1970's pop culture icons Danny Bonaduce and Barry Williams face off in the hunt for the legendary mountain creature. Filmed in 1993 but never completed due to River Phoenix's death, Dark Blood tells the story of Boy, a young widower living on a nuclear testing site in the desert. Boy is waiting for the end of the world and carves Katchina dolls that supposedly contain magical powers. Boy's solitude is interrupted when a Hollywood jet-set couple who are travelling across the desert become stranded after their car breaks down. The couple are rescued by Boy, who then holds them prisoner because of his desire for the woman and his ambition to create a better world with her. In an oppressive future, a 'fireman' whose duty is to destroy all books begins to question his task. Vengence drives a tough Detroit cop to stay on the trail of a power hungry auto magnate who's systematically eliminating his competition. In 1860s Paris, a young woman, Therese, is trapped in a loveless marriage to the sickly Camille by her domineering aunt, Madame Raquin. She spends her days behind the counter of a small shop and her evenings watching Madame play dominos with an eclectic group. After she meets her husband's alluring friend, Laurent, she embarks on an illicit affair that leads to tragic consequences. Based on Emile Zola's novel, Therese Raquin. A young girl buys an antique box at a yard sale, unaware that inside the collectible lives a malicious ancient spirit. The girl's father teams with his ex-wife to find a way to end the curse upon their child. McCall believes he has put his mysterious past behind him and dedicated himself to beginning a new, quiet life. But when he meets Teri, a young girl under the control of ultra-violent Russian gangsters, he can't stand idly by - he has to help her. Armed with hidden skills that allow him to serve vengeance against anyone who would brutalize the helpless, McCall comes out of his self-imposed retirement and finds his desire for justice reawakened. If someone has a problem, if the odds are stacked against them, if they have nowhere else to turn, McCall will help. He is The Equalizer. Some of Sin City's most hard-boiled citizens cross paths with a few of its more reviled inhabitants. Kathryn Vale (Lena Olin) is a reclusive ex-movie star with a dark secret and a daughter hoping to follow in her mother's movie-star footsteps. When Kathryn attempts to make a career comeback, she is threatened by an anonymous blackmailer. The resulting events force Kathryn to confront the truth about herself and those around her. When David King purchases a house in the hills far above the angst of Los Angeles, he gets much more than he bargained for when strange and unexplainable occurrences in and around the house begin to take control of his daily life Based on the Vanity Fair article of the same title, a story about a young boy drawn into a web of lies through an online chatroom. A fatal plane crash changes the lives of Roman and Jake forever. Roman loses his wife and daughter in the accident, while Jake loses his mind--as he happens to be the air traffic controller who failed to avert the nightmare. Rage and revenge engulfs Roman and Jake finds himself swamped with guilt and regret. A suburban woman witnesses her husbands murder, and decides to seek revenge in a 24 hr period. Along the way, Polly O'Bannon finds others who share her taste for revenge in the Pinelands of South Jersey. When a gunman takes five lives with six shots, all evidence points to the suspect in custody. On interrogation, the suspect offers up a single note: "Get Jack Reacher!" So begins an extraordinary chase for the truth, pitting Jack Reacher against an unexpected enemy, with a skill for violence and a secret to keep. A woman goes slowly mad as she is confined to a room for weeks on end by her husband. A terrifying psychological thriller set near the beautiful landscape of Glacier National Park, Montana. Two high school friends, Travis and Nate, are on a road trip to Canada when they're attacked by mysterious and vicious creatures. Nate is stolen into the woods and Travis will stop at nothing to get him back. Travis recruits Nate's older brother Chris to bring an arsenal and wage war against these monsters in an effort to retrieve Nate. In a case that had the nation riveted and human rights organizations the world over up in arms due to the death sentence handed out to the accused, comes a tale about the lure of riches, power, eternal youth, beauty and the blood one must spill to achieve this. Construction company owner John Matthews learns that his estranged son, Jason, has been arrested for drug trafficking. Facing an unjust prison sentence for a first time offender courtesy of mandatory minimum sentence laws, Jason has nothing to offer for leniency in good conscience. Desperately, John convinces the DEA and the opportunistic DA Joanne Keeghan to let him go undercover to help make arrests big enough to free his son in return. With the unwitting help of an ex-con employee, John enters the narcotics underworld where every move could be his last in an operation that will demand all his resources, wits and courage to survive. The Grind is a modern urban drama, set in world of sex, drug dealers, dance nightclubs and loan sharks. Vince is the nightclub manager of The Grind in Hackney, East London and having fought his way to a decent living and respectable lifestyle he is determined to settle down and take life easier. Upon meeting and starting a relationship with Nancy, Vinces dream of running a casino for his Boss and getting married looks set.  Bobby, Vinces best friend from school, is released from prison and their friendship soon falls apart, Bobbys addiction to cocaine and gambling spirals out of control and he now owes a huge amount of money to Vinces boss, Dave ; owner of The Grind and an East End loan shark. Vince's life takes a dramatic turn for the worse. Loyalties are tested and friendships are pushed to their limits. After witnessing a miracle, a young Latina woman experiences strange things as a police detective searches for the truth behind his partner's death. An uncompromising portrait of the struggles of a resplendent teenager with an anarchic spirit, fighting to maintain her existence in the bleak urban landscape of London. Angel is a cool but troubled nymphet, disillusioned by the tedium and meaninglessness of her uninviting working class future, her eyes filled with ferocious pique. Neglected by her abusive uncle and abandoned by her school, the disparate and embittered delinquent embarks on an odyssey of self-discovery to find a whole new world of possibilities. Set in 1974, a pair of '60s radicals rely on their bomb-making skills on their way to becoming capitalists. A young man cares for his younger sisters after their mother is imprisoned for murdering their abusive father. When he strikes up an affair with a married woman, long-dormant family secrets bubble to the surface. Carmilla comes to a rural town where her mother mysteriously disappeared years earlier. She is aided in her quest by an emotionally troubled local girl, with whom she becomes romantically involved. Their relationship ignites the wrath of the girl's father, who holds the key to the dreadful truth Carmilla is seeking. Inspired by Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu's famed Gothic novella. A serial killer is taking down the hip hop industry one rapper at a time and the detectives on the case must get to him before the killer does. The film is based amidst a group of seven friends. One of the boys in the group, Vasi sets his eyes on a foreign girl and plans to rape her. He makes a perfect sketch and kills her along with his friends. But to his bad luck, one of the girls in the group, Pragya happens to see the crime. Left with no choice, Vasi and his friends try to kill Pragya. Bu because of a tragic accident, she goes into a coma. A case is registered and a cop named Nayak is assigned the duty to nab the criminals. Rest of the story is as to how he hunts down the murderers and lands them in jail. A stressed housewife recruits her ex to help cover up her accidental murder of her husband.   A couple of friends, "Carmen" (Silvia Solar) and "Miguel"(German Cobos), fail to raise the money needed to marry. These difficulties encouraged the illusion of the boy, who wants a shot leaving for another country.  The dreams of "Miguel" are approved and encouraged by "Don Pablo", (Pepe Isbert) musician of the Municipal Band and uncle of Carmen, in his years young was unable to reach them. On the other hand, Carmen lives with his aunt "Antonia" (Matilde Munoz Sanpedro), which does not speak with his brother "Don Pablo", and whose sole ambition is to see married her niece, because in order to "maid" in the family there is enough with her. But with the arrival in Cadiz of the president of a south American country, everything is going to change course. In a post-apocalyptic future where humanity has fallen apart, a group of scientists and an animated sign complete the construction of a new human race and meet a groundhog climatologist who prepares them for their mission to restore balance to the decimated Earth. Perforations made directly into 16mm black leader attempt what Sitney describes in relation to Breer's 70 as 'five-frame holds', whereby methods used to control the movement of onscreen forms have the effect of retarding motion. Small Things confronts the purely plastic problems that persist in the manually made film, of registering marks in the same place over a series of frames. At the same time it does not discourage the interpretation of these forms as a gathering, not so much of particles, but rather of a swarm or a murmuration. In this western, three Texas Rangers decide to do their part to save the world and join the Army, but before they can, they are sent to Alaska to destroy a secret Nazi operation involving a submarine refueling station. The outpost is located behind an impenetrable tangle of barbed wire. The rangers get a little help, and discover a traitor. Then to get through the wire, they start a cattle stampede and save the day. A twin takes her deceased sister's place as wife of the man they both love. A rich woman and a calculating insurance agent plot to kill her unsuspecting husband after he signs a double indemnity policy.  Against a backdrop of distinctly Californian settings, the partners in crime plan the perfect murder to collect the insurance, which pays  double if the death is accidental. When a teenage girl says she's the victim of a secret network called The Sisterhood of Night, a quiet suburban town becomes the backdrop for a modern-day Salem witch trial. Chandrika, the only daughter of the rich industrialist Janardanan Pillai falls in love with Gopi, the son of the maid servant. Gopi is aware of his social status and keeps away from Chandrika. But Chandrika does not leave him. An American journalist arrives in Berlin just after the end of World War Two. He becomes involved in a murder mystery surrounding a dead GI who washes up at a lakeside mansion during the Potsdam negotiations between the Allied powers. Soon his investigation connects with his search for his married pre-war German lover. Melissa, a happily married woman with an eight-year-old daughter, invites her husband's mother to live with them, only to realize that Grandma is unhinged and wants to kidnap Melissa's daughter to replace her own dead child. Rules - Pyaar Ka Superhit Formula is a light look at the game of love. Radha (Meera Vasudevan) is employed with an advertising agency, and has a chance to see and meet prominent models. She meets her dreamboat, Vikram Verma (Milind Soman), on one such day. Needless to state, she is madly in love with him, but he has eyes for his girlfriend, the gorgeous model, Maggie (Namrata Barua), only. Radha's attempts to make him notice her are in vain, and in desperation she confides in her grandma (Tanuja), for a solution. Her grandma instructs her to follow a number of simple rules,... Friends, family, co-stars and admirers of actor Steve McQueen talk about his life and his movie career. As the Iranian revolution reaches a boiling point, a CIA 'exfiltration' specialist concocts a risky plan to free six Americans who have found shelter at the home of the Canadian ambassador. Armed robber and career criminal Jack Cregan seeks to discover the truth behind his father's murder and his stolen heist money and in doing so puts his life in danger. The devastation that Jack soon discovers puts his very own existence into question.  After a double-cornea transplant He Yiyi finally recovers her sight; six months later, however, her eyes are still giving her pain. Her ophthalmologist, says that is normal and maybe due to a part-rejection of the new corneas. He gives her some special dark glasses to help her recover; but she also starts having nightmares and visions, as well as losing her hair... The survivors of the first Waxwork must use a portal through time to defeat the evil that has followed them and turned their lives upside down. Witnessing the murder of your father by your own drug addict mother can take its toll. Jason tries to live a normal life, but his personal demons may be why he's a suspect in a killing spree that has the homicide division in disbelief. The collective Amanda Flor returns with a history of intolerance and revenge, which will unleash a real street war. The film is set in the increasingly degraded suburbs of Rome. Legendary filmmaker Sam Raimi and director Gil Kenan reimagine and contemporize the classic tale about a family whose suburban home is invaded by angry spirits. When the terrifying apparitions escalate their attacks and take the youngest daughter, the family must come together to rescue her. The Joker is aided in his Halloween quest to render modern technology useless and take over Gotham City by Solomon Grundy, Silver Banshee, Clayface and Scarecrow. Erotic thriller starring Nana Nanaumi. Independent narrative/pseudo-documentary shot in Waldo County, Maine, between the years 2010 and 2012. An experiment in white trash excess and violence. An escalation of violence erupts between two small town criminals as a result of stolen money and a broken jaw. When a Babylonian vampire comes to old Japan, an army of Japanese demons and ghosts gather and battle him. Soyan is a computer prodigy that works for a company he previously hacked. This online security firm runs covert activities for high-profile clients around the world. Loise is a cyber-detective who investigates war crimes for a human rights organization. She is obsessed with the truth. Loise and Soyan meet on a rooftop and bond together through a virtual chess game. But Soyan's employer, Russel Belial, has asked him to protect the same arms-dealer that Loise is determined to help to capture. What is Soyan's real goal? Who will call the game now? Loise and Soyan embark upon an intense but dangerous romance. After being in a virtual world, will Soyan and Loise risk everything for true love? While attending a party at James Franco's house, Seth Rogen, Jay Baruchel and many other celebrities are faced with the apocalypse. For Sara (Isabella Santodomingo), a frazzled young emergency room doctor working in Bogota, Colombia, finding out that she's pregnant is not good news. But her decision to end the pregnancy draws cries of protest from everyone in her family -- including the unborn child in her belly. This compelling comedy-drama explores the deep-seated beliefs about reproductive rights in Colombia, a country in which abortion is illegal in all circumstances. A mystery writer becomes the prime suspect in a murder investigation when a publisher he last saw is found dead.    Five medicine interns in an old public hospital must face all their fears when they start to being stalked by a strange being. Emil's reputation for being a troublemaker makes the Svensson family's neighbours take up a collection for sending the boy off to America. But even if he among other unfortunate mishaps causes his father to get stuck in the outhouse window and get bitten by crawfish, all is forgotten when he skillfully wins the family a free horse. And when Alfred the farmhand gets seriously ill, Emil puts his own life on the line, venturing into a snow storm to get his best friend to a doctor before it is too late. The life of a spanish couple gets complicated when the Civil War begins and a strange green light appears in the woods, opening the door to the world of the Bream Lords. The Queen is an intimate behind the scenes glimpse at the interaction between HM Elizabeth II and Prime Minister Tony Blair during their struggle, following the death of Diana, to reach a compromise between what was a private tragedy for the Royal family and the public's demand for an overt display of mourning. Based on the extraordinary true story of the European city's 1973 bank heist and hostage crisis that was documented in the 1974 New Yorker article "The Bank Drama" by Daniel Lang. The events grasped the world's attention when the hostages bonded with their captors and turned against the authorities, giving rise to the psychological phenomenon known as "Stockholm Syndrome." A film crew discovers the "eighth wonder of the world," a giant prehistoric ape, and brings him back to New York, where he wreaks havoc. A family on a road trip is stalked by criminals who stashed stolen money in their car.  Story of a mentally ill young man attempting to come to grips with his haunting past by seeking solace and understanding in the unfamiliar Eastern culture of Thailand. A young man uses a bug camera to spy on his ex-girlfriend, then witnesses her abduction. After a family tragedy in the chaotic city, Chris and Maggie Conley, in a last-ditch effort to save their dying marriage, purchase an isolated home in the deepest woods, to which they quickly discover evil has a key. More than two decades have passed since Sarah Connor prevented Judgment Day, changed the future, and re-wrote the fate of the human race. Dani Ramos is living a simple life in Mexico City with her brother and father when a highly advanced and deadly new Terminator - a Rev-9 - travels back through time to hunt and kill her. Dani's survival depends on her joining forces with two warriors: Grace, an enhanced super-soldier from the future, and a battle-hardened Sarah Connor. As the Rev-9 ruthlessly destroys everything and everyone in its path on the hunt for Dani, the three are led to a T-800 from Sarah's past that may be their last best hope. Zhang a middle aged man struggling with a dead end job as an insurance sales person, on the verge of divorce with his wife, losing custody of her daughter and on top of all this he had to take care of his father who's suffering Alzheimer's. Unknowingly Zhang was invited to join an underground fighting game for financial purposes but eventually Zhang becomes hooked on the fights and turns professional. When Bond's latest assignment goes gravely wrong and agents around the world are exposed, MI6 is attacked forcing M to relocate the agency. These events cause her authority and position to be challenged by Gareth Mallory, the new Chairman of the Intelligence and Security Committee. With MI6 now compromised from both inside and out, M is left with one ally she can trust: Bond. 007 takes to the shadows - aided only by field agent, Eve - following a trail to the mysterious Silva, whose lethal and hidden motives have yet to reveal themselves. A short film set in Barcelona about a woman who is unable to listen to herself. An inexplicable archeological find leads Dr. Peter Kenner to conclude that we are not alone, aliens have visited the Earth in the distant past and have now returned. Struggling to reconcile the evidence with his once held religious views, Peter turns to his uncle, Josh Sanders, a retired scientist and a man of strong Christian faith. Meanwhile, Sarah Pennington seeks protection for her young daughter, Kara, believing the extraterrestrials are bent on abducting the gifted nine-year-old as they did Sarah's husband three years earlier. When the four are brought together by Ethan, a mysterious stranger, Peter and Sarah wrestle with their own beliefs as Josh seeks to convince them of the truth. It becomes clear that Kara has a very special gift-one that can expose the true nature of the extraterrestrials. Atithi is an attempt to examine the 'other face' - flashes of humanity - of a young man totally immersed in the cult of terrorism. Strange as it may sound, we also see flashes of violence (at times) that trickle into the thinking of another man with total belief in non-violence as the ultimate truth of life. Agnes is a woman who has reached her early 40s without ever venturing far from home, family or the tight-knit immigrant community in which she was raised by her widowed father. That begins to change in a quietly dramatic fashion when Agnes receives a jigsaw puzzle as a birthday gift and experiences the heady thrill of not only doing something she enjoys, but being very, very good at it. On the request of his friend Kabir, SP Adil Sends him to the Naxal group as an informer. When Kabir finds the truth he becomes one of their gang leader. A group of eighty American workers are locked in their office and ordered by an unknown voice to participate in a twisted game. An unconventional thinker helps a budding cinematographer gain a new perspective on life. Lateef is a middle-class man who aspires to become a doctor. But, this dream is shattered when he gets arrested in a drug raid. A family man who turns out to be a retired mob enforcer must travel across the country to find his daughter who has gone missing. Johnny is a long-serving MI5 officer. His boss dies suddenly, leaving behind an inexplicable file which threatens the stability of the organisation. An independent, single mother who owns a small hotel on a Greek island is about to marry off the spirited young daughter she's raised alone. But, the daughter has secretly invited three of her mother's ex-lovers in the hopes of finding her biological father. Guido Anselmi, a film director, finds himself creatively barren at the peak of his career. Urged by his doctors to rest, Anselmi heads for a luxurious resort, but a sorry group gathers--his producer, staff, actors, wife, mistress, and relatives--each one begging him to get on with the show. In retreat from their dependency, he fantasizes about past women and dreams of his childhood. A group of ambitious filmmakers set out to create the world's first reality horror movie. What ensues is a hellish game of cat and mouse as a cryptic filmmaker, known only as The Maestro, comes out from hiding in search of his "perfect shot." Soon-Ae (Seo-Young) opens a butcher's shop. The butcher's shop is popular due to its flavorful meat. Most of the store's customers are male. Meanwhile, man's body is found at a hotel near the butcher's shop. The man was brutally murdered. Soon, more murders are found with similarities to the first murder. One day, Detective Kim (Kim Min-Jun) stops by the butcher's shop and meets Soon-Ae. Since then, Detective Kim keeps a watch on Soon-Ae. A female office worker grows tired of her popular and attractive colleague's office affairs, and releases explicit footage of her as revenge. Taking place before the hand-over of Macau back to the Center Government of China in the 1990s, the film starts off with the two main characters cautiously cleaning up a crime scene. Who did they murder? Why they have to kill that person? What will happen to them? The Soundtrack of a life. Cris ( Selton Mello) , a young artist still trying to find his place on the tough world of arts, gets from Brazilian Government special permit to stay a month in an isolated international research station surrounded by nothing but ice. His goal is to prepare an exhibition mixing music and photography. Cris will go against his own defined concepts and values, as he spends time with other researchers discovering PLANET EARTH on an never seen perspective. This shock will result on this young artist 's evolution changing his life forever. One night, Hariri is instructed by his boss to fix a CCTV camera in an old hospital. While he is repairing the camera, he accidentally trips and falls, injuring his leg. The fall also knocks him out. When he regains consciousness, he realises that he is being treated in the old hospital, and night after night, Hariri experiences creepy and strange events in it. coming soon Loosely-plotted melodrama about five "hostesses" and the owners of a waterfront nightclub. In Stockholm, Sweden, hacker Lisbeth Salander is hired by Frans Balder, a computer engineer, to retrieve a program that he believes it is too dangerous to exist. A man's life is derailed when an ominous pattern of events repeats itself in exactly the same manner every day, ending at precisely 2:22 p.m. An obsessed cop is on the trail of a serial killer prowling the streets of Buffalo, N.Y. but when his teenage daughter disappears, he drops any professional restraint to get the killer. Two worlds collide when a successful Haitian American attorney marries the love of his life only to have his past haunt him when the father of a former fling, a powerful Voodoo Priest, exacts revenge for his scorned daughter. Handsomely-mounted historical epic concerns the birth of the Islamic faith and the story of the prophet Mohammed. Web loses his brother in an extreme sports accident. When he learns it may have been murder he searches, from America to his ancestral home in China, pursuing answers and vengeance. While investigating noises in his house one balmy Texas night in 1989, Richard Dane puts a bullet in the brain of a low-life burglar. Although he's hailed as a small-town hero, Dane soon finds himself fearing for his family's safety when Freddy's ex-con father rolls into town, hell-bent on revenge. Dr. Louis Creed and his wife, Rachel, move from Boston to Ludlow, in rural Maine, with their two young children. Hidden in the woods near the new family home, Ellie, their eldest daughter, discovers a mysterious cemetery where the pets of community members are buried. New CIA operative Aaron Cross experiences life-or-death stakes that have been triggered by the previous actions of Jason Bourne. A group of friends must confront their most terrifying fears when they awaken the dark powers of an ancient spirit board. Jack Ryan, as a young covert CIA analyst, uncovers a Russian plot to crash the U.S. economy with a terrorist attack. Ray Breslin is the world's foremost authority on structural security. After analyzing every high security prison and learning a vast array of survival skills so he can design escape-proof prisons, his skills are put to the test. He's framed and incarcerated in a master prison he designed himself. He needs to escape and find the person who put him behind bars. A young woman participates in a medical study. After a series of nightmares and unusual side effects, the line between dreams and reality is blurred. She finds herself on the run from those involved, desperate to uncover the truth. A young woman, Eve, fights back and manages to escape a malicious abductor. However, after discovering she may not be the only victim, Eve unravels a darker truth and decides to turn the tables on her captor. Runaway Tracy is snatched from a dangerous L.A. neighborhood by sadistic thugs while searching for her homeless boyfriend. Her police detective mom races against time to rescue Tracy from the big money, high crime world of sex trafficking. In a broken city rife with injustice, ex-cop Billy Taggart seeks redemption and revenge after being double-crossed and then framed by its most powerful figure, the mayor. Billy's relentless pursuit of justice, matched only by his streetwise toughness, makes him an unstoppable force - and the mayor's worst nightmare. A group of friends and family descend into the Everglades swamplands for their annual hunting trip only to discover that they are the ones being hunted. A malevolent entity is tracking them and they begin to realise one of their party may be possessed by something brought home from a tour of duty in the Middle East - a demon of war so horrible and deadly they are unaware of its devilish presence. Or are they facing something even more unspeakable, a legendary Native American curse about to unleash its dreadful legacy of thirsting for colonial revenge by claiming more souls? The story of Skip, a young ex-convict who takes a position as a night janitor at an old-west theme park. His supervisor Archie, teaches him the ropes, but more importantly attempts to convey critical philosophical messages through a series of four stories: a down and out boxer is given the opportunity to become a real golden gloves killer; an assassin kidnaps three people in order to find out who hired him for his latest hit; a new recruit is initiated into a lodge of fez-wearing businessmen where hazing can take a malevolent turn; and a member of a suicide club introduces real fear into a man about to jump to his death. A speeding truck sends Robert into purgatory, with the probability of a warm climate. He escapes to Earth and tries to fix things before purgatory catches up with him. Oscar Krug (Bosworth) is looked upon with suspicion by his neighbors because of his name. When the United States is drawn into the war with Germany, a group of citizens attack Krug. They are met with strong opposition from Krug and decide to leave him alone. Bill Tavish, his greatest opponent, becomes his closest friend and they travel the seas together as captain and first mate. Krug marries Alice Morse against her family wishes, and, when the family finds out, she is driven from the home, so she stays on her husband's ship. During a submarine attack Alice is snatched from Krug's side by a German officer. Krug now lives to revenge himself on the captain of the German submarine, and when the opportunity presents itself, he wreaks a terrible vengeance upon him. Investigative journalist Eddie Brock attempts a comeback following a scandal, but accidentally becomes the host of Venom, a violent, super powerful alien symbiote. Soon, he must rely on his newfound powers to protect the world from a shadowy organization looking for a symbiote of their own. A DEA agent and an undercover Naval Intelligence officer who have been tasked with investigating one another find they have been set up by the mob -- the very organization the two men believe they have been stealing money from. Clairvoyant femme fatale, Nicola Six has been living with a dark premonition of her impending death by murder. She begins a tangled love affair with three uniquely different men--one of whom she knows will be her murderer. Evan Lake, a veteran CIA agent, has been ordered to retire. But when his protege uncovers evidence that Lake's nemesis, the terrorist Banir, has resurfaced, Lake goes rogue, embarking on a perilous, intercontinental mission to eliminate his sworn enemy. A journalist, his girlfriend and the obligatory group of hard-partying teens are butchered by a masked psycho near a lake. Mia, a young woman struggling with sobriety, heads to a remote cabin with a group of friends where the discovery of a Book of the Dead unwittingly summon up dormant demons which possess the youngsters one-by-one. After a violent bank robbery, the trio of hoods make their way across East L.A. carrying a blood-soaked bag of money. When word gets out, they must fend off gangs and crooked cops alike as they strive to keep the loot and stay alive. Abby and Luca are circus acrobats, travelling from town to town to perform their duet. Their love relationship is falling apart. As they are driving in their small camping-car to the next theater, they have to confront their problems to regain trust in each other. Extreme athlete turned government operative Xander Cage comes out of self-imposed exile, thought to be long dead, and is set on a collision course with deadly alpha warrior Xiang and his team in a race to recover a sinister and seemingly unstoppable weapon known as Pandora's Box. Recruiting an all-new group of thrill-seeking cohorts, Xander finds himself enmeshed in a deadly conspiracy that points to collusion at the highest levels of world governments. A husband and wife lie to each other about their weekend travel plans, only to both show up at the family's country house with their lovers. Jessie Valiquette follows her scribe boyfriend of 3 years Dale Morrow on a search for his long lost Father last heard from on a deserted island in the Philippines. Along with a group of unwitting friends, the young couple encounters more than they bargained for when they discover not only was Dale's father part of a top-secret government project testing the depth of people's fears, but also that he had very good reason for not wanting to be found. Written by In-Motion Pictures A yuppie couple (in their mid thirties) buy a vacant house in the country in order to convert it to a bed and breakfast. The House, has other plans. A group of quircky, snow bound, strangers discover there are killers amongst them. After watching their respective partners die, a cop and a hitman form an alliance in order to bring down their common enemy. College students exploring an abandoned insane asylum accidentally shatter canisters holding the cremains of former mental patients. Inhaling the dusty ash filling the air, they're soon possessed by the souls once held within them. One is a convicted serial killer from 1950. In London, just a few years from now, the government have enforced a curfew - no civilians on the streets after dark. A terrorist group have threatened to release a killer virus. Time is running out for the FEDZ. Infamous London gangster cousins, Micky Mannock and Ray Collishaw, are at the top of the food chain, when their world is turned upside down as they lose a shipment of the Russian Mafia's cocaine in rough seas. Set in London, Amsterdam and Berlin, the story races across Europe at breakneck speed as Micky and Ray attempt to stay one step ahead of the Police. Can they pull off a daring diamond heist in time to put things right and retire to a "legitimate" way of life. Robert Breer animation from 1970.  16mm, color, silent, using spray paint & stencils. Madeline Goddard, is a British double agent who meets and falls in love with a German spy Baron Karl Von Marwitz during World War I. This tale of espionage blends high adventure and romance making perfect order from wartime chaos and growing in faith from despair. Following the death of District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman assumes responsibility for Dent's crimes to protect the late attorney's reputation and is subsequently hunted by the Gotham City Police Department. Eight years later, Batman encounters the mysterious Selina Kyle and the villainous Bane, a new terrorist leader who overwhelms Gotham's finest. The Dark Knight resurfaces to protect a city that has branded him an enemy. Tom and Anna Wright, a young American couple, fall into severe debt while renovating Anna's family home in London. As the couple faces the loss of their dream to have a house and start a family, they discover that the tenant in the apartment below them is dead, and he's left behind a stash of cash--$400,000 worth. Though initially hesitant, Tom and Anna decide that the plan is simple: all they have to do is quietly take the money and use only what's necessary to get them out of debt. But when they start spending the money and can't seem to stop, they find themselves the target of a deadly adversary--the thief who stole it--and that's when very bad things start happening to good people. After his family is kidnapped during their sailing trip in Spain, a young Wall Street trader is confronted by the people responsible: intelligence agents looking to recover a mysterious briefcase. In a dystopian future, where corporate brands have created a disillusioned population, one man's effort to unlock the truth behind the conspiracy leads to an epic battle with hidden forces that control the world. The Iraq war has turned from 'Mission Accomplished' into a hellhole with an indeterminate outcome. There are no WMDs. No links to Al Qaeda. No imminent threat as promised by the administration. In an alternate reality, a group of angry and disgruntled U.S. soldiers set out on a suicide mission to uncover the truth. Doing the unthinkable, they kidnap the Commander in Chief and interrogate him using the same techniques they were trained to inflict upon the people whose country they invaded. American Weapon is the story of six beautiful travelers who head to the mountains for a getaway weekend, only to be terrorized by a homicidal war veteran, who has been programmed to kill without remorse. In the world's most dangerous prison, a new game is born: Death Race. The rules of this adrenaline-fueled blood sport are simple, drive or die. When repentant convict Carl Lucas discovers there's a price on his head, his only hope is to survive a twisted race against an army of hardened criminals and tricked-out cars. A former Weather Underground activist goes on the run from a journalist who discovers his identity. A troupe of actors hired for a haunted house attraction soon find that they are working in a true house of horror. After serving 28 years in prison for accidentally killing the son of a crime boss, newly paroled gangster Val reunites with his former partners in crime, Doc and Hirsch, for a night on the town. As the three men revisit old haunts, reflect on their glory days and try to make up for lost time, one wrestles with a terrible quandary: Doc has orders to kill Val, and time is running out for him to figure out a way out of his dilemma. In Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhua, RAW Agent Vinod (Saif Ali Khan) is rescued by colleague Rajan (Ravi Kishan) from a rogue Pakistani army officer (Shahbaz Khan). In Russia/Uzbekistan, an ex-KGB Officer is tortured and murdered. In Cape Town, a group of international business tycoons discusses a rumor that the dead KGB officer possessed a nuclear suitcase bomb. In Moscow, Rajan is exposed and shot dead while trying to send a Code Red message to India. In India, the head of RAW sees the incomplete message containing just number 242. Agent Vinod undertakes a globe-trotting secret mission to discover the reason why his colleague, Rajan, was murdered. A series of twists and turns take Vinod across the globe to Morocco and Latvia, Karachi to Delhi and finally London where he discovers the actual conspiracy. In Istanbul, retired CIA operative Bryan Mills and his wife are taken hostage by the father of a kidnapper Mills killed while rescuing his daughter. A group of stick-up kids rob a mafia run strip club and head for the border but when they enter the town of Redstone, they find that crime is a dish best served cold! Kane Hodder (Friday the 13th, Hatchet) takes the title role as Sheriff Slade Sickle, a man with a true appetite for justice! The film co-stars Tiffany Shepis (Nightmare Man, Dark Reel) and Rena Riffel (Showgirls, Mulholland Dr.) in this carnage-filled tribute to American Grind-House cinema.  Horror Legend Kane Hodder (Friday the 13th, Hatchet) is Sheriff Slade Sickle, and when a group of stick up kids arrive in his town, they find that justice is a dish best served cold. Expect buckets of blood, bullets and mayhem in this tribute to American Grindhouse.  - Written by Anonymous (IMDb) An entry-level employee at a powerful corporation finds himself occupying a corner office, but at a dangerous price--he must spy on his boss's old mentor to secure for him a multi-billion dollar advantage. Everyone wants to know where they came from. Gia, looks for her biological family. When John Doe is convicted of being a vigilante serial killer, a vigilante group named 'Speak for the Dead' emerges in support of John's cause--elevating the debate about justice versus vengeance. A screenwriter who travels to an abandoned house to finish a script on time, but a series of strange events lead her to a psychological breakdown. A group of students are en route to the beach for spring break when their car overheats near a crumbling hunting lodge, leaving them alone and defenseless while an unseen force attacks them from all sides. Disconnect interweaves multiple storylines about people searching for human connection in today's wired world. Through poignant turns that are both harrowing and touching, the stories intersect with surprising twists that expose a shocking reality into our daily use of technology that mediates and defines our relationships and ultimately our lives. Plagued by frightening occurrences in their home, Kelly and Ben learn that a university's parapsychology experiment produced an entity that is now haunting them. The malevolent spirit feeds on fear and torments the couple no matter where they run. Desperate, Kelly and Ben turn to a paranormal researcher, but even with his aid, it may already be too late to save themselves from the terrifying presence. A psychological drama with thriller elements about despair of love. Forty year old Thomas stalks his ex-wife while struggling with his emotions. On the eve of his wedding, on holiday on the Lake Annecy shore, a career diplomat visits an old acquaintance, perhaps a former girlfriend. Through her he meets an intense teenager, Laura, and then lusts after her sister, Claire. Whilst Laura attempts to flirt with him, his fantasy becomes focused on wanting to caress Claire's knee. In the middle of the next century, a spaceship loses its bearings, and the commander of another space crew, seemingly on a routine check flight, decides to investigate. The result is an unusual suspense adventure. Dr. Ryan Stone, a brilliant medical engineer on her first Shuttle mission, with veteran astronaut Matt Kowalsky in command of his last flight before retiring. But on a seemingly routine spacewalk, disaster strikes. The Shuttle is destroyed, leaving Stone and Kowalsky completely alone-tethered to nothing but each other and spiraling out into the blackness of space. The deafening silence tells them they have lost any link to Earth and any chance for rescue. As fear turns to panic, every gulp of air eats away at what little oxygen is left. But the only way home may be to go further out into the terrifying expanse of space. As a renowned producer and close associate of Dan Rather, Mary Mapes believes she's broken the biggest story of the 2004 election: revelations of a sitting U.S. President's military service. But when allegations come pouring in, sources change their stories, document authenticity is questioned, and the casualties begin to mount. Paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren work to help a family terrorized by a dark presence in their farmhouse. Forced to confront a powerful entity, the Warrens find themselves caught in the most terrifying case of their lives. A mother (in her Minivan) stops at nothing to recover her kidnapped son. A group of college friends discover a 15th century coffin that allows them to experience the world as ghosts. While their first adventures in the spirit world are playful and innocent, the "Box of Shadows" soon brings out the group's most dangerous impulses and desires. The friends find themselves pulled into a world of evil where they learn the line between life and death is there for a reason. A mind-bending thriller set in Portland, Oregon about an unspoken tragedy and its effects on a house, its temporary caretakers and the owners, a classical music critic and his wife on a recuperative trip to Italy. A mute man with a violent past is forced to take on the teeming underworld of a near-future Berlin as he searches for his missing girlfriend. A young teacher inspires her class of at-risk students to learn tolerance, apply themselves, and pursue education beyond high school. An aspiring teen detective stumbles into her first real case, when investigating the mysterious new family in her neighborhood. Bickering husband and wife Tim and Sally Willows mutter a few angry words to a statue of Buddha and wind up living each other's life. A child of a middle class home with solid moral values is lured into a world of crime and corruption. A young man struggles with unexplained events inside a New York apartment where tenants are not who they appear to be. Martha Beck, an obese nurse who is desperately lonely, joins a "correspondence club" and finds a romantic pen pal in Ray Fernandez. Martha falls hard for Ray, and is intent on sticking with him even when she discovers he's a con man who seduces lonely single women, kills them and then takes their money. She poses as Ray's sister and joins Ray on a wild killing spree, fueled by her lingering concern that Ray will leave her for one of his marks. A reporter unearths an urban legend about a home being constructed from rooms where horrific tragedies have occurred. Two veterans of the Bosnian War, one American, one Serbian, who clash in the remote Smoky Mountain wilderness. In a quiet southern town, several lives are changed forever when an isolated mute with a dark secret is admitted to a mental institution. In the pre-Civil War United States, Solomon Northup, a free black man from upstate New York, is abducted and sold into slavery. Facing cruelty as well as unexpected kindnesses Solomon struggles not only to stay alive, but to retain his dignity. In the twelfth year of his unforgettable odyssey, Solomon's chance meeting with a Canadian abolitionist will forever alter his life. A fictionalized account of the last days of Edgar Allan Poe's life, in which the poet is in pursuit of a serial killer whose murders mirror those in the writer's stories. In the casino capital of the East, every move is a deadly gamble. Nora Dunn is a struggling artist desperately trying to recover from a childhood trauma, but her life is turn upside down when she is haunted by the vision of a long dead childhood friend. Is the spirit a hallucination or a foreshadowing of something worse to come? It is up to Dan Tsang, a young police detective to solve the mystery and save Nora before it is too late! Kevin is obsessed with finding a girl who can help him forget his unpleasant past. However, all his encounters with the opposite sex inevitably go afoul. As the rejections mount, Kevin's futile search for happiness and love becomes overwhelmingly turbulent, forcing him to take desperate measures. Matt Miller has spent his entire life living in the shadows of his brother. He believes if his brother were to disappear then so would all his problems. So one deadly night Matt decides to take matters into his own hands. Fifteen years after murdering his sister on Halloween Night 1963, Michael Myers escapes from a mental hospital and returns to the small town of Haddonfield, Illinois to kill again. Maya becomes the target of the Russian mafia after her husband, a successful American businessman, is killed. Something is missing in Tom's life. His marriage has lost its spark, his job is suffocating him, and his childhood best friend Dan still clings to the past. Every day he goes through the motions, becoming increasingly detached from those around him. Dan has the solution... something Tom's got to see to believe... tonight. What Dan shows him leaves Tom unsettled, flooding his mind with disturbing images, and binding the two friends together with its ugly secret. TELEPHONE WORLD tells the story of Rachel Plasky (Elissa Dowling), who finds out she got the lead part in a new TV show called "Fairfax Girls". The main body of the film is shot in one continuous 80-minute shot. All of the action happens in one single take with real phone calls and answering messages occurring in real-time. A naive college student loses a scholarship at the hands of a classmate and makes a pact with a mysterious friend to kill off each other's enemies. Lawmen, drifters, and hired guns converge at a Northern California ranch believing its Chinese owners possess stolen gold.  When two drifters hear rumors that a Chinese railroad worker has escaped with gold and now owns a remote ranch in the wilds of Northern California, the desperate men set a plan in motion to steal the gold for themselves. Saul, the youngest of the drifters, hopes to win the affections of Zhen and his beautiful wife, Kun Hua. Saul hires on as a farmhand, while his partner Bill lurks in the shadows and waits for the opportunity to strike. However, waves of worse men arrive seeking the stolen fortune, setting in motion a deadly multi-sided face-off of bluffs, gambles, and betrayals.  Heathens &amp; Thieves is a western crime drama set in an American era when the riches associated with the 1849 Gold Rush, the fallout of the Civil War, and the impact of Chinese immigration were fresh in people's minds. Having recently escaped a brutal assault at the hands of psycho Frank, Rebekah Lakin finds herself a shadow of who she once was. The constant state of fear and anxiety she now lives in brings about frequent hallucinations, paranoia and insomnia. These award-winning videos and hi-tech performances to their inventive animated shorts, acceptance speeches and more can be accessed through the interactive menu, a brand new 3D DVD reconstruction of Gorillaz' online hangout Kong Studios. Viewers can wander through this decaying palace of sin and watch the breathtaking live performances in the cinema, visit the band's bedrooms, tour the corridors and find games, original animatics, cameos from some of the Demon Days guests and off-color jokes galore. Since their discovery in 1947, the Dead Sea Scrolls have proven to be among the most important finds ever, informing mankind of its origins and, since they hold a 2,000-year-old incarnation of the Bible, charting religious and sociological history. Learn how archaeologists found them and how the entire world reacted to their discovery, and watch a reenactment that purports to trace just how the documents ended up where they did. A man with a dark past hitches a ride that turns into a road trip to hell and leads him to the revelation of a family secret of biblical proportions. A fugitive, an empty house, a rotting corpse. The journey begins. Cameron Matthews, a petty criminal and fugitive from the law, hides from police by taking shelter in an old dilapidated house in the middle of the city. There he discovers the rotting corpse of Bart Giordano, the owner of the house, whose death has gone unnoticed by friends and family for years. Though separated by death, the two men form an unlikely spiritual connection and help each other rebuild broken relationships in their personal lives. In a highly secured vault deep within the walls of Vatican City, the Catholic Church holds thousands of old films and video footage documenting exorcisms/supposed exorcisms and other unexplained religious phenomena they feel the world is not ready to see. This is the first tape - Case 83-G - stolen from these archives and exposed to the public by an anonymous source. A cop finds himself in a race against time to find a kidnap victim whose abductor he accidentally killed. Aaron Eckhart stars as Frank Penny, a disgraced cop looking for a shot at redemption. When the police chief's 11-year-old daughter is abducted, Frank goes rogue to try and save her. But to find the girl, Frank will need the help of Ava Brooks, whose live-streaming news channel is broadcasting Frank's every move. While a city watches, Frank and Ava race against time in this explosive action-thriller. Elderly Italian who immigrated to Canada after killing a famous soccer player in a car accident must pay off his gambling debts by agreeing to become a human prey in a deadly manhunt organized by his debtees. The true story of Captain Richard Phillips and the 2009 hijacking by Somali pirates of the US-flagged MV Maersk Alabama, the first American cargo ship to be hijacked in two hundred years. Aiden craves a better life. A life away from his gruesome job as a crime scene photographer, working alongside his detective friend Pete. A meaningful life where he can escape the hard streets of Detroit, fall in love with the perfect woman and save the world from evil. As Aiden's dark imagination starts to leak into reality, he meets Virginia, a younger woman with her own dilemmas and desires. When a group of teenagers stumble upon a secret lab, they become part of a deadly experiment - The Recreator - evil human clones. Craig, Tracy and Derek come face to face with exact copies of themselves that have only one purpose; to find and kill their originals. With time running out it's up to the original group to destroy the lab and save themselves before they are replaced. Gregory Orr's exciting thriller brings science fiction to life with a sexy edge. Students on a camping trip discover something sinister is lurking beyond the trees. The tragic death of a beautiful young girl starts a tense and atmospheric game of cat and mouse between hunter John Moon and the hardened backwater criminals out for his blood. In childhood and youth, the three were "the inseparables." Luisa married Angel, then two years later, she left him to marry Ramiro. After ten years, Angel reappears, back from South America, broke and ill. Luisa is overcome with sentimentality and, over Ramiro's objections, takes Angel into their house. Angel is bitter, he and Ramiro have shifted from best friends to enemies. Luisa wants to be in love with both. Ramiro hopes he can wait out Angel's declining health, and Luisa wants to heal Angel through force of will. What is Angel's plan? Observing the roiling emotions are Luisa and Ramiro's precocious young children. Who's in danger here? Verena is a nurse who arrives at an old mansion in Italy to help a young boy who has fallen silent since the sudden passing of his mother. In Manhattan, a bike messenger picks up an envelope that attracts the interest of a dirty cop, who pursues the cyclist throughout the city. Ray Owens is sheriff of the quiet US border town of Sommerton Junction after leaving the LAPD following a bungled operation. Following his escape from the FBI, a notorious drug baron, his gang, and a hostage are heading toward Sommerton Junction where the police are preparing to make a last stand to intercept them before they cross the border. Owens is reluctant to become involved but ultimately joins in with the law enforcement efforts Mina, a young college student, has her life ripped away after her family is killed. When she finds out their murder was part of a botched kidnapping to return her to her real father--a terrorist in the middle east. Teens Linda and Eta are inseparable friends, though they have plenty of disagreements, but one horrific argument has unexpected consequences. The Seasoning House - where young girls are prostituted to the military. An orphaned deaf mute is enslaved to care for them. She moves between the walls and crawlspaces, planning her escape. Planning her ingenious and brutal revenge. A weird German doctor uses hypnotism, seduction, and criminality to get the better of a trio of spoiled wealthy siblings, in a tribute to old Hollywood Technicolor melodramas. An obliviously modern college student gets into a near-fatal bus accident, but is reborn through hybrid technology by her biotech father and his advanced lab. A babysitting uncle tells his charges three horror stories--about a killer witch, Little Red Riding Hood and a werewolf, and a story about "Goldi Lox" and the three bears. When a young woman takes a trip down Rogue River, her car mysteriously disappears. Lost without transport or communication, she accepts the hospitality of a stranger who offers her shelter for the night at his cabin. With no other options available, she reluctantly accepts only to forever regret it. The ensuing hours yield nothing but torture, indescribable pain, and horrific agony. If you've seen Misery, you've seen nothing. This movie starts where horror films end and leaves viewers paralysed by fear and disgust. A couple of college students decide to sign up for pharmaceutical testing of a new allergy drug to make some extra cash for their spring break trip. They quickly discover their two week stay will not be as easy as they first believed and fight to save themselves from the grips of the facility. Shot at the Film Farm in Mt.Forest, this comedy is a quest about performance, educational voiceover, analogue filmmaking, ASCII, language, ethics of ethnography and narrative storytelling under a metaphor of instructions to farm land. Text by Barbara Kirshenblatt-Gimblett and Wikihow/shoot-film. From the beginning, stories of angels and men have captured our imaginations and have been etched into our history crossing all boundaries of culture, religion, and time. These two races have dominated the landscape of modern mythology for countless centuries, almost washing away the evidence that a third ever existed. This third race, born of smokeless fire, was called the jinn. Similar to humans in many ways, the jinn lived invisibly among us and only under dire or unusual circumstances were our paths ever meant to cross. A variety of predicaments arise to distract Dr. Kildare from his wedding to Nurse Mary Lamont. An accountant and his maid plot to murder a man, make off with a large sum of money and flee to Singapore to start a new life together. But unexpected complications throw a wrench in their plan. A fatal plane crash changes the lives of Roman and Jake forever. Roman loses his wife and daughter in the accident, while Jake loses his mind--as he happens to be the air traffic controller who failed to avert the nightmare. Rage and revenge engulfs Roman and Jake finds himself swamped with guilt and regret. A team of space scavengers discovers superior alien technology that threatens the balance of the known universe. Hotly pursued by a rival crew of intergalactic mercenaries, the Revelator crew must fight through the deepest reaches of space to locate and protect the life-altering device. A young couple awakens a terrible force when they attempt to socialize their reclusive neighbor. Every 40 seconds a person goes missing. In northern Idaho, a group of teenage girls attended a summer camp to help them connect with nature without technology. They were told it would be a summer of change. As the girls' houseboat is suddenly stranded in the middle of the river an odd couple comes to their aid. What was suppose to be an act of kindness turns deadly as the girls find themselves on the run, being pursued through the forest by a brutal and determined killer. Ten people arrive at a secluded mountain resort to find it completely deserted. With no gas for the return trip, the visitors are forced to stay and investigate the mystery surrounding the abandoned lodge. A young woman learns that she has inherited a Texas estate from her deceased grandmother. After embarking on a road trip with friends to uncover her roots, she finds she is the sole owner of a lavish, isolated Victorian mansion. But her newfound wealth comes at a price as she stumbles upon a horror that awaits her in the mansion's dank cellars. Crimes and misadventures of a girl named Oden. Loosely based on actual story of Takahashi Oden.  A featurette on L. Frank Baum, author of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and other children's books. A strict father loosens up enough to let his children take a day off school for a trip to the countryside. But things turn darker when the family realize he is planning to make it their last outing ever. Massachusetts, 1892. An unmarried woman of 32 and a social outcast, Lizzie lives a claustrophobic life under her father's cold and domineering control. When Bridget Sullivan, a young maid, comes to work for the family, Lizzie finds a sympathetic, kindred spirit, and a secret intimacy soon blossoms into a wicked plan. A mother and daughter move to a new town and find themselves living next door to a house where a young girl murdered her parents. When the daughter befriends the surviving son, she learns the story is far from over. With a passion for solving crime, fueled by the unsolved murder of her father's death at the hands of a mass murderer days before she was born, law student Fiona Reid sets about the task of catching a mass murderer. A noir thriller told from the point of view of a femme fatale, who falls for the detective in charge of a murder case. Hired to enact revenge on a man who savagely beat a beautiful Russian debutant, Jack Verlaine is pressed between his newly acquired job and a persistent man named, Brill, who offers him a chance to advance higher in his seedy career. But when an estranged lover reappears in Verlaine's regimented existence, he soon realizes the new elements in his life may be just a plot to uncover his true identity. In October 2009, the filmmakers went into an abandoned psychiatric hospital to explore the 'haunted' institution, famous for its radical treatment of patients with mental illness. Electroshock, insulin therapy, and lobotomies were commonplace. Once inside, the filmmakers quickly discovered that they were not alone. A terrifying story of six members of an evangelical Christian group who have been abducted in rural Kansas. A businessman, on his daily commute home, gets unwittingly caught up in a criminal conspiracy that threatens not only his life but the lives of those around him. Set in the near future, Lockout follows a falsely convicted ex-government agent , whose one chance at obtaining freedom lies in the dangerous mission of rescuing the President's daughter from rioting convicts at an outer space maximum security prison. Criminal psychologist Kate Fuller is assigned to the murder of a man who has seemingly been strangled in his sleep by his wife and the only witness is their eight-year-old daughter, Sophie. As Kate digs into the mystery of an ancient demon which kills people in their sleep, she experiences the same petrifying symptoms as all previous victims and spirals through a chilling nightmare to save herself and Sophie before she dares fall asleep again. In the wake of a nuclear war, a young woman survives on her own, fearing she may actually be the proverbial last woman on earth, until she discovers the most astonishing sight of her life: another human being. A distraught scientist, he's nearly been driven mad by radiation exposure and his desperate search for others. A fragile, imperative strand of trust connects them. But when a stranger enters the valley, their precarious bond begins to unravel. A dangerous CIA renegade resurfaces after a decade on the run. When the safe house he's remanded to is attacked by mercenaries, a rookie operative escapes with him. Now, the unlikely allies must stay alive long enough to uncover who wants them dead. After leaving their company Christmas Party together, David Hargrove and Emily Brandt's impromptu first date takes an unexpected turn when their coworker, Corey, asks them to make a late-night stop at an ATM.  What should be a routine transaction turns into a desperate struggle for survival when an unknown man appears outside the vestibule.  With the wintry temperatures dipping below freezing, and the morning sunrise still hours away, they have no choice but to play the man's deadly game of cat-and-mouse. A twist of fate brings the national spotlight to a forgotten Texas town and a once famous preacher has an opportunity to regain his former glory or seize one last chance to restore his fractured family.  Narrated by his fifteen-year-old daughter, Beyond the Farthest Star tells the story of Pastor Adam Wells, a minister driven by the prospect of achieving greatness as the next nationally syndicated TV Evangelist who must decide whether to give up his opportunity at "celebrity" and, even his own life, in order to become something even greater...  A loving husband and father to his wife and daughter. Fish has spent six years in jail. Six years alone. Six years keeping his mouth shut about the robbery, about the other men involved. The night he is released, the four men he protected with silence celebrate his freedom with a congratulatory dinner. The meal is a lavish array of sushi, served off the naked body of a beautiful young woman. The sushi girl seems catatonic, trained to ignore everything in the room, even if things become dangerous. Sure enough, the four unwieldy thieves can't help but open old wounds in an attempt to find their missing loot. Iconoclastic, take-no-prisoners cop John McClane, finds himself for the first time on foreign soil after traveling to Moscow to help his wayward son Jack - unaware that Jack is really a highly-trained CIA operative out to stop a nuclear weapons heist. With the Russian underworld in pursuit, and battling a countdown to war, the two McClanes discover that their opposing methods make them unstoppable heroes. Two families go to an open house and can't leave A decent but troubled young man is sent to a psychiatric institution for the criminally insane and soon finds himself in a fight for his life battling ghosts inside his head and very real enemies all around him. Ann, a reclusive elegant lady, with an obsession for butterflies, is befriended by the eerily beautiful young Alice. Using her seductive innocence, Alice establishes a disturbing mother daughter relationship with Ann. Lured into her twisted world, Ann soon discovers that she is not the only recipient of the girl's affections. Confronted by Alice's other lady friends, Ann's shock awakens a dark, hidden past, unchaining a spiral of madness: a series of brutal and bizarre crimes that Ann will have to commit to preserve her harmless and deceptive appearances. The only one who recognizes there's something unsettling about Ann, is nine year old Julie, her next door neighbour's daughter. With the inevitable curiosity of a child, Julie begins to explore the corners of Ann's apartment, discovering a dark secret hidden in the walls of the forbidden butterfly room. No one believes what she's seen except for Ann's daughter. Horrified, she realises that the fate of the young girl lies in her hands. Pot growers Ben and Chon face off against the Mexican drug cartel who kidnapped their shared girlfriend. Quan is a humble London businessman whose long-buried past erupts in a revenge-fueled vendetta when the only person left for him to love - his teenage daughter - dies in a senseless act of politically-motivated terrorism. His relentless search to find the terrorists leads to a cat-and-mouse conflict with a British government official whose own past may hold the clues to the identities of the elusive killers. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. When college students sign up for what seems a simple paid research study, they soon realize their lives are in danger. Unfortunately they've unknowingly volunteered their bodies as human collateral in an ongoing U.S. Military experiment. The body of a young woman whose heart has been ripped out of her chest is found in a remote are in Finland. The finder of the body, a dismissed pastor, hires private investigator Jussi Vares to investigate the crime. Vares uncovers a criminal ring involved in extortion, religious scams, exploitation of minors and stock market speculation. A guy gets more than he bargained for after entering into an affair with the wife of an investment banker. Soon, a suspicious death and substantial life insurance policy embroil him in a scandal. Man drugs, photographs &amp; tortures women he meets by personal ads. One night, a beautiful young woman is brought to the police headquarters on suspicion of murder. Through a detective's interrogation, in the presence of an attorney, her attachment to sexual activities arranged online is discovered. Professor Ayres discovers a secret in an ancient stone and when he opens a crypt, he revives zombies that kill him. He had invited three couples to visit him in his manor to reveal his discovery. However, they never get around to meeting the professor. Out of the blue, the zombies attack them and they seek shelter in the mansion. Jack Brookfield, a gambler with clairvoyant and hypnotic powers, is able to win at cards through his unique gift. But when he inadvertently hypnotizes young Clay Thorne, Thorne kills an enemy of Brookfield's while under a trance. No one believes Brookfield's protestations that Thorne is innocent of any murderous intent, so Brookfield teams up with retired lawyer Martin Prentice in hopes of saving the young man from the gallows. B-movie legend, actress Debbie Wilkins, has just been replaced by a 23 yr old scream queen in her lovers bed. More importantly she's been left out of her lovers new film. Debbie doesn't take rejection well. Afranio is a retired voice actor. Lonely and tormented by memories of his childhood. In her small apartment, looking for a way to re-integrate into society. "Locked in a Room" is a story about three teenagers that are trapped in three separate rooms. They are monitored and watched by a masked man who takes notes on paper as to their every move and emotion. They are further tormented by an eerie voice of someone outside of the room. Throughout, they use their minds to try to think as to why they are there. As time elapses the stakes and chances for survival are slim, but the question remains: who is behind this - the end reveals a startling answer. 3 friends gather together to throw an old fashion Slumber Party like they did in the old days. They begin to tell each other scary stories to liven up the fun. But the fun is leading to something a bit more sinister. After his family is killed by a Serbian gangster with international interests. NYC detective Nick goes to S.E. Asia and teams up with a Thai detective to get revenge and destroy the syndicates human trafficking network. Citadel tells the story of widower and single father Tommy Cowley, a man inflicted with chronic agoraphobia since the day his wife was attacked. He was unable to protect her. He lives in Edenstown, the council estate from hell. Here he finds himself terrorized by a gang of syringe wielding feral children, who are intent on taking his baby daughter. With the help of a kind Nurse and a renegade Priest, Tommy learns the nightmarish truth surrounding these hooded children. He also learns that to be free of his fears, he must finally face the demons of his past and enter the one place he fears the most - The abandoned Tower block known as the Citadel Detectives in a remote town pore through every frame of a troubling tape to find the whereabouts of three missing college students. The chilling footage becomes more and more disturbing when the students come upon the bloody dress of an 8-year-old girl in the secluded wilderness and take it upon themselves to find her. Linking the case of the missing girl and the missing students together, the detectives race to piece enough information together to find them alive. A former agent of the CIA and his estranged daughter go on the run after his employers target them for assassination. After returning from a wedding reception, a couple staying in an isolated vacation house receive a knock on the door in the mid-hours of the night. What ensues is a violent invasion by three strangers, their faces hidden behind masks. The couple find themselves in a violent struggle, in which they go beyond what either of them thought capable in order to survive. Bloom Towne is a small-town sheriff under the thumb of the well-established, deeply influential Mayor Dick Cavanaugh's family. When Bloom's two teenage sons, Nate and Skylar accidentally shoot and kill Dick during a deer-hunt, Bloom's long-held allegiance to the reigning Cavanaugh clan is tested. Skylar (still a minor) decides to take the wrap for his older brother Nate, claiming he fired the fatal shot. The Cavanaugh family's quick retaliation sends Skylar on his way to county jail, soon to be tried as an adult. Desperate and guilt-ridden, Nate breaks Skylar out of jail and sets off a chain of lawless acts, which send them deep into the woods and on the run. Bloom's choice between the law and his sons leads to revelations of old family secrets that threaten to destroy everything he loves. Jasmine French used to be on the top of the heap as a New York socialite, but now is returning to her estranged sister in San Francisco utterly ruined. As Jasmine struggles with her haunting memories of a privileged past bearing dark realities she ignored, she tries to recover in her present. Unfortunately, it all proves a losing battle as Jasmine's narcissistic hangups and their consequences begin to overwhelm her. In doing so, her old pretensions and new deceits begin to foul up everyone's lives, especially her own. More than two decades have passed since Sarah Connor prevented Judgment Day, changed the future, and re-wrote the fate of the human race. Dani Ramos is living a simple life in Mexico City with her brother and father when a highly advanced and deadly new Terminator - a Rev-9 - travels back through time to hunt and kill her. Dani's survival depends on her joining forces with two warriors: Grace, an enhanced super-soldier from the future, and a battle-hardened Sarah Connor. As the Rev-9 ruthlessly destroys everything and everyone in its path on the hunt for Dani, the three are led to a T-800 from Sarah's past that may be their last best hope. Wealthy, sheltered Lina McLaidlaw is swept off her feet by charming ne'er-do-well Johnnie Aysgarth. Though warned that Johnnie is little more than a fortune hunter, Lina marries him anyway and remains loyal to her irresponsible husband as he plows his way from one disreputable business scheme to another. Gradually Lina comes to the conclusion that Johnnie intends to kill her in order to collect her inheritance. The suspicion seems confirmed when Johnnie's business partner dies under mysterious circumstances. After the death of her husband, a penniless woman moves into the home of her Uncle. Strange things begin to occur. Is the house haunted or is it something more? Edgar Allan Poe. For nearly two hundred years his stories of the macabre have shocked and terrified audiences. And now, inspired by five of Poe's most terrifying tales, five filmmakers have banded together to create the ultimate tribute to the master: Edgar Allan Poe's Requiem For The Damned - featuring adaptations of : The Fall of the House of Usher, The Pit and the Pendulum, The Black Cat, The Tell-Tale Heart, The Murders in the Rue Morgue. A documentary covering Firefly's birth, death and rebirth from the perspective of both the fans and the cast and crew of both productions. Raimund Gregorius, having saved a beautiful Portuguese woman from leaping to her death, stumbles upon a mesmerizing book by a Portuguese author, which compels him to suddenly abandon the boring life he has led for years and to embark on an enthralling adventure.  In search of the author, Gregorius acts as detective, pulling together pieces of a puzzle that involves political and emotional intrigue and the highest possible stakes. His voyage is one that transcends time and space, delving into the realms of history, medicine and love, all in search of true meaning to his life. At a wilderness boot camp for difficult teens, the desperate spirit of an alleged suicide victim seeks out the help of a young girl to expose the truth about her death. Master thief Will Montgomery is just released from the State penitentiary after serving a 10 year sentence, is contacted by Vincent, his ex comrade in crime, who is holding Will's teenage daughter ransom in a hijacked taxi cab. Vincent will only surrender her when Will reveals the whereabouts of the 20 million dollars he contrived to conceal from their last robbery. After a former elite agent rescues a 12-year-old Chinese girl who's been abducted, they find themselves in the middle of a standoff between Triads, the Russian Mafia and high-level corrupt New York City politicians and police. This is a sort of documentary made by Vilgot Sjoman about Vilgot Sjoman as a sort of cinematic autobiography aired on Swedish television originally in 1992. When the moral values of a longtime wetwork black ops agent is tested during his last operation, he receives an unfavorable psych evaluation. Now he is given a break and a seemingly uncomplicated assignment of simply protecting the security of a young female code announcer, code resources and remote station they are assigned to. After an ambush and one phone call later, it becomes a complicated fight for their survival. 25 year-old Dwayne McLaren, a former athlete turned auto mechanic, dreams of getting out of tiny Cut Bank, Montana the coldest town in America. But his effort to do so sets in moton a deadly series of events that change his life and the life of the town forever... A twisted suspense thriller about a manipulative teenage girl who convinces her widower/alcoholic/over protective father that the boy she asked out on a date beat and raped her, when in fact he turned down her advances. But no amount of facts can persuade this enraged father. No one hurts Daddy's Girl. A woman and her childhood friend seek out revenge on those who victimized and abused them. A sexually repressed woman's husband is having an affair with her sister. The arrival of a visitor with a rather unusual fetish changes everything. Detective Hazel Micallef hasn't had much to worry about in the sleepy town of Port Dundas until a string of gruesome murders in the surrounding countryside brings her face to face with a serial killer driven by a higher calling. A thriller that follows two siblings who decide to fend for themselves in the wake of a botched casino heist, and their unlikely reunion during another family's Thanksgiving celebration. Samantha believes that her father murdered her mother. In her exhausting search for the truth about her young mother's untimely death 14 years earlier, Samantha receives help from beyond the grave. An FBI agent and an Interpol detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances and reward their audiences with the money. A group of teens sneak out of their high school dance to cruise around and have some unsupervised fun. When their car runs out of gas on a deserted road, they discover an old farmhouse and the cannibal killer living inside. In the dead of night, Donovan drives with his girlfriend, Lucy and several friends to a secret rendezvous in the woods. They believe they are meeting a "healer" who can cure Lucy's cancer, but they grow suspicious when a booby-trap in the road forces them to stop short of their destination. when the driver gets out to investigate he is brutally killed and dragged from the car. Terrified, the remaining friends run for their lives to a deserted cabin, dodging the paramilitary commandos that hunt them as well as the deadly creatures that slaughtered their friends. As the friends die, one by one, they realize too late that Donovan has set them up as bait in exchange for a magic elixir he believes will heal Lucy, but even Donovan is not prepared to pay the price for Lucy's cure. A platoon of eagles and vultures attack Hollywood, California. Why did the eagles and vultures attack? Who will survive? Pedro, a humble beekeeper who lives in the mysterious Argentinian region of the Delta del Tigre, travels to Buenos Aires to visit his twin brother Agustin, a successful but troubled pediatrician with marital issues, to give him bad news and ask him for a favor hard to fulfill, a unexpected arrival which will change Agustin's life forever. The story throws Elvis impersonators, Indians, modern cowboys, a 6-foot-tall blond assassin, a frat boy, a corrupt sheriff and a prostitute into a chase for a priceless American Indian artifact stolen during a poker game at an Indian casino An enigmatic phone call from a psychic catapults a family into a state of suspended belief while waiting for their recently deceased mother to be resurrected. Wealthy thrill-seekers pay huge premiums to have themselves inserted into military adventures, only this time things don't go exactly to plan. When a group of young people camping in the ruins of a medieval Turkish town play a party game called 'Murder in the Dark', they soon discover that someone is taking the game too far...Produced in an experimental shooting style, this murder-mystery features a cast of actors who were not allowed to see the script. The actors' choices interactively changed the shape of the story. They had to use clues to solve the mystery laid out before them by the filmmakers. Set after the events of Continental Drift, Scrat's epic pursuit of his elusive acorn catapults him outside of Earth, where he accidentally sets off a series of cosmic events that transform and threaten the planet. To save themselves from peril, Manny, Sid, Diego, and the rest of the herd leave their home and embark on a quest full of thrills and spills, highs and lows, laughter and adventure while traveling to exotic new lands and encountering a host of colorful new characters. The Algerian is an international political thriller about the colliding worlds of the Middle East and America. It follows Ali (Ben Youcef) across the world from Algeria to New York, Las Vegas and Los Angeles as it reveals he is a sleeper cell part of an international plot. After India's father dies, her Uncle Charlie, who she never knew existed, comes to live with her and her unstable mother. She comes to suspect this mysterious, charming man has ulterior motives and becomes increasingly infatuated with him. A college professor who moonlights as a forensic psychiatrist for the FBI, receives a death threat claiming he has only 88 minutes to live. While digging into their town's infamous past, a group of high school students unwittingly unlock an even darker secret. Now, an evil spirit has been awakened and will stop at nothing to find his true heir. A former Navy SEAL turned CIA operative seeks revenge after his girlfriend is killed by a Baltimore drug lord. Branko is a young man of twenty five, doing a dreary job as a pharmacist in the suburbs of Tirana. He lives under the tutelage of his father, Dr. Sokrat, a socially respected oncologist, owning almost everything in his sons life, including the pharmacy where Branko, in lack of any other job, is compelled to work. Suspecting that she might be his father's secret lover, Branko enters into a romantic relationship with one of Dr. Sokrat's employees, Sara, a young nurse. Accidentally or not, Sara provokes the tense relation of a father and a son, uncovering a silent generational conflict between the two. Pharmakon depicts Branko's journey toward truth and maturity, in a cynical patriarchal system, based upon power hungriness, corruption and lies. When notorious criminal Jacob Sternwood is forced to return to London, it gives detective Max Lewinsky one last chance to take down the man he's always been after. Seventeen years ago, Mike kills a new mother of twin girls and took the babies to a house in the woods, claiming them as his own to appease his wife's desire for kids. 10 years later Stacy flees to her uncle's old secluded cabin in those same woods to escape her abusive boyfriend. There she is haunted by the ghosts of the little girls crying for their mother. When a young resistance fighter witnesses atrocities towards the Jews, he's drawn into a web of espionage and clandestine activities. When he meets a young physics students and resistance journalist - Hans Poley - they embark on a hunt through underground tunnels, Gestapo hijacks and daring rescues. Shannon Whirry stars as Carrie and Terrie, a pair of twins who were separated in youth when their father murdered their mother and was in turn killed by his own bad twin daughter. Now the sweet-natured "good" sister has grown up to marry an abusive louse. Trapped in a sexless relationship, she seeks solace with a therapist (Kristine Kelly), but her problems are about to be compounded when her wicked sister arrives in town, intent on avenging herself on her double for past wrongs. Even the help of a private detective on her side may not be enough when her sister becomes allied with her own husband. Eight years after the disappearance of Cassandra, some disturbing incidents seem to indicate that she's still alive. Police, parents and Cassandra herself, will try to unravel the mystery of her disappearance. Meet Leonard, a man who will help you die with a smile on your face. A young attorney meets his client for the first time, a serial killer known as the "Smiley Face Killer", whose victims all died with a smile on their faces. Phyliss McGee was a wicked woman when she was alive, but now that she's dead, she is far worse. Geno, the grandson of Phyliss, is reunited with his family after her death, but soon discovers that there's something wrong -- what appears to be the dead grandmother is going around with a meat cleaver in hand and butchering family members! Forced to cover it as a journalist, Geno gets too close and soon finds out what his family has been hiding for years... he discovers the FAMILY SECRET! Directed and created by Shane Ryan, the movie was shot shortly after the events which inspired it (15 year old Alyssa Bustamante was convicted of killing her 9 year old neighbor, Elizabeth Olten). Compared to the likes of David Lynch, Larry Clark, Harmony Korine and John Cassavetes, the film dares the audience to watch it, confronting issues with kids and teenagers often sugar-coated by Hollywood. The movie tackles hard-hitting subjects like self mutilation by teen girls, bullying, rape, bulimia (showcasing the actual damage it does to a girl's body) and, of course, the murder. A young woman with a mysterious past lands in Southport, North Carolina where her bond with a widower forces her to confront the dark secret that haunts her. Three high school students make an incredible discovery, leading to their developing uncanny powers beyond their understanding. As they learn to control their abilities and use them to their advantage, their lives start to spin out of control, and their darker sides begin to take over. A Lower East Side bartender becomes entangled in a murder mystery involving a desperate woman, a missing drug dealer and the scion of a powerful investment firm. A journalist gets caught up in a terrorist plot in Moscow while investigating the Russian secret service. Ex-con Johnny is forced into pulling a heist he wants nothing to do with. Mob boss 'Shrewd' Eddie has one million is dirty cash stashed at his home, just waiting to be stolen. But what Johnny doesn't know is that seven other very dangerous criminals also have plans to steal the money... On a relentless quest to avenge his sister's murder, a man from Cape Town infiltrates a sprawling network of lowlifes and elites in Los Angeles. A gang of criminals and corrupt cops plan the murder of a police officer in order to pull off their biggest heist yet across town. Because of him being in strange positions and situations, a man is several times mistaken as other, usually famous people; and now must explain himself to a judge as he has been arrested for impersonation. Two million fish washed ashore. One thousand blackbirds dropped from the sky. On July 4, 2009 a deadly menace swept through the quaint seaside town of Claridge, Maryland, but the harrowing story of what happened that Independence Day has never been told--until now. The authorities believed they had buried the truth about the tragedy that claimed over 700 human lives. Now, three years later, a reporter has emerged with footage revealing the cover-up and an unimaginable killer: a mysterious parasitic outbreak. Told from the perspective of those who were there and saw what happened, The Bay unfolds over 24 hours through people's iPhones, Androids, 911 calls, webcams, and whatever else could be used to document the nightmare in Claridge. What follows is a nerve-shredding tale of a small town plunged into absolute terror. Everyone knows his name but what is the true story behind the man? Inventor, innovator, iconoclast; Steve Jobs was all of these and more. Now find out the gripping truth behind this 21st Century icon as celebrities and leaders in the world of business talk candidly about the seismic impact that he has had on our entire way of life. Discover what drove the man both personally and professionally, the obstacles he had to overcome and the story behind his final battle that would leave the world bereft of a very modern genius. His vision was singular, his focus unshakeable, and in this unmissable film we see how one man would change the way we all communicate... forever. This is Steve Jobs, a visionary genius. After going down in the fifth round, boxer Bud Gordon bowed out of the limelight. Now residing in a fixer-upper apartment in New Jersey with his girlfriend, Bud longs for his former Manhattan glory. In an effort to get back in the game, he makes a deal with a crooked restaurateur. But quick schemes rarely bring easy pay-offs and as the consequences of his business negotiations unfold, Bud has to make a choice between his integrity and his aspirations. A clan of watermen capture a crew of sport fishermen who must then fight for their lives. A socially-challenged hitman's French retirement is ruined by the dodgy Brits on the Cote d'Azur. 8-year-old Jimmy finds comfort and protection in the form of his imaginary friend, Solomon Grundy. Upon reaching adulthood, Jimmy finds that his invisible friend has not gone away. A New York University professor returns from a rescue mission to the Amazon rainforest with the footage shot by a lost team of documentarians who were making a film about the area's local cannibal tribes. In Marseilles, France in 1794, Desiree Clary, a young millinery clerk, becomes infatuated with Napoleon Bonaparte, but winds up wedding Genaral Jean-Baptiste Berandotte, an aid to Napoleon who later joins the forces that bring about the Emperor's downfall. Josephine Beauharnais, a worldly courtesan marries Napoleon and becomes Empress of France, but is then cast aside by her spouse when she proves unable to produce an heir to the throne. JIM TAHANA doesn't leave much of an impression when he passes you by. But look closer and you'll sense his hunger - the deep hunger of an insatiable American soul - always scanning to devour something - anything that might fill the searing, unexplained void within him. Jim obsesses over the hobby that has been part of his DNA since he was a young boy: grief tourism - the act of traveling with the intent to visit places of tragedy or disaster. Every year his week-long vacations from work are spent going to grief tourist locations in the lives of different serial killers he is fascinated with. This years obsession is Carl Marznap, a mass murder from New Orleans, Louisiana. But this trip is no ordinary vacation as Jim's rancid sexual impulses and weakening grip on reality deteriorate into a violent despair that will ultimately unlock an unspeakable secret festering within him, bringing The Grief Tourist to it's brutal and shocking finale... ZayVian, a teenager, guilty over the death of his twin brother, commits negative acts in order to gain the attention of his parents. He seeks absolution for the murder. His ultimate decision an impact on eight other troubled teens that changes their lives forever. An haunting story of a boy trying to reclaim a lost hope with no assistance from anyone. Written By Sehjada In this story inspired by real characters, three girls from America, Nigeria and India are trafficked through an elaborate global network and enslaved in a Texas brothel, and must together attempt a daring escape to reclaim their freedom. Christmas Eve. On his way to his in-laws with his family, Frank Harrington decides to try a shortcut, for the first time in 20 years. It turns out to be the biggest mistake of his life. It is the year 2022. A mysterious systems failure causes the crew of a spaceship to be stranded on the dark side of the moon, while rapidly running out of fuel and oxygen. They are surprised to discover a NASA space shuttle floating in space, and board it in the hope of salvaging some supplies. One by one, the crew is possessed and killed, and it is up to Paxton Warner to find the links between the dark side of the moon, the Bermuda Triangle, and the Devil himself. Detective Ben Nolan is sent to investigate the story of a convicted prostitute and known drug dealer Linda Grossel. Linda explains that she was kidnapped and held captive for weeks. As the investigation unfolds, Linda's sanity is put to question, leaving Ben to decide whether to go on with the investigation or leave Linda to the fate of the prison system. The shadow of war follows a troubled Iraq War vet as he is forced to pursue one of his own into the Pacific Northwest wilderness to finally confront a war crime that has haunted them both. Michael Wolffsen (Tyler Mane) receives an urgent phone call and takes his nephew and fiancee and makes the journey home to his only other living relative: his estranged, eccentric (and extremely paranoid) father, Gary (Muse Watson), who is obsessed with building an unassailable compound. Once they arrive at Gary's modest home, surrounded by acres and acres of grounds full of cameras and other security sensors, Michael is surprised and concerned to learn that his father is in the early stages of dementia.  The house is now also covered in supernatural and occult symbols. Welcome to the compound, COMPOUND FRACTURE. Will the stronghold that was designed to save them be their everlasting tomb? The City of Salem, Massachusetts is visited by a coven of ancient witches.  When flaky novelist Mario turns up one day at the school where Daniel teaches, the educator is convinced the writer is a spirit from his repressed past, buried deep in his subconscious. As children, the two might almost have been brothers. But the marriage between Daniel's father and Mario's mother never materialised. This unexpected re-encounter brings both families together. When Mario slits his wrists and dies, Daniel and his wife Laura provide a home for the dead man's daughter. Laura, who is childless, loves the girl from the moment they meet, but Daniel feels increasingly nervous around her. The demons of his past guilt continue to torment him. Daniel suffers agonies - until things come to a head during a show down in the mountains. A maverick New York hedge fund trader with uncanny analytic abilities moves to Hong Kong and orchestrates a mega-deal that swiftly escalates beyond his control. A short horror in which a nine-year-old boy kills his parents. The role of supernatural forces becomes apparent as the dark plot of this cleverly crafted narrative unfolds.  Johan and Saar make a final attempt to save their marriage by going on vacation to Buenos Aires. In keeping a promise to their daughter they will make a video of their activities there. When they accidentally witness (and videotape) a brutal murder they will have to run to stay alive. Writer and Adderall enthusiast Stephen Elliott reaches a low point when his estranged father resurfaces, claiming that Stephen has fabricated much of the dark childhood that that fuels his writing. Adrift in the precarious gray area of memory, Stephen is led by three sources of inspiration: a new romance, the best friend who shares his history, and a murder trial that reminds him more than a little of his own story. Based on the memoir of the same name. The Woods in Marion N.Y. have a past. Hunters report unusual activity, hikers describe chilling experiences , parents warn their children to avoid the woods, and the lucky few who survive the woods alone have all gone insane. When a young girl does not heed her parents warning, she goes missing in the woods. Three friends decide to document their search for the truth. What they witness can't be explained. In the end only one is left wandering Awake In The Woods! In a woods filled with magic and fairy tale characters, a baker and his wife set out to end the curse put on them by their neighbor, a spiteful witch. A mentally-disturbed aspiring actor returning to New York City discovers the world of social media and faces the horrifying power of the Internet. Blackboard animation Qualia seeks for the essence of experience. There is no such thing as same feeling, same pain, same colour. Qualia is always subjective. The essence of universal experience is unreachable. When a disgraced architect awakens from a coma, he is confronted by an agent of evil with a proposition; kill five people to reconcile his life's misdeeds and live, or decline the offer and die. As he proceeds with his grim assignment and begins collecting the fifth and final soul, he learns that his pact may have eternally horrifying consequences... When a seemingly abandoned alien spacecraft is discovered orbiting Neptune, a top secret expedition is sent to investigate. In the derelict hulk they discover two surviving alien life forms telepathically linked to one other.  13 years later a savvy, ex-DEA agent and martial arts expert finds herself renditioned to a high security establishment on a remote island where they are conducting experiments on the incarcerated aliens. A story centered on a young woman is targeted by her family for an "honour killing" and the bounty hunter who takes the job. In the center of the plot - a young family who moved to a new apartment on the outskirts of the city. The nanny hired by them for the newborn daughter quickly gained confidence. However, the older boy, Egor, talks about the frightening behavior of a woman, but his parents do not believe him. The surveillance cameras installed by the father for comfort only confirm - everything is in order. Then one day, Egor, returning home, finds no trace of either the nanny or the little sister, and the parents are in a strange trance and do not even remember that they had a daughter. Then Egor, together with his friends, goes in search, during which it turns out that the nanny is an ancient Slavic demon, popularly known as Yaga. Sean Reynolds, a highly acclaimed investigative journalist (who strongly believed in paranormal phenomena), destroyed his career when the most watched episode of his reality show, based on paranormal phenomena, turned out to be a hoax. Sean saw a news report on a "Bigfoot Hunter" (Carl Drybeck) who claimed to possess the body of a dead Sasquatch. He believes Drybeck is a phony and decides to create a new show that reveals people's paranormal claims as hoaxes. Sean assembles his old film crew and heads to Northern California's "Lost Coast" to meet with and interview Drybeck. Obsessed, Sean is staking his comeback, his life and the lives of his documentary film crew on proving Drybeck's claim to be a hoax. Chris is a psychic who lives his life out of order - experiencing past, present and future as a jigsaw puzzle. But when he commits a murder in the future, he has to change his past and present in order to prevent it from happening. An anthropology student takes some of his classmates to his family ranch, where his brother lives in a haze of drugs, guilt, and Chumash Indian rituals (IMDb.com) A twenty something has a psychotic break while quitting smoking. At the center of corruption is the Federal Reserve who has gained enormous amounts of control over America's economy, with disastrous effects beginning to show. Standing opposite, is the band of Rebels who have vowed to take back the freedom they once knew...and they won't go down without a fight. Monetary mayhem. Explosions. Romance. Silver Circle plans to take liberty filmmaking to a whole other level. Arkin escapes with his life from the vicious grips of "The Collector" during an entrapment party where he adds beautiful Elena to his "Collection." Instead of recovering from the trauma, Arkin is suddenly abducted from the hospital by mercenaries hired by Elena's wealthy father. Arkin is blackmailed to team up with the mercenaries and track down The Collector's booby trapped warehouse and save Elena. Three friends on a wilderness excursion must outrun a white collar criminal hellbent on retrieving his cash, but soon their greed turns them against each other. A modern re-telling of Treasure of the Sierra Madre (1948). Al Roberts, a New York nightclub pianist, hitch-hikes to Hollywood to meet his girlfriend Sue. The gambler he's riding with, Charles, unexpectedly dies. Afraid the police wouldn't believe the truth, Al takes the man's identity. In a gas station, he gives a lift to Vera, a woman that knew Charles and blackmails Al with tragic consequences. Edgar is a young upper-middle class man, close to completing 30 years old, he lives a full life crisis and is in a position common to the vast majority of Brazilians. On the one hand the power, represented by a corrupt state, abusive and absent in their taxes before their obligations. On the other, crime increasingly organized violence became a constant in the lives of citizens in large cities. Edgar responds to all this as a modern vigilante. With the help of ingredients such as technology, counter-information and manipulation, Edgar concocts a brilliant plan, using the greed of their opponents as the reason for its destruction. As the plot unfolds, we know more about the dark past of each character as Edgar fit the pieces together in an intriguing puzzle that makes up the film's plot. Amanda Crew stars as Leigh Parrish, a successful actress on a trip home to visit her small town roots.  While dodging the careful eye of her manager (Dustin Milligan), Leigh, steps out from the lights and cameras and into the shadows of her old life, confronting her unsavory past and ex-employer, Maurice (Kim Coates). A London detective tracking a serial killer finds the killers "truth or die" methods take him to New York to solve the case. The film concentrates on the camaraderie and the divisions between the troops as they ready for the big offensive. Told in a taut narrative, the men of the 101st, led by Van Johnson, wait out the winter in the Ardennes forest to confront the German army in what would be the last major offensive of World War II. The men are demoralized and trapped, with no hope of support from the Allies. Young Anna is from Romania and old Noun is from Egypt. They are neighbours in a rundown building in Paris. They share the same interest in idle news but they hate to talk about themselves. Yet, old secrets are unveiled, little by little. The film ricochets in different directions. Fiction, biography, animation, mystery, detective story - the life of Monsieur Noun has too many stories in it to be captured in one form. Set in Inner Mongolia, a physical setback causes a young woman to choose a suitor who can take care of her, as well as her disabled husband. A diver is aided in his search for sunken treasure by beautiful mermaids.  A gang of ruthless highway killers kidnap a wealthy couple traveling cross country only to shockingly discover that things are not what they seem. Four friends head to Vegas for a 21st birthday in hopes of finding adventure, debauchery and memories that will last them a lifetime. A troubled hedge fund magnate, desperate to complete the sale of his trading empire, makes an error that forces him to turn to an unlikely person for help. Jackie Cogan is an enforcer hired to restore order after three dumb guys rob a Mob protected card game, causing the local criminal economy to collapse. A radio talk show host unravels a conspiracy about encounters with mysterious beings known as The Shadow People and their role in the unexplained deaths of several hundred victims in the 1980s. Mr. Church reunites the Expendables for what should be an easy paycheck, but when one of their men is murdered on the job, their quest for revenge puts them deep in enemy territory and up against an unexpected threat. Desperate to put the traumatic loss of their infant child behind them, newlywed couple Khalid and Salama return to their home in the United Arab Emirates. Unknown to the couple, their new luxury apartment block, Al Hamra, was built on the site of an old abandoned fishing village of the same name. Legend has it the village was abandoned after manevolant beings haunted its inhabitants. Unsettled by her new surroundings and the eerie hallways of Al Hamra, Khalid worries his wife is failing to battle her personal demons - but could it be something far more sinister? A group of college students escape their troubled lives but only to find themselves fighting for their lives from a revenge seeking mad man. Set in 1990s Belfast, a woman is forced to betray all she believes in for the sake of her son. When Duke Evans, out of work NSA analyst, is evicted from his home he moves his family to his grandfather's old cabin. However here they are also threatened when a hellish cyber-attack is unleashed on the US rendering anything with a computer chip useless. He must now keep his family alive, fight off would be thieves and a newly corrupted government and ultimately make the hardest decision of his life- to survive. Written by Patterson, Matt (V) A Harvard Medical School graduate takes a position at a mental institution and soon becomes obsessed with a female mental patient, but he has no idea of a recent and horrifying staffing change. When a mafia accountant is taken hostage on his beat, a police officer - wracked by guilt from a prior stint as a negotiator - must negotiate the standoff, even as his own family is held captive by the mob. Lloyd, a lonely Peeping Tom, is propositioned to murder a woman. Armed with a hammer, he sets about the grisly deed, only to discover that his mark is a Peeping Tom herself. In the back streets of a tourist town in present-day Southeast Asia, we find a filthy cinder block room; a bed with soiled sheets; a little girl waits for the next man. Alex (Dermot Mulroney), a human trafficking investigator, plays the role of her next customer as he negotiates with the pimp for the use of the child. Claire (Mira Sorvino), Alex's wife, is caught up in the flow of her new life in Southeast Asia and her role as a volunteer in an aftercare shelter for rescued girls where lives of local neighborhood girl's freedoms and dignity are threatened. Parallel story lines intertwine and unfold twists against the backdrop of the dangerous human trafficking world, in a story of struggle, life, hope and redemption in the "TRADE of INNOCENTS." Four stories that are more than just myths or fairy tales. These are urban legends with endings that are far from happy. Inspired by true events, "God's Slave" is the story of Ahmed and David, two extremist characters, one Islamic and the other Jewish, who cross their paths while being in the opposite side of the conflict in the A.M.I.A bombings that took place in 1994 in Buenos Aires. An epic adventure about the last five children on Earth discovering the truth behind the malevolent forces of mother nature. The film follows a group of daring friends in a coming of age adventure. When Maya disappears, Pak and Coral darinly lead the group in a thrilling race against time to find her. The story of a young, gay black con artist who, posing as the son of Sidney Poitier, cunningly maneuvers his way into the lives of a white, upper-class New York family. For thousands of years, evidence of life after death has eluded mankind. Science is about to change that. With the help of a physicist, a blind medium, and Thomas Edison's final experiment, Brayden Taylor embarks on a quest to contact his deceased fiancee. For his love to transcend dimensions, he must defy the laws of quantum physics. He must defy the balance nature demands. He must defy ... Einstein's God Model. Four teenagers go looking for a legendary haunted house that gives you money back for every floor you can complete. Once finding it, they realize the house is much more terrifying than a normal Halloween attraction - the house knows each of their secrets and one by one uses them against the teens. Stranded in a Void after their plane crashed, Nick, Barbara, and Leo are forced to face their daemons while struggling for survival in hope they would be rescued. Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. Criminal psychologist Kate Fuller is assigned to the murder of a man who has seemingly been strangled in his sleep by his wife and the only witness is their eight-year-old daughter, Sophie. As Kate digs into the mystery of an ancient demon which kills people in their sleep, she experiences the same petrifying symptoms as all previous victims and spirals through a chilling nightmare to save herself and Sophie before she dares fall asleep again. Joey Boca is the owner of a pizza parlor located in Tacoma, Washington, and has been married to Rosalie for years. Rosalie is horrified to discover that Joey is a womanizer and has been cheating on her for a long time. Based on the true story of Frances and Anthony Toto. Feeling confined by their small town and overbearing parents, Annie and Jules hatch a scheme of running away. The only issue is, they need the money to get there. Jules suggests the couple try webcam modeling. Although she's nervous at first, Annie can't argue when the money starts rolling in. But as the girls soon find out, consequences can blindside you. Sometimes violently. It's the last night of the fall semester, and all over campus parties are raging.  While alcohol flows, Richard and Shawn argue over what to do with Noopie, the mysterious upperclassman passed out on their floor. After a blizzard seals them in the dorm with a handful of hapless friends, Noopie awakes and uses a mix of drugs, booze and sex to manipulate the group to their physical and emotional breaking points over the longest, most dangerous night of their young lives. Will it be their last? In June of 1994, one of the most brutal mass slaughters in history occurred in the backwoods of northern New England. Four months later, history is about to repeat itself. The end of summer signals the brink of manhood for a group of lifelong friends who proudly call New Hampshire their home. But when they embark upon a local rite of passage - traveling north for one final weekend of debauchery together - it just might prove to be their final weekend PERIOD, as this rite is doomed to go frightfully wrong. When they find themselves ensnared in a struggle for survival amongst a sinister hunting party, a bloodthirsty tribe AND a mythical beast, what began as a comedy of errors devolves into an all-out Darwinian duel to the death, and less than 24 hours will pass before a slew of lives have been claimed and the last of the living remains. Four friends leave NYC for Catskill Park and hear something unearthly during their camping trip. In Assassin's Bullet, Slater plays Robert Diggs, a black ops agent who comes to work for Ambassador Ashdown (Hunger Games star Donald Sutherland), tracking down a vigilante assassin in Eastern Europe. The maverick hit(wo)man has been taking out high-profile targets on the U.S. hit list, and Diggs must uncover the killer's identity before there's an international incident. The usual game of cat and mouse ensues. In the year 2022, a ruthless prison warden has created the ultimate solution for his most troublesome and violent inmates: Absolom, a secret jungle island where prisoners are abandoned and left to die. But Marine Captain John Robbins, convicted of murdering a commanding officer, is determined to escape the island in order to reveal the truth behind his murderous actions and clear his name. A man is brought back from death at the same time a vicious criminal dies in the electric chair. However, the man's soul is now taken over by the electrocuted gangster, who embarks on a vengeful crime wave. Nell Bowen, the spirited protege of rich Lord Mortimer, becomes interested in the conditions of notorious St. Mary's of Bethlehem Asylum (Bedlam). Nell attempts to bring support to reforming Bedlam, but the cruel Master Sims who runs it has her committed there instead. Young single mother Diana struggles to provide for her child and pay for her college education. She ends up working at a shoe store, but meets two strippers from a nearby gentlemen's club who convince her there's fast money to be made stripping. At the Players Club, however, Diana faces danger and heartbreak. Journalist Christine Pelisek helps law enforcement investigate the alleged serial killer known as the Grim Sleeper. A stranger with a haunted past shows up unannounced at the home of Hollywood's hottest horror director, and is determined to teach him what real horror is all about. A war criminal in hiding forms a relationship with his only connection to the outside world - his maid. Told over one horrifying night, Deviation will take you on a white-knuckle journey into the mind of Frank Norton, a dangerous schizophrenic murderer as he escapes from Broadmoor Hospital and embarks on a murderous rampage across London. But when Frankie takes a hostage, the deadly game of cat-and-mouse truly begins. It's Halloween. Time for the annual fall fair. Everyone is excited and ready to have fun. Clancy The Clown has something different in mind. Russell Carpenter reluctantly admits his wife Sadie into an experimental treatment facility for her life threatening disease. While locked in this prison like surrounding they, along with 6 others, are unknowingly subjected to a cure that might just be worse than the disease itself Part war movie, part courtroom thriller, this gripping drama finds a war hero put on trial for a rescue mission gone terribly wrong with only his doubtful friend and fellow marine to represent him. A recent college graduate flees to Paris after a break-up, where his involvement with a prostitute begins to reveal a potentially dark recent past. A couple and their young son retreat to their woodland vacation home, only to face sinister neighbors who intend to kill them and steal their identities. A chronicle of the decade-long hunt for al-Qaeda terrorist leader Osama bin Laden after the September 2001 attacks, and his death at the hands of the Navy S.E.A.L. Team 6 in May, 2011. A teenage boy discovers the perpetrators of several brutal kidnappings in his home town. When Harry Poole tries out a new medication for Bipolar Disorder, he is reborn as "Edward Grey", a seductive but dangerous alter ego who dramatically takes over his life, changing the young man and those around him forever. While covering the annual Nobel Banquet for tabloid Kvallspressen, crime reporter Annika Bengtzon witnesses a spectacular murder right in front of her. Two people are shot, one of them the controversial Laureate in Medicine, Aaron Wiesel. Annika is the key witness and is bound by the police not to disclose anything she has seen. A terrorist group with connections to the Middle East quickly admits responsibility for the murder. International press is all over the story, as are the police. A horror / comedy that stars Hollywood B-Movie star Conrad Brooks ("Plan 9 from Outer Space") as Ricky, the perverted owner of an ice cream shop, decides to make his female employees ("The Scoopettes") dress sexy to lure customers. The "Scoopettes" are so hot the ice cream will never stay hard but everyone leaves with a smile and much much more! It becomes apparent that someone doesn't like Ricky's success when one of the Scoopettes is found murdered in the ice cream freezer. The killings of the girls continue one at a time. And the customers' are finding a little extra in their ice cream! The story of Jorge, an ambitious hacker with few scruples, which is discovered to divert money from the company where he works and decides to flee. In flight, turns out to have an accident during a snowstorm and, despite being in despair, eventually finding a home. A psychiatrist involved in a radical new therapy comes under suspicion when his patients are murdered, each according to their individual phobias. Tony is a notorious gangster with a big problem. He has woken up in an abandoned farmhouse, with blood on his shirt, and no memory of how he got there. He stumbles into a small town and discovers he's in an Italian village that seems to be lost in time. The USS Enterprise crew explores the furthest reaches of uncharted space, where they encounter a mysterious new enemy who puts them and everything the Federation stands for to the test. Wendy Alden, a young secretary in Portland lacking in self- confidence becomes victim of a savage killer who has claimed the lives of a number of other women. Somehow Wendy finds the resources of courage to fight back and escape. Samantha Holt had the perfect life with a handsome fiancee and a future that couldn't look brighter. But an unexpected turn on a dark lonely road puts her on a collision course with Bruce Miller, a devoted family man who descends into madness when he loses everything he ever cared about. One year later, Bruce decides to give Samantha the punishment he believes she escaped. Samantha has struggled with her own demons since that fateful night, and Bruce will take her struggles to the edge when he implements a demented plan to teach her a twisted lesson that may cost her the ultimate price. An ex-soldier and his wife witness a brutal murder during their camping holiday, and find themselves hunted by the killers. However, the former soldier has plans of his own... As darkness falls, the enemy scours the woods for the couple, unaware of the chilling fate that awaits them. A psychopathic killer is on the loose dressed in a grim reaper robe and a skull mask. At first, the kills seem at random. But as the police investigate further, one girl seems to be the link between the killings and the victims, they start to believe she could be the killer. But many likely suspects and red herrings make a complicated case. Death strikes, Then The Night Comes. Jocelyn hunts down the men responsible for building the perfect assassin. On the night of her wedding, Brooke Porter finds herself pursued by a vicious psychopath, only to find her night grow worse from there. Horror anthology featuring nerve shattering short horror stories, that will make your bones freeze. Gabriel, a professor of philosophy and logic of night school, which runs through marital problems, and that when he meet a new young student who suddenly disappear after she closer to the prophetic drawings of Benjamin Solari Parravicini, will be immersed in trying to understand the meaning of these drawings, embarking with his cousin Tony, a story of suspense, intrigue and drama. Shawn Stone is having a bad day. The funding for his film project is not there, his personal life is in shambles, he's out of time and money. He sees only one way to solve his problems - he must turn to the dark side and ask the King of Porn for some cash A documentary about the making of the 2001 Hip-Hop album "Disposable Arts" A small town is haunted by the twin daughters of a wrongfully convicted man. Young Jordan is sent down the path to who the real killer is only to find the killer is very close to her. A group of elite female bank robbers are thrown into a Mexican stand off when they discover that someone on their team might be a snitch for the cops... Billy and Lucy have grown up together in a small, close-knit Australian country town, where they form one of the town's most formidable Ute driving teams. When Billy takes one risky car stunt too far, Lucy declares she is moving to the city - sending Billy into a spin. Amid the mayhem of the town's annual "Bachelors and Spinsters" party, Billy only has one night to wake up to his true feelings for his best friend - or lose her forever. Spin Out is a fresh, feel-good comedy romance for the young and the young at heart. When out-on-bail mob boss Bellavance discovers that $500,000 of his money is missing, he sends four hardcore hit men to send a "loud and messy" message to the suspected thieves' families. But when the killers invade the Rutledge home, they'll meet the household's emotionally disturbed young son Owen. Owen has a history of violent behavior, knows how to make lethal booby-traps and is about to teach these thugs some deadly lessons in extreme vengeance. A teenager finds her perfect life upended when she's stalked by a mysterious doppelganger who has her eyes set on assuming her identity. Condredge Holloway, one of the most celebrated athletes in Tennessee Volunteers history, is the subject of a Kenny Chesney-produced film that documents the life and career of the SEC's first African-American starting quarterback. A motorcycle stunt rider considers committing a crime in order to provide for his wife and child, an act that puts him on a collision course with a cop-turned-politician. A down to earth school psychologist tries to help a mentally ill student who actually believes his brother is coming back from the grave for revenge on the students who killed him. Justice needs to be served at Britain's most notorious young offenders institute. Vidya Bagchi (Vidya Balan) arrives in Kolkata from London to find her missing husband Arnab Bagchi. Seven months pregnant and alone in a festive city, she begins a relentless search for her husband. With nothing to rely on except fragments from her memories about him, all clues seem to reach a dead end when everyone tries to convince Vidya that her husband does not exist. She slowly realises that nothing is what it seems. In a city soaked in lies, Vidya is determined to unravel the truth about her husband - for herself and her unborn child - even at the cost of her own life. The true story of the Long Island teen who shoots and wounds the wife of a man she called her lover. David O'Hara is a troubled medical student who kidnaps, rapes and murders women. He impregnates one of his victims, Melissa Daniels, in an attempt to replace the family that he lost as a young boy. However, the police rescue Melissa from David's warehouse, and David goes on a murderous rampage to get his family back. Time is unraveling, paradoxes are everywhere, and strangers with terrifying technologies are on the hunt. A thrilling, original, ultra indie full-length sci-fi movie that is the story of Sally Biggs, an FBI agent who has the power to rewind time. Her scientist husband has disappeared mysteriously, and the closer she gets to finding him, the more dangerous her life becomes. To save the future and her loved ones, Sally must enter a battlefield she never knew existed. Fortunately, she's a 95er. Surrounded by bizarre timespace paradoxes and hunted by terrifying forces from the future, Sally must discover the earth-shattering truth behind it all before her very being fades out of reality. Inspired by actual events, this thriller unravels the mystery of a single mother who believes a shocking family tragedy was caused by dangerously dark forces. A con-artist feigning illness to live off of disability checks finds his scam unraveling when his wife suddenly disappears. A town in south of Sweden is isolated after a viral outbreak. The Swedes and immigrants still inside must band together to survive the onslaught. The events occur between 4:45 am and 6:15 am in the Colombian jungle. Mark, an American contractor wakes up doped, tortured and hung up by the arms next to a local prostitute that acts as interpreter whilst the kidnappers want to hack a 60 billion dollars bank account. Mark is forced to play a no-win game. Time is not on his side and the only thing missing is the password, the problem is: give it or not, Mark is meat dead Detectives use clues from various recording devices to piece together events surrounding a massacre involving bus passengers at an abandoned gas station. The rivalry between the manipulative boss of an advertising agency and her talented protegee escalates from stealing credit to public humiliation to murder. Sick Boy stars Skye McCole Bartusiak as Lucy, a young woman who steps in for a friend to take a job babysitting a young boy confined to his room due to a mysterious illness. Lucy begins to suspect the child's mother, played by horror legend Debbie Rochon, is hiding something--the truth turns out to be far worse than she could imagine. Based on the classic works of Edgar Allan Poe, directors Bart Mastronardi &amp; Alan Rowe Kelly have assembled an award-winning cast and crew for the highly anticipated film TALES OF POE. A unique new spin on three of Poe's popular stories (The Tell Tale Heart, The Cask of Amontillado &amp; Dreams), Mastronardi &amp; Kelly weave together a compelling &amp; suspenseful anthology that will captivate Poe enthusiasts &amp; horror fans alike! A true story, Bela Kiss was one of the the most brutal serial killers, who killed 23 young women during the beginning of the first World War. The blood-drained bodies were found in metal barrels, conserved in alcohol. According to rumors, he was still seen decades later, in different parts of the world. He never was found and so the whereabouts of this man are unknown, even today. Almost a century later, five bank robbers search for a hideaway in a remote hotel, as they flee from the police. Brutal and unforeseen events take overhand and build a bridge to the past. The assumed safe house turns into a nightmare... is Bela Kiss still alive? Carmen lives in the world of dreams. Her biggest dream dreams is to find her lost son. An unavoidable fate and cruel people present themselves as Carmen is entering the world by herself. On the run with the law on their trail, America's most anguished vampire family heads to England to find an ancient vampire clan. What they find instead could tear their family, and their throats, apart forever. A young boy named Roscoe finds a portal to another world where he is taught magic by an elder demon known as Dimwos. Dimwos raises the boy into manhood, revealing to him many secrets. Jamie and Christian are giving their marriage one last shot for the sake of love and their young son, Dylan. But when Christian proves unable to hold up his end, forces both within and outside their relationship will decide their future (IMDb.com). To avenge his father's death, a circus entertainer trained in magic and acrobatics turns thief to take down a corrupt bank in Chicago. Two cops from Mumbai are assigned to the case. In the 1970s, a British sound technician is brought to Italy to work on the sound effects for a gruesome horror film. His nightmarish task slowly takes over his psyche, driving him to confront his own past. A teenage boy is gunned down outside a nightclub and a young girl dies in a hit and run in two seemingly unrelated deaths. Deeva Jani, returns home to clear her brother Vipon of the shooting and soon discovers a much deeper conspiracy. One year ago, Agnes Rickover attended opening night at the Bates Motel and Haunted Hayride to see her best friend Lily's dramatic debut. A horrific accident resulted in Agnes witnessing Lily's fiery death in a spectacle gone wrong. After a year of obsessing over a murder investigation everyone else thinks is open and shut, Agnes goes to work at the Haunt in an attempt confront her trauma. Horrific events begin to claim the lives of her coworkers and Agnes must figure out what is behind all of the "accidents" before more people die. Canadian scientist, Dr Geoff Burton takes up a position at a new institute in wintry Dresden in order to contribute to their most important project--a human regeneration gene--that also has the potential to make something miraculous out of a personal tragedy that has haunted him for years. A young couple on a weekend getaway inadvertently intrude on a criminal couple's remote hideout, triggering a violent battle for freedom. Escape attempts, shifts of power, relationship issues and a looming secret fuel this confrontational encounter. There's a dark side behind the bright lights of Las Vegas, where desperate lives and busted dreams struggle in the shadows to survive. And when a sleazy casino owner swipes $20 million from his employees' health insurance and pension funds, ex-pro-baseball-player-turned-casino-electrician Nick and his co-workers put together a daring plan to steal the money back. But in a lowdown town of underground cage fights, smoky strip clubs and deadly double-crosses, can the perfect heist ever go as planned? Written by Francisco Menendez Friends head off to the remote island of Martha's Vineyard to celebrate New Year's Eve and reconnect. As tensions rise, an unforeseen presence halts celebrations and instead turns their holiday into a fight to live through to the new year. Good policing doesn't necessarily mean doing everything by the book. But as the business of crime in London turns to favour the Albanians and Turks, how does a "good" policeman survive? A look at the relationship between WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange and his early supporter and eventual colleague Daniel Domscheit-Berg, and how the website's growth and influence led to an irreparable rift between the two friends. Charlie Rankin, recently released from prison, seeks vengeance for his jail-house mentor William "The Buddha" Pettigrew. Along the way, he meets the ethereal, yet streetwise, Florence Jane. They embark on a unlikely road trip, careening towards an unlikely redemption and uncertain resolution. A troubled young woman becomes obsessed with her mysterious new neighbor, who bears a striking resemblance to the girl's dead mother. With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent. A single mom in the 1970s raises her two daughters and becomes involved in illegal drug trade to make a better life. A soldier returns home to New York to solve the mystery behind his younger brother's sudden violent death. A police officer and a psychologist investigate the deaths of five people who were killed while trying to summon ghosts. Plot unknown Barbara Hershey stars as Carla Moran, a hard-working single mother until the night she is raped in her bedroom by someone - or something - that she cannot see. Despite skeptical psychiatrists, she is repeatedly attacked in her car, in the bath, and in front of her children. Could this be a case of hysteria, a manifestation of childhood sexual trauma, or something even more horrific? A young girl and the babysitter she's idolized for years accidentally kill the older girl's ex-boyfriend. Dr. Elson Po is one of the world's most famous wine grower. He has a magic potion which has kept him handsome and alive during the centuries. However, the magic which rejuvenates him seem to be less and less effective. As a side project he make movies and invites a group of young, aspiring actors to his island for a party, believing that the young, handsome actress Jezebel can be his new source of life. Written by Mattias Thuresson A thriller centered on a family taken hostage by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia. Captain Glass of the USS Arkansas discovers that a coup d'etat is taking place in Russia, so he and his crew join an elite group working on the ground to prevent a war. Ray Liotta stars as Jack Malloy, a hardcore career criminal until a near-death experience causes him to turn his world around. But when his former partner Drake is released from prison, he tracks Jack down to blackmail him into one last job. Jack is a new man determined to lead an honest life. Drake is a charming psycho intent on vengeance. Sometimes, old friends can carry some extreme baggage. And for one of them, coming to terms with the past is going to be murder. Vanessa Gray and Andy McPhee co-star in this taut action/drama about good intentions, dark secrets and the harsh consequences of BAD KARMA. Patagonia, 1960. A German physician meets an Argentinean family and follows them on the  long desert road to Bariloche where Eva, Enzo and their three children are going to open a  lodging house by the Nahuel Huapi lake. This model family reawakens his obsession with  purity and perfection, in particular Lilith, a 12 year-old with a body too small for her age.  Unaware of his true identity, they accept him as their first guest. They are all gradually  won over by this charismatic man, by his elegant manners, his scientific knowledge and his  money -- until they discover they are living with one of the biggest criminals of all times. For five men, the opportunity to share a penthouse in the city -- in which to carry on extramarital affairs -- is a dream come true, until the dead body of an unknown woman turns up. Realizing that her killer must be one of their group, the men are gripped by paranoia as each one suspects another. Friendships are tested, loyalties are questioned, and marriages crumble while fear and suspicion run rampant. Kurdish-Iranian poet Sahel has just been released from a thirty-year prison sentence in Iran. Now the one thing keeping him going is the thought of finding his wife, who thinks he's been dead for over twenty years. A group of unprepared weekend hikers go missing while snowshoeing in the Catskill Mountains. When Englishman Jonathan Harker visits the exotic castle of Count Dracula, he is entranced by the mysterious aristocrat. But upon learning that the count has sinister designs on his wife, Mina, Harker seeks help from vampire slayer Van Helsing. Fresh off the success of her first horror novel, Jessie is revered by the literaly world as the next Stephen King. While her editor anxiously awaits her next novel, she is suffering from writer's block. Out of fear of becoming a one-hit novelist, Jessie ventures to her deceased aunt's cabin in the woods to find inspiration for her new book. Having not visited in many years, Jessie has no memory of her childhood summers at the cabin or her time spent in the surrounding woods. But when darkness falls on Jessie's first night alone in the cabin, her memories begin to awaken. A dark presence resides here; one that seems to be watching Jessie every move and one that she has always been afraid of. A series of erotic, bizarre and terrifying events that force Jessie to question her own reality. When a bloodied and incoherent Jun (Wang Baoqiang) confesses to five murders that have not occurred, the police assume that he's mentally unstable and ignore his claims. Police detective Han (Lau Ching-wan) is investigating a series of gruesome murders, but soon discovers that all is not as it seems and that not only are the murders connected, but that Jun is tied to them in some way. After a strange sighting, four friends decide to move in the near woodlands to investigate. Soon their week-end becomes a nightmare and a race for survival. London is cut up and manipulated in this highly structured, emotionally compelling piece about the UK's capital city and its capacity to alienate and atomise people. Images printed using custom-made equipment at the London Filmmakers' Co-op stagger forward and back in precise rhythms and establish both a spatial and emotional map of the various night-time locations seen here. Carl Hamilton manages to infiltrate an international gang that has stolen advanced Swedish GPS-guided missiles. But the league is subjected to a sudden deadly attack by a well drilled group of mercenaries of unknown clients. Hamilton escapes the massacre, but the rockets have disappeared without a trace. Swedish intelligence officer Carl Hamilton's 7-year-old goddaughter Nathalie is kidnapped. When the kidnapping's underlying motive becomes known, the Swedish authorities assume a passive role, forcing Hamilton to action. With the help of international contacts, Hamilton manages to get them on track. Hamilton, along with some military colleagues, plans a daring rescue mission. Six captive office workers are literally chained to their desks by a demented, escaped serial killer; former regional manager Thomas Reddmann (Redd). He assigns his 'human resources' the impossible task of proving his innocence or suffering gruesome consequences. Independent British thriller starring Dougray Scott and Kara Tointon. Lewis (Scott), an overworked doctor, is on his way home from London with his young son Max (Joshua Kaynama). Clearly exhausted from his work, Lewis decides to take a nap on the train while an attractive young woman (Tointon) watches over his son. When he wakes, all but a few passengers have alighted and he realises that the train is not stopping to let anyone else off. Determined to get to the bottom of the mystery, Lewis goes to investigate and finds that the train has been taken over by an unstable driver who is hellbent on destroying the vehicle along with all the remaining passengers on board. Inspired by the true-life experience of its star George Takei, Allegiance follows one family's extraordinary journey in this untold American story following the events of Pearl Harbor. Their loyalty was questioned, their freedom taken away, but their spirit could never be broken. A pretty eighteen year-old puts herself and her family in danger when she leads a double life as an erotic web cam model. In the mid to late 90's, the Reykjavik crime and drug scene saw a drastic change from a relatively small and innocent world into a much more aggressive and violent one.. The film tells the story of this change through the fictional gang of pushers that took control of Iceland's underworld. In 1988, Philadelphia police officer Thomas "Locke" Lockhart, hungry to become a detective, begins tracking a serial killer whose crimes defy scientific explanation. When the killer mysteriously resurfaces nine years later, Locke's obsession with finding the truth threatens to destroy his career, his family, and possibly his sanity. A father's quiet retreat to the woods with his two children turns into a fight for survival. Directed by Gabriele Salvatores, Amnesia takes place in the Spanish island of Ibiza, where an odd mix of commercialism, ex-hippies, fisherman, and artists co-exist. Town locals Sandro (Diego Abatantunono), a pornographic film director, and Angelino (Sergio Rubini), the manager of a beachside watering hole, find their very different lives overlapping. Meanwhile, the island police chief (Juanjo Puigcorbe), who is currently at odds with his rebellious son Jorge (Ruben Ochandiano), is investigating the death of a drug dealer (which was accidentally brought on by Angelino). Jorge's plans to move to America have so far been thwarted by his father, but when he finds out about the affair his dad had been having with a male nightclub dancer, he uses it as blackmail fodder. Battling insomnia and undiagnosed PTSD, a war veteran works nights as a projectionist at a decrepit theater. While struggling to adapt to civilian life, he soon finds himself tangled in an inescapable web of seduction, addiction, and violence. Five highly qualified applicants interview for a coveted job with the Carcharias Corporation, a powerful conglomerate whose business practices are shrouded in mystery. On the night before the last round of interviews, they are all kidnapped and drugged. The next day, they wake up trapped together in a locked room without any hope of escape. Soon the true nature of their situation is revealed when they receive a phone call from the mysterious CEO of Carcharias, known only as The Employer. He informs them that they are about to experience the final interview, but it's not at all what they were expecting. "My first film, THE PATH, was based on a dream about a group of people on an 'outing' or a picnic. The people in the dream meet and greet one another and then walk around and through old houses, barns, and buildings. Inside these structures they pass by other people involved in various activities. A woman is folding clothes. A man is making paintings. A young girl is sitting in front of a mirror trying on different necklaces." - Richard Myers Climate scenario where temperature rise causes hallucinogenic heat-stroke resulting in tropical mirages and double vision. The main focus in the videoworks 'Level', 'Temperature Rising' and 'Bloomberg' has been image and sound as equal units. This means that I'm trying not to put sound to image or image to sound but to work with the two in a parallel process where a motion can start in a picture and end up moving through sound. My interest in movements travelling through time in image and sound developed during my studies in visual art and electro-acoustic music. An exorcism comedy which follows the Order of Hellbound Saints (Brooklyn Parish), a highly secretive and profoundly blasphemous men of God, as they battle demonic forces too terrible to be cast out by traditional Vatican-approved methods. On New Year's eve in London, a provocative game spins out of control and ends in murder, the true killer elusive amidst conflicting testimony and hidden motives. On a stormy Saturday afternoon, six students from Crestview Academy begin to meet horrible fates as they serve out their detentions. Is a fellow student to blame, or perhaps Crestview's alleged ghosts are behind the terrible acts? Based on the best selling autobiography by Irish expat Frank McCourt, Angela's Ashes follows the experiences of young Frankie and his family as they try against all odds to escape the poverty endemic in the slums of pre-war Limerick. The film opens with the family in Brooklyn, but following the death of one of Frankie's siblings, they return home, only to find the situation there even worse. Prejudice against Frankie's Northern Irish father makes his search for employment in the Republic difficult despite his having fought for the IRA, and when he does find money, he spends the money on drink. A geneticist wakes up from an accident with only fragments of his memory is forced to relearn who he is via his twin brother. But as he digs deeper, he discovers he might not be who he thought at all. As the devoutly single Don Johnston is dumped by his latest girlfriend, he receives an anonymous pink letter informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. Long time friends George and Phinneas share a duplex in Los Angeles. Their Russian landlord, Mr. Romanovsky lives in the upstairs unit. George's girlfriend Kim and her friend Olivia come over and after some drinking, they bring out a Ouija board. That night, Phinneas begins to exhibit disturbing nocturnal behaviour. As George investigates more into his friends behaviour, he suspects  that his friend has become possessed by a dark entity A tailor's apprentice burns Count Broko's clothes while ironing them and the tailor fires him. Later, the tailor discovers a note explaining that the count cannot attend a dance party, so he dresses as such to take his place; but the apprentice has also gone to the mansion where the party is celebrated and bumps into the tailor in disguise... An operative for an elite private intelligence firm finds her priorities irrevocably changed after she is tasked with infiltrating an anarchist group known for executing covert attacks upon major corporations. The comic strip detective finds his life vastly complicated when Breathless Mahoney makes advances towards him while he is trying to battle Big Boy Caprice's united mob. Tragedy strikes married couple Paul and Lily, when Lily's father dies. Lily has her father cremated, brings the urn home and now Paul has to come to terms with the death of his father-in-law whom he had despised. The situation gets a bit frayed when the lid to the urn mysteriously disappears, and Paul begins to experience happenings no one else is aware of. A news crew is taken hostage on an airplane set to take off from the Seychelles. November 17, 1988, is a day of mourning for some... and for others, a lucrative opportunity. On that date, eight university students were found murdered in the old arts building at the college. An anonymous source told police the 20-somethings were in the midst of a local role-playing game, called Chill. The name of the game is to stay alive. But for the players that November evening, few would be getting up for another round. But when a scheming student decides to profit from the tragedy and revive the whodunit game as a web series, the new players soon discover, for some, this game is still all too real... The documentarial work on world wide famous flamenco dancer Sara Barba's latest show "voices" Ungodly brutal beatings turns Chris, a young man, into a fiend that sets off a bloody, like never before seen, rampage.  Beauty is truly only skin deep - Watch a young paraplegic, whose body is also wrecked with spinal bifida, fight for her life as her older, beautiful sister tries to murder her. It's been 36 years since Jesse's loving mother was raped by his biological father. Now, after hiding and running their entire lives in fear of this murderous rapist --- He has found them!  A group of Christian teenagers are stalked, mamed and burned by a local legend in a haunted forest. Three legendary serial killers terrorize downtown Los Angeles by murdering countless innocent souls and the killer plan is to go out with a real bang. There's nothing like the sweltering heat of summer to set off a massacre. The Summer of Massacre is a 100 mph slasher ride that never slows down. Packed with enough gore and insanity to send you looking for your barf bag. In the 21th century getting hold of natural resources of emerging countries, is no matter of war--it is a matter of complex financial actions. And the power of governments behind the events has been replaced by the power of holding companies. Nowadays you don't conquer a country. You buy it. "Short story of long betrayals" is again set in the Republic of Queimada, where in the "Salar de Queimada" (a salt lake) lies 50% of lithium in the whole world. Not surprisingly, there is an international interest in its fate and a breathless fight to seize it. A troubled teen is torn between a girl who loves him and a mysterious stranger who pushes him to kill. The explorer craft USS Palomino is returning to Earth after a fruitless 18-month search for extra-terrestrial life when the crew comes upon a supposedly lost ship, the USS Cygnus, hovering near a black hole. The ship is controlled by Dr. Hans Reinhardt and his monstrous robot companion, but the initial wonderment and awe the Palomino crew feel for the ship and its resistance to the power of the black hole turn to horror as they uncover Reinhardt's plans. A family returns from a Grand Canyon vacation with a supernatural presence in tow. Jamie, a young American exchange student in rural France, finds herself in the middle of a love triangle as she and the host family's wayward daughter fall for the same boy. As dangerous lies and dark family secrets surface, Jamie becomes the unsuspecting victim of a game of sexual intrigue. Private eye Joe Dancer finds himself framed for manslaughter while trying to uncover a Hollywood scandal that could ruin a studio and destroy a top star's career. After being hypnotized by his sister in law, Tom Witzky begins seeing haunting visions of a girl's ghost and a mystery begins to unfold around her. A seasoned assassin plays both sides in a Russian gang war and becomes the target of an unknown enemy. A high class lady from Brazil falls into a fake kidnapping scam when she answers a stranger's phone call. Believing that one of her daughters has been kidnapped, she is guided by a terrifying voice for 12 hours through the cities of Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. When Chelsea meets up with her estranged childhood best friend, Milla, she's unprepared for the events that follow. Milla, who is now a webcam girl briefly catches Chelsea on camera during one of her shows. Unbeknownst to her, Chelsea has now been exposed to a watcher who becomes obsessed and will stop at nothing to have her to himself. A detective investigates a murder, only to find that the victim is... himself. Soon, he discovers multiple versions of himself, not all of them friendly. When a group of teenagers goes on a spring break camping trip, an unfortunate accident sets off a race to save their friend's most prized possession. A young rich orphan loses his fiancee to voodoo doll mischief on the part of his housekeeper who is jealous of his attentions. He digs his girlfriend up, cleans her out, stuffs her, and puts her in bed at the mansion. Following this, he tries out and disposes of a series of young maidens, trying to find the right replacement for her, and the disapproving housekeeper helps him with the disposals. Arthur and his two children, Kathy and Bobby, inherit his Uncle Cyrus's estate: a glass house that serves as a prison to 12 ghosts. When the family, accompanied by Bobby's Nanny and an attorney, enter the house they find themselves trapped inside an evil machine "designed by the devil and powered by the dead" to open the Eye of Hell. Aided by Dennis, a ghost hunter, and his rival Kalina, a ghost rights activist out to set the ghosts free, the group must do what they can to get out of the house alive. Chronicling the genesis of one of rock's most outrageous figures, this nostalgic look at Marilyn Manson's career contains some of his earliest performances as he shared the stage with Daisy Berkowitz, Gidget Gein and Madonna Wayne Gacy. Showing Manson's promise as he launched what would become a legendary career, the video features vintage footage from 1989 and 1990. Tracks include "Misery Machine," "Lunchbox," "Thrift" and "Cyclops." Made during Bergman's tax-related exile in Germany, the film continues the story of Katarina and Peter Egermann, the feuding, childless, professional couple who appear in one episode of "Scenes From A Marriage." After Peter perpetrates a horrendous crime in its first scene, the rest of the film consists of a non-linear examination of his motivations, incorporating a police psychological investigation, scenes from the Egermanns' married life, and dream sequences. Vikram is a happy-go-lucky management student from a top Business School of India. He becomes an overnight sensation after a successful internet campaign against the radical fundamentalism of moral policing in India. This prompts his university teacher - Professor Ranjan Batki, to throw him a challenge for yet another internet campaign that would help raise money via a non-profit Pottery Club for poor people living in Maoists areas of India. Little does Vikram know that he is about to become a part of a plot that would risk his life and the nation. He gets entangled between two corrupt facets of India - Socialism and Capitalism, both of which are deeply rooted in India. It's a story inspired from true life incidents of Underbelly India. A psychological thriller set in a small town in the rolling plains of Northeastern Oklahoma, focusing on a series of homicides along Highway 177. The murders cause a strained relationship between highway patrol officer Trooper Ferguson and local police chief Tom Parker, who are both personally invested in finding the killer. In efforts to solve the murders and put the town at ease, the lives of the two men converge through a series of encounters, as well as a startling revelation as the truth surfaces. A young couple travels to a deserted town to try and find their mysterious uncle, only to discover that ghosts are real and very dangerous. A young and inexperienced priest encourages a family to declare their long-missing son dead, but once they do, the boy mysteriously returns, testing the priest's commitment to church doctrine over the laws of the natural world. David Billa a refugee comes to Rameswaram in Tamil Nadu and his journey begins into crime. Initially he starts as a local diamond smuggler. He eventually meets Abbasi, an underworld don in Goa and helps him out in a deal and wins his favor. For one of Abbasi's deals Billa goes to Georgia where he meets a ruthless international don Demitri. They get acquainted that creates a rift between Abbasi and Billa. A challenge is thrown by Billa to Abbasi and he starts building his own empire, which eventually results in Billa crossing swords with Demitri himself. The bloody battle begins in Goa and ends in Georgia. When a seemingly fun party goes horribly awry, a group of teenagers must decide their fates. Quiz Show is a 1994 American historical drama film which tells the true story of the Twenty One quiz show scandal of the 1950s. Ella discovers a terrifying secret when she becomes trapped in an underground storage facility. To survive she must join forces with a group of strangers, each with something to hide. Framed in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover, upstanding banker Andy Dufresne begins a new life at the Shawshank prison, where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. During his long stretch in prison, Dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named Red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope. An American girl on holiday in the English countryside with her family finds herself in hiding and fighting for her survival as war breaks out. In the menacing inferno of the old American West, Liz is a genuine survivor who is hunted by a vengeful preacher for a crime she didn't commit. The villains from the popular animated Disney films are gathered at the House of Mouse with plans to take over. Soon, the villains take over the house and kick out Mickey, Donald and Goofy. It's all up to Mickey and his friends to overthrow evil and return the House of Mouse to normal--or as close to normal as it gets. After a woman shoots a man to death, a damning letter she wrote raises suspicions. A romantic thriller set during the armed robbery of one of London's most exclusive jewellers. Sometimes funny, often dark, always captivating and never what you expect. A Polish detective becomes suspicious of a controversial author when the incidents described in his unpublished novel resemble the inner workings of an unsolved murder. Charlie, his sexy girlfriend, and his moronic best friend drink, drug, and self-destruct over the course of one day at Charlie's father home in Los Angeles. Despite the threat of war in the fall of 1939, the Germans decide to launch a sea expedition in search of evidence for Pangaea. Although the multi national geologists embark enthusiastically on their research mission, the growing political tension between their countries soon affects their work. With Britain and France declaring war on Germany, the civilian scientists now find themselves mere pawns in a global power struggle. An entry-level employee at a powerful corporation finds himself occupying a corner office, but at a dangerous price--he must spy on his boss's old mentor to secure for him a multi-billion dollar advantage. A thief with a unique code of professional ethics is double-crossed by his crew and left for dead. Assuming a new disguise and forming an unlikely alliance with a woman on the inside, he looks to hijack the score of the crew's latest heist. American and British friends studying in Finland decide to take up an offer to travel to the Arctic Circle and experience the mysterious, pagan celebration of Midsummer's Eve. Bill Buckle has had a dream--he wants to buy back the family fishing boat, the Cascade, which the family had to sell years ago to pay for his father's funeral. However, the boat is now owned by a trio of fishermen, and their plans for the boat don't coincide with Bill's at all. Ever since US Diplomatic Security Service Agent Hobbs and lawless outcast Shaw first faced off, they just have swapped smacks and bad words. But when cyber-genetically enhanced anarchist Brixton's ruthless actions threaten the future of humanity, both join forces to defeat him. (A spin-off of "The Fate of the Furious," focusing on Johnson's Luke Hobbs and Statham's Deckard Shaw.) An ex-cop whose only goal is to assassinate a state senator and collect $100,000 dollars. Marilyn Bellows, the senator's wife, orders the hit. Marilyn will go to any extreme - lust, betrayal, and even murder to get what she wants. Commercial airline pilot Whip Whitaker has a problem with drugs and alcohol, though so far he's managed to complete his flights safely. His luck runs out when a disastrous mechanical malfunction sends his plane hurtling toward the ground. Whip pulls off a miraculous crash-landing that results in only six lives lost. Shaken to the core, Whip vows to get sober -- but when the crash investigation exposes his addiction, he finds himself in an even worse situation. An ex-Hollywood screenwriter now teaching an evening class in New York finds himself in a battle of wits with a devious screenwriter student. Hema loves nature so much. He wrote love letter to nature using his typewriter. He also made mural to show his love of nature. One day, he met Starla. In 6 hours, he fell in love with this girl. Hema realize that there is more than nature to be in love with. Hema and Starla are getting closer. Until Starla started to go away from Hema. The daughter of the lord of the village and a poor herdsman cannot get married for traditional reasons, but the village elders find a way out of this dilemma: if the herdsman manages to make his thirsty sheep cross the river without drinking from the water then the marriage will be allowed. A young refugee of the Sudanese Civil War who wins a lottery for relocation to the United States with three other lost boys. Encountering the modern world for the first time, they develop an unlikely friendship with a brash American woman assigned to help them, but the young man struggles to adjust to this new life and his feelings of guilt about the brother he left behind. A parolee becomes the target of a massive police manhunt after inadvertently picking up a rental car with a female whistleblower tied up in the trunk. Now, as the police attempt to silence the woman before she can testify about the city's rampant corruption, the ex-con who just regained his freedom must defend her life, and clear his own name. Lucille and Joe have moved to Gozo, a tiny island in the Mediterranean Sea, off the coast of Malta. They have a nice car, a steady income, a beautiful farmhouse with breathtaking views and a swimming pool. They seem to have it all. But when a young tourist goes missing on the island, Joe's disquieted conscience begins to get the better of him. As the buried horrors of Lucille and Joe's past resurface, the cracks begin to show in their homespun paradise. Victor is a killer. Witnessing the brutal death of his parents at the age of seven has turned Victor into a monster. No one is safe in his path of destruction... Except Maxi. Or is she? ... Abby Russell, a beautiful, dedicated nurse with a sinister side, has a secret life in which she targets and punishes dishonest men. ZOMBEX tells the story of a post-Katrina New Orleans as it deals with a new disaster, a zombie apocalypse. NOLA residents are no longer experiencing the depression and post-traumatic stress due to the trauma of the hurricane, thanks to the revolutionary ZOMBEX - a rogue, yet, "clinically-proven" anti-depressant pharmaceutical manufactured by a nefarious organization. For those who call the Big Easy their home, everything is just now turning around for them. Or, could it just be the drug, ZOMBEX, talking... Just as things are turning around for the city and its people, they once again must face a disaster of epic proportions. Only this time, they're dealing with the prospect of losing the people of New Orleans as they turn into the city's walking dead. ENTRANCE is about the limits of our perception, how the things lurking on the periphery of our lives can lead to horrific conclusions; about how she fell out of love with the city, but it wouldn't let her go. A teen seductress pulls three other privileged Malibu kids into her devious scheme, and unforeseen consequences force the group to face their own fears and mortality. Dave and Emma have found the perfect house, until they discover a stash of heroine and end up imprisoned in it by violent thugs. The tango king Harry Koivikko was found dead six years ago in a sleazebag motel, with a knife is his back. The biggest manhunt in the county faded away without results.  Jussi Vares gets a phone call from a down-and-out journalist; the informant tells Vares he knows the murderer. Then the journalist disappears without a trace and Vares has to face the biggest challenge of his career. To add insult to the injury, an old acquaintance Veikko Hopea gets his first prison furlough... A drug pusher grows increasingly desperate after a botched deal leaves him with a large debt to a ruthless drug lord. When Maggie's sister Jenna saddles her with an autistic newborn named Cody she touches Maggie's heart and becomes the daughter she has always longed for. But six years later Jenna suddenly re-enters her life and, with her mysterious new husband, Eric Stark, abducts Cody. Despite the fact that Maggie has no legal rights to Cody, FBI agent John Travis takes up her cause when he realizes that Cody shares the same birth date as several other recently murdered children. Angie, a young Brazilian artist, abandons her old life and embarks on a journey around the country. Running from her past, and searching for her foundation in life, Angie finds not only herself but love in its many forms. The haunted Captain of a Soviet submarine holds the fate of the world in his hands. Forced to leave his family behind, he is charged with leading a covert mission cloaked in mystery. Found footage helps a true-crime novelist realize how and why a family was murdered in his new home, though his discoveries put his entire family in the path of a supernatural entity. Matt, with the assistance of his new friend Riley, is moving out to Los Angeles California to fulfill his dream of making movies. Everything is off to a good start! That is until Matt's childhood best friend Chaps decides to crash the road trip and invite himself along. When old friends don't mix well with new friends, jealousy enters the picture. And if that wasn't enough to put a damper on the road trip, a menacing hitchhiker turns their world upside down leading to a maddening chase that spins wildly out of control. On the surface, Kate and Jack, late 20's, are happy. But like everyone, they carry secrets that neither of them is prepared to reveal. After their wedding, they wake from a deep, dark sleep, each alone in a sealed room with no doors or windows, just a projection screen and a monitor with two buttons: one for "yes", one for "no". As the horror of their situation unfolds, surveillance films showing their life together, appear on the screen as the monitor asks questions, each more strange and terrifying that the last. It soon becomes apparent that a bizarre test of their relationship is underway, and the secrets revealed lead them deeper and deeper into what could not just destroy their love, but threaten their very lives... A CIA assassin attempts to break out of the contract killing business to try to lead a normal life. But when "the system" tracks her down and frames her for the death of her husband, she embarks on a path of revenge that leads her back into the life she tried to hard to abandon. After a massive shootout, a mysterious stranger (Van Damme) arrives at a local hospital on the brink of death. Then, a foreign gang brazenly comes to the hospital to hunt him down. His nurse, the sole surviving witness to the follow-up shootout, must face an FBI interrogation that unlocks a plot of international intrigue and revenge. With enough twists and turns, KILL'EM ALL will keep you guessing until the final bullet is fired. A group of young friends make an incomprehensible discovery in an abandoned mine, but the more they try to change the future, the more they seal their fate. Due to a near-fatal accident that has left her incapacitated and depleted of her long-term memory, a temporarily wheelchair-bound woman returns home after being abroad for six years accompanied by her bohemian boyfriend, the apparent cause of the accident. Unable to remember her family or her own childhood, she sets out, with the help of her boyfriend, to find the reason for her leaving all those years ago and quickly discovers her relatives may not be as loving as she'd thought In remote Chile, a vacationing young woman begins to mentally unravel; meanwhile, her friends ignore her claim until it's too late. Three childhood friends set aside their personal issues and reunite for a girls' weekend on a remote island off the coast of Maine. One wrong move turns their weekend getaway into a deadly fight for survival. Based on the graphic novel by James Jones, The Thin Red Line tells the story of a group of men, an Army Rifle company called C-for-Charlie, who change, suffer, and ultimately make essential discoveries about themselves during the fierce World War II battle of Guadalcanal. It follows their journey, from the surprise of an unopposed landing, through the bloody and exhausting battles that follow, to the ultimate departure of those who survived. A powerful frontline cast - including Sean Penn, Nick Nolte, Woody Harrelson and George Clooney - explodes into action in this hauntingly realistic view of military and moral chaos in the Pacific during World War II. On an isolated farm in Apartheid South Africa two lovers find themselves at risk of losing everything to a big city lawyer; they will stop at nothing to prevent him from exposing a dark family secret. Karan and Arjun reincarnate in the different parts of the country. But the faith of their previous mother brings them together in order to avenge their death. A supernatural thriller directed by Todd Alcott who co-wrote the script with Holly Golden, and features Michael Rady and Toby Huss. Golden produced the film along with Ilan Arboleda. The film revolves around Lucy, who has a new husband, a new home and a new baby, but old ghosts won't let her be. She has dedicated her life to helping families break the cycle of abuse, so when she and her husband, Wade, see the echoes of a violent family tragedy in their home, Lucy tries to help the tortured souls break free of their torment and move on. She finds, however, that these ghosts don't want her help -- they want to lead Lucy and her family to their doom. Complicated and bizarre story of Ana (Haien Qiu), a chinese born in Argentina which, unexpectedly, is pursued by the danger.  Accidentally she becomes involved in an affair of the Chinese triads established in Argentina, they confuse her with one of their own. To get rid of them flee the country, but what is not known is that in the meadow, things have changed, is desert. All she find are rabbits, not anyone, but some mutants turned into bloodthirsty carnivores. Belfast police conduct a door-to-door manhunt for an IRA gunman wounded in a daring robbery. What would you do on the last day on Earth?  With the end of the world only hours away, the self-absorbed James heads to the ultimate party-to-end-all-parties. On his way there, he saves the life of a young girl named Rose who is searching desperately for her missing father. This simple act sets James on a path to redemption. A family gathers for a happy reunion and marriage announcement on Christmas Day at an isolated mansion in the Philippine mountains only to encounter a series of bizarre, demonic, and tragic events.  Master car thieves square off against French gangsters in the South of France with money, women and lives all on the line. On a secretive outing to a bizarre strip club, Tom Kingsford, (Tom Sizemore) is unaware that his life is about to take a dramatic turn. Club owner and real estate mogul, William O'Toole (Ryan O'Neal) is a sadistic voyeur whose desire for fear and torture is put to the test as the night's dirty deeds return to haunt him. Things quickly turn dark when, what seems like an innocent shortcut through a haunted cemetery is actually a set up, and the group is placed in the middle of an existing crime scene. An American ex-con with Mexican underworld ties ensnares a pair of young misfits into a dangerous heist in Mexico. Inspired by true events. A horror movie about the mysterious happenings that happen to a pair of sisters after watching an unidentified video. Directed by Kim Tae-kyeong, Park Bo-yeong plays Se-hee who tries to save her sister Jeong-mi, her boyfriend Joo Won and Kang Byeol plays the sister. Belle, her little sister, and her comatose twin brother move into a new house with their single mother Joan in order to save money to help pay for her brother's expensive healthcare. But when strange phenomena begin to occur in the house including the miraculous recovery of her brother, Belle begins to suspect her Mother isn't telling her everything and soon realizes they just moved into the infamous Amityville house. When a couple discovers that a brass teapot makes them money whenever they hurt themselves, they must come to terms with how far they are willing to go. On the last day of the first manned mission to Mars, a crew member of Tantalus Base believes he has made an astounding discovery - fossilized evidence of bacterial life. Unwilling to let the relief crew claims all the glory, he disobeys orders to pack up and goes out on an unauthorized expedition to collect further samples. But a routine excavation turns to disaster when the porous ground collapses and he falls into a deep crevice and near certain death. His devastated colleagues attempt to recover his body. However, when another vanishes, they start to suspect that the life-form they have discovered is not without danger. An ancient skeleton has been discovered in Jerusalem in a rich man's tomb. Colouration of the wrist and leg bones indicates the cause of death was crucifiction. other signs, include a gold coin bearing the marks of Pontius Pilate and faint markings around the skull, lead authorities to suspect that these could be the bones of Jesus Christ. Politicians, clerics, religious extremists and those using terror as a means to an end, find their beliefs and identities tested while risking their lives to unearth the truth..... The Ghost Club, an ancient organization of ghost explorers that included Charles Dickens and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle continue there brand in a prime time ghost show. Impressive debut feature from writer director Inon Shampanier. A man needs to convince his kidknappers that they have got the wrong person before they deliver him to his death. Set in the competitive world of modern agriculture, ambitious Henry Whipple wants his rebellious son Dean to help expand his family's farming empire. However, Dean has his sights set on becoming a professional race car driver. When a high-stakes investigation into their business is exposed, father and son are pushed into an unexpected situation that threatens the family's entire livelihood. Taylor Evans, a successful, pretty modern day woman is finding her world rapidly collapsing around her as a sudden and unexplained phobia to water grips her psyche, shattering her fragile world. In desperation to save herself, Taylor reaches out to Dr. John Cane, a cast out phobia specialist, and ally of the worst kind. Dr. Cane, a notorious psychiatrist whose recent prominence and rise in the medical community is linked to a successful but controversial behavior analysis treatment he's pioneered on a desolate island. Reluctantly, Dr. Cane agrees to treat Taylor's irrational fear of water but on the sole condition the treatment take place on the remote island for her safety and wellbeing. On the island nothing is ever what it seems. After a premature birth. Carla, a new mother, will face his ghosts of the past and move into the old family farm, set in an austere environment. In a city where streets are overrun by drug dealers, those who have sworn to uphold the law are breaking it to better suit their own needs. Naresh K plays a detective (Sleaze), a veteran officer whose methods of enforcing the law are questionable, if not corrupt. 'PSEUDO' follows Sleaze as he takes the law in his own hands and co-ordinates a series of raids with his gang of friends. Ethical dilemmas arise when things go wrong and friends turn on each other as a game of cat and mouse ensues During an all-night, drug-fueled party at an abandoned asylum known for the horrific treatment of its patients, a group of ordinary teens decide to experiment with the occult, mysteriously leading to a violent possession. In an effort to find help, the group rushes to escape, only to find themselves locked inside with no means of communication. Tempers flare, trusts are broken and in attempt to save one of their friends possessed by the demon, the amateurs try to perform an exorcism. Instead of solving the problem, and unbeknownst to them, they unleash an even more powerful and vengeful spirit, one with a distinct motive and which wants them all dead. The teen's only chance of survival is to uncover the asylum's deep mysteries and find a way out before it's too late. Austrian journalist asks her editor to send her to Bosnia and Herzegovina in order to investigate disappearance of girl. After she betrays a powerful mob boss, a woman matches wits and weaponry with a legion of killers who are out to collect the bounty on the heads of her and her family. Chris is a once promising high school athlete whose life is turned upside down following a tragic accident. As he tries to maintain a normal life, he takes a job as a janitor at a bank, where he ultimately finds himself caught up in a planned heist. NFA is a psychological drama feature length film about a regular guy, married, kid, job, who wakes up one morning to find himself alone in a hostel for homeless people and no idea how he got there. Disgraced Top Gun fighter pilot Butch Masters leads a rogue squad in recovery of a WMD. Masters must navigate a fractured friendship, a love triangle, and must take to the skies to reclaim his military and personal honor. TV reporter Natasha McGrath is sent to a remote area. Along with her small crew and a couple of campers, they encounter a man who watches, taunts and kills them one by one: repeatedly. Based on Mary Gaitskill's acclaimed best-selling book, BAD BEHAVIOR centers on the lives and loves of three siblings and the lower East Side of Manhattan in the early 1990s. A dispossessed, violent man's life is a disastrous attempt to exist outside the social order. Successively deprived of parents and homes and with few other ties, he descends to the level of a cave dweller and falls deeper into crime and degradation. London, modern day: Joe, a mild mannered young man is bored by his life. When his beloved brother is murdered Joe finds solace in Piggy, one of his brother's old friends. Piggy helps Joe to cope with grief, intent on saving him and helping him get justice for his brother's killing. As their friendship grows Joe finds himself in an increasing dangerous and murky world of violence and revenge. As Joe life collapses around him he starts to question who Piggy really is, and how honest he's really been with him. When Joe confronts Piggy a series of events are put in place that lead to a disastrous climax. Written by Anonymous  (IMDb.com). When struggling artist Colson finds his muse in sultry singer Fran, their daring romance spirals out of control into a dangerous game of deception and betrayal. Frank (Nick Barkla, The Secret Life of Us) meets Madaline (Laura Gordon, Saw V) at a cocktail party held at a World Bank conference. He's a foreign correspondent whose recent work in Mali has left him traumatised. As the erotic connection between Frank and Madaline deepens, each gradually reveal secrets from their past that could have deadly consequences. The sensual, politically charged Embedded is an exciting anomaly in Australian cinema, marking a promising directorial debut for Sewell. Fifteen years ago, Edwin went to clown camp to fulfill his lifelong dream of bringing laughter to the world... but nobody laughed. Humiliated on graduation night, Edwin viciously murdered the entire camp before vanishing into legend. Now, despite the warnings of the town drunk, old man Bonzo has reopened the ranch and a new class of clowns have unwittingly signed up. When their die-hard instructor Sgt. Funnybone (Miguel Martinez, The Donor Conspiracy) is found dead in a puddle of cream pie and blood, the curriculum changes from comedy to survival! Edwin slashes, stabs, strangles, and disembowels the clowns while laughing insanely at his own bad jokes. A scanner discovers a plot by renegade elements in the city government to take power with the help of evil scanners. During a failed art heist, the Djinn is once again liberated. This time, to complete the 1001 wishes that he needs before the final 3, he lets himself go to prison, where he starts his evil reign twisting the hopes of the prisoners. Meanwhile, the woman who set him free accidentally, Morgana, tries to find a way to stop him, aided by a young priest. In a world where past meets present and the present gets lost in time, reality is blurred for 5 College psychology students who are pushing all boundaries during an ESP experiment over a lost weekend... This movie's plot revolves around a Joseph Alex I.A.S (Mammootty) in the lead role. A Pakistan military group under Maj. Abu Jalal Rana trespasses Indian waters targeting New Delhi. Delivery tells the story of Kyle and Rachel Massy, a young couple who agree to document their first pregnancy for a family-oriented reality show. The production spirals out-of-control after the cameras capture a series of unexplained events, leading Rachel to believe that a malevolent spirit has possessed their unborn child. Desmond Doyle is devastated when his wife abandons their family on the day after Christmas. His unemployment and the fact that there is no woman in the house to care for the children, Evelyn, Dermot and Maurice, make it clear to the authorities that his is an untenable situation. The Catholic Church and the Irish courts decide to put the Doyle children into Church-run orphanages. In the near future, Frank, a police officer, discovers that the legalization of all recreational drugs comes with a price. War hero turned villain George Martin escapes from prison, but he is handcuffed to a naive young crook Willie Stannard. After using a clever plan to obtain railway tickets, and with the police, and the press in hot pursuit, George has to find a way of breaking loose from Willie, and to make his escape. Beneath the fake blood and cheap masks of countless haunted house attractions across the country, there are whispers of truly terrifying alternatives. Looking to find an authentic, blood-curdling good fright for Halloween, five friends set off on a road trip in an RV to track down these underground Haunts. Just when their search seems to reach a dead end, strange and disturbing things start happening and it becomes clear that the Haunt has come to them... Kevin and Derek hit the road from Chicago to show their film in the CineVegas film festival. Sort of. The world top bodyguard gets a new client, a hit man who must testify at the International Court of Justice. They must put their differences aside and work together to make it to the trial on time. Following the murder of his fiancee, Mitch Rapp trains under the instruction of Cold War veteran Stan Hurley. The pair then is enlisted to investigate a wave of apparently random attacks on military and civilian targets. 2AM, closing time: A cocky bar manager with a shady past and a young handsome bartender discover a beautiful woman bloodied and unconscious in the bathroom of a late night lounge. When she awakens, Tony, Matt and the mysterious Rose are plunged into a stirring evening of dangerous role playing in an ever-escalating game of cat and mouse that forces them to face the dark shadows of themselves. As we begin to piece together the elaborate puzzle, nothing is what it seems. However, one thing is for certain: this Rose is full of thorns. A visual incursion into the troubles psyche of a young boy whose unstable and manipulative mother committed suicide in front of him. When five friends head to the woods for a weekend of drug fueled madness their night soon descends into chaos when they pitch up next to the grave of a local missing child. As a child, Donald was tormented by his mother who used fire as a punishment. Now a deranged adult, Donald stalks women at clubs, then takes them home where he kills them with a flamethrower. Monika from Stockholm falls in love with Harry, a young man on holiday. When she becomes pregnant they are forced into a marriage, which begins to fall apart soon after they take up residence in a cramped little flat. An American soldier deployed at Abu Ghraib finds himself behind the walls of the infamous Hard Site, where he develops a secret friendship with an Iraqi detainee. A Puerto Rican salon employee is forced to confront her own erotic desires when she becomes obsessed with the violent sexual tendencies of her new neighbors. In the teeming, multicultural metropolis of modern-day London, a seemingly straightforward missing-person case launches a down-at-heel private eye into a dangerous world of religious fanaticism and political intrigue. After her husband leaves her, a woman travels to London for the funeral of the pop star, Victor Fox, she's adored all her life. There, she meets the lover of the dead pop star, and convinces him to come back to Chicago with her to figure out who killed the singer. Written by Anonymous Jacq Vaucan, an insurance agent of ROC robotics corporation, routinely investigates the case of manipulating a robot. What he discovers will have profound consequences for the future of humanity. Stephanie, a dedicated mother and popular vlogger, befriends Emily, a mysterious upper-class woman whose son Nicky attends the same school as Miles, Stephanie's son. When Emily asks her to pick Nicky up from school and then disappears, Stephanie undertakes an investigation that will dive deep into Emily's cloudy past. It's 1981 and the girls of Alpha Gamma Theta sorority are having a party. As the new pledges arrive, so does an uninvited guest. Little do the sisters know someone is watching them in the shadows. As the girls shower, study, eat and sleep the stalker studies the girls. One by one he finds the girls at their most vulnerable and murders them. The police hunt for the missing girls and their killer, but will they find them in time? Or will the girls be forced to fight for their lives.. A Chechen Muslim illegally immigrates to Hamburg and becomes a person of interest for a covert government team which tracks the movements of potential terrorists. Brennan is an outcast drifter who threatens to destroy a family's unity by displacing their son, Mike, while he is away at college. The Silent Thief is a thriller that examines familial bonds and the line between sanity and insanity. Continuity begins as a straight-forward story of an emotional homecoming and turns uncanny as the two protagonists - a middle aged couple living in a small town in Germany - repeatedly invite different young men into their home to perform an inscrutable ritual.  This is a remake of Continuity (2012) by the same director, expanding on the original idea. When aspiring model Jesse moves to Los Angeles, her youth and vitality are devoured by a group of beauty-obsessed women who will take any means necessary to get what she has. A story of what happens when a reluctant man is forced to face his fears, which begins as a fun camping trip and ends in a fight for survival in the remote forest of the pacific northwest. A thriller centered on a con artist, his wife, and a stranger who try to flee a foreign country after one of them is caught up in the murder of a private detective. While watching B grade movies a brain-injured man is tormented by visions of his friends being murdered by a faceless killer. He becomes increasingly disturbed when he realizes it's only a matter of time before the killer comes for him. A young schizophrenic who felt threatened by a presence he was unable to define turns up gruesomely dead in his bathtub When a deep space fishing vessel is robbed by a gang of pirates, the Captain makes a daring decision to go after a rare and nearly extinct species. His obsession propels them further into space as the crew spins toward mutiny and betrayal. Stockholm, late 1970s. Within a stone's throw of government buildings and juvenile homes lies the seductive world of sex clubs, discotheques and private residences. Call Girl tells the story of how young Iris is recruited from the bottom of society into a ruthless world where power can get you anything. Michael is committed to getting his best friend Chris to sober up and get his life back on track. With the best of intentions, Michael implements a plan to convince Chris to go to rehab before his drug addiction leads to an early death. But what begins as an attempt to save his friend's life quickly takes an unexpected turn as the two friends confront personal demons, the consequences of past actions, and forces beyond their control. A rich heiress and her friends head for a weekend of fun at her isolated ranch house in the middle of no man's land. They soon find that the caretaker's dark past, has taken him down a bloody killing spree. In a remote part of the countryside, a bungled kidnapping turns into a living nightmare for four central characters when they cross paths with a psychopathic farmer and all hell breaks loose. An orphaned war-veteran routinely travels between our world and the afterlife in search of his fiance's killer by stopping and starting his own heart. A cloak & dagger adventure about the Federal Reserve and the international financial conspiracy that threatens the world. Three heroic college students uncover the plot...and risk their lives to expose the secret syndicate. "Gripping drama" says Dove Fnd. After an unprecedented series of natural disasters threatened the planet, the world's leaders came together to create an intricate network of satellites to control the global climate and keep everyone safe. But now, something has gone wrong: the system built to protect Earth is attacking it, and it becomes a race against the clock to uncover the real threat before a worldwide geostorm wipes out everything and everyone along with it. Wasteland is set in a world ravaged by a deadly virus and within that world is Scott Miller, a man who, against the odds, is trying to carve out some sort of life. The deadly infection that has ravaged the globe has almost totally wiped out the human race and Scott must spend his days finding water, food etc. Whilst trying to find uninfected people by radio, he must also avoid the many dangers that lurk in the outside world, while he waits for the return of the love of his life, Beth.  Taylor, a former juvenile delinquent, convinces straight-'A' student, Cammi to join her and her friends on a Spring Break road trip through the California desert. Ignoring evil premonitions from Cammi, the 8 friends party heavily as they get farther and farther away from civilization along old Route 66 with a killer in pursuit. Anxiety builds as each stop along the way proves stranger and stranger until the group is lured to an abandoned amusement park with a mysterious past far off the main highway. There the group discovers that the park comes complete with broken down vintage carnival rides, shocking surprises, the smell of death, and an enticing, young tattooed serial killer named Spider. Cass and Mark are a couple on a camping trip to the distant countryside. When their seemingly secluded getaway is interrupted by an ominous scream, they start to think someone might be stalking them, and encounter two strangers who are also in the woods near them. Despite everything appearing to be harmless, they can't shake the feeling that something is wrong. The truth, however, is far more disturbing than meets the eye. Prodigy detective Mitsuko Unagi is on the hunt for a notorious serial killer known only as "Eleven". It started 10 years earlier, on February 29th, 2009, when a series of murders began, involving 11 randomly selected victims killed simultaneously in Tokyo. Undisturbed for over 20 years, this remote forested island in the Pacific Northwest is visited by a group of campers on horseback. The camp tranquility is broken by violence and terror. Tedi Sarafian, writer of TERMINATOR 3: RISE OF THE MACHINES and TANK GIRL makes his feature directorial debut with this horror/sci-fi thriller based on true events. King's Ransom Winery is known as one of the most haunted places in North America. Gruesome suicides and murders, suspicious fires, and strange otherworldly phenomena have occurred with disturbing frequency throughout the dark history of the estate, all linked back to a past shocking slaughter where the victim was stabbed thirteen times. And that unlucky number has appeared a constant throughout every unexplained bizarre incident. Now a group of six paranormal investigators have been given 48-hour weekend access to the winery to conduct a search for evidence of the other side. Soon they begin to see things and witness strange happenings causing each to act out of character as a sinister presence forces long-buried memories and deep-seated fears to bubble to the surface. Focusing on the timeless themes of jealousy, murder and betrayal, 'I Against I' is set over one night and utilises different time lines to reveal a dark and unexpected conclusion to a simple mystery premise. The main protagonists, opposite in character, take a frantic journey into a desolate nocturnal world with the common aim of survival, though once completed, the plot reveals a trap from which escape may be impossible.  A special agent's plans to reconcile with his ex-fiance are ruined when she boards a private jet that is targeted by hijackers working for the same crime lord that he is chasing. Pauls a lonely man. Locked up in his desolate life he struggles to face reality. He's forced to change his views when it's too late. An American in Paris falls for a model and the two become intertwined in the criminal underworld of the European modeling industry. An old man and his sister are concealing a terrible secret from their adopted teen daughter, concerning a hidden abandoned farmhouse, located deep in the woods. Interludes" is based on the real life events of three incarcerated women as they detail traumatic events from their love lives. It's about the complicated relationships, from the first love to last, and how life events shape our hearts. A detective tracking a stolen gem begins to suspect there's more to the case than just theft. A Secret Service Agent is held captive in the trunk of a car and endures high-speed mental and physical torture as terrorists attempt to extract needed information for their sinister plot. Twenty five year old Jai (Asad Shan) leads an impoverished life in Delhi with his humble Punjabi family who he constantly struggles to support. He migrates to London on a three month tourist visa to fulfill his dream and earn a decent living as an illegal immigrant, leaving his family burdened with a loan. London is his most beautiful dream. Soon he finds a best friend Goldie (Aliakbar Campwala) on a council estate and find love on the London underground in the form of Simran (Sabeeka Imam) who is ShahRukh Khan s biggest fan. One phone call changes his life and he becomes trapped in a dark and dangerous situation leading to an edgy, exciting, fast paced thriller where each man is on his own and its a jungle law. A group of six tourists looking to go off the beaten path, hire an 'extreme tour guide' who, ignoring warnings, takes them into the city of Pripyat, the former home to the workers of the Chernobyl nuclear reactor, but now a deserted town since the disaster more than 25 years earlier. After a brief exploration of the abandoned city, the group members find themselves stranded, only to discover that they are not alone. Dori and Norman, two stunning and sophisticated serial daters, are destined to endure a terrifying journey through perfect couple-hood: Valentine's, Easter, Halloween, Christmas and New Year. Except with psychopath Dori, it all needs to take place over one weekend deep in the isolated countryside far from help. "Love Sick Love" is a complex and suspenseful journey into the darker side of love. Recently released from an institution and determined to contain his homicidal urges, a young man attempts to piece together his broken life with increasingly disastrous results... The film is set in Tuscany during the Black Death. As in the Decameron, ten young Florentines take refuge from the plague. But instead of telling stories, they have lusty adventures, bawdy exchanges, romance and swordplay. There are randy nuns, Saracen pirates, and a sexy cow. A year after witnessing a murder, residents of Tower Block 31 find themselves being picked off by a sniper, pitting those lucky enough to be alive into a battle for survival. A former prostitute ensnares a young investment banker into marriage determined to avenge her lesbian lover and rob a group of corrupt business men, her husband included. A young Oxford academic and his attorney girlfriend holiday on Antigua. They bump into a Russian millionaire who owns a peninsula and a diamond watch. He wants a game of tennis. What else he wants propels the lovers on a tortuous journey to the City of London and its unholy alliance with Britain's intelligence establishment, to Paris and the Alps. As issues with his dying father remain unresolved, Primer Green comes home to visit his family after being gone for 15 years. During his visit, his sister disappears and police suspect she is involved in her husband's death. Primer decides to find his sister but during his search he also disappears, leaving his ranger brother to solve the mystery and uncover rampant corruption. A small film with a big heart, SECOND HAND WEDDING is a bittersweet dramatic comedy set in the present, in a time when trademe and e-bay threaten the primeval urge for a firsthand crack at the second-hand. Jill keeps the dream alive until she is forced to confront the habits of a lifetime and concede that no bargain is worth her daughter's happiness. Father of the bride, Brian, quips that Cheryl's upcoming wedding will be the first time anyone in the Rose family has given something away - and that's the crux of it. On the trail of a missing girl, an ex-cop comes across a secretive group attempting to summon a terrifying supernatural entity. Paul and Camilla's marriage is in trouble. They head to a picturesque cottage in the South of France to work through their problems and try to inject some love back into their marriage. As their relationship unravels, the holiday is hijacked by an American and his French girlfriend. Looking for an excuse to pause the hostilities, Camilla invites them to stay at the cottage... Desperate to help her ailing brother, a young woman agrees to compete in a deadly game of "Would You Rather", hosted by a sadistic aristocrat. Madhumitha is convinced that she and her colleague Ashwin were lovers in their past lives and have been brought together by fate. Is there any truth to this or is she merely hallucinating? A young man named Josef visits a dilapidated Sanatorium to see his father Jakob.  On his arrival, a sinister doctor informs him that his father had stopped breathing but hasn't died yet, perhaps due to Josef's arrival which may have halted time in the sanatorium.  Josef undertakes a strange journey through the many rooms of the sanatorium, each which conjures worlds composed of his memories, dreams and nightmares Jesse has to get out of Las Vegas quickly, and steals a car to drive to L.A. On the way he shoots a police man. When he makes it to L.A. he stays with Monica, a girl he has only known for a few days. As the film progresses, the police get closer to him, and the crimes escalate. An Alaska State Trooper partners with a young woman who escaped the clutches of serial killer Robert Hansen to bring the murderer to justice. Based on actual events. A glimpse into a suburban street, but not everything is as it seems. It's 1959 and five high school seniors learn that they will not graduate without completing one final project. On their way to a secluded farm in swampy South Louisiana, car trouble results in their discovery of an old, mysterious church where they get trapped and forced to face their biggest fears.  In this 1950's psychological thriller, "1959" brings back elements of Hitchcock style filmmaking with modern day drama and thrills. An elderly countess strikes a bargain with the devil and exchanges her soul for the ability to always win at cards. An army officer, who is also a fanatic about cards, murders her for the secret, then finds himself haunted by the woman's spirit. How far would you go to feel - anything. A peeping Tom (Frank V. Ross) stumbles into a mutually beneficial relationship with an exhibitionist. The hard drinking grandson of a legendary labor leader gets arrested for drunk driving. He decides to run for Governor against the corrupt prosecuting attorney. The film centers on a recluse known as "Colonel" and the final five days when Colonel's plantation of a high potency variant of marijuana gets ready for harvest. A young woman's gradual descent into madness. A couple with marital problems gets lured to a remote retreat. They must put aside their problems to survive after they discover that their lives are in danger. On the trail of a missing friend who had been experimenting with mind-altering drugs, a young journalist - aided by a rogue counter-culture writer, The Silence of The Lambs -- finds herself drawn into the dangerous world of top-secret government chemical research and the mystery of a disturbing radio signal of unknown origin. A fast-paced thriller blending fact and fiction, Banshee Chapter is based on real documents, actual test subject testimony, and uncovered secrets about covert programs run by the CIA. A former American G.I. joins a yakuza family after his release from prison in post-World War II Osaka. Stranded on an isolated desert road, two life-long friends fight for survival as their already strained relationship spirals into knife-wielding madness. An earnest life-coach/author, Thomas Carter, is mysteriously abducted by a deranged client, Angel Sanchez, who delves into Thomas' teachings and uses his spiritual messages of Karma - action and reaction (Vipaka), against him to terrorize him and his family for their past sins. Six years after an apocalyptic event killed her family and seemingly everyone else on earth, a lone girl on the verge of insanity is forced to question everything she has ever known when a strange man suddenly appears at her door. The last girl on earth... is not alone. The saga of two longtime hit-men. One decides it's time to retire, the other goes on a deadly rampage. The town of Leffert's Corners has been plagued by unearthly beings for decades, and now there is only a few people left, including the local priest and a woman traumatised by the death of her sister. But when John Martense turns up to claim his illicit family fortune, with bad guys in pursuit, the last stand had become a lot more complicated. Based on the writings of H P Lovecraft. Jerome (Adam Deacon) breaks out of his council estate gang and becomes a successful and famous footballer, but he soon learns that his old life isn't as easy to leave behind as he had hoped when his old gang catch up with him and start demanding regular payments. The music of Cheap Trick, The Cars, and The Ramones highlights this realistic tale of alienated suburban youth on the rampage. Dillon makes his screen debut in this updated, well-done "Rebel Without a Cause." Shelved for several years, the movie was finally released after Dillon made it big. Sleeper with excellent direction and dialogue. The Devil's Dozen is a supernatural horror/thriller where twelve strangers find themselves in a life or death game where sins are judged and every choice a testament to their character. The innocent must strive to maintain their integrity, while the guilty can only hope their deaths lead to the truly innocent walking out alive. Set in rural Arkansas in 1973, Come Morning is the tragic story of Frank and his 10-year-old grandson and the hunting accident that forever changes their lives. DAgjaFDkn,dnzKdyx 2021 - 5 years after the outbreak of a mysterious virus that turned humans into bloodthirsty, undead beasts much of the world's population has been decimated. When governments were unable to keep the disease at bay, the Contagion Special Unit was formed with the toughest soldiers and best specialists to fight the infected. Because of the rapidly decreasing number of soldiers, a popular online video game Dead Trigger that mirrors the terrifying events was created. The best efforts of the gamers are monitored by the CSU who recruit the highest rated zombie killers. The young recruits are called "Dead Triggers". The movie follows a group of young recruits who must travel to the origin of the outbreak to find a missing team of scientists who were searching for a cure. A young man and his friends react to a sudden, unexpected tragedy during their annual all-weekend summer party. Guy Martin visits the Baltics to learn the truth about his Latvian grandfather. He uncovers a story involving prisoner of war camps, daring escapes and the constant threat of death and deportation. Guillermo del Toro presents Mama, a supernatural thriller that tells the haunting tale of two little girls who disappeared into the woods the day that their parents were killed. When they are rescued years later and begin a new life, they find that someone or something still wants to come tuck them in at night. Best Friends Forever (BFF) is the 16th year anniversary presentation of Star Cinema starring the Megastar Sharon Cuneta and the Comedy Queen Ai Ai delas Alas. Sharon and Ai Ai will be playing as best friends in this comedy film helmed by box-office director Wenn Deramas of Tanging Ina and Ang Tanging Ina N'yong Lahat. What would you do if one day you open the door of your house and a man you've never seen hits you, ties you to a chair, pulls out a bottle of tequila and start counting you his life?  In addition, little by little, you start to realize that this seemingly odd man knows everything about you and his main intent is to give you a shot in the head. Based on true events, this is what happens to Michael, an attorney/deputy happily married to a privileged life who in less than an hour starts to lose everything. Perhaps this stranger comes to present him something that everybody wants to have: Power. "Behind the Power" is a thriller that will make you question your country, your life and your heart. As a child, Frank witnesses the brutal and devastating murder of his parents and years later grows up to lead a disturbing double life between night and day. Bill Marks is a burned-out veteran of the Air Marshals service. He views the assignment not as a life-saving duty, but as a desk job in the sky. However, today's flight will be no routine trip. Shortly into the transatlantic journey from New York to London, he receives a series of mysterious text messages ordering him to have the government transfer $150 million into a secret account, or a passenger will die every 20 minutes. The Coast Guard makes a daring rescue attempt off the coast of Cape Cod after a pair of oil tankers are destroyed during a blizzard in 1952. When a college girl who is alone on campus over the Thanksgiving break is targeted by a group of outcasts, she must conquer her deepest fears to outwit them and fight back. Tired of their mother's alcoholism and a string of her abusive boyfriends, two sisters plot to kill her. A young woman returns to her birthplace after her father's death and unearths distant memories and long-buried secrets that change everything she thought she knew about her family, past and herself. In New York, a Pakistani native finds that his American Dream has collapsed in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. Seduced by the instant rewards of criminal activity, LEO ROBERTS (Anthony Welsh) enters the shadowy underground world of strip clubs, saunas, drugs and prostitution. Blinded by the potential power and prestige, Leo is convinced he is in control, only to realise that he has to start playing by a different set of rules. The rules set by crime boss ILIR DUKA (Mem Ferda). Leo's chosen path, soon spirals out of control, where the stakes keep getting higher and higher, until there is no turning back. As Nell Sweetzer tries to build a new life after the events of the first movie, the evil force that once possessed her returns with an even more horrific plan. After a zombie apocalypse spreads from a London prison, the UK is brought to its knees. The spread of the virus is temporarily contained but, without a cure, it's only a matter of time before it breaks its boundaries and the biggest problem of all... any zombies with combat skills are now enhanced. With the South East of England quarantined from the rest of the world using fortified borders, intelligence finds that the scientist responsible for the outbreak is alive and well in London. With his recovery being the only hope of a cure, a squad of eight Special Forces soldiers is sent on a suicide mission to the city, now ruled by the undead, with a single task: get him out alive within 72 hours by any means necessary. What emerges is an unlikely pairing on a course to save humanity against ever-rising odds. Mr. Viral is a dark comedy satire meets revenge thriller about viral marketing and the Internet. It's a story of revenge, gone viral. In the trenches of a struggling prominent advertising ... After a series of bad experiences with men, Shae teams up with her co-worker, Lu, who has a simple, deadly way of dealing with the opposite sex. Moments before his comeback performance, a concert pianist who suffers from stage fright discovers a note written on his music sheet. Literature professor Jim Bennett leads a secret life as a high-stakes gambler. Always a risk-taker, Bennett bets it all when he borrows from a gangster and offers his own life as collateral. Staying one step ahead, he pits his creditor against the operator of an illicit gambling ring while garnering the attention of Frank, a paternalistic loan shark. As his relationship with a student deepens, Bennett must risk everything for a second chance. An artist whose work involves capturing images of strangers begins to believe she herself is being observed. A tight knit group of young high school athletes have a terrible crash after winning the state championship -- a catastrophe that will shape all their lives. But as adults, some 15 years later, they come together again for a reunion that will open olds wounds, expose long-hidden secrets -- and pave the road to forgiveness and redemption. A man recently released from a mental institute inherits a mansion after his parents die. After a series of disturbing events, he comes to believe it is haunted. On the eve of their ten year high school reunion, six people are summoned to the isolated country estate of one of their former friends, now a famous horror writer. Once there, separated by guilt, yet bound together by a terrible secret, seven adults try to reconnect with each other, and take stock of their lives. Outside, the storm clouds gather. Rain, lightning and wind isolate the house by washing out the road and knocking down the power lines. And then, they begin to be brutally murdered one by one. Someone is out there in the wind and the rain, someone who has waited for ten years to wreak a terrible vengeance on this group. Seven friends find themselves in a struggle to survive and outwit a diabolical killer who is savagely committed to sending them all to an EARLY GRAVE. Two men assigned aboard a deep sea research station become trapped inside and isolated from the outside world after a seismic event cripples the station. The event leaves one of the men mortally wounded, while the other struggles to cope with the reality. CIA agent Aaron Delgado works with a team of agents and engineers to implement a plan to attack the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, pinning the blame on Muslim Terrorists. One man. One night. A home invasion. From hell. After their mother passes away, sisters Nicole and Annie reluctantly return to their childhood home to pay their last respects. While staying overnight in the house, the sisters sense a mysterious presence in their midst: noises startling them in the night, objects moving about, a fallen picture of an unknown woman posed next to their mother. Annie begins experiencing a series of intense and disturbing dreams - visions that lead her to uncover something terrible about her mother's past that is finally revealing itself. A dramatic thriller about a couple who own an advertising agency. The husband apparently commits suicide, but the police and the insurance company decide to investigate his death. Two women, a missing roommate, some taxidermy, a creepy blind man and a lot of booze. A man, who years earlier mysteriously abandoned his family and isolated himself in a small northern town, returns for one last chance to reconnect with his troubled daughter. When she goes missing, he risks everything to find her, including exposing the fact that he is becoming invisible. Yearning to break free from their sordid pasts, three sisters unite for a simple plan: steal enough drugs to set themselves up for a new life. But when the eldest sister Teig decides they're going to hide out in their old, abandoned family house, its painful memories quickly become too real to fight off. Three sisters with a history, a suitcase full of stolen drugs, and a family house with a dark secret is the recipe for terror in House of Bad. I Was A Teenage Suicide is an amazing story that everyone can relate to: not knowing how to let go or say goodbye. I Was A Teenage Suicide is a "found footage", coming-of-age drama about a group of friends documenting their last summer together before they all go their separate ways to follow their careers or go off to school. It follows Jack Walters, who is the leader of his group. He starts to lose control once everyone in his group has plans and a future. This leaves Jack all alone and he doesn't like it. Jack sabotages all of his friends lives that he can in order to try to keep them near him. The story about three radical environmentalists coming together to execute the most intense protest of their lives: the explosion of a hydroelectric dam. Based on the groundbreaking, cult classic anime, KITE tells the story of Sawa, a young woman living in a corrupt society where crime and gangs terrorize the streets. When Sawa's mother and policeman father are found victims of a grisly double homicide, she begins a ruthless pursuit for the man who murdered them. With the help of her father's ex-partner, Karl Aker, and a mysterious friend from her past, she becomes a merciless teen assassin, blasting her way through the dark world of human trafficking only to uncover a devastating truth While attending a party at James Franco's house, Seth Rogen, Jay Baruchel and many other celebrities are faced with the apocalypse. High school senior Casey finds herself seduced into the fast lifestyle of a call girl ring run by a campus police officer and must pull herself out before she loses all self-control. made for TV In Nightscape, an emotionally guarded drifter, Kat (Galesh), crosses paths with a phantom car responsible for a wave of supernatural violence. The drifter must learn to trust again if she is to end a lifetime of bad luck and help her new found companions survive the growing chaos and carnage. An AWOL marine in possession of secret government information, is a wanted man, pursued by Russian special ops, the LAPD, and a dangerous assassin. A mysterious computer virus wipes out highly classified personnel files at the NSA, prompting a top secret investigation. RAYMOND BERRY, an NSA operative is thrown into a detention center, where he is suspected of crimes against the United States. He fights to stay alive, hoping to reunite with TABITHA, a CIA agent he has recently fallen in love with. Ray discovers that Tabitha is not who she says she is, complicating his plans to escape his former life and start over in anonymity. In the United States, there is an active shooter incident every 12 days. In Memoriam shows the wrenching perspective of wounded survivors, grieving relatives, and heroes of the horrific attacks at the Las Vegas Route 91 Harvest Music Festival, the Sutherland Springs Baptist Church in Texas, and the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. It should have been just a normal day of sex, fun, alcohol, hormones and debauchery for Tabitha and Mimi, two over-privileged twenty-somethings. But that so-called normalcy gets tossed out the window when a devastating event occurs at a pool party. Pat Rocco's fictionalized document of the 1977 Christopher Street West carnival and parade. Follow filmmaker Walter Todd over 36 deadly hours as he exploits his closest friends and family during a New Year's Eve party, exposing their darkest secrets and sexual perversions. The Exhibitionists is a pulpy exploration of the tipping point between documentary and pornography. An ex-cop is temporarily blinded when he steals cash from a money laundering operations. While recuperating in Mexico, the thief falls in love with a beautiful woman who has underworld connections. When the girl disappears, he returns to the United States to find her, risking death from the gangster Prequel to the Henry James classic "Turn of the Screw" about the events leading up to the deaths of Peter Quint and Ms. Jessel, and the the slow corruption of the children in their care. Fund Manager 'Dumar' is on a personal quest against his employer, a corrupt fund manager whom has framed him for fraud, however unknown to both parties they both have ulterior motive. Nathan and Aubrey committed murder on the day of their engagement party. Now, they have to cover their tracks and deflect questions on Elle's disappearance, or the authorities will come knocking. An American couple, Paul and Marianne, spend their vacation in Italy and experiences trouble when the wife invites a former lover and his teenage daughter to visit, which leads to jealousy and dangerous sexual scenarios. A UK-based military officer in command of a top secret drone operation to capture terrorists in Kenya discovers the targets are planning a suicide bombing and the mission escalates from "capture" to "kill." As American pilot Steve Watts is about to engage, a nine-year old girl enters the kill zone, triggering an international dispute reaching the highest levels of US and British government over the moral, political, and personal implications of modern warfare. Andre, recovering from a recent accident, agrees to help his friend Robert by taking over a house sitting job at a creepy home nestled in the hills above Los Angeles. As night comes, the house reveals its insidious nature as Andre begins hearing ominous sounds and experiencing strange occurrences throughout the house that lead him to believe he is not alone, and that someone, or something is in the house with him. A very British drug lord tries to sell off his highly profitable empire to a dynasty of Oklahoma billionaires. Drowning in debt as he's about to get married, a bright but meek salesman receives a mysterious phone call informing him that he's on a hidden-camera game show where he must execute 13 tasks to receive a multi-million dollar cash prize. Leaving his small-town roots to start a new life, Mitch meets the beautiful and seductive Amy at a happy hour and begins a tantalizing romance. Before long, Mitch learns that nothing is as it appears and, unable to trust anyone, finds himself on a nightmarish roller coaster ride, accused of murder and running from the law and a mysterious stranger out to kill him. Surviving by quick thinking and his wits, Mitch must confront both his past and present and find a solution before time runs out! World War II soldier-turned-U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels investigates the disappearance of a patient from a hospital for the criminally insane, but his efforts are compromised by his troubling visions and also by a mysterious doctor. An elite hitman returns to erase his past only to find that somebody has messed with his future. Bored with Bollywood movies but fascinated with their Hollywood counterparts from his youth, Ram dreams to become a singer and actor in America, the country where dreams are made. He is encouraged when his American-based close friend, Vijay Rao, comes for visit, and brags about driving a Mercedes and living in a penthouse. A mystery writer becomes the prime suspect in a murder investigation when a publisher he last saw is found dead. When the Viking space capsule suddenly returns to Earth from its long ago trip to Mars, it brings with it an intelligent visitor that is part "Alien" and part "ET". Encased in armor, it extends a human like form from its shell to examine its surroundings and shows an interest in humans including a soft caress of a female scientist prior to the Army killing it. This only enrages its sibling. Survivors of an airplane crash find themselves within the borders of a government testing area and pursued by predators. Johnny is a successful banker with great respect for and dedication to the people in his life, especially his future wife Lisa. The happy-go-lucky guy sees his world fall apart when his friends begin to betray him one-by-one. International Security Affairs agent Jon is on a dangerous mission to escort a criminal scientist to another country. En route, a member of his team turns out to be a traitor and shoots Jon in the head while kidnapping the scientist. When Jon wakes up in the hospital, a doctor tells him that within weeks, the bullet in his brain will cause complete paralysis. Jon returns to Beijing to see his mother, who confesses that Jon has a brother in Malaysia who was raised by his father, a gambler. Jon takes a flight to Malaysia to find his brother, Yeung. On the plane he forms a bond with Dr. Kan, who promises to look into possible treatments for his condition. However, when they arrive, Yeung tries to kidnap the doctor and when Jon intervenes, he's also taken hostage. The two soon realize they're brothers, and decide to work together in order to keep the criminals behind the kidnappings from reinfecting the world of a disease long thought cured. A man must find his way after making a grave mistake. Tonio's loyalty to his long-time friend turned gangster, TC, leads to a series of events with deadly consequences. Tonio cannot save his lover, Cleo from herself. Seven strangers find themselves trapped in an underground storage facility, struggling to survive while being hunted by a supernatural beast that resides inside the mysterious 13th unit. Damien Shadows introduces you to 5 blood curdling horror films, all of which are actually enchanted and or cursed. Damien shows you how to ward off the spirits after each terrifying tale in this anthology. From demented sisters, to panty raids gone wrong, to killer mimes and bad periods, this film will take you on one wild ride! Marcello, a small and gentle dog groomer, finds himself involved in a dangerous relationship of subjugation with Simone, a former violent boxer who terrorizes the entire neighborhood. In an effort to reaffirm his dignity, Marcello will submit to an unexpected act of vengeance. A man recently released from a mental institute inherits a mansion after his parents die. After a series of disturbing events, he comes to believe it is haunted. A young married couple comes home from a date night to discover that they are imprisoned in their own house with a methodical killer inside. A team of con artists think they've found the perfect setup conning pedophiles. That is until they extort the wrong man whose connections threaten to wipe them all out. A marriage counselor's personal and professional life becomes complicated after she enters into a relationship with one of her clients. A musician with hyper-sensitive hearing goes in search of an ominous sound that plagues him, but is inaudible to everyone else. Wrath of the crows is very gory and brutal, but tied by a strong concept and the whole story is focused on the characters' development. So there's not only splatter sequences, but also atmospheric moments, a few dream-like sequences and a final twist that will shock you all.  A man awakes-- without memory -- in a pit full of bodies and must figure out if the people who rescued him are the killers, or if he is the murderer. Blaze You Out tells the story of Lupe, a strong-willed aspiring DJ, and her younger sister Alicia who live in the Esperanza Valley, a community that is suffocating by generations of heroin use. When Alicia witnesses a murder and disappears, Lupe sets out on a dangerous journey that forces her into the town's ruthless underworld. She quickly discovers that in order to save the person that matters most, she must harness the power that exists within her and connect with the divine that surrounds her. I AM BAD is the voyeuristic story of a serial killer in love. Shot entirely from his point-of-view, we see what he sees, and travel through his life from his brutal childhood to the power he reclaims as an adult when he begins to feel the thrill of killing. Then he meets Anne. She's training to be a psychiatrist. Now his life alternates between the warmth and love he feels with Anne, and the horrific bloodshed he creates in her absence. One year after a tragic incident tore their family apart, a grieving son and his estranged father embark on a journey into the wild to reconcile their past. When a horrifying accident leaves Russell badly injured, and strands them in the wild, it is up to October to save them both. However, this wilderness is not what it seems, and as they deteriorate, so to does their concept of reality. Chon Wang, a clumsy imperial guard trails Princess Pei Pei when she is kidnapped from the Forbidden City and transported to America. Wang follows her captors to Nevada, where he teams up with an unlikely partner, outcast outlaw Roy O'Bannon, and tries to spring the princess from her imprisonment. Undercover Las Vegas police officer Vincent Downs, who has got a lot of enemies, is caught in a high stakes web of corrupt cops and the mob-controlled casino underground. When a heist goes wrong, a crew of homicidal gangsters gets T, Downs' teenage son. In one sleepless night, he will have to rescue his son T (who they got), evade an internal affairs investigation and bring the kidnappers to justice. A happy, unsuspecting couple, Max (Dan Wyllie) and Therese (Bojana Novakovic), buy a house in what appears to be a quiet, friendly neighbourhood. Settling in well, they make friends with a nice family on one side and soon meet a more interesting family on the other side. But interesting soon becomes loud and loud soon becomes intolerable. When the intolerable becomes violent and the police are powerless, Max and Therese attempt to take matters into their own hands. Bhatinda-based middle-classed Harpreet Gill is unable to get his three rather plain-looking and overweight daughters married and must live with constant criticism from his wife; his brother, Chiksi, is a fake dentist who incurs wrath of his patients; while his second brother, Fancy, is an out-of-work Punjabi movies' actor. The trio dislike each other and keep their distance. When their grandfather, Khetrapal Singh, passes away, the trio do get together and waste no time in squabbling with each other. They are, however, pleasantly surprised when they find out that he had left a mansion in their respective names. Their joy will turn to anger and disgust after they find out the location as well as the terms and conditions, spread over a period of three years, that go with this procurement. Two African American social scientists pose as bank robbers in an effort to understand the racial dynamics of small-town law enforcement. However, their experiment takes an unplanned turn. A committee investigating TV's first uncensored network examines a typical day's programming, which includes shows, commercials, news programs, you name it. What they discover will surely crack you up! This outrageous and irreverent spoof of television launched the careers of some of the greatest comedians of all time. Jussi Vares falls in love with a beautiful brunette - only to lose her in a horrible way. After dating Sole a few weeks, her body is found in a bird-watching tower. The investigations come to a standstill, until Vares promises to solve a mystery of messy denunciation letters. Before the letters reveal their secret, a lot of things happen. A gun-for-hire, Stahanov, gets an assignment. Sole's brother finds his wife in the arms of a wrong man and goes on a rampage, accompanied by a black cat. In the end the clues lead to a familiar person and more death in unavoidable Tony Jaa (star of the critically Ong-Bak & Warrior King) is the leader of the Panter Squad - a group of martial arts madmen employed by a notorious General and Cartel kingpin on the border of Thailand and The Golden Triangle. They have kidnapped a noted Explorer who has been searching for an ancient priceless artefact that the General is desperate to find and profit from. A team of ruthless mercenaries leads a crack team to free the Explorer, crush the General and Jaa's deadly Panther squad. But before doing so they must overcome the fearsome Black Goblins and the crazed Kung Fu Zombies. Battle Warrior is packed with crazy martial arts from start to finish, and with Tony Jaa, features one of cinema's greatest ever action stars. After the brutal murder of his beloved brother, a small-town surfer seeks revenge against the gang of merciless thugs he holds responsible. However, when another tragedy brings him face to face with the consequences of his actions, he must seek forgiveness from the very people he despises most. Benjamin Troubles is a tale of urban magic that follows Ben, an out of luck loser, who finds himself suddenly endowed with large sums of money due to a mysterious gift, a pair of magic jeans that produce $100 bills every hour. A collection of 24 short four-and-a-half minutes films inspired by still images, including paintings and photographs. An experimental project made by filmmaker Abbas Kiarostami in the last three years of his life. A psychiatrist involved in a radical new therapy comes under suspicion when his patients are murdered, each according to their individual phobias. I Am ZoZo is a psychological thriller about five young people who play with a Ouija board on Halloween and attract the attention of a malevolent demon. The film is based on real experiences with an ancient and malevolent spirit called ZoZo that attaches itself to people exclusively through Ouija boards.  I Am ZoZo was shot on location on San Juan Island, WA and Seattle entirely on Kodak Super 8mm negative film stock. Six strangers find themselves in circumstances beyond their control, and must use their wits to survive. Emily, a troubled spirit, haunts her own house every day, wondering why she can't leave. With the help of Sylvia, a clairvoyant hired to rid the house of spirits, Emily is forced into a 'patient/therapist' relationship, uncovering disturbing mysteries about her past that may help her move on to 'the next place What happens when a screenwriter (Brooks) loses his edge, he turns to anyone he can for help... even if it's the mythical "Zeus's Daughter" (Stone). And he's willing to pay, albeit reluctantly, whatever price it takes to satisfy this goddess, especially when her advice gets him going again on a sure-fire script. However, this is not the limit of her help, she also gets the writer's wife (MacDowell) going on her own bakery enterprise, much to the chagrin of Brooks, who has already had to make many personal sacrifices for his own help. A deaf woman is stalked by a psychotic killer in her secluded home. Two teens battle their way through a religious apocalypse on a mission to defeat the Antichrist. After losing contact with a clandestine energy-research facility, a powerful venture capitalist contracts an elite team of operatives to retrieve the physicist who holds the key to an unprecedented alternate energy source. When John Rambo's niece travels to Mexico to find the father that abandoned her and her mother, she finds herself in the grasps of Calle Mexican sex traffickers. When she doesn't return home as expected, John learns she's crossed into Mexico and sets out to get her back and make them pay. A short documentary that tells the stories of Yemeni refugees living in Markazi Refugee Camp. On 07 January 1972, the South Korean base in Nah-Trang, Vietnam, receives a radio transmission from a missing platoon presumed dead. A PC becomes a vigilante after a head trauma. Based on a true events a girl fights for her live on the Road - Tears Of Souls -chased by a gang of slave traffickers. When 19-year-old Adam agrees to do a day's driving for his mum's gangster boyfriend Peter, it takes him on a 24-hour journey into a nightmarish world of murder, sex trafficking and revenge, in the company of aging hit man Roy. Billy is a fetish photographer whose models begin to turn up dead. Michael, a melancholic cop, is tasked with investigating him. The US President and the UK Prime Minister are planning on launching a war in the Middle East, but--behind the scenes--government officials and advisers are either promoting the war or are trying to prevent it. When Singapore surrendered to the Japanese in 1942, the Allied POWs, mostly British but including a few Americans, were incarcerated in Changi prison. There were no walls or barbed-wire fences for the simple reason that there was no place for the prisoners to escape to. Included among the prisoners is the American Cpl. King, a wheeler dealer who has managed to established a pretty good life for himself in the camp. While most of the prisoners are near starvation and have uniforms that are in tatters, King eats well and and has crisp clean clothes to wear every day. King soon forms a friendship with Lt. Peter Marlowe, an upper class British officer who is fascinated with King's elan approach to life.  In the jungles of Ecuador, blood taints the waters. A multinational conglomerate's unholy alliance with a bloodthirsty military regime has resulted in a massacre. Only the rebel Francisco Franco and his determined wife Mia can prove the truth. To settle a personal debt, former CIA agent Jack Begosian takes on the freelance assignment to rescue Francisco and risks everything in a brutal battle to expose the cover-up. A ruthless businessman's payoff to the Belgian mafia is intercepted by his revenge-seeking former protegees, launching a deadly war of violence and double-dealing. Based on the real life story of legendary cryptanalyst Alan Turing, the film portrays the nail-biting race against time by Turing and his brilliant team of code-breakers at Britain's top-secret Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park, during the darkest days of World War II. A man returns home after a long time. The house is in a bad shape, ruined with graffiti on walls, but it doesn't stop him from staying in. The man has an aim that requires complex preparations. The house has however already a new inhabitants that start to influence the man's performance and to mingle with silhouettes from the character's recent past, spent at the Central Asia border. Are the war prolonged tension and the man's shattered emotionality possible to overcome, so that he may really re-locate in a peaceful surroundings of his home-village? Two young orphans in the Tirolian Mountains come under siege by a vicious band of hunters. Frightened of being separated by child services following the death of their mother, a self-sufficient 16-year-old girl and her 10-year-old brother - who hasn't spoken a word since seeing his father killed by the mayor - strive to live off the land in peace. Their innocence is shattered, however, when a group of hunters led by the mayor's son brutalizes and rapes the free-spirited girl. Later, when a well-meaning social services worker arrives too late to protect the terrorized siblings, the girl and her brother prepare to take a stand against their ruthless attackers. In this classic Edgar Allan Poe story, a man commits a murder, but afterward the victim's beating heart torments the murderer's mind. When a mythical device from ancient times is rebuilt by a group of Confederates who feel the civil war never ended, Mickey Matson and his newfound friend, Sully, must follow a series of clues left by his dead grandfather to keep the evil men away from the three mystical objects that power the device. If he fails, it could mean not only the loss of his family's home, but maybe the demise of our country as we know it. After a drug deal gone wrong, two New York City hustlers relocate to Miami, where they set up a lucrative credit card fraud operation. Unfortunately, their new business not only attracts the police, but the city's top criminals -- and both want a percentage of the take. An unsettling look at reality television, where a disturbing game show has its contestants ending their lives for the public's enjoyment. Craters of the Moon is a National park in Idaho. A young couple on a cross-country road-trip loses their way in a blizzard and gets stranded, apparently in the middle of nowhere. As the days pass by, their relationship slowly deteriorates, and this slow-burning psychological thriller builds to a horrifying climax in the Craters of The Moon National Park. Paul is a down-on-his-luck screenwriter who picks up a drifter and offers him a place to stay. However, when the deranged stranger takes Paul hostage and forces him to write, their unhinged relationship brings buried secrets to light. An inventive and resourceful cocaine smuggler defends his trade against violent rival traffickers, a monstrous and vengeful killer, and the DEA agents who want to lock him up - all while falling for a stunningly beautiful woman with a taste for danger. A man is murdered, but the person responsible avoids being discovered and arrested. A few years later a police inspector suspects he has found evidence in a newly-published book entitled "Amok". Nico Albert is a very peculiar character teenager, with exceptional intelligence and a single obsession: chess. His parents, concerned about the anomalous attitude of his son, child psychologist hired Julio Beltran. Through therapy and common hobby chess, Julio will delve into the disturbing world of Nico and the complex relationships of this seemingly normal family. Five college pals head out of town for a fun weekend, but plans quickly change after they encounter a strange 7-year old girl at an abandoned roadside cafe and offer to drive her home - and come face to face with evil incarnate. Director:  Tim Connery  After receiving his future obituary via a cryptic Internet file, Easton Denning is forced to confront his troubled past in order to prevent his predicted demise. A young designer falls under a man's erotic spell and is drawn into a world of sexual abandon from which she may never return. When the government puts all its rotten criminal eggs in one airborne basket, it's asking for trouble. Before you can say, "Pass the barf bag," the crooks control the plane, led by creepy Cyrus "The Virus" Grissom. Watching his every move is the just-released Cameron Poe, who'd rather reunite with his family. A hate-filled man joins a murderous regime after is family disappears in a rapture like event. Struggling to gain faith after being excommunicated from this group he finds solace in surviving with some nomadic travelers. Crazy dog, a serial killer of the 80s, who seems killing randomly. Marco Costa, son of one the victims, decides to investigate on his father's murder. Crazy dog was suicide or the truth is more complicated than that? When a New York City actor loses everything to an internet scam based in South Africa, his two best friends take him to Cape Town to track down the scammer. With the help of a charismatic local, their search begins promisingly, leading them into Cape Town's clubs, back alleys, and townships. But as they find themselves moving into darker territory, things prove to be not all that they seem, old rivalries flare up, and the limits of friendship are tested in ways the three men could never have imagined. Designed to look and feel like a documentary, 419 is a unique thriller about the mysteries of male friendship and the true cost of revenge. A precocious and obsessive teenager develops a crush on a naive writer with harrowing consequences. Two youths, Nino and Compi, enter the world of drug smuggling in the Strait of Gibraltar; while two police officers, Jesus and Eva, try to eradicate the contraband. A successful young man's world view is turned upside-down when he inherits his great-great-grandfather's diaries, and starts pursuing the mystical geometric theories held within.  Based on a short story by Ian McEwan. "The Hours" is the story of three women searching for more potent, meaningful lives. Each is alive at a different time and place, all are linked by their yearnings and their fears. Their stories intertwine, and finally come together in a surprising, transcendent moment of shared recognition. August Eighth - story of an ordinary young woman. Ksenia's life is not too happy. Problem at work, problem in personal life, problem with mother, a baby requiring constant cares... Ksenia want to spend a few days in Sochi with new boyfriend, and mom sends her son Artem to the boy's father on Caucasus. But Georgia started war and she must overcome fear, overcome circumstances, she must save her child... In the wake of an apocalyptic viral outbreak, Charlie Russell treks through the wilderness to reunite with his girlfriend, Samantha. As Charlie's journey brings him closer to his destination of Wausau, WI, he must face physical exhaustion, malicious survivors, and perhaps most menacing, his own emotional burdens. With his newfound traveling companions, Charlie must attempt to break his obsessions with the past. He must learn to let it go. At a leading ad agency, the battle for the top job between Rahul Verma, the advertising CEO, and Maya Luthra, his ambitious protegee, takes an ugly turn when Maya files a sexual harassment complaint against Rahul. A thief is caught up in a deadly game of cat-and-mouse between a maverick cop and London crime boss. A mysterious stranger rolls into town on a unique motorcycle. All he carries is the bible and a desire for justice. Past vengeance collides as Ryder rights an injustice from his past and liberates the small town from a malicious oppressor. When Luke wakes up and finds a mutilated corpse in his bathroom, his life changes for ever. Stalked by a terrifying psychopathic serial killer, he has to place his trust in the hands of a smart but volatile female cop, Sam Cross. The secret they uncover shatters Luke s life and brings Sam face to face with demons from her tragic childhood.. Set in the small coastal town of Bright Leaf, North Carolina, "Pieces of Talent" centers around Charlotte, a disillusioned aspiring actress working a night job as a cocktail waitress in order to make ends meet. Charlotte catches a break when seemingly chance circumstances put her in contact with a local filmmaker, David Long. David and Charlotte form a quick friendship that leads to Charlotte landing the starring role in David's newest project. David quickly becomes obsessed with Charlotte and begins building his masterpiece. He films each encounter with the ultimate goal of filming Charlotte as his final installment. David is a happily obsessed individual willing to do whatever it takes to make "true art." He utilizes his charm and skills to make something dark and deranged seem utterly beautiful and loving. After becoming infected with the virus that killed superstar Hannah Geist, Syd March must unravel the mystery surrounding her death to save his own life . Barbara Hershey stars as Carla Moran, a hard-working single mother until the night she is raped in her bedroom by someone - or something - that she cannot see. Despite skeptical psychiatrists, she is repeatedly attacked in her car, in the bath, and in front of her children. Could this be a case of hysteria, a manifestation of childhood sexual trauma, or something even more horrific? While on a GPS treasure hunt in the Palatinate forest four teenagers come across an old US military radio tower station. Back in the days of the Cold War it was part of a secret military program that produced horrific side effects, but has long since abandoned. Until now, when the station is mysteriously powered up again. Members of a school expedition in Tunisia become accidentally involved in industrial espionage. Harry, Ron and Hermione return to Hogwarts for another magic-filled year. Harry comes face to face with danger yet again, this time in the form of escaped convict, Sirius Black--and turns to sympathetic Professor Lupin for help. On the verge of making partner, Josh Pratt's (Colin Egglesfield) life is turned upside down when the SEC investigates the head of his multi-billion dollar hedge fund for insider trading. Forced into a well-timed "vacation" he never asked for Josh finds himself in Bangkok with a price on his head, a morally ambiguous brother who is knee deep into the Thai mafia, and a propensity for getting shot at. Unfortunately for Josh, the only way out is to give up information he doesn't know he has. When her husband goes missing during their Caribbean vacation, a woman sets off on her own to take down the men she thinks are responsible. November 17, 1988, is a day of mourning for some... and for others, a lucrative opportunity. On that date, eight university students were found murdered in the old arts building at the college. An anonymous source told police the 20-somethings were in the midst of a local role-playing game, called Chill. The name of the game is to stay alive. But for the players that November evening, few would be getting up for another round. But when a scheming student decides to profit from the tragedy and revive the whodunit game as a web series, the new players soon discover, for some, this game is still all too real... As he helps a young artist with her upcoming exhibition, the owner of a mannequin shop's deadly, suppressed desires come to the surface. A terrorist plants several bombs throughout the city of Colombo, Sri Lanka and threatens to detonate them unless prisoners are released. When a group of misfits is hired by an unknown third party to burglarize a desolate house and acquire a rare VHS tape, they discover more found footage than they bargained for. A group of wannabe ghost hunters set out to shoot a pilot in the old Hewitt house which is rumored to be haunted, faking everything, and get more than they bargain for. Eventually, things begin to happen at the house that cannot be easily explained. Is the house really haunted? Can anyone be trusted? We are at our most vulnerable when presented with our greatest desires or confronted with our greatest fears. An anonymous hacker has hacked all of Paris' cameras and observes the city unbeknownst to its inhabitants. Petty crimes and moments of stolen intimacy, he sees everything. Until the day that an explosion lays wasted to the Gare d'Austerlitz. The police starts tracking down an Al Queda satellite group. The hacker succeeds in finding images of the explosion and discovers that it was a young couple who planted the bomb. Using the city's cameras, he decides to hunt down the criminals. An FSB officer fall in love with his agent, an American woman who works as a trader in a Russian bank. In this suspenseful erotic drama, the private male secretary and lover of Madam Baek, a Korean conglomerate's middle-aged matriarch, falls for her more genuine daughter. Meanwhile, Madam Baek's husband has an affair with the Filipino nanny. As editor of The Sunday Times for fourteen years, Sir Harold Evans proved to be the right man in the right place at the right time. In an investigative climate all too rare by today's standards, Evans had the freedom and resources to allow teams of journalists to work on long-term projects, including the exposure of Kim Philby as a Soviet spy. As Evans himself details in this stylish documentary, his longest and most hard fought campaign was for the victims of Thalidomide. Originally developed by the Germans in World War II to counter effect sarin gas, post-war the drug was blithely prescribed by British doctors as an antidote to morning sickness, leading to tens of thousands of children born with serious defects. The Sunday Times' fight to win compensation for their struggling families would take more than a decade, as Evans tenaciously pursued the drug companies through the English courts and beyond. At an ever-accelerating pace, this thriller / dark comedy tells the story of 8 very different groups whose paths cross in the space of 24 hours. We meet a wide range of characters - from spoiled rich brats to real bottom-feeding criminal scum, and everyone in-between. In the best traditions of Commedia dellarte, the characters each have easily recognizable roles In the near future, zombies have become a protected, endangered species, held in captivity and legally wandering the streets free from harm by the living. But for the loved ones of those who die, sometimes coping is just too much to handle, especially when not everyone feels the dead have a right to exist, and are willing to break the law to rid the world of this new population of the dead. A married couple loses their children while on a family trip near some caves in Tijuana. The kids eventually reappear without explanation, but it becomes clear that they are not who they used to be, that something terrifying has changed them. The abduction and murder of numerous school girls in a quaint, all-American town. Inspired by true events. The story is set in 1947, following a long-retired Holmes living in a Sussex village with his housekeeper and rising detective son. But then he finds himself haunted by an unsolved 50-year old case. Holmes' memory isn't what it used to be, so he only remembers fragments of the case: a confrontation with an angry husband, a secret bond with his beautiful but unstable wife. In this adaptation of the best-selling roman a clef about Bill Clinton's 1992 run for the White House, the young and gifted Henry Burton is tapped to oversee the presidential campaign of Governor Jack Stanton. Burton is pulled into the politician's colorful world and looks on as Stanton -- who has a wandering eye that could be his downfall -- contends with his ambitious wife, Susan, and an outspoken adviser, Richard Jemmons. Siskiyou County, California has the most reported Bigfoot sightings in the world. In August of 2009, a documentary filmmaker went to investigate these alleged sightings. In the Pacific Northwest during the 1950s, two young sisters whose mother has abandoned them wind up living with their Aunt Sylvie, whose views of the world and its conventions don't quite live up to most people's expectations. It has been five years since the disappearance of Katie and Hunter, and a suburban family witness strange events in their neighborhood when a woman and a mysterious child move in. An animated short film produced by Pixar included as a bonus on the DVD edition of the 2004 feature film "The Incredibles." Sarah Campbell has to start her life over again after a messy divorce leaves her broken, lost, and alone for the first time in years. Having to live in a dumpy apartment complex with some interesting people is the least of her worries when strange things begin to happen in her new home including visions of a little boy in the mirrors. Passing them off as her "crazy imagination", things intensify when Sarah starts to have nightmares about being murdered and tossed into a shallow grave by a "shadowy figure". Ramona's compulsive life becomes a wreck when she finds out, after a long search that Osvaldo, her only son, has died. No Smoke is a compelling story, based on true events.What would you do if the police took your life savings and suspected you of being involved in terrorism and drug dealing?Could you beat the system? Gabi, a burn unit nurse, is in charge of the mother of an unborn child, burned and comatose from a serial killer assault. The cop handling the case, a friend of Gabi, asks for her help to identify the serial-killer if she wakes up. An actor in low-budget films called Willie Molina retires because he wants to practice his greatest hobby: hunting. One day in the mountains, accidentally shoots some young who walk beside the weed, wounding one of them. It's a small wound, but the man insists on bringing them home and heal properly, and incidentally to the girls spend the day at home. When they arrive they realize the wealth of man. The reality is that the girls pretend to be damsels in distress, using her charms to rob men like Willie. But when the man gagged, this manages to escape and start the real hunt there. THREE TEARS ON BLOODSTAINED FLESH is a modern, Midwesternized spin on the Giallo. This is the tale of Dominic, a man with a dark past who returns to the small town he's long since abandoned, to bury his niece Lexie, who has recently passed. Dragging his troubled daughter Kendall along with him, he simultaneously reunites with his estranged sister, Stella and reignites a past rivalry with the corrupt town sheriff, Rex Drisko. Convinced that there is more behind Lexie's death than is being said, Dominic begins digging around the town, probing its strange inhabitants, and in the process unearths his own demons and uncovers the town's dark secrets, which include a mysterious cult, a supernatural curse, a masked killer, and a very high body count. Everyone is both a suspect and potential victim, and only one thing is for sure: the Earth will be stained red before Dominic uncovers the truth. Professor David Reynolds applies fresh thinking to the now-familiar story of the 1918 armistice that effectively brought World War I to an end. Simultaneously an exploration of nature and psyche, 'In The Pines' documents a  young woman's hunt for extraterrestrial meaning. Part science fiction, part psychothriller, part poetry - this film crafts a scene viewers will be eager to revisit. Kessler's lab was created to run drug trials to determine what went wrong with a once popular mood stabilizing drug. Dr. Martin Kessler cloned his own daughter, who died from the drug. Once with ten test subjects, he and Dr Josephine Vanderhill are now left with only a few dying, sick clones, and one healthy placebo, Jenny. Daniel Powell runs the day to day operations and tends to the clones, administering the very drug that is killing them. When Dr. Kessler unexpectedly dies, instead of shutting down the facility, Dr Vanderhill wants to intensify the testing. She targets Jenny, and convinces Daniel to administer the pills in highly concentrated doses, sure to be fatal. Now conflicted, Daniel is determined to stop her and save the clones. In Argentina, between 1982 and 1985, the Puccios, a well-established family of San Isidro, an upper-class suburb of Buenos Aires, kidnap several people and hold them as hostages for a ransom. June 1988...Summer Was Never The Same.  In the House of Flies tells the story of young lovers whose lives are inadvertently changed forever. An innocent couple, Heather (Lindsay Smith) and Steve (Ryan Kotack) suddenly find themselves abducted. By whom? For what purpose? Alone, isolated and locked in an undisclosed, suburban basement, Heather and Steve find themselves pawns in a psychological, mind-game with their diabolical hosts.  Surrounded by several mysterious and locked suitcases - each containing valuable clues to their very own survival - Heather and Steve must exploit what remains of their bruised intellect and depleting sanity, to escape the authority of their unidentified and brutal abductors (Henry Rollins, Ryan Barrett). From this day forward, summer was never the same When former black ops operative Tom Steele and his partner Manning are assigned to decommission an old prison, they must oversee the arrival of two mysterious female prisoners. Before long, an elite force of mercenaries assault the prison in search of the new arrivals. As the true identities of the women are revealed, Steele realizes he's caught in the middle of something far bigger than he had imagined. A College professor finds his life unraveling when a new student joins his class, a student who may or may not be the very subject of his darkest secret. His obsession could kill him and his family. A bullied student sees visions of a rabbit he was forced to kill as a child, and those visions propel him into a state where his imagination causes him to carry out violent acts. A rising star at agri-industry giant Archer Daniels Midland (ADM), Mark Whitacre suddenly turns whistleblower. Even as he exposes his company's multi-national price-fixing conspiracy to the FBI, Whitacre envisions himself being hailed as a hero of the common man and handed a promotion. The terrifying thriller tells the story of Sara (Lydia Bosch, 'Grand Hotel'), a popular novelist who after suffering a serious accident, it is host to a monastery in the north section of Italy in which dwells an ancient brotherhood. A place stuck in the past: without light, water or telephone, where the Benedictine monks, sitting in the dark, cold and silent, strictly follow the laws of Christianity. When Scooby and the gang get trapped in a video game created for them, they must fight against the 'Phantom Virus.' To escape the game they must go level by level and defeat the game once and for all. Sometimes therapy doesn't work for everyone The story of a group of intoxicated lads driving to a music festival, who seriously injure a young nurse in a night time collision. They make matters far worse by trying to cover up their mistake by hastening the demise of their victim. This, they come to seriously regret as they realise the extent of their culpability and as an unseen killer proceeds to take brutal vengeance. A family drama dealing with real life events. It tells the story of a typical middle class family living in the United States and the dramatic real-world issues they confront that threatens to break the family unity apart. Veronica, the new girl in town, is lured into the woods by a group of senior boys looking to make her a victim. But the boys don't know that Veronica's been trained to handle herself in surprisingly lethal ways. For three WWII veterans, war was nothing compared to the personal battles they would face back home. A family reunion goes awry when the oldest son makes the accusation that his dying father, a famed psychiatrist who also did work for the CIA, adopted his children for the purposes of psychological experimentation. Twins Abraham and Shraga are prisoners of all the dreck piled high around their Brooklyn apartment - until concerned neighbors intercede. Michael Wolffsen (Tyler Mane) receives an urgent phone call and takes his nephew and fiancee and makes the journey home to his only other living relative: his estranged, eccentric (and extremely paranoid) father, Gary (Muse Watson), who is obsessed with building an unassailable compound. Once they arrive at Gary's modest home, surrounded by acres and acres of grounds full of cameras and other security sensors, Michael is surprised and concerned to learn that his father is in the early stages of dementia.  The house is now also covered in supernatural and occult symbols. Welcome to the compound, COMPOUND FRACTURE. Will the stronghold that was designed to save them be their everlasting tomb? Society-girl thrillseeker Lydia's fun comes to an end when she accidentally causes the death of motorcycle policeman. A neglectful mother concocts a plan to kill her live-in nanny when she discovers the nanny is having an affair with her husband. On December 16th, 2011, eight people on their way to Las Vegas stopped in the ghost town of Garlock, California. This footage documents what happened. A harmless game of "Truth or Dare" among friends turns deadly when someone--or something--begins to punish those who tell a lie--or refuse the dare. A couple are given a camera and a set of instructions which they must follow or else someone will die. An American backpacker gets involved with a ring of drug smugglers as their driver, and winds up on the run from his employers across Munich's autobahns. A woman steals her abusive boyfriend's drug money for her three teenage daughters to seek better lives for themselves and a bloody pursuit ensues. A serial killer is loose on the streets of Atlantic City. His ten victims are prostitutes, his methods are ruthless and yet his motives are unknown. Two embattled homicide detectives, Mayfield and Jesse, are in a race against time to catch this killer. They have just a few hours to utilize all of their resources and prevent murder number eleven. But with very few leads, very little support, and luck playing against them they are in for a long night because being wrong is unforgiving and number eleven is already gone. This episode from Histories of Love and Carnage, the first adult-oriented animated feature in Spain, offers a scatological, decidedly unsentimental view of sexuality and old age. When a kidnapping goes wrong, a desperate father risks everything to save his daughter from the men who hold her captive. The untold story of Katherine G. Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson - brilliant African-American women working at NASA and serving as the brains behind one of the greatest operations in history - the launch of astronaut John Glenn into orbit. The visionary trio crossed all gender and race lines to inspire generations to dream big. Beirut, 1982: a young Palestinian refugee and an Israeli fighter pilot form a tentative bond in their attempt to make their way across war-torn Lebanon back to their home. When the mayor of a crime-ridden city and his opponent are both assassinated while seeking election, two FBI agents, John Archer and Mila Driver, reluctantly join forces to investigate the murder only to discover that City Hall holds more secrets than the identity of the killer. A story about two lifelong criminals who maneuver through the shady underbelly of Los Angeles in search of wealth, love and redemption. A couple inherits their family's ancient Italian palazzo where sinister shadows from the past reappear. 7 minutes from now in Nogales, Arizona, Thomas Conrad's life will forever change when he gets caught up in a Mexican cartels poetic game of drug mule chess. High school girl and four other people were forced to play a X-game to take responsibility for what they did in the past. Two rival seamen fight for both a promotion to a captaincy in their shipping line and the attentions of a Havana saloon singer.  Sparks fly as they both try to out do each other in obtaining what they know their opposite is after.  In the end they will need to work together in order to save the day. An innovative narrative about a real estate developer who mysteriously disappears into the Southwestern desert in 1992, leaving behind a series of VHS tapes. Recluse Smith is drawn into a revolutionary struggle between guerrillas and right-wingers in New Zealand. Implicated in a murder and framed as a revolutionary conspirator, Smith tries to maintain an attitude of non-violence while caught between warring factions. A psychic doctor, John Clancy, works with an FBI special agent in search of a serial killer. Set in the midst of the 2009 housing crisis, the life of Cassie Fowler, a single mother and struggling realtor, goes off the rails when she witnesses a murder. Ida and Albin are a happy couple. They set off to a cabin in the vast Swedish woodlands to have a fun holiday with their friends. But under the floorboards is an evil that waits to be unleashed. Mariano, 16, inexplicably and without warning, shoots himself twice and improbably survives. Then, life goes on. His brother pursues a romance with a girl working at a fast-food joint, his mother takes off on a trip with a stranger, and Mariano recruits a woman to join his medieval wind ensemble. A group of elite soldiers sent to infiltrate and extract the lead science team from Pine Gap, Australia's top secret underground military compound, after it comes under attack from unknown forces. The mission is compromised when they encounter a young woman with no memory of who she is or how she came to be there. As they try to escape, the group quickly discovers all is not as it seems and the facility has become a testing ground for something far more sinister. Following a group of students who leaves hateful comments on the page of a fellow pupil who recently committed suicide. Six Montreal CEGEP students head out on a canoe trip to celebrate their graduation. A web of secrets and lies... a stash of coke and cash... the decaying body of a dead biker... their home video falls into the wrong hands as the beauty of the Quebec bush becomes a nightmare... then it gets worse. A Tamil woman stuck in a minefield must convince the army that she is not with the rebel forces. On the trail of a missing girl, an ex-cop comes across a secretive group attempting to summon a terrifying supernatural entity. On 13 January 2011, 24 scientists on night shift enter the control room. On 14 January 2011 at 6.00 PM clock only 1 scientist exits the control room. The other 23 have vanished without a trace. The scientist is questioned by two officers of the investigating detective services. An incredible story begins. In 2009, the small town of Cohasset, Massachusetts was rocked with tragedy. A 17-year-old high school senior named Collin Mason murdered three classmates. All the murders were videotaped and uploaded to the Internet via bit torrent sites and for three days, the world viewed the murders of these three innocent teens. Through legal action, the parents of the victims were able to remove all footage from the Internet and the town tried to save face by pretending it never happened. Bootleg copies of this footage are still passed around and downloaded through illegal means. The impact of this video is still being felt in Cohasset today. The video has become infamous, and is now referred to as The Cohasset Snuff Film. Sara runs a large country house in the middle of the Pyrenees, away from the hustle and bustle of the city. Her peaceful life is interrupted by the unexpected arrival of her stepmother with whom she does not get along. Her stepmother brings her father's ashes. What at first looks like a reconciliation turns into a nightmare. In 2007 author Phillip Muirhouse was left alone in a haunted homestead called 'Monte Cristo'. He was there making a documentary that was to accompany his latest book. He also broke the rule of all ghost hunters.... Never Be Alone. The following is video documentation leading to he is arrest. While working in a medical camp in Singapore, Bond Ravi falls for Meera. He encounters her again in a village while shooting a documentary only to later rescue her from a drug lord Vazhakku Enn 18/9 is a 2012 Tamil Crime Thriller film written and directed by Balaji Sakthivel, starring newcomers Mithun, Sri, Urmila and Manisha in the lead roles.Pre-production of the film began in 2008, with the filming commencing in 2010 only,following several delays. Cinematography is handled by Vijay Milton, while noted guitarist R. Prasanna has scored the music. The movie released on 4th May 2012 with very high critical acclaim.The film has highest rating in all medias Fifteen years ago, a group of men's lives were forever changed by a strange occurrence. Now, the same group of men will spend a night together ... in terror. Six strangers find themselves in circumstances beyond their control, and must use their wits to survive. Hard-hitting character study that's based on the real story of one man's journey to control his violence through religion. It takes us from the blood soaked East End of London to the world of the Islamic whirling dervishes. Tells Lacey Schwartz's story of growing up in a typical upper-middle-class Jewish household in Woodstock, NY, with loving parents and a strong sense of her Jewish identity -- despite the open questions from those around her about how a white girl could have such dark skin. She believes her family's explanation that her looks were inherited from her dark-skinned Sicilian grandfather. But when her parents abruptly split, her gut starts to tell her something different.  At age of 18, she finally confronts her mother and learns the truth: her biological father was not the man who raised her, but a black man named Rodney with whom her mother had had an affair.  Marty is the ideal fifth grader--he gets good grades, listens to his teachers and doesn't start trouble in class. But a darkness is beginning to fall over Marty's life, the kids at school won't stop picking on him, his parents just don't seem to understand him, and now Marty must grapple with a terrible secret that threatens to destroy life as he knows it--his big brother is a serial killer! An unlikely duo, Lieutenant Tom Royko of the Seattle Bomb Squad and renowned heart surgeon, Dr. Gillian Hayes, find themselves in a race against time to track down a disturbed bomber who is inexplicably causing Dr. Hayes' patients to explode. Love Me follows Western men and Ukrainian women as they embark on an unpredictable and riveting journey in search of love through the modern "mail-order bride" industry. A young mother (Kate Lyn Sheil) seeks a rural retreat from the doldrums of married life. A writer, possessed by a terrifying story hunts for its secret heart in a mysterious landscape. He journeys into unknown, dreamlike places, haunted by the infamous Hum emitted from a strange factory. Alex, a lovable, unassuming dog trainer is in love with a great woman - Katherine - smart, talented, from a good family. Katherine adores Alex's quirky sense of humor, honesty and capacity to listen. Having decided to pop the question, Alex is blindsided when Katherine produces a detailed list of well-thought-out "improvements" she feels will tweak Alex on their way to becoming the ideal couple. Alex instinctively rejects the suggestion that he needs to change anything. But with the threat of a new competitor, Alex decides to "do the list." Guided by a coterie of friends that include: Dave, Alex's loyal childhood buddy, best female friend Lily, her husband Michael, and their 8 year old son, Nicky, Alex's journey has him reconsider and question his beliefs, values and world. A story of revenge from beyond the grave, centering on a group of teenagers who unknowingly supply the catalyst for the murdered Jonah's return from the grave. The last two decades have seen a striking decline in the quality of sound and listening experience. Compressed music, MP3s and streaming, have diminished the quality and flattened the emotion. Marketing gimmicks and convenience now take the place of excellence. The Distortion of Sound is an eye-opening expose of the current state of sound starring Linkin Park, Slash, Quincy Jones and more. This documentary will open your ears and inspire you to reach for richer, more soul-stirring musical experiences. After playing a pagan ritual on a dare, a group of high school students find themselves trapped in an endless cycle of their worst fears. A power-company troubleshooter (Bruce Cabot) has his brother (Edward Norris) get him out of prison by running high voltage to the bars of his cell. Harry Potter has lived under the stairs at his aunt and uncle's house his whole life. But on his 11th birthday, he learns he's a powerful wizard -- with a place waiting for him at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As he learns to harness his newfound powers with the help of the school's kindly headmaster, Harry uncovers the truth about his parents' deaths -- and about the villain who's to blame. A woman wakes up locked in a small room with no memory of how she arrived there. Unable to escape, and tormented by a series of paranormal entities, she must uncover the riddle of who she is and how she got here. "blackhats" is about a reformed, hot-tempered bounty hunter, whom, finds his new harmonious life as a Fugitive Recovery Agent threatened, when he must track down a group of cyber hackers before they are assassinated by a rival bounty hunter while also trying to prevent a massive viral attack that could collapse America's economic foundation. Set in the bleak underworld of the Hungarian and Italian human trafficking business, the story follows Nora, a young girl taken from an orphanage in Budapest to be sold on the streets of Italy as a prostitute. It becomes a violent race against time, as the authorities fail to track her down, Nora is taken on a nightmarish journey of fear and betrayal. Soon becoming live bate caught in the midst of two warring Mafia families. Her mysterious "transporter" may become her only friend and her only way out. Anjali Malhotra comes to India in search of her husband. But she has to face corruption everywhere and is left clueless about the mystery of her missing husband. The story of French high-wire artist Philippe Petit's attempt to cross the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center in 1974. A spellbinding and romantic supernatural thriller. Ten years after an apocalyptic event left the world haunted by ghosts, Roni receives a threatening message from beyond the grave. Joining forces with a mysterious classmate, Kirk, Roni descends into a shadow world that blurs the bounds of the living and the dead-and begins a desperate race against time to stop a cunning killer. College students are invited to play a game sponsored by a website. When students start the game in the mountains of Colorado, they discover that the stakes they are playing for are not just a cash prize. After a terrible accident leaves Goldman Andrews scarred for life, he spends the next eight years as a recluse living vicariously through reality TV. His wealthy parents come up with the idea of producing a fake reality dating show so that Goldman can pick his wife. Nine women fly to France looking for love and adventure. As private information about their lives is revealed, Goldman narrows down his choice for a wife. The "elimination process" is about to begin. Raul, a tow truck driver in Miami Beach, learns that every choice has its rewards and consequences. Driving, lost and tormented in the night, primal fears of the dark and the unknown give way to fear that you have let the evil in, or that it is already there. Former race car driver Brent Magna is pitted against the clock. Desperately trying to save the life of his kidnapped wife, Brent commandeers a custom Ford Shelby GT500 Super Snake, taking it and its unwitting owner on a high-speed race against time, at the command of the mysterious villain holding his wife hostage. Fragmentary short by Heinrich Brocksieper. In 2007, when NBA referee Tim Donaghy got caught betting on games he worked, he said two men associated with the Gambino crime family - a bookie named Baba Battista and a drug dealer named Tommy Martino - threatened to kill his family if he didn't give them gambling picks. That's what Donaghy told the FBI, that's what he told 60 Minutes, and that's what he testified in court. But that's not what really happened. That's not even close. INSIDE GAME is the untold true story of one of the biggest scandals in sports history. Packard Walsh and his motorized gang control and terrorize an Arizona desert town where they force drivers to drag-race so they can 'win' their vehicles. After Walsh beats the decent teenager Jamie Hankins to death after finding him with his girlfriend, a mysterious power creates Jake Kesey, an extremely cool motor-biker who has a car which is invincible. Jake befriends Jamie's girlfriend Keri Johnson, takes Jamie's sweet brother Bill under his wing and manages what Sheriff Loomis couldn't; eliminate Packard's criminal gang the hard way... A party held in one of the most haunted houses in the country as a publicity stunt to launch a new liquor company ended with 51 people dead. The police arrived on the scene to find the house on fire. They managed to rescue one person from the blaze, a beautiful model from New York who is not the prime suspect in the murder trial. A camera containing footage from that night was also found in the house and delivered to investigators. This is the restricted footage leaked by a jury member in one of the most infamous murder trials in US history and the first of its kind of include paranormal evidence.  Lewis is an outwardly ordinary guy, but in reality he is hiding an obsession - revenge - against Cathy. Lewis kidnaps Cathy in broad daylight and takes her to his home, where he locks her in a soundproof cell and attempts to extract a dark secret from her past. In the city of Ghaziabad, gang war breaks between two rival groups led by Satbir Singh and Fauji. Thakur Pritam Singh, a corrupt police officer, is transferred to the city to handle the situation. Follows the life of Stephen Dobyns as he deals with life, women, and his move from journalism to poetry. After failing to get into the police academy, Chris Potamitis settles for a security guard job with an armoured truck company. After he makes the mistake of mentioning the company's lax security to his best friend, He's unwittingly drawn into an elaborate scheme to rob the abundant amounts of cash being stored on their premises--resulting in the largest cash heist in U.S.history. An innocent man turns fugitive as he reconstructs events that implicate him for a murder and robbery he did not commit. Thirteen years ago, Aiden Ashley's world was torn apart after an online stalker followed her into the real world and broke into the Ashley family home to claim the object of his desire. The resulting night of terror ended with the murders of both Aiden's mother and father. The stalker escaped the scene without Aiden seeing his face; he is gone without a trace, an unknown man, a murderer now watching Aiden's every move. To escape this danger Aiden spends the next 13 years offline, in therapy and secluded anonymity. Who should Aiden trust in a web of deception where no one may be who they seem? There is nowhere for Aiden to hide when someone wants to love her to death. Dabbling in the occult is widespread and often thought of as harmless entertainment. But this video shows why it is dangerous to get involved with spiritism, fortune telling, witchcraft, magic, and Satanism. The program introduces the real life stories of those who have been involved in these activities and shows the way out based upon a Biblical perspective. When Steve (Alex Rendall) loses his job, his money, and his apartment, he drunkenly turns to a life of crime. Determined to rob a bank, Steve discovers he's not the only bank robber in town and certainly not the most dangerous. When they mistake him for one of their own, Steve might just pull off the robbery of the century; unless corrupt cops (Catriona Toop), a dangerous lunatic (Kye Loren), the mob, and a renegade bank robber (Tom Knight) with a dark secret catch him first. A dangerous international spy is determined to give up his high stakes life to finally build a closer relationship with his estranged wife and daughter. But first, he must complete one last mission - even if it means juggling the two toughest assignments yet: hunting down the world's most ruthless terrorist and looking after his teenage daughter for the first time in ten years, while his wife is out of town. Crunch Calhoun, a third-rate motorcycle daredevil and part-time art thief, teams up with his snaky brother to steal one of the most valuable books in the world. But it's not just about the book for Crunch -- he's keen to rewrite some chapters of his own past as well. Crystal, the girlfriend of Roman, Jeremiah's American boss whom he kidnaps. As Jeremiah's plans fail, Roman sends Bill, a psychopathic hitman after them. Crystal and Jeremiah tread the dangerous path of a love on the run. But as they run farther and as they fall deeper, a dark secret burns even stronger.  A gun to be heard, a pen to make yourself understood. The identical course of four young West Indians men who arrived to Paris in the 70's. Dexter, age 11, who has AIDS, and his next door neighbor Eric, a little older and much bigger, become best friends. Eric also becomes closer to Dexter's mother than to his own, who is neglectful and bigoted and violently forbids their friendship upon learning of it. Dexter and Erik start the journey to find "The Cure" they had read about in the local newspaper. Daniel Vicente (Shawn Bernal) is Chicago's most feared hit man whose life has been disciplined by an assassin's creed of solitude and tradition. Serving as the right hand man of Patrick Keller (Chad Sheveland), the second most powerful crime lord in Chicago, Daniel has assisted Patrick into the power and status that he holds. However, when an unexpected double cross occurs during the assassination of a well-known council leader, Daniel finds himself the prime target of the fearsome Madame Lo (Allison Carvalho), leader of the triads. After finding out that Patrick approved the hit on him, Daniel is left stunned and angered. Confused, betrayed, and left with no explanation, Daniel must confront old friends and past demons, while questioning his own creed to find out who he can trust, why he was double crossed, and to ultimately find the reason of his existence. Three injured, amnesiac, American immigrants named Red, White, and Blue are trapped in a small room and given "lessons" by a Uncle Sam carving with a radio in it. The doll demands order and the attention of its students, while leaving them in the dark about what happened to them, where they are, and exactly what the explosions and noises they hear outside are. When the wifi disappears, Anderson takes it upon himself to travel across a treacherous wasteland to find the last hotspot to post his last Woman Crush Wednesday on Instagram. 7 friends head to the wilderness of Connemara, Co. Galway for a weekend break to celebrate the first year anniversary of a close friend. First night in they come across a beaten and bloodied male looking for help as he warns them that three masked men attacked him and took his girlfriend, some of the group head into the wooded area in search as others return to their cars which have disappeared. With no houses for miles and no transport they must walk themselves back but are not alone! All caught on camera "Somebody's There" is a intense rollercoaster that will bring documentary style to another level. Two young wolves at opposite ends of their pack's social order are thrown together into a foreign land and need each other to return home, but love complicates everything. A group of tech-savvy teens stream their wild party online. But when Brie (Alice Darling) wakes up, she's all alone. A sinister smiley message tells her that her friends are each trapped in separate boxes. They've all got their phones, but if anyone attempts to call the police or their parents, the penalty will be deadly. Charged. Convicted. Sentenced to Death. Innocent. Follows the 1st death row inmate exonerated by DNA in the US. Fellini exposes his great attraction for the clowns and the world of the circus first recalling a childhood experience when the circus arrives nearby his home. Then he joins his crew and travel from Italy to Paris chasing the last greatest European clowns still live in these countries. He also meets Anita Ekberg trying to buy a panther in a circus. 25 year-old Dwayne McLaren, a former athlete turned auto mechanic, dreams of getting out of tiny Cut Bank, Montana the coldest town in America. But his effort to do so sets in moton a deadly series of events that change his life and the life of the town forever... Drones begins in the Nevada desert, where new girl Sue Lawson joins airman Jack in a hot, windowless bunker from which they manoeuvre unmanned drones across the plains of Afghanistan. Their first day at work is awkward but polite, with Jack all too aware of Sue's privileged status as daughter of a well-respected general. This, however, will be no ordinary mission: as they train their sights on an unarmed terrorist suspect, a power struggle erupts between the smart, sophisticated Sue and the dogged, blue-collar Jack. High schoolers Mitsuha and Taki are complete strangers living separate lives. But one night, they suddenly switch places. Mitsuha wakes up in Taki's body, and he in hers. This bizarre occurrence continues to happen randomly, and the two must adjust their lives around each other. After years of waiting for a signal from home, Takumi and his toy robot companion receive a message that they will be returning to their home planet. Suddenly he's faced with a choice to follow his cosmic destiny or pursue the love of his life here on earth. Loot is the story for five guys who find quick ways of success and accomplishment in life. It is a quest for quick money and better life. In a place where the crime rates are ascending day by day, Loot draws a reality check on the present security system of the city.  Loot is about relationships: it's about friendship and betrayal. Loot is the real picture of Kathmandu; the city of crime and lawlessness like never explored before. On a rusting cargo ship in the South China Sea, it's the young Polish captain's first command. His mutinous Chinese crew suspect him and his unscrupulous Boss of planning to scuttle the ship for an insurance scam. When the crew abandon ship, the young captain is left alone on board, helpless, anchored in a bay. That night while waiting anxiously on deck, he finds a naked body floating in the sea below, tangled up in the ship's rope ladder. Pulling the ladder, the captain discovers a Chinese woman in distress. She climbs on board, saying only "Hide me". Dawn comes a few hours later and so does a search party, looking for a murderer..... A widowed reporter recruits the help of a federal agent to investigate her late husband's secrets, but the two become the target of unknown attackers.  When FBI Agent John Nelson's key informant, Miles, is abducted and shot, all that's left is a severed finger. In order to find a new lead, Nelson travels to New York City to inform widowed magazine reporter Rebecca Scott that her long dead husband, Miles, had only recently been murdered to see if she had heard from him in recent years. Perplexed, Scott joins Agent Nelson in the wealthy enclave of Australia's Gold Coast to find out what really happened. The two soon discover Miles may have been part of an elaborate "Ponzi scheme" to bilk investors, and a vengeful billionaire, out of millions of dollars. As more layers of Miles' secret life are exposed, can the two stay ahead of the mysterious attackers who will stop at nothing to halt their investigation? A couple trapped in a cinema are manipulated into becoming unwilling actors in a film being captured by CCTV cameras. Adriana finds out the son she's expecting suffers a brain malformation that won't allow him to live outside her womb. As therapeutic abortion is illegal in Chile, she must wait until her baby is naturally born. In late summer of 2011, five young friends on a road trip went missing after being attacked by nomadic cannibals in a huge RV. Video was recorded by the victims &amp; recovered by police as evidence in their still-unsolved murders. A young couple has rented an old, remote house by the Mediterranean sea for the summer. There they meet Elias Urquijo, an enigmatic children books writer, whom they quickly befriend. However, something in the house seems to react to the presence of the guests, something that is trying to warn them about the true identity of Elias and what are his real intentions. After 25 years of a good marriage, what will Darcy do once she discovers her husband's sinister secret? A university teacher gets caught shoplifting by a security guard, who won't let him go. He becomes his new best friend and says 'I won't call the cops if you come and have a pint with me'. From there a twisted romance of sorts unfolds. A group of friends are having a party on a boat. In the distance, a small town watches them in silence. Suddenly, one of them is seriously injured and the group approach the village for help. No one attends, the few inhabitants they find order them to be quiet and disappear into the darkness. The group split for help and strange and terrifying things start to happen, some of them are killed in terrible circumstances. Those who still live, increasingly terrified, discover the reason for all these murders. If they want to leave the village alive and the house where they are locked, they will have to survive in absolute silence. After the death of his wife, a grieving man becomes the victim of a horrific experiment to cure his addiction. Gore, Quebec tells the story of two acquaintances who are set up by their mutual friends on a cottage weekend in Quebec. What was supposed to be an exciting and fun weekend, quickly turns into the blind date from hell, as the Couple discover that the cottage is not safe, and that their friends are already dead. The film begins in a home movie found-footage style, but quickly shifts into a more cinematic style once things start unraveling. With a serial killer terrorizing them, the Couple have to either protect one another to survive, or try to escape separately. Do you protect your fellow man, or is survival a solitary journey? When several beautiful models end up dead at the hands of a serial killer, a successful fashion photographer finds himself in a race to clear his name -- and save his life -- after he becomes the prime suspect. Michael and Madison Roland had planned to spend the rest of their lives together, until one day Michael's controlling ways turned their perfect marriage. With the help of her best friend, Madison decides to get away. After adopting a new identity, she meets Alex Stone and learns to love again. All is well, until Michael discovers Madison's whereabouts, and recreate the nightmare she once lived all over again. Princes who have been turned into Dwarfs seek the red shoes of a lady in order to break the spell, although it will not be easy. For three years after being forced from office, Nixon remained silent. But in summer 1977, the steely, cunning former commander-in-chief agreed to sit for one all-inclusive interview to confront the questions of his time in office and the Watergate scandal that ended his presidency. Nixon surprised everyone in selecting Frost as his televised confessor, intending to easily outfox the breezy British showman and secure a place in the hearts and minds of Americans. Likewise, Frost's team harboured doubts about their boss's ability to hold his own. But as the cameras rolled, a charged battle of wits resulted. A group of college friends reunite for a trip to the forest, but encounter a menacing presence in the woods that's stalking them. Alex Jones exposes the growing militarization of American law enforcement and the growing relationship between the military and police. Witness US training with foreign troops and learning how to control and contain civilian populations. You will see Special Forces helicopter attacks on South Texas towns, concentration camps, broad unconstitutional police actions, search and seizure and more. New York City detective Daniel Ciello agrees to help the United States Department of Justice help eliminate corruption in the police department, as long as he will not have to turn in any close friends. In doing so, Ciello uncovers a conspiracy within the force to smuggle drugs to street informants The LA police are baffled: someone is killing people who have been found innocent of violent crimes. At the crime scenes, DNA evidence and clues linked to chess point to a suspect who's dead, recently executed for murders with a similar M.O. The cops call on Dan Marlowe, an ex-cop with psychic gifts, in an asylum after the trauma of the initial investigation. His wife wants him to say no; her brother is his former partner, who leans on Dan to help. Dan's ex-lover, an FBI agent, is also on the case, and behind the scenes is Myron, Dan's chess partner at the asylum. The game turns more deadly when Dan and family become the target. Did the cops initially get the wrong man? When Tuva's parents die in a car crash, she learns that she is adopted. Disappointed with those around her for never telling her the truth, she sets off with her own daughter in search of her biological mother. A young Hungarian woman (played by Hungarian actress Orsi Toth) wakes up inside a crashed car in the middle of nowhere, not knowing where her brother Isti is. Upset and alone, she leaves aboard a cargo ship to keep a promise she made to him. Once at sea, she withdraws into a dream world and loses grip on her life completely. Varg Veum is going to be a father. In a way he could never imagine, life takes on a new direction while he is searching for a missing pair of siblings in the prostitution circles in Bergen. Varg realizes that life will never be the same when he has to make a decision: Let the criminals go free or expose Karin to mortal danger. David begins experiencing cloudy memories of a long-lost life, a murderous existence before he moved to America, where an accident took his memory and his sight. Under the wing of Don Michele, he was a chosen of the violent, Sicilian Cortello family...a family he ultimately betrayed. Now fleeing his ruthless New York City mafiosa existence as part of the family overseen by the irrational and explosive Don Federico--his half-brother, unbeknownst to him--David embarks on a journey back to his Italian origins. Enroute on a train, he encounters a mysterious woman, as well as Father Leonard (Danny Glover), who senses that they all have a connection...and that David has a past that weighs heavily on his mind. But the priest has secrets of his own, having long ago murdered the notorious Williams (Steven Bauer). As Don Federico also sets out for Sicily, each of their paths are destined to cross in bloody confrontation, an atonement of long-ago sins. Three skydivers and their travelling thrill show barnstorm through a small midwestern town one Fourth of July weekend. Given the country's overcrowded prisons, the U.S. government begins to allow 12-hour periods of time in which all illegal activity is legal. During one of these free-for-alls, a family must protect themselves from a home invasion. Liverpool, 1978: What starts as a vibrant affair between a legendary femme-fatale, the eccentric Academy Award-winning actress Gloria Grahame, and her young lover, British actor Peter Turner, quickly grows into a deeper relationship, with Turner being the person Gloria turns to for comfort. When New York Police Headquarters is confronted with the horror of a serial murderer loose on the streets of Manhattan, two detectives (Franky G and Jeffrey De Serrano) are tasked with bringing order to the chaos. Oblivious to the danger, six students from all over the world, who now attend school together in New York, are planning a memorial to celebrate the lives of their 30 lost "brothers and sisters" who died suddenly in a tragic plane crash a year prior. A recently deceased man discovers that the afterlife isn't quite what he was expecting. After a bizarre and near fatal encounter with a serial killer, a newswoman is sent to a rehabilitation center whose inhabitants may not be what they seem. Mark wants to lose his virginity, but his girlfriend wants to wait. Unfortunately for both of them, a 400-year-old vampire Countess needs to turn a virgin into a vampire before Halloween in order to preserve her own youthful appearance, and when she finds Mark, she turns his life upside-down. The Addams family's lives begin to unravel when they face-off against a treacherous, greedy crafty reality-TV host while also preparing for their extended family to arrive for a major celebration. Escaped prisoners on a Philippine island battle headhunters and other jungle dangers. Birla Bose, an encounter specialist's next assignment takes him to the holy city of Rameshwaram, where the greatest challenge of his career awaits for him. A group of lucky draw winners win a dream vacation on a seemingly idyllic island resort. Yet, all is not what it seems as people start disappearing... one by one. after the electric fence that has kept the natural habitat and the human visitors apart starts to malfunction. Myra, an entertainment journalist, soon uncovers the reality of them being trapped on an island infested with deadly and hungry pythons. Without access to telecommunications for help, the only way to get off the island is via a passenger boat that is scheduled to arrive in three days. It was supposed to be an adventure of a lifetime as three young girls spend the summer in Thailand. But their adventure quickly becomes a nightmare when the trio unleashes the spirit of a murdered child with only one thing on her mind - revenge. The movie features the lives of six different persons from different strata of the social life of the city, interconnected due to unexpected events beyond their control. The narrative is patterned like a Rubik's Cube; it's a brainy entertainer that mixes various genres. Underground music blogger Mark Lighthouse (Marc Senter) is preparing for a very special night, driving out to a rental home deep in the mountains to interview his latest indie discovery, an ethereal young singer named Ginger (Elissa Dowling). They'll talk, she'll cook him dinner and then... who knows? Upon his arrival, he's taken aback by Ginger's eccentric charm and beauty. Mark senses that anything is possible tonight. Unfortunately for them both, that is indeed the case. Anything can happen. Everyone has a past, but Ginger's is more unusual than most. Ferocious paranormal horrors begin to erupt across the house, invading physical space and physical bodies alike until confusion and terror reign supreme. Multiple calls to the police result in absolutely nothing... Over the course of a single night, Mark and Ginger will be tested in ways they've never imagined. Their only hope is to try to make it to sunrise -- in some way, shape or form. "Login" is a Hindi feature film about three different individuals and how the Internet and social networking sites affect their lives... A docu-thriller that sets out to uncover the details surrounding the life, brief career, and mysterious death of horror filmmaker Karl Atticus, referred to by some as the forgotten father of the "slasher movie." The film includes interviews with various horror historians and aficionados including Eduardo Sanchez (director of The Blair Witch Project), who posits the question: Why, for 40 years, has the story of Karl Atticus been all but eradicated from the annals of cinema history? The fragile Lia suffers from a deep depression. Her relationship with her boyfriend Viktor is getting worse and worse and in the last desperate attempt to cure herself, Lia goes to visit her old aunt Agata in her creepy 18th century villa. Lazarus Fell, a former naval intelligence officer trained in black ops and tasked with tracking down the most wanted Terrorist in the world, has gone rogue, realizing his mission has been inexplicably compromised by his own chain of command. As a result, Lazarus has faked his own death, forsaken his life, his family and all that matters to him in the world, to continue his solitary pursuit. But he has personal motivations as well, believing his father, Solomon Fell, Chief of Operations for the Office of Naval Intelligence, was killed in the attacks of 9/11 - the event masterminded by the selfsame Terrorist. A young woman, Sonja Daneel, crashes her car near the spectacular Hotel Njala in Hazyview and loses her memory.  Upon her arrival at the hotel, she gets involved with an obsessed family whose lives are controlled by this spooky, eerie hotel. She also quickly discovers that family secrets and an obsession with the past haunt and control their every move.  Sonja soon falls in love with the enigmatic Ryno Lategan, a tour guide who befriends her and promises to help her regain her memory. But when a vicious axe murderer starts terrorising Sonja, she realizes that she has some strange connection to this hotel in her past and that this connection could cost her her life.  Things change when an eccentric investigator, Lieutenant Conrad Nolte and his assistant, Sergeant Berta van Schalkwyk, start investigating the murders at Hotel Njala and make some startling discoveries that even shock these two hardened investigators. A sealed ancient Mayan cave would be blown open unleashing Xtabai to wreak havoc on the world and destroy civilization. She begins by infecting the inhabitants of a nearby village with a terrible and deadly fever. The government responds by placing the village under quarantine. A team of students along with their teacher escape into the jungle to find a cure, guided only by a dream. They go deep into the bowels of the Mayan underworld, hunted by Xtabai herself. Will they ultimately succeed in defeating the evil Xtabai and saving mankind from her curse? How many will live to tell the tale? An allergy-ridden, eavesdropping sound engineer and his boisterous new roommate are thrust into a missing girl case when he discovers clues to her disappearance in his neighborhood recordings. Brace yourself for a spine-tingling thrill ride through Any Other Side! In his feature film debut, China's new-generation filmmaker Fang Yaxi has crafted a scarefest that multiplies the fear factor by offering a trio of stylistically different tales of horror and suspense under an overarching storyline. To appeal to its core audience of genre fans, the movie features an attractive group of screen talents, including Cape No. 7 star Van Fan, Hong Kong model/actress Chrissie Chau, Mainland starlet Deng Jiajia, Taiwan singer/actress Jill Hsu, Singaporean actor Qi Yuwu and singer Yida Huang.  Five friends meet at a bar on the night of Halloween. They take turns to tell spooky stories to each other. In "Vanished", a crippled woman finds herself terrorized by a mysterious killer.... In "One Way Only", a journalist and his little daughter are lost in the twilight zone of time.... In "Night Shift", a doctor must escape from an isolated hospital overrun by zombies.... Life in a middle-class neighbourhood in present day Recife, Brazil, takes an unexpected turn after the arrival of an independent private security firm. The presence of these men brings a sense of safety and a good deal of anxiety to a culture which runs on fear. Meanwhile, Bia, married and mother of two, must find a way to deal with the constant barking and howling of her neighbour's dog. A slice of 'Braziliana', a reflection on history, violence and noise. Our life revolves around perception of truth, in our lives we act only on our ability to judge the truth. Truth though is a fickle thing, paradoxically because it only occurs in absolution; rest is only our interpretation that allows us to live in a certain subjective truth. Addl. Commissioner of Police, Sanket Pujari and the rookie officer, Sameera sit across the television screen to decipher a rare case of multiple homicides caught on camera and this case is going to test their fundamental perception of truth. The true story of Oscar, a 22-year-old Bay Area resident, who crosses paths with friends, enemies, family, and strangers on the last day of 2008. Mrs. Gequil is an eccentric teacher despised by her colleagues and students. On a stormy night, she is struck by lightning and faints. When she wakes up, she feels different. Will she now be able to keep the powerful and dangerous Mrs. Hyde contained? A naive business graduate is installed as president of a manufacturing company as part of a stock scam. A seemingly harmless fit of jealousy between two lovers brings about an increasingly sinister entanglement of events. Hidden secrets are revealed, sly lies are decoded, and eventually the characters begin to show their true colors. In this thriller, gripping until the last minute, nothing is as it appears to be at first sight Driving cross-country, Ray and his wife and daughter stop at a highway rest area where his daughter falls and breaks her arm. After a frantic rush to the hospital and a clash with the check-in nurse, Ray is finally able to get her to a doctor. While the wife and daughter go downstairs for an MRI, Ray, exhausted, passes out in a chair in the lobby. Upon waking up, they have no record or knowledge of Ray's family ever being checked in. A lawyer finds himself in far over his head when he attempts to get involved in drug trafficking. Jean is young, gay, and promiscuous. Only after he meets one or two women, including Laura does he come to realize his bisexuality. Jean has to overcome a personal crisis and a tough choice between Laura and his male lover Samy. After the death of his parents, 10-year-old Jackson Mayhew moves in with his Aunt. But when he befriends an elderly man, he begins to suspect that the old man is actually Santa Claus. A psychological horror film based on the short story by H.P. Lovecraft. Daniel Upton's relationship with his friend Edward Derby is abruptly changed after Edward becomes romantically involved with Asenath Waite, a hypnotist with an odd reputation. As Edward's behavior becomes more erratic and events unexplainable, Daniel investigates. Is it madness...or something far more terrifying? Eugene is a small town barber, beloved by the local community, but hiding a deadly secret. John is hunting for a serial killer not to expose him but to learn the business! They form a twisted bond and turn the town upside down as Eugene teaches John to kill. The Devil's Disciple is a 1959 film adaptation of the George Bernard Shaw play of the same title. The Anglo-American film was directed by Guy Hamilton who replaced Alexander Mackendrick and starred Burt Lancaster, Kirk Douglas, and Laurence Olivier. Mary Grant designed the film's costumes. A male chauvinist guru guides his best prodigy through the art of controlling women, only for the student to find out he is not everything that he seems. A sitcom pilot about the relationships between a group of people who live in the same apartment building. A disturbing psychological thriller, that engages the audience to the point that it is always caught off guard, thus changing the point of view of the two main performers. Following the mysterious death of his dad, Mathew, a Wall Street financial engineer, has to build a columbarium by the family cottage with his younger brother Simon. Inspired by true events, "The Tailor's Apprentice" depicts a struggling father-son relationship in the midst of a drug smuggling scheme. Keegan Dark returns to the the heart of California's winery valleys to make peace with his long-estranged family. Instead, he finds a harrowing mystery that endangers his family's lives and livelihood. Wolfgang, a professional mercenary for hire is thrust in the middle of a local dispute when hired by a wealthy benefactor. But when he develops a friendship with a young orphan and a local tour guide, he is torn between his loyalty to violence for money, and righting wrongs in the name of innocents. She survived a brutal massacre, but lost her life. What happens to the final girl once the credits have rolled? Five years ago, a masked killer brutally murdered a group of friends. Since then, Camryn, the lone survivor, has tried to make sense of the homicidal events and struggled to reclaim her shattered life. Wracked with guilt and paranoia, can Camryn ever have a normal existence again or is she destined to cope alone forever? Part slasher movie, part character study, take a penetrating and intimate look at what happens to the remaining true victim of every horror movie. A Neo-Noir Marathi film on a detective who's looking for an opportunity to bring a change in his monotonous life... The lives of a rookie cop, a streetwise orphan and a beautiful young ex-teacher collide explosively in the drug underworld of Mumbai in this edgy, powerhouse thriller that exemplifies the verve and excitement of India's new independent cinema. A teenage boy is sent to a juvenile reform facility in the wilderness. As we learn about the tragic events that sent him there, his struggle becomes one for survival with the inmates, counselors, and the retired war colonel in charge. Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss, Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past--as well as a dogged police detective who's been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy's estranged son becomes a target, Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now, with nowhere safe to turn, Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right. An illegal immigrant from Albania infiltrates the lives of a group of Londoners with devastating consequences. A dance troupe trapped in their theatre by the Zombie Apocalypse discover that the threat doesnt just lie beyond the chained doors, and that there are indeed worse things than being torn apart by critics. Vishwanathan, a Kathak dance teacher in New York, is in a rather happy marriage with Nirupama who is a nuclear oncologist. Nirupama is from a middle class family in Chennai, she marries Vishwanath (a dance master) to pursue her higher studies in the USA. But when Nirupama wants to break up with her husband, she engages a private detective. That's when the pandora's box opens up. A burglar falls for an heiress as she dies in his arms. When he learns that he has the gift of reincarnation, he sets out to save her. In a woods filled with magic and fairy tale characters, a baker and his wife set out to end the curse put on them by their neighbor, a spiteful witch. A documentary about 'The Magnificent Seven'. A house sitter bites off more than he can chew when a dead body mysteriously shows up at the estate he's watching. Home Minister Janardhan Jagirdarand chief Minister Anna Saheb are much concerned over the criminal activities of underworld dons Rawal and Rauf Lala. Rawal is operating from Bangkok while Rauf supervises his gang from Mumbai. The famous Encounter Squad is activated to counter the gangsters and restore peace in the area. The formidable Sadhu Agashe (Nana Patekar) is requested to take charge of the peace-keeping mission. At first he is reluctant but after continuous insistence, he agrees to launch a counter attack against Rawal and Lala Rauf gangs and the action begins. When novelist Paula Martin retreats to the seclusion of her family home Crows Hall she hopes to clear her mind and focus on her new book. The arrival of an assistant, Linda, should take the pressure off... but as the bodies pile up, Paula finds herself trapped in a terrifying nightmare of murder and madness. Wealthy wine maker Jonathan Bragg (Keith Carradine) hires Tuscan wine detective (Gaetano Guarino) to discover the source of a mysterious bottle of wine. Based on Edgar Allan Poe's "The Cask of Amontillado". Dressed as a clown, the clever rascal Grimm holds up the most secure bank of Montreal and takes 30 hostages. While confusing and ridiculing the police with his strange behavior, he calmly manages to rid the bank of a fortune. But then an unsatisfied companion arouses trouble... Fourteen-year-old Mackenzie is sent to live with her uncle in Juneau when her mother can't care for her anymore. The living situation quickly takes a turn for the worse, and she runs away to rejoin her mother in Seattle. While on her dangerous journey of sleeping in cars and breaking into hotel rooms, she's drawn to Rene, a lonesome backpacker looking for tranquility in the wilderness. A gallerist risks her family and flourishing career when she enters into an affair with a talented painter and slowly loses control of her life. A man falls in love with a beautiful girl, who also loves him. But later, after the man gets injured in a car accident, the truth about her identity is revealed. Featuring the full Champions League Final, pre-match build up, highlights from all the games in the competition, interviews and the Victory parade!  The Final  Liverpool 3 - AC Milan 3  3-2 Penalties  The Road To Istanbul  Graz AK (A) 2-0  Graz AK (H) 0-1  Monaco (H) 2-0  Olympiakos (A) 0-1  Deportivo La Coruna (H) 0-0  Deportivo La Coruna (A) 1-0  Monaco (A) 0-1  Olympiakos (H) 3-1  Bayer Leverkusen (H) 3-1  Bayer Leverkusen (A) 3-1  Juventus (H) 2-1  Juventus (A) 0-0  Chelsea (A) 0-0  Chelsea (H) 1-0  AC Milan (A) 3-3 (3-2 Pen) Michael Chambers has come home to Austin, Texas. To the mother who's starting a new life and the brother driven by old jealousies. To the places he remembers and the memories he can't forget. And to Rachel, the woman he married and then betrayed with his passion for gambling. Now she's together with Tommy Dundee, a man no one trifles with. He takes care of her in a way Michael never could, but there's a price for his attention and Rachel knows this. And when Michael devises a plan to get Rachel out from under Tommy's control, they become entangled in a web of intrigue, danger and desire from which no one escapes unscathed. Lucas is a scientist who works near the European experimental project that focus on advanced 'human neuron research'. The project is to transfer neuron information from one human mind to another. Lukas is chosen to connect his mind with a comatose woman he named Aurora. Marcin Krysztalowicz's film is both a partisan ballad, showing the real face of German occupation of Poland during WW2 and a startling war thriller. It tells a story of corporal "Wydra", struggling not only with Germans and Polish traitors but also with his own past... A fatal plane crash changes the lives of Roman and Jake forever. Roman loses his wife and daughter in the accident, while Jake loses his mind--as he happens to be the air traffic controller who failed to avert the nightmare. Rage and revenge engulfs Roman and Jake finds himself swamped with guilt and regret. Two leading computer scientists work toward their goal of Technological Singularity,  as a radical anti-technology organization fights to prevent them from creating a world where computers can transcend the abilities of the human brain. On 28 November 1979, an Air New Zealand jet with 257 passengers went missing during a sightseeing tour over Antarctica. Within hours 11 ordinary police officers were called to duty to face the formidable Mount Erebus. As the police recovered the victims, an investigation team tried to uncover the mystery of how a jet could fly into a mountain in broad daylight. Did the airline have a secret it wanted to bury? This film tells the story of four New Zealand police officers who went to Antarctica as part of the police operation to recover the victims of the crash. Set in the beautiful yet hostile environment of Antarctica, this is the emotional and compelling true story of an extraordinary police operation. Adapted from the 1951 non-fiction account by psychoanalyst Georges Devereux, "Psychotherapy Of A Plains Indian," the film follows the true story of Picard (Del Toro), a Plains Indian of the Blackfeet nation, as he returns from WWII and begins experiencing unexplainable symptoms shortly thereafter. He travels to the famous Winter Hospital in Topeka, Kansas, where he meets Devereux (Amalric), thus beginning a professional and personal friendship guided by compassion and understanding of Native American culture. The end has come, and a New World Order has arisen. Demi and Christen find themselves living in the apocalyptic era, foretold in the Holy Bible. Now three years already, since the inception of the New World Order. Valentine's Night is a 2012 Hindi-language romantic thriller film directed by Krishan Kumar and Baadal, featuring Payal Rohatgi, Sangram Singh, Rahul Minz, Neha Thakur in the lead roles. The films music was composed by Astitva-The Band. The film, produced by Kirshan Kumar and Sanjeev Malhotra, was released on February 10, 2012. Satya is given a different face after he suffers burn-related injuries. After being released from the hospital, he deals with the murderer of his lover Deepti. But his new face has given him new foes. When suppressed memories of an abusive childhood begin to surface, a door is opened that was better left closed. Max, a struggling actor living in South Africa, has flown into Sydney, Australia for the audition of his life. As soon as he lands things start to go horribly wrong when his girlfriend Sallie disappears. Frustrated with the police's lack of progress in finding her, Max embarks on a desperate search for Sallie with the help of childhood friend Richard. The pair's search pushes them to both external and internal extremities in their desperate plight to find Sallie. Pippa is a physically and emotionally scarred former model living as a recluse in her meticulous Georgian flat. When a heist taking place in the same building goes wrong, Pippa's home is broken into by the charismatic Kayleigh. Pippa is taken hostage by this unpredictable and volatile thief who's looking for a temporary hideout, but when outside forces close in, Kayleigh takes a darker path to get her way. As the confined space becomes a fighting ring, in a tense struggle to get out Pippa learns how to stand up for herself once again. After the police find Derek's daughter brutally murdered on the beach, he vows to make the culprit suffer for his actions, even if that person is 'part of the family.'  With careful research into the history of torture, Derek prepares himself and his basement for a week of brutal tactics that will make his daughter's killer feel the pain that he has inflicted upon so many others.  In a time when stranger danger is ever present, a single father learns that it's the ones you trust most who have to be watched the closest. Washington, D.C. psychologist Carol Bennell and her colleague Dr. Ben Driscoll are the only two people on Earth who are aware of an epidemic running rampant through the city. They discover an alien virus aboard a crashed space shuttle that transforms anyone who comes into contact with it into unfeeling drones while they sleep. Carol realizes her son holds the key to stopping the spread of the plague and she races to find him before it is too late. Anton is a cheerful but exceedingly non-ambitious 17-year-old stoner who lives to stay buzzed, watch TV, and moon over Molly, the beautiful girl who lives next door. However, it turns out that the old cliche about idle hands being the devil's playground has a kernel of truth after all. Jason, is bit by a strange organism while on vacation with his girlfriend, Sam, at her sister's secluded farmhouse. The bite begins a transformation in Jason, and now the couple must race against time to figure out what happened to Sam's sister and her family, and what lies in store for them. All of these elements are tantamount to the ultimate fear addressed in the film, the fear of losing a loved one and worse, becoming a monster in their eyes. Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss, Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past--as well as a dogged police detective who's been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy's estranged son becomes a target, Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now, with nowhere safe to turn, Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right. Tensions are high after a Danish freighter is captured and held for ransom by Somali pirates, leading to weeks of high-stakes negotiations - and an escalating potential for explosive violence. A successful human trafficker and dedicated family man is dying, but that's the least of his problems. Documentary Tells Story of Maud Dahme, One of Thousands of Jewish Children in the Netherlands Who Were Hidden and Saved From Nazi Death Camps by Christians. A psychological experiment between two friends spirals out of control. How bad could it be? Natasha is a reckless boarding school senior tabbed by her exclusive club to make its yearly cocaine run to Ecuador. Coming along for the ride is Danny, a twenty-year-old aspiring hockey player from the other side of the tracks, who may just discover that he has fallen for the wrong girl. Starring up-and-comers Haley Bennett and Shiloh Fernandez, this '80s-set love story based on true events is a sexy, fast-paced and intense drama. When two campers on a peaceful weekend excursion are suddenly confronted, harassed, and molested by a pack of heavily armed outdoorsman, a brutal series of events ensues. A struggle for survival and sanity drives the surviving victim into a bloody vendetta of rage. The hunters become the hunted in a malicious game of cat and mouse. Mirccu has a dream job as the PR coordinator of a record company. When her boss, the music mogul Martin threatens to fire her, she is forced to find her own way to success. Together with her football-playing boyfriend Roba who is recovering from an ankle injury she has to reflect whether the good times are really over, and to what lengths they are willing to go to survive. She is given one last chance to prove herself by successfully launching the career of an obnoxious fifteen-year-old teenage star-to-be with the code name Dirty Bomb. A action thriller directed by Richard Friedman. A high stakes poker game. A drug lord. A million dollars. A set of ruthless killers who want it all. Jessica and her fiance Evan just moved from the city into their dream home on a quiet suburban street. Soon after, Jessica catches her seemingly friendly new neighbor, Simon, in a strange lie and can't let her suspicions rest. The danger escalates when Simon lures her inside his home and imprisons Jessica in his secret bunker, meticulously decorated in the idealized style of the 1950's. A female TV reporter, Alice is thought dead from an ambush in Southern Philippines. Just when her husband Mark moves on with his life, Alice is found alive. As they file into the deliberation room, 11 jurors are ready to convict the defendant of 14 counts of murder, but one holdout forces the others to reevaluate the evidence -- and their own motives -- in this tense courtroom drama. As the jurors sift through the case, more of them start to lean toward an acquittal, but could one of them have a hidden agenda? This thriller starring Yancy Butler and William Forsythe holds plenty of surprises. A 16-year-old web blogger on a mission to understand her sexuality, a former internet millionaire on a desperate quest for personal redemption, and a dangerous sociopath killing for love - all on the road to Las Vegas. An FBI agent and an Interpol detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances and reward their audiences with the money. Lucia's perfect life crumbles down the night she is beaten up by her husband. She then meets a seductive youngster, also hunted by a dark past. Their families and friends braid together in a mosaic of love, secrets and vengeance. A Catholic priest becomes so possessed by the confessions given to him that he goes on a killing spree to purge the world of evil. He's also a Neil Diamond impersonator. A homeless amnesiac strives to unlock the secret to his best friends murder but at the cost of unlocking his own checkered past. Redirecting a wrongly posted letter leads an ex-priest into the fantasist world of an ex-scientist trying to clone Princess Diana, and her enemies hellbent on trying to stop her. Caught in the crossfire of justice and lust, he is forced o choose the right path - but does he know what horror awaits him...? If you want to melt away fat, build lean muscle and get serious about your fitness, then join Stephanie Oram and XTFMAX. XTFMAX includes 12 complete workouts designed to shred fat and build long lean muscle in just 90 days. Each workout demonstrates 4 different workout levels so regardless if you are a beginner, or ready to take it to the next level atheletically, this program works for you. During the troubled shooting of several movies, David, the prop man's assistant, meets an aspiring actress who tries to find work in the studio. Things get messy when the stagehands decide to go on strike. In the late 1800s, a fanatical religious leader, a renegade Sheriff, and a former prostitute collide in a blood triangle on the rugged plains of the New Mexico Territory. Three manic idiots--a lawyer, cab driver and a handyman--team up to run a ballet company to fulfil the will of a millionaire. Stooge-like antics result as the trio try to outwit the rich widow and her scheming big-shot lawyer, who also wants to run the ballet. Claude is an easily overlooked statistics professor. After a childhood trauma left him motherless, he formed a dysfunctional craving. To satisfy the depraved hunger, he kidnaps Kim from the park and holds her captive in his basement. As the days pass and Claude's truths are revealed, her fear slowly turns to comfort and compassion...or does it? A Chicago Police Detective is being investigated by Internal Affairs for misconduct following his confession of ghost sightings. Emilka meets the slightly-older Maciek out at a club one night. He shows Emilka--who was brought up by a single mom--a whole new world filled with desire, passion, restlessness and rebellion. The girl moves in with him and at first everything seems just perfect, but gradually Emilka discovers her separate identity, and starts to grow apart from him. When her dream of becoming a singer comes true, Maciek feels threatened. A toxic love game begins, full of lust and jealousy. More than two decades have passed since Sarah Connor prevented Judgment Day, changed the future, and re-wrote the fate of the human race. Dani Ramos is living a simple life in Mexico City with her brother and father when a highly advanced and deadly new Terminator - a Rev-9 - travels back through time to hunt and kill her. Dani's survival depends on her joining forces with two warriors: Grace, an enhanced super-soldier from the future, and a battle-hardened Sarah Connor. As the Rev-9 ruthlessly destroys everything and everyone in its path on the hunt for Dani, the three are led to a T-800 from Sarah's past that may be their last best hope. The haunted Lambert family seeks to uncover the mysterious childhood secret that has left them dangerously connected to the spirit world. An office worker is trapped inside the building where a killer is on the loose. A porn star is hired by a dashing intelligence officer as a 'honey-trap' for a dreaded assassin. She not only has to confront her bitter-sweet past, but is also forced to make an impossible choice - one that will put her own life in jeopardy. Zara loses her child due to miscarriage. Bilal and Zara decide to adopt a child but they don't know what is going to happen to them. A psychological thriller set in the world of underground dubstep, Snap is the story of Jim Whitman, a brilliant but painfully introverted musician who develops a crush on a young social worker. KELLY is a beautiful young 16-year old who, like many teenagers, feels her life has become unbearably dark and depressed. Unable to make a meaningful connection with anyone around her, least of all her workaholic mom LAURA LEE, Kelly decides she'd rather be with her dad, who died several years before. The suicide attempt fails, but Laura Lee gets an urgent wake-up call and is determined to give Kelly some desperately needed attention. Hoping a change of scenery will help, mom and daughter rent a house for a long summer vacation. THE BIG HOUSE ON THE HILL offers peace, quiet, and ... mystery. A couple live a mediocre life and are thrilled to have won an exotic vacation to Fiji & their excitement increases when they get a chance to play "Tell all truth" game for a mind boggling prize money. The game begins and the couple discovers that the game isn't really a game, but is a game of survival. After the passing of her mother, a young woman in a wheelchair since birth, is forced to deal with her sister, brother-in-law, niece and their nanny as they say their goodbyes to mother. When people start turning up dead, Nica discovers the culprit might be a strange doll she received a few days earlier. Darren Mullet, a bullied asthmatic, is driven to suicide by his tormented life - ignored by his parents, ridiculed by his teachers and bullied at school. He returns from the dead to pay his teenage tormentors a final visit. A documentary crew follow the down spiral of a family on the verge of losing everything. Tony Luke, Jr. stars as Joey Nardone, an out-of-shape boxer, who after 8 years in prison for an unfortunate accident leaves prison and gets a shot at redemption by fighting for one young boy's future - 14 year old Jesus. An elderly countess strikes a bargain with the devil and exchanges her soul for the ability to always win at cards. An army officer, who is also a fanatic about cards, murders her for the secret, then finds himself haunted by the woman's spirit. A young man is fired from his job at the sea port and begins to stalk his boss and his beautiful wife. After a blood chilling turn of events, he attempts to escape his past by moving into the lavish mansion previously owned by his boss. The embittered young man tries to assume a new identity and lead a luxurious life, but nothing will prepare him for an unsettling visit by a vaguely familiar guest. After that unnerving encounter, the house will no longer be a safe haven, becoming, instead, a twisted and dangerous trap haunted by menacing spirits. Cassie is tormented by visions of murder. Terrifying images flood her dreams and attack her waking hours. Her dreams are her curse and keep her isolated from the everyday world. Cassie's life is thrown into disarray when a mysterious detective comes to her with a bombshell: He tells her that her visions are depictions of real murders, murders that she couldn't possibly have seen. Cassie's pain now has a face, and she must stop the killing at all costs. The twisted, childlike killer targets Cassie's loved ones, and the race is on to stop her. Cassie is thrown together with her former lover as they scramble towards a shocking revelation that will change everything. A psycho with an insatiable appetite for women's flesh is tracked by a detective. An unlikely friendship between 2 young men becomes everything, when an Australian soldier takes refuge under the canopied jungles of Singapore, during the violent Japanese invasion in World War II. Jim is lost, injured and defenseless in a hostile, tropical world, hunted by Japanese troops, Seng, a Singapore-Chinese resistance fighter emerges from the jungle and the two young men find themselves thrown together hoping to survive. In rural Indiana, Noah and his impoverished family wrestle with the mysterious return of his now mute sister, Lauren, who was kidnapped and held captive for over a decade. Jason, a documentary filmmaker, searches for a cult leader who claims to be an angel sent by God. Struggling with his own loss of faith, Jason falls down a rabbit hole of doubt, distress and paranoia, while seeking answers about how this group knows who he is and what they want from him. On the same day a burglar wants to kill you and your ex wants to make up - and for the life of it, you can't decide which is worse. A series of brutal, cult-like murders are taking place at a New England college. Josh Greene, a shy freshman, is the lone survivor of a series of murders that are reminiscent of a similar string of killings some twenty years prior. As he seeks to uncover the secret behind the attacks, he is joined by Detective Forrester, who was instrumental in halting the bloodshed before, and his daughter Meg, who had barely escaped being a victim previously. Calvin is a young novelist who achieved phenomenal success early in his career but is now struggling with his writing - as well as his romantic life. Finally, he makes a breakthrough and creates a character named Ruby who inspires him. When Calvin finds Ruby, in the flesh, sitting on his couch about a week later, he is completely flabbergasted that his words have turned into a living, breathing person. After an archaeologist and his students excavate a Templar Knight's tomb, they are thrown into the middle of an ancient blood feud. They must either follow the Templar's ancient path or face destruction at the hands of a dark league of assassin. Life could be wonderful for Livia and Marco: good-looking, young, and Tim's parents. Tim is nine months old. His screaming every night drives his parents around the bend, although he was supposed to cement their relationship. But instead of slumber and sex, it's the same every night: jump out of bed and into the wobbly old Golf whose engine sound is the only thing that calms Tim down. One night, the unbelievable happens... Police Chief Jesse Stone, who was suspended by the Paradise, Mass. Town Council, begins moonlighting for his friend, State Homicide Commander Healy, by investigating a series of murders in Boston, leaving Rose and Suitcase to handle a crime spree in Paradise on their own. Jesse pours his energy into his work in an effort to push away his twin demons: booze and women. When his investigation leads to notorious mob boss Gino Fish, Jesse's pursuit becomes hazardous. Five college friends go on a hiking trip in a remote area.  What starts as a beautiful sunny day, turns into a deadly  nightmare.  After an encounter with a strange kid who just  wants to play a game, their car mysteriously dies in the night.  Stranded in the middle of nowhere, they decide to wait it out  and find help in the morning... But not all of them make it through  the night.  As they desperately search for their missing friends,  they stumble upon the haunting truth behind the strange kid, who  has actually been dead for decades, and find themselves  unwilling participants in his deadly game. Elmer takes up wildlife photography While researching a story that centers around an interface that connects the brain to a virtual reality super-computer, investigative reporter Sara Lincoln struggles with the technology's social and moral implications as the lines between her ethics, the virtual world, and reality blur. A university student and some classmates are recruited to carry out a private experiment -- to create a poltergeist. Their subject: an alluring, but dangerously disturbed young woman. Their quest: to explore the dark energy that her damaged psyche might manifest. As the experiment unravels along with their sanity, the rogue PHD students, led by their determined professor, are soon confronted with a terrifying reality: they have triggered an unspeakable force with a power beyond all explanation. An indigenous detective returns to the Outback to investigate the murder of a young girl. Five friends play a game in a "mysterious" forest with a long history as a beacon for troubled young people contemplating suicide. Sometimes the Dead have unfinished business. A storm from hell brings mysterious strangers . . . who come with secrets. Emma is a struggling romance writer. David is a traumatized war veteran struggling with his past and sleeping in his van. They face an evil and terrifying menace as the strangers appear. Veronica arrives naked. Coby has blood on him. Then the Others come. Sex and murder, lust and deadly vengeance make this a night that the romance writer and her new friend will never forget . . . if they survive. Set in an antique house amidst the haunted saltwater marshes of Cape Cod, like the Sixth Sense, the film marries Hitchcock and the paranormal in a tightly plotted thriller. Max is a handsome young man who, after a fateful tryst with a German soldier, is forced to run for his life. Eventually Max is placed in a concentration camp where he pretends to be Jewish because in the eyes of the Nazis, gays are the lowest form of human being. But it takes a relationship with an openly gay prisoner to teach Max that without the love of another, life is not worth living. Kat Connors is 17 years old when her perfect homemaker mother, Eve, disappears. Having lived for so long in an emotionally repressed household, she barely registers her mother's absence and certainly doesn't blame her doormat of a father, Brock, for the loss. But as time passes, Kat begins to come to grips with how deeply Eve's disappearance has affected her. Returning home on a break from college, she finds herself confronted with the truth about her mother's departure, and her own denial about the events surrounding it... Following a short trip to visit his family back in India, Raj returns to Israel and his work as caregiver to an elderly man, only to be greeted by a Filipino woman who seems to have taken over his job. When it becomes clear that the old man prefers a female presence around the house, Raj must find a way to reclaim what he feels is rightfully his. (Leeds International Film Festival 2018). Long ago in the Iron Age a shadow loomed over a lonely village. For generations the village youths are stolen from their families and delivered as sacrifice to a mythical beast - the Minotaur, that dwells beneath a great palace. Theo, haunted by the loss of his love in an earlier sacrifice is convinced that the beast isn't real and that his girl still lives as a slave within the palace. His father Cyrnan, the village leader, tries to reason with Theo not to go but Theo is driven by blind rage. He devises a plan and is taken with the other youths who are dragged screaming from their families. Kaufman's Game follows Stanley, an unemployed young man with a passion for boxing, who is keen to improve his strength and stamina. When a stranger approaches him outside the gym with the offer of a specially produced steroid, Stanley is drawn into the ever more violent operations of a powerful organisation, unwittingly entering into a series of tests designed to prove his mettle. This is a film about power, determination and being your own worst enemy. It celebrates the archetypes of classic Film Noir, and the dark, conspiratorial storytelling technique of Franz Kafka, but with a contemporary minimalist aesthetic. A casual companion surrounded Anya with such care and love, which she could not even dream of. And all would be well, but in the way of destined to each other Men and Women a lot of obstacles... A demeaning game-show appearance, an ill-advised mushroom-picking outing that goes horribly off the rails, inquiries from a cynical reporter -- things just keep getting worse for the middle-aged politician at the centre of Estonian director Toomas Hussar's satire about a shallow, fame-obsessed post-Cold War culture. (TIFF)  Jess Bhamra, the daughter of a strict Indian couple in London, is not permitted to play organized soccer, even though she is 18. When Jess is playing for fun one day, her impressive skills are seen by Jules Paxton, who then convinces Jess to play for her semi-pro team. Jess uses elaborate excuses to hide her matches from her family while also dealing with her romantic feelings for her coach, Joe. An ex-mercenary known for finding missing children is hired by a mixed martial arts fighter whose daughter has been kidnapped. Belying their apparent stillness, Emily Richardson's time lapse studies make for compelling and surprisingly eventful viewing: in the case of Redshift (named appropriately, after Hubbles law regarding the different wavelengths of light from stars), the activity is on a galactic scale: the wheeling of the heavens over a ragged line of coast. Her other piece, Nocturne, offers compelling evidence of her gifts as a filmmaker: her extraordinary compositional sense, her precise editing, and her uncanny intimation of the menace and beauty of cities at night. Based in London she is undoubtedly a major talent. -- Shane Danielsen; 57th Edinburgh International Film Festival 2003, Black Box Activity. While searching for a "cure all" serum, Dr. Edward Kanopolus, "Dr. K", is being pressured for results by the pharmaceutical company funding the project. With time running out, tragedy and desperation drive him to make decisions that will jeopardize the lives of everyone around him and ultimately unleash a terrifying monster on a killing spree. A psychological horror/thriller depicting a backwoods family with a dark secret. Financial TV host Lee Gates and his producer Patty are put in an extreme situation when an irate investor takes over their studio. Eva is a divorced soon-to-be empty-nester wondering about her next act. Then she meets Marianne, the embodiment of her perfect self. Armed with a restored outlook on being middle-aged and single, Eva decides to take a chance on her new love interest Albert -- a sweet, funny and like-minded man. But things get complicated when Eva discovers that Albert is in fact the dreaded ex-husband of Marianne... Roberto is a specialist in Criminal Law whose life is thrown into chaos when he becomes convinced that Gonzalo, one of his best students, has committed a brutal murder right in front of the Faculty of Law. Determined to uncover the truth he begins a personal investigation that will soon become an obsession. Four teenage friends go on a road trip through Argentina. On their way, they find a castle left abandoned in the middle of a forest. They decide to investigate further, only to discover it's gruesome secrets and former residents. An Indian family decide to stay at home and drown rather than make way for the Narmada dam Three choices. Move to the slums in the city, accept a place at a resettlement site or stay at home and drown. The people of Jalsindhi in central India must make a decision fast. A small group of survivors are left behind after millions of people suddenly vanish during the rapture and the world is plunged into chaos and destruction. WKBA kickboxing champion and hard-action star Gary Daniels (The Expendables) takes to the screen in a border-crossing, barrier smashing all-action explosion that pits his will to live against the merciless murder machine of a Mexican drug cartel.  Hardened DEA agent Cole finds himself sucked into the deadly underworld of Tijuanna in search of his ex-wife, a journalist who may have gone too far in search of a story. She's been abducted by a charismatic Cartel boss who publicly aspires to public office while privately slaughtering anyone who gets in his way. Now, in a place where two cultures clash and life is cheaper than bullets, Cole is about to discover the cost of shooting to kill when you Misfire. Three friends find themselves trapped in an underground parking garage. They soon discover it is no ordinary parking garage with doorways leading into the past and future and floors that repeat themselves for eternity. As their perception of time and space crumbles around them, they must struggle to keep their sanity, if not their lives. An intimate geographic route where the director narrates in first person the story of his grandfather Ludovico, an Italian arrived in Argentina after fighting in World War II. With very few clues begin to map the features of a grandfather he never knew and soon reveals disturbingly contradictory. When a CIA operation to purchase classified Russian documents is blown by a rival agent, who then shows up in the sleepy seaside village where Bourne and Marie have been living. The pair run for their lives and Bourne, who promised retaliation should anyone from his former life attempt contact, is forced to once again take up his life as a trained assassin to survive. In a secluded cove on the South African coast, a middle-aged writer grieving the deaths of his wife and daughter is drawn into an affair with an alluring teenage girl who is grappling with demons of her own, in this gripping psychological thriller adapted from the award-winning novel by Alistair Morgan. (TIFF) Three friends on a wilderness excursion must outrun a white collar criminal hellbent on retrieving his cash, but soon their greed turns them against each other. A modern re-telling of Treasure of the Sierra Madre (1948). When Sanju a master safe cracker teams up with two dangerous criminals to commit one last heist. The robbery is successful and Sanju is given the task of hiding the money till things cool down and the booty can be split. Three months later, the associates return to collect their share of the loot, but Sanju refuses to even recognize them! They realize he enrolled into an accident and is suffering from strong amnesia and decide to stay with Sanju and his wife Neetu until Sanju remembers where he hid the money. What dangerous game is Sanju playing? Leonora is a woman obsessed by the death of her daughter. Since then, her life has been assaulted by a repetitive dream that will make her initiate a strange journey, in which oniric spaces start melting with reality. A young man is held captive by a deranged surgeon and faced with the choice which can alter his life and the life of his loved ones forever. Akhilan and Vimalan are the conjoined twins of genetic scientist Ramachandran, whose company makes Energion, a dietary supplement that promises to make geniuses out of children. When Russian journalist Volga tells them that there is something fishy about Energion and is mysteriously found dead, their lives are turned topsy-turvy. Two young scientists are swept up in a government plot to suppress the truth about a biological disaster at a genetic research facility. What if you had to wake up on the same day over and over? What if that day was the day your family was murdered? Could you stop it? A beautiful young detective goes to the rescue of a teacher kidnapped by a former student. A young governess, Ann, is sent to a country house to take care of two orphans, Miles and Flora. Soon after her arrival, Miles is expelled from boarding school. Although charmed by her young charge, she secretly fears there are ominous reasons behind his expulsion. With Miles back at home, the governess starts noticing ethereal figures roaming the estate's grounds. Desperate to learn more about these sinister sightings she discovers that the suspicious circumstances surrounding the death of her predecessor hold grim implications for herself. As she becomes increasingly fearful that malevolent forces are stalking the children the governess is determined to save them, risking herself and her sanity in the process. Bernice and Fontayne grew up so tight they could 'go for sisters'. After twenty years apart, they are reunited when Bernice is assigned to be Fontayne's parole officer- just when she needs help on the wrong side of the law. Sam Ellis is a man on the rise -- a hot-shot federal prosecutor on the cusp of a bright political future. But what was meant to be a one-time experience with an escort turns into a growing addiction -- a new demon threatening to destroy his life, family, and career. Financial investigator Juan interrogates the employee Jose the prime suspect of internal fraud. Jose reveals the fraud and the people involved. Two friends Dennis and Joe join the military together. While on a routine mission, the two are quickly surrounded by enemy fire. When Joe stands up in the line of fire to run, Dennis pushes him out of the way and takes a bullet in the throat. Dennis wakes up in hospital to find Joe rewarded as a hero. Joe told a lie and took all the glory, and Dennis was left as a mute from the accident. Dennis can't talk, but actions speak louder then words. The two return home to N.Y. and now the war rages in the streets. Dennis wants revenge on Joe, so he will kill everyone close to him. Modified is a dark science fiction thriller set in an underground world of body modification with technology. Modified boasts an international cast of actors including John Sandeman, Robert Dawson, Cory Sanders, Lia Albers, Joe Law, Megan Anstee and Gabriel Constantin as cyberpunk antiheroes in a high-tech world of easy sex and death.  Kerr (Cory Sanders) searches an underground world of illegal body modification with technology for Cole (Lia Albers) the woman he loves, but soon finds himself caught in a battle for control of the modification scene. Their world will be torn apart. Along with the album 220 Volt Live the video Three Phase was released in 1993. The video imagery is arranged according to the tracks of the soundtrack with emphasis on the Seattle 1992 concert. Short vintage shots of the band retrospective have been edited down from 16 hours of archival film supplied by TD. Live shots are mixed up with pictures of three bicycles pedaling in the desert (Dolls In The Shadow), a despaired man on the streetcorner (Treasure Of Innocence), neon effects and San Francisco night shots (Oriental Haze), night skies (Graffiti Street and Backstreet Hero), colourful geometric patterns (Phaedra) and older shots with longhaired Chris Franke and Johannes Schmoelling (Hamlet). After the end of Apartheid, Archbishop Desmond Tutu meets with a brutal murderer seeking redemption. As Jon (Shawn Welling / Michael Biehn) and Joy Ford (Tory Tompkins) move into the small town of DarkHorse, mysterious and supernatural occurrences threaten to tear the town apart. Teenage girl abductions and a chain of serial killings force good-ol'-boy Sheriff McElroy (Lee Majors / Larry Wade Carrell), the town's rugged symbol of justice, to use any means necessary to keep his beloved town from tumbling into chaos, and when Joy's nieces (Olivia 'ChaChi' Gonzales and Presley Bishop) are kidnapped, they must race to find the abductor and in turn come face to face with a monster. When their daughter is kidnapped by experienced nappers (Bacon and Love), the Jennings' (Theron and Townsend) turn the tables on this seemingly foolproof plan. In 1879, during the Zulu wars, man-of-the-people, Lt. John Chard and snooty Lt Gonville Bromhead were in charge of defending the isolated Natal outpost of Rorke's Drift from tribal hordes, holding out during an Alamo-like siege until they are overwhelmed, losing the battle, but going down in history as heroes. 150 soldiers defended a supply station against some 4000 Zulus, aided by the Martini-Henry rifle "with some guts behind it".  In the hundred years since the Victoria Cross was created for valour and extreme courage beyond that normally expected of the British soldier in face of the enemy only 1344 have been awarded. Eleven of these were won by the defenders of the mission station at Rorke's Drift, Natal, January 22nd to the 23rd 1879. Lisa Boeri is at the top of her corporate career. At night she frequents the notorious Club Tulpa, owned by a mysterious Tibetan guru. Unshackled from repression and guilt, Lisa will do anything with any stranger to attain a higher consciousness. However, when her lovers start getting murdered in shocking ways, Lisa can't go to the police because the scandal would impact her day job. Foolishly she tries to unmask the assassin herself, with truly nightmarish consequences. A portrayal of love and loss, In Bloom shows a personal and realistic tale of losing first love. During a tumultuous summer in Chicago, a serial killer terrorizes boystown while two young men experience the pain of separation and broken hearts. Three people from different walks of life find themselves trapped inside a stalled elevator. What at first seems like an inconvenience rapidly escalates into a nightmare. An evil is unleashed in a small town when a logging company sets up shop in the neighboring woods. Isolated and threatened, a mysterious force hidden within the trees outside the small town of Maiden Woods, strikes fear in the townspeople as Sheriff Paul Shields attempts to overcome the demons of his past while protecting those that he loves. A photographer's life becomes dangerous when one of his models is murdered. A professional poker player falls deep into underworld when he takes an unexpected wager from a mysterious high roller. An impossible love story between Yossi, a former IDF soldier, and Dora, a mysterious French photographer visiting Israel, as they both struggle in vain to leave their pasts behind. A tale of magic and murder unfolds after a young girl discovers an old family chest. Forced to give up his dreams of art school, Zach works dead-end jobs to support his sister and her son. Questioning his life, he paints, surfs and hangs out with his best friend, Gabe. When Gabe's older brother returns home for the summer, Zach suddenly finds himself drawn into a relationship he didn't expect. Set in a troubled town in the center of England, life is tough for Toby, a local fighter down on his luck. His mother is an invalid; the town hates him and a particularly nasty businessman has plans for him that will tear his life apart. One day, after losing a crucial fight, a stranger only known as 'The Collector' arrives to take him away and drop him in the middle of an unforgiving landscape, where he will either sink or swim. Toby realizes that he has died and landed in a cruel holding pattern between heaven and hell, where he must find his own way, or be forever stuck going in circles. Although the journey is at times brutal and cruel, it is an ultimately rewarding story of a lost soul finding its place in the universe. Neville Rumble is a man who struggles to fit into society but see it more as the world's problem than his own. His life takes a very strange turn when he meets Lucy Springer at a people skills training course. A biographical drama centered on the rivalry between Formula 1 drivers James Hunt and Niki Lauda during the 1976 Formula One motor-racing season. Tessa opens her luxurious clinic with a big party. She is smart, beautiful, savvy, and happily married with an intelligent adolescent son. But appearances are deceptive. In reality, her marriage is falling apart, her house renovation is a disaster and the finances of her clinic are a mess. Desperate, she accepts the helping hand of a friend from the past who has turned up suddenly, but in doing so, opens herself up to an ordeal of terror and blackmail. An aging screen icon gets lured into accepting an award at a rinky-dink film festival in Nashville, Tenn., sending him on a hilarious fish-out-of-water adventure and an unexpectedly poignant journey into his past. A 20 year old, runs away from his conservative father to the remote town where his mother died two years ago. He meets an alluring young woman. They search for answers about his mother's death and discover a terrifying entity in the woods  A biopic depicting the life of filmmaker and aviation pioneer Howard Hughes from 1927 to 1947, during which time he became a successful film producer and an aviation magnate, while simultaneously growing more unstable due to severe obsessive-compulsive disorder. Malik Ayaz, a general in the army of Sultan Mahmud of Ghazni: Ayaz (1960)was a landmark movie in 2 ways-its story was based on Muslim historical background, story of Mahmood Ghazanvi(971-1030A.D.)and his companion Ayaz (subject of this movie).Also this movie's film songs were super-hit due to the superb music of Khurshid Anwar. A rogue submarine captain pulls together a misfit crew to go after a sunken treasure rumored to be lost in the depths of the Black Sea. As greed and desperation take control on-board their claustrophobic vessel, the increasing uncertainty of the mission causes the men to turn on each other to fight for their own survival.  Damien Shadows introduces you to 5 blood curdling horror films, all of which are actually enchanted and or cursed. Damien shows you how to ward off the spirits after each terrifying tale in this anthology. From demented sisters, to panty raids gone wrong, to killer mimes and bad periods, this film will take you on one wild ride! Two couples go to a Haunted House Amusement where the two girls are taken by a Demon that has been risen from hell and his henchman . In this emotionally charged thriller, Harper is forced to face horrifying secrets of her childhood in order to give her daughter a better future. But how far will she go to forget the past? A rock singer makes a deal with a mysterious doctor who promises to return his voice with horrifying consequences. Drina, a young immigrant working as a live-in maid for a wealthy Long Island family, finds herself entangled in the family's web of dark secrets once she begins to suspect her employer's son has committed a terrible crime. After fighting his way through an apartment building populated by an army of dangerous criminals and escaping with his life, SWAT team member Rama goes undercover, joining a powerful Indonesian crime syndicate to protect his family and uncover corrupt members of his own force. This rare film of Steve Carter's play features many of the leading actors of the era before they went on to achieve international fame, was shown on WABC in New York, and has not been seen since. An emotionally charged drama of family, friends, and former lovers confronting the ghost of the family patriarch at his funeral. Martin is a screenwriter, who finds himself in one of his own plays: A young woman is found dead in the Thames and no one really knows, what has happened to her. The story is about a 12 year old girl who loses her mother in an automobile accident. Her father struggles with the loss of his wife and trying to raise his young daughter who believes her father is partly responsible for her mother's death. Belle's maternal grandfather is a changed man since losing his daughter in the accident. He finds it difficult to have a relationship with Belle since she is a constant reminder of her mother. It is Atticus the new puppy who will change Belle's life and the lives of those who love her Garnet Montrose (Michael Beihn) returns home to West Virginia after suffering horrible facial disfigurement from wounds at the battle of Guadalcanal. He watches his former sweetheart Georgia (Maureen Mueller) from his farm down the road. Garnett is obviously socially withdrawn because of his injuries, and he soon enlists the help of itinerant young farmhand Potter Daventry (Patrick Dempsey) to deliver notes to Georgia. Garnet begins to open up to Potter before he suspects him of delivering more than letters. Potter quickly becomes a major focus in both Garnet and Georgia's lives in this drama taken from the novel by James Purdy.  With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent. A mall security guard--and former federal agent--crosses paths with a drug kingpin's enforcer after the guard saves a woman from danger. What would you do on the last day on Earth?  With the end of the world only hours away, the self-absorbed James heads to the ultimate party-to-end-all-parties. On his way there, he saves the life of a young girl named Rose who is searching desperately for her missing father. This simple act sets James on a path to redemption. Stunning, stylish neo-noir about choice and coincidence... and how they define the trajectory of life. Killian commits armed robbery, gets caught, serves 4 years, gets out and returns to his life. Then he meets a mysterious girl who changes everything. In flashback from a 'Rebecca'-style beginning: Ellen Foster, visiting her aunt on the California coast, meets neighbor Jeff Cohalan and his ultramodern clifftop house. Ellen is strongly attracted to Jeff, who's being plagued by unexplainable accidents, major and minor. Bad luck, persecution...or paranoia? Warned that Jeff could be dangerous, Ellen fears that he's in danger, as the menacing atmosphere darkens. A blind man with his 'Echolocation' power takes on a revenge mission. Fearing she may be responsible, a mental patient (Jennifer Jason Leigh) tries to unravel the mystery behind her ex-lover's (Martin Henderson) disappearance. For ten years, inventor David Kressen has lived in seclusion with his inventions, including Adam, a robot with incredible lifelike human qualities. When reporter Joy Andrews is given access to their unconventional facility, she is alternately repelled and attracted to the scientist and his creation. But as Adam exhibits emergent behavior of anger and jealousy towards her, she finds herself increasingly entangled in a web of deception where no one's motives are easily decipherable. While crossing the desert, a frontier scout, Jess Remsberg, rescues Ellen Grange from a pursuing band of Apaches, and returns her to her husband, Willard Grange. He is contracted to act as a scout for an Army cavalry unit. Willard, Ellen, and her infant son are along for the ride, as is horse trader Toller, a veteran of the 10th Cavalry. The party is trapped in a canyon by Chata, an Apache chief and grandfather of Ellen's baby. Willard is captured and tortured. Jess sneaks away and brings reinforcements just in time to save the day. Jess learns that the man he has been hunting is none other than Willard Grange. Move On is a road movie like no other, because it is inspired by film fans from all over Europe! This breath-taking movie directed by Asger Leth features Mads Mikkelsen on a secret mission in 8 episodes, each taking place in a different European country. Bizarre black comedy about 15th-century Paris lawyer Richard Courtois (Firth) who decides to ply his trade in the country, only to find things stranger than he can imagine. His first case turns out to be defending a pig that's accused of murdering a child. And the pig is owned by beautiful gypsy Samira (Annabi), so the idealistic lawyer can fall in love (or lust). There's religion and superstition, there's power struggles, there's ignorance versus knowledge--things sound very modern indeed. Third in the Nunsense series of musicals. A group of scientists trapped in a safe room have a limited time to discover if they've been infected by a deadly virus and whether they can escape or face the exposure protocols that have been activated. Former CIA Operative, James Dial is coaxed back into action to kill a terrorist in London, but it all goes wrong and he is forced into hiding, where he meets and befriends a 12 year old girl.  Major Bill Cage is an officer who has never seen a day of combat when he is unceremoniously demoted and dropped into combat. Cage is killed within minutes, managing to take an alpha alien down with him. He awakens back at the beginning of the same day and is forced to fight and die again... and again - as physical contact with the alien has thrown him into a time loop. Bret Fitzpatrick (Joe Ciminera), a wealthy real estate investor located in New York, is caught between reality and the supernatural. There he crosses paths with people who are in a stationary place for the terrible things they have done in their lifetime. As Bret begins to wake up to the dark forces from his devastating past, he confronts members of the underworld and has 24 hours to redeem himself. When a beautiful young housewife is murdered in cold blood, a private community is turned upside down as the killer picks off stay-at-home moms one by one. Two detectives are led into the heart of suburban America, where power, money and sex rule. With time running out and body count growing, can they solve these crimes before more housewives fall prey to the slasher? Samantha plays the role of "Fortune Teller," but she is a thorough skeptic about "paranormal activities" and all things supernatural - she certainly doesn't believe in ghosts. A team of two detectives is tasked with apprehending a crazed, online psycho who tracks down and lures victims via a popular social media site. Five friends go camping on the wild coast of Vancouver Island. Things start to go seriously wrong while partying with two Australian surfers Mike is thrust into a world of murder and assassination after running into his best friend Ed, presumed killed in action 10 years ago. In order to keep themselves alive, Mike and Ed must now work together as members of - The Hunters Club. Telly Paretta is a grieving mother struggling to cope with the loss of her 8-year-old son. She is stunned when her psychiatrist reveals that she has created eight years of memories about a son she never had. But when she meets a man who has had a similar experience, Telly embarks on a search to prove her son's existence, and her sanity. In  Mexico City, there is a building where supernatural events happen. It seems as it is just one more construction, but those who risk to go inside know that there is something different. A desperate woman, moves to this building where she will face supernatural events that her will push her to the limit. Five men break into Frank Wagner's apartment. Frank is able to escape and seeks out the help of Johan Falk. Has someone leaked that Frank is working with the police? Frank and John do not know who knows what and who they can trust. Four college students rent and live in a house in Riverside, California. Two of them, Nick and Darren, are film majors at nearby UC Riverside. After receiving an assignment to create a home-made reality show in one of their film classes, they start filming themselves and mount security cameras throughout the house. Unexpectedly, they unearth an ancient Aztec Sarcophagus in their backyard. Unexplained events started occurring at the house following the unearthing of this Aztec relic. Do You Like My Basement? tracks how one man's creative frustration bore a need to make the perfect horror film. Stanley Farmer was rejected universally by the film world. His frustration provoked a darker side and soon cunning, guile, devilish charm and a sociopath's streak compelled him to produce a home-made magnum opus. A film that blurs the lines between reality and fiction and demands the attention of the very world that spurned him. Marcos Vela is a prestigious gastronomic journalist who accepts the request of an independent publisher to write an article on the recent emergence of the Clandestine Restaurants. Two brothers drive to Shallow Creek, Louisiana to spread their grandfather's ashes over the Shallow Creek campsite pond. What they didn't bargain for was a cannibalistic cult, terrorizing the population of Shallow Creek, that is now out for their blood. A young girl contracts what she thinks is a sexually-transmitted disease - but is actually something much worse. Key of Brown a thriller, action, drama, tells the story of one harrowing night in the life of "Bernadette Lawson" a retiring call girl, recently released from prison and serving out the remainder of her sentence on monitored house arrest. In need of cash, she can't resist doing a, quick, one hour, five hundred dollar favor for her ex-madam but the night turns deadly when the client turns out to be a notorious serial killer of prostitutes, wanted by the F.B.I. and transporting a kilo of high quality brown heroin. In a modern day fairy tale, Rowan ventures into mysterious darkness that contains dangerous creatures to save her family from the clutches of the evil Dr. Ravenen. The final night's work approaches for the staff of an insane asylum. A minimal crew of security and researchers remain to ensure the patients behave as expected before their transfers to a maximum security prison. Struggling with memories of abandonment, Dr. Helen Kingford finds herself on the brink of quitting her job as a psychologist. Following his forced retirement, the hospital's head of security decides on a destabilizing course of action leading to chaos and destruction within the asylum. In the confusion, all of the dangerous patients escape their padded cells. Confused, Dr. Kingford awakens finding herself tied up in the hospital morgue. Not knowing who to trust, she finds herself running from everyone in an attempt to survive. The Wareckis, an average married couple, stop at a store returning home on New Year's Eve. The husband goes shopping, the wife stays in the car and waits for him, hours go by but he does not return, in fact, nobody can find him anywhere...  A series of seemingly minor events transforms these simple characters' lives into a gripping horror-thriller, a wild and disturbing image of the impact of consumerism. A married couple suspect that the 'smart apartments' in their high tech residence are being used by its owner for sinister reasons. Five young men convene on a mansion to meet the mysterious AMINA, who has lured them there to become her new consort in the immortal life of a vampire. Remake of Race with the Devil. They are by far the most rebellious and exciting boy band on the planet today. 5 british lads that set their eyes on world domination, are showing what their made of. The new bad boys of pop never shy away from controversy and are always ready for a good fight. From their Twitter feud with rivals One Direction to being stalked by Lindsay Lohan, these boys are ready for everything. With exclusive interviews with friends and industry specialists, meet the band that is causing a stir in the world of music. Meet The Wanted. Jebadiah lived on his land for many years. He worked the land, and kept it alive. Jebadiah also hated trespassers. When he died defending his right to remain on his land, he was buried there. That was a month ago. Now there are strangers on his land again, and they want to make his land their own. Jebadiah still hates trespassers. Maxim is an artistic examination of the unconscious, oppressed, forgotten and traumatic past, of the reality full of treachery and violence, which casts a shadow on the life of a young man, forcing him to kill in order to save, to kill in order to continue living, to run in order to get away from the shadow in which he exists. Maxim is a synonym and a way to confront the dualism of the awareness where the subconscious mind and destiny are the carriers of the story in the movie - alter ego. When their daughter is kidnapped by experienced nappers (Bacon and Love), the Jennings' (Theron and Townsend) turn the tables on this seemingly foolproof plan. Five high school friends skip class in hopes of finding the perfect spot to party. They chose the wrong place. Against all warnings, they break into an abandoned mental hospital, notorious for reports of ghost sightings, satanic rituals and demon possessions. Now, armed only with a camera, they are trapped inside, haunted and hunted by something they cannot stop, reason with, or describe. One evening, a woman enters a police station and confesses to having killed her violent husband several years ago. As she listens to her fantastic story, the policewoman is increasingly less inclined to arrest her. Just why is the woman so eager to confess her crime, and why is the policewoman so reluctant to take her into custody? A mysterious man arrives in a small town where a series of grisly, ritualistic murders have happened. After saving young woman's life, he informs her that she's being hunted by supernatural creatures and that he's come to protect her. In this film, we see the world through the eyes of main character Justice, a young African-American poet. A mail carrier invites a few friends along for a long overnight delivery run. A woman once possessed by a mysterious entity uncovers a shocking secret about her past and must face the demon that is lurking inside of her. A man is haunted by visions of a beautiful woman. When he finally meets her, he winds up involved in a satanic cult. The story involves a young waiter Sebastian, who meets an older man, Max. It seems that Max has a fascination with violence and is looking to indulge his fantasy. So, when the two men meet a perfect stranger, it seems only fitting that they kill him. The two then move from feeling guilty to feeling exultation, and soon they're on the hunt for more victims to feed their rush. They both have a female friend, both of whom know that something is going on with their friend, suspecting that this relationship isn't exactly healthy. Gessica, a single mother who works as a webcam stripper is pushed to her limit when held hostage by an unknown gunman. A community rushes to a faith healer after learning that one of them was miraculously healed from a deadly disease by the same person. They are torn apart afterwards as the healing brings them a terrible curse that wreaks harm and death. Believing that he killed his daughter instead of saving her from kidnappers, Zhang Li is dismantled. He finds himself lured to China seeking solace in pain and blood at Paradise Hotel where every carnal and beastly desire is satiated. With a savage boss, the terrifying Burnt Man at the helm of the underground brothel, no perversion is turned away. A getaway driver finds himself in harm's way when he gets caught up in a job involving casino heist money leading to a debt over his head. On the request of his friend Kabir, SP Adil Sends him to the Naxal group as an informer. When Kabir finds the truth he becomes one of their gang leader. Relationship Therapist, Dr. Jill Peterman, had the highest-rated call-in radio show when her world was pulled out from under her following the on-air suicide of a female caller named Alexis. Shaken to her core, Dr. Jill walked away from her show vowing she would never go back. That is until Stuart, the station's General Manager, pleads with her to reboot the show in an effort to bring followers back to the station. Still haunted by what happened, Jill agrees to help her friend out and believes this will be the perfect remedy to put her year-long anxiety to rest. As Jill starts to settle back into her show, mysterious call-ins start happening forcing her to believe there could be a copy-cat out there. What Jill begins to uncover is a web of secrets and lies stemming from the mysterious voice she has come to know as Alexis. A husband and wife lie to each other about their weekend travel plans, only to both show up at the family's country house with their lovers. Paul Harris works at a small research facility on the outskirts of Boston. After a weekend tryst with a co-worker leaves him wanting more, his unreciprocated desires gradually mold into an acute infatuation. When Danielle takes interest in a new scientist at the laboratory, Paul's suppressed resentments and perverse delusions finally become unhinged, triggering a horrific course of events that mercilessly engulf a tortured past and fugitive present. The discovery of an illicit love affair leads two young Angelenos on a violent, sexually charged tour through the dark side of human nature. A goat named Mei wanders into a barn one night seeking shelter from a storm. In the barn, the goat meets another refugee. The two can neither see nor smell each other, but never the less they huddled together fending off the cold, and begin to talk. Eventually they establish a friendship. The two decide to meet later and will recognized each other by using the password "one stormy night." The next day, when they meet, Mei learns that his companion from the night before was a wolf named Gabu. Despite their natural predisposition as enemies, they share a common bond and begin meeting regularly. However, Mei's flock and Gabu's pack eventually find out about their relationship and forbid the friendship. Mei and Gabu, hoping to preserve their friendship, cross a river during a storm. They hope to find an "emerald forest" free from persecution. A popular high school teacher concocts an extreme plan to deal with the rise of bullying and bad behavior among the student body. A white midwestern girl moves to Chicago, where her new boyfriend is a black teen from the South Side with a rough, semi-criminal past. With the aid of a fellow Auschwitz survivor and a hand-written letter, an elderly man with dementia goes in search of the person responsible for the death of his family. An uplifting feature documentary highlighting the transformative power of art and the beauty of the human spirit. Top-selling contemporary artist Vik Muniz takes us on an emotional journey from Jardim Gramacho, the world's largest landfill on the outskirts of Rio de Janeiro, to the heights of international art stardom. Vik collaborates with the brilliant catadores, pickers of recyclable materials, true Shakespearean characters who live and work in the garbage quoting Machiavelli and showing us how to recycle ourselves. Bambi was neglected and deprived of love as a child.  As an adult, she used sex with men as a way to forget her troubled childhood, until she met and fell in love with Rafael... In America, we define ourselves in the superlative: we are the biggest, strongest, fastest country in the world. Is it any wonder that so many of our heroes are on performance enhancing drugs? Director Christopher Bell explores America's win-at-all-cost culture by examining how his two brothers became members of the steroid-subculture in an effort to realize their American dream. Psychothriller by facts. A lightly labile journalist (Felicitas Woll) wants to explore the motives of a women murderer (Heiner Lauterbach). When he was arrested, Johannes Heintz (Lauterbach) confessed that he had strangled seven women. He will not say more. "The people outside have me as a monster. I will not give them satisfaction. "From now on, neither the investigator Uwe Wolfmann (Jurgen Prochnow) nor the most skilled psychiatrists come to him. The stubborn journalist Dana Herrendobler (Woll) comes to the scene. She wants to interview the murderer, the causes and background of his deeds. Nervously, she faces the perpetrator and is astonished: Heintz is charming, intelligent and sensitive. He agrees to speak openly with the reporter - when Dana opens to him as well. If that works out? Because Dana is hunted by his own demons ... Layla Fourie, a young single-mother in South Africa, receives a job assignment as polygraphist. In the constant presence of mistrust, lies and fear Layla soon becomes a suspect herself. In the harsh, wintry woods of rural Quebec, Bruce (Thomas Haden Church), a down-on-his-luck snowplow operator, accidentally kills a man during a drunken night joyride. Stricken with panic, he hides the body and takes to the deep wilderness in hopes of outrunning both the authorities and his own conscience. But as both begin to close in, Bruce falls apart mentally and morally and mysteries unravel to reveal who he was before the accident, the truth behind his victim, and the circumstances that brought them together in a single moment. A group of paranormal investigators sojourned to the Chicago walk-up where deranged drifter Richard Speck systematically slew eight student nurses back in '66, looking for restless spirits. Their unfortunate success gets shockingly documented in this fear-filled found-footage foray featuring a bright young cast. When nice guy Woodster Carneal (Mitchell Rad) loses his wife, his job and his house he gets extorted into harvesting human organs on demand. With a pair of Brazen detectives (Leah Coffman and Cheryl Duncan) on his trail, Carneal must stay a step ahead of everyone, including the organ brokers he works for. On the trail of her missing sister, Charlotte enlists the help of Wayne, an ex-Marine and alcoholic, to infiltrate the Church of One Accord - a community of snake-handlers who risk their lives seeking salvation in the Holy Ghost. Awesome Online Magazine decide to hold auditions for a new movie. In a way reminiscent of X-Factor, one by one the cast come on stage to perform. But one is pushed too far and decides he doesn't like rejection. All hell breaks out as the psycho runs amok! A young woman recuperating at her father's run-down home after a tragic accident soon encounters a terrifying presence with a connection to her long-deceased mother. Two teens battle their way through a religious apocalypse on a mission to defeat the Antichrist. Wendy, her husband Dan and their kids have just moved to the small town of Stull, Kansas, where Dan is the new pastor. But in this sleepy community of friendly neighbors, a horrific series of occurrences awaits them: Their teenage daughter is being tormented by grisly visions. Her younger sister has been marked for a depraved ritual. And deep within the heartland darkness, one of The Seven Gates of Hell demands the blood of the innocent to unleash the creatures of the damned. Vampire housemates try to cope with the complexities of modern life and show a newly turned hipster some of the perks of being undead. A supposed "cure" for homosexuality backfires and ends up killing off most of the female population. Vi is one of the last surviving women, in the world and with an overwhelmingly male population left on the planet. When the White House (Secret Service Code: "Olympus") is captured by a terrorist mastermind and the President is kidnapped, disgraced former Presidential guard Mike Banning finds himself trapped within the building. As the national security team scrambles to respond, they are forced to rely on Banning's inside knowledge to help retake the White House, save the President and avert an even bigger disaster. In 2035, where robots are common-place and abide by the three laws of robotics, a techno-phobic cop investigates an apparent suicide. Suspecting that a robot may be responsible for the death, his investigation leads him to believe that humanity may be in danger. For over a thousand years ago China was ruled by a cruel government lead by the corrupt governor Kao Chu. His only resistance was a group of 108 brave and noble warriors who kept fighting for justice. To get rid of the strongest heroes, and be able to beat the rest, Kao Chu organizes a kung fu tournament. A father and son go into the forests of Northern America on a camping trip only to find that their efforts at civility are met firstly with resistance and then hostility. When up-and-coming District Attorney Mitch Brockden commits a fatal hit-and-run, he feels compelled to throw the case against the accused criminal who was found with the body and blamed for the crime. Following the trial, Mitch's worst fears come true when he realizes that he acquitted a guilty man, and he soon finds himself on the hunt for the killer before more victims pile up. In the late 1890s the Davenport House was a famous and successful brothel, until a young prostitute named Alice killed herself there. After her death, the brothel became haunted by Alice's ghost, and was eventually abandoned. More than a century later, the old structure is renovated into a beautiful mansion. It is still rumored to inhabit the ghost of Alice. Despite this, the new owner; the rich and arrogant heir to the Davenport fortune, decides to throw a wild party for his first night in the house. A film crew tracks a group of researchers and their breakthrough disease research. While battling through the rain-forest, things turn deadly leaving them fighting to survive. In the wake of his dramatic escape from captivity, Jesse Pinkman must come to terms with his past in order to forge some kind of future. Joe Rock does a slapstick adaptation of Oliver Twist. Featuring never-before-seen home movies and photographs, musician Bill Wyman opens up his vast personal archives to share stories and memories of his three-decade stint as bassist of the Rolling Stones. After the death of his girlfriend, Travis, a thirty-something psychiatrist, struggles to keep it together. On the brink of a nervous breakdown he stumbles across a strange church run by a charismatic leader, Pastor Jay. In search of answers Travis is led deeper and deeper into the underworld of religious fanaticism, home to a Doomsday cult and a teenage girl named Grace. A rag-tag group of undocumented youth - Dreamers - deliberately get detained by Border Patrol in order to infiltrate a shadowy, for-profit detention center. When desecrated corpses and ritualistic symbols start appearing, the residents of Morningside, New Jeresey, are thrust into an unreal world of darkness. A young woman in the middle of an economical crisis, a little girl who is facing a new environment and a loyal dog that will work as a link between both, will have to spend two nights in an old big house that is falling into pieces. Sounds at night and shadows accompanied with threatening echoes emerging from darkness are constant in the house. Will they be able to undergo the situation and solve the enigma that surrounds the presence that still rounds the house? Leah confesses her true feelings to Chayse in the school library while unknown malice lurks in the hallways. A weekend trip to the woods for a bachelorette party turns deadly when a nearby train accident causes a chemical reaction that overtakes the secluded valley. But waiting out the disaster inside could prove to be just as dangerous as being outdoors. An evil genius tricks a co-worker into participating in his plot of murderous revenge.  The Parkers, reclusive people who cling to ancient customs, find their secret lives threatened when a torrential downpour and the death of the family matriarch forces daughters Iris and Rose to assume special responsibilities. Amidst sweltering street corners and glittering Coney Island lights, four Brooklyn BFFs are changed forever by one, very bloody, night. 20 years after a horrific accident during a small town school play, students at the school resurrect the failed show in a misguided attempt to honor the anniversary of the tragedy - but soon discover that some things are better left alone. The story, set in the backdrop of Nallore, a small town in Thoothukudi District, revolves around Sub-Inspector Durai Singam (Surya), a brave and just policeman who serves in his hometown primarily to fulfill his father's (Radha Ravi) wish. Durai Singam settles every dispute in his town patiently with his words of wisdom and resorts to force only when the situation demands it. Kavya (Anushka), a city girl who comes on vacation to Nallore, falls in love with Durai Singam. Erimalai (Vivek), Durai Singam's bumbling colleague and friend, often accompanies him. Two friends' tour of Europe takes a dark turn when one of them contracts a mysterious illness. They race to find out what it is and how to cure it before the sickness consumes him completely. Journalist Kavya Krishna loves tycoon Siddharth - who uses and abuses her. How far will Kavya go to get revenge? Two students from neighboring colleges in upstate New York are swept up in a tragic romantic interlude calling for a maturity of vision beyond their experience of capabilities. Pookie Adams - a kooky, lonely misfit with no family and no place to go, insists on calling all those who won't participate in her world, "weirdos," clings to a quiet studious Jerry, who has the ability to make a choice of living in Pookie's private little world or be accepted by the society that Pookie rejects. Unwittingly, it is through their awkward relationship that Pookie actually prepares Jerry for the world of "weirdos" that she doesn't fit into or wish to be apart of. The film features the leading actress Greta Garbo as Yvonne, an artist's model. Other stars include Robert Montgomery, Lewis Stone, Marjorie Rambeau and Judith Vosselli. It is a romantic melodrama, portraying a Parisian belle with a past returning to haunt her. The film is the only one where Montgomery played opposite Garbo. The crew of an experimental underwater nuclear base are forced to struggle for their lives when their explorations disturb a creature who threatens to destroy their base. River Miller, a mentally unstable actor haunted by the past, moves to Hollywood to start his life over, only to find his inner demons are inescapable. A frustrated office worker finds himself caught between the realms of his deranged imagination and the mundane reality of his everyday existence. In Emil Christov's uber-stylish spy-movie pastiche, a charismatic schemer in an authoritarian police state, fired from his job as a secret-police informant, conjures up his own imaginary spy network and builds up an archive that he turns against his former masters. (TIFF) Phil Broker is a former DEA agent who has gone through a crisis after his action against a biker gang went horribly wrong and it cost the life of his boss' son. He is recently widowed and is left with a 9-years-old daughter,Maddy. He decides to quit the turbulent and demanding life of thrill for Maddy's sake and retires to a small town. His daughter fights off a boy who was bullying her at school and this sets in motion a round of events that end in his direct confrontation with the local Meth drug lord. His past history with the biker gang also enters the arena, making matters more complex. But he has a mission in his mind to protect his daughter and he is ready to pay any cost that it demands. Blown Away tells the story of Jimmy Dove who works for the Boston bomb squad. Shortly after Dove leaves the force his partner is killed by a bomb that Dove thinks might have been made by someone he knows. An unassuming man has a secret past. Trouble follows wherever he goes. Unknowingly, Lisa befriends him and soon discovers the truth behind his past. When two campers on a peaceful weekend excursion are suddenly confronted, harassed, and molested by a pack of heavily armed outdoorsman, a brutal series of events ensues. A struggle for survival and sanity drives the surviving victim into a bloody vendetta of rage. The hunters become the hunted in a malicious game of cat and mouse. Bound for a remote planet on the far side of the galaxy, the crew of the colony ship 'Covenant' discovers what is thought to be an uncharted paradise, but is actually a dark, dangerous world--which has a sole inhabitant: the 'synthetic', David, survivor of the doomed Prometheus expedition. When a young boy turns up dead in a sleepy Pennsylvania town, a local sanitation truck driver, Donald, plays detective, embarking on a precarious and obsessive investigation to prove the boy was murdered. A mild-mannered college professor discovers a look-alike actor and delves into the other man's private affairs. The true hauntings of ghost children and their emotional stories of the supernatural. A married woman's affair comes back to haunt her when her obsessed lover infiltrates every part of her life.  Nick Malloy portrays an Emergency Medical Technician (EMT) who finds himself caught in a deadly 12-round game of cat and mouse with a vigilante tied to the paramedic's past. With little time to spare and his wife's life hanging in the balance, the EMT must figure out why he's been chosen to be the pawn in this maniac's game before it's too late. "The Darkening" is a suspense/horror film set in the Midwest. The story centers around a young married man, James Harrison, who witnesses his mother's murder at age eight. James returns to his hometown of Fairview after twenty years with his wife to sell the old house in which his mother was brutally murdered by Kyle Burnett, a deaf &amp; dumb brute of a man, and in which James was left with a reminder, a scar on his throat, by Kyle and nightmares that won't end. As the murders continue, James is taken deep into his subconscious by the doctor to discover the horrifying truth that is hidden deep inside...the darkening. Depicts the rise of Bhola Kevat a low cast boatman in the interiors of Uttar Pradesh rising to the unexpected heights of political power. Bandook connects crime and politics, a psychological peep inside the minds of people who use power of gun as a ladder to wordly success, It shows the vast distance covered by human mind from picking a gun to pulling the trigger. Two young men -- a Palestinian grad student and an Israeli lawyer -- meet and fall in love amidst personal and political intrigue. A meteor crashes into a quiet lake in the remote countryside and awakens a centuries-old beast, who tears through a nearby town and its inhabitants, who must fight for their lives and stop this Queen Crab before she can hatch an army of babies. Jannat 2 is a Bollywood crime thriller film and a sequel to the 2008 hit film, Jannat. The film is directed by Kunal Deshmukh, and produced by Mukesh Bhatt and Mahesh Bhatt under the Vishesh Films' banner. Emraan Hashmi, Randeep Hooda, Imran Zahid and Esha Gupta will feature in lead roles. Luce and Ulysse love each other. They live a full and happy life managing their own little veterinary clinic on the Atlantic coast. Luce is awaiting a happy event. The future looks good. At least at first sight. But when baby Rose arrives, nothing goes as planned. Luce is out of her depth before the constant crying of her baby. Why does the baby cry so? Is she trying to warn her about something? Could it be that the little family is in danger? Cast into a violent and bloody world of murder, Hereward, a novice monk, must deliver the Holy Gospel of Lindisfarne - a book of great beauty and power - to the safety of the Iona monastery, while being pursued by a Viking death squad hell- bent on its capture. On his way to the monastery, he meets a fierce and skilled swordsman who answers his prayers and dedicates his life to protecting Hereward while he delivers the book. In the midst of their journey, they are confronted by Vikings ready to kill in order to get what they want, leaving Hereward and his protector at their mercy. Hidden in the Woods tells the story of two sisters who have been raised in isolation, subjected to the torment of their abusive, drug dealing father. When they finally decide to report him to the police, he kills the two officers and is put in jail. But things go from bad to worse when the girls must answer to their Uncle Costello, a psychotic drug kingpin, who shows up looking for his missing merchandise which is hidden in the woods. Pupils go on a trip to St. Petersburg. The next morning they wake up in the middle of an unknown terrain. The pupils try to find a way out. Bernard Salzmann's thriller Assumed Killer tells the tale of a reporter investigating a serial killer. After she suffers an accident and becomes an amnesiac, she begins to suspect her husband may be the person responsible for the brutal slayings While indulging his appetite for the grim and gruesome by patronizing a voyeuristic Web site that's based in a house where a serial killer once lived, a hearing-impaired boy begins to suspect that the site's violence is more than just make-believe. A chase through the city of Melbourne, with only 10 meters separating them from life and death Russian and British submarines with nuclear missiles on board both vanish from sight without a trace. England and Russia both blame each other as James Bond tries to solve the riddle of the disappearing ships. But the KGB also has an agent on the case. When college senior Anastasia Steele steps in for her sick roommate to interview prominent businessman Christian Grey for their campus paper, little does she realize the path her life will take. Christian, as enigmatic as he is rich and powerful, finds himself strangely drawn to Ana, and she to him. Though sexually inexperienced, Ana plunges headlong into an affair -- and learns that Christian's true sexual proclivities push the boundaries of pain and pleasure. A suicidal artist goes into the desert, where he finds his doppelganger, a homicidal drifter. Reiko Himekawa (Yuko Takeuchi) is a female detective at the Metropolitan Police Department. Reiko doesn't come from an elite background, but she has risen fast through the ranks with hard work. Reiko than becomes involved in a murder case named "Strawberry Night" due to the mysterious use of those words surrounding the case ... Flea was a basketball player, happy with his subtle hustle, until a Dominican connect introduced him to a new way to spread the work and make money. Robert Saunters, a mechanic is knocked unconscious at his birthday dinner and wakes up to find himself locked up inside the restaurant's freezer.  Knowing nothing of why he's there, he realizes he has been mistaken as someone else. Five recent college grads go for one last vacation in the woods during the summer of 1984 and one of them is infected with a mad scientist's synthetic rabies virus. A group of Russian tourists go on a shopping spree to the neighboring Finland - only to be attacked by Finnish cannibals. We focus on a middle-aged woman and her teenage son who is shooting the film, as we watch it, on his cell-phone. Mark Fisher disappeared from his home in a brilliant flash of blue light almost two years ago. His friend Seth Hampton was the last to see him alive. Now a string of grisly, violent murders leads Seth to believe that Mark is back, and something evil is living inside of him. When Claire Spencer starts hearing ghostly voices and seeing spooky images, she wonders if an otherworldly spirit is trying to contact her. All the while, her husband tries to reassure her by telling her it's all in her head. But as Claire investigates, she discovers that the man she loves might know more than he's letting on. Marek, a young writer, is trying to solve the mystery of the night his friend Arthur died. In the recesses of his memory, Marek finds fragments of past events: a party at the home of an eccentric publisher, his argument with Arthur, the exchange of blows, blood. Afraid that he has killed his friend, Marek suppresses his feelings of fear and guilt in his passionate meetings with a woman who has more to do with Arthur's disappearance than it seems... Newly arrived to a remote desert town, Catherine and Matthew are tormented by a suspicion when their two teenage children mysteriously vanish. Real-life kung fu master Nathan Ingram stars in this gritty, low-budget martial arts epic as a local karate school owner who clashes with a gang of drug traffickers posing as the owners of a rival dojo. Director Charlie Ahearn (who helmed the landmark hip-hop film Wild Style) used the housing projects next to his New York Lower East Side apartment as his central location in this 1979 classic, shot on a vintage Super 8 camera. After barely surviving a furious shootout with the police, Baby Firefly, Otis Driftwood and Captain Spaulding are behind bars. But pure evil cannot be contained. Teaming up with Otis' half-brother Wilson, the demented Firefly clan escape to unleash a whole new wave of murder, madness and mayhem. Randy Bodek works as a pizza delivery boy at Senor Pizza to make a few extra bucks. Some customers are special, though: When the order is for a pizza with extra anchovies, it means the female customers are looking for some loving. "Loverboy's" reputation soon makes him very popular, but when Mom Bodek suddenly feels like some extra anchovies, things are looking grim for young Randy Siva who studies in a village stands as a surity for his friend's loan. While the lender comes and asks for money,his friends refuses to return.So Siva had to drop his college and for returning the loan the lender takes him to the nearby town where he had to work under liquor mafia.There he meets Gayatri and some silly stuff goes on between them which turns into love and Gayatri comes to know that she is pregnant. Meanwhile Siva tries to get his mistake (getting Nagaraj killed because of him and his friend Toofan) set right by stealing the money from his owner and at the same time there would be chaos in the building they work. So finally they escape from them and then the plot goes on with their chase by the Chitti Thalli , Bapineedu and the police. A group of friends must survive a night in the wilderness after one of them is found stabbed to death. The dilemma is whether the killer is out in the woods, or is one of their own. The answer depends on unraveling the six month old mystery of their friend Sophia, who died suspiciously and whose killer was never found. Bill Baker, a kind, sensitive and content man, enjoys life's simple pleasures, such as tilling his garden or playing with butterflies. His seemingly fulfilling life is disrupted by Pavornocturnus - a night terror disorder that causes Bill to commit violent acts while asleep. His disorder can only be relieved with a unique, dangerous, and mind-altering technology. Jane, a young soldier, is exposed to a biochemical weapon that endows her with self-healing powers. She uses her abilities to fight crime while eluding the military. Four close friends descend into the depths of a cave, looking for a lost treasure, ignoring that this will wake the fury of the Guardian the devourer, who will eat their souls until they destroy each other. A documentary about conspiracy theories takes a horrific turn after the filmmakers uncover an ancient and dangerous secret society. The town of Midground is threatened by a tsunami caused by a massive earthquake in the North Pacific Ocean. After other unexplainable events transpire, Chase Lombardi and friends are forced to discover whether they are experiencing a natural phenomenon or something else all together. A paedophile returns to his hometown after 12 years in prison and attempts to start a new life. A woman uses her magic powers and a vicious Rotweiller dog to murder her relatives. Naan Avanillai 2 (English: I am Not Him) is a 2009 Tamil romantic mystery film directed by Selva. It is the sequel to the Naan Avanillai (2007). Jeevan reprises the lead role, while the female roles are enacted by Sangeetha, Lakshmi Rai, Shweta Menon and Sruthi Prakash and Rachana Maurya. D. Imman, who did the film score for the first part of the film, replaced Vijay Antony as the music director. The film was released on 27 November 2009 to extremely negative reviews A twenty-nine year-old slacker who lives with his mom realizes his sweet set-up is threatened when she hears wedding bells with her self-help guru beau. The story of Leon, an antiques collector who inherits a house from his estranged mother only to discover that she had been living in a shrine devoted to a mysterious cult. Soon, Leon comes to suspect that his mother's oppressive spirit still lingers within her home and is using items in the house to contact him with an urgent message. A wealthy late twenties socialite is forced to take a psych exam in order to take over his late father's hundred million dollar corporation. But when the therapist goes missing all will unveil itself. Barney, Christmas and the rest of the team comes face-to-face with Conrad Stonebanks, who years ago co-founded The Expendables with Barney. Stonebanks subsequently became a ruthless arms trader and someone who Barney was forced to kill... or so he thought. Stonebanks, who eluded death once before, now is making it his mission to end The Expendables -- but Barney has other plans. Barney decides that he has to fight old blood with new blood, and brings in a new era of Expendables team members, recruiting individuals who are younger, faster and more tech-savvy. The latest mission becomes a clash of classic old-school style versus high-tech expertise in the Expendables' most personal battle yet. The Earth is invaded by alien parasites aka "slugs" that ride on people's backs and control their minds. A trio of American government agents attempt to thwart this. Capitol Policeman John Cale has just been denied his dream job with the Secret Service of protecting President James Sawyer. Not wanting to let down his little girl with the news, he takes her on a tour of the White House, when the complex is overtaken by a heavily armed paramilitary group. Now, with the nation's government falling into chaos and time running out, it's up to Cale to save the president, his daughter, and the country. In the crowded by lanes of old Delhi, Shuklaji runs a small photo studio as a front for small time crime. Over the years he has groomed a bunch of youngsters in the art of pick pocketing and petty crime. Then one day a girl comes into their midst and then everything collapses. A mysterious disappearance of a young woman leads her boyfriend on a journey for truth and perhaps his own unknown reality in this dark, hypnotic mystery that transcends the limitations of traditional narrative. In an achievement of imagination, trance master musician Mr. Peculiar teams with visual artist The Shapeshifter to create a sensory feast of sight and sound. Top-quality 3-D animations are perfectly synchronized and integrated with the audio tracks, capturing the hypnotic energy and varied flavors of trance music in a deliciously psychedelic swirl. Special features include a picture gallery and information about the artists. Clips:  1. Intro  2. And This Is What The Devil Does  3. Kooler Than Jesus  4. Sex On Wheelz  5. Sexplosion!  6. International Sin Set  7. TKK Promo  8. Blue Buddha  9. Glamour Is A Rocky Road  10. Dope Doll Jungle  11. Hard, Fast & Beautiful  12. Hit & Run Holiday (live)  13. Glamour Is A Rocky Road (live)  14. Portrait Of The Damned (live)  15. Chemical Cop Out (live)  16. Babylon Drifter (live)  17. Golden Strip (live)  18. Doris Love Club (live)  19. Hot Blood Risin' (live)  20. Blue Buddha (live)  21. My Life With The Thrill Kill Kult  22. Credits A propaganda film created by Charlie Chaplin at his own expense for the Liberty Load Committee to help sell U.S. Liberty Bonds during World War I. The story is a series of sketches humorously illustrating various bonds like the bond of friendship and of marriage and, most important, the Liberty Bond, to K.O. the Kaiser which Charlie does literally. A young girl is transported into a magical world of gingerbread soldiers and an army of mice.  In Disney's magical take on the classic The Nutcracker, Clara wants a one-of-a-kind key that will unlock a box holding a priceless gift. A golden thread presented at her godfather's holiday party leads her to the coveted key--which promptly disappears into a strange and mysterious parallel world. There Clara encounters a soldier, a gang of mice and the regents of three magical Realms. But she must brave the ominous Fourth Realm, home to the tyrant Mother Ginger, to retrieve her key and return harmony to the unstable world. 40 years after the first haunting at Eel Marsh House, a group of children evacuated from WWII London arrive, awakening the house's darkest inhabitant. Nick and Meg Burrows return to Paris, the city where they honeymooned, to celebrate their 30th wedding anniversary and rediscover some romance in their long-lived marriage. The film follows the couple as long-established tensions in their marriage break out in humorous and often painful ways. Film starring Jack Culbertson, Emily Brooks and Hank Fodor Martin is a young Argentinean piano virtuoso and composer. For four years, he has been a patient of El Borda psychiatric hospital. Music filled up his life. Now he is trying to return to life outside the asylum walls, while working on his new opus, "Enfermaria". Spring is in full bloom when urban gardener Vicki fights to save her community garden from a handsome real estate developer. Both are caught off guard when it's not just the flowers that are blooming, but also love. A female collage co-ed freshman who was involved in a fatal car crash discovers she may not have survived the tragedy after all when she becomes caught between the world of the living and the dead A sort of limbo state of being between both the real and the spirit worlds in which the ghosts of the afterlife want to collect her, or even worse, use her body in its transition state to enter our world A Mexican immigrant new to Los Angeles enters into a love triangle with two very different women. Successful nightclub singer has difficulties with her love life. A young mother is forced to shelter five soldiers for a night in her isolated house. A nightmare anti-love story featuring blood and guts, the deep blue sea, tooth decay and scary boyfriends. During the World War II, the prisoners of a German camp in a greek island are trying to escape. They don't want only their freedom, but they also seek for an ineffable treasure hidden in a monastery at the top of the island's mountain. In this meta horror film, a demonic entity uses the fictional character of Freddy Krueger to enter the real world and torment "Elm Street" heroine Heather Langenkamp and her family. Zombies- everywhere! A young woman is bound to a chair. Her tormentor is in a gas mask. There's a voice on an intercom. Who are these people and why did they choose her? Written and Directed by Eric Williford A deadly mistake sets an introspective henchman on a violent crusade against a mid-level crime boss with demons of his own. (IMDB) The controversial and moving tale of a struggling young Cork musician. We are introduced to the world of Cork hip-hop, its bitter rivalries, and the people behind the profanity. A pregnant woman fears for her unborn child's life if she doesn't avenge a supernatural entity. An ambitious Hollywood hustler becomes involved with a reclusive female star whom he tries to lure out of retirement. Cigarette Ki Tarah is an upcoming romantic thriller movie, featuring Bhoop Yaduvanshi, Prashant Narayanan, Madhurima Tuli, Sudesh Berry and others in their respective roles.The movie has an engaging story which is filled with lots of twists and turns that will keep the viewers on the edge of their seats. This romantic thriller is the story of a young and handsome guy, and how he falls in love blindly with a young beautiful girl. In precise, the story follows with how this blind love leads the guy into a deep trouble, and further separates him from other people like one man versus the entire world. In these dark situations, where one surely gives up on everything, but he doesnt, and thus keeps on believing and trusting on his blind love, which eventually and fortunately shows him all the ways to be out from all the difficulties. Ninagawa is a powerful man in Japanese politics and with top economic connections.His granddaughter is then murdered. The suspect is Kunihide Kiyomaru (Tatsuya Fujiwara). Kunihide Kiyomaru has a prior conviction for assaulting and killing a girl 8 years ago. The police could never apprehend the suspect in the prior killing. A young married couple comes home from a date night to discover that they are imprisoned in their own house with a methodical killer inside. In the last days of a dying logging town, Christian returns to his family home for his father Henry's wedding. While home, Christian reconnects with his childhood friend Oliver, who has stayed in town working at Henry's timber mill and is now out of a job. As Christian gets to know Oliver's wife Charlotte, daughter Hedvig, and father Walter, he discovers a secret that could tear Oliver's family apart. In one of the most famous cigar factories in Cuba, there is one person whose role in the cigar-rolling process is vital, yet not so well-known and documented. La Lectora takes a look at the long-standing tradition of having a reader in the factory, and at the influence, this reader has on the life of the workers. Trapped in a box with no memory, a man must escape his confines before it's too late. As time runs out he comes closer to the truth of his identity. A young woman watches a friend's house while they're away. But is she the only thing that resides there? Two brothers and their wives meet up at a haute-cuisine restaurant to discuss what to do about a horrific crime that their sons committed together. As the quartet debate their options, the conversation reopens old wounds between the siblings.  When a rare phenomenon gives police officer John Sullivan the chance to speak to his father, 30 years in the past, he takes the opportunity to prevent his dad's tragic death.  After his actions inadvertently give rise to a series of brutal murders he and his father must find a way to fix the consequences of altering time. Paris, December. A conductor of a choir is found mysteriously murdered, with burst eardrums. Lionel Kasdan, a police inspertor the verge of retirement, and Frank Salek, an official of Interpol, embark together on a hunt for the killer, and also to a secret organization specializing in kidnapping children. In an attempt to solve their marriage problems, Eric and Mari take a trip to the Mexican southeast, but she disappears under mysterious circumstances. On his way back to Mexico City, Eric meets Narciso, a mysterious man, and gives him a ride. Eric describes a series of events which finally lead him to a revelation about the time he shared with Mari. An inexplicable archeological find leads Dr. Peter Kenner to conclude that we are not alone, aliens have visited the Earth in the distant past and have now returned. Struggling to reconcile the evidence with his once held religious views, Peter turns to his uncle, Josh Sanders, a retired scientist and a man of strong Christian faith. Meanwhile, Sarah Pennington seeks protection for her young daughter, Kara, believing the extraterrestrials are bent on abducting the gifted nine-year-old as they did Sarah's husband three years earlier. When the four are brought together by Ethan, a mysterious stranger, Peter and Sarah wrestle with their own beliefs as Josh seeks to convince them of the truth. It becomes clear that Kara has a very special gift-one that can expose the true nature of the extraterrestrials. A contemporary, ensemble drama telling the complex tale of six high school students whose lives are interwoven with situations that so many of today's youth are faced with. The story takes place during a normal school day. At precisely 2:37 a tragedy will occur, affecting the lives of a group of students and their teachers. As the story unfolds, the individual stories of the six teenagers are revealed, each with its own explosive significance. An unwanted pregnancy unravels a terrible, dark secret; all is not as it appears for the seemingly confident school football hero; an outcast must deal with everyday taunts from his peers; a beautiful young girl battles an eating disorder; a stellar student constantly struggles to win his parents' approval; while another uses drugs to escape from his own demons. The explosive, inspiring and true story of a savage street fighter who turned his life around fallowing a conversion to Christianity. He felt God's call, and acted upon it, to take the message of Jesus Christ to teenage gangs all over America and beyond. When an illicit arms deal goes bad, North Korean spy Pyo Jong-seong finds himself targeted not just by the South Koreans but also his own bosses. A group of models find themselves trapped in a factory inhabited by a cannibalistic degenerated family. A group of armed robbers fleeing the police head for the New Jersey Tunnel and run right into trucks transporting toxic waste. The spectacular explosion that follows results in both ends of the tunnel collapsing and the handful of people who survived the explosion are now in peril. Kit Latura is the only man with the skill and knowledge to lead the band of survivors out of the tunnel before the structure collapses. When the quiet life of a beach bum is upended by dreadful news, he sets off for his childhood home to carry out an act of vengeance. However, he proves an inept assassin and finds himself in a brutal fight to protect his estranged family. A seemingly homeless man who catches butterflies in the park witnesses a gangland shooting. He's dragged off into a tunnel to be killed, passes out only to awaken to a bloody nightmare - The cops rule it a drug deal gone bad releasing the Butterfly Man. Soon the CIA is on their doorstep looking for a rogue psychopathic agent who disappeared 15 years ago and the only person who has possibly seen him is the Butterfly Man.  Two couples inhabiting the same apartment exist in parallel dimensions unaware of each others presence. An increasing obsession with mysterious fetish objects ultimately results in a tear in the fabric of reality that threatens to turn their respective worlds inside out. A hallucinatory fever dream in which nothing is what it at first appears to be, Sanctum and Sacrum opens a portal between the ancient world of myth and symbol and the banal pastels of a Florida apartment. It is a matrix of transformation, in which the lives of two couples intersect via a web spun from trance-like rituals of desire and the ever present origin of myth. Govinda plays role of a person who is an easy going person and Priyanka enters his life. He wants to win her over and for this he keeps making one after another mistake. In order to impress her, he tells many lies and she starts hating him.  This film is remake of successful Tamil film "Priyamudan" directed by Vincent Selva.  Parviz has as its increasingly horrifying anti-hero the 50-year-old hulk of a passive-aggressive bachelor son (theater director/activist Haftvan), whose free ride in life screeches to a halt when his miserly widowed father forms a plan to remarry. After receiving a strange picture postcard, Marina knows there's nothing else to it but to return to Rio de Janeiro, the beautiful city that here seems threatening and almost enchanting. Three soldiers get trapped in an elevator when terrorists set off a dirty bomb. But when White escapes, her world turns upside down as she realizes nothing is what it seems. Daniel is a young and ambitious real estate agent with a view to becoming a partner in the company. Along with the boss' wife Marie, he dares to spend a secret and passionate weekend in a luxurious archipelago house which he is supposed to sell. Once there, both Daniel and Marie discover that they are not as alone as they thought. George, a Polish craftsman, has stayed behind to finish work on the house and prepare it for sale. Soon however, what should have been a passionate and intimate weekend develops into something far more unpleasant. Struggling with her grief, Anglican priest Rebecca Ashton tries to replace her deceased daughter with another girl. An Alaska State Trooper partners with a young woman who escaped the clutches of serial killer Robert Hansen to bring the murderer to justice. Based on actual events. Amy has moved east from Kansas, determined to start a new life. She thinks she has found the perfect small quiet town, a great neighborhood on a quiet street. As she moves into her brand new apartment, eager to start a dream job, happy to befriend her neighbors, she finds out that not everything is as it seems, especially at the house across the street. The story of two brothers, David and Jack Meredith, who grow up in a working class family in Melbourne between the First and Second World Wars. Jack is the archetypal Aussie battler, whose greatest dream is to fight for his country. David, the more ambitious and complex of the brothers, takes a path which will lead him to success and ultimately, alienation from his homeland. The unassuming town of Briar Creek seems to be keeping a nasty secret... On a cross country trip home a young couple, Mike and Beth make a late night stop in this little town, only to stumble across a mysterious girl lying along the dark roadside, The evil lurking inside of her waiting... planning... plotting... When the two girls find that they are somehow psychically connected strange things begin to happen... It's only a matter of time before the two girls cant control the inevitable. The following days will lead them to question everything, from their own existence to whether or not they have somehow opened a doorway to evil. All of their answers can be found in only the darkest of places. Where the sins of the past become the sins of the future. Lost in a strange town, scared as hell and running low on gas... Darkness sets in as events begin to frantically tumble into the void of... THE DEAD LUST. In the autumn of 1900, outlaw Claude Barbee puts his 'retirement plan' in action, attempting to lead his train-robbing gang across Texas to recover a cash stash hidden after a botched railroad heist. When a poor college student who cracks an online poker game goes bust, he arranges a face-to-face with the man he thinks cheated him, a sly offshore entrepreneur. A mother and her young son release unimaginable horrors from the attic of their rural dream home. A man tries to escape his troublesome past. In Seattle, detective Quentin Conners is unfairly suspended and his partner Jason York leaves the police force after a tragic shooting on Pearl Street Bridge, when the hostage and the criminal die. During a bank heist with a hostage situation, Conners is assigned in charge of the operation with the rookie Shane Dekker as his partner. The thieves, lead by Lorenz, apparently do not steal a penny from the bank. While chasing the gangsters, the police team disclose that they planted a virus in the system, stealing one billion dollars from the different accounts, using the principle of the Chaos Theory. Further, they find that Lorenz is killing his accomplices. When a young woman learns her parents' killer has been released from jail, she is forced to revisit old wounds while discovering the destructive power of hate and the true cost of family secrets fully revealing themselves. The drama tells the story of Lennon's teenage years and the start of his journey to becoming a successful musician. The story also examines the impact on his early life and personality of the two dominant females in his childhood Due to an accident during hockey practice teenage-nerd Sam Anders is chained to his desk chair with a broken leg, spending time with his next best friend: his computer. When boredom is almost fatal, a dubious program gets his attention and soon he finds himself spying on his classmates by hacking their web cams. Discovering the most intimate secrets about his victims starts as fun but turns into a serious situation, when he witnesses the new boy in class Aaron having severe problems with his father. The sudden disappearance of the man and Aarons ominous behavior leads him to the suspicion of murder. Sam and Livia, who accidentally finds out about the whole situation, start investigating on their own...soon finding themselves on the slippery edge of events getting out of hand... A world of color and music created from the poetry of Dinos Christianopoulos and Maria Tataraki interwoven within the backdrop of a futuristic Athens, which faces modern political turmoil due to a malfunction within the android population. Sam's faithful dog is sick and must be put down, so he and his friends decide to take the dog to his remote home in Vermont for one last party weekend. This is the story of six friends, an old dog, and a very bad man. Jim is an average New Yorker living a peaceful life with a well paying job and a loving family. Suddenly, everything changes when the economy crashes causing Jim to lose everything. Filled with anger and rage, Jim snaps and goes to extreme lengths to seek revenge for the life taken from him. After a serious traumatic accident, a man leaves his old life behind and moves to an isolated cabin to start over. He soon learns of the surroundings of the area and its dangerous past. A lesbian college couple becomes stranded in the middle of nowhere with a pack of orphaned Nazi teenagers hellbent on their demise. A legendary but retired hit man lives in peace and isolation in the barren North American wilderness. When he rescues a woman from a snowmobiling accident, he soon discovers that she's harboring a secret that forces him to return to his lethal ways. Ba'al travels back in time and prevents the Stargate program from being started. SG-1 must somehow restore history. After a series of brutal murders occur in their Hollywood neighborhood, two women search for clues to uncover the identity of a serial killer who is targeting struggling young actresses. Yuri, a 35 year old business man, suddenly one day finds his life is going nowhere and decides to become a professional cosmonaut. But the complexity and length of the training prove frustrating, and Yuri questions if he will ever reach his goal, until the accidental death of a fellow trainee suddenly brings him tantalizingly close to realizing his dream, but also close to losing everything. Outer space invader Yosemite Sam wants to capture typical earth creature Bugs. The film revolves around a local street-racer who partners with a rich and arrogant business associate, only to find himself framed by his colleague and sent to prison. After he gets out, he joins a New York-to-Los Angeles race to get revenge. But when the ex-partner learns of the scheme, he puts a massive bounty on the racer's head, forcing him to run a cross-country gauntlet of illegal racers in all manner of supercharged vehicles. An adaptation of Arthur Miller's play. Daniel Raim's documentary following the history of America's first cinematographers. In 2010, An unidentifiable life form began to appear in the central region of America. This phenomenon was soon linked to a NASA probe that was reportedly crashed somewhere in the Western Hemisphere. By 2018 what appeared as an unidentifiable life form had transformed into a devastating catastrophe. Women are missing. Something is killing. Barry Sagan and the Hedgeworth family must survive. It's been 20 years since the corporations took over the world's governments. Their thirst for power and profits led to the Corporate Wars, a fierce global battle that laid waste to society as we know it. Born from the ash, the Council of Nine rose as a new law and order for this dark age. To avenge the corporations' reckless destruction, the Council issues death warrants for all white collar criminals. Their hunters--the bounty killer. From amateur savage to graceful assassin, the bounty killers now compete for body count, fame and a fat stack of cash. They're ending the plague of corporate greed and providing the survivors of the apocalypse with retribution. These are the new heroes. This is the age of the BOUNTY KILLER. "Holland Road, located off NY Route 5 in between the town of Angola and Evangola State Park, is more frequently known as "Pigman Road" and it has been at the forefront of Western New York folklore for decades. Scores of high school students, ghost hunters, and area residents all have their own tales of headless spirits, photographic and audiotape abnormalities, and unusual activity emanating from this mile-long street. With an alluring mix of historical background regarding a train accident and urban legends about a pork-crazed serial killer, Pigman Road has become a rite of passage for anyone in the region wishing to access the world of the unknown." says Joran Zyglis and Jill Gregorie in their article "The Mystery of Pigman Road". Stale sounds of the suburbs send a teenager out with a sound recorder in search of better ones. Listening with this device he begins to build his own soundscape and drift away from his surroundings. His dependence on the recorder affects his relationship with a charismatic girl and he struggles to re-engage with the world around him. The paths of a desperate man and an imprisoned young woman cross unexpectedly in the den of a mysterious killer. When an oversexed party boy finds himself at odds with his quiet neighbor in the days leading up to Halloween, he discovers that their miscommunication may have deadly consequences when he accidentally invites the wrong man home for the night. Martin is a young Argentinean piano virtuoso and composer. For four years, he has been a patient of El Borda psychiatric hospital. Music filled up his life. Now he is trying to return to life outside the asylum walls, while working on his new opus, "Enfermaria". This movie contains three short stories dealing with the theme of homosexuality. In "A Friend of Dorothy", a woman joins the Navy during the 1950's and discovers lesbianism. In "Mr. Roberts", a teacher in a 1970's classroom struggles with his closeted gay status. Finally in "Amos and Andy", a father wrestles with his own emotional acceptance of a present day wedding between his son and another man. When Grace is accused of playing a role in a deadly accident, her best friend reaches out from beyond the grave to unveil the truth behind what happened. As summer begins to wane into autumn, Detective Benoit Michaud investigates what appears to be the suicide of prominent journalist Sandra Templeton. Michaud soon realizes that the suicide may have involved her stalker, a man with a mysterious past who underwent secret military training. The intricate web of deception expands as Michaud uncovers a report Templeton had been working on in which she describes the real reason for the G20 fences in downtown Toronto. As Michaud delves further, he realizes the murder is more than it seems, leading him to discover that the crime is part of a vast conspiracy by shadowy forces attempting to cover up the connection between the G20 fences, the earthquake, and power outage all occuring during the summer of 2010. Seven strangers find themselves trapped inside an abandoned hospital after an unexplainable apocalyptic event. In addition to being haunted by what they've lost, the strangers must also fight off mysterious creatures that hunt them down one by one. Twelve severed feet in running shoes found on the shores of Western Canada have baffled Police. A videotape is leaked anonymously from the authorities. This paranormal thriller may solve the mystery of the severed feet. A schizophrenic rock musician, is convinced that his parents were murdered by three men. Taking the support of a journalist, he sets out to find the culprits. Will he succeed in his mission, and in the process, what will he learn about his own roots? Driving cross-country, Ray and his wife and daughter stop at a highway rest area where his daughter falls and breaks her arm. After a frantic rush to the hospital and a clash with the check-in nurse, Ray is finally able to get her to a doctor. While the wife and daughter go downstairs for an MRI, Ray, exhausted, passes out in a chair in the lobby. Upon waking up, they have no record or knowledge of Ray's family ever being checked in. Bonnie and Clyde are reinvented in SCAVENGER KILLERS, where a charming judge and a hot criminal defense attorney go on a maniacal killing rampage. A former child art prodigy and second generation petty thief arranges to buy his way out of prison to spend time with his ailing son, only to be forced to alter his plans and commit one more job for the man who financed his release. Todd and Bruce, a hapless screenwriting team, get one last shot at success thanks to Todd's wealthy uncle, Sarge. If they pen a worthy horror script, Sarge will fund the entire project. But there is one condition - the script must be complete in two weeks. With the deadline looming and no fresh ideas, Todd and Bruce head to Shangri-La, a serene artist's retreat, with the hope that the peace and company of fellow artists will inspire greatness... or, failing greatness, at least enough for straight-to-DVD. Shangri-La proves to be anything but serene, as the artists die off one by one, seemingly by accident. Bruce convinces Todd to soak in this morbid atmosphere to help with the writing, but soon those two are fighting for their lives as well. The historical recreation of the 1942 Wannsee Conference, in which Nazi and SS leaders gathered in a Berlin suburb to discuss the "Final Solution to the Jewish Question". Lead by SS-General Reinhard Heydrich, this group of high ranking German officials came to the historic and far reaching decision that the Jews of Europe were to be exterminated in what would come to be known as the Holocaust. When a long gone scientist suddenly visits his wealthy twin brother, he reveals he was researching animal head transplants in a remote Asian lab. This knowledge proves to be extremely critical after an accident when the brother finds himself in complete control of his relative, who starts showing signs of mental instability. When a frightening wave of violence sweeps through New York City, troubled cop Sarchie fails to find a rational explanation for the bizarre crimes. However, his eyes are opened to a frightening alternate reality when renegade Jesuit priest Mendoza convinces him that demonic possession may be to blame for the gruesome murders. Together, they wage a valiant supernatural struggle to rid the city of an otherworldly evil. In the early 1980s in India, a group of con artists rob well-known businessmen and politicians by posing as officers of the Central Bureau of Intelligence or income tax officials. The gang stages fake raids during which they steal great amounts of money from their targets. A group of friends went to shoot their film project, but never returned. A few days later, their camera was found. When a young nun at a cloistered abbey in Romania takes her own life, a priest with a haunted past and a novitiate on the threshold of her final vows are sent by the Vatican to investigate. Together they uncover the order's unholy secret. Risking not only their lives but their faith and their very souls, they confront a malevolent force in the form of the same demonic nun that first terrorized audiences in "The Conjuring 2" as the abbey becomes a horrific battleground between the living and the damned. After a divorce, Sophia moves to the south of Italy with her daughter, Helena. Their new home, an apartment within an austere building of the fascist age, is a chance for them to start a new life. But inside an old storage room hides a mysterious closet and a buried secret. After the loss of Helena's first baby tooth, a chilling obsession begins and an apparition haunts her sleep... An ex-narc finds a journal written in code, leading to the whereabouts of a stash of stolen drugs. All is not as it seems when a man, pushed too far, frantically zooms around the city in a '77 Mustang with a beautiful woman on the verge of death in his passenger seat. When a modern day Juliet is found dead and her lover Romeo is missing, an investigation begins while feuding families have their own agenda. A deep cover operative awakens to find himself imprisoned on a submarine. With the help of a fellow prisoner and an amateur agent, he must race against the clock to escape the vessel and expose who set him up. Slaking a thirst for dangerous games, Kathryn challenges her stepbrother, Sebastian, to deflower their headmaster's daughter before the summer ends. If he succeeds, the prize is the chance to bed Kathryn. But if he loses, Kathryn will claim his most prized possession. Nathalie (Jeanne Heckmann-Adam) is 26 years of age and is the first of her family born inside the country. Having few friends and no boyfriend, her life is somewhat monotonous. It is far from making her happy but it also keeps trouble away.  One day, as a gift, her grand-father gives her the trendiest bicycle of the year! Unfortunately, a group of bike thieves who are also members of the mafia, steal the bicycle away! This situation becomes tragic when her grand-father dies trying to protect the bike.  A couple of days later, Nathalie decides to take revenge.  Without any magic tricks or special powers and with only a knife at hand, she will become a brutal anti-hero angry and without mercy  She will become NATH FURIOUS. An elderly angel goes on his journey through his retirement home and beyond as he lives out his final moments. As he is pushed down the drab corridor he nods goodbye to his fellow residents and disappears through a door for his definitive performance. Former dance instructor Emman Toledo was employed as a dance instructor for a governor's ball. He finds himself in a passionate love affair with Cedes Fernandez who happens to be engaged to Dylan Evelino son of the governor. The couple finds themselves in a dangerous situation. The Evelino Clan is too powerful that nothing gets in their way to get what they want. Despite her hatred for the dirty politics, Cedes has no choice but to succumb to the decision of Dylan out of her indebtedness towards the family. Emman is drawn towards Cedes from the first time she catches his eye. As their lives intertwine through dance, Emman and Cedes find themselves resisting an affair: one that holds the truths to their painful pasts, and the memories of a boundless love. Pursuing their feelings for each other will only set fire to the dangers and trappings of their love, so much so that their love could cost them their lives. A cryptic message from Bond's past sends him on a trail to uncover a sinister organization. While M battles political forces to keep the secret service alive, Bond peels back the layers of deceit to reveal the terrible truth behind SPECTRE. A bounty hunter trapped in Asia, is promised his freedom in return for a rescue mission. On his search for the missing British secret service agent, he travels between the border of China and North Korea, where the mission takes a turn for the worst. This rare film of Steve Carter's play features many of the leading actors of the era before they went on to achieve international fame, was shown on WABC in New York, and has not been seen since. An emotionally charged drama of family, friends, and former lovers confronting the ghost of the family patriarch at his funeral. Treachery centers on a man (Biehn) who is reunited with his estranged son at a remote wedding party. When a storm strands the party, ugly truths are revealed. Satan sends female demons plus his two sons to Earth to corrupt various people. Ethan and team take on their most impossible mission yet--eradicating 'The Syndicate', an International and highly-skilled rogue organisation committed to destroying the IMF. A badly injured fugitive explains to a priest how he came to be in his present predicament. A Film of a Claes Oldenburg Happening, Ray Gun Theater, 1962. Sadie, a young female novelist, and an enigmatic woman named Francesca, are enticed by an ex-lover to join him at his Italian villa for a weekend celebration being held to honor the release of Sadie's latest book. Once there, Sadie begins to fear his true intentions as she and Francesca become embroiled in a dangerous game of moral and sexual discovery. To the dismay of Allison Edwards, her bookworm, adoring neighbor, Mary Randolph, falls in love with and marries Jack Van Norman, a rich and handsome former football star. After a few months of marital contentment, Jack becomes infatuated with Rose, an exotic dancer. A bride's wedding night takes a sinister turn when her eccentric new in-laws force her to take part in a terrifying game. The story is of a small town in the early west and of a 'shooter' of reputation that drifts into it and stands up to the controlling family that runs it. But far from a John Wayne, this hero is caught and brutally beaten and left to die, only to be saved by a prostitute that has also suffered under the hand of this group of desperados. The only one possible to stand up to the shooter is another solitary man who joins with the notorious family although he is deputized as the town's sherif. When a team of Shaolin-trained kung fu actors is about to get their break in Hollywood, a mysterious and sadistic Director forces them to run a gauntlet through Los Angeles. The Director films their every move as they prove their prowess by provoking a rogues' gallery of underworld thugs and martial artists. A fashion photographer is traveling to meet his sister at Eden Parish. Once there, his friends begin to film interviews with the Eden Parish inhabitants, all of whom speak of the commune in glowing terms. However, they soon discover that there is a sinister edge to the commune that belies the seemingly peaceful setting. For Granted is a short simple film about taking something as simple as time with your children for granted. what happens when that time runs out? Assassin Robert Rath arrives at a funeral to kill a prominent mobster, only to witness a rival hired gun complete the job for him -- with grisly results. Horrified by the murder of innocent bystanders, Rath decides to take one last job and then return to civilian life. But finding his way out of the world of contract killing grows ever more dangerous as Rath falls for his female target and becomes a marked man himself. Sequel to Deadly Prey. Colonel Hogan is still alive and just getting out of prison on parole, some 28 years later. But he has only one thing in mind and that is revenge on Mike Danton. So once again, Hogan puts together a group of mercenaries, has Danton kidnapped, and the games begin. Only this time Hogan is funded by a huge internet company in exchange for broadcasting the hunting of Danton over the internet, worldwide. For Hogan, winning is everything. Proving that there can only be one best and that it is him. What he had not thought of is that he isn't the only one who had twenty eight years to get pissed off. Because now Mike Danton is pissed off and that means few will survive. Some people called it a suicide, but for the Rangers of the 2nd Battalion, that's another word for mission. When an elite group of American soldiers are ordered to take out a series of German machine gun nests, they find themselves blindly venturing into hostile territory. Outnumbered and outgunned they must risk life and limb as they cross treacherous terrain, never knowing where the enemy might be hiding. Produced by Crazy Racer director Ning Hao, Lethal Hostage revolves around a drug dealer who falls in love with his hostage and decides to quit the business following one final deal. In the rural town of Wickenhaven, a psychotic tanning salon owner is responsible for the disappearances of many young, innocent girls, while his wife, an exotic purse designer, is willing to overlook his evil nature. This is the portrait of two recently released prisoners (Pierrette Robitaille and Romane Bohringer) who learn to live in a sugar shack deep in the forest. Unhinged by his girlfriend's sudden departure, artist Angus begins slipping into a dark layer of reality ruled by a powerful demon. Believing that the key to finding her lies within, Angus plunges deeper into the infernal netherworld. Eight years after the disappearance of Cassandra, some disturbing incidents seem to indicate that she's still alive. Police, parents and Cassandra herself, will try to unravel the mystery of her disappearance. In New York, a Pakistani native finds that his American Dream has collapsed in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. While Native American Wolf is being pursued by the FBI for having taken the law into his own hands, when his mother was raped and killed on their reservation he crosses paths with Cash, a down and out musician who is coping with the end of his marriage. An unlikely friendship develops, as they ride together towards the Teton mountain range, where Wolf will spread his mothers ashes. Hypnotherapy and drugs are used to help an amnesiac horror writer, but are the terrifying images that surface real or imagined? City lawyer Brad Walker (Matt di'Angelo) is having the worst day of his life. His high-maintenance girlfriend Sasha (Anna Passey) has left him for his so-called friend Tom (Christian Brassington) and to add insult to injury, he's been fired too. On a night out drowning his sorrows with old friend Dean (Jeff Leach), he overhears a conversation between Phil (Darren Ripley) and Ben (Stephen Marcus) - two drug dealers working for small-time gangster Jack (Alan Ford) - that will change his life forever... Businessmen Oliver Darcy and Brian Douglas have been quietly embezzling money from their employers for months. When Oliver's daughter is mysteriously kidnapped, the two men take desperate measures to protect their illegal fortune and get the girl back without the help of the police. What begins as a simple plan quickly explodes into a maelstrom of violence and betrayal when a call girl, a dirty cop and a gang of thugs learn of the crime and arrange their own ways of collecting the ransom money. After suffering the recent loss of his wife, David Reynolds decides to take his family on a cathartic trip to her home village in Columbia. While en route, they get into a car accident and seek refuge in a secluded inn. While there they find a mysterious young girl, Ana Maria, locked up with cryptic symbols painted on the walls of her cell. Shocked by the treatment of her caretaker, the family sets Ana free only to realize that she is possessed by an evil spirit from centuries past. What's worse, the spirit can jump from person to person, creating a deadly dynamic amongst the once loving family. Now, David must figure out a way to lock the spirit up for good before it destroys him and his family. Rez lost his wife sometime in the past, now he is a man abandoned by society,  trying to survive, and provide for his daughter. He possesses a gift: the perfect photographic memory, but having perfect recall isn't all it's cracked up to be.  He finds himself involved with dangerous people from his past who persuade him into testing their stolen time machine "Titus" that has the ability to send someone hours into the future. When he leaps forward in time and witnesses a nuclear explosion, he returns to his own time and has only eight hours to discover the cause and save the city from destruction. From the producers of Paranormal Activity, Insidious, and Sinister comes Dark Skies: a supernatural thriller that follows a young family living in the suburbs. As husband and wife Daniel and Lacey Barret witness an escalating series of disturbing events involving their family, their safe and peaceful home quickly unravels. When it becomes clear that the Barret family is being targeted by an unimaginably terrifying and deadly force, Daniel and Lacey take matters in their own hands to solve the mystery of what is after their family. A retired FBI profiler is called in on a last case - only to find himself at the mercy of a teenage killer's deadly game. He must use all his skills and experience to save lives, including his own. Rachel Watson, devastated by her recent divorce, spends her daily commute fantasizing about the seemingly perfect couple who live in a house that her train passes every day, until one morning she sees something shocking happen there and becomes entangled in the mystery that unfolds. When Juli meets Bryce in the second grade, she knows it's true love. After spending six years trying to convince Bryce the same, she's ready to give up - until he starts to reconsider. A vampire stripper battles other vampire strippers with the help of a defrocked priest-turned-vampire strip club owner.  Vampire strippers! Just wanted to say that again. A thug from the bayou releases horror in the deep backwoods after soliciting the services of a nefarious voodoo witch for protection - giving rise to a terrifying creature of Cajun folklore. Lotus Cat Food is under new management and this time they have improved the recipe even more. As a new day begins in the town of Silverton, its residents have little reason to believe it will be anything other than ordinary. Mother Nature, however has other plans. In the span of just a few hours, an unprecedented onslaught of powerful tornadoes ravages Silverton. Storm trackers predict that the worst is still to come, as terrified residents seek shelter, and professional storm-chasers run toward the danger, hoping to study the phenomenon close up and get a once-in-a-lifetime shot. The wealthy and impulsive Rollo Treadway decides to propose to his beautiful socialite neighbor, Betsy O'Brien. Alhough Betsy turns Rollo down, he still opts go on the cruise that he intended as their honeymoon. When circumstances find both Rollo and Betsy on the wrong ship, they end up having adventures on the high seas. A single mother fights against the supernatural in order to hold on to her daughter. Two actresses compete with each other for roles, allowing career and personal jealousy to influence their judgment, resulting in terrifying consequences. When novelist Paula Martin retreats to the seclusion of her family home Crows Hall she hopes to clear her mind and focus on her new book. The arrival of an assistant, Linda, should take the pressure off... but as the bodies pile up, Paula finds herself trapped in a terrifying nightmare of murder and madness. Alice Hardy has the "perfect" life. The "perfect" friends and the "perfect" husband. But, everything "perfect" starts to unravel when mysterious neighbors move in right next door. The story of Sister Pascalina Lehnert, who was the personal confidant and secretary to Pope Pius XII for forty years, when he was the papal nuncio in Germany, and then for his whole pontificate. The Pope had great confidence in her wisdom, energy, and loyalty, and she became known as "the most powerful woman in the history of the Vatican."  A simple scene of two rather flamboyantly-dressed Edwardian children attempting to feed a spoonful of medicine to a sick kitten. The film is important for being one of the earliest films to cut to a close-up, then back again to the same medium shot as before. A young girl's life is thrown upside down when she is molested by her favorite teacher. Through the support of her best friend, she finds the strength to tell her mother. An ex-con is inspired to go undercover and "finger" the mob after finding out his sister is hooked on illegal drugs.  Everyone has demons in their closet but when Trey meets the wrong love of his life, those demons become reality. And for those closes to Trey, his reality is deadly. Summary TREY, a sanitation worker, is desperately trying to live a normal life while suffering with a mental disorder called Manic Depression. Synopsis One day, he meets a girl, ASHLEY, who would forever change his life. On one hand she provides the emotional connection he longs for but on the other hand her presence creates a living hell he cannot escape! With Trey being friendless and complete under her control, Ashley is satisfied and everything seems to go well, until one faithful day when Ashley pushes Trey to his breaking point! Giacomo befriends a man, believing that he is the reincarnation of his dead father. Gabriel tells the story of an archangel who fights to bring light back to purgatory - a place where darkness rules - and save the souls of the city's inhabitants. Gentle Scottish Road Movie . Eight years ago, Gavin artistic son of an Scots/Italian ice-cream dynasty, turned his back on Glasgow and moved south to London to make his name illustrating children's books. Now, frustrated and broke, his Uncle Sal appears with an offer. Gavin's father has sold the family business.  To get his share of the proceeds,Gavin must return home for his father's birthday party. Swayed by the money, he sets off north and picks up a hitchicker with a secret.  Their journey is difficult but ultimately rewarding. Emiliano looks at his life with the eyes of a film director, mixing the objective reality with the processes of the artistic creation. The story he is filming flounders with his daily life, until his world is trapped in the lens of his camera. Confused, always alone and in front of a screen, now become a transfigured reality, but at the same time a measurable, controllable and manipulable one, he listens in loop to a song: one of those songs you sing or repeat as a prayer and forcing you to remember, believe and convince yourself. After a rapid engagement, a dowdy daughter of a chemist weds an industrialist, knowing little of his family or past. He transforms her into an elegant society wife, but becomes enraged whenever she asks about Michael, his mysterious long-lost brother. Explores the tangled relationship between a troubled private investigator and the missing woman he's hired to help find. Haunted by horrific nightmares, Beverly seeks professional help to keep her sanity. She is desperate to find a way that will separate her nightmares from reality. After a major shipment of drugs goes missing on the US-Canadian border, forest ranger and former Navy SEAL Henry is plunged into survival mode when the drug cartel forces him to help retrieve the downed package. Trapped in the wilderness with no communication to the outside world, Henry finds himself face to face with Clay, a man with a personal vendetta against Henry who has returned for retribution. Now, the two mortal enemies must make a choice: put aside their past and work together, or die alone at the hands of the drug runners, a ruthless gang who will stop at nothing to retrieve their lost cargo. An investigator is dispatched to Varanasi to look into a series of grisly murders. An assassin is shot by her ruthless employer, Bill, and other members of their assassination circle - but she lives to plot her vengeance. While investigating a smugglers' turf war in Cape Town, township cop Sizwe discovers police corruption. He must set loyalty aside to act with integrity, alone. An Australian urban legend comes screaming on the Ozploitation scene. It's said that if you drive down the creepy road of Lemon Tree Passage, and witness a sudden flash of light in the trees, you'll be forever haunted by the tormented spirit of a man killed by thrill speeding teenagers. Wanting to put this old wives' tale to the test, a car-load of non-believers take the supposedly cursed journey and do indeed see a strange manifestation. But it's not the one of popular myth - this sudden possession of one of their number involves another altogether more shocking crime. That of a young girl raped and murdered on the same stretch of highway. As one urban legend trumps another, the scared passengers must sort out the facts of both cases before vengeful justice from beyond the grave can be meted out with moody atmosphere, ghostly thrills and supernatural suspense. Years ago, the young Five Fingers fought for the rural town of Marseilles against brutal police oppression. Now, after fleeing in disgrace, Tau, one of them, returns to Marseilles, seeking only a peaceful life. When he finds the town under new threat, he must reluctantly fight to free it. WWII German soldiers take an occult scientist into a haunted forest in Romania, only to be confronted by their own ghosts. Hell has come to the town of Burning Bush. The terms are due on a deal with the Devil made long ago. Now, the innocent must fight for their lives as the Devil tries to destroy everything and everyone in the town, and reap the souls he was promised. Suki is a young woman confronting her destructive mental illness using "The Siamese Burn," an experimental machine designed to eliminate multiple personalities. The closer Suki comes to being "cured," she's haunted by a thought... what if the last unwanted identity turns out to be her? Operation Amsterdam is a 1959 adventure film, directed by Michael McCarthy, and featuring Peter Finch, Eva Bartok, and Tony Britton. It is based on a true story as described in the book Adventure in Diamonds, by David E Walker. The action of the story covers a few days in May 1940 when the Germans invaded Holland. A reluctant birthday celebration starts out innocently enough but quickly turns into three men's desperate fight for survival. It's 1994 in Mexico, the nation was witnessing a turbulent year since its beginnings. An indigenous rebellion shakes the country. Three months later, the ruling party's presidential candidate is brutally murdered during a rally in Tijuana. The country is concerned. Nobody knows who's behind this event, it all points to a conspiracy. Andres Vazquez, an intelligence expert, is commissioned to lead a secret investigation parallel to the official government issued one. But another expert agent, el Seco, has received orders to wipe out all witnesses and get rid of the evidence surrounding the candidate's murder. As Andres begins putting the pieces of this intricate puzzle together and comes closer to the truth, he realizes he's also putting his life and that of his loved ones in peril. Trapped by a storm in a remote country estate, five people confront their past sorrows when a young woman's seemingly miraculous emergence from a years-long catatonic state coincides with the arrival of a mysterious stranger who knows everyone's deepest secrets. Is he a con man, an angel, or a mass hallucination? Single mother Ashley travels to Alaska to work with her Uncle Clive, a con man swindling money from people who believe their homes are haunted. As Ashley tackles her own demons the team must face real supernatural forces beyond anything they've ever experienced. Barry Montenegro, a ruthless, cynical, politically incorrect, and quite possibly sociopathic Hollywood actor becomes the prime suspect when a series of brutal murders rocks his latest production. When a couple sets out to build their dream house, they enlist the services of an uncompromising modernist architect, who proceeds to build HIS dream house instead of theirs. On the outskirts of a small mountain town, retired farmer Hank Taylor decides to pull down an old dead tree that sits on the edge of his property. Hank soon discovers something strange buried in the ground beneath...something large, metallic and not of this earth. Dormant for over 200 years, the object's power returns, resurrecting the hibernating occupants from a long slumber and turning the Taylor farm into an arena of heart-pounding terror. As the inhabitants of the farm take refuge in the secluded farm house, a group of mysterious covert government agents callously monitors the situation. Why have the Aliens traveled to Earth? Are the Government Agents hiding something? A wolf strives through the woods around an isolated German village. Jakob the young local police officer is onto him, but scents something more in the darkness. What he finds is a man, it seems, wild eyed, of wiry build, in a dress. He carries a katana, a Samurai sword. When the Samurai invites Jakob to follow him on his crusade towards the village, it becomes Jakob's mission to pursue the lunatic to end this wanton destruction. At the end of the night Jakob has experienced too much, is too far from whom he once was. Something hidden has been unleashed to meet the first rays of daylight. Years after his release from jail, Sam Parsons is trying to build his life with his wife Courtney and their young daughter Harper. He works hard to provide for his family and afford their beautiful home in their quiet suburban neighborhood. When supernatural occurrences start to happen in the house, Sam fears for the safety of his wife and daughter. When the occurrences turn into attacks, Sam hires Corbin Carlysle and his reality TV show ghost hunting team known as "The Ghost Killers", to help him battle the dark entity that's lurking in the shadows of his home. As things start to escalate and it becomes clear that this entity is much more dangerous than your typical ghost, complications arise when Corbin and his team are more focused on fame and fortune. To win this fight Sam must battle his own inner demons and revert back to his violent past. In order to save the ones he loves a Demon must face a Demon. A youngster goes on a road trip with the girl of his dreams and but an accident leads things to spiraling out of control. Michael Bellicher wakes up one morning to find out that his identity has been stolen. Soon he learns that the perpetrator is using his stolen ID for all kinds of illegal action. Michael tries to find out who is behind all this, when, to his horror, his credentials show up at the scene of a big terrorist attack. Suddenly he is public enemy number one... A Hans Zimmer concert featuring his film music accompanied by magical lighting effects. Struggling to find answers to his brother's questionable suicide, a sixteen year old aspiring writer is lured into the underground world of Hong Kong, as the Chinese march their way over the border during the last summer under British rule, 1997. Greg,an unsuccessful screenwriter and Rachel,a beautiful journalist research an outbreak of mass hysteria in a small village. They start to uncover a secret about ergot poisoning that has affected this village for years. But the cult activity has been kept a secret by the locals and when Greg disappears, Rachel is left alone to unravel the mystery and save their lives. A newly reunited young couple's drive through the Pacific Northwest turns into a nightmare as they are forced to face nature, unsavory locals, and a monstrous creature, known to the Native Americans as Oh-Mah. Dave Lizewski is an unnoticed high school student and comic book fan who one day decides to become a super-hero, even though he has no powers, training or meaningful reason to do so. An ex- CIA operative is brought back in on a very personal mission and finds himself pitted against his former pupil in a deadly game involving high level CIA officials and the Russian president-elect. Unable to repay their debts, Milan and Victor, best friends and co-owners of a Paris nightclub, are lured into a drug deal that goes bad. Tortured by police, they negotiate their freedom against an overwhelming testimony that condemns their psychotic liaison to prison. Six years later, the men's nightmare begins again when the pyschopath is granted his freedom. Now, not having talked for years, the old friends are united again in order to survive. A group of college boys, bored with the every day "gay life" of LA, decide to skip Pride weekend in exchange for a camping trip in the woods. Quickly overcome with boredom in their new surroundings, the boys venture into a game that ultimately unleashes the vengeful spirit of a local legend known as Malice Valeria. Overcome by her deadly plan of tainted love and her thirst to take back what was lost long ago, the boys must now band together before they fall victim to the poisons of a broken heart. Tanya is upset about her life when a coworker tells her a story about a former employee, Kelly Cage. Kelly Cage was a woman in free fall a glumly average thirty-something desperately seeking an escape from her horrible life. A former alcoholic loses her daughter, her high profile position and her dignity. She is doing all she can to straighten out and her closest friend is her laptop. Cage discovers blogging about her life experiences is a therapeutic way to release her anxiety, fear and anger. She realizes thousands of people are reading her blog including Detective Jackson. What she reads in Kelly's blogs will change their lives forever. KAFKA'S THE BURROW tells the story of a man's "metamorphosis" (as Kafka would put it) in a rapidly changing and increasingly isolated world. A man (Axel Prahl), who has seemingly achieved everything, ensconces himself in his burrow, a fortress-like apartment complex. But no matter how hard he tries to keep the outside world at a distance, he gets more and more entangled in his own web of fear and paranoia: those outside know he is there, they want him, they want his wealth, and they are inevitably going to get him ... Three detectives become embroiled in a tense struggle after a tragic accident that leaves a child in critical condition. One is guilty of a crime, one will try to cover it up, and the other attempts to expose it. How far will these men go to disguise and unravel the truth? A young college is responsible for the care of an innocent little girl, but soon all he knows give a twist that will endanger his own life. All begin when crossing under the floor of the third floor to the left, a road without knowing directly the door open to the forces of evil, freeing them at will through the building. A desperate race to save the lives when terror and pure evil are in the next aisle. Former Hollywood star Reagan Pearce is kidnapped by two men connected to his past while on location in Louisiana. When he wakes up bound and chained in a rundown shack, he soon discovers the real motives of his captors and finds himself in the middle of a twisted scheme with little chance to survive. With no rescue in sight, Reagan must use every ounce of strength he has left to break free and get his revenge. A mystery movie. Racial tensions rise in San Francisco when Charles Manson's cult returns to find that white people are the new oppressed race.  A new war is about to be started, but can somebody prevent that from happening? The film tells the story of Martin, a child of nine years, who one day disappears from private school where he studied. Police mounted a major search operation across the city to find him. All hypotheses are possible: What happened? Like every day, Marcelo gathers her children on the floor of his ex-wife. As each day play "to see who gets there first" them down the stairs, him in the elevator, a diversion that your ex-partner does not like. But when one day Marcelo plays the downstairs children are not. They are not anywhere. The fear begins to emerge when a phone call will catapult the horror: a kidnapper puts a price for the release of their children Two policewomen from Internal Affairs arrive in a provincial precinct to investigate the death of an Algerian woman who was an informer. One punches, the other eyes, tip top. When an investigative journalist returns home from the Congo to write an explosive book on uranium exports to Iraq, people around him begin to act suspiciously and alarming information about the disappearance of his girlfriend is revealed. The Manzoni family, a notorious mafia clan, is relocated to Normandy, France under the witness protection program, where fitting in soon becomes challenging as their old habits die hard. After his daughter died in a hit and run, Freddy Gale has waited six years for John Booth, the man responsible, to be released from prison. On the day of release, Gale visits Booth and announces that he will kill him in one week. Booth uses his time to try and make peace with himself and his entourage, and even finds romance. Gale, whose life is spiraling down because of his obsession towards Booth, will bring himself on the very edge of sanity. At he end of the week, both men will find themselves on a collision course with each other. 3G is the nightmarish story of Sam Arora and Sheena, a couple, who become victims of a series of events when Sam buys a 3G enabled second hand phone in Fiji islands while on a holiday.  One night they receive a Phantom Call which changes their lives forever. In 2012, three friends got together for a college assignment in a beach house. There was some sort of paranormal activity. What happened that day was recorded in their phones, but it wasn't authorized to be shown publically. Until now. A long weekend in the remote Wyoming mountains exposes a group of friends to an evil they never saw coming. Brooks Caldwell, (Cary Elwes) an erudite and handsome lawyer, seems to have it all: wealth, social status and a red hot career. His success is, in reality, a product of his marriage to his beautiful, socialite wife, Amanda, (Terri Polo) a wealthy timber heiress. Unlike most, who would remain content to enjoy a life of luxury and privilege, Brooks continues to risk everything by having extramarital affairs. Brooks' philandering, in addition to humiliating Amanda, has driven her to the point of a mental breakdown. Having been pushed over the edge, Amanda orchestrates a just and elaborate plan to bring her husband down. When Brooks leaves for a weekend romp with his latest squeeze, (Agnes Bruckner) his life quickly descends into a bizarre, nightmarish, downward spiral. An undercover MI6 agent is sent to Berlin during the Cold War to investigate the murder of a fellow agent and recover a missing list of double agents. A family moves into a possessed bungalow. A sudden turn of events in the house leaves them astonished. When things worsen, escape seems to be their last resort. A popular magician seeks help from a psychiatrist to protect him from a witch that has haunted him since childhood. A retrospective "Making of...." featurette released on the 2009 DVD release of Fritz Lang's Man Hunt (1941). Sumon is compelled to grow up in the city's underworld as mafia lord Osman Ali's killer machine. After killing a pregnant woman, Sumon's conscience leads him to defy Ali's order. Nick is excited to discover that he's won a dinner date with his favorite actress, Jill Goddard. But when Jill refuses to honor the contest, he receives an offer he can't refuse: the ability to view Jill secretly via computer. Nick begins watching the unknowing star on her webcam, not realizing that this decision will put both himself and Jill at risk as they enter a terrifying world of cat-and-mouse where nothing-and no one-are as they seem. Julia, a disillusioned young prostitute hounded by an evil spirit, escapes her pimp and crosses paths with a heavy metal band, bringing their worlds together in a night of terror. Peppino, a retired hitman for the Camorra, has now fully passed on his job and know-how to his single son, Nino. But when Nino is brutally assassinated, the old man is back in business to take revenge. Aside his everlasting love Rita and his longtime henchman Toto, Peppino will go to any lengths, even if it means bringing the Camorra down. Srinivasan is a young architect. He is happy when he gets a good job and a beautiful girlfriend, Tara. But then an accident disfigures him. Tara leaves him and Srinivasan, now sans his confidence, withdraws into his shell. Then he meets the beautiful Ragini who is willing to accept him despite his disfigurement. They get married, but after a while, he begins to doubt her true identity. A marriage that seemed perfect comes crashing down after the supposed death of Jack Saunders, husband of Adrienne Saunders. After his supposed death, strange developments begin to be discovered by Adrienne regarding Jack's past. Developments that lead her to believe she has been Deceived. Jessica and Dave along with three other young couples are kidnapped in Griffith Park by unseen Abductors and must fight to escape certain death only to discover the world will never be the same. Jack Slade was born during a solar eclipse in the year 1980. 18 years later, he finds out he has the ability to travel into the future. He projects himself into the year 2035, where society has been destroyed by a fascist regiment of psychopathic doctors that rule the wastelands, creating deformed mutants with a serum synthesized from the flesh of dead aliens. Now Slade must travel back to the year 1998 to destroy a device known as the wavelength generator, which opened the dimensional gateways to these alien beings. With the help of an army of female outlaws and a sleazy detective, Slade re-connects with the star child Khadijah, who holds the key to stopping these tragic events from ever taking place. A New York based writer meets an old publisher who offers to send him to Paris for a change of scenery. There, he unwillingly becomes the accessory to a plot to steal artwork from the Musee d'Orsay. Or is this really happening? During a summer stay on the mainland, Tinker Bell is accidentally discovered while investigating a little girl's fairy house. As the other fairies, led by the brash Vidia, launch a daring rescue in the middle of a fierce storm, Tink develops a special bond with the lonely, little girl. When Scott and Kate Johansen's daughter gets into the college of her dreams it's cause for celebration. That is, until Scott and Kate learn that the scholarship they were counting on didn't come through, and they're now on the hook for tuition they can't begin to afford. With the help of their friend and neighbor Frank also in need of a major payday they decide to open an illegal casino in his suburban house, risking everything together on a Vegas-style bacchanal where money flows, inhibitions are checked at the door, and all bets are off. Lucky Bastard is a "found footage" thriller about a porn website run by Mike (Don McManus) that invites fans to have sex with porn stars. Jay Paulson plays Dave, an eager young fan given a chance to have sex with the fabulous Ashley Saint (Betsy Rue). But everyone gets more than they bargained for in the seemingly mild-mannered Dave... with gruesome results. The film is captured by the "Lucky Bastard" porn cameras for a fresh take on the "found footage" genre A Self Defense Instructor seeks revenge for the murder of his girlfriend who was an up and coming new reporter and finds out one of the stories she worked on before which was considered a Urban Legend wounds up being real, now he will stop at nothing to uncover the truth and take down the ones responsible for her murder at any cost. or Circuito chiuso.  A young couple break into the house of a suspected serial killer and plant hidden cameras but are trapped when they try to retrieve the footage. The "Summer Camp" horror trilogy was one of the most popular franchises of the 1980s. However, the decade ended and so did director Julian Barrett's career. Now Barrett plans to resurrect his gory series via a modern reboot patterned after reality filmmaking. With his former leading lady and an eclectic group of 10 young "contestants," Barrett returns to the same locale where his old splatter-fests were filmed. When one of the campers is found savagely murdered, they realize there's more at stake than just fame and fortune. Each of them is in a fight for their lives as they realize summer is over - forever. A mother's only son dies through the carelessness of 4 teenage girls. Unable to live with his death, she sets out for revenge! She and her daughter (played by real-life mother and daughter Scream Queens Terri Lewandowski and Christine Cavalier) begin murdering the girls one by one! Before leaving for college, a recently dumped goth girl's life changes forever when she falls in love with a smart and professional college grad who is staying in the family's guest house. On his last night on the job, an unsuspecting LA cab driver gets roped into helping a wealthy investment banker cover up a brutal crime. Elang, who lived in the flat, is often haunted by images of bizarre murders involving a killer with a rabbit costume. His efforts to solve the mystery and save the lives of the people he presumed in danger, has in turn trapped him in a downward spiral and he became a suspect himself. In proving his innocence, he will be forced to unveil a horrible and long-buried secret. Anita an ex junkie moves with her husband to an isolated wind blown coastal town hoping to leave her out of control drug fueled past behind her. Her laddish, bad tempered husband is not sensitive to Anita's emotional needs and her new life does not seem to fulfill her. In her utter isolation in the misty lonely endless beach she falls victim to terrifying demoniac visions from which she will need to liberate herself before her real new life can begins. Moosa is a fisherman who anchors at an island he is not familiar with when his boat hits a storm at sea. He finds a remote hut on land where he decides to stay there for the rest of the night until the storm passes away. But soon his inner fears surface when he starts to realize that he is all by himself at an unknown place. As he spends roaming around the hut unable to sleep, he feels relieved when a stranger named Ammadey appears. Surprisingly, they become fast friends but not before they play couple of pranks on each other. As their friendship develops, Moosa begins to learn that Ammadey is the complete opposite of what he is. Ammadey is both reckless and fears nothing and carries a small knife for fun. Unbeknownst to Moosa, Ammadey starts a psychological game by exploring the very inner fears of Moosa. On a foggy day, Julia's six-year-old son Jens is called missing. Despite a thorough search, the boy is never found. Twenty years later, Julia's father receives one of the shoes Jens was wearing the day he disappeared.  Who sent it? Why? Is the boy still alive? This inexplicable act suddenly awakens a hope in Julia that she might see her son again... or that she could find his body and murderer. As she returns to her father's island, she hears stories of the mythical Nils Kant - a murderer who once was the terror of the island. He is dead and buried for years, long before Julia's son disappeared. But Julia's father uncovers that his death and burial were only a fake. While on his tracks, Julia accepts the help and love of Lennart, a local police inspector. His dark and mysterious past brings him a lot closer to Jens's disappearance that she might think... MP2V - a rare online video format...is specifically designed for streaming terror. Follow a day-in-the-life of two sociopaths as they travel through small town America on a road trip of terror. WATCH them as they document and film their heinous acts and create a psychotic road diary at each and every unnerving turn. MP2V will take you on a journey unlike any other conventional film. MP2V is a film about serial killers...made by the killers themselves. The love story between a pampered Cocker Spaniel named Lady and a streetwise mongrel named Tramp. Lady finds herself out on the street after her owners have a baby and is saved from a pack by Tramp, who tries to show her to live her life footloose and collar-free. Romantic Drama starring  Nathan Sutton, Elisha Skorman, Michael Mosley Fresh out of rehab, a young woman moves back in with her parents and sister, and soon becomes involved in a mystery that has left people in her town paralyzed. JW now lives in exile and is more than ever determined to find out what happened to his missing sister Camilla. Every trace leads him to the world of organized crime in Stockholm. Jorge is about to do his last score - the largest robbery in Swedish history. But during the complicated preparations he meets a woman from his past - Nadja.  Martin Hagerstrom is chosen to go undercover into the Serbian mafia, in order to get its notorious boss Radovan Krajnic behind bars. When an assassination attempt is made on Radovan, his daughter Natalie is pulled into the power struggle within the Serbian mafia. Richard Dacier owns a tour agency specialized on organizing safaris for European tourists eager to confront the African wild life. Actually, he took the job after his father and never went into the savanna by himself. As he owes big money to some mobster, he is compelled to convey a fake tourist, with a suspicious suitcase, toward Mozambic. To avoid suspicion from the authorities, he is supposed to tour a group of tourists as usual. The only problem - he is completely unexperienced as a guide! A young man travels to an isolated farm for his lover's funeral where he's quickly drawn into a twisted, sexually charged game by his lover's aggressive brother. Trapped in a London subway station, a woman who's being pursued by a potential attacker heads into the unknown labyrinth of tunnels beneath the city's streets Former Hollywood star Reagan Pearce is kidnapped by two men connected to his past while on location in Louisiana. When he wakes up bound and chained in a rundown shack, he soon discovers the real motives of his captors and finds himself in the middle of a twisted scheme with little chance to survive. With no rescue in sight, Reagan must use every ounce of strength he has left to break free and get his revenge. When Tora-san's infatuation with his nephew's school teacher causes family turmoil, he leaves on his travels again. When he returns, he falls in love with the teacher's mother. The special bond that develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax, and prodigy Hiro Hamada, who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes. A group of friends are led by circumstances to find themselves at the crossroads of fate. A man recently released from a mental institute inherits a mansion after his parents die. After a series of disturbing events, he comes to believe it is haunted. A man, Joseph, loses his wife at sea, then spirals deep into a world of confusion. The wife's brothers' need revenge! Joseph tries to tell anyone who will listen that a whale killed his beautiful Annabel Lee, but even he doesn't quite remember the truth. A journey into the depths of his mind, a conversation with a whale and blood thirsty brothers. Undead serial killer Joel Winter launches a violent crusade against vampires. As the devoutly single Don Johnston is dumped by his latest girlfriend, he receives an anonymous pink letter informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. Consumed by a horrific event in her past, a woman is driven to violent retribution, and soon discovers that there can be no getting even. Her only ally: a meth-making genius who manipulates her for his own ends while she wages a vigilante campaign against a powerful drug lord and his thug army. A detective, investigating a series of grisly homicides, begins to uncover the truth about her, and the role he himself played in her origins. But can he find her in time to stop the killing, and to save her from herself? Wisecracking mercenary Deadpool battles the evil and powerful Cable and other bad guys to save a boy's life. A young man returns to his rich family's estate after a stay in a mental hospital. He finds that his father has married his deceased wife's nurse, who is secretly plotting with her lover Hoping to find proof of the paranormal, five film students set out to document the legendary Copper Queen Hospital. But as the sun goes down, they experience something far worse than they ever could have imagined and they find themselves pursued by a blood thirsty maniac After her father dies, Julie returns home to discover that her mentally fragile mother has fallen under the control of a man who claims to be her new boyfriend. Now, it's up to Julie to save her mom from not only a conman, but also from the split personalities that have made her his victim. Directed by Lia A Psychology graduate struggles with the depth of his first case involving a young woman suffering with depression. After inheriting a house from the family she never knew, Samantha Harris and three friends head to rural Sader Ridge to inspect the property. Soon after arriving, Sam begins to experience horrific visions of savage brutality and unspeakable evil. Plagued by the sinister forces closing in around her, Sam descends into a waking nightmare when the demons from her past refuse to stay buried any longer. Far away from the civilized world, in the deep isolation of the lonely backwoods, Carl Henry Jessup spends his days in twisted contemplation and hazy reverie of the good old days. His contempt for outsiders keeps him close to his hillbilly family home. Carrying on the family business, Carl keeps an eye out for Grade A meat. The decision to enter an unlocked home triggers an irreversible chain of events for Robin and Chris, catapulting them into an alternate reality where they are not as alone as they think. Victor is a struggling playwright and theater director and his girlfriend Mary is expecting their first child. He has a temporary job in construction to make ends meet, but the dusty, dirty job exhausts him. Across town, Mary is a manager in a tony Madison Avenue boutique. The young couple is about to move out of their bohemian apartment in Brooklyn to the suburbs, all funded by Mary's father. As Dad keeps buying buying them things they could never afford, Victor's sense of entrapment grows. His inner struggle to meet their expectations seems to be guiding him towards a way of life he is unwilling to accept. Denmark, 2013. Police officers Carl Morck and Hafez el-Assad, sole members of Department Q, which is focused on closing cold cases, investigate the disappearance of politician Merete Lynggaard, vanished when she and her brother were traveling aboard a ferry five years ago. Andrea is a receptionist and loves soap opera star Sam Lloyd Pascual. When Sam Lloyd Pascual checks in to the resort hotel she works in, he invites her for a romantic dinner. She now has a chance to make fantasy love a reality but this turns out tragically.  On the anniversary weekend of the death of a young women's husband, five girls head out to a cabin to help their friend move past her husband's death. As the party continues a dark secret begins to unravel and a hideous past crawls out to seek revenge. In March of 2011, three filmmakers disappeared in the Superstition Mountains of Arizona while documenting their search for the Lost Dutchman mine. Their bodies were never found... but their camera was. An anorexic young woman escapes from a psychiatric clinic and meets a young man who wants to help. She is caught and returned to her parents, who are soon beheaded by a garrotting stranger making the rounds about town, apparently striking only when it rains. The orphaned young woman and her new lover launch their own investigation and are endangered when a link is discovered with the victims and a particular operation performed years before. A man named Jake Weaver stumbles across an old Jailakung board which he played around with not knowing it would open up the gates of hell. A demonic force latches onto him and takes over his mind slowly, making the good part of him rot away. Almost like a possession by a demon. Only this demon called itself Jengo Hooper.  Expect some seriously mentally disturbing scenes, car chases, hot women, explosions, decapitated body parts and cannibalism. While escaping from Nazis during the WWII, a Jewish man dug suitcases full of things dear to his heart in the ground two. The war deprived him of his family, and afterwards he endlessly turns over the soil of Antwerp to find the suitcases, which makes him look obsessed. He keeps checking old maps and keeps digging, trying to find, in fact, those he lost. His daughter Chaya is a beautiful modern girl looking for a part-time job. She finds a place as a nanny in the strictly observant Chassidic family with many children, although her secular manners clearly fly in the face of many commandments. One of the reasons she is accepted is that mother of the family is absolutely overburdened by the household, so she stays despite the resistance of the father, normally - an indisputable authority in the family. She develops a special bond with the youngest of the boys, four-year old Simcha, so far incapable of speaking. An American nanny is shocked that her new English family's boy is actually a life-sized doll. After she violates a list of strict rules, disturbing events make her believe that the doll is really alive. A man-cub named Mowgli fostered by wolves. After a threat from the tiger Shere Khan, Mowgli is forced to flee the jungle, by which he embarks on a journey of self discovery with the help of the panther, Bagheera and the free-spirited bear, Baloo. They say that in 1600s, long before the invention of photography, a scientist named Fumagalli, was obsessed with the idea of reproducing images. He discovered that by killing a victim and removing his eyeballs it was possible to reproduce on paper the last image imprinted on the person's retina. He named such tecnique "Thanatography". Today, the same kind of gruesome ritual and abominable crimes r College prof Peter Boyd tries to salvage his professional and personal reputation by using a lab chimp to prove that environment trumps heredity in behavioral development. Five Friends goes camping in the woods during a week end, filming everything. But at night, one of them vanish. Soon their vacation film turn into a terrific testimony. Ex-government operative Bryan Mills finds his life is shattered when he's falsely accused of a murder that hits close to home. As he's pursued by a savvy police inspector, Mills employs his particular set of skills to track the real killer and exact his unique brand of justice. An attractive cop is assigned the task of tracing millions of dollars of stolen church funds. The thief, is locked up in prison, and the plan is to break him out, and follow him to the hidden money. When she falls for the convict, things get complicated. The ex-boyfriend cop is jealous and suspicious. Recently released from military prison with a dishonorable discharge and a broken heart, John Hidell decides to travel to New York City. However his preparations are complicated by an unexpected relationship. For John Cuttin it all started with the first sip of the wine of her life. A "Marzemino", a typical wine of the province of Trento, quoted by Lorenzo Da Ponte in his libretto for "Don Giovanni" by Mozart.  The instant he tasted the blood-red drop of nectar John felt a sort of pleasant and mysterious explosion of the senses, and from that moment on, his nature is transformed. In just three years, from shy bank clerk and faithful husband became director, tombeur de femmes and the most revered and respected expert on wine in Italy. Just as he had predicted the enigmatic "Professor" who had convinced him to taste his first glass of wine. The only event that the "Professor" with his accent and his piercing blue eyes, had not predicted was that he would soon be charged with the murder of his wife Adele. While being put under pressure by the Commissioner Sanfelice, John is to reflect on the last three years of his life, dominated by a single and mad passion: wine. Four crew members of a military spacecraft are faced with an unfathomable dilemma after their ship is attacked, leaving them only enough air for two of them to return to base alive. In a fight for survival, each crew member must decide whether they are to accept their fate or betray their friends, as tensions rise and the air slowly leaks from the crippled spacecraft. In the near future, when communications go offline at a remote nuclear power plant isolated in the desert, a young safety inspector, Abby Dixon, is forced to fly out to bring them back online. Once inside the facility, mysterious clues and strange behaviors cause Abby to have doubts about the sanity, and perhaps identities, of the two employees onsite. Malcom McDowell, Lou Diamond Phillips and Robert Englund star in three separate stories set in an eerie mental asylum. An antiterrorism agent goes under the knife to acquire the likeness of a terrorist and gather details about a bombing plot. When the terrorist escapes custody, he undergoes surgery to look like the agent so he can get close to the agent's family. Charlie Trevor and a girl Savannah is a thought provoking action/thriller about reality verses the dream state. Trevor has been having nightmares about his girlfriend Savannah. He begins to question what is true in his present life verses the perception in his waking dream. Even though this film can come off dark our goal was to express a universal message that can seem complicated, but is as simple as exploring the Mind, Body and Soul. Once we are able to accept these 3 traits of ourselves, we will realize this balance is just the beginning to life and self-discovery to the higher being. But, it first starts with Love, Trust and Faith. Meet, Charlie, Trevor, and A Girl Savannah Inside a darkened house looms a column of TVs littered with VHS tapes, a pagan shrine to forgotten analog gods. The screens crackle and pop endlessly with monochrome vistas of static white noise permeating the brain and fogging concentration. But you must fight the urge to relax: this is no mere movie night. Those obsolete spools contain more than just magnetic tape. They are imprinted with the very soul of evil. A student falls in love with a fellow student who is defending his buddies in university court. He "proves his love" (more like his masculinity) to her by playing rugby against her ex-boyfriend. In 14th Century England, this tale of murder and mystery follows a fugitive priest who falls in with a troupe of actors. As they Arrive in a small town, the actors encounter a woman bing sentenced to death for practicing witchcraft and murder. Discarding the expected bible stories, the actors stage a performance based on the crime. Through the performance of the play, they discover a mystery. Jealousy and mistrust come in place one night, when a woman decides to expose her aggressive self, leading to several ruined lives. Miserable with her marriage to a toy-store clerk and obsessed with memories of her long-absent father, child-like Jamie learns that toys are not for children when she turns her life around--by becoming a hooker! Playing "daddy's little girl" with dirty old men, she finds true happiness until a friend arranges a special "date" between Jamie and her whore-hungry dad that, to put it mildly, does not go well. "Sleep Awake" is the story of an unhappy Romanian girl, who meets a boy that will forever change her life and the way she sees the world. A recently engaged woman's life is thrown into turmoil after confessing to her fiance that she once experimented with bestiality. Fight everyone and trust no one: it's the code of survival practiced by martial-arts master Casey Bowman after his life of domestic bliss is shattered by a savage act of violence. Vowing revenge, the fearless American stealthily tracks the killer from Osaka to Bangkok to Rangoon with the help of a wise and crafty sensei. His only clues: a series of victims whose necks bear the distinctive mark of strangulation by barbed wire. Fighting to avenge as well as to survive, Casey must sharpen his razor-like responses and take his battle skills to the next level, even using deep meditation to fake his own death. His target: the sinister drug lord Goro, who is flooding the streets with deadly meth cooked at his remote jungle factory. To prepare for his ultimate confrontation, Casey must finally become an invisible warrior worthy of the name Ninja. But just when his prey is cornered, an unexpected twist shows Casey that his battle is only beginning: he truly can trust no one. Following the events of Captain America: Civil War, Peter Parker, with the help of his mentor Tony Stark, tries to balance his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens, New York City, with fighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat, the Vulture, emerges. On the Edge is about suicidal patients discovering their true selves while going through therapy in a treatment center. An obsessed Bigfoot hunter heads an expedition into the woods to prove the creature exists, once and for all. His deadly methods put his team at risk. "The Principle" brings to light astonishing new scientific observations challenging the Copernican Principle; the foundational assumption underlying the modern scientific world view. The idea that the Earth occupies no special or favored position in the cosmos has launched the last two scientific revolutions - the Copernican Revolution and Relativity - and, as Lawrence Krauss has said, we could be on the verge of a third, with "Copernicus coming back to haunt us". Interviews with leading cosmologists are interspersed with the views of dissidents and mavericks, bringing into sharp focus the challenges and implications not only for cosmology, but for our cultural and religious view of reality. Believing they have left behind shadowy figures from their past, newlyweds Christian and Ana fully embrace an inextricable connection and shared life of luxury. But just as she steps into her role as Mrs. Grey and he relaxes into an unfamiliar stability, new threats could jeopardize their happy ending before it even begins. An American Drifter discovers a New Zealand Singer and develops and obsession for him. What starts as a poignant medical documentary about Deborah Logan's descent into Alzheimer's disease and her daughter's struggles as caregiver degenerates into a maddening portrayal of dementia at its most frightening, as hair-raising events begin to plague the family and crew and an unspeakable malevolence threatens to tear the very fabric of sanity from them all. An ex-soldier and her prisoner traverse enemy territory to find the location that holds the key to saving them and the country. As a renowned producer and close associate of Dan Rather, Mary Mapes believes she's broken the biggest story of the 2004 election: revelations of a sitting U.S. President's military service. But when allegations come pouring in, sources change their stories, document authenticity is questioned, and the casualties begin to mount. A married couple move into a new house in Dublin. Wife Janice is a weather forecaster and is tricked into working from home by her boss Joe, with whom she has had an affair. Feeling guilty about this affair, she goes to visit spiritual healer Mary and tries to follow her advice. She soon becomes distracted by a bigger issue - she begins to see ghosts in the house. They soon reveal a shocking tale of an unhappy marriage and a possible murder. Janice researches the house's past and finds the visions may have an historical basis. As she uncovers the truth, she is forced to come to terms with the secrets of her own past. When twenty-four-year-old Jae is released from prison for killing her mother, she returns to her childhood home in small-town Ridgecrest. The desire to go anywhere but there prompts her to agree to join her brother on a road trip out to Death Valley - which results in getting them hopelessly lost in the most stunning, but unforgiving topographical terrain on the planet. A haunted Afghanistan war veteran attempts to come to terms with his past while searching for his family in a post-apocalyptic America. An ordinary woman makes an extraordinary decision which will change her life forever. A young jogger named Jason is out doing what he loves, running cross- country. Unknown to him, he trespasses into private land and is soon lured into a self-sense of security. What seemed like a routine run in the countryside, turns into a heart-pounding nightmare. Fear will run its course. Will Jason ever escape to tell the story? The Popes are a family who haven't been able to use their real identity for years. In the late sixties, the parents set a weapons lab afire in an effort to hinder the government's Vietnam war campaign. Ever since then, the Popes have been on the run with the authorities never far behind. A newlywed couple moves into a house in the middle of woods only to discover that the surrounding forest is host to sinister supernatural powers which turn them against each other. Johnny St. James was a young seminary student who lost his wife to a drunk driver. With his reason for living gone, John lost his faith and turned to alcohol. Ten years later, John is finally read to get his life back on track. With his best friend Hickey ('Eric Roberts') in tow John attends his first AA meeting. He soon finds that his road to recovery tested when he runs into the man who ran down his wife. A pair of working class stiffs kidnap the son of San Francisco's most feared gangster only to find out that the father doesn't want him back. On the lonely back roads of rural Australia a deadly secret from the past awaits returned soldier Sergeant Ben Cross. Vincent Malek, a cruel and uncompromising killer forces Ben to play his deadly game. Relentlessly hunted through unforgiving terrain, Ben must draw on all his strength to survive, and unravel the truth along the way. The ultimate psychological chase film with revenge at its core, The Backpacker is a thriller in the same chilling vein as the late 60's box office sensation 'Deliverance'. As Malek hunts Ben relentlessly through his forest hunting ground in a gruesome game of cat and mouse, the action revolves around one crucial question: how far would you go for revenge... A traumatized, alcoholic Dan Torrance meets Abra, a kid who also has the ability to "shine." He tries to protect her from the True Knot, a cult whose goal is to feed off of people like them in order to remain immortal. Two mismatched security guards are thrown together to bust a smuggling operation. The study of a youth on the edge of adulthood and his aunt, ten years older. Fabrizio is passionate, idealistic, influenced by Cesare, a teacher and Marxist, engaged to the lovely but bourgeois Clelia, and stung by the drowning of his mercurial friend Agostino, a possible suicide. Gina is herself a bundle of nervous energy, alternately sweet, seductive, poetic, distracted, and unhinged. They begin a love affair after Agostino's funeral, then Gina confuses Fabrizio by sleeping with a stranger. Their visits to Cesare and then to Puck, one of Gina's older friends, a landowner losing his land, dramatize contrasting images of Italy's future. Their own futures are bleak. On the day the 15-year statute of limitations expired on a high profile serial murder case that claimed the lives of 10 women, a family member of the victim throws himself off the building in front of Choi Hyeong-goo, the detective in charge of the case. Two years later, a man called Lee Doo-seok publishes a book titled "I am the Murderer" claiming responsibility for the murders that took place 17 years ago. His book becomes a bestseller because of the author's charming looks and his vivid depiction of the crime. The detective and the self-proclaimed murderer meet face to face on a television debate show. Believing that Lee is nothing but a con artist, Detective Choi renews his search for the ultimate truth. Then another man appears suddenly, claiming he is the real killer. Boozer, skirt chaser, careless father. You could create your own list of reporter Steve Everett's faults but there's no time. A San Quentin Death Row prisoner is slated to die at midnight - a man Everett has suddenly realized is innocent. Divorced mother Yoo Rim (Yoo Seon) lives with her teenage daughter Eun Ah (Nam Bo-Ra), who is having a tough time at her new school. She has a crush on classmate Jo Han (U-Kiss's Shin Dong Ho), but he turns out to be different than what she expected. He and his friends rape her and then threaten her with a videotape of the assault. Eun Ah eventually takes her own life, leaving Yoo Rim alone and devastated. As minors, Jo Han and his friends are let off with light punishments. Yoo Rim takes matters into her own hand to get revenge for her daughter. Eddie returns to his home town hoping to pick up the pieces of his broken life. There he meets Amy, a mysterious young woman with an undeniable allure. Eddie falls for her, but he doesn't know that Amy is a conduit - a channel for evil that she must spread to others through attraction. A serial killer terrorizes a woman searching for the remains of her dead sister, trapping her in a web of horror and erotic intrigue. A God-fearing bluesman takes to a wild young woman who, as a victim of childhood sexual abuse, is looking everywhere for love, but never quite finding it. A small business owner is about to lose her shop to a major corporate development. Stranded after a tragic plane crash, two strangers must forge a connection to survive the extreme elements of a remote snow covered mountain. When they realize help is not coming, they embark on a perilous journey across the wilderness. A young couple, Robi and Ines have a 7-day deadline to pay off Robi's debt to the loan shark, or they will both be killed. When they meet a well-off banker, Marko, who could save them by lending them money, Ines and Marko become close. The crazy race against time results in a love triangle of bizarre emotions, lies and passion. Against a backdrop of magnificent landscapes and epic tableaus, banal conversations take place between characters who are comically oblivious to their surroundings. Using a special camera that can see spirits, a family must protect their daughter from an evil entity with a sinister plan. Milan, august 2009. Four workers climb a 20 meters high gantry crane inside the hangar of the INNSE, the last active factory in Milan. They threaten to throw themselves down to stop the dismantling of the machineries and the closure of the factory they work in. The hangar is surrounded by dozens of policemen and supporters from all over Italy. It is not a simple struggle. They have a clear strategy. They have an organized army. They know perfectly their territory and their enemy. There are clear rules, it is a war with a workable paradigm for all forms of struggle. Seventeen-year-old Jesse has been hearing terrifying sounds coming from his neighbor's apartment, but when he turns on his camera and sets out to uncover their source, he encounters an ancient evil that won't rest until it's claimed his very soul. A mentally unstable man, who has been kept in isolation for years, escapes and causes trouble for his identical twin brother. The Name of the Game is a feature-length documentary about the team up between the legendary arcade game designer, Eugene Jarvis, and the Finnish game developer, Housemarque. The end result of the collaboration was the critically acclaimed PS4/PC title Nex Machina. The film gives the audience an unprecedented access to the unpredictable and plain crazy world of making a video game - uncensored. A documentary crew follows an elite unit of soldiers in the wake of an alien invasion. Amber St Clair, orphaned during the English Civil War and raised by a family of farmers, aspires to be a lady of high society; when a group of cavaliers ride into town, she sneaks away with them to London to achieve her dreams. After visiting a funeral, six friends are slowly hunted one by one during their trip up north together as the full moon rises. A single mom and her two boys help take care of their grandmother with mystical powers A young woman is returned home to her biological parents after living with her abductor for 17 years. The minister of a once vibrant, landmark Baptist church, now struggling to survive, is the sole hold-out in a decaying Philadelphia neighborhood earmarked for gentrification.  But ultimately, the preacher's steely resolve to preserve his family's evangelical legacy in the community and dwindling congregation dissolves under relentless pressure from his status-seeking wife and greedy church leaders--Lured by cash bribes and promises from unscrupulous developers to establish a flashy "mega-ministry" elsewhere.  Soon, the spirits of founding congregational members - stirred from the disquiet of their graves by the remorseless trespasses of another generation - begin to make their displeasure known. As the sinners - abruptly and inexplicably bound within the confines of the sanctuary - fall prey, they must all re-examine their choices and bow to the will of the covenant ... only to reveal the righteous among them. Lawrence Salva's script centers on a detective (Facinelli), on the trail of a murderer, who is led to believe that a local teenager, harboring some sort of strange supernatural power, may be involved. Slater plays the man's disbelieving boss, while Hauer plays a man-of-the-cloth who aids the cop on his mission. When mailman Bridd Takes his sexy date Charlotte home, they find their boss on the floor with a mail opener stuck in his chest. The assailants are also after Bridd and he has to use all his talents to foil an extra-terrestrial complot. Loosely based on the true events of a homeless loner who moves into a self-storage facility inhabited by a community of bizarre squatters until they are locked in for the night with a deranged female who hunts them down in search of her lost child. Four tales unfold in the Eternal City: While vacationing in Rome, architect John encounters a young man whose romantic woes remind him of a painful incident from his own youth; retired opera director Jerry discovers a mortician with an amazing voice, and he seizes the opportunity to rejuvenate his own flagging career; a young couple have separate romantic interludes; a spotlight shines on an ordinary man. A sixty-something mother and her two adult sons cope and move onward following the death of their larger-than-life father/husband. A consumer grade DLP projector is powered on without a signal. In a fishing community of Nicaragua divers are getting sick. They descended to the sea looking for lobster and they returned to the surface with their bodies paralyzed. There is no explanation for a disease never before seen in the community, the old and wise men spoke out to alert that divers had raised the wrath of the mermaid.  A group of kids must protect their vacation home from invading aliens. A young couple arrive at a retreat in the English countryside in the hope of saving their failing marriage. But when the people around them start to be picked off by a vicious killer, the weekend becomes a matter of saving their lives. Chris is a once promising high school athlete whose life is turned upside down following a tragic accident. As he tries to maintain a normal life, he takes a job as a janitor at a bank, where he ultimately finds himself caught up in a planned heist. In 2039, jails have been turned into online portals where the public gets to choose what prisoners eat, wear, watch and who they fight. So successful is Panopticon TV, it is about to be rolled out to a whole town, providing subscribers even more choice. A documentary filmmaker takes his three friends out into the woods of Vermont searching for Bigfoot. In 1982 a group of Scouts go on a canoe trip deep into the wilderness where they hunted by an Indian Warrior Ghost who turns Scouts into Zombies. They must use all their skills to solve the mystery or become a zombie like the other before them. "Just when you thought it was safe to sleep in the woods" In 2012, a small film crew and a paranormal team traveled to a remote american indian burial ground located on an isolated island in northern Lake Michigan. Their mission was to unearth the truth behind a series of tragic paranormal related incidents that occurred on the island in 1989. What they encountered was a horror no one was prepared for. The film crew captured footage of the terrifying events as they first set foot on the shore of garden island and the horror that unraveled including the remaining moments in their own demise. Industrious high school senior, Vee Delmonico, has had it with living life on the sidelines. When pressured by friends to join the popular online game Nerve, Vee decides to sign up for just one dare in what seems like harmless fun. But as she finds herself caught up in the thrill of the adrenaline-fueled competition partnered with a mysterious stranger, the game begins to take a sinister turn with increasingly dangerous acts, leading her into a high stakes finale that will determine her entire future. A recently-married woman who has been labeled as mentally unstable, begins to suspect that someone close to her is the culprit in a sudden string of murders. In Twisted Minds we find exactly how dark a pleasure can run and how a look can be transformed into something individual, exciting but yet stunning. Two crooks looking out for a drug lord's love interest scramble to find a look-alike after she dies unexpectedly. Abbas Ali (Abhishek Bachchan) lives in Chandni Chowk, New Delhi with his sister Sania (Asin Thottumkal). They are legally fighting for an ancestral property-- land case. But the odds turn against them and they lose. Their well wisher, Shastri Chacha, advises and convinces them to migrate to his village Ranakpur where he assures Abbas that he will get him a job at his owner's place. The owner being none other than the powerful Prithviraj Raghuvanshi (Ajay Devgn). Abbas enters Ranakpur village and while saving a child trapped inside a temple, he breaks open the lock of an ancestral temple but fate plays an important twist in Abbas' life as the whole village including Prithviraj's step-brother Vikrant opposes Abbas' actions but Prithviraj arrives and handles the situation. The true story of a journalist who investigates the backgrounds of the Oktoberfest terror attack of 1980. A murder mystery about a young man accused of killing his wife. He's imprisoned but a mystery shrouds the circumstances of her death. Set against the backdrop of postwar Liberia, the film is based on the acclaimed Bai T. Moore novel. A young woman studying the habits of webcam chat users from the apparent safety of her apartment witnesses a brutal murder online and is quickly immersed in a nightmare in which she and her loved ones are targeted for the same grisly fate as the first victim. 20 years after going MIA in Desert Storm, Aaron returns home under mysterious conditions, not having aged since his disappearance, and must reestablish relationships with loved ones before an imminent return to an ambiguous other-worldly existence. Publisher Will Randall becomes a werewolf and has to fight to keep his job. In a world where clone soldiers from three military tribes are locked in a perpetual battle of air, land and technology, one clone is separated from the battle and finds herself on the run with a group of unlikely companions. Charlie is a French-Canadian man involved in cross-border drug trade in Northern Ontario. After he decides he wants to leave the industry, his boss sets him up to force him to stay. The journey of a woman scientist who, at the end of times, discovers that true Faith can bring Miracles. Karen, a visually impaired teen and her grandmother make a routine visit to clean the family-owned rental property. But things become unsettling when Karen finds herself alone and childhood memories surface. What starts out as a typical domestic clash quickly turns into a discordant nightmare. Peter seems to have it all: a beautiful wife, a baby on the way, and tow loving friends. They all gather at his cabin for a birthday retreat, but the celebration quickly turns sour as secrets spill out and Peter's mind starts to unravel. Unable to distinguish the truth from his own jealous insecurities, Peter seems to forget even when whose life he is living. The story about the relationship between a manic depressive man, Mr Jones, and the female doctor who takes more than a professional interest in his treatment. Anders Breivik took the lives of 69 people on Utoya Island and 8 people in the downtown Oslo explosion. Jolana (18) is an object of her stepf-father's desire. She is unable to cope, especially when her own mother turns a blind eye. Those events are heavily paid for when she finds herself working in a brothel. Her inability to cope raise a question: What is it she actually wants? Are her dreams of escaping really better than the reality she finds herself in? The abolishment of a railway station in a remote Bosnian village affects the lives of the local railwaymen. After crossing the border illegally for work, Miguel, a hard-working father and devoted husband, finds himself wrongfully accused of murdering a former sheriff's wife. After learning of his imprisonment, Miguel's pregnant wife tries to come to his aid and lands in the hands of corrupt coyotes who hold her for ransom. Dissatisfied with the police department's investigation, the former sheriff tries to uncover the truth about his wife's death and discovers disturbing evidence that will destroy one family's future, or tear another's apart. A vacationing family encounters an alien threat in this pulse-pounding thriller based on the real-life Brown Mountain Lights phenomenon in North Carolina. A grieving doctor is being contacted by his late wife through his patients near death experiences. After surviving the incidents in Barrow, Alaska, Stella Olemaun relocates to Los Angeles, where she intentionally attracts the attention of the local vampire population in order to avenge the death of her husband, Eben. Set in 1952, as England prepares for the coronation, The Scapegoat tells the story of two very different men who have one thing in common - a face. A struggling motel owner and her daughter are taken hostage by a nearly blind career criminal to be his eyes as he attempts to retrieve his cash package from a crooked cop. Azara Meghie explores and negotiates queer politics through dance and spoken word. A lord explores the lives of common people. A suspenseful, genre-bending film with two converging storylines. An aspiring college journalist records events in a diary about the turmoil of a society due to the insertion of a RFID chip mandated by the government. ? Years later in the rubble of a post apocalyptic society filled with decay and violence, the diary finds its way into to the hands of an officer in the New World Army who uncovers the truth about the past and discovers everything he stood for was a lie. But what will he do now? After Jake Tilton is given a mystical "monkey's paw" talisman that grants its possessor three wishes, he finds his world turned upside down after his first two wishes result in his malevolent coworker, Tony Cobb, being resurrected from the dead. When Cobb pressures Jake into using the final wish to reunite Cobb with his son, his intimidation quickly escalates into relentless murder - forcing Jake to outwit his psychotic friend and save his remaining loved ones. A naive young boy unknowingly becomes the pawn of a serial killer. Two feuding brothers (one a policeman, the other a martial arts expert) of different political views, join forces to avenge the death of their father, a retired agent, killed by the mafia. Every man's dream becomes every man's nightmare when a recently-single 20-something picks up three cam girls at a bar and welcomes them into his home. Below the streets of New York is a dark and dangerous world hidden in the shadows of abandoned subway tunnels and miles of forgotten infrastructure. When a young documentary filmmaker goes into these tunnels to uncover the unseen stories of the people living below our feet, she finds out that there is more to be afraid of than the dark. A mysterious figure, living beyond the reach of the law, has declared war on the outside world that threatens to tear apart the fragile underground society living in the tunnels and maybe even the city above it. After a zombie becomes involved with the girlfriend of one of his victims, their romance sets in motion a sequence of events that might transform the entire lifeless world. A Japanese Yakuza gangster's deadly existence in his homeland gets him exiled to Los Angeles, where he is taken in by his little brother and his brother's gang. A man who suspects his wife is cheating on him begins having nightmarish visions of an evil presence that he believes inhabits his house. The story of Panamanian dictator, Manuel Noriega. Tom and Anna Wright, a young American couple, fall into severe debt while renovating Anna's family home in London. As the couple faces the loss of their dream to have a house and start a family, they discover that the tenant in the apartment below them is dead, and he's left behind a stash of cash--$400,000 worth. Though initially hesitant, Tom and Anna decide that the plan is simple: all they have to do is quietly take the money and use only what's necessary to get them out of debt. But when they start spending the money and can't seem to stop, they find themselves the target of a deadly adversary--the thief who stole it--and that's when very bad things start happening to good people. After her boss goes missing, Selma travels to a mountainous region called "La Frontera" to investigate his disappearance. In this primitive and dangerous locale, she will find a complex web of deception, betrayal, and murder, not to mention one very unfriendly dog. World War II soldier-turned-U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels investigates the disappearance of a patient from a hospital for the criminally insane, but his efforts are compromised by his troubling visions and also by a mysterious doctor. 14 year-old The Orphan only wants to meet the notorious vigilante The Bad Samaritan, but when she comes face-to-face with her idol she finds he's a little further away from being the fatherly-figure she was hoping for as he threatens her serious GBH. Although he might have something to do with the fact The Orphan has just punched and mugged a woman of her handbag. Pistol in hand she is able to fend him off but she can't shake of the obsession she has as she sees from her TV he is becoming more than just a lone psycho in a mask. In a world where words such as 'peace' and 'justice' have different meanings The Orphan decides to go to one of his 'secret meetings' and face 'the hero of the people' one last time. Gabriel Chevalier, 45 years old, is an ex-policeman. Unemployed, lonely and depressed,he lives like a ghost and hardly takes care of his only teenage child Juliette. One day, by pure chance, he finds a suspicious but extremely well paid job: his daily mission consists of delivering a briefcase exactly where he is told. The only rule being to never open it. These deliveries will bring him to meet weird people in strange places. Gradually, his cop instinct resurfaces... A desperate doctor locks down South Union Cardiac Hospital to keep the greatest discovery in human history to himself, while a young intern races to save a dying young dancer, his ex-girlfriend, and his best friend, and stop his mentor. Jenny Bilson, a high school senior, is the perfect student, a wonderful daughter to a veteran police detective and an all American Dream. But the one mistake she is unaware of making is about to haunt her in a very violent way, as her past returns for revenge. A cruel dictator rules a Latin American state. Corruption, brutality and exploitation are present every day. A few people begin to organise resistance. Under the leader "El Leopardo" a small group of guerillas fights against the violent government. An ambient video of seven "video-paintings." Presented in vertical format (the television or monitor needs to be turned on its side for proper viewing). Eddie is a very rich man who has everything he wants; money, family, success. But a car crash is all that needs to make him reconsider the life he leads. Searching for the happiness he lost, he remembers his one time lover, Gwen. Meanwhile his wife conspires to take his fortune. Is the year 2023. Quito has been walled by Leonardo Ponce, a military dictator that took control of the city in the early 2010's. A group of revolutionaries led by Marcos and Santiago are on the verge of giving a coup d'etat. Just hours before the strike, Santiago steps forward and starts asking tough questions that led everybody to rethink why are they really doing this. Meanwhile at Ponce's palace, he is trying to decipher what is going on at the city wall. There's unusual movement and one of the revolutionaries is captured. Ponce tries to get as much information as he can from him. Confined to just 2 locations, Quito 2023 shows the human side of the revolution, the internal conflicts of their leaders and the hopelessness of a region that cannot be governed. After hit movie Shikaar, director Padmakumar's next titled as Thiruvambadi Thamban. S.Sureshbabu, the writer of Shikaar will penned for Thiruvambady Thamban. Jayaram and Haripriya play the lead roles . Tollywood actor Kishore is doing as villain and Myna fame Thambi Durai plays a vital role. Jagathy Sreekumar, Kalabhavan Mani, Nedumudi Venu also includes the cast. Thiruvambady Thamban is being produced by Alexander John under the banner of Jini Cinema. Cinematography is by Manoj Pillai, Ouseppachan will scored music and art section handled by Manu Jagath. Pluto chases a kitten through a window and right into Mickey's lap. Mickey scolds him, and goes off to wash the kitten. Pluto falls asleep in front of the fire, and dreams of a hell ruled by cats where he is put on trial for all his crimes against cats and, of course, found guilty. Ahmed Sakr is one of the best news photographers in Egypt, he always puts himself in the right place while the most dangerous events happen, his wife got killed while she was with him and no body knows the killer, he goes on a journey to know the killer until he finds an antique camera that changes the course of the events, the camera doesn't just shoot the present, it shoots the past... or maybe the future? A brokenhearted woman teams up with her ex-boyfriend to try and stop the hitman she accidentally hired to kill him. Alice Howland, happily married with three grown children, is a renowned linguistics professor who starts to forget words. When she receives a devastating diagnosis, Alice and her family find their bonds tested. A family imprisoned by intruders is forced to play a terrifying game of "Kill, Or Be Killed". As the night unfolds, the game's mysterious rules become clear, and the family realizes their nightmare is being streamed live to riveted viewers all over the world, who are compelled to KEEP WATCHING... not knowing if what they're seeing is real, or staged. Seven strangers find themselves unwitting participants in a U.S. government evacuation program gone horribly wrong. A seemingly innocent man is abducted by a notorious L.A. serial killer, who forces his victims to switch roles with him so that he can enact his own capture, torture and murder. Two graduate students and lover's from USF studying Criminal Behavioral Sciences attempt to secure an interview with an active serial killer. A man goes on an evening jog only to have it turn into a race for his life when he is stalked by a psychotic killer. Copper Jack Stone purposefully orchestrates a bank robbery in order to be thrown into prison with the notorious Russian kingpin Balam. Balam is more than just a mob criminal; he's a very cunning and dangerous lord who controls the police force from behind bars. Balam lives in prison as a cover for his real power, which is King of the city. His cell is a lavish private room built specifically for him, inaccessible to most in the depths of the prison structure. Even the warden fears venturing into his area of the prison. However, even surrounded by his loyal henchmen and guards in his sectioned off fortress, Balam doesn't know Jack is coming for him to avenge his family, who Balam murdered in cold blood. Balam is tough... but Jack is tougher. Louie Jeffries is happily married to Corinne. On their first anniversary, Louie is killed crossing the road. Louie is reincarnated as Alex Finch, and twenty years later, fate brings Alex and Louie's daughter, Miranda, together. It's not until Alex is invited to Louie's home that he begins to remember his former life, wife and best friend. Of course, there's also the problem that he's attracted to Louie's/his own daughter. A young psychology student is drawn into the dark and fearful world of a diabolic and mysterious App that starts to terrorize her, distributing compromising photographs, videos and text messages about herself and delves deeper and deeper into her personal life, flawlessly exposing all of her deepest secrets. Naturally beautiful, Katie has just settled into New York where she, like many other young women, is trying to make it as a model. But what starts out as an innocent and simple photo shoot soon turns into something disturbingly unthinkable! Raped, tortured and kidnapped to a foreign country, Jessica is buried alive and left to die. Against all odds, she manages to escape. Severely injured, she will have to tap into the darkest places of the human psyche to not only survive, but to exact her revenge... Eager to escape the grief and nightmares of the city, Louis Olsen travels to Southwest Minnesota, seeking the peace of the rural countryside. When he accidentally disturbs the grave of a supposed local 'witch' Mary Jane Terlinden, what began as a peaceful reprieve unravels into a haunting nightmare from which Louis cannot escape - but is it all just in his head? A fantasy film about a near future in which the manipulation through TV and mass media modifies our real lives for the benefits of obscure interests. Seven high-school friends begin their Euro-trip at the actual castle of Vlad the Impaler where he supposedly sold his soul to the devil over 500 years earlier, but the decrepit castle's past envelopes them in a bloody ritual. Maryann moves in with her grandparents after she's orphaned. Desperately lonely, she sets out to befriend a neighboring deathly ill, bed-ridden boy, despite the outright disapproval of his mother. Maryann's persistence pays off, however, and during a series of secret visits she gradually uncovers some seriously sinister goings-on in the house. Documentary key political thriller that aims to provide a reflection on the future of the Arab Spring told through the eyes of the protagonists of the Jasmine Revolution. Jessica and Dave along with three other young couples are kidnapped in Griffith Park by unseen Abductors and must fight to escape certain death only to discover the world will never be the same. A rising Boston gangster (Ben Barnes) endangers those around him when he starts to make moves without the knowledge of his boss (Harvey Keitel). Identicals is a highly unconventional romantic thriller: an obsessive love story stripped down and re-arranged into the looping logic of a nightmare. A group of ghost hunters must up their game to compete in the competitive world of paranormal TV shows, leading them to a truly haunted prison with a grisly past that proves to be more than they bargained for. The small city of Tarker's Mill is startled by a series of sadistic murders. The population fears that this is the work of a maniac. During a search a mysterious, hairy creature is observed. This strange appearance is noticed once a month. People lock themselves up at night, but there's one boy who's still outside, he's preparing the barbecue. Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent. A woman awakes after a savage attack orchestrated by her former lover to discover that she has severe amnesia. She must elude the assailants before they can finish her off. A painter, a fighter, both artists in their own way. Brother and sister, forced to flee their home, arrive at Seattle inside a shipping container. Trying to make their way in a new world the pair struggle to survive. Until, one day, an art dealer takes an interest in the sister's painting, and the pair find themselves living a dream come true. The sister loses herself in painting, and the brother seizes the opportunity to express himself, as a fighter. But it really is all just a dream. Conned by her patron into forging a Van Gogh. Purchased by a ruthless criminal with a passion for fine art. The brother and sister soon find themselves embroiled in Seattle's criminal underworld and a Brush With Danger. Waking in a hospital, bruised and beaten, a young man struggles to piece together the events of a horrifying weekend. Amid flashes of relaxing with friends, the image of a killer begins to emerge - creeping ever closer. Somewhere within his memories and the madness lies the key to the killer's identity, which, once discovered, may be more horrific than the murders themselves. Set in rural southern Louisiana Jake's Road is a tale of family and how one moment can rip loved ones apart or bind them forever. With enough twists and turns to keep viewers guessing until the very end, we discover what drives a man to kill all that he loves and fight for all that he has. John Larroquette is the head of a detective agency that is hired to find a missing person, probably kidnapped. They employ the help of a mystic/psychic to help find the missing girl. Drew returns home after 35 years to discover that the creature he imagined living under his bed as a child is real - and it's a succubus. When you become a detective in Warsaw Indiana - you go to Poker Night, where you play against some of the best cops in the business. They tell you stories about their time on the job - their successes and failures. When new Detective Stan Jeter leaves the game, he is caught by a vicious psychopath and locked in a basement. Using the stories he heard at Poker Night, he must match wits against his captor - and save not only himself, but the young girl trapped in the basement with him. Like Seven and Usual Suspect, Poker Night combines thrills and twists and turns that will leave you guessing till the very end. A babysitting uncle tells his charges three horror stories--about a killer witch, Little Red Riding Hood and a werewolf, and a story about "Goldi Lox" and the three bears. In a dystopian future, a totalitarian regime maintains peace by subduing the populace with a drug, and displays of emotion are punishable by death. A man in charge of enforcing the law rises to overthrow the system. A glimpse into the hypnosis sessions that took place between Dr. Benjamin Simon and Betty Hill shortly after her abduction. Caesar Augustus tells of how he became the emperor to his reluctant daughter, Julia following the death of her husband Agrippa. Chef Nandagopal (Mohanlal), while publicly known as the chef of the popular Nandu's Food Court, is also 'Lokpal' (Peoples' Protector), who fights corruption. The film does a flashback to Nandagopal's backstory which involves "attempted murder, a juvenile home and unrequited love Also known as The Battersea Ripper, this is a comic crime thriller set in London concerning a young girl's kidnapping and the hapless police and reporters trying to get to the truth. It has never been released to DVD and has only ever had a limited theatrical screening in 2006. 10 years ago, Officer James Fincher narrowly escaped being killed at the hands of a masked maniac. Now a Detective, a new string of murders has begun in Havenwood. Has the Ripper returned? Dewey Bozella's life changed forever when he was sentenced to 20 years to life in prison for a murder he did not commit. Throughout his 26 years behind bars, Bozella found strength and purpose through boxing, becoming the light heavyweight champion of Sing Sing Prison, and made it a goal to be proven innocent and box professionally once he was released. ESPN Films chronicles Bozella's journey from prison cell to professional boxer. Don Wallace arrives at Slaughterhouse, an elite boarding school in the English countryside where the children of the wealthiest are groomed to dominate society. But the monolithic rules of the British upper class change when greed and recklessness unleash an ancient power hidden for centuries and future predators become helpless prey. Months after a scarring event, a tight-knit group of friends are taken captive while on vacation at a cabin by a seemingly normal couple. After days of being subjected to sleep deprivation and mental torture, the group must desperately try to discover the motivation of their captors before they're taken out one by one. Tarun and his wife Shrishti are living a happy life with there daughter . One day to save the Honor of a woman, Tarun accidentally kills two gangsters. After this his black past unfolds and starts haunting his present life. Tarun has to go back to his roots and get out of his past to make his family secure and happy. Sam &amp; Fordy run a credit card fraud scheme, but when they steal from the wrong man, they find themselves threatened by sadistic gangster. They need to raise PS5m and pull off a daring diamond heist to clear their debt. Tom and Brenda have the perfect life but when Brenda is violently attacked in the comfort of their home, their perfect lives are thrown into chaos and fear. After a tragic accident Grace is lost and alone in the Smoky Mountains. Grace's struggle for survival is made more complicated by her troubled past. Battling the demons in her mind may be the only way to come out alive. Two women, one from the United States and one from the United Kingdom, swap homes at Christmastime after bad breakups with their boyfriends. Each woman finds romance with a local man but realizes that the imminent return home may end the relationship. Blowtorch is the Brooklyn story of Ann Willis, a recently widowed and financially struggling, mother of three. When her oldest son is murdered, she inexorably takes the investigation into her own hands. The Justified Ancients of Mu Mu, King Boy D and Rockman Rock, try to find and gain access to the mystical White Room. They leave a party at their house and drive in their 1968 US Cop Car through night-time London and the dusty plains of the Sierra Nevada region of Spain. There they face judgement: will they be allowed to enter the White Room? Meanwhile their lawyer David Franks tries to find a loophole to free them from their contract with Eternity.  Kaitlyn, an ER nurse who is tending to a young stabbing victim, is accidentally electrocuted by the defibrillator that is used in an effort to save the woman's life. Almost immediately Kaitlyn starts to experience the victim's memories. She turns to family, friends, and the police, but no one takes her seriously. She decides that she must take it upon herself to try to solve the crime - or risk the terrifying visions ending in her own sanity being at stake. Ultimately Kaitlyn teams up with the detective on the case and weaves her way through the victim's past - to discover not only the brutal truth, but also some very unexpected lessons about life, love, sorrow and forgiveness along the way. (official website) When a passenger ship sinks, a ship's officer must decide which passengers in an overcrowded lifeboat must be sacrificed so the rest can survive an approaching typhoon. When a group of teenagers decides to quench their curiosity of the mystical by breaking into the school and conjuring up a spirit, nothing could prepare them for the gruesome fight they faced ahead. In this entirely student-made sequel to the 2012 film Last Night Forever, ordinary teens must find a way to rid themselves of the spirit of the crazed serial killer responsible for the massacre the school had seen 5 years beforehand. The students must beat the regular ingredients of high school drama: Love, Gossip, Confusion and Betrayal. But unlike most, the terror-stricken students must also face enemies they've never faced before: Voodoo, Murder and SACRIFICE Five friends went on a trip to get away from the bustling life of Saigon. What promised to be an unforgettable adventure for these friends turned into a nightmare all of them would want to forget, if they survive. Coward is a 28 minute film set during World War 1 that brings to light some of the brutal treatment soldiers received for suffering what would now be known as shell-shock. It follows two cousins, Andrew and James, from their home in Northern Ireland who join the British Army to fight for their Country and make their families proud. Through their eyes we see the reality of life on the front lines. In the harsh snowy landscape of the Italian Alps, a young technician arrives to repair an electric power plant of a village plagued by blackouts. There, he encounters a strange disappearance. An eclectic group of passengers travelling from Delhi to Mumbai aboard the Rajdhani Express has to deal with an unexpected situation. Facing certain death, a group of peaceful aliens try to thwart their violent oppressors, in an attempt to preserve their species and humanity. Five friends on a small airplane mysteriously lose their radio connection on a trip from New York to LA. As they continue their flight, they're forced to assume that a major disaster happened on the ground. They discover a stowaway, Erik, who urges them not to land at any cost. Before they run out of fuel, they must find out the truth. A masked maniac terrorizes the same small community where a murderer known as the Phantom Killer struck decades earlier. Jesse Milton is living the high life - money, surf and a never-ending supply of hot dates - until he discovers his latest blonde bombshell dead. A wealthy high powered woman suffers a horrible tragedy after which she descends into substance abuse,turning her back on her family. She later discovers that someone close to her may be behind her subsequent abduction and kidnapping. The Blue Meanies take over Pepperland, draining it of all its color and music, firing anti-music missiles, bonking people with green apples, and turning the inhabitants to stone by way of the pointed finger of a giant blue glove. As the only survivor, the Lord Admiral escapes in the yellow submarine and goes to Liverpool to enlist the help of the Beatles. After leaving a doctor visit with the worst news, Valerie Dreyfuss and her sister Melissa come to a stop on a lonely stretch of road. Their car is engulfed by a blinding light....12 hours later Valerie wakes to the horror that her sister is gone, nowhere to be found. A semi-autobiographical account of a move from Sri Lanka to Britain, which explores "being inbetween East/West, mother/father, male/female". The filmmaker was born in Sri Lanka and brought up in the traditions of European culture and Roman Catholicism. He moved to England to live and work, and the film, which combines drama and documentary, is a personal account of his "negotiation of his personal history". Death-row inmate Sudo (Pierre Taki) sends a letter to magazine reporter Fujii (Takayuki Yamada). In his letter, he states that a man named Kimura (Lily Franky), also known as "teacher," committed numerous murders for insurance money. While checking out the story, based on Sudo's tip, Fuji becomes convinced that the letter is correct. But, a lot of time has passed from the incidents and Sudo's testimony isn't clear. Due to the persistance of Sudo, who is a former yakuza, and Fuji, the police begin to move. A grisly murder perpetrated by a deranged killer, Jake Johnson's wife and daughter were murdered by a Psychotic vigilante only known as The Laughing Mask. As the police look for clues and the body count begins to rise, Johnson will play a dangerous game in order to avenge his family' death. 17 yr old Jasmine struggles to come to terms with her fathers death. She and her best friend Skye are left to take care of their younger siblings Zac, Blake and Eva when their mother's Sandy and Katherine decide to go on a girls night out to give Sandy a breather. Jasmine and Skye take the kids to the notoriously haunted Quarantine station to research a school assignment where they find out more about a resident ghost; Jolene Denman, AKA the girl in the pink dress. In an attempt to scare the boys, they pretend to evoke the spirit of the troubled girl but when things start going terribly wrong they begin to realize that their actions have had serious consequences. Jasmine and Jolene have a fateful connection. That night as Jasmine's behavior becomes increasingly concerning, Jasmine's boyfriend Cameron and Skye discover that the kids have gone missing. Harsha Vardhan is out to avenge his wife's murder. But it will be a tough job when Alexander, the police officer of the city, is very cautious of what is happening around. The tranquility of a small town is marred only by sheriff Tod Shaw's unsuccessful courtship of widow Ellen Benson, a pacifist who can't abide guns and those who use them. But violence descends on Ellen's household willy-nilly when the U.S. President passes through town... and slightly psycho hired assassin John Baron finds the Benson home ideal for an ambush. Samantha "Sam" works at a crisis hot-line where she listens to strangers and helps them deal with their pain. It's a pain she knows well since the hot-line saved her life once when she lost her sight and didn't know how to live in a world of darkness. On her last night on the job, Sam receives an terrifying visit from one of her regular callers who feels betrayed that she's leaving him. This man is no ordinary caller. He's a sadistic serial killer she's unknowingly been keeping from killing himself for over a year. With only a skeleton on the graveyard shift, there's very little that stands between him and Sam. He's come for her and won't let anything or anyone stand in his way. Will Sam survive the longest, darkest night of her life? During her wedding ceremony, Rachel notices Luce in the audience and feels instantly drawn to her. The two women become close friends, and when Rachel learns that Luce is a lesbian, she realizes that despite her happy marriage to Heck, she is falling for Luce. As she questions her sexual orientation, Rachel must decide between her stable relationship with Heck and her exhilarating new romance with Luce. Having recovered from a shattering emotional breakdown, college professor Ben Marshall relocates to the countryside with his wife and young son, hoping for a fresh start. He has a teaching job lined up and a new home to move into; things finally look to be going Ben's way. Until, that is, he starts to feel that something isn't quite right in the house. Finding himself plagued by spectral visions, Ben becomes obsessed with uncovering the truth behind a local mystery that appears to be putting the lives of his family in danger The short film is a poetic interpretation of the writer's mental journey during the writing process. The writer, played by Bryan Cranston (AMC's Breaking Bad), creates a woman in his mind, played by Lela Edgar, while working on his next script. Yaan is a 2014 Tamil film directed by Ravi K. Chandran. The film stars Jiiva and Thulasi Nair in lead roles. In a world in which Great Britain has become a fascist state, a masked vigilante known only as "V" conducts guerrilla warfare against the oppressive British government. When V rescues a young woman from the secret police, he finds in her an ally with whom he can continue his fight to free the people of Britain. When an American teenager gets bullied at her school in Southeast Asia, she fights back--and gets sent to a reform school. But the "school" is more like a prison, and the young teenager must fend off predatory guards and menacing gangs to survive Three men bury a woman they have murdered in the middle of the night. They get an unexpected visitor, who wants to do business with them. Soon, the ghost of the dead girl turns up before them sending them running for their lives. Young, charismatic, and hardworking, Sparra Farrell seems to be sailing into a happy, respectable life. He has a solid job and an adorable fiancee named Paula, and already owns a modest house in the country outside Melbourne. The only odd thing is that Sparra says precious little about his past -- but that past is about to catch up with him, and wrest control of his present. Azura is woman who isn't so young anymore and she is obsessed with becoming a mother. Driven passionately by her nagging mother and competitive sister, she is meticulously monitoring her ovulation cycle to try and conceive with her apathetic boyfriend. After months of trying, her obsession is rapidly growing worse. When she finally reaches her breaking point and finds out a hidden secret, how far will she go to become pregnant? Not everyone is conceived out of love. This is a dramatic tale of a woman's need to procreate taken to horrific levels A rash of grisly murders plagued a small southern Ohio town for over a decade, before ending abruptly in 1992. Now, 20 years later, this small town is again terrified as the body count begins to rise. Inspired by true events.  Jennifer is a British-Ghanaian girl who visits Ghana for the first time and experiences her Aunty Barbara treating the domestic worker Efua very harshly. A girl witnesses a horrible sight online, then the electricity is cut off inside her apartment. Later when the light returns, she feel that she is not alone. The President, an intern and two fiber optics specialists find themselves trapped in the Oval Office after discovering the windows and doors have been rigged to explode. After being released from prison, a man known as The Rambler stumbles upon a strange mystery as he attempts a dangerous journey through treacherous back roads and small towns en route to reconnecting with his long lost brother. Jeremy, a local police officer leads a life of a confusing past, spending his current time searching for his kidnapper as a child. After other children begin missing, Jeremy pieces together the truth and realizes that his childhood kidnapper could be a creature of ancient yuletide lore, Krampus, who is the brother of St. Nick, and punisher of children who perform acts of unspeakable evil without repercussion. Can Jeremy kill Krampus and prevent more missing children? Three rival actresses and their crew, desperate and hating each other, reunite for a horror movie sequel when someone starts killing them off just like in their movie, in this bitchy, raunchy comedy mystery. After five years of Boondockers snowmobile videos you might say they are lucky to be alive, and They are not talking about the crashes and wrecks. Boondocking has come to mean more than just mind-numbing powder days, adrenaline-pumping drops, and technical climbsits a lifestyle where dedication and hard work provide the ultimate payout. Just like you weve spent our winters tracking every minute of every day. Riding till your heart screams, digging till your lungs burn, and pushing the limits of endurance, we guess you could say they have been living in dog years. This is the best Boondockers to date: an anniversary tribute to an endless winter of deep powder, unexplored terrain, and the unforgettable footage that tells the story. Lucky to be alive? In a time of starvation, a survivalist lives off a small plot of land hidden deep in forest. When two women seeking food and shelter discover his farm, he finds his existence threatened. After surviving a near-death experience, a teenager discovers that she's become a channel for an evil spirit's entry into her life. Julia Child and Julie Powell - both of whom wrote memoirs - find their lives intertwined. Though separated by time and space, both women are at loose ends... until they discover that with the right combination of passion, fearlessness and butter, anything is possible. A former rodeo star, now a motel manager, meets a young man who is responsible for the violence that suddenly has seized his small town. A widowed child psychologist lives in an isolated existence in rural New England. When caught in a deadly winter storm, she must find a way to rescue a young boy before he disappears forever. Richard Hunter, a promising young lawyer at a prestigious firm, has the perfect future mapped out. However, a costly mistake with a powerful client has put it all at risk. In a desperate attempt to save his job, Richard and his wife Tara spend the weekend at the cottage of senior partner Preston Westwood. The young couple is quickly seduced by their charismatic hosts' lavish lifestyle but it is clear that something ominous lies just below the surface. After a devastating act of violence reveals that they have become pawns in a blood feud between the Westwoods and a local family, Richard and Tara must decide what they are willing to sacrifice for success...their morals, their marriage, or their lives. A young woman who leads a lonely, mundane existence in the real world but who has the perfect life in her lucid dreams which she can somehow control, meets a mysterious stranger who challenges her to turn her dream life into something a bit more adventurous. Then her dreams become more real than her reality and the line between the two starts to blur. The story of the film revolves around the lives of three women- Aparna, Damini and Nancy. Aparna is a journalist. She suspects that her husband is having an affair with Damini, an IPS officer. Aparna's husband is kidnapped. Aparna goes to meet Damini and a relationship between Aparna and Damini begins. Nancy is a call-girl who is raped. She lodges a complaint to the local council but it goes in vain. She then approaches a news channel where Aparna is a journalist, Aparna helps her to get justice. Two parallel realities and a baby as the link between past and present. A group of young women teamed together in their youth to run a babysitting business, when one of their friends died suddenly the group fell apart. Now years later they are all going their separate ways as college approaches, but on Halloween night someone is torturing and killing every member of the babysitter club... Three teenage girls come of age while working at a pizza parlor in Mystic Connecticut. Powerful psychological thriller based on the true story of a serial murderer, who for his crimes, was sentenced to the electric chair and survived. The murderer justified his crimes stating he was chosen by God to fulfill the desire for liberation and death of his victims. A man believe to have murdered a woman, escapes from the insane asylum to find if he was the one to actually kill her using the scarf she was wearing. In an alternate timeline where the atomic bombs go off in 1962, young Grace enters a whole new sheltered existence. 10 years later, the nuclear bunker she calls home is crumbling around her. An illegal immigrant and a carrier who is on the run in a world alien from her. An exposure to the parallel world that exists in developed countries. A week in the life of a human being trafficked. An Irish family has a reunion near St Patrick's Day, and all of the expected drama ensues. An outlaw band flees a posse and rides into Refuge, a small town where no one carries a gun, drinks, or swears. The town is actually Purgatory, and the peaceful inhabitants are all famous dead outlaws and criminals such as Doc Holiday and Wild Bill Hickok who must redeem themselves before gaining admittance to Heaven...or screw up and go to Hell. Following the outbreak of a virus that wipes out the majority of the human population, a young woman documents her family's new life in quarantine and tries to protect her infected sister. A building in Israeli Hebron, which has been deserted by its Palestinian occupants, is called 'The Mute's House' by the Israeli soldiers stationed there and by the tour guides who pass by daily. The building's only occupants are a deaf woman, Sahar, and her 8-year-old son, Yousef. The family's unique story, in the midst of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, unfolds through the eyes of the young and charismatic Yousef, as he goes through his daily routine on both sides of the torn city. Lockhart: Unleashing the Talisman When his girlfriend goes missing, David must track down her whereabouts after he realizes she's not who she was pretending to be. Eros and Thanatos. One deep breath: this is what Mael might need to cope with his partner Adam's suicide, a tragic event that, apart from great sorrow, has caused him to have a physical breakdown. He is troubled by his doubts about his lover's last drastic act, by how he put an end to his life and to their difficult relationship. But his grief turns into anger when he discovers that Adam had a secret long-term relationship with a woman called Patricia: he digs deep into his own memories, recollecting past events and eventually meeting his rival. On her part, Patricia will have to face unexpected dangers. A claustrophobic melodrama, with an unstructured and evocative narrative style. Here, South African director Antony Hickling, 34, confirms his visionary talent and ability to adopt a fresh point of view on queer cinema. All the performers are strictly gay and transgender, including Manuel Blanc, who was once Andre Techine's muse. Researchers working on a vaccine for Bird Flu suspect they are being used by health profiteers to weaponize the virus. As team members die, they are caught between destroying a potential lifesaving vaccine and potentially creating a viral weapon that could kill millions. A modern day sci-fi about Palmer Marshall, a struggling engineering student that's flailing through his personal life, classes, and career. Palmer is on the cusp of a potentially huge discovery and he devotes every waking moment to the challenging, and often fruitless, pursuit of creating something that might change the world. But Palmer soon learns that the road to success is long and fraught with failure. Despite crippling anxiety and personality disorders, Palmer perseveres and creates the one - the dream machine that he'll be remembered for. A young nurse downloads an app that tells her she only has three days to live. With time ticking away and a mysterious figure haunting her, she must find a way to save her life before time runs out. A young, reserved war veteran moves to North East Philadelphia to start an inner city community outreach and puts his life on the line to stand against an abortion clinic that moved across the street from his building. Is all scientific research for the good of mankind? An amazing June night. A peaceful mansion surrounded by forest, where a happy family prepare for a dinner. Human guinea pigs, modified to become a real weapon escape an illegal clinic appear in the same forest. A family who has bonded instinctively together in order to protect each other from harm, or genetically altered, callous humans. Who will survive the onslaught? An unassuming young lawyer leads a fight against the Nazis near the end of the Second World War. A young medical student finds himself entrenched in a web of intrigue when he's sent to care for the former US Ambassador to Syria. Christopher Cousins, Vivica A. Fox and Missi Pyle co-star in Loomis' thrilling drama. Sebastien is a psychological horror story about dark secrets destroying people and their families from the inside out. Keen young Raymold Avila joins the Internal Affairs Department of the Los Angeles police. He and partner Amy Wallace are soon looking closely at the activities of cop Dennis Peck whose financial holdings start to suggest something shady. Indeed Peck is involved in any number of dubious or downright criminal activities. He is also devious, a womaniser, and a clever manipulator, and he starts to turn his attention on Avila. On a night of teenage partying in the woods, Paige unwittingly sets in motion a chain of events that plunge her into a waking nightmare. Tormented by terrifying and increasingly violent supernatural visitations, Paige starts digging into the past and uncovers a sinister secret, buried for decades. Behind the force that now haunts her is a malevolent entity of unspeakable evil. As its power grows and her friends fall prey to its savagery, can she (or anyone) stop The Poltergeist of Borley Forest? The world is deprived of sleep. In Sona Spa you can buy sleep for yourself. Here, women (Sleep Workers) sleep for you, not with you. The Big One is an investigative documentary from director Michael Moore who goes around the country asking why big American corporations produce their product abroad where labor is cheaper while so many Americans are unemployed, losing their jobs, and would happily be hired by such companies as Nike. A young man discovers that he must offset a debt owed by his late father. He goes through a myriad of trials and tribulations that stand to make or break him. A tale of double cross and revenge, centered upon the members of an elite U.S. Special Forces unit sent into the Bolivian jungle on a search and destroy mission. The team-Clay, Jensen, Roque, Pooch and Cougar -find themselves the target of a lethal betrayal instigated from inside by a powerful enemy known only as Max. Presumed dead, the group makes plans to even the score when they're joined by the mysterious Aisha, a beautiful operative with her own agenda. Working together, they must remain deep undercover while tracking the heavily-guarded Max, a ruthless man bent on embroiling the world in a new high-tech global war. A young woman seeks revenge on those who wronged her. In the era of large scale corruption, where everyone seated on a chair that holds power is neck deep in corruption, exist unlikely heroes A woman becomes enraged after being passed over for a promotion at her job. Alister Kunkle believes death is in love with him. A simple smile from friend or stranger is all it takes to encourage death to kill. Maria, a 45-year-old alcoholic woman who lives in Spain, has lost custody of her daughters. That's the reason why she has traveled to Argentina, the country in which her daughters are living with her   ex-husband, whom she divorced after a tempestuous marriage.  A serial killer abducts a teenaged couple, takes them to his private torture chamber &amp; strips, tortures, rapes them. The girl escapes. When she tells her horror story to detectives, she is sabotaged by her mother who tells them not to believe her daughter's tall tale, "She's a habitual liar." It's the last day before Spring break, college student Robby Turnwell is in for the week of his life. Once he gets an unexpected call from his older brother Jake to house sit, the life he once knew gets turned upside down in this hilarious comedy. From an out of control party to encounters with gangsters, police, and more, Robby reinvents the rule book on college mischief. After a high school track runner, named Laura, suddenly dies from a heart attack after finishing a 30-second 200-meter race, a killer wearing a sweat suit and a fencing mask begins killing off her friends on the school track team one by one. The suspects include the track coach Michaels, Laura's sister Anne who arrives in town for the funeral, the creepy school principal Mr. Guglione, and Laura's strange boyfriend Kevin. Canaan, a mysterious gunfighter left nearly blind from Civil War combat, roams through Mexico with a baby he has sworn to protect. On his way to a town where a family will supposedly adopt the baby, Canaan passes through a border town where U.S. Cavalry officers assigned to deliver a shipment of silver are under attack from bandits. With some reluctance, Canaan steps in to help the soldiers. A mafia don sends his son out of the country because he doesn't want even a shadow of his life falling on him. Destiny wills otherwise. The son makes an innocuous trip to Mumbai to visit his dad. And ends up filling his father's large shoes. A reclusive movie star hires a private detective after he's anonymously blackmailed. Things turn violent when an aspiring writer is fingered for the crime in a dangerous case of mistaken identity. With the world under attack by deadly creatures who hunt by sound, a teen and her family seek refuge outside the city and encounter a mysterious cult. Lindsay and Spencer are a typical young couple, but their lives are changed forever after a violent home invasion. Now Lindsay finds herself a prisoner in her own home as her husband tortures the men responsible. A young nurse is kidnapped by a group of violent teens who escape from a mental hospital and take her on the road trip from hell. Pursued by an equally deranged lawman out for revenge, one of the teens is destined for tragedy and horrors that will destroy his mind, moulding him into a monster named Leatherface. The pit has spoken. Dawai, the potter of a backwoods community, has crafted a face on a ceramic jug of the person that the pit wants sacrificed. Ada, pregnant with her brother's child, has seen her face on the jug and hides it in the woods, determined to save the life of her unborn. If she does not sacrifice herself however, the creature from the pit will kill everyone in the village until she does. Goldberg is short and thin. He wears glasses. He's lonely. He's a mediocre computer programmer that lives in Tel Aviv and spends most of his energy searching online for a girlfriend. His only friend is Audrey, his beloved female dog. Eisenberg is a thug. Tall, fat, approaching middle age and not completely sane. He spends his days slouching around Meir Park, harassing innocent bystanders and doing business with petty thieves and small-time criminals. Unfortunately the two cross paths, and Eisenberg decides that they should start hanging out. But something in his demeanor says that he wants to be much more than just friends...This is a story about random meetings with strangers that lead to anxiety and paranoia. About lonely people in the big city. About losing control. Ben (Webb) and Linda Williams move the family into a dream home in a last ditch effort to save their troubled marriage. Despite their good intentions, they cannot shake the feeling that they are being watched by something. Their unimaginable fears are realized when things inside the house take a supernatural and sinister turn. Ben and his family flee for their lives, but it is too late. The house isn't finished with them, trapping the family in its labyrinth. The Williams must come together as never before to fight for their family, their lives and to escape. Two inseparable friends with a passion for extreme adventure organize an expedition to Mount Etna to debunk the legend of a rare animal who lives in the snowy peaks of the largest active volcano. Once up there, something mysterious happens that will change forever their fate. Young scientist trying to avoid military service in the chemical troops, selects alternative service educator in the Moscow orphanage, which is located in an ancient manor house. By coincidence, a few of his predecessors in this office, died in a strange way. Soon the young man realizes that he got to this place by chance and if he does not break out of the trap into which he was lured circumstances, it will be the next link in the chain constructed by someone. On the night of 16 July 1942, ten year old Sarah and her parents are being arrested and transported to the Velodrome d'Hiver in Paris where thousands of other jews are being sent to get deported. Sarah however managed to lock her little brother in a closet just before the police entered their apartment. Sixty years later, Julia Jarmond, an American journalist in Paris, gets the assignment to write an article about this raid, a black page in the history of France. She starts digging archives and through Sarah's file discovers a well kept secret about her own in-laws. A beautiful schizophrenic woman is pushed over the edge by her husbands elicit affairs and when her hallucinations become reality the Devil comes to take his due. Is Miriam insane or has the Devil come to collect on her promise? In 2008, a deer hunter was taken by something in the Alabama woods. Only his rifle, blood and a 16" footprint were left behind... Five years later, his son seeks revenge. A story about two best friends who are madly in love with the same person. How far will a person go for love? Would you kill for love? Lose Your Head is a psycho thriller about a Spanish party tourist who gets lost in Berlin. The film is inspired by the true story of a young Portuguese man who disappeared some years ago after a night at Berghain. The most solid and substantial role that architecture has always played is that of the construction of the places where people interact with one other, with nature, with other creatures and with inanimate objects. And where space, time and movement are not absolute concepts... In the not too distant future, two young women who live in a remote ancient forest discover the world around them is on the brink of an apocalypse. Informed only by rumor, they fight intruders, disease, loneliness &amp; starvation. The war has ended. Villages of Bosnian Croats have been destroyed, and they are living in the homes of the Croatian Serbs. An old man, a Bosnian Croat, disappears. A policeman Filip, himself living in a Serbian home, investigates the case uninterestedly. Through the relationship with his father, Filip tries to understand the motives of the missing old man. As the film moves towards the end, Filip's investigation becomes more and more personal. Laila, a girl on the run from her family is hiding out in West Yorkshire with her drifter boyfriend Aaron. When her brother arrives in town with a gang of thugs in tow, she is forced to flee for her life and faces her darkest night. A mad scientist turns himself into a half-man, half-bird monster to avenge the death of his ancestor. It tells the true story of Victorian detective Colin McLaren who posed as a shady art dealer and infiltrated the Australian branch of the Calabrian Mafia. Victor Terx is a young, attractive, and mysterious man, preacher and leader of a spiritualist sect. He compulsively murders his occasional partners with cruelty. Ambar Atlas is a young stripper at a brothelly nightclub, her beauty is unconventional and her sexuality exultant and perturbing. Christlike, she uses sex as a vehicule to her own destruction due to her inevitable death drive. Ambar and Victor will fall in love viscerally and passionately while they become aware of the proximity of an ineluctable danger that preys on them both. Together they will tortuously travel an esoteric underworld of mediums, witches and false shamans in the search for Ambar's miraculous "cure". A young lawyer defends a black man accused of murdering two men who raped his 10-year-old daughter, sparking a rebirth of the KKK. Convinced that his longtime girlfriend is cheating on him, heartbroken Joey recruits his cousin Steven to shoot a video that will prove her guilt. Before the video is completed, however, Joey and Steven uncover something so sinister is shakes them to the very core. Jacob Hunt has had some very bad breaks in life. His wife left him, his friends have all abandoned him, and his children barely see him! Jacob has been given an amazing gift and the chance he needs to get back on his feet and start anew. Jacob has landed the job of overnight security officer at the old ShadowView Manor. It has now been turned into a commercial office and retail building. Jacob is about to learn nights around the old Manor contains many secrets. A dark past that is breaking through the boundaries of time, leaking into this dimension. As luck would have it, Jacob's first night on the job is the anniversary of a dark tragedy that has stained the building. The conclusion to The Prophecy Trilogy. Once again, Christopher Walken returns as the Arch-Angel Gabriel. As the War in Heaven and on Earth rages on, Pyriel, the Angel of Genocide, rises to power, intending to destroy all of mankind. The only one who stands in his way is Danyael, who was born of an Angel and a woman. RANDOLPH BRIGGS is an ex-cop living in Port of Spain, Trinidad. After being drummed out of the force for unjust reasons he now works as a taxi driver on the grave yard shift.  He's a loner who cruises the streets at night in a city plagued with crime and violence. A serial killer posing as a taxi driver also prowls the city at night stalking young female victims.  Stripped of his official authority but burdened with a need to protect the innocent, Randolph Briggs eventually makes the ultimate decision to follow his instincts and Escape From Babylon. Mickey and Pluto go fishing. Pluto has a run-in with a clam, who eventually lodges in Pluto's mouth; Mickey thinks the clam is Pluto's tongue and can't understand why Pluto keeps begging for more food. After they get rid of the clam, Mickey's attempts to use his minnows as bait are thwarted by a hungry seagull; he brings his friends, and they chase our heroes away. Thriller - Jimmy Stone is a hard working cowboy living in the small town of Darlington, along with his wife Lindsey Stone. When a mysterious stranger begins stalking him and his wife and a cross appears on Jimmy's farm, things take a turn for the worst.  -  Peter Frangella, Jeff Joslin, Davide Le'Thange A political thriller during the Wounded Knee insurrection in 1973. Two activist are arrested and maintain in custody in a sheriff's office. They will meet a Nixon advisor, a lawyer, a senator and a movie star who is also an activist. Feb 2013 will be the 40Th anniversary of the insurrection... Written by Anonymous A documentary on military PTSD, focusing on the experiences of two friends who are veterans of the war in Iraq. A vigilante serial killer is stalking, killing and burying those he has judged guilty and anyone in this corrupt beach town could be next. Based upon the play "The Crucible" by Arthur Miller (who wrote the screen adaptation), the Salem witch trials in 1692 plunge the Massachusetts Bay colony into chaos. The Cold Winter was shot from the end of 2009 to early 2010, and focuses on the struggle of artists near Beijing's famous Chaoyang District 798 Art Zone to protect their land and studios from demolition by developers. During the exceptionally cold winter of the title, the artists formed the "Warm Winter Plan" movement as a means of defending their rights and raising public awareness, being subjected to threats and brutal violence in the process. Directed by Gabriele Salvatores, Amnesia takes place in the Spanish island of Ibiza, where an odd mix of commercialism, ex-hippies, fisherman, and artists co-exist. Town locals Sandro (Diego Abatantunono), a pornographic film director, and Angelino (Sergio Rubini), the manager of a beachside watering hole, find their very different lives overlapping. Meanwhile, the island police chief (Juanjo Puigcorbe), who is currently at odds with his rebellious son Jorge (Ruben Ochandiano), is investigating the death of a drug dealer (which was accidentally brought on by Angelino). Jorge's plans to move to America have so far been thwarted by his father, but when he finds out about the affair his dad had been having with a male nightclub dancer, he uses it as blackmail fodder. Neil Parker is a passionate wildlife photographer who pays more attention to his wildlife than his human life. as a result his relationships with the real world suffer. When his girlfriend walks out on him he resigns himself to isolation and nature. But a chance occurrence changes all that. Changes that he can't seem to handle, changes that seem to take his humanity away... changes that seem unable to change back? The story follow his journey into a darkness that has to be seen to be believed. A monster that seems to be rising out of the depths of desolation and agony... soulless, depraved and out of control. Being a police officer in this big-bad city called Mumbai can be quite some task. Mumbai, contrary to the other parts of the country, works on its own unique little philosophy... Stunning espionage documentary on the US conspiracy that led to the 1964 Brazilian coup d'etat. John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson original White House tapes, and CIA Top Secret documents reveal how the US government planned to overthrow Brazilian elected president Joao Goulart. Documentary of war atrocities with newsreel footage of concentration camps. Trapped in their New York brownstone's panic room, a hidden chamber built as a sanctuary in the event of break-ins, newly divorced Meg Altman and her young daughter Sarah play a deadly game of cat-and-mouse with three intruders - Burnham, Raoul and Junior - during a brutal home invasion. But the room itself is the focal point because what the intruders really want is inside it. A film crew putting together a documentary on an abandoned insane asylum finally get permission to enter the building. Once they get there, they find themselves trapped, plagued by visions of the patients who were once treated there by a religious zealot with archaic methods of therapy. Three buddies Bhaskar, Chaitanya and Durga along with a stranger, venture into a forest and stay in a haunted guest house. They carry two cameras through which they start recording interesting and mysterious happenings. As the mystery unfolds, the friends go missing one after the other. After six months of their disappearance, police investigate the case and recover three memory cards from their cameras which reveal a shocking truth. Set in the nuclear war-torn world of 2040, a congested city is shrouded in a deadly smog, where breathable air is obtainable only through labyrinth shafts that transport the precious gas from high in the atmosphere. These passages are kept functioning by an elite 'Air Force'. The team risk annihilation to expose a deadly blackmail scheme. I'm Still Here is a portrayal of a tumultuous year in the life of actor Joaquin Phoenix. With remarkable access, the film follows the Oscar-nominee as he announces his retirement from a successful film career in the fall of 2008 and sets off to reinvent himself as a hip-hop musician. The film is a portrait of an artist at a crossroads and explores notions of courage and creative reinvention, as well as the ramifications of a life spent in the public eye. Mater, the rusty but trusty tow truck from Cars, spends a day in Radiator Springs playing scary pranks on his fellow townsfolk. That night at Flo's V8 Cafe, the Sheriff tells the story of the legend of the Ghostlight, and as everyone races home Mater is left alone primed for a good old-fashioned scare. Scott Rantzen (Brady Simenson) is a horror movie loving misfit who is teased by the popular students in school. When a date with the very popular and very beautiful Erica Carpenter (Stephanie Leigh Rose) backfires, he feels as though his life is ruined. Ten years later, the gang reunite for their class reunion. Little do they know that someone is waiting for them and ready to see that they pay for what they did. Is Scott back for revenge and will the old gang survive to tell the tale? It'll be more gore for Class of 04. Exposing the dark underbelly of modern animal agriculture through drones, hidden & handheld cameras, the feature-length film explores the morality and validity of our dominion over the animal kingdom. Oru Visheshapetta BiriyaniKissa tells the story of Tara, a blessed cook in a southern village, and the funny series of events related to a suspended biriyani offering that the villagers attempt to restart. A young woman returns an elderly widow's lost purse, leading to an unlikely relationship between the two -- until the young woman discovers her elder might not be all that she seems. Banking Hours 10 to 4 is a suspense thriller happening in a bank as a person gets killed inside the bank premises and the suspense is revealed within the banking hours of 10 to 4. A new, technologically-superior Soviet sub, the Red October, is heading for the U.S. coast under the command of Captain Marko Ramius. The American government thinks Ramius is planning to attack. A lone CIA analyst has a different idea: he thinks Ramius is planning to defect, but he has only a few hours to find him and prove it -- because the entire Russian naval and air commands are trying to find him, too. Shortly after a chemical weapon explosion in the Nevada desert, two scientists find themselves confronting a sinister cover up, and a band of hostile survivors who are looking to escape the quarantined area known as Territory 8. In the autumn of 1900, outlaw Claude Barbee puts his 'retirement plan' in action, attempting to lead his train-robbing gang across Texas to recover a cash stash hidden after a botched railroad heist. After being hypnotized by his sister in law, Tom Witzky begins seeing haunting visions of a girl's ghost and a mystery begins to unfold around her. A filmmaker's life isn't an easy one. Write a screenplay, develop a project, wrap it all in a shiny package, pitch it to producers... And in the meantime try to survive and not forget how to actually shoot a film. With great humour, Dossier of the Dossier portrays the struggle of a young arthouse filmmaker and his producer and is a kind of a continuation of filmmaker-sound technician Sorayos Prapapan's previous festival hit Death of the Sound Man (2017). Jacob Kaplan lives an ordinary life in Uruguay. Like many of his other Jewish friends, Jacob fled Europe for South America because of World War II. But now turning 76, he is grumpy and in need of adventure.  An unexpected opportunity to achieve greatness comes in the form of a quiet, elderly German, who Mr Kaplan believes to be a runaway Nazi. Determined to capture this Nazi, as Eichmann was captured before him, Mr Kaplan surprises everyone when he takes up this challenge. Ten classmates have disappeared on the evening of 3rd March 2011. The boys were in the family home of one of them, Fabio, for a party. But the next morning, none of them was still there. Gone, vanished into thin air. A few months later their parents receive an anonymous DVD, which contains the shooting of what happened the night of the party. They are not just shootings, but something similar to a real movie about that night. Edited, set to music, post-produced. But who shot that video? And why? The truth seems not to be hidden in the content of that video only. A mystery film directed by Leslie Howard Gordon. Bhai is a 1997 Bollywood Action film directed by Deepak Shivdasani, while written by Kader Khan. The film starred Sunil Shetty, Pooja Batra, Sonali Bendre and Ashish Vidyarthi in lead roles. A remake of the Telugu movie Anna starring Rajasekhar, Roja Selvamani and Gautami Tadimalla, it was a huge success at the box office, and was one of the highest-grossing films of the year 1997. In a woods filled with magic and fairy tale characters, a baker and his wife set out to end the curse put on them by their neighbor, a spiteful witch. Crime and suspense After years of toiling away inside the engine room of a towering locomotive, two antiquated robots will risk everything for freedom and for each other. In a remote part of rural, post-apocalyptic England, now occupied by unseen alien invaders, a feisty teenage girl sets out on a desperate attempt to fight back a group of bandits and defend her parents' farm, their remaining livestock, and the solar panels that keep them safe from extraterrestrials. If she doesn't succeed, she will lose her only source of food and shelter; if she resists, she and her helpless blind sibling will be killed.   Roper, a hostage negotiator catches a murderous bank robber after a blown heist. The bank robber escapes and immediately goes after the man who put him behind bars. A man takes over a TV station and holds a number of hostages as a political platform to awaken humanity, instead of money. Evangeline (Kat de Lieva) has left her sheltered upbringing to reinvent herself in college. As she begins to break out of her shell, she attracts the attention of a sociopathic fraternity leader (Richard Harmon) and his two cohorts.  "Beaten and left for dead, Evangeline finds herself trapped in a supernatural nightmare, where she is caught between salvation and vengeance. But to save herself, Evangeline discovers she must make the most horrifying choice of all... A Beverly Hills home-security guard is seduced by a rock star's wife he monitors by video. Years after the institutionalizing and abandoning of their mentally unstable daughter, the Kilpatrick family becomes victim to mental instabilities of their own as their past comes back to haunt them. A small time thief from Belfast, Gerry Conlon, is falsely implicated in the IRA bombing of a pub that kills several people while he is in London. He and his four friends are coerced by British police into confessing their guilt. Gerry's father and other relatives in London are also implicated in the crime. He spends fifteen years in prison with his father trying to prove his innocence. Ryan, a well-intentioned, young police officer with a troubled past, is just out of training when a Senior Officer singles him out as a perfect candidate for an undercover sting. Ryan is transformed into Max, a young criminal with a force-ten temper who infiltrates a notorious gang of bank robbers, headed by the enigmatic and elusive master-thief known only as "The Monopoly Man".  Struggling with his identity, Ryan is drawn closer to the gang and finds himself crossing the line to the point of no return as he takes part in their biggest heist yet. When the gang are caught and locked together in a cell, with rumours of a "snitch" in their midst, Ryan must maintain his criminal persona just to stay alive. Uri, a 50 year old family man, has a romantic secret relationship with Oded, a young man from their small town in the south of Israel. During a trip in the desert, the two are forced to deal with the tragic consequences of their type of relationship. A voyeur peeps through a pinhole into a snowbound farmhouse where a masked knife-wielding psychopath dishes out bloody revenge at a twisted family reunion between a young woman and the despicable men who could be her "deadbeat dad." Two goofy Australian musicians take to the American Blues Trail to confront the mysterious legend of the crossroads. A search for the true soul of the Blues begins, as two friends discover they are facing a crossroads in their own lives. When Dawn, an overworked single mother, agrees to take her teenage daughter, Kayla, to a luxurious but isolated spa retreat, the women believe they have escaped to a paradise of spa treatments, yoga, and nature hikes until a series of disturbing incidents has Kayla questioning the perfection around her. A construction worker destroys Bugs' home with a steam shovel and refuses to repair the damage. In November 2009, French security van driver Toni Musulin makes off with nearly 12 million euros, then turns himself over to the authorities a week later. Eve, a slightly nerdy Science student, is abducted by Frederick, a crazy-seeming drifter who claims an alien invasion is imminent. He sees Eve as the only one who can stop the impending Apocalypse. Held captive in an abandoned mansion, she undergoes strange and frightening "special training" methods while making various escape attempts. As time passes and clues appear that point towards Fred's claims possibly being true, Eve's whole concept of reality is torn apart. Follows five people intertwined in the legal and law enforcement world of LA as the story of a beaten woman, her missing tooth and their motives are revealed. John Matrix, the former leader of a special commando strike force that always got the toughest jobs done, is forced back into action when his young daughter is kidnapped. To find her, Matrix has to fight his way through an array of punks, killers, one of his former commandos, and a fully equipped private army. With the help of a feisty stewardess and an old friend, Matrix has only a few hours to overcome his greatest challenge: finding his daughter before she's killed. Elsa, Anna, Kristoff and Olaf are going far in the forest to know the truth about an ancient mystery of their kingdom. A social gathering is rocked to its core when Jack accuses his best friend's wife of infidelity. But as the allegations start flying, it soon emerges that a far more sinister game may be at play...  A journalist digs deep into the world of aviation and discovers some uncomfortable truths. And a conspiracy trail dating back to 1954. But why is no one saying anything? Three assassins deal with life, love, addiction and trust as each tries to find the answers to a better life. Together, they prove to be the most trustworthy in this tangled web of murder, greed, friendship and betrayal. Three friends discover a mysterious machine that takes pictures 24 hours into the future and conspire to use it for personal gain, until disturbing and dangerous images begin to develop. Returning from his father's funeral, Robert Foster is faced with the unimaginable; he hits a young girl with his car. In a desperate attempt to save her life, he seeks help at a nearby farmhouse. A teenager wakes up near a cliff, injured and unable to remember how he got there. He is chained to a man in a suit and there is a gun gaffer-taped to each of their hands. An unknown person soon sends them shocking instructions of what they must do next, as the horror of the situation unfolds with nail-biting consequences. Six members of a media company go on a weekend business retreat at an isolated lodge in the woods. When one of the members goes missing, they discover that the lodge was formerly a private mental institution that had been shut down after allegations of devious misconduct. One by one, they fall victim to the dark secrets buried at the lodge. Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose: The Forgotten Hero (also known as Bose: The Forgotten Hero) is a 2005 film directed by Shyam Benegal and starring Sachin Khedekar, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Rajit Kapur, Arif Zakaria, and Divya Dutta. The movie depicts the last five years of the life of the Indian independence leader "Netaji" Subhash Chandra Bose. It starts out at the point where Bose resigns from his position as the president of the Indian National Congress (I.N.C.) to the meeting with Italians by crossing Afghanistan's rugged terrains and entering into Europe, to romancing his German secretary and appointment with Adolf Hitler in Berlin, to his inspiring of the Indian P.O.W.s (Prisoners Of War) of the 'Punjab Regiment' (British Army) for fighting against the British forces in India, to the patriotic speeches. A district attorney who, tapped to replace the outgoing mayor, is stalked by a man who engineers her fall from grace, leading her to push back and beat him at his own game. Reincarnation goes horribly wrong releasing dark forces across time. Basia accesses parts of her mind that should never be tampered with. Past lives merge with present as her reality becomes distorted, she fights for her very existence. Some 220 miles above Earth lies the International Space Station, a one-of-a-kind outer space laboratory that 16 nations came together to build. Get a behind-the-scenes look at the making of this extraordinary structure in this spectacular IMAX film. Viewers will blast off from Florida's Kennedy Space Center and the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Russia for this incredible journey -- IMAX's first-ever space film. Tom Cruise narrates. A tired young man sits on the train for a long journey from Oslo to Lillehammer. His fellow passengers are very friendly and will gladly help him to sleep. The young man however wants as little attention as possible. Captain William Stanaforth is on a one-way solo mission to take the first steps in colonising Mars. Like all pioneers throughout history, Stanaforth will face insurmountable odds and life and death decisions as he rockets bravely through space. 'THE UPPER FOOTAGE' is the first film experience of its kind. The film is an edited version of 393 minutes of recovered footage documenting a young girl's tragic overdose death and subsequent cover up by a group of affluent socialites. What started as a blackmail plot played out over YouTube, became Hollywood's biggest drug scandal, turned into a heavily controversial film property that was rumored to be held by some of the biggest names in Hollywood. Now, after playing itself out in the media for 3 years it is finally making its way to the public. Vishwanathan, a Kathak dance teacher in New York, is in a rather happy marriage with Nirupama who is a nuclear oncologist. Nirupama is from a middle class family in Chennai, she marries Vishwanath (a dance master) to pursue her higher studies in the USA. But when Nirupama wants to break up with her husband, she engages a private detective. That's when the pandora's box opens up. David Coleman spends his whole life looking to fit in. He is constantly bullied and screwed over by his so called friends. He finally has the family he had always wanted when his foster mom dies of Cancer. Now his life is nothing but hell. Thinking his bi-polar medication isn't helping him at all he quits taking them against the orders of his psychiatrist. When he accidentally kills one of his bullies he feels a bit of satisfaction that leads to a meticulous serial killer in the making. This is a story about life and death and a girl named Victoria. A man awakes ready to be tortured The journey of a woman scientist who, at the end of times, discovers that true Faith can bring Miracles. An assassin teams up with a woman to help her find her father and uncover the mysteries of her ancestry. This is the untold story behind History, a well-kept secret behind the world-wide icon: Nelson Mandela's release was a Plot for Peace. For the first time, heads of state, generals, diplomats, master spies and anti-apartheid fighters reveal how Africa's front line states helped end apartheid. Their improbable key to Mandela's prison cell was a mysterious French businessman, dubbed "Monsieur Jacques" in classified correspondence. His trade secret was trust Carter, an art conservator, arrives in Italy to restore a fresco in an old church. He discovers that the strange locals are hiding something and a mystery relating to a nearby lake that legend says was created by a meteor. Hazel suffers from a crippling case of agoraphobia. So much so that it causes a rift between her and her mother, Dee. Hazel and her mother decide to go on a road trip to a desert facility to help Hazel deal with her fear but when gunmen and brothers Jesse and Pru attack them, Hazel has to battle her fears so she and her mother can survive. Chapter 1. Wacken Open Air - 8/2001  Angel In Black  Battalions Of Hate  Nuclear Fire  Chainbreaker  Eye Of An Eagle  Fight The Fire  Running In The Dust  Silver And Gold  Final Embrace  Angel In Black (Rep)  Chapter 2. Black Sun Tour - 10/2001  Chainbreaker  Black Sun  Church Of Blood  Mindcontrol  Under Your Spell  Fear  Tears Of Rage  Armageddon  Living For Metal  Medley  One With The World  Satisfied  Born To Rock  Metal Gods Mere seconds before the Earth is to be demolished by an alien construction crew, Arthur Dent is swept off the planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a researcher penning a new edition of "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy." When his wife's murderer is released due to a procedural error, Luc will do everything in his power to stop it from happening... He is going to take justice into his own hands and will then compete with the constitutional state which let him down. A doctor takes in a mysterious man who washes ashore at her remote cottage with a gunshot wound. Quickly they both learn the killer has arrived to finish the job, while a storm has cut them off from the mainland. The story of a man who wakes up in bed suffering from memory loss after being in an accident, only to begin to suspect that his wife may not be his real wife and that a web of lies and deceit deepen inside the house where he soon finds himself a prisoner. White Creek is a place from another universe. A place where feudalism remains intact and people struggle to break free from debt. One family must escape the dangers of this decaying society, as the power in their valley changes hands. In the end they are left to decide how to move forward in this universe and the next. Rachel Singer is a former Mossad agent who tried to capture a notorious Nazi war criminal - the Surgeon of Birkenau - in a secret Israeli mission that ended with his death on the streets of East Berlin. Now, 30 years later, a man claiming to be the doctor has surfaced, and Rachel must return to Eastern Europe to uncover the truth. Overwhelmed by haunting memories of her younger self and her two fellow agents, the still-celebrated heroine must relive the trauma of those events and confront the debt she has incurred. A professional scammer is hired by a wealthy young businessman to find a hidden treasure looted from the Bank of Japan and supposedly stashed away by a group of men after WWII in various locations around the globe. Eventually an assassin is put on their trail. A down and out construction worker from New Jersey, Joe De Luca (Corey A. Thrush), timidly approaches Maria (Lorin Dineen) one night at a local pub based on pure attraction. Little did they know that a psychopathic twist on their fairytale story would turn one man's dreams of the perfect life into one woman's worse nightmares. It talks about a orphan who lives without a father and he loves boats. Louis Theroux: Under the Knife is a TV documentary written and presented by Louis Theroux about the people and doctors involved in plastic surgery operations. Filmed mostly in the USA, in the programme, Louis himself ends up getting liposuction. In the heart of an abandoned bunker, parapsychologists are mandated to investigate strange phenomena. In a frightening world they discover the unthinkable and awaken a dark force. An infernal hunt in darkness will begin  Young Jeremiah lives in a stable environment with loving foster parents until the day his troubled mother, Sarah, returns to claim him. Jeremiah becomes swept up in his mother's dangerous world of drugs, seedy hotels, strip joints and revolving lovers. Salvation comes in the form of the boy's ultrareligious grandparents, but soon Jeremiah's mother returns. Maternal love binds the pair together on the road until Sarah's desperate and depraved lifestyle finally consumes her. JAM (Christian Clavier), a French "master of the universe" is on the brink of a major takeover when he starts suffering from anxiety attacks. His doctor (Lhermite) thinks it is to do with childhood experiences and suggests he searches back in his mind to something that could be the trigger and will prove to be the antidote. Sara and Alex are getting through hard times: they lost the son they were expecting due to miscarriage and since that day their life changed. Just when she least expected it, Sara finds out to be pregnant but decides to wait the third month before telling Alex not wishing to give him false hopes. Alex, exhausted from work hardships, decides to organize a weekend in the woods among a group of friends. Sara agrees to take part in it, so to not disappoint him, while keeping the pregnancy yet unannounced. But between unsettling presences and EVP phenomena they will soon realize that that place is not as peaceful as thought to be: something "half way" between our world and the afterlife will make their weekend unforgettable. A gritty, international tale of four separate stories woven together by a common theme: the Rapture. Five young people wake up dead. Washed up by the tide they scramble to an abandoned beach house, soon realizing that the perpetual night and blasts of pain suggest this is some version of hell. Between in-fighting and attacks by a demonic shadow creature, they recall the collapse of the nightclub that brought them here - and begin seeing hope of a second chance in the cabin's two mysterious paintings... Gunslinger Jonah Hex (Josh Brolin) is appointed by President Ulysses Grant to track down terrorist Quentin Turnbull (John Malkovich), a former Confederate officer determined on unleashing hell on earth. Jonah not only secures freedom by accepting this task, he also gets revenge on the man who slayed his wife and child. Megan Fox plays a prostitute as well as Jonah Hex's love interst in the film. Following the mysterious death of a fellow hiker, four friends hauled up in a remote cabin begin to recall their strange encounters with a smiling man whilst out on the trails. A strangler known as the Kenbourne Killer has been murdering streetwalkers for 25 years. The police set out to track him down. A young physics student must find a way to reverse a deadly quantum time anomaly and solve the murder of her boyfriend while battling short-term memory loss and time slips caused by the event. A young woman becomes embroiled in a financial and political conspiracy while studying in Spain, as she meets a young musician with a somewhat dark past unfolded through the pages of his lover's diary. A boy must fight his way from an alternate reality, back to his own, to save his suicidal 5-year old brother; when 3 billion people are reported missing. The year is 1975, the place is Mahim, Bombay, and this is the story of Tikku, a eunuch, the only child of yesteryear Bollywood actress Nazneen Begum, who has fallen upon hard times, is virtually destitute and is dependent on Tikku, who does make-up/hair-dressing of Bollywood actresses. When she passes away, Tikku is beside himself with grief. After the funeral, he witnesses a woman leaving a child in a garbage bin. A resentful 14-year-old girl is drawn into a seemingly innocent friendship with an older man, but the relationship turns sinister. A group of film students burn paper effigy cameras for the wandering spirits during the ghost month in Singapore and receive a collection of horror movies in return. The movie, 'Shirshendur Diary', tells the story of a theatre director and filmmaker who goes missing one day. A controversial movie that takes a critical look at political violence in Bengal in the past decade. I Am Soldier follows Mickey Tomlinson (Tom Hughes), a military chef, who attempts the most dangerous military selection known to man: The Special Air Service (S.A.S.) selection. The S.A.S. Is the United Kingdom's most renowned Special Forces Regiment, tasked with life threatening missions in some of the most dangerous places on the planet. Mickey has more military experience than simply being a chef, something he doesn't let on to the other candidates... Mickey is smashed by this selection process - his mind, body and soul scream for mercy as he endures torturous speed-marches over the steepest mountains, running for his life during 'Escape and Evasion' and then facing the most evil interrogation possible, during the deadly phase known as: 'Tactical Questioning.' Even after everything, there is still only one way you can really prove yourself: in combat... Many try to get into the S.A.S. Only the elite make it. A man is released from prison to help American and Chinese authorities pursue a mysterious cyber criminal. The dangerous search leads them from Chicago to Hong Kong. Two first-year students at Oxford University join the infamous Riot Club, where reputations can be made or destroyed over the course of a single evening. A thriller centered on a couple who makes an old estate their new home and soon begin to see the spirits of dead children. Violent youth gangs and a police force way out of its depth. When a police operation goes awry and two policemen die, the powder keg threatens to ignite as the SWAT team knows only one goal: revenge - irrespective of the law. A newlywed couple finds their lake-country honeymoon descend into chaos after Paul finds his wife wandering and disoriented in the middle of the night. A mysterious man from Alaska, known to be from the dark side, becomes addicted to sucking crack blood. He single handedly ends up cleaning the streets of Hollywood of all crack users and drug dealers. Persephone is the story of three astronauts from Colony One - an enormous space vessel carrying over 20,000 colonists from a dying Earth to the nearest star system of Alpha Centauri in the late 22nd Century. The trio have been dispatched to repair a system designed to shield their new world of Proxima b - also known as Persephone - from the constant and deadly solar flares emitted by the red dwarf star it orbits every eleven days. Persephone is an arid, lifeless world nearly twice the size of Earth with double the gravity. The planet also is tidally-locked - with one side forever facing its parent star while the other remains in unending darkness. Its environment can barely support human life. Yet, after a disastrous attempt to colonize Mars failed decades earlier, Colony One, and its trailing sister ships, are now the only option for the survival of the species. An investigation into the truth behind the murder of Guatemalan Bishop, Juan Gerardi, who was killed in 1998 just days after trying to hold the country's military accountable for the atrocities committed during its civil war. Detectives are called to investigate a string of serial killings. Someone or something is killing people and driving locals into paranoid delusions with eyewitnesses saying it's a Sasquatch. The detectives discover that some legends are better left alone. As the world descends on London in 2012 for the Olympic Games, a very different kind of competition is taking place in the streets and alleyways surrounding the Olympic Park.  Described as a tale of local hoods 'stealing the hearts and souls of their own', it follows a group of local chancers who decide to, one way or another, cash in on the Olympic Games.  2K, a DJ from the area, returns from a kind of exile to reconcile with his father, only to find himself drawn into a world of criminality, deception and violence in the shadow of the Olympic development.  'You want to put her in a home; you tell her; tell her now!' hisses one brother to the other. But Mother won't go, and their own lives quickly unravel as she clings to life. Director Daisy Jacobs uses two-metre-high painted characters in full-size sets to tell the stark and darkly humorous tale of caring for an elderly relative. The Bigger Picture is quite simply the most innovative animated short you will see this year. Darren Mullet, a bullied asthmatic, is driven to suicide by his tormented life - ignored by his parents, ridiculed by his teachers and bullied at school. He returns from the dead to pay his teenage tormentors a final visit. Shades of Darkness is the story of a young woman named Bridget Avers, Anne C. Trebilcock, who returns to her home town of Autumn Hills to discover a threatening Entity, John Maczko attempting to wipe out the entire population. Following a ridiculously awful flight that leads to his pet's death, Nashawn Wade files a lawsuit against the airline, and wins a multimillion-dollar settlement. Determined to create a better flying experience, Nashawn starts his own airline, one that caters to an African-American clientele. Going into business with a tricked-out plane piloted by the smooth Capt. Mack, the airline hits a snag when it has to deal with the family of Elvis Hunkee. In 1960s New York, Walter Stackhouse is a successful architect married to the beautiful Clara who leads a seemingly perfect life. But his fascination with an unsolved murder leads him into a spiral of chaos as he is forced to play cat-and-mouse with a clever killer and an overambitious detective, while at the same time lusting after another woman. Four wealthy country club wives come to an empty mansion to bid on the diary of a deceased pool boy who they all had affairs with. Once there, a Goth spirit medium hired to scare them actually opens the door to the other realm and the ghost of the deceased refuses to let anyone leave until he finishes playing all his cards. After a loving wife murders a blackmailer to protect her husbands flourishing law career, she must watch as he prosecutes another for her crime. A fledgling actress is lured to a remote mansion for a screen-test, soon discovering she is actually a prisoner in the middle of a blackmail plot. Two inseparable sister's visit to a remote mine town turns into a mind-bending fight for survival against menaces both human and supernatural. A young couple moves into what appears to be the perfect home, but when they discover that they will soon become parents, things begin to fall apart. Rachel, the expectant mother, is haunted by a ghost in a red dress, while Kevin, the soon to be father, has frightening nightmares even while he's awake. The once happy couple is torn apart by horrific events, which all seem to be centered around the birth of their unborn child. Diana, the Rebellious, and Justin, the Mysterious, throw us into a road movie from France to Great Britain. A runaway ? A quest ? Nobody knows...Diana is living openly under the yoke of Justin that she had found back. Night and day, as a novelist, she writes. Severine is haunted by a reocurring dream that makes her doubt her relationship with her boyfriend. She decides to spent a couple of days alone at the seaside to think everthing over. But instead, she's got to face violent criminals and her own primal fears. A woman vanishes. Her husband inquires into the strange circumstances of her disappearance. Did she leave him? Is she dead? As he goes along searching, he plunges into a world of nightmare and violence... Life takes a terrifying and unpredictable turn for Tyler &amp; Chelsea when they begin to receive menacing phone calls from a seemingly unstable woman who insists that Tyler's her ex-boyfriend. The paths of a desperate man and an imprisoned young woman cross unexpectedly in the den of a mysterious killer. A researcher for the CIA who convinces his superiors to send him to the eastern bloc in order to avenge the murder of his wife by enemy agents discovers a web of deception underneath his wife's death. Kim Getty is an immigrant from 400 years in the future, sent back to modern day Brooklyn to live out an easier life. She's built a new identity in this time that nearly satisfies: she has a full time job, shares an apartment with a roommate, and is falling in love. But when she finds two other people from the future--a 15-year-old girl and Kim's own long-lost husband--Kim must fight to keep the life she once had from destroying the life she built here. A former war vet, a misanthrope, and an illegal immigrant seek salvation in a pair of inexperienced drug dealers staked out at a run-down desert motel. After engaging in an illicit affair with one of his pupils, teacher Parker Sithole spirals into an abyss of obsession that eventually turns to murder. A cinephile's passionate homage to classic film noir,  Of Good Report is a serial killer origins story about how a social misfit turns into an inadequate man hellbent on satisfying his shameful lust. It is Little Red Riding Hood, told from the wolf's perspective. Doctors are baffled when an expectant mother wakes to find her nearly-to-term pregnancy apparently disappear overnight. Police investigate the situation as a missing child, and only her husband and brother trust her version of events. Inhabitants from a distant planet crash into a lake by a quiet and picturesque mountain village near Los Angeles and cause havoc throughout. Amongst the characters who get entangled with the aliens are: 2 beautiful young couples, an oversexed Southern beauty, a nun, a soldier, a biologist, a handsome police officer, a savvy reporter and a cantankerous editor from a local newspaper. Vanitas is the new feature film by veteran Portuguese director Paulo Rocha. With a script by Regina Guimaraes, the film brings together actresses Isabel Ruth and Joana Barcia - no strangers to this director's world - in a story about a depressed fashion designer who falls in love with the daughter of one her tailors. A chilling tale of memories and premonitions in a world where time is not what it seems. Accused of the ritualistic murder of his best friend, a vice detective bent on finding the truth is plunged into Hell when he goes undercover and discovers that demons might be real. Melbourne 1949:  Private eye Jack Mitchum is a good man in a dirty town.  When the beautiful and wealthy Valerie Richmond requests Jack investigate her philandering husband, Jack instead becomes witness to his murder.  Identified at the scene, Jack has only days to prove his innocence before he takes the fall.  His investigation takes him deep into Melbourne's seedy underbelly.  A world of shady bars, wild women and rampant violence. Jack has to play rough &amp; dirty just to stay alive as he learns that in this world, Only The Young Die Good.  While trying to survive the worst drought in history, a family of farmers force their youngest brother down a path of destruction; betrayed and left for dead in an unfamiliar land, he must survive, endure and seek the revenge he deserves. A disgraced cop is hired by a wealthy former friend to rid his estranged daughter of a petty stalker. 15-year-old Kelly has a secret that she won't be able to keep for much longer. Enticed by wealth and frightened by evil, Jewish French attorney "Nathan Ganzer's" life changes when he is unexpectedly detained by the French Counter Terrorist Unit (CTU) and forced to endure an intense interrogation conducted by "Commissioner David". The agents accuse him of aiding suspected Arab terrorists and skillfully manipulate Ganzer  into believing he will be implicated in the next attack on the French soil. Bluffing his way free of the devastating indictments, Ganzer finally discovers his ability to take control of his life and exact revenge on those trying to destroy him. On Christmas Eve a group of ruthless masked terrorists kidnap the Prime Ministers daughter, fortifying themselves in an underground car park rigged with explosives. Crack SAS operative Chris Lowe and his team are sent in and must take the building one level at a time. "The Raid meets Die Hard" in this explosive action thriller. A couple living in Victorian London endure an unusual series of psychological and supernatural effects following the birth of their child. A story about a mostly normal young man who makes the most out of fitting in when he obviously doesn't. Bryce has been a crook since he was a kid in the projects. After a violent turn of events he's finally got a shot at the big time. Tony De Luca, one of the biggest crime bosses in the city, is looking to have Bryce get rid of a little problem: a man who can put him and many of his associates away for a long time. Bryce however has problems of his own when his latest dope shipment gets jacked and has to settle the matter, one bullet at a time In her search for her biological father, after a long journey eastbound, Suzanne discovers a shrouded and horrifying part of her own past, that turns her greatest dream into a dark nightmare. Two desparate lovers, Eve and Lara, are on the run from the Mob and flee the city. They eventually take refuge in what appears to be an abandoned rural home. They soon discover that they're not alone when they encounter Nick, the handsome and charming caretaker who offers them sanctuary. The situation quickly descends into a dangerous three-way dance of temptation and jealousy, until a terrifying secret is revealed that threatens to destroy Eve and Lara unless they can find a way to escape the hell that they have created for themselves. With the help of their high school's newest teacher, four Hispanic students form a robotics club. Although they have no experience, the youths set their sights on a national robotics contest. With $800 and parts scavenged from old cars, they build a robot and compete against reigning champion MIT. Along the way, the students learn not only how to build a robot but something far more important: how to forge bonds that will last a lifetime. A psychopathic killer chats up Tina, a school girl, on the Internet and invites her to his house with the intention of raping her and murdering her only to find the tables turned on him. When a motley group of college freshmen choose bizarre Tyler Rooney as the new target for their juvenile pranks, Tyler calls upon hoodoo-cursed Mister White to exact a violent and bloody revenge. An unexpected pregnancy takes a terrifying turn for newlyweds Zach and Samantha McCall. A young mother and her twin sons move into a rural house that's marked for death. In the rural farm town of Appleton, Wisconsin, a harsh winter has set in and a rogue figure named Mitchell has returned to the town he once terrorized. Maddy Ballister lost her father at the hands of Mitchell and now she's ready to find him and settle the score. An ambitious ghost hunter is hired by the building owner of a factory plagued with sightings. The researcher contracts a crew of inexperienced workers to research the building. The crew becomes possessed by the negative energy in the building that preys on the emotional and psychological weaknesses of each individual. Penny works at a supermarket and Phil is a gentle taxi-driver. Penny's love for Phil has run dry and they lead joyless lives with their two children, Rachel, a cleaner, and Rory, who is unemployed and aggressive. A desperate ex-con is forced to gather his old crew for one last job to pay off his sister's debt to a dangerous local criminal. Honest inspector Aditi Singh and hard-boiled cop Rudra investigate a multiple suicide case. They stumble upon a darker truth revolving around the corrupt politician Yadav and Shankar. The political nexus forces Rudra to become the angry-young-man and one-man-army all rolled into one. When Yeon-soo finds out his long awaited baby has fatal deformities, he asks his wife to get an abortion which results in pain and depression. A harmless game of "Truth or Dare" among friends turns deadly when someone--or something--begins to punish those who tell a lie--or refuse the dare. Andre Essen (Elya Baskin) says goodbye to his daughter, Natalia (Sasha Kolos), as she heads to America as a foreign exchange student. Natalia bonds with her surrogate family, Amanda (Callan... MARJORAM is a psychological suspense drama about a mother-daughter relationship in which love and abuse seem go hand in hand. Anna (11) is a smart and talented kid. Mary, her mother, actively supports Anna so that she can get the best out of her talents. However, suddenly Anna starts behaving in strange ways, putting herself in danger. When asked what is happening, Anna claims that she is just fine. Her weird behavior however continues, driving Mary to her limits. Why a child, who seems happy on the surface, is acting so unpredictably? Why a mother, who loves her child so much, is having no clue of what is going on? By 2017, the global economy has collapsed and American society has become a totalitarian police state, censoring all cultural activity. The government pacifies the populace by broadcasting a number of game shows in which convicted criminals fight for their lives, including the gladiator-style The Running Man, hosted by the ruthless Damon Killian, where "runners" attempt to evade "stalkers" and certain death for a chance to be pardoned and set free. A chemically dependent woman loses control of her life. Willing to do anything to get to her children in a far off city. She stows away on a private boat only to find herself face to face with a homicidal maniac. A prime-time network news magazine show premieres controversial leaked footage from a highly-classified U.S. government program named Nocturne Six that recruits citizens with extrasensory abilities. Forced into the program by unscrupulous means, these gifted, yet apprehensive citizens, known as "guardians", are sent to parallel planes of Earth in order to thwart imminent attacks by dangerous supernatural entities. A live investigation by the news show at the abandoned site of the Nocturne Six program quickly devolves and exposes the unearthly evils that the guardians faced in their treacherous missions. A guardian angel escorts a dead teenager to her eternal reward and launches a revenge attack on the rival teen who caused her death. Two young teenagers believe their worst issues are within their everyday lives and homes, until strange occurrences and mysterious deaths begin to terrorize the small neighborhood. Inspired by an ancient Chinese ghost story, the tale that goes beyond what viewers usually expect in the ghost movies and further to challenge the traditional story-telling pattern. A share auto-driver gets entangled in a plot where 3 criminals want him dead. Five university friends gather at a house party to ring in the New Year. Unbeknownst to them, an epidemic has erupted outside, causing outbreaks around the world. With nowhere else to turn, they barricade themselves indoors with only their phones, laptops, and other tech devices. They use their devices to research the possible cause of this outbreak. Information and video footage over flow their computers as they descend further into the cause and the ensuing chaos. As the virus spreads, the mood in the house changes from fear to paranoia. Who is safe? Who can they trust? Reality becomes blurred as they slowly discover the source of the virus causing the sickness...and there is no going back. After experiencing a disaster that has claimed the life of his fiancee on the Island of the Bride, Tiara (Tamara Blezynski) decided to calm down on the coast of Phuket, Thailand.  Opening a small bar with his best friend Lea (Laras Monca), Tiara took the time to explore Thai Boxing as a form of past revenge and trauma. Until one day his best friend in college, Alan (Darius Sinathrya) who still kept a sense of Tiara, came to visit and intended to take Tiara back to Indonesia. Alan came with his niece Maureen (Kimberly Ryder), Kenny (Stephan William) and Aida (Princess Una).  As a good host, Lea immediately arranged their vacation, by visiting the islands around Phuket. When the ship they were traveling on broke down and was forced to stop at a foreign island. Tiara realized, there was something strange on the island. Tiara felt that the past would continue to pursue her, wherever she went. This time, Tiara decided not to avoid. But he will face it. [1] A vengeful man intends to poison his former colleague's glass of wine at a fundraising event, but his plot is compromised when he realizes there has been a mix-up. The lives of vastly separate people collide in interweaving stories of liberty, identity, tolerance, responsibility and class. Sith's wife weaves him a red scarf before he embarks on a journey. He nearly perishes in a bus accident, but manages to return home. But his wife notice that something isn't quite right about Sith. Decay follows several students that discover that the maintenance crew of the Large Hadron Collider have been transformed into zombies after the particle accelerator malfunctions. The students must try to evade the zombies while running through CERN's maintenance tunnels. A shipwrecked sailor stumbles upon a mysterious island and is shocked to discover that a brilliant scientist and his lab assistant have found a way to combine human and animal DNA with horrific results. High school football coach, Harold Jones befriends Radio, a mentally-challenged man who becomes a student at T.L. Hanna High School in Anderson, South Carolina. Their friendship extends over several decades, where Radio transforms from a shy, tormented man into an inspiration to his community. Set in the near future, public service privatization and increased mass unemployment figures have spurred years of strikes, riots, and widespread disruption. In response, government restrictions on Internet and social media sites have been implemented. Anthony, who has interrupted his studies at university to look after his younger sister Sam after the disappearance of their parents, lands a job working in a records room and begins to discover the untold story behind his parents' disappearance. Bollywood film from director R.P. Patnaik. Silverhide is a horror/thriller film exploring government conspiracy and secrets too horrifying to imagine. Kelly, a young woman, has been plagued by nightmares of a burning man her entire life. Upon entering college, she pledges a sorority that forces them to perform an initiation night prank. With several of her friends, she breaks into a store and unfortunately discovers that it is impossible to exit from the building after it is entered illegally. Trapped in a new nightmare, Kelly must fight for survival. Obsessed with obscure modern tragedies, wealthy Mr. Yates hires five college drama students to recreate a murder-suicide that occurred on their campus 20 years ago. As the actors prepare for the show of their lives, unfortunate events follow them and by the end they realize one thing . . . Evil is Real! A man becomes entangled in a deadly morality game when the circus comes to town and a sadistic clown forces him to examine the things in life he takes for granted in the most horrific ways. A famous photographer, Jo Ellen Hathaway, has been being stalked for quite some time. She returns to the island she grew up on in an effort to get away from the stalker and get some well-needed relaxation time. On the island, she meets up with old friends and boyfriends and works on relationships with her family. However, she can't shake the feeling that she's still being watched. Ghost Bride tells the story of Jason Chen - a young chinese immigrant in New Zealand who keeps his love for Kiwi girl Skye secret from his disapproving mother Alice. Things quickly unravel as his mother introduces him to Madam Yin, a matchmaker who has a very special bride in mind for Jason - the mysterious and silent May Ling. Under the German occupation, in a small French town, the arrival of a new priest arouses the interest of all women... Barny, a young communist and atheist woman, can not however be more indifferent. Driven by curiosity, the young skeptic went to the church in order to challenge this. After the events in the previous film, Secret Service agent Mike Banning finds himself framed for an assassination attempt on the President. Pursued by his own agency and the FBI, Banning races to clear his name and uncover the real terrorist threat which has set its sights on Air Force One. Set in the stark, harsh industrial fringes of the City, a parolee's fraternal love for his sociopath sister is put to the test by a paternal Parole Officer, with emotionally shattering results. Evil wreaks pure havoc and bloody murder upon Leslie Van Hooten, a beautiful young girl, and her unsuspecting fellow grad students as they make their way to her family's extravagant and yet isolated estate. A retired assassins past catches up with him and his brutality surfaces as he goes on a final killing spree to make things right. Eldho is waiting to take revenge on Shauriyar, who killed his father and mother when he was a young boy. An American traveling in South America ends up living with a group of misfits at an abandoned hospital with a troubling past. The outrageous life of Reagan Collins, a model high school student with a "killer" after-school job that involves arranging "accidents" for his classmates' parents. When seasoned police detective Cliff Dawkins starts putting the pieces together, it's a battle of wits to see if Reagan can keep business booming. Andrew lures a woman to a motel room with homicidal intentions. He quickly discovers that she may be more dangerous than he could ever imagine. What follows is a deadly game of wits, and a soul bearing confession. He is one of the last survivors of the epidemic which has depopulated New Caledonia and transformed Human beings into violent infected creatures. While all the other survivors get organized to run away the country and find safety elsewhere, he goes back to the city with an object in order to try to change the situation.  When Delhi Police comes across an unusual case revolving around hacking they seek help of an expert who thinks like them only to come across a lazy hacker Mickey Arora. In this "lost slasher film from 1978," a masked killer wages an unrelenting spree of murder, cannibalism, and necrophilia. But when his tortured past comes back to haunt him, he plunges to even greater depths of madness and depravity, consuming the lives of a young woman and those she holds dear. A break-in and murder at a New York City museum sparks an investigation by Interpol Agent Nathan Nelson. When he finds an ancient artifact, Nelson takes it home to conduct more research. A lightning storm, a pet chameleon and the artifact gives his daughter, Maggie, mystical powers to shape-shift her appearance at will which includes the ability to mimic other people and animals. A college professor teaching a course called "The Psychology of Fear" brings his students (including a psychic) to his home, one dark and stormy night to tell scary stories. The first involves a young couple whose car breaks down by an old, abandoned house. The second has four trendy teenage girls getting lost in a bad part of town and chased by a pack of vicious dogs. Last, a woman on crutches confronting a stalker at the answering service where she works the night shift. An insane Swedish farmer escapes from an asylum to get revenge on his sister, her husband and others. Based on stories from "The Arabian Nights." A wicked sorcerer tricks Prince Achmed into riding a magical flying horse. The heroic prince is able to subdue the magical horse, which he uses to fly off to many adventures. While travelling, he falls in love with the beautiful Princess Peri Banu, and must defeat an army of demons to win her heart. The film is animated using the silhouette technique. Abandoned and filled with a mysterious past, Holy Angel School for Girls is about to reveal its secrets of betrayal, jealousy, and vengeance. Rumours of haunting, paired with the desire to forget the painful tragedy that took place years before, have kept the truth buried with the innocent victims. A man attempts to exit an underground car park. Something doesn't want him to. The Good Comrades are a collection of varied gentlemen who crave one thing - solitude. They reside at Drearcliff House, ancestral home of their eldest member. All seems serene and convivial until one by one the members begin to perish in the most grisly of manners. Foul play is suspected by the Good Comrades' insurance agent, who turns to Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson for guidance. Steevens is a young Haitian living an uneasy but somewhat stable life in Santiago de Chile: he has a construction job, a home, friends and fun. This precariously balanced life is disrupted when Junior, a childhood friend, arrives in Chile seeking assistance from Steevens to establish himself, even though he has entered Chile illegally. Initially, Steevens does everything to support his friend and even gets him a job with his employer, but Junior's volatile character erupts racial tensions and stokes a large anti-immigration sentiment in the city. Steveens loses his working documents and his home, and is left to wander the city looking for a chance to restart his life beyond the margins of society. Faces, looks, desire, love, drama, tragedy, shooting. Mona and Don's seemingly perfect suburban bliss is disrupted by a sexy extortionist and Mona will stop at nothing, including killing the competition, to keep her little slice of heaven. A teenage girl deals with her parents forgetting her birthday and a crush on her high school's heartthrob. The film centers around 8 people, from all walks of life, who thought they had bought a 'movie role' in a horror film, only to be locked inside the haunted mental asylum to test "The Lucifer Effect" experiment. A male chauvinist guru guides his best prodigy through the art of controlling women, only for the student to find out he is not everything that he seems. In order to expose Yashvardhan who is dishonest, Ravikant captures his son Ajay and plants his twin brother, Vishal, in his place, as an informer. When a realtor shows an old New York factory building to a group of would-be investors, they are unwittingly caught in its tragic and sinister history. Mi-young is playing hide-and-seek with a doll. Oh-gun lives hiding his dark history and Min-su follows Oh-gun to revenge. One day, destiny of these three was entwined, and their story begins. It starts like this: a beach, a cliff, a pine tree forest, and a house made of stone. In the house, Virginia wakes up startled by a nightmare, and in the nightmare we can see her cousin Anabel with a deathly pale face and traces of blood around her lips. Ilsa is a warden at a Nazi death camp that conducts experiments on prisoners. Ilsa's goal is to prove that woman can withstand more pain and suffering than men and should be allowed to fight on the front lines Three teens find themselves in a town over run with zombies. Deciding to fight back, they go on a punch you in the throat, action packed, non stop ride through the city, woods, and schools. Jen's romantic getaway with her wealthy (married) boyfriend is disrupted when his friends arrive for an impromptu hunting trip. Tension mounts at the house until the situation culminates in an unexpected way. Alex, the son of a gang boss from Marseilles, joins the French Foreign Legion to avoid a hit put out on him by the Corsican Mafia. Four years later, Alex deserts and returns to Marseilles to get back together with Katia, his former girlfriend. But in the city, relationships have changed... A pair of twisted tales from two filmmakers that are quickly emerging as the next generation of Italian Horror directors. Episode One: Celeste and her husband rent a country house for the holidays. An earthquake recently destroyed part of the small town, and the house seems to have been recently renovated ... but with much haste. Often alone in the house, Celeste begins to experience horrible visions that seem to emerge from the cracks in the walls. As her mind begins to slip away,she continues to see and hear things that can't be explained, especially to her skeptical husband. Episode Two: Yuri and Max have been friends for a lifetime, spending their evenings drinking and discussing their lives. But this particular evening will be their last. Voyeurs is an Norwegian drama thriller about psychic men. It is an independent production and shot on DV. The story is about a psychic man, Samuel who falls in love, but his ability gets in the way of an ordinary life. This is the epic story of a B-24 'Liberator' bomber aircraft called 'Shady Lady', that took off from Darwin, Australia, on Friday, 13th August 1943, on what was at that time, the world's longest ever attempted bombing mission. Under the command of 'Doug' Craig, 'Shady Lady' set off with 10 other aircraft to attack the oil refineries at Balikpapan, Borneo. With the target hundreds of miles behind enemy lines, this was an audacious attempt to strike back at the Imperial Japanese Army. 'Shady Lady' survived intense tropical thunderstorms, serious turbulence, heavy enemy antiaircraft fire and was chased by Japanese Zero fighters - but never made it back to base. 'Shady Lady,' after 16 hours and 35 minutes in the air, ran out of fuel and was crash-landed in a salt-pan, in the remotest part of Northern Australia. Local support from the Aborigines and a massive rescue mission amazingly saw 'Shady Lady' - fly again. Rachel Watson, devastated by her recent divorce, spends her daily commute fantasizing about the seemingly perfect couple who live in a house that her train passes every day, until one morning she sees something shocking happen there and becomes entangled in the mystery that unfolds. Chennaiyil Oru Naal is Tamil thriller film written by brothers Bobby and Sanjay and directed by Shahid Khader. On September 16, superstar Gautham Krishna (Prakash Raj) gets ready for the release of his new film. On the same day, Traffic Constable Satyamoorthy (Cheran) joins back on duty, after having been suspended from service for taking bribes. The day is special for Dr. Robin (Prasanna) who is celebrating his first wedding anniversary. Karthik Vishwanathan (Sachin), an aspiring television journalist, starts his first job with an interview with Gautham Krishna the very same day. On the same day, at a crowded traffic junction in Chennai, Karthik, who was set to interview Gautham Krishna, and Ajmal (Mitun), traveling in a bike are hit by a speeding car at the signal, and Karthik is rushed to Global Hospital. Also at the junction, in another car, was the surgeon Dr. Robin. Karthik goes into coma and is declared brain dead although he is kept alive using ventilator. Digital stills and video footage of a child on a beach in Cape Cod, Massachusetts, are manipulated and obscured to create a nostalgic atmosphere of remembrances. The Amiga computer has now been replaced by the Macintosh. The editing program is the Media 100. The Shadow Behind You 2015 movie A middle-aged couple who have renounced civilization to live in a cave in the woods are befriended by a local farmer with mysterious ulterior motives. Features two shows both recorded at The Hacienda, Manchester on 11 August 1983 and 19 February 1986, plus 3 promotional videos all previously released on VHS: "No Escape" and "Sluggin Fer Jesus" on The Factory Complication (Factory Benelux, 1981) and "Yashar" on Johnny Yesno (Doublevision, 1983). Nick, Ryan, and Bill have a dream: to have their own hunting show on television. With the help of their camera man Craig and the funding of the National Gun Owners of America, they are given the chance at a trial run, a documentary about the hunting experience. But when they cross the bridge and into the woods beyond, the hunters find themselves in the midst of the legend of Elizabeth, a vengeful specter willing to do whatever it takes to be reunited with her lost child. As the documentary progresses, the strange events continue to escalate to a deadly climax. Can the hunters save themselves from becoming the hunted, or are they doomed to be become a permanent part of the legend of Crybaby Bridge? Viola and Nicola are going through a rough time. To overcome this crisis, they decide to spend a weekend in a remote cabin belonged to Nicola's parents. Just a couple of days together to heal their wounds, , but everything will take a turn for the worst, when a sneaking suspicion become pure madness. What was supposed to be a quiet trip will suddenly slip into a deadly nightmare. Deckard Shaw seeks revenge against Dominic Toretto and his family for his comatose brother. Returning to his homeland after years of slavery, a Norman prince seeks revenge on his father's  murderer - his ruthless uncle, Earl Durant. Gaining the trust of a band of exiled farmers, he leads them into battle against Durant, exploiting them in his inexorable quest for vengeance. As one by one they are slaughtered in the brutal battle, will the prince sacrifice everything an everyone to fulfil his quest for blood? An interesting little short about the exploitative system of the 1930's-50's that used cheap Mexican workers (that "cross the border on temporary work permits to *help* with the harvest"). A witness to a car accident is offered bribes by both parties. The television crew of the "Scary Antics" hidden camera show sets up a disturbed young man for a practical joke, but the joke is on them when heads roll. Audrey, a determined young American woman, arrives in the Philippines with a mysterious mission, little money, and no chance of success. But when she enlists the help of two friendly locals, Hazel and Rey, and an extremely unfriendly American expatriate, Nick, suddenly the possibility of success comes into view. All they have to do is cross 300 miles of roads, jungles, and ocean, ward off the attacks of a vicious local motorcycle gang, and keep themselves from killing each other. It's going to be a bumpy ride. A Sicilian widow earns her living as a clairvoyant, in Milan, but she hasn't got any power at all. Her son instead holds supernatural powers and with the help of his mother he becomes a strong sorcerer. But he fails perhaps to understand the real strength he possesses inside and unbinds uncontrolled forces that lead people that surround him to go mad. Milton, a college dropout, was only supposed to cook meth for one day. Broken out of rehab by a brash young woman and her trigger-happy ("ex") boyfriend and driven to a remote cabin the woods, Milton finds himself drawn into a dangerous love triangle gone haywire. The couple's deadpan half-truths spin around Milton like a song on repeat. They seem to read him like an open book, until a mysterious message opens his eyes to his cursed existence. With unlimited ammunition, any hunting tool they could desire, and an ever-growing body count, for what did Milton really sign up? "8.5 Hours" is a drama about one extraordinary day in the lives of four Dublin office workers  during the final months of Ireland's Celtic Tiger years. A controversial mix of intense drama and some very black comedy, it depicts the personal lives of four workers in a small software company spiralling out of control throughout the course of one working day from 9.00 to 5.30, the 8.5 hours of the title. Sexually charged and constantly surprising, the story relentlessly twists and turns and builds to a series of haunting and unforgettable resolutions. Bickering siblings are reunited at their Texas home as their father lies on his deathbed in this black comedy. An amazing murder mystery taking place in a setting that no one would expect the coast of Mississippi. A young woman tried to live a normal life despite a horrible upbringing. But she will learn her past will haunt her once more. After surviving a car accident, two college students are caught up in a dangerous game of cat and mouse with a local resident. They must come together to survive the deadly night and unravel the mystery as to why this man is out to take their lives. Newlyweds Sarah and Cory Morgan have decided to take a relaxing holiday with Cory's 7 year old son Liam to try and smooth over some of the teething problems Liam is having with his new Mom. Despite the idyllic location of Cory's isolated and luxurious country house, the family soon realize they have made a mistake in going there. Someone has been using the house in their absence. Their unwanted house guests will soon reveal themselves and the family will find itself caught up in a fight for their lives. What was planned as a relaxing getaway quickly turns into their worst nightmare as the family find themselves on a holiday from hell. A young athlete takes a wild turn in life after suffering a serious injury. A famous actress has been killed just before her big premiere and an intriguing murder mystery is revealed by the investigating cops. A beautiful native guide splits the loyalties of two guides seeking the sky burial platforms from the Orphan Tsunami of 1700. But they found too late that she will never let them leave the forest alive. In Stockholm, Sweden, hacker Lisbeth Salander is hired by Frans Balder, a computer engineer, to retrieve a program that he believes it is too dangerous to exist. A unique dramatic-comedy about a young couple in the early stages of their relationship, facing their first major crossroad when a terrible disease spreads nationwide overnight.  They face what could be their final hour holed up in a basement and amidst it all they must decide what's next.  A thought-provoking zombie movie from Rogue Lumen. When whites hunger after the gold on Ute Indian land, a bigoted young man finds himself forced into a peacekeeping role. In Mexico there is a cult that is rapidly growing- the cult of Saint Death. This female grim reaper, considered a saint by followers but Satanic by the Catholic Church, is worshiped by people whose lives are filled with danger and/or violence- criminals, gang members, transvestites, sick people, drug addicts, and families living in rough neighborhoods. "La Santa Muerte" examines the origins of the cult and takes us on a tour of the altars, jails, and neighborhoods in Mexico where the saint's most devoted followers can be found. A fashion photographer is traveling to meet his sister at Eden Parish. Once there, his friends begin to film interviews with the Eden Parish inhabitants, all of whom speak of the commune in glowing terms. However, they soon discover that there is a sinister edge to the commune that belies the seemingly peaceful setting. A philanderer falls victim to an extortion scheme when four masked strangers demand restitution for his sins. Upon discovering her husband's infidelity, Sandy leaves the suburbs and moves into the city. There, she befriends Aram, a guy whose wife only married him so she could get a green card. Sandy hires Aram to be her nanny, and  it isn't long until Aram and Sandy find out they get along wonderfully and start to date. But is their relationship real or is it, in fact, just a rebound for both of them? A Korean zombie coming-of-age story. Convenience store clerk/film student Mu-Young, gets a chance to make his first movie, a zombie melodrama. The dream project turns into a nightmare. Everything that can go wrong, does. Barely surviving his disastrous shoot, he comes to realize making a movie is like love, you can't do it alone. A movie for people who love movie making, making love and zombies. Sacrifice is the story of consultant surgeon, Tora Hamilton, who moves with her husband, Duncan, to the remote Shetland Islands, 100 miles off the north-east coast of Scotland. Deep in the peat soil around her new home, Tora discovers the body of a young woman with rune marks carved into her skin and a gaping hole where her heart once beat. Ignoring warnings to leave well alone, Tora uncovers terrifying links to a legend that might never have been confined to the pages of the story-books. Inspector Richard Kemp never got around to putting the handcuffs around the Eardrum Slasher, a dangerous serial killer whose rampage began 20 years before. When Helene, a psychologist, witnesses the Slasher's latest crime and offers to testify, Kemp falls in love with her at first sight. In a mysterious turn of event, Kemp is suddenly transported back in time to the site of the Eardrum Slasher's first murder, he realizes that this could provide a second chance to catch the killer... After failing to get into the police academy, Chris Potamitis settles for a security guard job with an armoured truck company. After he makes the mistake of mentioning the company's lax security to his best friend, He's unwittingly drawn into an elaborate scheme to rob the abundant amounts of cash being stored on their premises--resulting in the largest cash heist in U.S.history. When local heavy and ex-boxer Tom Sheridan (Ian Pirie) agrees to hire his strip club out to lifelong friend and colleague Ian Levine (Michael Mckell) he soon discovers the private party involves child prostitution and trafficking, catering for wealthy paedophiles. Feeling betrayed and disgusted, Tom obtains secret photo evidence of the party and threatens exposing Ian to his associates and family. This sparks a bloody feud between the two old friends and their foot soldiers, in a story of Morality, Loyalty and Betrayal. Life took an unexpected and sudden turn for Joseph. He loses his job and girlfriend in one week. As Joseph begins to rebuild his life from a 'bad luck roller coaster ride,' his personal chaos begins to manifest at home through unexpected occurrences. Joseph starts to feel a metamorphosis of his being- of his world within his walls. Sure enough, like Murphy's Law, life starts to become even more complicated when a strange group of men begin investigating Joseph without cause. Joseph decides to stop the madness of events and pursue his own investigation. Life and its invisible forces convince Joseph there must be a logical explanation. Skeptical, Joseph looks to find the truth- but what was coming took him beyond. After a programmer working on a top secret surveillance program snaps in a murderous rage, a notorious code wizard with problems of his own moves into the startup offices to figure out what went wrong and deliver the final product. But the deeper he delves into the code, the more the code takes on a malevolent life of its own. Five young people are driven by primal human instincts - to escape, find thrill, seek revenge or wait for destiny. And one old wizened man is trying to touch upon their minds. Surviving family members and friends of a man who was conned by the cunning businessman Sabbarwahl, string together a series of their own cons in an attempt to bring him down. A screenwriter recruits a group of eccentric characters to go and find a missing teenage girl, with the intention of turning the search into a true story script. A freak tsunami traps shoppers at a coastal Australian supermarket inside the building ... along with a 12-foot great white shark. A genuine performance film as Bernadette Laffont and Bulle Ogier engage, with reckless abandon, in a flurry of senseless destruction in a house at night. Somewhere between a hallucination and a nightmare. Both the explosive soundtrack and narration that accompanies the mayhem was provided by Francois Tusques. A young photographer moves to Praga, the most notorious district of Warsaw, known for common crime and alcoholism as well as unique folklore. This experience will have much impact on both his personal and professional life. Summertime. A cruising spot for men, tucked away on the shores of a lake. Franck falls in love with Michel, an attractive, potent and lethally dangerous man. Franck knows this, but wants to live out his passion anyway. A documentary film crew investigate a series of brutal killings known as the Black Water murders. As they delve deeper into the story, they stumble upon a horrifying secret. One they may not survive. Ace assassin Frank Kitchen is double crossed by gangsters and falls into the hands of rogue surgeon known as The Doctor who turns him into a woman. The hitman, now a hitwoman, sets out for revenge, aided by a nurse named Johnnie who also has secrets.  On a camping trip, Matthew's girlfriend Rachel was abducted by a UFO. A year later Rachel returns to the very spot from which she was taken but the creature she has become has Matthew fearing for his life. Patricia Lucia went out of court with a verdict that proves innocence of the murderer of her only daughter, Genesis Nirvana, a girl of only 6 years old. Inside her head, the only way of having justice is by taking it into her own hands. Her only purpose is revenge. Because of this, she takes a home video camera and leaves a record of it. This is a story of revenge and justice, that show us the weakness and vulnerability of human beings, that lose their sanity after missing a child An Indian intelligence agent journeys to a war-torn coastal island to break a resolute rebel group and meets a passionate journalist. Two siblings lure unsuspecting victims to their house through a dating site for games and slaughter. A US intelligence officer, stationed in Germany, is caught in a political dilemma when the Russians kidnap a young Army private, the son of prominent American businessman. In exchange for the soldier's return, the Russians attempt to barter a trade for an elderly German couple who they want for treason. This quirky film was British Leyland's answer to the challenge of promoting their unusual design to the all-important American market. The plot revolves around a New York salesman transported to the Speke factory in Liverpool by an attractive 'witch' in the style of the then popular US TV programme 'Bewitched'.  BONUS - Buffam &amp; Co (1977) The TR7 goes rallying in the USA. Tour de Corse (1977) A record of the punishing progress of two TR7s through the Corsican landscape, featuring Brian Culcheth. Triumph - A Sporting Success (1979) The Triumph TR7 V8 enjoying success on the Ypres, Manx and Mintex rallies during 1978-9, featuring Tony Pond and Murray Walker. Based on real events, and set in Rio de Janeiro, A Wolf at the Door is the nerve-rattling tale of a kidnapped child and the terror of the parents left behind. When Sylvia discovers her six-year-old daughter has been picked up at school by an unknown woman, police summon her husband, Bernardo, to the station for questioning. From that point on, the film takes increasingly sinister turns as it delves into the events that led to the girl's kidnapping. With plot twists that will keep the audience on the edge of their seats, A Wolf at the Door is a darkly disturbing journey into the extreme limits of the human capacity for obsession and revenge. Love Me Do is a twisted love story which follows the relationship between a female investment banker and an out-of-work actor. As the couple learn to bridge their differences and fall in love, a romantic bond develops, which drives them to commit a terrible crime. A short film of a Canto from Maldoror. 8 important executive members of some notable corporations of the country are kidnapped during a recent trial. In this paranormal thriller a troubled young man falls prey to a mysterious Native American woman after he arrives in the desert to care for his dying uncle. Terrifying events begin pointing in the direction of a horrible family secret, and Nick ends up finding out more about himself than he ever wanted to know. When a team of explorers ventures into the catacombs that lie beneath the streets of Paris, they uncover the dark secret that lies within this city of the dead. Popeye is marrying Olive tomorrow; he's ecstatic. She has a dream of the future, including twin sons who prove to be a real handful. When Popeye comes by the next morning, he gets a frosty reception. Udhayam NH4 is a 2013 Tamil romantic thriller film directed by debutant Manimaran, a former associate of Vetrimaaran. The film features Siddharth and newcomer Ashrita Shetty in the lead roles. Vetrimaaran has written the script, done the screenplay, and also penned the dialogues for this film. The story takes place in Bengaluru, Karnataka. When Lou Bloom, desperate for work, muscles into the world of L.A. crime journalism, he blurs the line between observer and participant to become the star of his own story. Aiding him in his effort is Nina, a TV-news veteran. A couple and their daughter moves to Colombia to take over a family manufacturing plant, only to realize their new home is haunted. A woman, accidentally caught in a dark deal, turns the tables on her captors and transforms into a merciless warrior evolved beyond human logic. Young Emily Walton, who has suffered from psychosomatic blindness ever since the car accident that took her mother's life, must summon every instinct at her disposal to protect herself and her loved ones from a mysterious intruder Three teenage friends get in way over their head when they cross a down-home crime syndicate. They hope to make a break for it and escape their dead-end existence in a cotton-mill town but get sucked into the seedy underbelly of organized crime when one of them steals from the wrong man. Prima ballerina, Dominika Egorova faces a bleak and uncertain future after she suffers an injury that ends her career. She soon turns to Sparrow School, a secret intelligence service that trains exceptional young people to use their minds and bodies as weapons. Dominika emerges as the most dangerous Sparrow after completing the sadistic training process. As she comes to terms with her new abilities, she meets a CIA agent who tries to convince her that he is the only person she can trust. A strong-willed woman by the name of Kayden Zwicky sets out on a journey to find the killer of her husband and avenge his death. A mysterious spacecraft captures Russian and American space capsules and brings the two superpowers to the brink of war. James Bond investigates the case in Japan and comes face to face with his archenemy Blofeld. Accused of a brutal murder by the people in their village, Oliver Isaacs and James Dean-Hughes set out to prove their innocence and catch the ferocious beast that they claim is actually responsible for the death of Oliver's fiance, Stacey Charles. A small entourage including a documentary crew tag along on their nightly hunting trips but an escalating body count and rising tensions amongst the group look certain to destroy the fellowship even before they can locate the beast referred to by local legend as 'The Devonshire Devil'. "TORN: a SHOCK YOUmentary" is the product of the documentary film crew's findings. It is the tragic and terrifying story of how the lives of James and Oliver are torn apart by 'The Devonshire Devil'. Bizarre black comedy about 15th-century Paris lawyer Richard Courtois (Firth) who decides to ply his trade in the country, only to find things stranger than he can imagine. His first case turns out to be defending a pig that's accused of murdering a child. And the pig is owned by beautiful gypsy Samira (Annabi), so the idealistic lawyer can fall in love (or lust). There's religion and superstition, there's power struggles, there's ignorance versus knowledge--things sound very modern indeed. In a small rural town hit hard by the Depression, Katie Connors resides in a middle-class home with her bootlegging husband Melvin. When the opportunity arises to bump him off without getting her hands dirty, she takes a chance she may never get again. After his murder at the hands of criminal Richard Hayden, she begins to receive inopportune visits by Melvin's old business partners about a large shipment of moonshine in her possession. Contacting the FBI for help, agent Ron Sheridan is assigned to her case and develops an unrequited love for Katie. But when a full-scale war develops, she learns the FBI may not be much help to her as she thought, and Katie must take matters into her own hands to pay off her husband's debts for good. Dass specialises in small time kidnapping and has his own set of rules. The primary and most important among them is not to get involved with influential people. Three jobless youngsters meet Dass and the four take up an assignment for a hefty sum that throws away this primary rule and end up being chased by a dreaded policeman. 8 Vayasu is all about a mentally unstable youngster, who falls in love. Be it happiness or anger, he has a unique way of expressing it. Whenever he is depressed, he takes on the behaviour of an animal that he sights first.It released on August 24, 2012 and received negative reviews. A motorway, a woman, and a monster -- Adutha Kattam, made by Malaysian Tamils with the support of the Malaysian Film  A romantic thriller following four years in the lives of a young couple, from the reckless highs of new love to the lows of circumstances they cannot change on the periphery. In this brilliant one-man show, the mild-mannered, thirty-something Steven Banks arrives home after a long day at his dead-end corporate job, still dreaming of being a rock star. Steven receives a message on his machine from his boss, Mr. Buttle, informing him that he never received an urgent speech Steven wrote for the board of directors. Steven must scramble to write a new one, but he has less than an hour to do it. Along the way, he continually procrastinates and distracts himself from the task at hand, playing with toys and various musical instruments, baking cookies, putting on costumes, leafing through an old high school yearbook and performing some hilarious original songs along the way. Meanwhile, he's got to deal with his grumpy landlord Mr. Mescue, his clingy girlfriend Phoebe and even a broken toilet. Will Steven ever finish his speech? Or does fate have something else in mind for him? This documentary highlights the historical contexts that gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender individuals have occupied in cinema history, and shows the evolution of the entertainment industry's role in shaping perceptions of LGBT figures. The issues addressed include secrecy - which initially defined homosexuality - as well as the demonization of the homosexual community with the advent of AIDS, and finally the shift toward acceptance and positivity in the modern era. Upon the death of his great grandfather, Brandon Davis a wedding photographer inherits an antique camera famous for taking Victorian death photography. After photographing his subjects they start to die from horrible, bizarre deaths. Young urban couple Ed and Sarah are set to begin a new life when they move from London into an isolated borders Scottish farmhouse. After falling in love with the 19th century Castle Farm and seeing its potential as a fixer-upper they are anxious to get started on the renovations. In bed on their first night Sarah thinks she can hear noises in the darkness but Ed is disbelieving saying it's her imagination playing tricks. Persisting in her fear they are not alone in the house, she forces Ed to investigate. When he doesn't return after a scarily long period, she goes downstairs to investigate only to be confronted by a welcoming committee of masked intruders. As she desperately searches for Ed, a terrifying game of cat and mouse ensues with the mysterious assailants. But what do they want and what horrors do they have planned for the two newcomers? Elvis Martini is in deep shit. His dilapidated Detroit apartment building is about to be foreclosed on by the bank; most of his tenants are behind on rent; he's in big debt to bookies and his daughter's school. He finds some ill-gotten cash in an evicted tenant's apartment and it briefly keeps the wolves at bay, but it brings out a bigger wolf, one that wants his stolen money back. When his daughter is kidnapped by the mysterious menace he's accidentally messed with, Elvis has 24 hours to come up with $25K - cash only. When a deranged killer's modus operandi is repeated, Inspector John Kelly, a young detective, fears that the killer has returned. Forced to bring in the retired Lincoln Frost for assistance, the two discover that the killer is but a wisp of the original, a copy cat that seems apprehensive in his actions. What drives the new killer and why Frost feels compelled to close the case once and for all drives the two detectives to find within themselves the focus needed to bring both killing sprees to a close. The path they follow will change them forever. It's one twist and turn after another that leads to a confrontation and a truth about the killer that you will never see coming. Recorded October 4, 2001, at the Grand Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles, California.  A group of hard-core rockers who spun social upheaval into something fresh, brash and dynamic, The Cult emerged out of Britain's music scene in the early 1980s and quickly rose to the forefront of "Positive Punk." From Ian Astbury's first powerful note to Billy Duffy's last thundering guitar riff, The Cult knows how to rock an audience and this Los Angeles concert is no exception! Songs: Intro/Rise, In the Clouds, Lil' Devil, Peace Dog, Take the Power, My Bridges Burn, Rain, Edie (Ciao Baby), The Witch, Breathe, Fire Woman, Sweet Soul Sister, Wild Flower, She Sells Sanctuary, True Believers, War (The Process), Love Removal Machine. An enthusiastic internet celebrity, Bryce Ryder, throws the party of a lifetime in celebration of his 100th video- yet an unexpected guest plots to murder everyone in attendance. A young couple ventures into the woods to capture footage of the elusive Bigfoot. An inspirational true story.  On what seemed like any other day, Elders Travis Tuttle (Corbin Allred) and Andrew Propst (Maclain Nelson) are approached by Nikolai (Nikita Bogolyubov) to teach a friend. But then the missionaries experience the unimaginable - they are kidnapped, beaten, and held for ransom. While their families, friends, and the world pray for their safe release, Tuttle and Propst are tested physically, emotionally, and most of all spiritually. A teenage girl is abducted by a serial killer couple and manages to escape and find refuge in an isolated farmhouse, only to discover it is home to greater horrors and a malevolent spirit. Ruby is a young lonely girl who finished Middle School and is now entering High School. She should be excited about her Summer, but she's not because all the people she thought were her friends ignore her. Now she is forced to hang out with herself and decides to do all these activities before school starts again. With the help of her older brother she finds her she really is. Passion stories from couples of Rio de Janeiro. Anna: Scream Queen Killer takes us on a journey into the world of indie grind house film auditions with a twist. Our young actress is desperate to make it in the movies. She is invited to a series of filmed auditions, playing out various scenarios on camera. The problem is, the director is a perverted sicko with only one thing on his mind. As the actress progresses through an ever more bizarre series of roles she slowly realizes all the man wants is sexual satisfaction. Forced to strip, and do carnal things in the name of the art, she eventually flips and takes matters into her own hands. Maryann moves in with her grandparents after she's orphaned. Desperately lonely, she sets out to befriend a neighboring deathly ill, bed-ridden boy, despite the outright disapproval of his mother. Maryann's persistence pays off, however, and during a series of secret visits she gradually uncovers some seriously sinister goings-on in the house. Gabriel (Maximilien Poullein), an alcoholic and agoraphobic painter struggles to cope with his nights, filled with ultra-realistic nightmares. Nina (Prisca Silie), a friend of his, assuming all of the painter's issues are linked to his addiction to alcohol, decides to assist him with his forced coming off. This is when Gabriel starts being subjected to intense artistic trances during which he inevitably paints portraits of women. Women who are inevitably found, every next day, raped and murdered. Janie is an ambitious student who dreams of a better life. Dee is a gorgeous socialite who dreams of a rich husband. They're already not the best of friends...or the best of roommates. But when Janie gets the opportunity of a lifetime, Dee becomes the roommate from hell as she desperately tries to destroy Janie's life. It's an all out girl-war, leaving a ROOMMATE WANTED. While watching two children on Halloween night, a babysitter finds an old VHS tape in the kids' trick or treat bag. The tape features three tales of terror, all linked together by a murderous clown. As the night goes on strange things begin to occur in the house. It isn't long before the babysitter learns the horrifying truth... the maniacal clown is slowly working his way into her reality. Newlyweds Sarah and Cory Morgan have decided to take a relaxing holiday with Cory's 7 year old son Liam to try and smooth over some of the teething problems Liam is having with his new Mom. Despite the idyllic location of Cory's isolated and luxurious country house, the family soon realize they have made a mistake in going there. Someone has been using the house in their absence. Their unwanted house guests will soon reveal themselves and the family will find itself caught up in a fight for their lives. What was planned as a relaxing getaway quickly turns into their worst nightmare as the family find themselves on a holiday from hell. Edgar is living in the shadow of his wife's sudden death. Haunted by vivid hallucinations and a faceless city threatening to swallow him whole, Edgar's world begins to unravel as his nightmares become a reality and Edgar is left with a choice: prison or paradise. A Japanese Yakuza gangster's deadly existence in his homeland gets him exiled to Los Angeles, where he is taken in by his little brother and his brother's gang. A photographer turned paparazzi is caught in the downward spiral of a fabricated tabloid story. After vanishing from her family's lake house, 15 year-old Mary Solis returns without any memory of the traumatic events she experienced--and without part of her soul. Even while a shocking mystery surrounds her disappearance, and her disembodied soul begins a grim haunting, the Solis family's biggest fear has yet to be faced.     When it's discovered that two little girls, the same age as Mary's sister, Sophia, went missing on the lake the very night that Mary disappeared, the stakes are raised. Is Mary suffering from a centuries old condition known as Loss of Soul? Or, is it something more nefarious?     After enlisting the help of a Shaman, the Solis family embarks on a journey to the spirit worlds, hunting for a supernatural cure. A young woman is kidnapped and held captive by two men in a terraced house in a busy London neighborhood. She is slowly conditioned to accept her captivity by threats of death to her young son and by the threat of a mysterious all seeing network that will seek punishment if she were ever to expose her situation. Complex relationships develop between the captors and the woman resulting in an explosive finish in this dark and disturbing drama. Having moved to the city for work, a stressed-out young professional begins to fear that a jealous colleague is framing her as incompetent - but the truth is even more terrifying. A surrealistic anthology of horror films; four segments structured as an intense fever dream... The millionaire Diego Verastegui has been murdered at his house, and somebody has taken a valuable briefcase from the safe-deposit box. Dimas -Verastegui's bodyguard- comes back to the house and finds three suspects: Carlos, the millionaire's son, Anna Karina, a sweet girl, and Andres, a bohemian magician. They retell the scenes of the murder from contradictory points of view, each claiming a different version of who committed the crime. Follows the tale of a 17-year-old on house arrest for the summer. When his mother is away on business, a horrifying incident occurs, followed by an even more terrifying presence in the house. Ex-hitman John Wick comes out of retirement to track down the gangsters that took everything from him. A high-rolling corporate shark and his impoverished young guide play the most dangerous game during a hunting trip in the Mojave Desert. Rakesh Singh runs a business that allows education scams to flourish in the country. He enrolls bright students into his plan, makes them write proxy exams for students who are unable to score or pass, and then, helps them procure a fake degree. Romesh (Arjun Mathur) was a young medical intern who dared to dream. He was in awe of Dr. Asthana (Kay Kay Menon), the Chief of Surgery of the Shekhawat General Hospital. All he wanted to was be like him. He lived in with Riya, his co-intern and the love of his life.  However, when an eight year old boy, Ankur dies due to Dr. Asthana's medical negligence, Romesh realises that a good surgeon is not necessarily a good person.  Together with Ankur's mother Nandita, Dr Romesh sets out on a turbulent journey to fight for what is right. A fight for justice against his mentor, the hospital and the love of his life In this meta horror film, a demonic entity uses the fictional character of Freddy Krueger to enter the real world and torment "Elm Street" heroine Heather Langenkamp and her family. A horror thriller directed by Michael David Pate. Six kids decide to stay in a huge movie theater after watching a gruesome thriller. But the guard is a dangerous psycho Bethlehem tells the story of the unlikely bond between Razi, an Israeli secret service officer, and his Palestinian informant Sanfur, the younger brother of a senior Palestinian militant. Razi recruited Sanfur when he was just 15, and developed a very close, almost fatherly relationship to him. Now 17, Sanfur tries to navigate between Razi's demands and his loyalty to his brother, living a double life and lying to both men. Co-written by director Yuval Adler and Ali Waked--an Arab journalist who spent years in the West Bank--Bethlehem gives an unparalleled, moving and authentic portrait of the complex reality behind the news. Media giant Jonathan Zander is known for his malicious business attitude and must find a new, trustworthy person for his organization. He then meets the talented, yet socially challenged, Sheldon Marcus. After leaving a life of mediocrity and insignificance, he must decide if he'll participate in attempting to take down one of the most connected and dangerous moguls around. The Bridge is the controversial documentary that shows people jumping to their death from the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco. Director Eric Steel staked out for a year under the infamous bridge filming 23 suicides. The footage was then compiled along with interviews from family, friends, witnesses, and survivors to create this disturbing yet very intriguing documentary. A survival specialist encounters poachers and something malevolent while backpacking in the remote wilderness of Montana. Los Reyes County, Arizona. Leland, a retired lawman, works with Wallace, the new sheriff who replaces him, when a vicious hit man, sent by a Mexican drug cartel, threatens their border small town. Autumn leaves gently rustle in the October breeze as the days shorten, and the nights grow darker. It's been three peaceful years since evil walked the streets in the sleepy town of Smithfield. Laurie Curtis and her family have finally put the nightmare of the mysterious masked villain behind them, and life has returned to normal...until tonight. While a raging storm is heading toward them, Laurie and her husband, Michael, attempt to enjoy a quiet dinner out with friends. At home, their favorite teenage babysitter keeps an eye on their precious children. The growing storm isn't the only thing that threatens the safety of their home tonight. The sinister shape is back! The storm cuts off all access to the infamous Curtis house, and now the race is on to rescue the children and their sitter! Will faith conquer fear once again? The Freeling family move in with Diane's mother in an effort to escape the trauma and aftermath of Carol Anne's abduction by the Beast. But the Beast is not to be put off so easily and appears in a ghostly apparition as the Reverend Kane, a religeous zealot responsible for the deaths of his many followers. His goal is simple - he wants the angelic Carol Anne. ALLA NERAM is about Raju (MGR)'s choice between love his wife (K. R. Vijaya) and friendship (his loyal and devoted pet elephants, ).  This is the story about the friendship and loyalty of animals with man.  Raju owns elephants and earns a livelihood by making them perform tricks.  He falls in love with Vijaya and they get married. But soon, a problem arises.  Vijaya hates elephants because of a personal tragedy in her life.  She also feels that Raju spends too much time with his elephant friends.  Will the elephants succeed in winning over her heart or will Raju be forced to make a choice between his wife and his animal friends? Muffy and her friends go on a scandalous adventure to the creepy house on the outskirts of town. An ex-call girl hires private investigator Jon Kane to find her missing husband. A bus full of strangers find themselves fighting for their lives when one of them reads from an ancient Gothic tome, bringing six dead serial killers back to life, who proceed to hunt them down one by one. Literature professor Jim Bennett leads a secret life as a high-stakes gambler. Always a risk-taker, Bennett bets it all when he borrows from a gangster and offers his own life as collateral. Staying one step ahead, he pits his creditor against the operator of an illicit gambling ring while garnering the attention of Frank, a paternalistic loan shark. As his relationship with a student deepens, Bennett must risk everything for a second chance. The end of one journey only marks the beginning of another as Detective Loomis returns to uncover the truth behind the Legend of Pitchfork. When the Universe decides what it wants, it's pointless to resist. With his family's life at stake, Joseph Steadman finds himself the unwilling test subject of a maniacal scientist in a battle that could save the world - or destroy it. The sequel is set just weeks after Annie Barlow's deadly confrontation with the Judas Killer. In this elevated sequel, we meet June, a woman whose carefully constructed life is beginning to unravel due to lucid nightmares so awful they disturb her waking life Mumbai Police tells the friendship of 3 police officers, on of them is the Commissioner and other two are Asst. Commissioners who rules the city of Cochin efficiently without any fear. A fisherman with money problems hires out his boat to transport criminals. Area 51, flying saucers from another world - and the program to create a fierce technology. Bob Lazar remains the singular most famous and controversial name in the world of UFOs.  The reason you know about Area 51 is because Lazar came forward and told you about it. His disclosures have turned his life upside-down and he has tried to stay out of the spotlight. For this reason, he has never let any filmmaker into the private world of his daily life - that is - until now.  Corbell's film explores Lazar's claims through the lens of thirty years - providing rare and never before revealed footage - guaranteed to alter the landscape of the debate. Courbevoie (France), 1971. Julien Bouin, a former typographist, and his wife Clemence, who used to perform in a circus, hardly talk to each other in their small house, soon to be demolished. His cat Greffier being the only one he still gives affection to, he becomes the object of Clemence's anger. A bad guy, a cruel guy, a lame guy, a cowardly guy and the meanest woman gets involved in a beautiful university student's murder case. A reclusive tour guide becomes an unlikely vigilante when the dark underbelly of New York City is revealed through his dreams. One man's desperation to save his dying wife sparks a chain of tragedies in the dark crime thriller Circle of Crime. The film offers a complex story that first depicts several seemingly unconnected incidents: the escape of a serial killer, a man being chased by loan sharks after taking the money to save his wife's life, a taxi driver's hit-and-run and a woman's suicide attempt. As the plot unfolds, the connection between these incidents begins to become clear. A guerilla leader falls in love with a mysterious woman in World War II Lisbon. To push the crime rate below one percent for the rest of the year, the New Founding Fathers of America test a sociological theory that vents aggression for one night in one isolated community. But when the violence of oppressors meets the rage of the others, the contagion will explode from the trial-city borders and spread across the nation. The working class twin sister of a callous wealthy woman impulsively murders her out of revenge and assumes the identity of the dead woman. But impersonating her dead twin is more complicated and risky than she anticipated. When hitchhiker Jack rescues Veronique from a road rage altercation, the twosome decide to travel together for safety's sake after learning a serial killer is cutting a murderous swathe through the region. Tired and hungry, they decide against their better judgment to take up an offer to stay the night at a mysterious elderly couple's mansion... Kim Myung-wu studies modern music in Germany and meets Ji-suk, a pianist. She disappears on the day of his recital to get money for her mother's treatment in hospital and no word from her for a month since. He sees through her mother's funeral when she's gone. When there's a fire in the village, Myung-wu witnesses Ji-suk playing piano at the church watching the flame. She sets a fire at a store she was trying to get the money from but the owner reported her. She blamed her mother's death on the store owner and revenged with the fire. She completes the Pyro-Sonata with help of Myung-wu hiding her from police. In a dystopian future, Dredd, the most famous judge (a cop with instant field judiciary powers) is convicted for a crime he did not commit while his murderous counterpart escapes. When a woman takes a new job, she discovers the skyscraper she works in is haunted by victims of a corporation's pursuit of profit. Unable to ignore injustice embodied by the disembodied, she sets out to reveal the truth. A beautiful journalist will stop at nothing to get revenge for her daughter's murder. With no help from corrupt cops she decides to take the law into her own hands and joins a vigilante gang of gangsters and football hooligans to track down the sick, sadistic killers and get her justice.... The warden of Halden, Norway's most humane prison, tours the U.S. prison system to urge a new approach emphasizing rehabilitation. Plagued by nightmares and obsessive sleepwalking, Darcy Baker can't purge her mind of the animalistic abuse she suffered as a child at the hands of her mother. When Darcy's therapist Ryan is informed that her family homestead, the very source of her nightmares, has been abandoned, he is eager to get her back there and pull the suppressed memories to the surface in order to start her journey of healing. While Darcy has no interest in walking through the door to that hell, she does have a deep desire to win the love of Ryan and succumbs to his wishes to return to her childhood home. Upon arriving at the decrepit house, she and Ryan discover that the fear mother ignites in Darcy still lives. Even more unsettling, they uncover the existence of ten-year-old Sam, a feral mute, who keeps his secrets dangerously close to his heart. Ryan admirably risks it all to heal both Sam and Darcy, but is their blood bond thicker than the healing waters he has to offer? A British spy is banished to Panama after having an affair with an ambassador's mistress. Once there he makes connection with a local tailor with a nefarious past and connections to all of the top political and gangster figures in Panama. The tailor also has a wife, who works for the Panamanian president and a huge debt. The mission is to learn what the President intends to do with the Canal. A deadly car accident brings together a group of previously unrelated people, each of whom is forced to deal with the emotional fallout. After the death of her husband, a woman tries to get on with her life, but during a business trip she spots him alive and comes to realize that he faked his death. Three friends head to the seafront for a drunken weekend, only to be imprisoned on the top floor of their holiday apartment by a malevolent paranormal force. Financial TV host Lee Gates and his producer Patty are put in an extreme situation when an irate investor takes over their studio. Eight drug addicts are waiting for their connection in a New York apartment belonging to Leach. Jim Dunn, a budding filmmaker, has agreed to pay for the fix if the addicts will allow him to film the connection scene. After the men get their shots, they talk Dunn into trying heroin in order to understand the subject "first hand." He becomes ill and while sleeping, Leach takes an overdose that puts him into a coma. Dunn recovers, with the aid of the connection, and writes off the film as a failure. In 1630s New England, William and Katherine lead a devout Christian life with five children, homesteading on the edge of an impassable wilderness, exiled from their settlement when William defies the local church. When their newborn son vanishes and crops mysteriously fail, the family turns on one another.  Somewhere Down the Line follows a man's life, loves and losses, shown through the exchanges he has with the passengers in his car. The fast-paced action movie is again set in the criminal underworld in France, where Frank Martin is known as The Transporter, because he is the best driver and mercenary money can buy. In this installment, he meets Anna and they attempt to take down a group of ruthless Russian human traffickers who also have kidnapped Frank's father. A group of teenagers go to the family farm of one of them only to be attacked by a killer scarecrow. Anamika comes to India in search of her husband Ajay. As a hit man is taking down the people she goes to asking for help, Anamika is told by Khan, an encounter specialist, that her husband is Milan Damji, a terrorist mastermind... An exploration of the United States of America's war on drugs from multiple perspectives. For the new head of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, the war becomes personal when he discovers his well-educated daughter is abusing cocaine within their comfortable suburban home. In Mexico, a flawed, but noble policeman agrees to testify against a powerful general in league with a cartel, and in San Diego, a drug kingpin's sheltered trophy wife must learn her husband's ruthless business after he is arrested, endangering her luxurious lifestyle. The air has been sweaty forweeks in the conference center of Baguio City (Philippines) where the new chess world champion will be determined in the broiling summer of 1978. Viktor Kortchnoi (47) and Anatoly Karpov (27) are facing each other in a match that will decide who is going to take the title home. Karpov back to Russia and Kortschnoi, well, that s a controversial matter... The last surviving veterans of the worst battle of a zombie war recount their horrific memories to an author who is writing a book about their experiences. A group of Bangladeshi scientists discover an ideal planet for human settlement. When Claire Spencer starts hearing ghostly voices and seeing spooky images, she wonders if an otherworldly spirit is trying to contact her. All the while, her husband tries to reassure her by telling her it's all in her head. But as Claire investigates, she discovers that the man she loves might know more than he's letting on. A young tech worker takes a job at a powerful Internet corporation, quickly rises up the company's ranks, and soon finds herself in a perilous situation concerning privacy, surveillance and freedom. She comes to learn that her decisions and actions will determine the future of humanity. A couple on a deep-wilderness hike become hopelessly lost within an aggressive black bear's territory. Tracie, a devoted wife and mother, lives every day in fear at the hands of her abusive drunk husband Gerald. She does everything in her power to make a lifeless marriage work for the sake of her two loving children Jordan and Brittany. In the process, she almost loses everything. She feels trapped and alone in an abusive marriage that is spiraling into a bottomless abyss. Her friends and family serve as the voices of reason, but will the situation ever change or will Tracie continue to take the abuse and blame. A small town policeman must investigate a suspicious hunting accident. The investigation and other events result in him slowly disintegrating mentally. Sam (David Zellner) runs into Lacey (Stephanie Wilson) walking her dog in the park. She doesn't seem too thrilled to see him. But he is really, really thrilled to see Choo-Choo. The dog used to be his and he is less-than-thrilled to learn that Lacey has since re-named the dog Rummy. This fateful first encounter (after a break-up three years ago) triggers a rapid escalation of tensions in this typically funny and bizarre early Zellner tale. HANNA loves YANN and the lettres filmees that he sends her, short, poetic films recorded with an iPhone. Yann loves Hanna, but mistrusts her. He leaves her, but does not leave her alone. ... A young widow moves into an old house on Lake Erie to recover from the sudden loss of her husband; however, she soon discovers a dark secret and that she is not alone. A rogue police detective in search of his parents' killer is murdered and reborn the ultimate killer. A loner fresh out of rehab and hunted by both sides of the law returns home to solve the murder of his sister, and finds himself entangled in a game of revenge on the LA club circuit. The inspirational story of World Champion Boxer Vinny Pazienza, who after a near fatal car crash, which left him not knowing if he'd ever walk again, made one of sports most incredible comebacks. A nurse living in small town goes on a blind date with a man who is not the person he says he is. Josh Fosse is a 20something guy whose life is going nowhere. His girl left, his rent is late, and he lacks a real job. He is trying to make it as an app reviewer online and decides to review a self help app called i-Lived for fun. He's signs on and immediately his life turns around. He meets the girl of his dreams and he gets a job offer he can't refuse. Convinced it's him and not the app, he signs out... and loses everything. He signs on again but this time the terms are different, the app is asking him to do things that are out of his moral comfort zone... but essential to becoming the success the app tells him he can be. Kutti Puli (Sasikumar) is a happy go-lucky good hearted ruffian, whose mother (Saranya Ponvannan) wants him to settle down. But our hero does not believe in love or marriage till he meets Bharathy (Lakshmi Menon), who changes his attitude. But his enemies will not allow him to lead a respectful family life. Meanwhile a Silambatam match breaks out into a haphazard fight between Puli and a local gang; the events turn out to become a bloodbath after the goons beat Puli up pretty badly. Post the trauma and pain, will Puli avenge his pride? What happens to Bharathi's love? Can Puli lead a normal life that his mother always wanted to? The rest of plot unveils with all these questions answered. Godfather's story is the story of the greatest of Czech post-revolutionary 'entrepreneurs'. His activities often crossed the edge of the law, and his life ended bullet assassin. Every year, sisters Samantha and Maggie fly home to spend Fourth of July with their parents. But this year Samantha's new husband Dan has mapped out the perfect road trip. With Maggie's husband's Jeep packed to the brim, they head out. But the fun is cut short when their car gets stolen, leaving them stranded in the middle of the desert. With no car, and no cell service, they are forced to seek the help of some small town locals. As the stranded travellers wait for the Sheriff to locate their car, it becomes painfully obvious that the locals have other plans for them. When there's nowhere to hide, all they can do is Run Like Hell. When Grace's father brings a foreign maid into their conventional home, the life she's accustomed to is shaken by a dark secret... and her own repressed past. A martial arts instructor working at a police academy gets imprisoned after killing a man by accident. But when a vicious killer starts targeting martial arts masters, the instructor offers to help the police in return for his freedom. An epic tale of a Big Cat's, Big Adventure. Malshej ghat to Mumbai in 29 days i.e. a cool 120 km. The UN affiliated OIPA chapter in India and PFA Haryana has taken up the matter with the ministry of Environment and Forest against AWBI permission granted to display of leopard in AJOBA marathi film, where as display of six species are banned in India including leopard. A heavy metal band are on tour when their bus breaks down on the outskirts of a remote, rural town. They are helped by a family of God-worshipping locals, but quickly discover that this clan of crazies has murder on their minds and turning them into inventory for their wholesale meat business. The band must fight their way out of this nightmare any way they can, or end up on the dinner table. Financial tycoon and former triad member Yu Shun-tin tries to eradicate the drug market while 'Jizo' aims to singlehandedly take over Hong Kong's drug exchange as the number one drug lord.  Meanwhile, Lam Ching-fung, a cop from the Narcotics Bureau works towards preventing drug abuse but faces uncertainty. At his retirement party, a beloved teacher, who should have been celebrated, ends up having his secrets revealed and loses his reputation. In a totalitarian communist state a private detective who works for vodka vouchers searches through a dark urban wasteland for missing children. Plagued by frightening occurrences in their home, Kelly and Ben learn that a university's parapsychology experiment produced an entity that is now haunting them. The malevolent spirit feeds on fear and torments the couple no matter where they run. Desperate, Kelly and Ben turn to a paranormal researcher, but even with his aid, it may already be too late to save themselves from the terrifying presence. On a freezing January evening, school bus driver Lesley completes her route, but her final inspection abruptly ends when a bluebird comes into view. What happens next shakes her small Maine logging town, proving that even the slightest actions have enormous consequences. When the four boys see an R-rated movie featuring Canadians Terrance and Philip, they are pronounced "corrupted", and their parents pressure the United States to wage war against Canada. The film follows a modern day theater group from Minnesota as they travel to the Czech Republic to perform a cabaret piece originally performed in Terezin in 1943. Based on an actual incident at the University of Virginia Medical Center, this made-for-TV drama (also known as "Switched At Birth") tells the story of Sarah and Linda, two mothers who give birth on the same day in the same hospital. 18 months after the two women had contentedly gone home with the babies, a DNA test proves the infants were switched at birth by the hospital... Barry White and Love Unlimited in Concert (1975) A former soldier is taken captive and awakens in the back of a van where he learns that he only has less than 10 minutes to figure out how he got there. Evan values family above all else, and anyone who gets between him, his wife, and newborn son learns that the hard way. But when it comes to violent tendencies, it seems the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. A rookie cop's world is turned upside down when she comes face to face with Paymon - King Of Hell. Officer Jessica Loren has the last shift at a transitioning police station, assigned to wait for a crew picking up bio-hazard waste from the armoury. But unbeknownst to her, cult leader John Michael Paymon has haunted the department ever since he committed suicide in custody. Jessica is about to find out just how dangerous he still is, all alone on the graveyard shift............. Plot unknown. Emma Woodhouse is a congenial young lady who delights in meddling in other people's affairs. She is perpetually trying to unite men and women who are utterly wrong for each other. Despite her interest in romance, Emma is clueless about her own feelings, and her relationship with gentle Mr. Knightly. The authorized documentary on late Guitar/lead singer Kurt Cobain from his early days in Aberdeen Washington to his success and downfall with Grunge band Nirvana. HA Yoon-ju becomes the newest member to a unit within the Korean Police Forces Special Crime Department that specializes in surveillance activities on high profile criminals. She teams up with HWANG Sang-Jun, the veteran leader of the unit, and tries to track down James who is the cold-hearted leader of an armed criminal organization. Ahmed, originally from Somalia, was born into violence, with civil war ravaging his country. He is now a refugee desperate to improve his life, and that of his family. Desperate for a job, Naya lucked out as her best friend offers her a job as a housekeeper at a 5 star hotel by the beach. But the hotel has one strange rule: never open room number 308 under any circumstances. Based on the true legend of Nyi Roro Kidul, the spirit of the Queen of the South Sea that supposedly lives in room 308 in Samudra Hotel. While on Christmas break, college student Michael journeys to Quebec City to spend time with his attractive girlfriend, Gabriella. Not long after he arrives, Gabriella breaks up with him, but her two equally gorgeous sisters waste no time showing romantic interest. In the meantime, Michael is left to deal with Gabriella's eccentric grandmother and offbeat father, an academic who spends most of his time naked. Insects mate, stories are born. The concept of "love" gets put under  the looking glass in this captivatingly maverick film. Manuel, a lonely  36-year-old, begins an unusual friendship with the much younger Alma.  A young foreign couple set out on an idyllic backpacking trip in Costa  Rica. A Mexico City taxi driver visits a dive bar where he meets a sexy  lounge singer. Vicente runs into an old classmate from high school and  has something profound to share with her. Meanwhile, throughout the  film, different couples speak about their relationships and thoughts After being kidnapped as a small child and raised by the five men who abducted him, a teenage boy is now forced to join their life in crime. Forced into exile by the English after being crowned King of Scotland, legendary warrior Robert the Bruce fights to reclaim the throne. A series of murders resembling Ji-yoon's horror webcomic drawings occur and detective Ki-chul unravels the terrifying truth of the comics himself. After a young woman suffers a brutal rape in a bar one night, a prosecutor assists in bringing the perpetrators to justice, including the ones who encouraged and cheered on the attack. Kyle Cole returns home to the town of Kaler Mills. He hasn't been back in 10 years since the people of the town turned on him believing that he was responsible for his brothers death. His brother, Ryan Cole, was the beloved "fair haired boy" of Kaler Mills. Loved by all, hated by none. After his death in a tragic farm accident a video was released that made it seem that Kyle could have prevented his brothers death. Now, armed with a documentary crew, Kyle has returned to face his demons. But he forgot about one of them... This is an 80's style creature feature with a modern twist. Made with practical effects and classic stop motion monster techniques, The Dooms Chapel Horror will keep you on the edge of your seat to the very end. When a menacing vampire is summoned from the darkness and begins terrorizing couples in Chicago, a doctor with a haunted past is determined to confront and destroy him. A fairytale based on the play by Aleksandr Ostrovskiy. Trapped inside an old mining complex, somewhere in the ruins of Chernobyl, a group of international mercenaries must band together to fight an army of mad men. 8 against 800, they just couldn't lose. A seductive teen befriends an introverted high school student and schemes her way into the lives of her wealthy family. Noah McManus is leaving his job with the Boston mayor's office for a dream gig in Washington, D.C. But in a single day, he finds out his new boss in Washington can no longer employ him and that his girlfriend has been cheating on him. Devastated, Noah travels to a quaint Cape Cod town and unexpectedly finds himself at home. A teenage girl deals with her parents forgetting her birthday and a crush on her high school's heartthrob. Drama - A lonely young man enters college and quickly finds comfort in two mysterious filmmakers that have manipulative plans of their own. -  Casey James Knight, Dana Blackstone, Dominic Ryan Gabriel  If Nick Barrow can stay alive for 21 days, he'll die happy. Everyone Nick knows wants him dead; Mob bosses, contract killers, and dirty cops. Performing the last act of a desperate man, Nick takes out a million dollar insurance policy on himself, payable to his estranged daughter. The problem? The policy doesn't take effect for 21 days. Nick knows they'll be lucky to be alive for twenty-one hours. Bruno Monsaingeon wrote and directed this 144-minute French documentary about Russian pianist Sviatoslav Richter, who died August 1, 1997. Black-and-white performance clips from the 1930s are combined with later Mosfilm color footage, while Richter's personal history is revealed in digital video interviews shot two years before his death. After Larry Darrent accidentally kills his lover's blackmailing husband, someone else is arrested for the crime. When he is found guilty, Larry and Wanda have just three weeks together before he must give himself up or let an innocent man go to the gallows. A lead singer in a teenage girl-band, mysteriously dies and soon haunts the other members, their new manager and her replacement. Azman is determined to get his revenge when his fiancee Emelda breaks off their engagement to marry another man. Azman visits a witch-doctor who teaches him to place a curse on Emelda who later goes hysterical on the day of her wedding. His action indirectly causes the death of Emelda's mother whose funeral he attends out of regret. However, this is against the advice of the witch-doctor, who warned him not to visit the dead or prepare to suffer the consequences. "Kerat 14" is an action packed thriller that started of with the love story of Haziq and Nuzara. Haziq and Nuzara are a very romantic loving couples and Haziq has a tremendous amount of love for Nurzara. But Haziq is involved in unhealthy social activities which Nurzara is not very happy with. In between them Aril appears and is attracted to Nurzara's beauty while Nurzara and Haziq are at a night club in Kuala Lumpur. An unexpected horrifying tragedy happens in the love story of Haziq and Nurzara and is under investigation of ASP Razman. Who will be the victim in this love story of Nurzara and Haziq? Will Haziq win the love of Nurzara? Will Haziq be able to stand by his true love and care for Nurzara ? Marco Vasquez and his family have seen tragedy and despair throughout their lives at the hands of an evil entity. Now that Marco is about to start a family of his own, he is forced to return to his childhood home where it all began to put a stop to it once and for all. A workman gets some unexpected help from two people of vastly different sizes. A young bride questions her sanity as she faces abuse at the hands of her new family - until the day she decides to fight back. When two friends open a Halloween fun house on Devil's Night it is all fun and games until their former sorority sisters begin to arrive. These six sisters are confronted by their past as the night spins out of control. The true story of Carolyn's Raeburn's daughter who graduated from high school at the age of 16. Laura was bright, popular and enthusiastic about the future, but the summer before she was to begin college, an event occurred changing forever the lives of her and her family. Laura visited a boarding ranch in the country to learn horseback riding. And there, she entered a world dominated by a strange and fearsome woman who took control of Laura's mind. She was groomed to replace the woman's dead daughter. Carolyn spent the next five years of her life, much of her sanity and more than half a million dollars to get her daughter back. It's been a year since the Dogman terrorized this Midwestern community and nearly killed Hank Purvis. But now, things seem to have settled down. Everyone has gotten back to their routine. Hank still enjoys the outdoors and loves to hunt. He and his wife, Dorothy, continue to live on their family farm in the rural Midwest. The picturesque autumn woodlands are a wonderful place to be. But things are not well. Unseen in the nearby forest, are a litter of grown Dogman pups, embarking on their terrifying destiny, and standing over seven feet tall. They are a bad batch. They have to be stopped. "I'll blow up Mapo Bridge." An anonymous call comes into a radio station one day. When it turns out to be legitimate, a terrorist's threats end up getting broadcast live throughout the country. Bypass Road is a 2019 Indian Hindi-language thriller-drama film directed by Naman Nitin Mukesh and written by Neil Nitin Mukesh. The film features Neil Nitin Mukesh, Adah Sharma and Shama Sikander in lead roles. The movie is produced by Neil Nitin Mukesh in association with Miraj Group. The film was released theatrically on 8 November 2019. In a totalitarian society of the future, in which the government controls all facets of the media, a homicide detective investigates a string of bombings, and finds out more than he bargained for. A woman finds herself alone with a strange man. No comprehension of what came before or what will happen. An ancient evil takes hold and suddenly life changes. A teen becomes the target of a stalker after she joins a club where participants play a game that grows increasingly sinister. The Guvnors is a violent thriller set amongst the clans and firms of South East London, bringing two generations together in brutal conflict. Lucy, a young woman comes back to her hometown to celebrate her newly appointed doctor of Psychiatry. Friends and old love finds her back, however there have been quite a few strange behavioral differences in Lucy. A life of a mother and her two children breaking down quietly without showing any events happening out of their house. The film is about a child neglect and a corruption of the belief, motherhood exists in all female, based on a true incident happened in Osaka, Japan. Tilt is the story of a precocious young girl who is a pinball wizard. Because she does not get on with her parents, Tilt is contemplating running away from home. Skipping school one day, she decides to go to to Mickey's Bar. Mickey, who is Tilt's good friend, helps her set up a gambler for a pinball game. Because the gambler is unaware of Tilt's pinball wizardry, he is easily hustled out of his money. While watching the confrontation, a young man named Neil Gallagher, who is an aspiring musician, is impressed with Tilt's ability, congratulating her after the win. Neil invites Tilt to watch him sing at a rock concert, and after his performance she believes he can become a great singer. Because Neil needs money for a demo tape of his songs, he has an idea of taking Tilt with him and having her hustle would-be gamblers. The terror continues as two icons of horror face off for a second time. A group of friends go through a series of horrifying events. A suicide that occurred two years earlier is revealed. Dr. Michael Cayle thought leaving the chaotic lifestyle of New York City behind for the quiet, small town of Ashborough would bring his family closer together. Soon after arriving, however, he discovers the town's deepest secret: a terrifying and controlling race of creatures that live amongst the darkness in the woods behind his home. Senator Gabriel Alcaraz is preparing to deliver a privilege speech alleging corruption in the highest levels of government. On his way to the Senate, he gets wind of a plot against him. The police seek to arrest him for his part in an operation decades ago. Suspecting that the administration isn't willing to give him a fair trial, Alcaraz goes into hiding abroad, hoping to find a way to clear his name and eventually return to his family. Back home, an old colleague is put in charge of finding him, and his family suffers under the pressure of public scrutiny. In Sao Paulo, the black part of the elite, while whites take over the periphery. In this scenario, a lawyer has to deliver cell in a prison, but on the way he is robbed. Without the devices, the man begins to be threatened by the leaders of the prison, which still planning an attack in the city. An accident involving a 16-years old prompts private eye Corso to an investigation that will unearth a deep web of corruption in today's Rome. When Sara, a young design student from Iowa, arrives for college in Los Angeles, she is eager to fit in and get to know the big city. Her wealthy roommate, Rebecca, is more than eager to take Sara under her wing and show her the ropes. The two become close, but when Sara begins to branch out and make more friends on campus, Rebecca becomes resentful. Alarmed, Sara moves in with her new boyfriend, causing Rebecca's behavior to take a violent turn. Film starring Ritu Kaur and Sivaji, directed by Kiran Sebastian and Angela are all set to get married until their difference of opinions and cultural conflicts between the families threaten their union. When larcenous real estate clerk Marion Crane goes on the lam with a wad of cash and hopes of starting a new life, she ends up at the notorious Bates Motel, where manager Norman Bates cares for his housebound mother. The place seems quirky, but fine... until Marion decides to take a shower. During the 1980s, a failed stand-up comedian is driven insane and turns to a life of crime and chaos in Gotham City while becoming an infamous psychopathic crime figure. Leo, a former convict, is living in seclusion on an island with his step-daughter, the daughter of his late wife. Leo was framed by a group of former business associates, and he also suspects that one of them killed his wife. He has invited the group to his island, tempting them by hinting about a hidden fortune, and he has installed a number of traps and secret passages in his home. He is aided in his efforts by a former cell-mate who holds a grudge against the same persons. When everyone arrives, the atmosphere of mutual suspicion and the thick fog that covers the island promise a tense and hazardous weekend for everyone. After the tragic death of her husband, a soldier posted to Afghanistan, Bryony tries to build a new life for herself and her young son, James. Struggling with her own grief she fails to notice that James has become secretive and withdrawn, spending hours alone playing out death scenes with his toys. When things start to go missing and furniture is smashed Bryony blames James but when she confronts him she finds herself facing a reality more terrifying than any nightmare. As her world crashes around her Bryony realises that unless she can find a way to reconnect with her son she and James will be separated for ever. Gabriell is a single mother, her 17-year-old daughter Claire is pregnant, however the child's father Simon has no desire to be involved with his future baby. When Gabrielle takes matters into her own hands and asks Simon's father Ange for help, an unexpected relationship begins. A look at the state of the global environment including visionary and practical solutions for restoring the planet's ecosystems. Featuring ongoing dialogues of experts from all over the world, including former Soviet Prime Minister Mikhail Gorbachev, renowned scientist Stephen Hawking, former head of the CIA R. James Woolse Mahonri, the brother of Jared, is a righteous man in wicked Babel. After the tower of Babel is destroyed and the language of the people is confused, the Lord shows Mahonri how to build barges to carry the righteous across the sea to the Promised Land. When the brother of Jared asks the Lord to touch stones to light the barges, his faith is so strong that he receives a great revelation. In a world where English has long since become the universal language... Nattie is finally old enough to learn how to master the Voyage, a new communication technique used in a popular game of deception known as Wiphala. After beginning her training under the penetrating eye of the mysterious Master Dalle, Nattie soon realises that she is being watched and that a web of lies and deceit surround her. The only way out : jouer au Wiphala! Umbra is a scientist who wants to prove his theory that human beings are ruled by chance and devoid of any purpose, and as a consequence some become evil and cruel.  The death of his safe cracking grandfather has landed Johnny as the only one left alive who can open a safe for a degenerate crew of violent gangsters,but he's just a junkie with little more on his mind than getting that next fix. During the 1980s, a failed stand-up comedian is driven insane and turns to a life of crime and chaos in Gotham City while becoming an infamous psychopathic crime figure. A year in the life of an extraordinary village hidden away in the French countryside. After waking up from his wacky dream, a theater stage hand inadvertently causes havoc everywhere he works. Two retired bank robbers agree to one last job. A face from their past steals their proceeds and divides the cash into 7 Cases.... each one is left with someone they know. If they take a case, the victim dies... if they don't get there in time... the victim dies.... if they tamper with the traps...they all die... Their day goes from bad to worse as they encounter all the faces from their past and have to make some heartbreaking decisions. Liz Gilbert had everything a modern woman is supposed to dream of having - a husband, a house and a successful career - yet like so many others, she found herself lost, confused and searching for what she really wanted in life. Newly divorced and at a crossroads, Gilbert steps out of her comfort zone, risking everything to change her life, embarking on a journey around the world that becomes a quest for self-discovery. In her travels, she discovers the true pleasure of nourishment by eating in Italy, the power of prayer in India and, finally and unexpectedly, the inner peace and balance of true love in Bali. Christi's (Brandy Amann) life in the fast lane sends her spiraling out of control. On the run from a vicious pimpand his gang of ruthless thugs, she finds herself captured, beaten and tortured. Christi sets off on a path of destruction and revenge against the murderous killers with unstoppable anger and a large caliber handgun. Payback is a bitch... and Vengeance is a .44 Magnum. Superstar Andy Lau and Cheung Kwok Keung are heroic bloodshed brothers in the riveting triad saga Sworn Brothers! Lau (Andy Lau) is a fast-rising enforcer with the triads, but beneath his "bad" exterior is the sworn brother of Cheung (Cheung Kwok Keung), a Royal Hong Kong Police officer just returned from Scotland Yard. The two men are on opposite sides of the law, but both share a bond that cannot be tarnished, either by years or differing ideologies. Can the brotherhood of these two righteous men set things right in the underworld? Co-starring Tung Piu (Jackie Chan's Police Story films) in a compelling role as a corrupt cop, and loaded with many exciting actions sequences, Sworn Brothers is a standout triad action-drama in a genre already loaded with many similar films. With potent melodrama, and the type of heightened emotions that typify many popular eighties Hong Kong films, Sworn Brothers hits the action-drama bulls-eye in entertaining and bloody style! A psychological thriller about a young married couple who buys a beautiful Napa Valley house on several acres of land only to find that the man they bought it from refuses to let go of the property. With raging boy hormones and the laugh quotient turned on full, Chris Salvatore and Daniel Skelton return, along with Rebekah Kochan and cult icon Mink Stole in the fourth installment of Q. Allan Brocka's hilarious and over-the-top sexual antic-laden Eating Out series! In writer-director Nick Whitfield's black indie comedy, a pair of "exorcists" (Ed Gaughan and Andrew Buckley) with the power to rid people of their secrets agree to help a woman (Paprika Steen) whose daughter (Tuppence Middleton) is mute -- and whose husband is missing. Jason Isaacs co-stars as the mysterious Colonel, who seems to be calling the shots from the sidelines of the duo's shadowy enterprise. A mysterious, electronically-transmitted bio-virus virus threatens to infect a young couple unless their small town can identify and neutralize the source. The key to their safety may lie in the man exposing his toxic secret. In an attempt to launch their careers, two young actors investigate a disturbing viral video of a French psychic's prophecy. As they shed light on the mysterious footage, their journey will test their friendship, threaten their lives and reveal a most troubling secret.  A young man in Delhi tries to break free from his controlling brothers. Billy and Steve have to get some money to pay off their drug dealer Tyvan. Their plan to rob a Carwash gets complicated when the plan gets shared and everyone has an ulterior motive. Crime/drama with a supernatural edge. The movie Is set in a fairytale village, one lost to old time. This town is on the border between Portugal and Spain. People have lived here for centuries. During the day not much is happening. People who I portrayed are continuously doing the same things. Following the same routine of waiting next to the church, going to the bar for a coffee. But unlike other towns the energy of this village is divided into two parts. As the light starts to settle and darkness takes over the village all of a sudden the mystery and magic that did not exist during the day, knocks on the door of this town. And the viewer finds out that in this village the night belongs to mystery. Neha comes to a small village in Bihar, India to construct a school building, for her NGO. She meets the principal to discuss the plans. While leaving from there Neha is shocked to know that the three boys who guided her to the school building are hardcore criminals and have been involved in several murders. Faces of all three in their adolescence, get etched in Neha's mind. With the news of the Rupees twenty million fund coming to the village spreads, politics of greed germinates. Paras, a contractor, lure the five school trust members and promises them to redo their houses if they help him construct the school. The trustee members agree but before they can proceed, Lakhan who has a strong foothold over the village hires the three boys to kill Paras. They kill Paras and the tender goes to Lakhan. Neha meets Janki, mother of one of the boys and is shocked to know about the circumstances that led the three boys to crimes. Once Pedro Chazarreta found murdered in the wonderful gated, El Tribuno newspaper hires retired detective novelist Nurit Iscar/Betibu that is installed in the area and a series of newspaper columns about the case. Along with the Chief of police of the newspaper, Mariano Saravia, and a veteran journalist, Jaime Brena, Betibu starts to investigate the murder. Using an old photo of the adolescence of Chazarreta, which shows him with fellow high school, the Group discovers an apparent connection between this murder and a succession of apparently trivial deaths of members of the photo. At the same time, Betibu must face its past emotional with the editor of the newspaper, Lorenzo Rinaldi, who seeks to restore the relationship. Avery (Jones) returns to college as a competitive swimmer after getting his life back on track. But his life takes another unexpected turn when he and his two friends (Bonds, Casseus) are wrongly accused of murder and end up in prison. Martin is a young Argentinean piano virtuoso and composer. For four years, he has been a patient of El Borda psychiatric hospital. Music filled up his life. Now he is trying to return to life outside the asylum walls, while working on his new opus, "Enfermaria". After a quarrel with her boyfriend Goshia is kidnapped by a dangerous criminal. She will have to fight for his life. When his girlfriend goes missing, David must track down her whereabouts after he realizes she's not who she was pretending to be. A young American couple in love, Michael and Olivia vacation in Baja, but things take a frightening turn when Olivia is kidnapped by drug dealer, who demands that Michael smuggle a backpack full of cocaine-stolen from a rival cartel-over the border into the U.S. within twelve hours or else Olivia will be killed. A good Tijuana Cop is on the trail, as Michael navigates the treacherous underworld of Mexico, and he himself becomes a force to be reckoned with... It's Easter time in Crisper County and cable news reporter Marlee Meade is hunting for a way to help others. She cooks up a plan to save the old theater with a cast of costume-clad townies Daniel Lugo, manager of the Sun Gym in 1990s Miami, decides that there is only one way to achieve his version of the American dream: extortion. To achieve his goal, he recruits musclemen Paul and Adrian as accomplices. After several failed attempts, they abduct rich businessman Victor Kershaw and convince him to sign over all his assets to them. But when Kershaw makes it out alive, authorities are reluctant to believe his story.  Four divers are stuck deep underwater in a vessel after a freak storm destroys their ship. Will they survive? A day in the life of a teacher after her husband leaves for a one day trip for business. She is pregnant and is left alone in their isolated house at the countryside. She begins to feel invisible presences, which frighten her all night. Who are they and can she survive until the next day? The film tells the story of a former 1980's film cameraman who now currently works as a movie pirate operating in present day Manila. He routinely smuggles a digital camcorder into movie theaters in order to illegally record films. One night he records something else... And the footage goes viral. Tom chases Jerry through the streets of Naples; they meet a local mouse who recognizes them from their cartoons and shows them around. Meanwhile, some local dogs are shadowing them. The true story of Chong Kim--abducted into the sex trade as a young teen--and the complicated moral choices she had to make in order to survive as her situation grew more desperate. A documentary focused on the transitional years from the totalitarian regime to democracy in Bulgaria. A thorough interpretation of the period as a reference note to world-famous French philosopher and sociologist Jean Baudrillard's notion of 'simulation'. The film's title is an ironic extension of Sigmund Freud's famous quote, "America is a mistake, admittedly a gigantic mistake", which implies the Austrian scientist's disappointment from empty American life in which money is the utmost value. Meet Kuda, the world's newest reality television superstar. He's left alone in a house for 6 months and expected to defend the house against intruders sent in to steal specific items - recreating the true suburban living experience. Two women run a business breaking up couples for cash but when one develops a conscience their friendship unravels. After being hypnotized by his sister in law, Tom Witzky begins seeing haunting visions of a girl's ghost and a mystery begins to unfold around her. The star of the hit series, The Haunting of Sunshine Girl, Sunshine embarks on a new adventure with her best pal, Nolan and a new sidekick Andrew. They head to Portland, Oregon in search of her favorite urban legend, Black Eyed Kids. Here they meet several witnesses who have seen BEK. This is a whole new adventure for the group and far from her normal ghostly adventures. Little does she know the BEK world is far more dangerous and evil than any of them could imagine. Will she make it out alive? A look at the poorest district of Warsaw. Targowek looks as if the war ended just yesterday - the place is full of rubble and misery, and devoid of any perspectives for a better future. A group of paramedics receives an emergency call from Arizona, but when they get there, they realize that the victim is on the Mexican side; however, they decide to help anyway... UFC 35: Throwdown was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship at the Mohegan Sun Arena in Uncasville, Connecticut on January 11, 2002. The event was seen live on pay per view in the United States, and later released on home video.  1971. Three pregnant teenagers are interned in a flat in Bilbao to hide what in that time was a terrible disgrace, to be a single mother. Current time. Violet, NORA NAVAS, is a brave, strong woman that will insist on finding the truth. Helped by Angel, MIKEL LOSADA, what happened in that flat in Bilbao during the last days of Franco regime. A collection of short stories. In one a woman who leaves her house late at night to drive to the store while a killer is loose encounters some problems. In the second an arcade whiz kid's obsession with a game leads to deadly consequences. In the third a small town priest loses his faith and decides to leave town, but in the desert is stalked by a mysterious black pick-up truck. In the final story, a family's problem with a rat is larger than they think. A family moves into a cabin where they are attacked by the vicious Field Freak. INNER DEMONS follows an 'Intervention'-style reality show crew that films an episode about a sixteen-year old girl, a former A-student, who is fighting addiction but may in fact be suffering from something even more destructive: demonic possession. The movie is an inquiry into the truth about her - with symptoms that straddle the disturbing and scary intersection between insanity, addiction and true possession. Cutting edge technology spawns an enterprise of unimaginable, greed which manipulates life and death as the ultimate profit-making tools. story of Nizam (Adi Putra), who seeks justice for the death of his beloved wife, Aina (Nadia Heng) and his child, whom she was pregnant with at the time, as a result of rape and murder by a gang. It is Nizam's solemn promise to himself that everyone involved in the rape-murder must be wiped from the face of earth. Nizam is introduced to Radzi's (Namron) gang by Khairul (Bell Ngasri), an old friend. Radzi's gang is one of the more feared, dabbling in night clubs, drugs and illegal money lending. After he is tested by Loy (Zul Huzaimy), Radzi's right-hand man, Nizam joins Radzi's gang as a debt collector. Among the names listed in the file are Aina and her father, under debtors who have failed to pay. Nizam is now convinced that he is on the right track... A lone, struggling addict takes on a dangerous underground criminal ring in his small Southern town to retrieve a stolen pendant he believes will save his marriage.  A diamond heist is pulled off utilizing information and chance. After several years of sexual dysfunction, Ada and her boyfriend, Calvin travel to her hometown in rural Oklahoma in hopes of piecing together her fragmented childhood memories. They find their answers, but can they find their way back home? Two demons, slinging sex, drugs and chaos, attack the lives of a struggling couple. Convinced her roommate's new fiance is the man who abducted and raped her, a young law student, suffering from post traumatic stress disorder, takes justice into her own hands as she exacts revenge... but does she have the right man? Elizabeth Jackson and Kerry Beyer star in this disturbing revenge thriller that pushes the limits of sadism. A high-profile romantic entanglement leads to murder in this crime drama. When ambitious poetess Madhumati (Amrita Dhanoa) begins an affair with government minister Amar (Adarsh Kumar), the politician's money-hungry wife (Nidhi Tiwari) won't stand for it. But news of the affair leaks to the press, and soon, everyone in the country is engrossed in the scandal. And wagging tongues find more to talk about when Madhumati is found murdered. ... Whistle depicts the dreary off-hours of an ultra-technological hit-man who becomes 'involved' in the life of one of his victims. The hit-man's wife is not only fully cognizant of her husband's day job but she is also the cold-blooded contact with his bosses when the conscience crisis sets in! An Indian Kannada crime film directed by Suri and produced by M. Chandru. The story revolves around Kaddipudi, a rowdy sheeter who yearns for a peaceful life. But politicians like Renukaji, his son Gaali and Shankarappa use him as a pawn for their selfish ends and don't allow him to lead a normal life. The hero becomes the reason for the incidents that occur in Uma's life. Fletcher Reede is a fast-talking attorney and habitual liar. When his son Max blows out the candles on his fifth birthday he has just one wish - that his dad will stop lying for 24 hours. When Max's wish comes true, Fletcher discovers that his mouth has suddenly become his biggest liability.  A man involved in a horrific car crash is pronounced dead, only to come back to life an hour and a half later, claiming to have seen Heaven. A thorough exploration of the themes and making of Fassbinder's "I Only Want You to Love me". A group of solitary elderly individuals from Armenia, who have been neglected by the society, unify in an amateur dance troupe and prove during each performance that they still can dream, fall in love, amaze and wonder. Officer Parashuram travels to Switzerland to rescue his girlfriend. He only has five days to rescue his girlfriend from her kidnappers. A troupe of struggling stage actors is rehearsing for a small-town production of a play. Everything seems to be as it should until one of the cast members turns up dead. In a panic, the others try to get out, only to find they are now locked in the theater with the killer! Which one of them committed the murder, and who will get out alive? Framed in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover, upstanding banker Andy Dufresne begins a new life at the Shawshank prison, where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. During his long stretch in prison, Dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named Red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope. England, the 19th Century. The almighty butler Sebastian of the Phantomhive House: the "evil nobles" that are contracted to perform Queen Victoria's "underground" work. His true form is that of a demon. According to his contract with his young Master Ciel, a proudly independent boy who faces his cursed fate head-on, he becomes Ciel's shadow and cleans up the incidents that occur in the underground society. Brothers, Sean and Tommy Donnelly live and work in modern day Texas. Tommy has always been troubled and Sean has always been there to help him but when Tommy gets himself $6,000 in debt there's not much Sean can do. The money is owed to some very dangerous people and neither Sean nor Tommy has a spare dime. Worse, at every turn, Tommy manages to find a way to exacerbate their already difficult position. The situation escalates to the point where Sean is faced with a decision: stand by his brother or give up on him once and for all. Following his son's suggestion, a video game designer creates an action-adventure game where the villain has artificial intelligence and is stronger the protagonist. Trouble begins when the creator's son is forced to quit the game in between, much to the disappointment of the game's shape-shifting villain who then comes to life using a newly invented technology. The player now must escape him or else he might get killed, something only the game's less powerful protagonist can prevent from happening. Two ballerinas plan a gruesome attack on the ballet school that mistreated them. An alcoholic spends all his time spying on his neighbor, waiting for the right moment to kill him. A married couple have dinner and discuss their future, they go to bed but soon they realize that someone is in the house. The crisis that follows this incident brings the couple closer together, but brings the relationship to a clash when reality comes knocking on the door. A movie about love and living with a secret. Los Angeles artist David Choe's kaleidoscopic work can be playful, confrontational and sexually frank. His personal life is no less complicated, as revealed by close friend Harry Kim, who documented Choe's life and crimes from 2000 to 2007. From the manic highs of commercial success and dinosaur hunting in the Congo to the self-destructive lows of Japanese jail sentences and bouts of self-doubt and depression, what begins as a gleeful portrait of a bad-boy artist slowly becomes a poignant celebration of one man's journey, both artistically and spiritually, toward his own uncertain salvation. Written by Travis Miles A psychological drama with supernatural elements that keeps you wondering if you are witnessing a young girl's journey towards insanity, or if the demons, visions, and nightmares that haunt her are not just in her head. Sam Flynn, the tech-savvy and daring son of Kevin Flynn, investigates his father's disappearance and is pulled into The Grid. With the help of a mysterious program named Quorra, Sam quests to stop evil dictator Clu from crossing into the real world. Lorraine and Ed Warren travel to north London to help a single mother raising four children alone in a house plagued by malicious spirits. A stenographer who works for a lawyer falls in love with and marries a wealthy young man. His family has the marraige annulled, after which she gives birth to a child. Her former boss helps her out to ensure the child's welfare, which starts gossip that she is a "kept woman." A wildlife film crew pursue local sightings of a rare wildcat in Central Asia using high-tech camera equipment. A man who loves his father dearly and protects him from all dangers is shocked to realize certain things that don't seem to be what they are. A unique horror film told from the first-person perspective of Grace - a naive, virginal college freshman trying to deal with campus culture and her outgoing roommate as an evil entity takes over her body and unleashes chaos. After the dead of his mother, Daniel is put under the care of his aunt Elizabeth, a foreign woman with a severe character, who subjects the child to multiple abuses and psychological torture.  Young Autism sufferer Danny enjoys the serenity and solitude of camping. That's all about to change when enraged teens Nicholas, Calvin and Julia find him, each with their own agenda for wanting to see Danny suffer. Grill up the carne asada, sit back and hold on as JD Films brings you the fifth release in the Dezert People Video Series. Featuring: Jesse James, Wayne Lugo, Steve Oliges, Jason McNeil, Carl Renezeder, Larry Roseler, Vildosola Racing, Camburg, Steve Sourapas, Herder Motorsports, Travis Pastrana (Subaru Rally), exclusive CORR footage and many more... Deborah Chandler's rejected suitor, Selden Clark, manages the factory of her father, who dies a suspicion death. But charming Clark manages to win her over and marry her. On the honeymoon, Clark's former girl Patricia intervenes and opens Deborah's eyes, alas too late. Now Clark tries to kill Deborah. Believed dead by all but Clark, she flees. But drifter Keith Ramsey recognizes and follows her. Can she trust him? Can he believe her? Two strangers, both at the end of their rope, suddenly meet in the middle of the unpredictable waters of Lake Michigan. After the death of his parents, 10-year-old Jackson Mayhew moves in with his Aunt. But when he befriends an elderly man, he begins to suspect that the old man is actually Santa Claus. For his past to be concealed, he must first face his darkest enemy - himself Guilt ridden mother seeks to enact her vengeance against her daughter's killers. With detectives closing in, Eva transforms into a vengeful God. A grief stricken captain embarks on his final mission in command of an ageing cargo ship. The ship's small crew, frustrated and discontent with their lives in deep space try to complete a successful mission, but the ship has ideas of it's own. Soon, an 'accident' onboard forces a diversion to Somnus, a derelict asteroid station in a forgotten sector of the solar system. They soon discover the colony is populated by a mysterious and sinister cult, hell-bent on dark plans for Earth. The crew's hope of sanctuary on Somnus soon turns to peril, as they fight for their own survival against the colonists, and humanity's ultimate fate. Terrifying truths about the end of life on Earth soon force the captain to face up to his personal torment leading to a climatic and exciting conclusion. THE MAN WHO WAS THURSDAY is inspired by the existentialist novel of the same name by G.K. Chesterton (1908). The novel is considered a metaphysical thriller, and our film could be considered the same, though it also can be thought of in more classical cinematic terms a psychological and supernatural thriller. Horror film about an incident at a secluded resort that takes place over the course of one night. The Tokak is a vengeful spirit from Sungai Raya who has possessed a man named Iskandar, owner of the resort. In order for Iskandar to return to a human, he has to murder and drink the blood of six women who have sinned with lust in one night. A young woman named Wren finds herself lost in the desert after she and her two druggy friends flip their jeep in a remote part of Mexico. In their attempt to reach the nearest town by way of the desert, a symbolic journey unfolds as Wren begins to hallucinate, envisioning Death is stalking her in various forms: as a demon and an enchantress. The Earth is attacked by unknown forces. As people everywhere watch the world's great cities fall, Los Angeles becomes the last stand for mankind in a battle no one expected. It's up to a Marine staff sergeant and his new platoon to draw a line in the sand as they take on an enemy unlike any they've ever encountered before. From a snake charmer to a welder, from a weaver to an obstetrician, the inhabitants of the holy city of Varanasi are striving for survival, and transform and ennoble themselves in the process. With a tour in Afghanistan behind him, war-torn Chris Jensen struggles to assimilate back to life in California. Drifting and living out of his car, he soon discovers that few are willing to deal with the remnants of a damaged career military man. Chris is self medicating; desperate to silence the echoes from the front lines. When an opportunity finally presents itself, he makes the hard decision to employ his most coveted talents honed in special ops. A job is a job and Chris knows civilian life can be just as cut-throat as time on active duty. But just how close does he have to get to Andrew Warner to secure the kill? Satyanweshi is a 2013 Bengali mystery-thriller film directed by Rituparno Ghosh and produced by Shrikant Mohta and Mahendra Soni. This was Ghosh's last full length film as a director. Indian film director Sujoy Ghosh portrayed the character Bymomkesh Bakshi in this film. In the late 1960s there were no CCTV or crime scene DNA testing, but disposing of a dead body was still bloody murder. When a lethal assassin targets a small, seaside town, police have few leads, but soon discover that he is virtually unstoppable, with incredible skills and a vast array of weapons. With the body count rising, Detective Steve Teal decides it's time to unleash his own skills. In the heat of the summer lays a lonesome house in the countryside where nine year old twin brothers await their mother's return.  When she comes home, bandaged after cosmetic surgery, nothing is like before and the children start to doubt whether this woman is actually who she says she is. After the re-emergence of the world's first mutant, world-destroyer Apocalypse, the X-Men must unite to defeat his extinction level plan. The father of a terminally ill girl is determined to grant his daughter her last wish, a very expensive anime costume. Jake Singer is at loose ends in NYC, and neck deep in psychoanalysis with the outrageous Dr. Morales when he meets the enigmatic and beautiful widow Allegra Marshall. Daniel Raim's documentary following the history of America's first cinematographers. Following a ridiculously awful flight that leads to his pet's death, Nashawn Wade files a lawsuit against the airline, and wins a multimillion-dollar settlement. Determined to create a better flying experience, Nashawn starts his own airline, one that caters to an African-American clientele. Going into business with a tricked-out plane piloted by the smooth Capt. Mack, the airline hits a snag when it has to deal with the family of Elvis Hunkee. Someone is stealing priceless paintings from the great museums of the world and replacing them with nearly flawless forgeries. Leonardo da Vinci's "Madonna and Child" is being shipped to London's Tate Gallery for a special exhibition, and Paul Mitchell is assigned to protect it. Upon the painting's arrival, Paul realizes it has been switched. Eager to collect the museum's $50,000 reward, he teams up with Mary Mason, a Tate employee, to recover the original. Sam Tucker was just released from prison. Now, he stalks the Utah desert searching for his next victims-brutally torturing them until his bloodlust is satisfied. But in a strange twist of fate, Tucker finds that he himself is being stalked. What once was a killer's joyride is now a desperate fight for survival. Blue Family is the story, inspired by actual events, of three women kidnapped and held captive in a basement for years, fighting for freedom with immense hope and faith even when it seemed impossible. After surviving an explosion in Iraq, Mr. Thomas leaves the infuriating desk job the army had created for him and enters the underground world of the contract killer. His brother, Sam, had been caught selling on army secrets to the highest bidder and is now working for the illusive Harry Montagu. They use Mr. Thomas as a very effective way of eliminating problems they encounter in their business. That is until Mr. Thomas begins to question whom these problems are that he is removing, and why they deserve this fate. The artist created a digital nonsexual human simulator in her own shape for the first time to complete an artwork. Because of the powerful curse in the content of the work, the artist has to apply the spell to herself to avoid harming others.  This artwork is all about neurosciences, in which the artist is always interested. She makes use of the principle of the stereotactic system, the deep brain stimulation and RTMS working on the deep limbic system, in order to extend delusions, substitute into religious perspective and fugacious meditation on the material world and produce objective delusions. Following a mysterious suicide at Niagara Falls, a low-rent detective unravels a conspiracy to build a revolutionary invention by enigmatic scientist, Nikola Tesla. Meat the Jones in this humorous yet terrifying tale of a prestigious family of black cannibals. For years the Jones' have enjoyed an endless supply of "cattle" by feeding on the homeless people from the streets of Akron, Ohio. The Jones's way of life is jeopardized by their daughter Kendal who is a newly converted vegan and doesn't approve of her family's dark, twisted ways. Kendal must decide on keeping up the family tradition or helping Ed, the new-found love of her life escape the Jones's house of horrors, before he becomes their next meal. Teen stepbrothers, Danny, a wannabe entrepreneur, and Ajay, an artistic dreamer, pull off an elaborate prank--involving a lot of dildos--on the last day of school. Caught in the act, they're assigned to a summer mentor: lascivious bar owner, Tyler Lavey. When Tyler enlists the boys to make a delivery to a private party, they unwittingly stumble upon an underground society hiding some very dirty secrets. After Tyler's own niece is taken captive, he turns to proteges Danny and Ajay and former CIA agent Grandma Alice to stage one kick-ass rescue. Three detectives in the corrupt and brutal L.A. police force of the 1950s use differing methods to uncover a conspiracy behind the shotgun slayings of the patrons at an all-night diner. A Civil War veteran returns home to the quiet countryside, only to find himself embroiled in a conflict between his family and the brutish cattle rancher harassing them. 'Kaafiron Ki Namaaz' is about a recently court martialed army officer, a writer and a musician who confess their most personal secrets to each other on a rainy Christmas Eve somewhere in Srinagar, Kashmir. What begins as a dramatic discussion between the army officer and the writer in an old, abandoned hotel soon turns into a chilling meeting raising some pertinent issues. Meanwhile, the writer's camera assistant stands as a mute spectator and records everything on his camera. A group of students on a class assignment travel to the infamous Camp Blood woods in the hopes of debunking a local legend. An American TV crew gets trapped in a centuries-old web of revenge, horror, and blood, when their home improvement show is attacked by angry Eastern European villagers out to kill the show's star. A retired Marshall, who has been recently diagnosed with cancer, shares whit his old friends a story that has never been told to no one. Unable to get over the tragic loss of the love of his life, and stuck with a day job of editing adult videos, Chase meets an unlikely ally - a call girl (Valentine) who works under the various personas she has created for herself. Is Chase ready to uncover Valentine's dark secrets? Unemployed and unemployable, Tony is a sympathetic recluse with severe social problems, an addiction to VHS action films and a horrible moustache. Occasionally he snaps and murder is the result... A dedicated student at a medical college and his girlfriend become involved in bizarre experiments centering around the re-animation of dead tissue when an odd new student arrives on campus. SB-1070 will take your breath away. This motion picture depicts undocumented immigrants who go above and beyond to return in the State. After they have been deported to an unknown Island; they steal an airplane to get back in the US. An unflinching chronicle of Charles Manson, the ex-con who was able to amass a dedicated following of young people in the late 1960s. The era of peace and love was ultimately brought to its knees following his orchestration of the notorious Sharon Tate and LaBianca murders, which sent a shockwave throughout the U.S.A and the world. To this very day, Manson remains a fascinating figure in today's world and remains incarcerated... Prepare to enter the mental and depraved world of Charles Manson. GHOUL is a supernatural horror film involving the real life story of the Soviet Union's most violent serial killer, Andrei Chikatilo. Three Americans travel to the Ukraine to film a documentary about the cannibalism epidemic that swept through the country during the famine of 1932. After being lured deep into the Ukraine forest for an interview with one of the last known survivors, they quickly find themselves trapped in a supernatural hunting ground. A college student inherits a billboard sign business and inadvertently advertises her dating status while trying to sell ad space. John Rotit is a happy, content man with a loving wife. Hours later, he's a rock star shooting up heroin. And after that...he's something far more sinister. John unwillingly flashes between three parallel lives in which he knowingly exists in each. He has no clue how or why this phenomenon is occurring, only that he wants it to stop. John's judgment becomes clouded as he'll do anything he can to end his flashes and remain in the one life where he's truly happy. A couple heads out to the woods for some time away from the city.  They are confronted by a maniacal man who wants to torture them and marry the female half. A series of cryptic phone messages and visions haunt a writer while he struggles to finish a novel. As they increase in intensity, he loses his grip on reality, eventually obsessing over an old mystery that will lead to horrific revelations about both him and his loyal wife. Marc, in his 40s, is a professor of literature at the University of Lausanne. Still a bachelor -- and still living with his sister Marianne in a huge, isolated chalet that they inherited when they were very young -- he carries on one love affair after another with his students. Winter has almost ended when one of his most brilliant students, Barbara, suddenly disappears. Two days later, Marc meets Barbara's mother, Anna, who wants to find out more about her vanished daughter. Thirty-year-old, unemployed Kenji (Kaku Tomohiro) spends his days listlessly at his parent's home, which is set to be torn down any day now. He relives his childhood when a third grader out for summer vacation nails Kenji with a water balloon, and Kenji fights back. Nanna lives a lonely and regimented life in Berlin. When her life crashes she receives a phone call from her long lost love, Martin, who reminds her of their carefree childhood. Martin wants her to join him for a hike in the wilderness together with some of their mutual childhood friends. One of them, Peter (The Swede), has been told of a strange hermitic hippie-like society out in the Swedish wilderness and the group set off on an adventure unaware of the fact that once they reach their destination nothing will ever be the same again. As they are drawn deeper and deeper into the forest mysterious events start to unsettle the dynamics of the group. Reality begins to shift in ways none of them could have imagined and relations between the friends become strained and volatile. They had come looking for adventure, but nothing could have prepared them for what lies in wait... Dr. Hess Green becomes cursed by a mysterious ancient African artifact and is overwhelmed with a newfound thirst for blood. Soon after his transformation he enters into a dangerous romance with Ganja Hightower that questions the very nature of love, addiction, sex, and status. Following on the heels of the film, "Please, talk with me", comes: Surviving Evidence. This paranormal thriller is set in the present and seeks to raise as many questions in the viewers' minds as it may answer -- acting as a 'what if' exercise in regard to the relevancy, morality and application of paranormal experience in relation to free will, societal customs and what the future may hold. Ten humans on planet XT-59 paving the way trough swamp to reach Islands of Happiness.  Based on the graphic novel by James Jones, The Thin Red Line tells the story of a group of men, an Army Rifle company called C-for-Charlie, who change, suffer, and ultimately make essential discoveries about themselves during the fierce World War II battle of Guadalcanal. It follows their journey, from the surprise of an unopposed landing, through the bloody and exhausting battles that follow, to the ultimate departure of those who survived. A powerful frontline cast - including Sean Penn, Nick Nolte, Woody Harrelson and George Clooney - explodes into action in this hauntingly realistic view of military and moral chaos in the Pacific during World War II. A group of friends pays a late-night visit to the city morgue to surprise Amy (Harris) on her birthday. But the surprise is on them when the one-eyed corpse of brutal psychopath Jacob Goodnight (Jacobs) unexpectedly rises from a cold sub-basement slab. Their wild party quickly turns into a terrifying slay-fest as the sadistic mass-murderer resumes his savage rampage complete with hooks, surgical knives and power saws. In a small, run down motel in the middle of Nowhere, America, Mike, a commercial real estate broker with a hidden agenda, arrives in search of something far more valuable than this shambles of a property. Sam, the sexy young woman who owns the joint, does not have much else in the world and a guest is exciting. But with an ex Special Forces turned policeman brother constantly controlling her and her place, she is a serious obstacle in Mike's search, until she becomes a welcome and dangerous distraction. As their plans escalate and their world narrows, a shattering moment of violence will forever change their futures and reveal the truth behind Mike's arrival and Sam's motives. After the parents of Ruby and her younger brother, Rhett, are killed in a car crash, their parents' best friends, Erin and Terry Glass, become their guardians. The children hear promises of a world of opulence and California fun -- all they have to do is move into the Glasses' gated house. Before very long, though, Ruby suspects that Erin and Terry may not be the ideal guardians they seemed to be. An Orange County teenager's carefree life of ditching class and skateboarding abandoned pools comes to a screeching halt when someone close to him dies. The cops rule the death a suicide, but the bereaved skater believes he was murdered. It's up to him to solve the case, with a skateboard. A single mother and her daughter are forced to stop by a black car on the way home. When they regain consciousness, they are in a Karst cave with seven strangers. The game is to find out a killer among the nine.  When governments fail to act on behalf of captive missionaries, ex-Green Beret John James Rambo sets aside his peaceful existence along the Salween River in a war-torn region of Thailand to take action.  Although he's still haunted by violent memories of his time as a U.S. soldier during the Vietnam War, Rambo can hardly turn his back on the aid workers who so desperately need his help. A new, technologically-superior Soviet sub, the Red October, is heading for the U.S. coast under the command of Captain Marko Ramius. The American government thinks Ramius is planning to attack. A lone CIA analyst has a different idea: he thinks Ramius is planning to defect, but he has only a few hours to find him and prove it -- because the entire Russian naval and air commands are trying to find him, too. When Kanako, a model daughter and a brilliant student, disappears, her mother asks her ex-husband, a violent former policeman, to find her. As his investigation progresses, his idealized image of Kanako cracks: the girl hides a dark life that her father can not even imagine. A group of friends move into a vacation home with a sinister past in Fall River, Massachusetts. Suspicious of the home's owner, Taryn feels a strong connection to the house and finds herself at the center of one of the most deadly poltergeists in American history. A young woman returns home to care for her gravely ill grandmother, only to begin sleepwalking and envisioning spirits. Sins of Our Youth is the story of four teenagers who accidentally murder a younger boy while shooting off assault weapons recreationally and the perilous decisions they make in the wake of the murder. Nadia, an eighteen-year-old girl disappeared without a trace not having given any prior notice that she was going to do that. Her father, Svetozar goes in search of her without preconditions where he could find her. During that search he discovers the background of growing up in a big city and the world in which his daughter spends her time for which he himself had no idea that there was. After sneaking to a party with her friends, 16-year-old Amber Stevens goes missing. Forced into the world of sex trafficking, her family and community fight to get her back. Inspired by actual events. Franck and Simon are both good cops. They work as partners. But their lives take a tailspin when Simon, driving drunk, causes a tragic car wreck. A few years later, out of the police, he is forced to take matters into his own hands when his family is in danger. A parody of love, life and death follows Ricky through a series of relationships with a group of offbeat chicks and a visitor from his past -- desperate to reveal secrets that will change the lives of everyone involved. In 1989, the schizophrenic son of a serial killer is remanded to house arrest after attacking a man, but when his allegedly-slain father reappears to him and threatens to resume killing, he must grapple with the question of what is real and how he will survive. Harry, Ron and Hermione return to Hogwarts for another magic-filled year. Harry comes face to face with danger yet again, this time in the form of escaped convict, Sirius Black--and turns to sympathetic Professor Lupin for help. Two brothers develop a sexual attraction to one another amid the unkind world around them. A man begins to suspect that his long-distance girlfriend, whom he met online but has never met in person, has been living in the same city the whole time and sets out to find her. An unlikely friendship if forged when a small-time drug dealer and a neglected nine-year-old girl are forced to go on the run together. Nazis take over Ontario in this contemporary political thriller. Hoping to find proof of the paranormal, five film students set out to document the legendary Copper Queen Hospital. But as the sun goes down, they experience something far worse than they ever could have imagined and they find themselves pursued by a blood thirsty maniac Come in. Have a drink. DIE. When Bobby accidentally kills his wife before a get together at their home, he stops at nothing to hide the evidence from the arriving guests, even if it means murder. Though no one can see him, Hollow Face lurks in the corners, desperately desiring love but only knowing how to spread fear and hate. He creeps into the life of John Farrow after Farrow's beloved 13-year-old daughter Mia is assaulted in their home. The line between the real and the imaginary blurs as fissures start to open within the family unit. It seems that no security measure can keep Hollow Face out.  Law was a chauffeur for the rural tycoon Luk, and he was jailed for killing a major land owner in a car accident. It was rumored that Luk was behind the land owner's death, which gave Luk a competitive edge in the native apartment development deal. When Law gets out of prison five years later, the world has changed. Luk's corporation has grown more powerful, while Luk's right-hand man Keung has his own agenda to pursue. But things take a surprising turn.  With the help of Law's prison mate and computer whiz Joe, Law drugs Sean and his brothers in the drinks, then modify their mobile phones for wiretapping,  Joe gets acquainted with the materialistic single mom Eva, who turns out to have a dark history with both Law and Keung. Through the eavesdropping, Law realizes Keung's ultimate plan, which may change Hong Kong's land development forever. When Lori Reimuller learns that her young son Robbie has epilepsy, she first trusts the judgment of the hospital staff in how best to bring it under control. As Robbie's health slides radically downhill, however, she becomes frustrated and desperate, and so does her own research into the existing literature on treatments. When she decides to try an alternative treatment called the Ketogenic Diet, devised long ago by a doctor from Johns Hopkins, she is met with narrow-minded resistance from Robbie's doctor, who is prepared to take legal action to prevent Lori from removing him from the hospital. Troubled psychotherapist Peter Bowers is suffering from nightmares and eerie visions. When he uncovers a horrifying secret that all of his patients share, he is put on a course that takes him back to the small hometown he fled years ago. There he confronts his demons and unravels a mystery 20 years in the making. A group of hikers lost on the Appalachian Trail stumble across an ancient secret that threatens their survival. Headrush is a crime comedy about two disillusioned youths, struggling through a haze of cannabis, who hope to solve all their problems by smuggling a consignement of drugs for a local gangster. It's set in the present day in Dublin, Ireland against the backdrop of the end of the Celtic Tiger: the bursting of the bubble of this economy boom that's supposed to have done wonders for us all. A female IPS officer is fighting against corruption and corrupt people. Lee and Sol are hiding out on a beach in Southern India living a slacker life of sex, drugs and parties. Trouble comes to paradise when Vix, a beautiful girl from Lee's past, turns up. Things get worse when Lee accidentally kills a holy cow and the gang find themselves up against crooked cops, local hoodlums, gangsters.... and mysticism. How far do you have to go to get away? In this anime anthology, a salvage ship crew happens upon a haunted vessel in "Magnetic Rose"; a cold tablet turns a lab worker into a biological weapon in "Stink Bomb"; and an urban populace carries on an endless war with an unseen foe in "Cannon Fodder." A honeymoon retreat goes south when the newlyweds find a group of rowdy friends in THEIR cottage! Apparently the cottage is double booked and neither side willing to leave they tough it out, but in the morning things go from bad to worse... When Dr. Henry Jones Sr. suddenly goes missing while pursuing the Holy Grail, eminent archaeologist Indiana must team up with Marcus Brody, Sallah and Elsa Schneider to follow in his father's footsteps and stop the Nazis from recovering the power of eternal life. Liferaft Earth opens with a newspaper report from Hayward, California: "Sandwiched between a restaurant and supermarket, 100 anti-population protesters spent their second starving day in a plastic enclosure...The so-called Hunger Show, a week-long starve-in aimed at dramatizing man's future in an overpopulated, underfed world...." This film was made for Stewart Brand, the visionary founder of the international ecological movement and publisher of the bestselling Whole Earth Catalog (1968-85). Miss Meadows is a school teacher with impeccable manners and grace. However, underneath the candy-sweet exterior hides a ruthless gun-toting vigilante who takes it upon herself to right the wrongs in the world by whatever means necessary. For Miss Meadows, bad behavior is simply unforgivable. A member of a pickpocket gang is trying to escape from the jail his life has become. Light in the Darkroom is the story of two best friends whose faith is tested when their friends disappear during a religious pilgrimage. Two brothers barely scrape by as their father continues to gamble and drink away the money they do bring home. They hatch a plan for a robbery but at what price? A man recently released from a mental institute inherits a mansion after his parents die. After a series of disturbing events, he comes to believe it is haunted. Sophia is the perfect 17-year-old girl. She studies hard, stays out of trouble, and is a promising pianist. The only problem is that she's always been quiet and keeps to herself, so when she strikes up a friendship with Grace, the new girl in school, her parents are happy for her. Unfortunately it's not long before Grace starts showing signs of being possessive. Then, when she tries to destroy Sophia's family and seduce her would-be boyfriend, Sophia can't help but wonder if she's befriended the wrong girl. Now, Sophia must uncover Grace's secret past and learn the truth about her new friend before it's too late. In Okinawa, a down-and-out middle-aged yakuza underling named Shidara kidnaps and confines a high school girl named Yui, the daughter of a fellow yakuza's mistress. An American journalist in Prague searches for his girlfriend who has suddenly disappeared. When South Carolina closed its dams the striped bass origanally an ocean fish became landlocked and unable to go to saltwater. After several years, fishermen and biologists realized the fish were thriving and reproducing incredibly for the first time ever in freshwater.  A girl wakes up in a desert hotel. She can't get out. She can't see outside. But she has sufficient supplies of food and water. She'll have to adapt to live in solitude, alone with herself and her obsessions... Simon, a burglar on probation, agreed to go on the biggest shot of his life: The flight of the "Florentine", a mythical diamond set auction by its owners. To succeed, he must approach Julia, expert diamond for sale which is a considerable personal and family issue. Beyond a jigsaw particularly daring, Julia Simon will lead to a destiny she could not imagine. A young couple looking to rekindle a damaged relationship retreat to the remote Scottish Highlands. They are haunted by their past, their surroundings and each other. Three family members head deep into the woods for a hunting trip that doubles as a distraction from their troubles at home. When all of their gear is stolen, they turn on each other, but soon realize there are much more treacherous forces at work. An alien creature stalks human prey. The hero of this perverse comedy is Jerzy, a completely incurable romantic, who finds the love of his life in the voice coming from the navigation system in his car. Jerzy is a gadget-head, and loves all kinds of electronic devices - he gives them names, and then talks to them. This makes him fall in love with Carmen - the voice from his car-navigation system. A group of archaeologists uncover a strange structure in Northern Canada, dating over ten thousand years before the present. The team finds themselves isolated when their communication systems fail and it's not long before they begin to feel the effects of the solitude. When car trouble strands track star Reagan Farrow in the Florida boondocks, she accepts an offer of help from a pair of charming strangers only to find herself trapped in a brutal backwoods nightmare. Held captive in an isolated cabin, Reagan manages to escape and take refuge in the forest. Relentlessly pursued by the savage sociopaths who kidnapped her, Reagan will need all of her inner strength and resourcefulness in order to survive in this gripping thriller. Denmark, 2014. A former police officer asks Carl Morck, head of Department Q, to find out who brutally killed his young twins in 1994. Although a local inhabitant confessed and was convicted of murder, Carl and his partner Assad soon realize that there is something in the case resolution that is terribly wrong. A stunning example of a chance meeting at a book signing, evolving into a set of events leading to murder - after murder - after murder! Kevin, a newly successful author, crosses path with a manipulative and seductive young woman, Summer, and her unsavory associates. A simple indiscretion quickly becomes a web of kidnapping, blackmail, and cold-blooded killings; the characters range from being naive to conniving, leading an audience wondering who the real victim is in this sordid one-night-stand. Soyan is a computer prodigy that works for a company he previously hacked. This online security firm runs covert activities for high-profile clients around the world. Loise is a cyber-detective who investigates war crimes for a human rights organization. She is obsessed with the truth. Loise and Soyan meet on a rooftop and bond together through a virtual chess game. But Soyan's employer, Russel Belial, has asked him to protect the same arms-dealer that Loise is determined to help to capture. What is Soyan's real goal? Who will call the game now? Loise and Soyan embark upon an intense but dangerous romance. After being in a virtual world, will Soyan and Loise risk everything for true love? In Madrid seven candidates report for a job interview that uses "the Gronholm method" of selection, as protestors rise up in public protest in the street over the IMF-World Bank Summit attempting globalisation of workers' unions. The story of a poor young woman, separated by prejudice from her husband and baby, is interwoven with tales of intolerance from throughout history. A brilliant doctor on a quest for revenge buys a young woman and trains her to be the ultimate assassin, implanting gun parts in her body that she must later assemble and use to kill her target before she bleeds to death. While sorting her dead grandmother's affairs, a young woman boards in a southern mansion and soon discovers the matriarch may desire more than just her company. Embryo: Vagabunden Karawane I Am Evangeline explores issues of adoption and belonging through the story of a runaway clone. The main character is Evangeline, a clone manufactured for a rich man's pleasure but with a limited life span, and who takes on the hostile city as she searches for the cure to make her fully human. In doing so she is forced to confront issues of identity and kin. Chaarulatha (also spelled as Charulatha) is a 2012 Indian horror film simultaneously made in Kannada and Tamil languages. The film was directed by Pon Kumaran, a former associate to K. Bhagyaraj and K. S. Ravikumar, and features Priyamani in the lead role. The film was an adaptation of the Thai horror film Alone. Sundar C Babu composed the film's music.] The film's story is about conjoined twins. Produced by Global One Studios and distributed by Hansraj Saxena's Sax Pictures, Charulatha released on 21 September 2012 with dubbed Malayalam and Telugu versions with the same title. An actress dies. A reporter then investigates the case and a female prosecutor seeks justice. In order to reveal the truth behind the actress's death, the reporter and the female prosecutor begin to fight against a power group. A debauched Hollywood movie actor tries to piece together one wild night in Miami years earlier which remains a drug-induced blur, and soon finds out that some questions about his past are best left unanswered. A movie about Geena who is always bullied by the villagers because of his character, which is soft and feminine. His grandmother is the only person who understand him and encourage him to overcome the difficulties that he facing.  Unfortunately Geena was burnt to death and no one knows who did that to Geena. At the same time, Hakim, who stays at the same village starts to see ghosts. Curious about what is actually happening, Hakim's sister decides to investigate the connection between Geena and her brother. After the incident when ADAM hit a girl named Melati with his car, Adam and his family decided to take care of her. Melati wakes up the day after but she cannot remember a thing except her name.  Seri feels threatened by Melati's presence because Seri been dreaming to make Adam her husband. A policeman investigates a series of murders in Murano. A mysterious man, Dean, returns to his hometown of Grimsby after many years abroad in the Army. His arrival is met with animosity, particularly from his father, an avid pigeon racer. Dean is drawn back to confront his demons, and confess a secret to a childhood friend, Jess, only to discover she has been struggling since the untimely death of her husband. Whilst attempting to raise her child and battling a crumbling economy and dearth of opportunities, she is pulled into a harsh underworld. Dean must help her, throw her a lifeline, but the situation only darkens. When their lives are threatened he will do all it takes to make sure she is safe. A group of Mexican emigrants attempts to cross the Mexican-US border. What begins as a hopeful journey becomes a harrowing, bloody and primal fight for survival when a deranged, rifle-toting vigilante and his loyal Belgian Malinois dog chase the group of unarmed men and women through the treacherous borderland. In the harsh, unforgiving desert terrain, the odds are stacked firmly against them as they discover there's nowhere to hide from the unrelenting, merciless killer. The effects of sea level rise and erosion on coast lines. Mishawr Rohoshyo, a thriller, is The Egyptian Mystery to be solved by detective Raja Roy Chowdhury to unearth an Egyptian fortune. The all's-not-well quest takes Kakababu and Santu into a bumpy ride which finally ends at the baffling Egyptian tombs. Rachel, a rookie cop, is about to begin her first night shift in a neglected police station in a Scottish, backwater town. The kind of place where the tide has gone out and stranded a motley bunch of the aimless, the forgotten, the bitter-and-twisted who all think that, really, they deserve to be somewhere else. They all think they're there by accident and that, with a little luck, life is going to get better. Wrong, on both counts. Six is about to arrive - and All Hell Will Break Loose!  Detective Ben Walls finds himself in a modern day Dante world, passing back and forth between the present and the future. Surrounded by the residents seeking redemption, Ben is left with the task to find a way out. Irina keeps under her childhood memories the death of his mother. Leonel, an angry and violent father.  Both of them start a relationship, but he begins to cheat, so Irina hires a detective. David has lost his girlfriend and his mind. Capps Crossing is his only refuge. When six hikers make the mistake of choosing Capps Crossing to spend the weekend, David will stop at nothing to make sure they never come back. An all-girl gang tangles with rival gangs and an evil prison guard but their biggest challenge is sticking together. Driven by the feelings of shame and hopelessness a man joins to the nearly 100.000 other Japanese who vanish without a trace each year A dark fairy tale about a gang of five children trying to survive the horrific violence of the cartels and the ghosts created every day by the drug war. In the wilderness of British Columbia, two hunters are tracked and viciously murdered by Aaron Hallum. A former Special Operations instructor is approached and asked to apprehend Hallum--his former student--who has 'gone rogue' after suffering severe battle stress from his time in Kosovo. A sequel to the underground hit, Junkbucket, Junk Bonds picks up a year later as Junkbucket has found himself a family of phallic cannibals to join him in his quest to castrate most of Western Washington. When an angry teenager discovers a close friend has been killed, grief jeopardizes his future and he finds himself engulfed in danger. When her husband keels over from a stroke, Raynelle Slocumb calls the entire clan together to remember their dearly departed. Family tensions reach a comedic boil as the wildly dysfunctional Slocumbs squabble and fight their way to the funeral.  When his fiancee is kidnapped by human traffickers, Roman and his ex-military brothers set out to track her down and save her before it is too late. Along the way, Roman teams up with Avery, a cop investigating human trafficking and fighting the corrupt bureaucracy that has harmful intentions. For years, we have tried to harness the power of the human mind... and failed. Now, one breakthrough will change everything. Beyond technology. Beyond humanity. Beyond control. David, Ryan, and Jordan hope the telepathy invention will solve all their problems, but the bleeding-edge technology opens a Pandora's box of new dangers, as the team discovers that when they open their minds, there is nowhere to hide their thoughts. After fighting his way through an apartment building populated by an army of dangerous criminals and escaping with his life, SWAT team member Rama goes undercover, joining a powerful Indonesian crime syndicate to protect his family and uncover corrupt members of his own force. Karthik (Arjun) discovers that his wife Priya (Neelam) is having an affair and follows her to a hotel. He books a room very next to hers and tells his close friend Madhav (Gibran) of his intention to commit suicide. But little does he know that it is Madhav who is Priya's secret lover! On the edge of a crumbling city, 11-year-old Alexander lives in a sequestered commune alongside other children, their mothers, and charismatic leader, Gregori. Gregori teaches the children how to raise livestock, grow vegetables, work as a community - and how to kill. With the birth of a new baby brother weighing on his mind, Alexander begins to question Gregori's overpowering influence on the children and their training to become assassins. Threatened by his increasing unwillingness to fall in line, Gregori's behavior turns erratic and adversarial toward the child he once considered a son. With the two set dangerously at odds and the commune's way of life disintegrating, the residents fear a violent resolution is at hand. When Jodie goes missing, her parents are left behind to pick up the pieces. They frantically try every option to get her to come home, or for her kidnappers to release her. While they search the mortuaries looking for clues, a private investigator discovers a murky world and a terrible secret everyone wants to keep. Nick cannot stop obsessing over his ex-girlfriend, Tris, until Tris' friend Norah suddenly shows interest in him at a club. Thus beings an odd night filled with ups and downs as the two keep running into Tris and her new boyfriend while searching for Norah's drunken friend, Caroline, with help from Nick's band mates. As the night winds down, the two have to figure out what they want from each other.  A group of college students travel to a small Texas town to research the Legend of Blood Lake, an obscure folktale forged by events surrounding the horrible massacre of a Comanche village. Officer Rod Davis becomes embedded undercover when a cartel starts bringing drugs into the city through fish shipments. He soon finds himself and his city under siege when a scientist accidentally creates mutant fish people with a poisonous bite. It's up to the rookie cop and a sexy lab assistant to find the drug stash and destroy the crime lord controlling the mutant monsters, but it turns personal when Rod's sister is kidnapped. Are they fighting giant mutant fish monsters just for the halibut? See the badge, bass, and ass in a horror-comedy that you won't want to throw back... because it's the "Catch of the Day."  In a no holds barred documentary, acclaimed journalist Vicky O'Neil sets out on a quest to uncover the truth behind the murder of small town sweetheart Ally Andrews. What she uncovers, leads her down a dark and twisted rabbit hole into the world of superheroes where she gets the chance of a lifetime, an exclusive interview with Charge, the world's Last Superhero. As he chronicles his mysterious origins and bloody career, Vicky begins to wonder, is he still the hero the world remembers, or has he become the villain we all should fear? A police task force traps an online predator, only to discover that the depth of his crimes goes far beyond anything they had anticipated. Two young friends from New York travel to Barcelona to get over the break up of one of them. But things won't go as expected and they will end up trapped in a house where they will have to fight an evil girl and the evil inside them. Into an era seething with war and revolution, a man comes with an incredible power to heal a nation...or destroy it. Based on the true story of one of the most powerful and mysterious figures in Russian history. Handsome Stranger has agreed to escort Charming Jones to collect her inheritance from her father. But Avery Jones wants the money, and hires notorious outlaw Cactus Jack to ambush Charming. However, Cactus Jack is not very good at robbing people. Hallam's talent for spying on people reveals his darkest fears-and his most peculiar desires. Driven to expose the true cause of his mother's death, he instead finds himself searching the rooftops of the city for love. Christmas wishes come true for Lobo, whose favorite cousin arrives for a surprise visit, and for Glorb, who wishes he could be everywhere at once! Malini, a docile nurse, is forced to move into her boyfriend Varun's house, where she is raped -- twice -- by his boss, and also sent to prison on false charges. When she comes to know who the person behind her predicament is, she plans revenge. A once-abused woman devotes herself to ridding victims of their domestic abusers while hunting down the one she must kill to be truly free. Sebastien Nicolas is a reclusive realtor leading a double life - in his spare time he creates complex disguises based on acquaintances. Combined with minutely studied and rehearsed impersonations, Sebastien can disappear completely into other people's lives. Things spiral out of control after he impersonates the wrong man. A group of sorority sisters spend their leadership weekend fighting for their lives in a remote mountain cabin. A young rich orphan loses his fiancee to voodoo doll mischief on the part of his housekeeper who is jealous of his attentions. He digs his girlfriend up, cleans her out, stuffs her, and puts her in bed at the mansion. Following this, he tries out and disposes of a series of young maidens, trying to find the right replacement for her, and the disapproving housekeeper helps him with the disposals. A suicide pact and a love triangle, framed in betrayal and perversion. Set in the aftermath of an oppressive class war, a pregnant officer aboard an escape pod must struggle to survive with her remaining crew when a mysterious and vicious life form attacks, determined to become the dominant species. Whether you love him or hate him, there is no question that George W. Bush is one of the most controversial public figures in recent memory. W takes viewers through Bush's eventful life -- his struggles and triumphs, how he found both his wife and his faith, and of course the critical days leading up to Bush's decision to invade Iraq. Two young women confront a changing dynamic when one gets engaged to be married and the other claims to receive a cryptic message from a mysterious, supernatural stranger. The video documents an intervention undertaken by Hiwa K and group of local activists on April 25th 2011 in Sarai Azadi Square- Slemani/ Nother Iraq, after two months of the civil protest. The international media have never properly covered the protest, which was finally brutally smashed by actual armed force and numerous threats by the local government. A young man spends his vacation at his estranged aunt's secluded country home, soon discovering that she has imprisoned her daughter under suspicion of a dangerous mental illness. Film starring Shweta Bhardwaj, Gulshan Grover and Adi Irani Jack is a young boy of 5 years old who has lived all his life in one room. He believes everything within it are the only real things in the world. But what will happen when his Ma suddenly tells him that there are other things outside of Room? A whistle blower attempts to reveal the secret behind a nuclear disaster that occurred during the height of the Cold War. In the Ottoman province of Hijaz during World War I, a young Bedouin boy experiences a greatly hastened coming of age as he embarks on a perilous desert journey to guide a British officer to his secret destination. Led by Major John Cafferty, a squad of US soldiers are sent on a mission,deep into the mountainous regions of Afghanistan with orders to extract a mysterious top secret package. Now they are back home in a military hospital because they have no memory of what happened to them, or even who they are. In time, they start to recall the strange events that occurred: apparitions that appeared, luring some of them to their deaths and readings of a powerful electromagnetic energy from a strange unearthly power source. But there is no time to dwell on the past, they need to face the bitter truth about how they ended up in Afghanistan to begin with and the betrayals that wiped out their minds and nearly destroyed their lives. Villainous Gru lives up to his reputation as a despicable, deplorable and downright unlikable guy when he hatches a plan to steal the moon from the sky. But he has a tough time staying on task after three orphans land in his care. J.D. Flitner arrives in Asuncion to strike a deal with crime lord Brasiguayo to grow marijuana on land he owns. Things take a dark turn for J.D. when Brasiguayo's lieutenant plans a coup during a trip through the streets. George Banks is an ordinary, middle-class man whose 21 year-old daughter Annie has decided to marry a man from an upper-class family, but George can't think of what life would be like without his daughter. He becomes slightly insane, but his wife tries to make him happy for Annie, but when the wedding takes place at their home and a foreign wedding planner takes over the ceremony. A group of estranged siblings must reconcile with the past when the death of their mother coincides with the appearance of an apocalyptic cult, suicidal clown, and the second coming of Christ. Following the dealings of a Melbourne-based hitman Ray as seen through the eyes of his ex-neighbour and friend Max, an Italian film student. Max and his camera witness Ray's work life as it unfolds from day to day, giving an insight into a world we rarely see, and at the same time developing an unusual friendship with his subject. Alex, an immigrant from Ukraine comes to Canada and becomes involved with an online criminal organization called Darkweb. What starts off as a way to help his parents financially, soon becomes a personal vendetta against the entire banking system, when his mother is fired from her job at the bank Airi (Nanami Sakuraba) is a high school student. On the way home from school, Airi is kidnapped by someone. Then, 9 more high school students are all kidnapped like Airi. Those kidnapped students are forced to participate in Jinroh Game, with their lives at stake. It's no secret that people from the big city look at northern Florida as a backwaters filled with unpredictable and somewhat scary "rednecks" packed into beat-up pickups drinking moonshine. That's exactly how a New York modeling agent and his hot new client feel when their car breaks down in the middle of nowhere, miles away from everything but a strange rundown motel and a dive bar ruled by loads of leering locals and a scary alligator hunter. In the suburbs of the city a 7-years old boy disappears. After months of fruitless searches the boy's older sister decides to take the deal over. She is confident that she knows who kidnapped her brother. Is this enough to justify a terrible revenge? In the mountains of Pakistan, a mother and her ten-year-old daughter flee their home on the eve of the girl's marriage to a tribal leader. A deadly hunt for them begins. When 18-year-old Sam begins a no-strings-attached summer fling with uninhibited older woman Mary, it seems like the perfect relationship. But after Mary begins using him to make her uptight police officer husband John jealous, he becomes an unwilling pawn in a dangerous emotional game. Can Sam avoid John's wrath, or will he pay the ultimate price for giving in to his carnal desires? An ordinary man takes revenge only to find it's made him the target of a major crime lord and his army of psychopaths and professional killers. An aspiring Romanian filmmaker obsessed with Hollywood actress Anne Hathaway goes to shocking extremes to convince Anne to star in his upcoming film. 25 year-old Dwayne McLaren, a former athlete turned auto mechanic, dreams of getting out of tiny Cut Bank, Montana the coldest town in America. But his effort to do so sets in moton a deadly series of events that change his life and the life of the town forever... Haridas is a 2013 Tamil film starring Kishore and Sneha in the lead. It is directed by G.N.R.Kumaravelan of Ninaithale Inikkum and Yuvan Yuvathi fame. Musical score is by Vijay Antony. It was released to extremely positive reviews. When a car bomb explodes on the American side of the U.S./Mexico border, Mexican drug enforcement agent Miguel Vargas begins his investigation, along with American police captain Hank Quinlan. When Vargas begins to suspect that Quinlan and his shady partner, Menzies, are planting evidence to frame an innocent man, his investigations into their possible corruption quickly put himself and his new bride, Susie, in jeopardy. A newlywed couple finds their lake-country honeymoon descend into chaos after Paul finds his wife wandering and disoriented in the middle of the night. Based on an actual incident at the University of Virginia Medical Center, this made-for-TV drama (also known as "Switched At Birth") tells the story of Sarah and Linda, two mothers who give birth on the same day in the same hospital. 18 months after the two women had contentedly gone home with the babies, a DNA test proves the infants were switched at birth by the hospital... Three years after the demise of Jurassic World, a volcanic eruption threatens the remaining dinosaurs on the isla Nublar, so Claire Dearing, the former park manager, recruits Owen Grady to help prevent the extinction of the dinosaurs once again. Having fallen in love eight years ago, a young couple finds their engagement on the rocks. As they desperately cling to the foundations of their relationship, one man knows exactly how to start the fire to burn it down. Mother and son, Diane and Michael Ireland have just completed another successful medial mission trip to Mexico. Caring for children, delivering supplies, and of course Michael's cherished time with Marisol, the love of his life. The plane arrives to take them home to Mission Air, their home in Texas, when a group of bandits attack in an effort to steal the plane. The bandits now formulate a plan to kidnap the Ireland's daughter and the crew must risk everything to save Sophie. There is a skirmish that ensues and the Irelands must rely on being protected by the armor of God in an effort to bring Sophie home. Action/Adventure that leaves you on the edge of your seat combined with faith and courage. When Alex, an infiltration expert with a secret past, accidentally reveals her identity during what should have been a routine heist, she quickly finds herself mixed up in a government conspiracy and entangled in a deadly game of cat-and-mouse with a master assassin and his team of killers.  Armed with her own set of lethal skills, Alex looks to exact revenge for her murdered friends while uncovering the truth. A recently cheated on married woman falls for a younger man who has moved in next door, but their torrid affair soon takes a dangerous turn. Political thriller about an Iraq war veteran seeking the truth about his brother's death. Madrid, June 1991. After celebrating a session of Ouija with her friends, Veronica is besieged by dangerous supernatural presences that threaten to harm her entire family. When American soldiers inadvertently steal Attila the Hun's secret riches, the wrath of the barbarian is awakened; the mummified warrior will stop at nothing to kill the intruders. A grieving affluent couple draws a visiting tennis player and thief into a savage charade where betrayal becomes its own redemption. A schizophrenic filmmaker, traumatized since childhood by the murder of his mother, writes and plots a retelling of his past staring a naive teenage girl and her friends while a creepy old man haunts them in the woods. When a secret marriage is planned between Othello, a Moorish general, and Desdemona, the daughter of Senator Brabantio, her old suitor Roderigo takes it hard. He allies himself with Iago, who has his own grudge against Othello, and the two conspire to bring Othello down. When their first plan, to have him accused of witchcraft, fails, they plant evidence intended to make him believe Desdemona is unfaithful. A young person gets hired to kill someone completely unknown, by someone equally unknown. Or is that true? Nothing is what it seems. Two families dispute a land with a land dealer. Seven moments, common situations, broken lives, encounters that, like the image in a kaleidoscope, show up and disappear. An imaginative boy who frequently makes things up witnesses a murder, but can't get his parents or the police to believe him. The only people taking him seriously are the killers - who live upstairs, know that he saw what they did, and are out to permanently silence him. When motocross and heavy metal obsessed, 13-year-old Jacob's delinquent behavior forces CPS to place his little brother Wes with his aunt, Jacob and his emotionally absent father must finally take responsibility for their actions and each other in order to bring Wes home. A mother and teen daughter believe they have at last found safe refuge from their abusive husband and father Michael. Michael, enraged by their escape, will do anything to find them. After undergoing drastic plastic surgery, he assumes a new unrecognizable identity, and the hunt for his family begins. After the death of his wife and child, an author travels to Barcelona to see his estranged brother and dying father, where he learns that his life is plagued by events that occur on 11/11/11. Kidnapped and trapped by a winter storm, this slow burn thriller follows two strangers who must outsmart an unseen killer. Three friends meeting on their reunion are being drawn into a bet to prove the presence of ghosts by a rich schoolmate unexpectedly, leading them to a journey to five different places around the world suspected to be haunted. A stagecoach full of passengers and an enigmatic gunslinger are held hostage by two outlaws on the run from the law but events take an unexpected turn when the travelers are stalked by a mythical beast that only appears on the night of a blood red moon. Forest Scientist Sonia is thrown between an international mafia gang and multinational energy enterprises as she secretly conducts research in a restricted area in the Canadian wilderness. With two disgraced police officers she unravels a worldwide conspiracy. Sonia's curiosity comes at a price. She loses everything and has to decide whether to run and hide, or to get even with her seemingly invincible opponents, turns Sonia into an avenger to find the last piece of the missing puzzle. Set in Norfolk, amidst an idyllic, brooding landscape, an innocent teenage boy and his battle-weary father live a simple life. Days are spent hunting, fishing and daydreaming. Out-of-nowhere, disrupting this tranquility, a mysterious intense figure gives the green light for the father to complete one last mission; he is a mercenary, hired to assassinate a group of revolutionaries holed-up in a remote, disused civil service outpost. A mission that threatens to destroy not just the compound but the love between a father and his son. Vatican investigators are sent to the British West Country to investigate paranormal activity, and they find the events are more disturbing than they first imagined. In this murder mystery, sexy blonde film star Irma Gladden is found dead in her car after shooting the last scene in her film, "Falling Star" at Eminent Studios. The suspects are numerous due to her free and easy lifestyle and messy romantic affairs. Among them are Grace Sibley the jealous wife of her director, Warren Sibley, her drunken actor husband, Andre Leighton, her screenwriter boyfriend, Rex Forsythe, and her first husband, Robert Worth. Also on hand to help solve the mystery are visiting reporter Bob Adair, Irma's secretary, Valerie Christine, and policemen Captain Sommers and Sergeant Delaney. A twisted new tale of terror begins for a teenage girl and her family, and revealing more mysteries of the otherworldly realm, 'The Further'. Chan, an articulate senior detective nearing the end of his career, is taking care of the daughter of a witness killed by ruthless crime lord Po. Martial arts expert Ma is set to take over as head of the crime unit, replacing Chan who wants an early retirement. Ghost Mountaineer is a feature film with some hints of horror, based on actual events in Siberia back in Soviet times. A group of Estonian students on a winter hiking trip suddenly find themselves in the middle of bloodcurdling events in a Buryatian village.  Olle, a closed off group leader disappointed in his mates, disappears in the mountains in the last day of the trip. Open-minded and adventurous Eero and the rest of the hikers are facing a situation they at first do not want to, but later can not solve. But no one is prepared for devastation seemingly conducted by the vanished group leader Olle.  In strange country and amidst strange people, the group will soon find out that past actions and vengeance do not know the thin line between life and death. Danny's father, a pioneering research scientist, has disappeared. Suspecting foul-play, Danny goes undercover at the research centre where he worked. He soon discovers that there is something sinister at work. It becomes a race against time to save himself, his father and the entire planet! What stands in his way? Gangsters, toxic hobos, shady agents, clown killers, badly dressed desperado chavs, a renegade swat team, street thugs, mad scientists, a news reporter out for blood, a town full of hatred and monster with a taste for dismemberment. Welcome to Haven Port City - It's wrong on so many levels.  On Christmas Eve, a relentlessly cheerful woman escapes from the killers hired by her husband, and embarks on a series of strange encounters. Carre is the boss of the BRB (Brigade for the Repression of Banditry). 3 years earlier, he arrested a big mobster, Kancel. Today, thanks to an extraction, Kancel kidnaps the cop. He has 96 hours to elicit a single information: know who gave him. After an unprecedented global pandemic has turned the majority of humankind into violent infected beings, Morgan, a man gifted with the ability to speak the infected's new language, leads the last survivors on a hunt for patient zero and a cure. A woman backpacking through Nicaragua tries to imagine a future beyond her failed marriage. Muse entered the studio to begin recording their sixth studio album in September 2011. Watch them making their album "The 2nd Law" Attempting to recover from a recent family trauma by escaping into the woods for a peaceful hiking trip, an ex-lawman and his young son stumble across a dangerous contract killer. Scotland, 11th century. Driven by the twisted prophecy of three witches and the ruthless ambition of his wife, warlord Macbeth, bold and brave, but also weak and hesitant, betrays his good king and his brothers in arms and sinks into the bloody mud of a path with no return, sown with crime and suspicion. Set in your average suburban town, a young girl suddenly disappears after being in contact with a strange boy on a social networking platform, and after being bullied by her former best friend. Some people in town start to get nervous as the facade of suburban perfection crumbles, lifting the shadow to reveal a monstrous intrigue and an appalling truth... A thief makes a disturbing discovery in the house where he breaks in. Later, when he returns to the same house with his partner in crime, things are no longer how he expected. Two brothers and their wives meet up at a haute-cuisine restaurant to discuss what to do about a horrific crime that their sons committed together. As the quartet debate their options, the conversation reopens old wounds between the siblings. 3 Short Stories on the lives 3 unrelated ones. WHAT IF: a story about Songyos, an IT guy who thinks he could do anything he wants with his life no matter if it's right or wrong. THE SHADOW: Mali, a mysterious woman who's never realize how happy her life would be. FAY: a hidden secret of a rock star waiting to be uncovered College students, Terry, Nancy and Gloria are on their way to a rock concert, driving through a torrential rainstorm...only to crash their car, badly injuring one of them. Seeking shelter and aid they come across a house occupied by a man-hating mother and her daughter, our trio soon wish they hadn't. Its September 1960, and with Nigeria on the verge of independence from British colonial rule, a northern Nigerian Police Detective, DAN WAZIRI, is urgently despatched by the Colonial Government to the trading post town of Akote in the Western Region of Nigeria to solve a series of female murders that have struck horror in the hearts and minds of the local community. On getting to Akote, more murders are committed, and with local tension high and volatile, Waziri has a race on his hands to solve the case before even more local women are killed. Set against the backdrop of the national celebratory mood of the impending independence, Waziri is pulled into a game of cat and mouse as he and the killer try to outwit each other... Mindless tells the story of Peter (Nicholas Vince), a senile middle aged man who's house is torn apart day after day. Is Peter a risk to himself or is something more sinister about to be unleashed? Greed, lust and anger collide and threaten to rip apart the lives of two disparate women on the run to seek refuge. Vidiyum Munn explores the darker side of life and the emotional imbalance it can create in the hearts of those who succumb to it. Two narratives clash violently in this meditative portrayal of disaffected youth set in a graveyard of abandoned mobile homes known as Sunset Edge. We follow a group of four aimless, suburban teenagers - they skateboard the park, sleep in the sun, and rummage through the decaying remains completely unaware that this is where a lonesome teen is confronting a horrific past. Day turns to night, people disappear, and the secrets of Sunset Edge are revealed in a paralyzing finale. A surfer is trying to identify the rhythm of his soul in the surrounding world. He uses travel as a tool which allows him to discover himself. When Michelle Jamieson is accepted in the medical program at the University of Minnesota, she is eager to find her own path away from her deeply religious family. But when she stay in a Minneapolis mansion belonging to her family for generations, she begins to encounter strange and unexplainable occurrences. As she is forced to investigate, what she uncovers is a world of family secrets and unspeakable evils. Richard and Rachel, a couple in the throes of infertility, try to maintain their marriage as they descend deeper and deeper into the insular world of assisted reproduction and domestic adoption. A young woman becomes trapped in her car after a hitchhiker causes her to have an automobile accident. he Bhoot of RoseVille Bengali Movie Meek, owlish Felix (George Segal) and strident, catty Doris (Barbra Streisand) live in the same apartment building. His incessant typing bothers her; her gentlemen callers bother him. Felix informs the landlord of her activities, so Doris moves in on Felix. When they both get thrown out, they move in with Barney (Robert Klein) . . . until they drive him out! That's when Felix and Doris finally decide to put theory into practice. But do opposites attract? We all want to have a family. He is the only one willing to kill to get one An obsessive prowler Jack (Jarratt)  breaks into the home of his victim Emily (Fairfax). Finding himself wounded then tied to a chair, Jack soon realises he underestimated his intended prey as the two engage in a night long tete-a-tete. Bombing case at Nichiuri TV in autumn. The Satsuki Cup, which crowns the winner of Japan's Hyakunin Isshu, is currently being filmed inside the facility. The incident results in a big commotion and, while the building is burning to ashes, the only people left inside are Hattori and Toyama Kazuha. They get rescued just in time by Conan , who rushes to the scene. Both the identity and purposes of the bomber are unknown. An exorcist comes up against an evil from his past when he uses his skills to enter the mind of a nine year old boy. When a cursed devil's charm' bracelet shows up at a sorority house on Valentine's Day, each girl tries to make a series of wishes, and each finds that unintended consequences are the primary purpose of Satan's sinister strategy. After 29-year-old Adaline recovers from a nearly lethal accident, she inexplicably stops growing older. As the years stretch on and on, Adaline keeps her secret to herself  until she meets a man who changes her life. A struggling actor is poisoned and has few hours to live. He must find out who killed him and why?  A man fights for his sanity when he finds himself trapped on a rural farm inhabited by sinister beings overseen by a mysterious caretaker. After his father is killed in an altercation with drunken thugs, Salah's world is plunged into darkness. Forced into running the family kebab shop alone, Salah struggles to manage the increasingly rowdy night life and when a fight with an angry customer goes fatally wrong, he finds himself with a dead body on his hands.  With no faith in the authorities Salah disposes of the body in the one place he knows best... the kebabs. A color remake of the Sam Fuller film, Pickup on South Street. Julian Torralba is a former movie stuntman in Almeria, Spain. He and several of his colleagues, who once made a living in American Westerns shot in Spain, now are reduced to doing stunt shows for minuscule audiences on the decaying set built for those old Westerns. Julian wrestles with dark memories of the death of his son, also a stuntman, and with estrangement from his daughter-in-law Laura and her son Carlos. Carlos, a young boy, becomes intrigued with his late father's life and runs away to join Julian and his band of has-beens. There Carlos is initiated into the rambunctious life of these hard-drinking faux cowboys. But when Laura, a powerful executive looking for a new site for a tourist resort, learns that Carlos has joined the hated Julian, she moves to destroy even this remnant of Julian's once-proud career. Julian and the cowboys decide to fight back the only way they know how.  After a devastating urban wildfire kills her boss, auditor Mercedes Lara must fight to expose a corrupt city government that fronts for an international criminal enterprise. The mystery is unraveled with found footage from a wide variety of sources. Treasury Department officials recruit a florist (Raft) to lead them to a wanted criminal (Macready); but once he gets too close, he finds he's the hunted. An Egyptian gangster, El Ott, divorced his wife, Salma, and left the family soon after his daughter, Amina, was mysteriously kidnapped and lost in Cairo. El Ott discovers that Fathi, a human and organ trafficking monster boss, has recently kidnapped street children from his neighborhood, in order to sell their organs.  In an attempt to rectify their criminal past, a once successful Hollywood starlet, turn prostitute, and a petty, misogynistic thief, set out together to solve a high profile child abduction case in San Francisco.  A genetically created Anaconda, cut in half, regenerates itself into two aggressive giant snakes, due to the Blood Orchid. After the mysterious death of their young son, a couple desperately flees to a remote lake house to escape the unrelenting haunting following them only to discover the mysterious entity is still very much a part of their lives. "Something hit us...the crew is dead...help us, please, please help us!" With these terrifying words, 22 of Hollywood's greatest stars find themselves aboard a pilotless jumbo jet headed on a collision course with destruction in the nerve chilling sequel to the greatest disaster movie ever made. Sister Jeannine Gramick is an American nun who ministers to gay and lesbian catholics. Ordered to stop her activities, the sister has refused and is attempting to take her case to the Vatican. Manuel Gonzalez a victim of human rights make an emotional journey to the past to complete the circle of life visiting his hometown Tome, in Chile. According to legend, the mansion's "blue room" is cursed--everyone who has ever spent the night in that room has met with an untimely end. The three suitors of the heroine (Gloria Stuart) wager that each can survive a night in the forbidding blue room. An abused beagle runs away from his owner. On the road, he meets young Marty Preston and follows him home. The boy immediately forms a bond with the dog and names him Shiloh. His stern father won't let him keep the dog because it belongs to Judd Travers, a local hunter. After Shiloh is mistreated again, he runs away and returns to Marty. Knowing his father will once again make him bring Shiloh back to Judd, he makes a home for the dog in an old shed up the hill from the Prestons' house and hides him from his family. His secret is soon discovered when a stray attacks the dog one night and he must turn to his father for help. After losing their home following a devastating tragedy, a father and son are forced to move to an old family cabin. Neither reacts well to being thrown into this new world. The son's attempts to relate to his father are complicated when two old friends arrive for a weekend of hunting. This trip into the forest will unearth not only buried feelings of guilt and betrayal, but also a tribe of Sasquatch that are determined to protect their land. Evan Marriott, former underwear model and star of the 2003 Fox "stunt" series Joe Millionaire, transitions to feature film roles with the direct-to-video action opus End of all Things. Marriott plays an actor questioned by the feds about a government-led scheme to obliterate the world. He decides to go one-on-one against the system to topple the plot once and for all. A teenage girl deals with her parents forgetting her birthday and a crush on her high school's heartthrob.  Two friends try to do the right thing. Seth and Nole's pal Ally has just died. As they sort through her things, they find a winning lottery ticket - unclaimed and for a massive sum. Legally, Ally's abusive ex-husband is entitled to the winnings but the boys decide to keep the ticket out of his hands. There's just one problem. The executor of Ally's estate is her sister, a stickler for rules. John, a white-collar family man, finds his life turned upside down when he hits a man on his way home from work. He takes the body home to his garage, convinced that he can cover up the accident. But before he has a chance to bury the body, the man wakes up. Mack, the victim, forms and unlikely bond with John but this bond is short lived. For 19-year-old Jay, fall should be about school, boys and weekends out at the lake. But a seemingly innocent physical encounter turns sour and gives her the inescapable sense that someone, or something, is following her. Faced with this burden, Jay and her teenage friends must find a way to escape the horror that seems to be only a few steps behind. Chris Kody, imprisoned member of the US military, is released from prison and reunited with his old team in order to pursue a renegade scientist. The catch, the scientist has developed mind control technology that can make even your friends into heartless killers.  Sean Johnson (Shadner Ifrene), is a member of a fraternity and a serial killer, who is killing members of his own fraternity who do not adhere to the fraternity's guidelines. He is dating the woman of his dreams, Christina (Khalimah Gaston), who is also a member of a sorority. When Sean feels Christina's love for her sorority doesn't match the love he has for his fraternity, he decides to kill her, but there is a bump along the way. During the process, he finds out she is pregnant and is now torn between keeping her alive or finishing the job. "I have a gift for disaster," says John Morlar (Richard Burton). Morlar is cursed with a unique telekinesis power that only seems to cause disaster. A weekend camping trip turns into a fight for survival. A man buys a house only to realise that the place is haunted by a ghost that will not let him in peace. After quitting his job, a man decides to go after the one person responsible for ruining his life. A biopic drama-documentary about the 'King of Pop', that mixes real footage and new interviews with people around him (most notably his mother Katherine Jackson)  with re-enactments of times of Michael's life until his untimely death on the 25th of June in 2009. In this engrossing Sci-Fi thriller Wes Katzenberg (Keith Vinson) used to be a practicing physician who had everything until one of his medical patents went awry and killed a patient. Now he is living on the streets, claiming he has invented a time machine, all the while being investigated by an unorthodox detective for the disappearance of his wife. Unconvinced by his antics, the detective (Leonard Waldner), who's battling demons of his own, scours the dark underbelly of Los Angeles hoping to prove that Wes is guilty for the murder of his wife, Mia (Laura Aidan). Is Dr. Katzenberg really a crazy time traveler, or is it all a ploy to throw off the detective's relentless pursuit. All is revealed in the end of this mesmerizing story delivered with stunning performances from an outstanding cast Directed by John Martini. April and May are two young girls running away from the police. They have murdered, beheaded and eaten parts of their victims. A beautiful native guide splits the loyalties of two guides seeking the sky burial platforms from the Orphan Tsunami of 1700. But they found too late that she will never let them leave the forest alive. Directed by Ian Gabriel, "Four Corners" revolves around a 13-year-old chess whiz drawn into the Cape Town's well-known child-gang culture. Touted as the first film to delve into the 100-year-old war between South Africa's so-called Number gangs, the 26 and the 28, it blends the Sabela, Tsotsi-taal and Cape Afrikaans dialects and mixes established talents with non-actors and first-time thesps from schools and communities across the Cape Flats. Blood Brother takes place on he mean streets of a city in decay, where a recently released convict begins to take a murderous revenge against his childhood friends, whom he believes let him take the fall for a crime they collectively committed. As the bodies start piling up, one of the friends, now a cop, will stop at nothing to put and end to the murderous rampage and to right the many wrongs of their tragically violent past. 33 years after the infamous Rendlesham Forest UFO incident, three metal detector enthusiasts hunting for Saxon gold in the same region, capture incredible footage of UFO's whilst filming their expedition. As night falls and with their navigation equipment failing, they find themselves facing a terrifying encounter with an unforgiving alien presence. U.S forces, a marine corp, u.s army and a navy pilot who went through hell in the middle east. Only to come home to face adversity. A naive and socially repressed June hits the road with her new boyfriend, Max, on their first romantic trip down the coast. When a hitchhiker suddenly winds up dead in their RV, June can't deny the overwhelming thrill and lust for blood. A Foreign Service Officer in London tries to prevent a terrorist attack set to hit New York, but is forced to go on the run when she is framed for crimes she did not commit. A young vibrant couple battling inferiority and superiority complex witness an extraordinary scenario that changes their lives forever. When thirty-something David isn't working as a photographer at a high-street photo studio he is stressing over his love-life. Torn between his rather-too-agreeable girlfriend Lisa and the exciting but tricky Nina, he has serious decision to make. When he gets it all wrong and loses them both he has to start all over again. When Harry Poole tries out a new medication for Bipolar Disorder, he is reborn as "Edward Grey", a seductive but dangerous alter ego who dramatically takes over his life, changing the young man and those around him forever. This East Coast travelogue documents my journey from New York City to Boston as several screenings plunge me into a maelstrom of social excess and tummy filling delights.  You too can digest this banquet of artists, poets and movie-makers as this foray into fleeting fame runs its course on a highway of film oriented locales.  See the Harvard Film Archive in all its spaciousness and visit the citadel of cinema, Anthology Film Archives, before winding up in a Greenwich Village bar full of verbal beauty.  A trip for young and old who like to sit in one spot and watch someone else deal with the traffic. The Real Deal Kalima, a young foreigner just arrived in Buenos Aires, attends a job interview, without suspecting that the job is with a mysterious sect working in the human trafficking business. Grill up the carne asada, sit back and hold on as JD Films brings you the fifth release in the Dezert People Video Series. Featuring: Jesse James, Wayne Lugo, Steve Oliges, Jason McNeil, Carl Renezeder, Larry Roseler, Vildosola Racing, Camburg, Steve Sourapas, Herder Motorsports, Travis Pastrana (Subaru Rally), exclusive CORR footage and many more... A series of horrifying murders, the victims, always couples, staged in bizarre collage dioramas with cardboard cutouts and scribbled, childlike messages about the corrupting power of love. The killer's on the loose, and the FBI is looking for a truck driver. Emery Reed is a long haul trucker disillusioned with the American Dream after an accident left his wife paralyzed and took the life of their son. Newlyweds Jeff and Krissy are having the time of their lives until their car breaks down on a rural road in the middle of nowhere. When the love birds collide with the forlorn truck driver, a wild ride leaves everyone questioning the true value of love and American Romance.  In a world on the brink of collapse, Chockler receives the mysterious Lucrecia's mission to find a man named Victor, dead or alive. Little by little, he discovers a network of implications between the horse races, genetic experiments, and a series of strange and superhuman nature facts, in the deep night of the city. Bill McKay is a candidate for the U.S. Senate from California. He has no hope of winning, so he is willing to tweak the establishment. Upwardly-mobile executive Jane (Sarah Butler) uncovers evidence that that her high powered boss may have been murdered, prompting the corporation to dispatch a "crisis manager" (D.B. Sweeny) to ensure that the truth never gets out. Now, trapped in an elevator during a holiday weekend, Jane realizes that she must climb for her life to avoid taking a fatal plunge. Ashwin, an engineering college student meets a beautiful girl Bhoomika in the campus. After a few playful encounters, they fall in love. Ashwin hails from a lower middle class family and all the time he thinks of making big money in a very short time. When Bhoomika stumbles upon something big, she consults Ashwin and his friends and together they strike it rich in a very big way using an invisible chemical (A chemical when it is sprayed on anything or anyone the object or the person becomes invisible). However they are forced to be on the run after being chased by the cops. Now starts the wild goose chase with ruthless &amp; buffoonery gangsters, comic cops, bungling CBI officer and the hero and his friends playing all kinds of pranks. Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss, Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past--as well as a dogged police detective who's been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy's estranged son becomes a target, Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now, with nowhere safe to turn, Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right. A young man obsessed with body image is thrust into a world of drugs, crime, and deception. As an old Boing 747 takes off for its last red-eye flight from a small Pacific island, unusual events occur intermittently. While all the passengers are panic, the captain and the chief flight attendant try to lead the investigation. A story centered on a young woman is targeted by her family for an "honour killing" and the bounty hunter who takes the job. Miserable Marnie Strauss (17), a lonely teenage girl, lives alone with her reclusive mother, Matilda in a small town. She dreams of nothing more than to befriend the popular girl, Spencer, but the feeling is not mutual. After a cruel prank breaks her spirit, Marnie embarks on a violent rampage, exacting revenge on all who have wronged her with the help of her new friend, Crystal. An archaeologist investigating mass graves during the Iraq War wakes up in a basement, unable to remember how he got there. The man must piece together the past of the enigmatic man who brought him there -- and discover who the pregnant woman is who is being held with him -- if he has any chance to survive. In Ireland, American lawyer Ingrid Jessner and her activist partner, Paul Sullivan, struggle to uncover atrocities committed by the British government against the Northern Irish during the "Troubles." But when Sullivan is assassinated in the streets, Jessner teams up with Peter Kerrigan, a British investigator acting against the will of his own government, and struggles to uncover a conspiracy that may even implicate one of Kerrigan's colleagues. Two strangers who have met online begin to walk Scotland's West Highland Way, but are stalked by a psychopathic deer-headed killer. Who will survive? Set in the exotic terrain of the Yucatan Peninsula, NO BAD DAYS is an action/adventure film that manifests all the qualities that make for an entertaining and captivating film. The fast-pace style makes for a surprise at every turn, while the charisma and chemistry of the main characters create a romantic subplot. The story begins when evil tomb-raiders rob precious Mayan artifacts and soon face their most difficult opponent an unpredictable, rugged, ex-military operative who discovers his true self after ending 5 years in hiding. Our hero finds himself being chased through jungles, spying in underground waterways, and falling in love with an attractive, yet stubborn American woman searching for her missing mother, an archeologist who was in the wrong place at the wrong time. This gripping, action-packed, humorous tale peaks in one of the most unique and alluring tropical locations in the world, leading the two heroes on a crusade against evil forces even greater than they anticipated. The series sees Paul Pennyfeather as an inoffensive divinity student at Oxford University in the 1920s, who is wrongly dismissed for indecent exposure having been made the victim of a prank by The Bollinger Club. Four friends prank a Cabin in the Woods nightmare on their friend's honeymoon so well that it actually becomes The Cabin in the Woods horror in real life. Akiko, a young woman, comes to Vladivostok to meet Matsunaga, a young businessman she has met in Tokyo only once. Akiko finally finds Matsunaga. However, he leaves her again, warning her not to trust strangers in a foreign country. She tries to follow him, but she is attacked by thugs and dumped on the outskirts of town. Blowfly Park is a psychological thriller which follows Christian Kretschmann, a day-nursery teacher, who may have committed a violent murder. This is the film debut of choreographer Jens Ostberg. A young woman who leads a lonely, mundane existence in the real world but who has the perfect life in her lucid dreams which she can somehow control, meets a mysterious stranger who challenges her to turn her dream life into something a bit more adventurous. Then her dreams become more real than her reality and the line between the two starts to blur. Following his release from prison, an ex-fighter meets a woman who helps him put his life back together. In this tense tale of psychological terror, Vivian Miller (Young) is a young twenties woman who's serving out her jail sentence at a work release program in the Midwest. Her 90 days of probation takes her to The Cawdor Theater, a dilapidated summer stock theater run by Lawrence O'Neil (Elwes). Lawrence, a failed Broadway director, is now reduced to staging amateur productions with young parolees and raging over the mistakes from his past. Vivian's arrival in Cawdor starts a terrifying series of events that brings Lawrence's secret past to the present.  After Vivian views an old taped stage production of Macbeth, a force of evil is unleashed which soon turns its sights on her. With the help of Roddy (Welch), a local outcast, Vivian sets about trying to discover who the supernatural killer on the tape is before she becomes the next victim. When their daughter is kidnapped by experienced nappers (Bacon and Love), the Jennings' (Theron and Townsend) turn the tables on this seemingly foolproof plan. Elodie seeks the truth about the assassination of her parents. The local police give little assistance to her, accusing a vagrant homeless man, but this does not convince Elodie. With the support of her boyfriend, she meets the person who holds clues to the mystery from the beginning, a single mother named Beatrice, who lives with her baby. The late husband of Beatrice was linked to the death of Elodie's parents and this gives way to a path for Elodie and her boyfriend to follow for answers. As the plot deepens, a rift develops between Elodie and Beatrice, and the life of Beatrice's baby is threatened. Lies and the truth become commingled and the mystery unfolds in thick fog of deceit. A popular but naive country singer is elected governor of a southern state and, once in office, decides to dismantle the corrupt political machine that got him elected. Director Daniel Mann's 1961 political drama stars Susan Hayward, Dean Martin, Wilfred Hyde-White, Martin Balsam, Ralph Meeker, Connie Sawyer, William Walker, Ray Teal, Larry Gates and Kathryn Card. Da-eun lives a happy life with her single father, a man who sacrificed everything in his life for her. She loved her father very dearly. However, their relationship is about to take an unexpected turn. Da-eun becomes suspicious that her father might be a monstrous kidnapper. Even though she wants to believe in his innocence, she finds herself searching for evidence to the contrary. What is her father's true identity? And how will she deal with the burden of discovery if her suspicions are confirmed at the end of her final pursuit of the truth? Paranormal events affect a couple who have recently moved into their New York City apartment. Years after a patient killed himself under her care, a therapist finds herself reliving the case when a new patient with a similar condition asks for her help. But when her life begins spiraling out of control, she wonders if this is mere coincidence... or if there are more sinister forces at work. The story of two brothers: one who's devoted to his family, the other who's obsessed with the Manson Family. In November 2012 Rachel Kusza and her team of film makers travelled to Transylvania to document the Baciu forest. A forest with a dark history of strange occurrences, ghost sightings and countless cases of missing people. The film crew were never heard from again. After searching for the film crew for two years Howard Redman, Rachels teacher, found the crews camera buried in the snow.... UFC 36: Worlds Collide was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship at the MGM Grand Arena on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada on March 22, 2002. The main event was a Heavyweight Championship Bout between Josh Barnett and the holder, Randy Couture. After a violent encounter, Roy finds Rocky and sees something in her eyes that prompts a fateful decision. He takes her with him as he flees to Galveston, an action as ill-advised as it is inescapable. Singer and songwriter Hank Williams rises to fame in the 1940s, but alcohol abuse and infidelity take a toll on his career and marriage to fellow musician Audrey Mae Williams. Framed in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover, upstanding banker Andy Dufresne begins a new life at the Shawshank prison, where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. During his long stretch in prison, Dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named Red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope. This present day psychological thriller is about a couple named Barry and Rachel McAlister. As they struggle to balance their family and careers, their lives quickly unravel into temptation and deceit when they are faced with their son's struggles in school. Infidelity, obsession and murder result from this strained marriage. Who will survive this twisted game of survival and desperation? In a remote village in occupied Europe, the SS pursue their inhuman treatment of captured partisans in efforts to force them to betray their comrades.... while Fraulein Krast, a sadistic biologist, concentrates her efforts on the womenfolk with refined tortures and humiliation, leaving them to the mercy of a sex-crazed half-man, half-beast she has created with experimental injections.... And as advancing Allied forces approach the village, Krast herself becomes a victim of her own fiendish rituals.... A horror based psychological thriller set in an altered world where one man's perception of reality becomes distorted as his existence keeps being thrown back in time -- specifically "Monday At 11:01 A.M." Javier Falcon, Chief of the Sevilla Homicide Division, must solve two different cases in a short time. In the first case he is personally involved. An old friend of his infiltrated an Islamic terrorist cell and now the group is trying to recruit his young son for their cause. The same case hits even closer at home. A war is raging between two clans in the Russian Mafia. When an important mobster tries to defect, he gets killed in a car crash. On the scene, the police find an encrypted USB stick with highly explosive information. Then the son of Falcon's girlfriend Consuelo is kidnapped. They are contacted by both Mafia clans claiming they have the kid and wanting to get their hands on the information. And both say they will kill him if Falcon doesn't give them the stick Everyone deserves a great love story. But for seventeen-year old Simon Spier it's a little more complicated: he's yet to tell his family or friends he's gay and he doesn't know the identity of the anonymous classmate he's fallen for online. New City Hunter film set in present day Shinjuku. The story of a young mother who loses her husband in Afghanistan and struggles to raise their young daughter in his absence. In the dead of winter, Kat and Rose, two very different girls, find themselves spending winter break at their prestigious prep school. What they don't know is that Kat is being stalked by an evil entity, and their lives are about to change forever. Meanwhile, Joan, a young, troubled woman, makes her way across a frozen landscape towards the school. But why? Two Step is a fast-paced Texas thriller in which the lives of James, a directionless college dropout, and Webb, a career criminal with his back against the wall, violently collide. A hunt for easy money turns into a deadly search for a missing loved one as outsiders confront the evil forces behind a native American myth. "Asylum of Fear" follows a team of paranormal investigators as they go on one last job to a haunted mental institution where children have reportedly gone missing. While searching for evidence of what is haunting the abandoned building, they stumble upon clues that reveal what made the former head doctor snap and go on a killing spree through the halls decades earlier. Unfortunately, the more they uncover, the more they struggle to make it out of the asylum alive because something inside wants that mystery to stay dead and buried. Father and son coroners receive a mysterious unidentified corpse with no apparent cause of death. As they attempt to examine the beautiful young "Jane Doe," they discover increasingly bizarre clues that hold the key to her terrifying secrets. In a small Welsh town where people talk to themselves we meet Jim, a lonely  teenager who is given the chance to increase his popularity when a cool American kid moves in next door.  Written and directed by Craig Roberts, who also plays the lead role. Catherine Bomarzini  returns to the family castle in Italy after her father's death and gets caught in the web of a mysterious love triangle: a man who is at times repulsive, at others enchanting; and a creature of the night whose gentle eyes and touch reveal his infinitive love and devotion. With the help of Martha, her faithful childhood nanny, and the ghost of a slain young girl, Catherine discovers the medieval curse that threatens their lives and only she can dispel. Loving wife &amp; mother Sarah is abducted by intelligent and forensically aware psychopath Nigel. The family and the police are subjected to a manipulation of the reality that surrounds them. Relating to the darkest side of the human character Flowerman also connects with both a spiritual aspect and a basic drive for survival. Sci-Fi -  Steven Arabia, Robert Arensen, Audra Balewski  In a small town circa 1860 small pox takes the life of a little boy. He enters a world that will get him prepped and re-incarnated for his next life. The library is a second chance, a place to select a storybook life and be reborn. The evil darkness takes the boy into lower earth. All the corners of hell are fighting to keep him from reaching the next level. Four guardians are sent to rescue him but they only have 30 minutes. A freelance computer hacker discovers a mysterious government computer program. He breaks into the program and is thrust into a revolution. England, 1969. The fascinating Abbie and the troubled Lydia are great friends. After an unexpected tragedy occurs in the strict girls' school they attend, a mysterious epidemic of fainting breaks out that threatens the mental sanity and beliefs of the tormented people involved, both teachers and students. When a film student and her two friends go to Kern County to shoot a documentary, they stumble upon a mysterious family and learn why Pandora's box should never have been opened. At the lowest point of his life, Richie gets a call from his estranged sister, asking him to look after his nine-year old niece, Sophia, for a few hours. When Bill Sullivan spends the last night of Mr. Phil's Bar hanging out with his friends, drinking, sex and murder ensue. Last call takes on a whole new meaning.  A young teen and his misfit group of friends try to escape from a strict boarding school that holds dangerous secrets. With the Third Reich is at his peak in 1942, the Czech resistance in London plans the most ambitious military operation of WWII -  Anthropoid. Two young recruits are sent to Prague to assassinate the most ruthless Nazi leader - Reinhardt Heydrich - head of the SS, the Gestapo and the architect of the Final Solution. Inspired by a true story, the film begins with the arrest of a boy and a girl (Antonio and Elena) both in shock and stoned by a mix of drugs and alcohol. The two guys are admitted to hospital where they both confess the murder of their friend Angela. A brutal murder and devoid of logic that will lead investigators to suspect that the two killers were not alone. Investigators soon discover a reality completely unknown to them: that of Satanism. In the shadowy world of drone warfare, combat unfolds like a video game-only with real lives at stake. After six tours of duty, Air Force pilot Tom Egan now fights the Taliban from an air-conditioned bunker in the Nevada desert. But as he yearns to get back in the cockpit of a real plane and becomes increasingly troubled by the collateral damage he causes each time he pushes a button, Egan's nerves--and his relationship with his wife--begin to unravel. The Crash Reel tells the story of a sport and the risks that athletes face in reaching the pinnacle of their profession. This is Kevin Pearce's story, a celebrated snowboarder who sustained a brain injury in a trick gone wrong and who now aims, against all the odds, to get back on the snow. An orphaned brontosaurus named Littlefoot sets off in search of the legendary Great Valley. A land of lush vegetation where the dinosaurs can thrive and live in peace. Along the way he meets four other young dinosaurs, each one a different species, and they encounter several obstacles as they learn to work together in order to survive. Every man has a different recollection of the beautiful young woman who wreaked havoc on their lives during one heated night. When bank teller Zhi Hui learns she is pregnant, she steals a large sum of money to provide a secure future for her baby. After fleeing with the stolen money, Zhi Hui finds herself in a hotel room where nothing is what it seems, and a corpse in a box, a psychotic hosteller, and a mystery man add up to create a sinister puzzle. In London for the Prime Minister's funeral, Mike Banning discovers a plot to assassinate all the attending world leaders. After a failed anti-Nazi sabotage mission leaves his eleven comrades dead, a Norwegian resistance fighter finds himself fleeing the Gestapo through the snowbound reaches of Scandinavia. During a violent thunderstorm, a family is awoken by piercing shrieks which summon the dead to rise again. Their lives explode in a blood soaked fury as they battle malevolent spirits, whilst fighting to save their souls from eternal torment with... the Banshee. Mike is studying for his med school entrance exams, and wants a job that will leave him time to study. He is hired to help Mr. Pinborough, a wealthy recluse who lives in the woods, and requires constant care. Mike's job is to assist the head caregiver Robin. Soon, he is haunted by dark creatures and things hit a peak when Robin disappears. If you want to impress your dining companions in Cyprus, it's not caviar that you order, but ambelopoulia: a tiny songbird. But as this gripping doc reveals, the cost to bring such delicacies to the table is enormous. Bestselling novelist Jonathan Franzen takes a break from the world of fiction to guide us through an all too horrifying reality: tens of millions of protected migratory songbirds are illegally killed every year. Franzen, a longtime bird lover, accompanies young staffers of the Committee Against Bird Slaughter on their expeditions. With police enforcement in Southern Europe practically non-existent, they risk their lives to rescue trapped birds, and confront hostile poachers. It's a topic that proves a cultural flashpoint -- the Cypriot landowners cannot understand why a bunch of Italians can tell them what to do on their land. A fishing-boat crew takes on a dangerous commission to smuggle a group of illegal immigrants from China to Korea. Kane Hodder stars in "Abandoned in the Dark", an anthology film comprised of 4 short horror, suspense stories seamlessly connected to one another through extreme tension and gripping real life conflict. Intriguing characters find themselves in life or death situations and forced to confront their own worst fears When a former CIA operative is kidnapped by a group of terrorists, his son learns there is no plan for his father to be saved--so he launches his own rescue operation. Brian Hartley has finally found the girl of his dreams in Linda. Unfortunately, he can't convince her or himself that it's really true. When she catches him with another woman, she finally decides she's had enough and vows to never see him again. Frenzied from the loss, Brian breaks into her house to try to talk her into seeing him again, but Linda and her roommates Kim and Sharon instead bind him to the bed. Rachel and Anna return home two years after their mother's death, and find the town abandoned with their house left in disgusting disarray. When Rachel begins hallucinating about their dead mother and some ancient artifact, terrifying clues begin falling into place surrounding their family's past.  In the continuation of Popoy and Basha's love story from "One More Chance," we find the couple walking down the aisle and vowing to love each other "forever and ever." "A Second Chance" explores realities and intricacies and Popoy and Basha's married life. We find Popoy as a failed achiever, struggling to keep his business and self-esteem intact, while Basha has given up so much in her life to keep their marriage together. When the owner of a struggling used car lot is killed, it's up to the lot's hot-shot salesman to save the property from falling into the hands of the owner's ruthless brother and used-car rival. A teen faces a night of terror when three malevolent trick-or-treaters come knocking at her door. The world now knows the story of this small town massacre, seven Community Service workers and many others, on one horrendous weekend lead by officer Bob Butterfield, an old childhood tormentor of psychiatric serial killer Billy Fouls, but they don't know that you can't kill Billy. Getting ready to take a break from reality for a while, Officer Bob Butterfield agrees to one last job, a few hundred miles away, at an abandon amusement park on a private island. With two x Marines joining on the journey as Community Service Officers, no better way to keep the ten Community Service Workers in line, right? The owner of the amusement park, a cracked out clown, and his pal, "a little person", are always on premise and loves to put on a good show for the very few who find this island. The question is, will they be the ones putting on the show. "Jaffa Gate Is Ours!" screamed the headlines in 2005. Greek Orthodox Patriarch Irineos was accused of selling church property to Jewish settlers. He denied all the accusations. But for the first time in the church's 2000-year history, its leader was ousted. For 11 long years, Irineos was imprisoned in his chambers. In this first-person account, filmmaker Danae Elon unravels what really happened to the former Patriarch. With unprecedented access to the inner workings of the church, a riveting, mysterious, disturbing, and often humorous story is revealed about an unknown world within the walls of Jerusalem's Old City. Three friends are in their quarter life crisis. Seeking adventure and thrills, they spend most of their weekend nights on brothels and night clubs. One night, an unexpected incident will change their lives permanently. A man consumed by vengeance realizes the futility of his quest. Mark (a journalist from Xice Magazine) is sent to do a premier article on Steve and John (co-creators of XBus & owners of Bang-on Entertainment). They decide to take Mark on a ride that, unbeknownst to them, turns into a vicious nightmare. Caught in a revenge plot that's been brewing for years, Mark tries to escape with his life as our mysterious Beth reigns down punishment for Steve and John's past dirty deeds. What is a "just" consequence for a couple of scum-bag's?... And how far will one go to get even? Romantic and slapstick mishaps on a golf course. Sunny Holiday, an aspiring singing star, abandons his wife and young baby to set off on a nine-month tour of bleak western towns. He takes off with his road manager in a pink Chrysler in search of their own version of the American Dream: a country loving audience. A young girl sent to live with her father and his new girlfriend discovers creatures in her new home who want to claim her as one of their own. When an American husband goes missing in Mexico, his wife must uncover the truth about his past. A film producer who was adopted as a baby and sent to America, returns to her native Russia and the family farm. Once there, strange things begin to happen including the disappearance of her guide, the manifestation of ghosts (including her own!) and the appearance of another man who has been drawn to the farm for the same reasons. A naive young couple looking for work find themselves immersed in the dangerous and clandestine world of the black market organ trade. At the same time, a devoted husband has his world turned upside down when his wife falls ill with heart disease. At the end of his rope, he is shown an opportunity to save his wife, and he is just desperate enough to take it. His last ditch effort sends the new couriers on a harrowing job that will put their love to the ultimate test and leave them changed forever. A story that confronts the broken health care system in this country by showing the lengths people will go to save the ones they love. A thriller filled with classic horror elements that focuses on 3 different parties, whom all eventually cross each other's paths in a remote area of the Catskill Mountains. A group of four friends on their first camping trip together, a ghost hunter and his fiance from NYC, and a father and son who live in the woods. They all unknowingly enter into a world of hate, betrayal and revenge, fueled by events that took place involving four inmates at the King Lakes Psychiatric Hospital for the Criminally insane, back in 1978. It has been rumored that the area of the Catskills our characters travel to is haunted, and over the years, many disappearances have been reported. For 5 billion years the Earth's core has operated like a giant, nuclear reactor. Now it's overheated, melting down like a bomb that's about to explode. The earth is being ripped apart at the seams and beneath LA, pressure is building. After a mass evacuation, Calvin Crawford is one of few left, desperately searching for his fiancee, Ashley Pace, who unbeknownst to him, has been kidnapped and is being held hostage. With LA becoming more unstable by the minute, Calvin, must find a way to save Ashley and get them both to safety before the city is completely annihilated. A group of teenagers suffer a terrible accident during a joy ride and get trapped at the bottom of a ravine. Shy and reserved, Claire Decker, 30ish, is a part-time investigator for Social Services. Typically, she solves cases where senior citizens have died alone, leaving no indication of who must handle their estate. This time however, Claire is reluctantly drawn into a puzzling murder case. The local police have been unable to solve the horrific crime, or even decipher the victim's true identity. A beautiful and enigmatic young blond, known only as "The White Orchid," has been brutally murdered. As Claire is drawn deeper and more intimately into the dead woman's life, she finds herself taking dangerous chances and pushing personal and professional boundaries. As she gets closer to the truth, Claire must effectively become the charismatic "White Orchid" in order to solve the mysterious crime. A divorcee's love for her ex-husband pulls her into a deadly crime ring when he goes missing, and the local authorities refuse to search for him. A hallucinogenic summer noir cocktail spiked with suspense is concocted as the unexpected arrival of a stranger ignites an inferno of secrets and guilt, complicating the relationship between a father and his daughter. When art student Kangsheng returns to his remote hometown village with his classmates to search of ancient murals, they are witness to a fatal car accident. Kangsheng's girlfriend Wangzhi unintentionally interrupts the local witchcraft ritual for the deceased. Horrified, the group flee the scene and settle at the inn owned by Kangsheng's mother. The following day, out searching for murals, the group find instead a mysterious hand-painted sign in a cave. The surprises are only beginning. Irene and David have relationship problems after having a miscarriage. One night out Irene meets Ana an enigmatic girl who involves the couple into a love triangle. Little by little Ana pushes them to a kind of liberal community in the countryside leaded by Angel. Irene and David will fit there quickly without any suspicion of such dramatic secret they keep. An exploitative documentary crew investigate the delicate disposition of an insomniac fantasist, leading them on a surreal and threatening pursuit to unearth the mystery of his identity. Shikha Samuel (Rima Killingal) and Jayakrishnan (Vijay Babu) have eloped and made Uganda their home with the help of Advocate Firoz (Mukesh), who is practising law there. The couple is leading a happy life with a girl child of their own. Jayakrishnan is employed as a manager in a coffee shop and Shikha runs a designer boutique of her own. The tranquillity of their life is shattered when Shikha is arrested on the charges of committing two murders, one of the victim is the daughter of the local Mayor, who has pledged to keep her in jail for the rest of her life. Expecting the usual tedium that accompanies a summer in the Catskills with her family, 17-year-old Frances 'Baby' Houseman is surprised to find herself stepping into the shoes of a professional hoofer--and unexpectedly falling in love. A group of high school seniors embark on a spring break camping trip to investigate the myths they had been researching and learning from their History teacher. During their trip, they stumble on an old haunted Indian Burial ground and get more than they bargained for when some of the group start to vanish. This film showcases some of the best that Northern Michigan has to offer, along with an all-star cast. A husband-and-wife pair of retired cult deprogrammers experience marital strife when their past catches up with them. In a small town in Massachusetts, four high school girls perform a ritual in an attempt to debunk the lore of Slender Man. When one of the girls goes mysteriously missing, they begin to suspect that she is, in fact, his latest victim. An FBI agent teams with the town's veteran game tracker to investigate a murder that occurred on a Native American reservation. An evening of drunken prank calls becomes a nightmare for a pair of teenagers when a mysterious stranger turns their own game against them. Beckoning the Butcher explores the night Chris Shaw and his four friends summoned a spirit into their holiday house - then disappeared forever. Emma Woodhouse is a congenial young lady who delights in meddling in other people's affairs. She is perpetually trying to unite men and women who are utterly wrong for each other. Despite her interest in romance, Emma is clueless about her own feelings, and her relationship with gentle Mr. Knightly. Experienced New York Police Detective John Harris is sent to London to help a local task force investigate a series of gangster killings organized by a new player in town, an American.With the help of a young teen wronged by gangsters, Harris navigates London's seedy, drug-fueled underworld in order to take down its new criminal empire. The sheriff of a small town in southwest Texas must keep custody of a murderer whose brother, a powerful rancher, is trying to help him escape. After a friend is killed trying to muster support for him, he and his deputies - a disgraced drunk and a cantankerous old cripple - must find a way to hold out against the rancher's hired guns until the marshal arrives. In the meantime, matters are complicated by the presence of a young gunslinger - and a mysterious beauty who just came in on the last stagecoach. Ugramm is a 2014 Indian Kannada action thriller film directed by Prashanth Neel and produced under the banner Inkfinite Pictures with his brother Pradeep Neel as the executive producer. During a handover to the head of counter-terrorism of MI5, Harry Pearce, a terrorist escapes custody. When Harry disappears soon after, his protege is tasked with finding out what happened as an impending attack on London looms, and eventually uncovers a deadly conspiracy. The survivor of a deadly virus is given the chance to reclaim his lost life by stopping the man responsible for the disease. Geethanjali is a 1985 Tamil Indian feature film directed by K.Rangaraj. The film stars Murali, Sathyaraj and Nalini in the lead roles.  John Form has found the perfect gift for his expectant wife, Mia - a beautiful, rare vintage doll in a pure white wedding dress. But Mia's delight with Annabelle doesn't last long. On one horrific night, their home is invaded by members of a satanic cult, who violently attack the couple. Spilled blood and terror are not all they leave behind. The cultists have conjured an entity so malevolent that nothing they did will compare to the sinister conduit to the damned that is now... Annabelle. A group of hard up bounty hunters must survive the night in a desert motel against a horde of savage cartel killers. They soon realize that their fugitive, a mysterious Chinese woman, is much more than she lets on. Between 1978 and 1979, the inhabitants of the Oise are in fear of a maniac who kills several hitchhikers and escape the police. He was then dubbed "the killer of the Oise" is actually a shy young policeman who will investigate his own murder, only to lose control of the situation. When hard drugs invade a small town, local and federal law enforcement find themselves working together. Navigating the minefield of local political officials and junkie confidential informants, the team seeks to root out a sinister network of "meth" cooks and dealers threatening to change the face of Long Island's picture perfect suburban north shore. "Asleep" is an experimental documentary , shot in Super 8, about the Capelinhos volcano in the Azorean island of Faial . Bristling with equipment, two enthusiastic local access cable TV producers recruit an assistant and venture into a forest in search of the mythical and horrifying Jersey Devil. Days later, only one of the trio emerges. He becomes the prime suspect in the disappearances of the other two. However, a local filmmaker examines extensive footage found at the scene and arrives at a different conclusion. Dominik, a PhD student of the History of Art, goes to Porto Ercole, to survey the last works of great Michelangelo Caravaggio. Unexpectedly, Dominik deepens into mysterious series of criminal events. A search and rescue team are transported through deep space to a distant mining colony to save the sole survivor of a biological outbreak.  During their mission, they find a lethal weapon which is set to arrive on Earth within the hour. Based on a true story, "Dynamite: A Cautionary Tale" follows family man Max Bornstein who was a full-time dope fiend working within the underground, highly illegal pornography industry in 1968's New York City. While running books and films to delivery points and mob headquarters around the east coast, Max had the Feds on his tail. But even in the wake of a federal investigation, Max's truest worry was his wife and two young children, a family kept in the dark about Max's reality and the walls of it caving in around him. As Max battles his consuming addiction, dissolving family unit and the growing suspicion about his drug use amongst his associates, Max watches helplessly as his well-crafted reality falls to pieces, leaving him searching for the spaces in between. Horror film from Anthony M. Winson Jebin is a writer who is trying to get his work published. He comes to understand his financial status after his father's death. There is also a villa in Pondycherry that has been bequeathed to him by his dad about which he had no clue till then. His ensuing journey to the villa sets the ball rolling for interesting events that get unfurled slowly. To redeem his soul, the ghost of a killer is sent to lead a neglected teenage girl to save a group of street children from the abuse of a criminal organization. Dr. Rohini Pranab (Shobana), a doctor who runs an NGO and a shelter home for destitute girls, is targeted by human-traffickers. Her shelter home is attacked and all the children are taken. Naveen (Dhyan Sreenivasan) finds her sister kidnapped right in front of his eyes by the same gang. Filmmaker Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy investigates the biggest and most catastrophic refugee crisis in the Middle East since the Palestinian diaspora of 1948.  Carl Fredricksen spent his entire life dreaming of exploring the globe and experiencing life to its fullest. But at age 78, life seems to have passed him by, until a twist of fate (and a persistent 8-year old Wilderness Explorer named Russell) gives him a new lease on life. In the town of Cutter, most people keep to themselves. But when John comes home to find his girlfriend missing, he sneaks into his neighbor's house, finding his girlfriend and several other kidnapped people tied up in the basement. When the neighbor come home, John is forced to get out of the house alive and lead the group to safety. A young girl travels to Cairo to visit her father, and becomes unwillingly involved with a bizarre sadomasochistic cult led by the charismatic Paul Chevalier, who is a descendant of the Marquis de Sade.  After experiencing troubled dreams, a man talks with his friend in the park. Golapi Mukta Rahasya Pink Pearl is one of the precious pearl of the world. Joychand a simple service holder owned a pink pearl, which he got from his great grandfather. One day when Feluda, Topsey and Jatayu was facilitated at Sonahati for his achievement, Joychand introduced himself and told them the story of pink pearl. In the meantime, the whole story was published in newspaper and many buyers came to hime to purchase the pearl. Maganlal Meghraj to Suraj Singh everyone was interested to to purphase the pearl. In such a situation, Feluda came to support Joychand and after some hilarious incidents Feluda Comfortably manage to protect the pearl handed over to the proper buyer. Former buffalo hunter and entrepreneur Wyatt Earp arrives in the lawless cattle town of Wichita Kansas. His skill as a gun-fighter make him a perfect candidate for Marshal but he refuses the job until he feels morally obligated to bring law and order to this wild town. The story of this political thriller takes place in the 90s and follows one night of the life of the Deputy Minister Nikola and his wife Ana.  Nikola Ristanovski and Verica Nedeska star in the main roles of the couple. Firefighter Jesse Graves has to save ornithologist Jennifer and other people caught in a forest fire, which was set up by the lawyer of convicted killer Earl Shaye, who escaped from the prison with several of his inmates posing as firefighters to recover $37,000,000 in stashed loot. The police investigate the murder of a young woman whose corpse was frozen and dressed up like a doll. A young person gets hired to kill someone completely unknown, by someone equally unknown. Or is that true? Nothing is what it seems. Fabian Groys, a renowned journalist for a political news magazine, enjoys great freedom, since the stories he uncovers make for good sales. When he loses a hot story about the German army, the editor saddles him with a young female intern. Fabian hates teamwork and sticks the intern with what seems a classic tabloid story about the suicide of a man who had himself torn to shreds by a lion at the zoo. But thanks to the intern's dogged determination, signs emerge that the story Fabian was working on and the gory zoo story are actually interlinked. Is it pure coincidence? And if it isn't, how can Fabian fight a nebulous enemy? A teenage interracial couple in the 1950's rob and steal to escape the bigotry of the American South. But when things turn violent, they are forced to confront the dark secrets of their own. The relationship of a couple who meet by chance in New York City is put to the test when they encounter a life or death circumstance. Following a daring raid on a harbor drug deal, Sarah, an operative of the Black Lotus triad, is betrayed and left for dead by her associates. After several months of recovery she returns to seek revenge against the crime syndicate that attempted her murder. She soon crosses paths with Claire, a young cop with a strong sense of justice and her own reasons for pursuing the triads. The two form an unlikely partnership to track down Sarah's betrayers. With the stakes rising, the one-time gangster and former cop find themselves caught in the middle of an all out war between two crime syndicates, with both of their lives on the line. Sam Ellis is a man on the rise -- a hot-shot federal prosecutor on the cusp of a bright political future. But what was meant to be a one-time experience with an escort turns into a growing addiction -- a new demon threatening to destroy his life, family, and career. When honest ship captain Roy Glennister gets swindled out of his mine claim, he turns to saloon singer Cherry Malotte for assistance in his battle with no-good town kingpin Alexander McNamara. Erik has is own motorbike workshop in a sleepy little town. He may have the telling word 'scoundrel' tattooed onto his lower arm but he nonetheless creates an impression of a well-behaved average Joe. His relationship with his girlfriend Julia is going well and her daughter Linda is very fond of her new Dad. But then all of a sudden the mysterious Henry appears and begins following him about like a sinister shadow. The more Erik tries to shake off his diabolical guest the more Henry intrudes into his life. But then when a violent gangster named Keitel enters the fray and threatens not only Erik but Julia and Linda, Erik's seemingly ideal world begins to run off the rails. Dead bodies begin to turn up all over the city, each meeting their demise in a variety of grisly ways. All investigations begin to point the finger at deceased killer John Kramer. It's four years later, and a new group of students has been placed in Saturday detention at the infamous and prestigious Crestview Academy. When Siouxsie, sophomore 'undercrust,' crashes the party to avenge her sister's death, a Saturday detention reserved for the privileged seniors of Crestview Academy turns into a date in hell. It's not long before a naive pussycat lover, gay drug dealer, smokin' hot preacher's daughter, squeaky-clean senator's son, and the uninvited younger outsider find themselves locked-up in school with no way out, wondering who (or what) has set them up. Hilarity and suspense ensue while each 'bad kid' pits one against the other, and one by one each falls victim to absurdly gruesome 'accidents' while trying to escape. The murder of a rich man leads a private detective to Guatemala, where a seductive femme fatale pulls him into a tangled web of intrigue surrounding the priceless Mayan jade quetzal. A paranormal investigator gets more than she bargained for on a routine call. After Kelly broke up with Rick, her abusive boyfriend, her friends had a slumber party to cheer her up. As they are telling horror stories, there is a killer in the house coming for them. While researching an urban legend on feral children, three friends find themselves trapped in an abandoned high school, where they are confronted with an evil more sinister than the legend itself. Elizabeth, a voluptuous, shy and unpopular girl, is the object of ridicule at school by the cool in-crowd. Her life spirals downward after the death of her only friend, her grandmother. But she has a crush on a popular boy at school, and a deranged plan to make all her dreams come true! A team of two detectives is tasked with apprehending a crazed, online psycho who tracks down and lures victims via a popular social media site. Edgar Allan Poe's macabre masterpiece of murder and madness, re-imagined as a modern day revenge thriller.   Takahata Shun's day at high school begins just as boring as ever, but it doesn't end that way. He and his classmates find themselves forced to play children's games with deadly stakes. With no idea who is behind, the only thing Shun and other students can do is keep trying to win. The story begins with a woman traveling on a train, disoriented and with amnesia. While the protagonist, we will discover the hell that has experienced in recent months. 1967, the height of the Red Scare. Australian Prime Minister Harold Holt is embroiled in a power struggle after discovering his spymaster has illegally investigated and exposed Red sympathisers embedded within Holt's administration. Two Narcotics Detectives find themselves in an intense investigation lead by a determined Internal Affairs Detective after a child is wrongfully shot dead in a violent drug bust. A film that celebrates the aspiration of Bobby, who wants to become the number one detective in the old city area of Hyderabad. Love can be painful. Very painful. The intriguing-on-the-outside, twisted-and-tortured-on-the-inside Tara sets her sights on the unassuming guy-next-door Ray. Their innocent flirting turns into a regretful one night stand which he hopes to put behind him. Tara has different plans for their relationship. A mentally fragile man must conquer his fear of death in order to stave off a killer's advances. Luis and Elvira travel to Romania after contact an Eastern European criminal organization. Near their destination, they receive a call that requires them to change the route. They must stop in Budapest and make a collection. Everything seems simple until they discover that it's an eight-year-old girl. From this moment they will have to make the hardest decision of their lives. Stick to the plan or release the girl. Decide what they decide, someone will die. Frank Pierce leads a seemingly normal life, but when a disturbing past reemerges & something precious is taken from him, his mask of sanity loosens & unearths the urge to be violent once again. 'Kruel' - is a horror/thriller feature length movie about a psychotic killer who masquerades as an ice cream man in order to get closer to the objects of his affection. In this fifth installment, Death is just as omnipresent as ever, and is unleashed after one man's premonition saves a group of coworkers from a terrifying suspension bridge collapse. But this group of unsuspecting souls was never supposed to survive, and, in a terrifying race against time, the ill-fated group frantically tries to discover a way to escape Death's sinister agenda. When Sara wipes the dust from an old mirror she can see much more than her own reflection... A story about a madman with a movie camera. He's a narcissist, nihilist, sexual sadist and killer of innocent women. His name is Charlie and WILD IN BLUE is his world: a place of evil, violence and perversion where only his camera tells the truth. He set out to make an honest film for you - no lies whatsoever - and after the madness and all the hate, you will love him. Three novellas are connected by the character of Don Julio. The old man lives alone in a hacienda which is being absorbed by the huge Mexico City. Don Julio escapes from the surrounding reality into the world of memories. Images from the past are so strong that they reawaken his old love for aunt Cecilia and young Clotilde. Established in 1960, Tower Records was once a retail powerhouse with two hundred stores, in thirty countries, on five continents. From humble beginnings in a small-town drugstore, Tower Records eventually became the heart and soul of the music world, and a powerful force in the music industry. In 1999, Tower Records made $1 billion. In 2006, the company filed for bankruptcy. What went wrong? Everyone thinks they know what killed Tower Records: The Internet. But that's not the story. All Things Must Pass is a feature documentary film examining this iconic company's explosive trajectory, tragic demise, and legacy forged by its rebellious founder, Russ Solomon. Puthagam is an Indian Tamil film, directed by debutant Vijay Adiraj, a television actor/anchor and produced by S. Manjula for Ram Pictures Private Limited. The movie is about three youngsters whose lives turn upside down after a crucial incident.  With his business in shambles, a mounting criminal record, and a cheating wife, today is the day that Buddy Hutchins snaps. On their way back from a wild party, Arine and Nobahar cause a car accident. A mysterious stranger by the name of Toofan offers to cover the costs. This won't be the last time they'll cross his path over the course of the night. A couple of English tourists arrive at the island of Almanzora, off the Spanish Mediterranean coast, where they discover that there are no adults in a small fishing village, only some children who stare at them and smile mysteriously. In the aftermath of a mysterious High School 'incident', The school's attorney questions the only witness, a student, in hopes of protecting the school from any lawsuits. But as this student weaves his tale, it becomes clear that there is much more to this story than meets the eye. H8RZ has the intrigue of a crime thriller, while cleverly dealing with issues of H8RZ bullying, school corruption, and the darker side of teen interactions. Vine, a disillusioned demon, is forced  into a choice to save his brethren or an innocent human girl. The Dwarves, Bilbo and Gandalf have successfully escaped the Misty Mountains, and Bilbo has gained the One Ring. They all continue their journey to get their gold back from the Dragon, Smaug. Identical twin sisters, Ani and Ale, are addicted to teen-soap, 'Runyon'. Although they are drifting apart, the sisters share a love for Johnny, the James Dean-esque main character of the show. As they binge-watch 'Runyon', one twin tries to navigate her first relationship while the other manifests her ultimate fantasy. Daryl Graham (Lamman Rucker) has just moved into a Jamaica, Queens, apartment building and his neighbors, both male and female alike, can't stop talking about him. From his extreme attractiveness to his undeniable swag, Daryl is the man every woman wants and every man wants to be. Connie (Brely Evans), an unhappy wife, turns to Daryl for help losing weight, hoping to fix her marriage. But when Daryl starts making Connie feel beautiful again, she questions whether her marriage is worth saving. Benny (Robert Ri'chard), a spoiled teenager raised by a single father, looks up to Daryl. When an unexpected event occurs, Benny is left questioning everything he's ever known to be true. Krystal (Nafessa Williams), Daryl's first love, wants to make things work with her current boyfriend. Yet having Daryl back in her life sends her happy home spiraling out of control. A brutal serial killer is finally gunned down in the middle of carrying out one last heinous act of bloody murder. In the maniac's possession, a box of Guatemalan talismans, which mistakenly end up being sold as charm jewelry in Chloe's Collectables thrift shop. Soon those who bought the Worry Dolls begin to act strangely out of character and cause another rash of senseless slaughter. An ancient curse is consuming the city and pits a hardened detective against the clock to save his 8 year-old daughter's life. A psychopath uses a family's high tech security system with a ticking time bomb to terrorize them for 90 minutes demanding an answer to his question; 'WHO AM I?' Two warring groups of criminals meet to exchange hostages, each side unaware that the other harbors a deadly secret in this proof-of-concept short action film starring Zoe Bell. On one end, KYLE wants his brother back. On the other, DAVID wants to free his girlfriend. And ANNA (Zoe Bell), fueled by a history of bad blood, just wants revenge. As the standoff unfolds, everything goes south for everyone. Set in the Aokigahara Forest, a real-life place in Japan where people go to end their lives. Against this backdrop, a young American woman comes in search of her twin sister, who has mysteriously disappeared. Romero is at a crossroads.  News of his girlfriend's pregnancy has motivated him to make good of his life, but something strange is happening in his neighborhood.  The local water supply has been tainted causing people to suddenly manifest symptoms of rabid river blindness.  Romero recruits his friends Emmy and Peju to get to the bottom of the epidemic in a race against time for their own survival. What starts as a poignant medical documentary about Deborah Logan's descent into Alzheimer's disease and her daughter's struggles as caregiver degenerates into a maddening portrayal of dementia at its most frightening, as hair-raising events begin to plague the family and crew and an unspeakable malevolence threatens to tear the very fabric of sanity from them all. On the outskirts of the Civil War, a boy is sent north by a bounty hunter gang to retrieve a wanted man. Selling Isobel, a thriller based on true events, featuring the real victim in true life playing the main charter. It's about a woman who got locked in, drugged, held against her will and sold to numerous men for 3 days in an apartment in central London. It's a film about her fight for survival all the way to the gruesome end. After Jake Tilton is given a mystical "monkey's paw" talisman that grants its possessor three wishes, he finds his world turned upside down after his first two wishes result in his malevolent coworker, Tony Cobb, being resurrected from the dead. When Cobb pressures Jake into using the final wish to reunite Cobb with his son, his intimidation quickly escalates into relentless murder - forcing Jake to outwit his psychotic friend and save his remaining loved ones. A teacher struggling for inspiration travels to the most remote school in the world. It takes being so far away to understand the importance of his work... and to appreciate the value of yak dung! Jack Reacher must uncover the truth behind a major government conspiracy in order to clear his name. On the run as a fugitive from the law, Reacher uncovers a potential secret from his past that could change his life forever. The film tells the story of six friends whose mountain trek goes awfully wrong. They encounter bizarre incidents during their mountain trek. These incidents are recorded in a video recorder. The story is presented as they discovered video recording left behind by characters who have died or gone missing Six teenage friends take one last trip of the summer and camp at Big Sur, CA. They uncover a horrific truth that will destroy their friendships forever. Two men only have 21 hours to stop a war between Afghanistan and Pakistan. An Afghan militant steals a microchip containing the names of people who want to exploit Afghanistan's mineral reserves. Young Youtuber David Baker is invited by Carol, a lonely woman, to investigate supernatural occurrences in her home. But it takes a turn as he slowly uncovers that things aren't what they seem. Disgraced Top Gun fighter pilot Butch Masters leads a rogue squad in recovery of a WMD. Masters must navigate a fractured friendship, a love triangle, and must take to the skies to reclaim his military and personal honor. It's the end of the school year for a group of high school friends. Their senior prom was to be a night of elegance, rejoicing and celebrating, but when a psychotic killer hijacks their stretch limo, he is determined to have them Dead On Arrival. The teens are tortured while being held hostage, and soon turn on each other for survival. By the end, we learn that one of the teens had been keeping a secret that played a bigger role in their demise. 25 years later after the events of Samurai Cop (1991), Detective Frank Washington is forced to team up with his long estranged partner Joe Marshall to solve a series of assassinations being committed by a secret group of female vigilante killers. After the end of Apartheid, Archbishop Desmond Tutu meets with a brutal murderer seeking redemption. Business trips are trapped by multiple temptations, such as a well stocked hotel bar. But this time salesman Pastor might have overdone it a bit. He wakes up in the middle of a field without any memory at all of how he got there. Even stranger is the ugly scar on his back. But what really drives him out of his mind is that the stitches from the operation are still fresh. Has he become the victim of on organ theft? Is he missing a kidney? Pastor starts to put everything in Question; being a father, a husband, a salesman... The only thing he wants is to find out what has happened to him and nothing and nobody will stop him. Ghazal suffers her parent's recent death. She was in the car when the accident happened. Now her fiance is the only one left for her, but he can't trust Ghazal's mental health. On a star-filled night, homeless Thomas seeks warm shelter. Still grieving his late wife, ruined and desperate, he comes across a vast house with the lights on and an inviting open front door. But the next morning, the premises will not let him leave. Destiny has brought Thomas to this place and now he must survive a very personal ordeal. For what appeared a safe haven turns out to be something far more malevolent. From Arrow in The Head blogger, writer and director John Fallon, a psychological horror show tapping into fears of the mind, body and soul. A psychologist, a psychiatrist and a prison warden open up a long-closed prison, unaware that the ghost of an electrocuted convict haunts it. Based on Keigo Higashino's award-winning novel, THE DEVOTION OF SUSPECT X follows a professor (Wang Kai) assisting in a murder investigation, only to find that a longtime rival and friend (Zhang Luyi) from his early university days may be involved. Avunu, Valliddaru Ishta Paddaru! (Telugu: avunu, vaalllliddruu issttpddddaaru!, English: Yes, They Fancy Each Other!) is a 2002 Telugu film written and directed by Vamsy. It won many awards including the Andhra Pradesh State Nandi Award.[citation needed] The film's music is composed by Chakri. Bruce is a repairman tormented by a crippling sense of responsibility for his disabled wife Samantha, an ex-policewoman. Bruce's increasing hypersensitivity to the injustice suffered by his wife steers him down a dark path of vigilantism. His disintegrating mental health, paranoia and overwhelming sense of doom causes Bruce to channel his rage towards a young woman. Dr. Pavitra (Madhurima) is a psychiatrist who works in a mental hospital. Sri Krishna (Suresh Gopi) is a successful criminal lawyer. Bujji (Ajay) works under Sri Krishna. Sri Krishna and Pavitra are disciples of a godman. Pavitra has a family dispute with her brother-in-law and he dies under suspicious circumstances. Slowly a few people associated with Pavitra are killed and the needle of suspicion turns towards Pavitra. The rest of the film is all about who did it. A swift moving assortment of moving images. Filmed from a color TV monitor that was computer controlled. Two African American social scientists pose as bank robbers in an effort to understand the racial dynamics of small-town law enforcement. However, their experiment takes an unplanned turn. Fast paced and evocative, this contemporary social drama delves into concepts of love and fidelity in human relationships in view of modern liberal lifestyles, through the lives of a scientist and a news anchor. Confined to an asylum for the criminally insane for the past four years, Nica Pierce is erroneously convinced that she, not Chucky, murdered her entire family. But when her psychiatrist introduces a new therapeutic "tool" to facilitate his patients' group sessions -- an all-too-familiar "Good Guy" doll with an innocently smiling face -- a string of grisly deaths begins to plague the asylum, and Nica starts to wonder if maybe she isn't crazy after all. Meanwhile, Andy Barclay, Chucky's now all-grown-up nemesis from the first three Child's Plays, races to Nica's aid. But to save her he'll have to get past Tiffany, Chucky's long-ago bride, who will do anything, no matter how deadly or depraved, to help her beloved evil devilish doll. A series of vignettes that explore the seven deadly sins. Puriyaadha Pudhir is a 1990 Tamil film directed by K. S. Ravikumar. The film stars Rahman, Raghuvaran, Sarath Kumar and Anand Babu in lead roles. Johnny, an aspiring bodybuilder from Boston leaves behind his troubled past and heads to LA in hopes of training with his mentor from YouTube. His plans are quickly derailed by a shady porn director and a lifelong friend who is a murderous drug runner. Three couples go on a ski retreat together. However, what began as a fun trip ends in bloodshed when a blizzard strikes and leaves the six friends trapped in their cabin. A high class lady from Brazil falls into a fake kidnapping scam when she answers a stranger's phone call. Believing that one of her daughters has been kidnapped, she is guided by a terrifying voice for 12 hours through the cities of Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. After his wife is assaulted, a husband enlists the services of a vigilante group to help him settle the score. Marta, a young politically savvy and well read Italian immigrant works in a local independent bookstore. She is passionate about books and distrustful of computers. Her love of reading has made her a fixture and trusted source of information to bookstore clients.  After speaking with her, one of the bookstore regulars, Catherine, offers Marta an opportunity to work for her and make some extra money. Catherine is the proprietor of a small scale investigation agency and quickly takes Marta under her wing and molds her into a top performing asset. Each task assigned to Marta requires more and more trust on her part, until one day Catherine gives her a rather unusual assignment; very dangerous and bordering on covert. A vengeful man embarks on a murderous rampage after the kidnapping of a 7-year-old girl. When a menacing smuggler coolly insists that best-selling author Wes Wilson take a chauffeured backseat ride with him, Wilson's charmed life explodes into a world of violence and espionage, and he learns shocking truths about two women in his life. A gritty urban thriller inspired by real events, Adios Vaya Con Dios is the authentic story of two friends within the world of Chicago's Latino street gangs. A day of reckoning approaches for Rory, a rising Irish-Mexican street lieutenant for the Olmecs, when his trusted life-long friend Eloy, just released from prison, dives right back into the chaotic crucible of violence and retribution that engulfs their neighborhood. Their friendship and loyalty to each other is tested to the limit. Henry Long desperately seeks a cure for the condition that leaves him unable to feel physical pain. 25 million dollars, 8 safety deposit boxes, and months before anyone will know it's gone. But Harrison's perfect heist turns deadly when his safe-cracker, Mack, discovers their getaway pilot brutally murdered. Someone knew about the job, someone set them up. Stranded in a frozen hangar, held hostage by someone outside, loyalty turns to suspicion and friends turn to enemies. Now it's a race against time as the band of thieves try to uncover the rat and escape their troubled pasts...if they can survive the night. A documentary about a theorized gang of serial killers that has been killing young men in the United States since 1997. It's believed they have murdered upwards of 80 college-aged men and do so by drowning their victims and then dump the bodies in nearby lakes and rivers for authorities to find. The story of Mia and Luka develops from their first morning-after to watching movies and travelling together, until they move to another place, in a series of events, memories, movies, scenes and frames. A potential soccer star and his American cousin are kidnapped in Haiti and help for ransom. When their relatives are slow to pay, they have to use their wits and courage to stay alive. A World War II satire that follows a lonely German boy whose world view is turned upside down when he discovers his single mother is hiding a young Jewish girl in their attic. Aided only by his idiotic imaginary friend, Adolf Hitler, Jojo must confront his blind nationalism. Gene Reardon (Hauer) is a twice-divorced police detective who lives with his daughter. When a well-heeled local man is kidnapped, the FBI is called in, which introduces Longsworth (played by Paulina Porizkova). Longsworth happens to have been Reardon's first wife. Reardon's police reputation stinks because he botched a high-profile kidnapping case many years ago, which resulted in a baby who was never found. When ransom demands are finally heard, Reardon must try to solve the case without repeating his mistakes. A dog goes on quest to discover his purpose in life over the course of several lifetimes with multiple owners. Georgekutty lives a happy life with his wife and daughters. Things take a turn when his daughter gets indecently filmed using a hidden camera, by the son of a police inspector. In October 1983, members of ETA Lasa and Zabala disappear in Bayonne. Twelve years later, their bodies, tortured and buried in quicklime by the GAL (Anti-Terrorist Liberation Groups) are identified. Then begins a process in which the lawyer for the two families (Unax Ugalde) and his assistant try to justice and that the murderers sit on the dock. Spain, 1950s. Montse's agoraphobia keeps her locked in a sinister apartment in Madrid and her only link to reality is the little sister she lost her youth raising. But one day, a reckless young neighbor, Carlos, falls down the stairwell and drags himself to their door. Someone has entered the shrew's nest... perhaps he'll never leave. A satirical thriller about L.A.'s real estate roller coaster. Double crosses, adultery, murder, mistaken identity, and revenge ensues when a mysterious power player and his sultry wife hire a disgraced Los Angeles property broker to discreetly market and sell their Malibu villa. Inspired by a real serial killer: A disgraced detective on the trail of a serial killer and a group of student filmmakers cross paths at a Halloween fright farm in the dead of winter. In 2008, a band of young Islamic militants from Pakistan lands in Mumbai, their primary target, the iconic Taj Mahal hotel. With Indian forces unable to regain control, for 4 days the guests must battle to survive as the terrorists seek to drive them from hiding. The harrowing events that follow will come to be known as India's 9/11 and one of the most audacious terrorist attacks in history. Yet more than a tale of monsters and men, this is a story of our shared humanity at the dark crossroads to which we have now stumbled. Inspired by true events. The close-knit community of Brackenmore is harboring a secret. After the untimely death of an uncle she never knew she had, Kate (Sophie Hopkins) is forced to return to her ancestral home, a tiny rural village in the South of Ireland. Soon after her arrival she meets Tom (D.J. McGrath), a mysterious young local who helps her to rediscover her long-neglected roots and forget about the anxieties of her life in London. The longer Kate stays in Brackenmore, the more she begins to realize that the eccentricities of its self-protective residents, may be more ominous than she first thought and the secluded family estate is harboring a dark and ancient secret.  From the opening scenes of a fateful car crash to the shocking ending Brackenmore weaves its ways under your skin shifting between classic horror to the mysteries of the occult. Cinematographer Justin McCarthy keeps a steady hand as he captures the silent fear that begins to grow as Hopkins uncovers the dark horror that is Brackenmore. On his 18th birthday, Johnny finds out that he's come into an inheritance - and his family were a lot stranger than he ever knew... The lone survivor of the brutal Oakhurst Sanatorium Murders, suffers from severe post-traumatic dissociative disorder in a state run mental health facility. Budget-cuts lead to the transfer of the criminally-insane killer she escaped right to her hospital, while the true supernatural force behind the killings wants to finish what begun the night of the murders. After the death of a friend, a writer recounts a boyhood journey to find the body of a missing boy. A young backpacker is lured through the third world paradise of Thailand searching for her kidnapped best friend and unknowingly she becomes the object of a sociopath's obsession. Jack's world spirals into madness and violence after he moves into an apartment formerly occupied by a serial killer. A group of junior high school must find out the truth of their classmate's death is he was killed by someone or committed suicide. Rebellious, quick-witted Erica Vandross is a 17-year-old firecracker living with her single mom, Laurie, and her mom's new boyfriend, Bob, in L.A.'s San Fernando Valley. When Bob's mentally unbalanced son, Luke, arrives from rehab to live with the family, Erica finds her domestic and personal life overwhelmed. With Luke and her sidekicks Kala and Claudine in tow, Erica acts out by exposing a high school teacher's dark secret. Vegam is a 2014 Malayalam film starring Prathap Pothen, Vineeth Kumar, Jacob Gregory, Samskruthy Shenoy, and Shammi Thilakan in the lead roles. Vegam is a thriller film directed by K G Anil Kumar, and produced under the banner of FX4 Movie Makers. A troubled young woman takes up residence in a gothic apartment building where she must confront a terrifying evil. A crime novelist receives a vital clue to the whereabouts of his long-missing fiancee. With the world under attack by deadly creatures who hunt by sound, a teen and her family seek refuge outside the city and encounter a mysterious cult. When Scott and Kate Johansen's daughter gets into the college of her dreams it's cause for celebration. That is, until Scott and Kate learn that the scholarship they were counting on didn't come through, and they're now on the hook for tuition they can't begin to afford. With the help of their friend and neighbor Frank also in need of a major payday they decide to open an illegal casino in his suburban house, risking everything together on a Vegas-style bacchanal where money flows, inhibitions are checked at the door, and all bets are off. A beautiful young woman with a horrible secret is protected by a loving family. Parthiban, the son of the late Jayakkodi Thevar, a powerful patriarch in Theni, accidentally kills the son of Veera Thevar, while trying to save his stepbrother. Now, Veera Thevar wants to avenge his son's death by murdering Kathir. Follow the adventures of Belle, a bright young woman who finds herself in the castle of a prince who's been turned into a mysterious beast. With the help of the castle's enchanted staff, Belle soon learns the most important lesson of all -- that true beauty comes from within. Gabby's picture perfect marriage to Elliott is jeopardized when she meets Matt, a handsome younger man who ignites a fire and desire within her. Based on the New York Times best-selling novel of the same name. Susana has gathered all her friends to celebrate a very special evening: it's Toni's birthday, and for the first time he's away in Germany, but the distance is not going to stop them from celebrating together. No one suspects that after the party their lives will change forever. On his birthday, a hitman reluctantly takes on the easy task of killing a writer, only to find the job a lot more difficult than expected. Will Montgomery (Ben Foster), a U.S. Army Staff Sergeant who has returned home from Iraq, is assigned to the Army's Casualty Notification service. Montgomery is partnered with Captain Tony Stone (Woody Harrelson), to give notice to the families of fallen soldiers. The Sergeant is drawn to Olivia Pitterson (Samantha Morton), to whom he has delivered news of her husband's death. The movie is based on the two men abhay and ajay both played by Maanas whose fate take them to powerful positions in business and politics and due to a love triangle and their enmity with other powerful politicians and business men their life goes for a toss Carlos writes crime novels but since the death of his wife he has been suffering from writer's block. When his publishing company sends an assistant at his house to help him overcome this difficulty, Carlos believes he might have another shot at love. Terrified by the idea that this new opportunity might escape, he decides to keep her with him at all cost. Filmmakers James Franco and Travis Mathews re-imagine the lost 40 minutes from "Cruising" as a starting point to a broader exploration of sexual and creative freedom. The classic comic book characters created by John L. Goldwater are brought to tv in a slightly older version. Here the characters are adults returning to their high school reunion and remembering old times and romances from good old Riverdale High A movie star is being stalked by a one-night stand. After the death of his overbearing Mother, a sheltered man attempts to win the affection of a degenerate waitress by caring for her terminally ill and abusive husband. Soon all three lives begin to unravel as obsession and disease consume them all. A teen model gets lured into New York City by an model agent to discover nothing is as it seems. Two busy strangers meet when they help an elderly woman find her lost Christmas savings. Thanks to fate and Christmas magic, they also find something they were both missing: true love. When a contract killer (Steven Seagal) encounters a girl on the run from a dangerous mob boss (Vinnie Jones) with powerful political ties, running a human trafficking operation, he is torn between protecting the girl, and remaining loyal to the government agency that hired him. Drama / Foreign - A shipwrecked man finds himself on an island of miniature people. In order to save them, he must battle a powerful giant. *Subtitles not available for this feature* The spirit of a mass murderer is resurrected to seek revenge on those who wronged a small-town farmer. A determined police officer races against time to stop the killings and send the evil spirit back to where it came from. Ben and Annie are a young couple on a weekend trip to Annie's small North Carolina hometown who, after meeting a charming old friend, embark on an impromptu 'Bigfoot hunt' that threatens both their relationship and their lives. On Halloween 1997, two estranged teen skaters embark on a surreal journey through their memories, dreams and fears. A fallen angel seeks redemption for the death of a child under his protection. Set along a backdrop of a fictitious second world war at an international city in Asia. In Japan, Lieutenant Colonel Yuki (Yusuke Iseya) recommends the creation of spy training school "D Kikan". Meanwhile, Kato (Kazuya Kamenashi) is facing capital punishment for his refusal to follow a superior's order. Kato is then scouted by "D Kikan". He goes through a harsh training regiment and faces his first mission as a spy. In order to seize American ambassador Graham's confidential documents "Black Note." Kato infiltrates into an international city. A battle to gain possession of the "Black Note" ensues between Kato, a mysterious woman named Rin (Kyoko Fukada), the British Spy Agency, the Soviet Spy Agency and the radical army in Japan. Gloria Polk is a decadent writer who decided to return to writing a fiction book after 17 years of absence. One day, she decides to open her home to Carol, a young journalist who lives in his building and is married to her former husband. Excited about the opportunity, Carol realizes that Gloria has an obscure facet which meant that she had great difficulty in relating to other people over the years. In war torn Calcutta during the 1940's, Byomkesh Bakshy, fresh out of college, pits himself against an evil genius who is out to destroy the world. Feisty, flame-haired reporter, Kendall O'Dell is drawn into an evil web of conspiracy beyond anything she could have ever imagined when she accepts a position at a small newspaper in isolated Castle Valley, Arizona. In the mix is a vanished reporter, two dead teenage girls and an attractive cowboy. Kendall's life hangs in the balance as she strives to uncover the horrifying secret. A man takes over a TV station and holds a number of hostages as a political platform to awaken humanity, instead of money. It's Christmas Eve at the Timmy Time Nursery. In a savage land where zombies roam freely - Lieutenant Colonel Sawyer is armed with machine guns, body armor and courage. He is on a mission to give his family a burial at sea. To reach the coast, he must enter a quarantined infected zone and fight through hordes of bloodthirsty zombies. There he encounters a group of survivors including a young woman who is a target of both the male survivors and the ravenous zombies. To protect the last non-infected humans and complete his mission, Colonel Sawyer must face the Dead, the Damned and the Darkness. Darr @ The Mall is a spine chilling tale of one night and an encounter with the past. A Texan paranormal radio host, Ridley Kay leads a fairly ordinary existence, until a strange orphan with a tragic past comes crashing into his life. Convinced other-worldly forces are after her, Kay attempts to protect the young girl from an onslaught of deadly alien and extra-terrestrial phenomena. However, as the strange lights continue to stalk her, he discovers the world of the paranormal might be far more sinister than anyone has possibly imagined. After almost drowning in a lake, Madison finds herself bound to a life of fear. Unable to describe what happened to her during the moments she was underwater, she begins to develop hydrophobia: an abnormal fear of water. Crippled by her post trauma, Madison attempts to shut out the world but her fear intensifies and she is faced with the vision of a dark figure that haunts her day and night. After watching her struggle for one year with the phobia and visions, Madison's four friends attempt an unconventional intervention in which they accidentally open a floodgate to a dark place where none of them are safe. As Madison and her friends dive deeper into the dark history of this figure that haunts them, it reaches out and begins dragging them to a horrifying place that they can never come back from. Ex-gangster Willie Parker has betrayed his former "colleagues" and now lives in Spain where he thinks he can hide from their vengeance... Two fun-filled adventures for kids of all ages! FAST TRAINS Get on track for a fun-filled, full-steam-ahead adventure with trains of all kinds, including steam trains, diesels, trollies, and much more as you climb into the cab with your friends, Engineers Gus and Sam.  AIRPLANES Soar up into the clouds with this live-action, fun-filled video that explains the world of flying and all sorts of planes from A to Z! Join Captain Cary in the cockpit and be his co-pilot for this exciting air adventure that teaches kids all about the parts of a plane -- from the tail to the "elevator"; how air traffic controllers keep planes on track; everything from building kit planes to stunt flying to big, jumbo jets. A young woman's connection with the life force of nature. Using her taxidermy talents to "return" the animals to their natural habitat. But the true search for answers begins when she finds a roll of undeveloped film in each of the animals that she treats. A police task force traps an online predator, only to discover that the depth of his crimes goes far beyond anything they had anticipated. Room 236, starred by Wilfredo Torres, this film directed by Frank Figueroa was premiered in TV or cinema in 2015. The feature film "Room 236" was produced in USA. An ex police officer sets out to take his pound of flesh when he employs his skills to catch women who cheat on their men. Seduced by the challenge of an impossible case, the driven Dr. Carl Jung takes the unbalanced yet beautiful Sabina Spielrein as his patient. Jung's weapon is the method of his master, the renowned Sigmund Freud. Both men fall under Sabina's spell. Rachel decides to take her three year old daughter to daycare. As the days pass, the woman feels that the teacher turns too with her daughter, reaching an almost obsessive relationship. A desperate young woman, on the run from the law, takes a job at a remote desert motel. She quickly discovers the motel's patrons are rendezvousing after a large robbery. With nothing to lose, and all to gain, she hatches a plan to steal their loot. A man on the cutting edge of science becomes the first to successfully clone a person, but events unravel when the news leaks out before his team could prepare for what's to come. A spy navigates the precarious terrain of love and survival during an undercover mission in Syria. An archaeological expedition uncovers a prehistoric hominid burial site. When their team is unexpectedly attacked they are forced to take refuge in the catacombs of an unmapped cave. One by one they fall to an ancient predator. Two friends get tangled up in debt with the local mafia called The Unit. As they look for ways to pay the debt before The Unit comes to collect, they find out there in deeper waters than they thought. To Kill a Dead Man is a short film made in 1994 by the trip hop group Portishead. The film is a spy movie which revolves around an assassination and what happens afterwards. From award-winning directors Steve Balderson and Elizabeth Spear comes this special presentation of three episodes from their never before released prime-time horror-comedy series HELL TOWN. These episodes are the painstakingly remastered episodes seven, eight and nine of Season Two. Seasons One and Three were completely destroyed in a studio fire. The executives suspected arson. During the Cold War, an American scientist appears to defect to East Germany as part of a cloak and dagger mission to find the formula for a resin solution, but the plan goes awry when his fiancee, unaware of his motivation, follows him across the border. During a storm, a young couple reluctantly lets their estranged friend inside. He's soaked, bloodied, and insisting that someone is trying to kill him.?The night is soon sent off the rails, as all three must confront dark secrets in the face of a powerful threat that comes knocking.? The story is told with innovative camera work, shifting from the explicit first person POVs of each main character. Dexter, age 11, who has AIDS, and his next door neighbor Eric, a little older and much bigger, become best friends. Eric also becomes closer to Dexter's mother than to his own, who is neglectful and bigoted and violently forbids their friendship upon learning of it. Dexter and Erik start the journey to find "The Cure" they had read about in the local newspaper. Julia moves in with her fiance, David, but his ex-wife and her own haunting past join forces to rock her quiet suburban existence. Todd's disappearance from his birthday campout has nothing to do with a flesh-eating freak from a telltale campfire story but more to do with a virus signaling the start of the apocalypse! A college professor who moonlights as a forensic psychiatrist for the FBI, receives a death threat claiming he has only 88 minutes to live. Contrast is the 2009 dvd release from Nimbus Independent. Contrast shows four different skiers that have a very different style of skiing from the rest of the world. Michael Chambers has come home to Austin, Texas. To the mother who's starting a new life and the brother driven by old jealousies. To the places he remembers and the memories he can't forget. And to Rachel, the woman he married and then betrayed with his passion for gambling. Now she's together with Tommy Dundee, a man no one trifles with. He takes care of her in a way Michael never could, but there's a price for his attention and Rachel knows this. And when Michael devises a plan to get Rachel out from under Tommy's control, they become entangled in a web of intrigue, danger and desire from which no one escapes unscathed. Salim Shaheen film from Afghanistan "Balistik" tells the story of Saga, a hired killer and mafia gang member. His high risk life forces Saga his wife Salina to leave him and their son. After six years, while on a mission, Saga crosses paths with Salina, but she is now the wife of Inspector Nizam, who was Saga's best friend while they were in the orphanage. Torn between his best friend and his duty to the law, Inspector Nizam has to decide whether to pursue Saga, while Saga is ordered by his leader to kill any law enforcement officer on their trail... Troubled by his conflicting parents and haunted by the monster that dwells in his bedroom closet - Gregory must confront his demons and defeat the true evil that exists behind closed doors. Thirty-nine-year old divorce Louise Harrington (Linney) works in the admissions office at Columbia University School of the Arts. She is unnerved when she receives an application from F. Scott Feinstadt, the same name of her high school sweetheart who was killed in a car crash, and calls the student to arrange an interview. His appearance, mannerisms, and painting style closely resemble those of her former love, and she begins to suspect the young artist may be the reincarnation of her old flame. Hours after meeting, the two embark upon an affair. Also complicating Louise's life are her relationship with her ex-husband Peter , who confesses he is learning to cope with a sex addiction that, unknown to her, plagued their marriage; her ne'er-do-well brother Sammy, who is favored by their mother Ellie despite his shortcomings; and her best friend Missy, who stole the original Scott from Louise before his death and seems intent on doing the same with the contemporary version. Derek Harper, a self-loathing teen sick of his sleeping disorder, lives in a rundown apartment while working at a late-night cafe. His one and only friend, Hay Tyler, helps him find the answers to what caused his condition. A large, multinational company is badly shaken when three of its employees commit suicide. Sofia Cuevas, one of the company's top executives, is chosen to prepare an in-house report to try and shed some light on the events. American Hostage pulls back the curtains on a terrorist plot centered on a group of terrorists holding two American soldiers hostage on U.S. soil. They demand the release of all prisoners of Guantanamo Bay or they will kill the soldiers. Obsessed with her sexy roommate, Jill violently imprisons Jennifer in their apartment in a twisted attempt to bring them closer together. Renowned filmmakers D A Pennebaker and Chris Hegedus follow determined animal rights activist Steven Wise into the courtroom for an unprecedented battle that seeks to utilize the writ of habeas corpus to expand legal "personhood" to include certain animals. Wise's unusual plaintiffs--chimpanzees Tommy and Kiko, once famed showbiz stars--are now living in filth, struggling to survive. Wise and his impassioned legal team take us into the field, revealing gripping evidence of such abuse and plunging us into the intricacies of their case as they probe preconceived notions of what it means to be a non-human animal. The haunted Captain of a Soviet submarine holds the fate of the world in his hands. Forced to leave his family behind, he is charged with leading a covert mission cloaked in mystery. In Somalia, principled, young husband and father Abdi turns to piracy to support his family. While his wife and child wait for him in Yemen, an outdated and fragile satellite phone is his only connection to all he truly values. Abdi and his fellow pirates hit the high seas and capture a French oil tanker, demanding a hefty ransom. During the long, tedious wait for the cash to arrive, Abdi forges a tentative friendship with one of the hostages. When some of the pirates resort to violence, Abdi must make dramatic choices to determine his course. Two former cops start investigating the series of murders that tanked their careers when the killings begin again. An agoraphobic inherits her father's house in a remote part of the Florida Keys. When weird things start happening, she discovers that there's something far more terrifying trapped inside the house with her. Five teenagers compete to win a mansion owned by entrepreneur and scientist Atticus Virtue. To win the teens must face-off against a super computer named HAVEN who controls the mansion. A typical Midwest house. A sweet little old lady. When a caretaker moves in to help out, Granny's House becomes a macabre place of death - and love. This overview of the horrors of 20th century war reminds us that war does not end when peace treaties are signed and the soldiers have gone home. When a local woman disappears and the police can't seem to find any leads, her father turns to a poor young woman with psychic powers. Slowly she starts having visions of the woman chained and in a pond. Her visions lead to the body and the arrest of an abusive husband, but did he really do it? A soldier tries to start a new life and get a new job after a nightmarish experience during the war. Bruno Hamel is a thirty eight year old surgeon. He lives in Drummondville with his wife Sylvie, and their eight year-old daughter Jasmine. Like many happy people, he is leading an uneventful life until a beautiful fall afternoon, when his daughter is raped and murdered. From then on, the world of the Hamel family collapses. When the murderer is arrested, a terrible project germinates in Bruno's darkened mind. He plans to capture the "monster" and make him pay for his crime. The day the murderer appears in Court, Hamel, who had prepared his plan in great detail, kidnaps the monster and later sends the police a brief message stating that the rapist and murderer of his daughter was going to be tortured for 7 days and then executed. Once this task accomplished, he will then give himself up. Circle Inspector Shambhu's strict actions against law offenders have earned him a lot of enemies. Shambhu is of the opinion that suspension, punishment and transfer are a part of his job. When Shambhu is made the in-charge of a team to eradicate the use of tobacco, he finds himself in a sticky situation. This is because the new law curbs the society, making it difficult for working people from other states to survive. Naturally, many political parties try to take advantage of this situation. What happens next forms the story of Masala Republic. It is 2016 and a fearful world seems to be on the brink of a nuclear catastrophe. A researcher in psychical events and his girlfriend travel to deepest Dartmoor to investigate a centuries-old building. What they unlock and discover is way more than they could have ever bargained for.  An exciting first feature from newcomer Eugene McGing, who expertly takes familiar tropes and gives them a fresh spin in this genuinely terrifying haunted house tale. Forty years before WikiLeaks and the NSA scandal, there was Media, Pennsylvania. In 1971, eight activists plotted an intricate break-in to the local FBI offices to leak stolen documents and expose the illegal surveillance of ordinary Americans in an era of anti-war activism. In this riveting heist story, the perpetrators reveal themselves for the first time, reflecting on their actions and raising broader questions surrounding security leaks in activism today. Three friend's video documented holidays in Stockholm of "Party, Drugs and Swedish Girls" get interrupted by a serial killer. After the molestation of his son, a father struggles with his need to seek revenge and the fear that feeds his inability to do so. The rumored daughter of Sarah Good, the first witch to be tried and hung during the Salem Witch trials, lives and commands the spirit world at her fingertips. Irene, as she is known, must sacrifice the lives of a small group of youths every 30 years for preserving her own youthful appearance, powers and prosperity. On this day, Irene sets the bait for Dalton, an unassuming young man looking for closure in his brother's accidental death. She promises Dalton the allure of reconnecting with his deceased sibling while suggesting he bring his friends along for the show. Sam, Dalton's closest friend, ignores the warning signs, tags along for the ride and finds herself the only person left alive after a night of gruesome events. Bryan meets a man called Bill in a bar. They go back to Bryan's home and have unprotected sex. Later, they wake up and talk. Bryan discovers that Bill's real name is Brian, and that he is bisexual. They spend hours talking, covering topics including AIDS, sexuality, feminism, role-play and Emily Dickinson. Abhi is a typical Bengali guy who has a happy family but he doesn't know how to protest. Everything was going very good but suddenly from his office to his personal life so many problems accrued in his life due to his scaredy attitude.Then his childhood friend Anjan comes into his life and changes his life completely. Who is this Anjan ? From where did he come ? The year is 2047.  Our planet is ruled by the repressive Confederate Central Government (CCG).  Ryan is a Green War rebel agent sent on a mission by Sponge to collect evidence against the CCG for its heinous crimes. Ryan soon faces the sinister Colonel Asimov, Major Anderson and a group of mercenaries lead by Lobo. His mission quickly turns chaotic when he meets Tuage, a mutant survivor of the CCG rebellion who swears to help Ryan save what is left of their world ... or does she? After his father, an assassin, is brutally murdered, Nick Gant vows revenge on Division, the covert government agency that dabbles in psychic warfare and experimental drugs. Hiding in Hong Kong's underworld, Nick assembles a band of rogue psychics dedicated to destroying Division. Together with Cassie, a teenage clairvoyant, Nick goes in search of a missing girl and a stolen suitcase that could be the key to accomplishing their mutual goal. A mother looks to escape her abusive past by moving to a new town where she befriends another mother, who grows suspicious of her. Incensed by the tabloid culture which celebrates it, the L.A. Slasher publicly abducts a series of reality TV stars, while the media and general public in turn begin to question if society is better off without them. A biting, social satire about reality TV and the glorification of people who are famous for simply being famous, "L.A. Slasher" explores why it has become acceptable and even admirable for people to become influential and wealthy based on no merit or talent - purely through notoriety achieved through shameful behavior. Based on the story of a notorious real-life con man, this twisty Bollywood thriller revolves around cunning fraudster Raja Natwarlal, who pulls off a series of two-bit scams in Mumbai on his way to a big swindle. A small-time con man wants to get into the big leagues and take on a Goliath in the world of scams. Toni and Emma are brother and sister who owns a stable farm. Ramon and his son, Aaron works for them. Toni is openly gay and loves to party, Emma has a crush on Aaron who is a closeted gay who is afraid that his father might find out, but his father also has a secret. A brilliant young psychiatrist is forced to confront the dark creature that dwells deep within her own unconscious when she investigates the supernatural disappearance of a university student. Joshua is a young filmmaker who moved to Madrid to fulfill a dream: shooting his first film. It has been proposed to document his experience in the capital with a camera that brings. However, to settle into his new apartment starts recording something else, when you listen to a violent neighbor who beats his wife and he suspects is hiding something very dark. An American mother searches for her daughter who was kidnapped by human traffickers in Central America. An attempt to contend with the atrocities surrounding immigration in the U.S. from a far away and unconnected place. Linh, the recipient of a heart transplant, begins having nightmares and visions leading to a house in the remote countryside. She begins to believe that the previous owner of the heart, a former resident of the house, wants her to uncover the secrets of her death. One year has passed since Clank defeated the terrorist leader Goldscar. He returns to the agency again in order to find his brother. Clank has to face the most difficult task yet; is it worth to continue killing or can we change who we are? Los Angeles is about to be hit by a devastating earthquake, and time is running out to save the city from imminent danger. In China to donate his kidney to his dying niece, former black-ops agent Deacon awakes the day before the operation to find he is the latest victim of organ theft. Stitched up and pissed-off, Deacon descends from his opulent hotel in search of his stolen kidney and carves a blood-soaked path through the darkest corners of the city. The clock is ticking for his niece and with each step he loses blood. When an overachieving college senior makes a wrong turn, her road trip becomes a life-changing fight for survival in rural Kentucky. Agnes is a woman who has reached her early 40s without ever venturing far from home, family or the tight-knit immigrant community in which she was raised by her widowed father. That begins to change in a quietly dramatic fashion when Agnes receives a jigsaw puzzle as a birthday gift and experiences the heady thrill of not only doing something she enjoys, but being very, very good at it. Rusty Sabich is a deputy prosecutor engaged in an obsessive affair with a coworker who is murdered. Soon after, he's accused of the crime. And his fight to clear his name becomes a whirlpool of lies and hidden passions. A council case worker looks for the relatives of those found dead and alone. A man who bears a striking resemblance to a renowned movie star becomes an obsessive fan, but when his fierce love is spurned by the star, he decides to destroy the star's life and reputation. Miguel is the perfect coyote: dedicated, single-minded, his record unblemished. His home is the winding path of the migrant: the back alley gravel, the crumbled pavement, and last - the river. Despite this perfect record, Miguel is no stranger to death. His nickname, "El Maldito" hints of what we will soon see for ourselves, for Miguel seems haunted by the dead and dying. He comes upon them on desert roads; he hears their confessions, and takes part in their dying wishes. Miguel's house, much like the man himself, stands alone; yellowed photographs breathe the sigh of a life given over to a singular purpose - crossing his people to a new life. There are signs that this quiet struggle is soon to break. When a terrible wreck draws Miguel to the roadside, the order of his life comes to ruin, for Elena, the wreck's lone survivor, recognizes Miguel. Warlord Yu Ming gained great power for himself. Anyone he suspected of disloyalty was jailed or murdered. He himself was a notorious killer, having personally betrayed his friend General Yip and then slaughtered his entire family. But the General's son escaped to tell the tale, and spent a lifetime learning all the martial arts, with the sole aim of one day killing his evil enemy Yu Ming. Only first he must lure him away from his private army of thugs and gangster. A pair of star-crossed dancers in New York find themselves at the center of a bitter rivalry between their brothers' underground dance clubs. Action - Eve's life is forever altered when her parents vanish without a trace after being attacked by supernatural agents. Growing up on the streets, Eve learns the art of self reliance. When she runs into the members of the mysterious 'Order' - the same organization to which her parents bore allegiance-several unanswered questions from Eve's childhood reemerge. -  Ia Villatuya, Michelle Laurent, Nicole Maxali An ex-special services veteran, down on his luck and desperate for work, takes a job as a security guard at a run-down mall in a rough area of town. On his first night on the job, he opens the door to a distraught and desperate young girl who has fled the hijacking of a Police motorcade that was transporting her to testify as a witness in a trial. Hot on her heels is the psychopathic hijacker and his team of henchmen, who will stop at nothing to extract and eliminate the witness. Brazil is a contract killer, willing to take any job if the price is right. Flint left the assassin game when a ruthless drug dealer's brutal attack left his wife in a coma. When a contract is put out on the same coldblooded drug dealer, both Brazil and Flint want him dead - one for the money, the other for revenge. With crooked Interpol agents and vicious members of the criminal underworld hot on their trail, these two assassins reluctantly join forces to quickly take out their target before they themselves are terminated. Michael and Madison Roland had planned to spend the rest of their lives together, until one day Michael's controlling ways turned their perfect marriage. With the help of her best friend, Madison decides to get away. After adopting a new identity, she meets Alex Stone and learns to love again. All is well, until Michael discovers Madison's whereabouts, and recreate the nightmare she once lived all over again. After her father's death, a Hollywood agent goes to back to her home town to sell the old home. In the mean time she runs in with a string of old boyfriends, including the one she always he remembered. Who also runs her father's bar. Johan Falk's stepdaughter Nina has gotten in contact with her biological father, Orjan, discovering that he is in debt to an Estonian construction company in Gothenburg, leading to Nina's kidnapping. Group of Spanish friends on the tropical island holiday of a lifetime. Discovering a secret cave adds adventure. They enthusiastically go underground with their camera, but soon become hopelessly lost. Nail-biting tension in the tradition of recent Spanish horror films. After his best friend dies in an unexpected accident, black market dealer Young-gyu decides to wash his hands off his illegal activities and start a new life with his girlfriend Yu-ri. But his dream stalls when he learns that Yu-ri needs money for her father's surgery. To help her out, Young-gyu decides to do the job one last time. His smuggling ring operates out of a boat that runs between Korea and China, picking victims from its voyager pool and harvesting their organs. Meanwhile, a married couple, Sang-ho and Chae-hee, boards Young-gyu's passenger boat heading to Weihai, China. That very evening, just when the boat enters international sea waters where countries' laws cannot be enforced, Chae-hee goes missing and all her pictures and belongings vanishes without a trace. Young-gyu finds Yu-ri on the same ship, and she claims to be the only witness to Chae-hee's disappearance. 5 people trapped in a bunker after a nuclear and biological attack are forced to make an impossible decision - either one dies or they all die. Abby Knight, a former lawyer turned proud flower shop owner is starting over after the death of her husband with the support from her father, a new business and her daughter off to college. Life is good in the peaceful town of New Chapel but when a black SUV rams her prized vintage car, she's determined to track down the driver. She begrudgingly accepts the help of a new neighbor, the handsome and charming ex-Marine Marco Salvare who just bought the bar down the street. Kyle Braddock has spent the last decade moving witnesses over the border to Mexico and has always avoided confrontation or suspicion until now. Not only has he been framed for kidnapping but there's a malevolent and unrelenting figure on his trail and he is falling in love with his latest passenger, who has a dark secret that completely goes against all of his moral beliefs. Now he must protect the first person he has cared about in over ten years, discover who he is as a man and outrun a mysterious killer who is more akin to a force of nature, with an ever increasing path of human collateral in his wake. Based upon the true story of Bruce Johnston Sr., his son, and his brothers; together, they constituted one of suburban Philadelphia's most notorious crime families during the 1970's. Their criminal activities ranged from burglary, theft... and ultimately, murder. In November 2012 Rachel Kusza and her team of film makers travelled to Transylvania to document the Baciu forest. A forest with a dark history of strange occurrences, ghost sightings and countless cases of missing people. The film crew were never heard from again. After searching for the film crew for two years Howard Redman, Rachels teacher, found the crews camera buried in the snow.... Glen, a former sperm donor and recently diagnosed sociopath, takes his daughter on a murder spree of his sperm-donated offspring in the dark comedy, 'Spermicide.' A job interview goes horribly wrong when a lie detector exposes people's true feelings about each other. Based on true events The adventures of a group of friends who plan to recover crates full of gold from a fall in Canada. A clash of two cultures, one primitive and the other exotic wild and cunning, but both of them with a violence and crime story, will face with each other in a house. A non-stop, race against time action packed thriller that follows an elite SWAT Team as they try to stop a domestic terrorist from killing innocent hostages and destroying the city of Los Angeles. With 24 hours left on the clock, the team must rely on their instincts and unique skill set to stop the attack and bring justice. Four interconnected stories surrounding the escape from prison of a notorious serial killer. A man and his 9-year-old daughter disappear into the swampy Virginia backwoods. Haunted by tragedy and destitution, they must both face the painful past if they are to ever have a future. Two women find themselves in a dark dungeon tormented by distant memories of the horrific legend of Countess Elizabeth Bathory and looming feelings of sinister forces as they struggle to find an escape. Three boys, who are spending their summer vacation together, witness a crime and decide to bring the guilty to book. A former war journalist now writing for a paper in Northern California is drawn into conflict at home. A young man and his friends must survive a horrific night of hide and seek from his grandfather who begins to relive moments of his grim war days in Vietnam. Two lighthouse keepers try to maintain their sanity while living on a remote and mysterious New England island in the 1890s. When a systems engineer blows the whistle on a dangerous technology, Charlie's Angels from across the globe are called into action, putting their lives on the line to protect society. Christmas Eve. On his way to his in-laws with his family, Frank Harrington decides to try a shortcut, for the first time in 20 years. It turns out to be the biggest mistake of his life. This movie chronicles the trials of the mentally ill and their care-givers in an over-crowded ward of a hospital. A group of six friends hear of a family of five murdered in a house close to where they will be camping for the night. Deciding to return to investigate would be the worst mistake of their fun filled night. After Sara Silverstein suddenly finds herself involved in a series of violent attacks she realizes she needs to unravel her father's past in order to neutralize this threat. Arthur Bishop thought he had put his murderous past behind him when his most formidable foe kidnaps the love of his life. Now he is forced to travel the globe to complete three impossible assassinations, and do what he does best, make them look like accidents. Hollywood veteran Bing Russell creates the only independent baseball team in the country--alarming the baseball establishment and sparking the meteoric rise of the 1970s Portland Mavericks. In 1972, the patients and doctors at Stephens Sanitarium were brutally murdered. Over forty years later, the only known survivor returns only to find the ghosts of the past have not been resting in peace. A man must turn a woman into a murderer while escaping his own troubled soul. Kasi picks up a phone that belongs to businessman Karthik on an impulse. What he doesn't realize is that the phone had compromising videos of the latter, which soon leads to trouble for both the young men. A mother has lost her child to the most appalling crime - the police are compromised, the private investigator she hired in her desperate search for answers has disappeared. Her only hope for retribution is to contact the man she swore would never be a part of her life. Over a slow-burning 24 hours we pass through the lives of seven lost souls, all damaged and all strangely linked to each other and the terrible events that are about to unfold. It's Halloween day in 1989 and college student Jackie Blue wants to enjoy a quiet birthday in the midst of a chaotic semester at school. Her friend Amber has other ideas and persuades Jackie to come to the annual Halloween party on campus after her shift at the local movie theater. As the night unfolds, it becomes apparent that Jackie will get more excitement than she bargained for on her birthday this year. Caught behind the Iron Curtain at the close of the Cold War, CIA agent Alec Carville (Brian Bosworth) has spent 11 years held captive by the KGB in a mental institute. But he's finally offered a shot at freedom by an old nemesis -- if he steals a much-coveted formula for unlimited energy, a formula sought to ignite a global war. Now, he'll have to run his own covert mission to outmaneuver the enemy. Five years after the murder of his wife and disappearance of his daughter, former police officer Jeremy Duffin is brought back to help in the hunt for a yuletide monster that punishes children that have been "naughty." As the monster becomes more erratic and unpredictable, Jeremy learns the truth about the disappearance of his daughter and the fate that has been bestowed upon him by an unlikely source. Can Jeremy finally end the nightmare Christmas monster that has terrorized this town for years? The Freeling family move in with Diane's mother in an effort to escape the trauma and aftermath of Carol Anne's abduction by the Beast. But the Beast is not to be put off so easily and appears in a ghostly apparition as the Reverend Kane, a religeous zealot responsible for the deaths of his many followers. His goal is simple - he wants the angelic Carol Anne. A strange disease is plaguing the city; classes are cancelled, businesses are closed, all is under a state of emergency. What at first seems like a normal flu quickly leads to blind rage and cannibalistic behavior. Narrowly escaping contamination, Eva and Sam, a young married couple, are forced to barricade themselves in their high-rise apartment despite the palpable tension between them. Now forced into isolation in their small living space, they struggle with their own frailty in a world that can only offer the worst horrors imaginable. A group of cooks at an asylum for the criminally insane get locked in with the inmates during a massive thunderstorm A stagecoach full of passengers and an enigmatic gunslinger are held hostage by two outlaws on the run from the law but events take an unexpected turn when the travelers are stalked by a mythical beast that only appears on the night of a blood red moon. On April 26, 2012, six people entered an Isolated Confined Environment with the mission to simulate a trip to Mars. Their mission was a catastrophic failure. When a serial killer named The Businessman strikes in his town, a young man is forced to take action. Kitty Bellairs, a flirtatious young woman of 18th Century England, cuts a swath of broken hearts and romantic conquests as she visits a resort with her sister. A spoof of all the "found-footage/documentary style" films released in recent years. A group of people find themselves trapped in the backwoods of West Virginia, fighting for their lives against a group of vicious and horribly disfigured inbred cannibals. One of the strongest examples of Israeli cinematic storytelling in recent years. Zuhara is on her way to her younger sister's wedding, when she picks up Neriman, a young Bedouin hitchhiker escaping from an arranged marriage. As she unintentionally becomes an accomplice in Neriman's struggle, Zuhara must confront her conflicted feelings toward her estrangement from her own family. Director Rony Sasson Angel sensitively evokes moving drama through the characters' quiet exchanges, while building to a powerful climax. Stars Hila Vidor and Maisa Abed Elhadi make the tension and camaraderie between these two strangers palpable and touching. A deeply-poignant and visually-striking road movie. Little Bo Peep has lost her sheep, and that leaves one of them vulnerable to a pack of hillbilly wolves. It's Mighty Mouse to the rescue!  What if it made perfect sense for ordinary people to kill each other for money? Better than slow grinding financial ruin and misery, and all done according to a strict code by consenting adults. This is Trading. Two feuding brothers (one a policeman, the other a martial arts expert) of different political views, join forces to avenge the death of their father, a retired agent, killed by the mafia. In the glamorous world of New York City, Rebecca Bloomwood is a fun-loving girl who is really good at shopping-a little too good, perhaps. She dreams of working for her favorite fashion magazine, but can't quite get her foot in the door-until ironically, she snags a job as an advice columnist for a financial magazine published by the same company. Kate Bowman (Jocelin Donahue) is an average social worker who is investigating in the mysterious deaths of people who died in their sleep. Shortly before their deaths, the victims all reported a supernatural force that appeared to them while they were suffering from sleep-paralysis. When Kate investigates further into the case, she opens herself up to the creature's wrath, and soon finds herself, and her family suffering from an ancient evil. An obsessed cop is on the trail of a serial killer prowling the streets of Buffalo, N.Y. but when his teenage daughter disappears, he drops any professional restraint to get the killer. The Dwarves, Bilbo and Gandalf have successfully escaped the Misty Mountains, and Bilbo has gained the One Ring. They all continue their journey to get their gold back from the Dragon, Smaug. For siblings Brie, Daniel, Crew, and Jess, family has always come first. But when Crew (Daniel DiTomasso) invites his girlfriend Sara (Kate French) into the family, distrust begins to bubble between the siblings. Seeing Sara as a threat, Brie (Fiona Dourif) grows spiteful and increasingly suspicious that she is being replaced. That is, until the night Crew attempts to murder her in their family house.  Traumatized, Brie is sent to a mental facility where she is tormented by hallucinations of Crew from the night of the attack. But when the visions begin to bleed into reality, Brie starts to fear that it's not just her sanity that's in danger, and she flees the facility. In a frantic attempt to return to her remaining siblings and warn them, Brie begins to uncover a trail of gory, sinister secrets that lead her to believe that she might not know her family as well as she thought. Q has surrendered to the mysterious power and vice-like grip of the 'Substance', in trying to erase an old memory that she'd been a victim of. Her 'Pusher', fed up with the ceaseless manipulations she's been through, decides to help her out by pointing to the parallel reality that 'the Substance' had created for her. Through this, Q will identify those hiding behind it and slaughters all her tormentors. Helped by 'the Agent', Q will fight them - the 'Runner' whom she simultaneously loves and hates, the beast of a Nazi woman who tortures her after imprisoning her in a dungeon, and the 'Cinephile' - the primary culprit responsible for setting off a chain of events in motion, and the one who wont hesitate locking up innocent women to satisfy his filthy cinematographic lust... The lives of two lovelorn spouses from separate marriages, a registered sex offender, and a disgraced ex-police officer intersect as they struggle to resist their vulnerabilities and temptations. Dishkiyaoon is a Bollywood action film produced by Shilpa Shetty and her husband Raj Kundra along with Eros International. The film features Sunny Deol, Harman Baweja and debutant Ayesha Khanna. The film is about the Mumbai underworld.2014.Four songs for the film have been composed by debutant Palash Muchhal, who's the youngest music composer of Bollywood at age of 18. Sathya, a real estate agent, whose lookalike brother Shiva, who moonlights as a robber. After he robs Rs 250 crores from a couple of businessmen, both brothers become the target of a corrupt cop (Kishore), who is keen on nailing them. The third movie about a Chinese special force soldier with extraordinary marksmanship. After a suicide attempt, a young easily influenced biologist is recruited by a criminal organization based in the hills above Nice. When her best friend, an underground journalist is mysteriously killed whilst investigating alien sightings, a feisty radio presenter realizes her own life is endangered as others around her disappear and the Federal Protection Force increase in power and control. Not knowing who to trust when she discovers film footage of a secret detention center and then a troubled detective offers to help her, she finds the same subjects keep coming to the fore. A mixture of ancient mysteries and conspiracy theories masquerading as science fiction. However, the more she digs, the more she realizes that the ancient prophecies foretelling the end of this world as we know it may be frighteningly accurate. This apocalyptic thriller is based on a best selling documentary, The Daniel Project Lying is a universal language, spoken and understood by 7 billion people. none of us can evade the jinx of The Seventh Lie - Self Deception. Chauffeur Song claims to be a part-time killer. Or is he a womanizer, tries to get in the heart of his chum's wife Julianne? Julianne checks into a hotel with Song to discover his frightful plan. A sneaky Hotel Bellhop bumps into them. Could he come to Julianne's rescue? Or is he a brilliant con-artist who attempts to rip off moneyed guests of the hotel? In this hotel, he uncovers his darkest secret and comes across a Runaway Bride Gwen. The lives of these seemingly unassociated souls are interlaced together to face the appalling truth beneath their lies. A family of four is quarantined in their home as a virulent strand of the flu spreads into town and they are forced to the extreme to escape alive. A mental patient with a violent past is released from the institution, against the advice of his doctors, and sent back to his old neighborhood. Was he released too soon? A Manic depressive artist survives a suicidal fall only to be possessed by a murdered gangster, who uses the artist to seek vengeance on those that ended his life. A man returns to the childhood town where his brother was abducted 20 years earlier. Five female filmmakers en route to screen their new horror film in Los Angeles, experience their own real life terror when they cross paths with deranged scientist hellbent on using them for his twisted experiments. Sonny "Sundown" Garcia is the top cocaine distributor in the United States, which has made him a very rich and powerful man. It has also made him plenty of enemies. John Doe is just such a man. A nameless man of mystery, John lives to see Sundown not just dead, but to suffer six meaningful losses before his death--his fortune, his freedom, his love, his reputation, his most valuable possession and, finally, his life. John hires six hit-men, each one assigned to inflict one of the six meaningful losses upon Sundown. When a professor of religious studies is forced to investigate why his students are being murdered, he discovers what ended his own life and is then reborn. Two roommates, Leila & Sandy, team up to kill Leila's sadistic boyfriend. Sweethearts Brad and Janet, stuck with a flat tire during a storm, discover the eerie mansion of Dr. Frank-N-Furter, a transvestite scientist. As their innocence is lost, Brad and Janet meet a houseful of wild characters, including a rocking biker and a creepy butler. Through elaborate dances and rock songs, Frank-N-Furter unveils his latest creation: a muscular man named 'Rocky'.  Two brothers, down on their luck, fake a disappearance in the Alaskan wilderness so they'll have a great survival story to sell, but the hoax turns out to be more real than they planned. Rain in Hell Dvd/ EP As the devoutly single Don Johnston is dumped by his latest girlfriend, he receives an anonymous pink letter informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. Motive is an edgy thriller that centers around Emery Simms, a highly educated and successful business tycoon who happens to be married to the quintessential wife Constance. Things go dangerously awry when the thrill seeking Emery engages in an adulterous fling with the wildly free-spirited and exotic Allanah. Timing couldn't be any worse when the politics of high society, shady business deals, bad press, and a violent murder collide, they threaten to destroy more than just his shaky marriage. As police probe into his situation, they uncover a labyrinth of deception, agendas and motives, where the stakes are enormous and nothing is what it seems. James Bond must investigate a mysterious murder case of a British agent in New Orleans. Soon he finds himself up against a gangster boss named Mr. Big. Separation Anxiety traces the friendship of three twenty-something childhood pals, Quinn, Jess, and Bailey on the morning of Bailey's funeral. As the people who loved Bailey the most grapple with the possibility that his fatal accident might have been something more purposeful, flashbacks from the last days of Bailey Palmer begin to unravel what was really going on. Quinn and Jess find themselves forced to deal with truths they aren't ready to face, about Bailey and each other. The lone survivor of a serial killer's attack tries to cope with the death of her friends and her mutilation at the hands of the maniac - but she fears the trauma has awakened a dark side within her as she slowly becomes something possibly even worse than the man who scarred her forever. A poet suffers feuding psychiatrists and shifting reality while committeed to a mental institution. Dead Girls is a horror anthology featuring three stories of terror connected through the pages of dead girls' diaries, which chronicle each girl's act of vengeance against the people who have wronged or abused them. The lives of rival gang members, a teacher, a TV news crew and other intertwine in the city of Los Angeles. Deep in the jungles of Southeast Asia, a terrorist organization has stolen materials to create a dangerous chemical bomb. It is up to Captain Max Randall and his team of Marines to stop them. But when Randall's team kill the terrorist leader's son, the group responds by kidnapping General Wallace's daughter. It is up to Randall to save her and stop the terrorist attack. A costume drama / satire about financial skull-duggery, and confidence tricksters in both the upper and lower classes in Victorian London. A working class man impersonates a lord who is supposedly very rich and a financial wizard. As such he is invited to all the best peoples' parties. A violent breakup leaves one man dead and a group of friends dispatched into the desert to dispose of the evidence. Friendships are tested as the group push the boundaries of what can be done in the name of being there for a friend. Neighbors in a block wake one morning to find they have been sealed inside their apartments. Can they work together to find out why? Or will they destroy each other in their fight to escape? A group of backpackers diving in a ruined underwater city discover that they have stumbled into the territory of the ocean's deadliest shark species. In the wastelands of post-apocalyptic England, two young brothers turn to cannibalism to survive, only to fall for their prey, a teenage girl... and possibly the last female left alive. Anand (Feroz Khan) is a London returned teacher who has sought employment in a local school in India. His co-teachers are Geeta (Asha Parekh), Girdharilal (Jankidas), Pandey (Asit Sen), Lalita (Lalita Kumari), and Principal (Brahm Bhardwaj). Anand's students, though fairly mature, lack sex education, and he discusses this at length with the other teachers and the Principal, and he is met with opposition. Anand is attracted to Geeta, but Geeta shows no interest in him. Several female students are attracted to Anand. Anand naively is openly friendly with all his students, however, Anand faces trouble when one of his female students becomes pregnant, and he is accused of raping her. While James More is held captive by terrorists in Somalia, thousands of miles away on the Greenland Sea, his lover Danny Flinders prepares to dive herself in a submersible into the deep bottom of the ocean, tormented by the memories of their brief encounter in France and her inability to know his whereabouts. Six members of a media company go on a weekend business retreat at an isolated lodge in the woods. When one of the members goes missing, they discover that the lodge was formerly a private mental institution that had been shut down after allegations of devious misconduct. One by one, they fall victim to the dark secrets buried at the lodge. Based on the early events of psychic Lazaro Ruben Torres, clinically declared dead five times. In the process of trying to reconnect with his daughter Lazaro discovers the man who killed her. Vettri joins a detective agency and is assigned a series of subjects to observe. He falls in love with Madhusree, one of his targets, and just when everything seems to be going fine, Vettri's subjects start dying mysteriously. Can he save Madhu before it is too late? Karar The Deal showcases the lives of two women intertwined by their love for a man...  The terrifying story of a brother and sister who are sent to their grandparents' remote Pennsylvania farm for a weeklong trip. Once the children discover that the elderly couple is involved in something deeply disturbing, they see their chances of getting back home are growing smaller every day. Pakida tells the story of Aadi who meets a mysterious and concealing traveler George Koshy Anthrapper and travels with him from Kochi to Madurai. On their way, they come across two other characters Sunny and Kani who change their lives. A British Special Boat Service commando tracks down an international terrorist cell. The life of Annabelina and Tedandra, two sisters trapped inside the dark world of childhood nightmares and life's challenges. Indran suffers from narcolepsy, a sleep disorder that makes him fall asleep at the slightest excitement. He meets Meera and they fall in love but one night, they are attacked by unknown persons. Indran panics and goes into sleep, while Meera is raped. Indran must rely hard on his wits to find the assailants and overcome his condition get his revenge. A little boy thinks of nothing but cricket. His father, Rusy, thinks of nothing but his little boy. To fulfill his sons dream of playing at Lords cricket ground, the honest and upright Rusy takes a reckless step. He borrows a gleaming red Ferrari. Just for one hour. The only trouble-- he doesnt inform the cars legendary owner. A wild, breathless, bumpy ride begins. A naive Rusy must dodge bullets and bouncers for one unforgettable night, and play the role of a perfect father. Can he do it?  Ferrari Ki Sawaari is a fun-filled story of small guys and their big dreams and how these dreams turn into a mad comedy of errors.  Fasten your seatbelts. The joyride awaits The NPS (National Police Safety Rescue), whose purpose is to catch extreme criminals alive, becomes the center of attention. A sit-in demonstration takes place. Members of the NPS, including Ichigo Kamikura (Osamu Mukai) go to the protest site. Meanwhile, a transport ship is hijacked in the Pacific Ocean. London Road is a musical drama that documents the events of 2006, when the quiet rural town of Ipswich was shattered by the discovery of the bodies of five women. The residents of London Road had struggled for years with frequent soliciting and kerb-crawling on their street. When a local resident was charged and then convicted of the murders, the community grappled with what it meant to be at the epicentre of this tragedy. Meeting by chance when they return to their tiny California hometown, two former high-school sweethearts reflect on their shared past. Starting in Switzerland, Sherlock Holmes rescues the inventor of a bomb-sight which the allies want to keep from the Nazis. Back in London it seems that the inventor is not all that he seemed. The Shoot (Gun Shooting In The Country) is a short documentary by Alex Gilbert. This short documentary stars Addison Meynell. Segments from this short film were put onto the Almost Big movie which was released in July 2010. Two feuding brothers (one a policeman, the other a martial arts expert) of different political views, join forces to avenge the death of their father, a retired agent, killed by the mafia. "An idyllic summer day turns into a living nightmare ...  With school finally over, college graduate Natalie Wilner returns to her hometown to celebrate the Fourth of July weekend. But beneath the flags and fireworks lurks a dark, malevolent figure. After a night of drunken parties, she stumbles home and drifts off to sleep, only to be woken moments later by a loud knock on the door.  Experience one night of terror, through Natalie's eyes as she fights to escape a relentless, knife-wielding maniac ..." It's the most mythic of all American emporiums - and the scene of many an ultimate fashion fantasy. Now audiences get a rarified chance to peek behind the backroom doors and into the reality of the fascinating inner workings and fabulous untold stories from Bergdorf Goodman's iconic history in Scatter My Ashes at Bergdorf's. A photojournalist suffering from PTSD returns home from Iraq and finds himself struggling to keep his sanity and family intact. A resentful 14-year-old girl is drawn into a seemingly innocent friendship with an older man, but the relationship turns sinister. In a small town in Massachusetts, four high school girls perform a ritual in an attempt to debunk the lore of Slender Man. When one of the girls goes mysteriously missing, they begin to suspect that she is, in fact, his latest victim. Calamity Jane and Wild Bill Hickok fuss, feud and fall in love. At first, Calamity is too busy fighting Indians and cracking a bullwhip to pay attention to such girlie things as dresses and perfume. She soon changes her mind when Katie Brown arrives in town. Returning to themes he first explored in La strada (1954), Fellini crafts a parable on the whisperings of the soul that only madmen and vagabonds are capable of hearing. The odd couple, Ivo Salvini (Benigni), a fake inspector of wells, and Gonnella (Villaggio), a former prefect, wander through the Emilia-Romagna countryside of Fellini's childhood and discover a dystopia of television commercials, fascism, beauty pageants, rock music, Catholicism, and pagan ritual. A professional poker player falls deep into underworld when he takes an unexpected wager from a mysterious high roller. A CIA assassin attempts to break out of the contract killing business to try to lead a normal life. But when "the system" tracks her down and frames her for the death of her husband, she embarks on a path of revenge that leads her back into the life she tried to hard to abandon. A young woman lies dead in a house, strangled by her boyfriend in a fit of jealous rage. Full of steroids and remorse, he waits for the law to arrive. But the law is his father, a powerful and corrupt detective who races to the murder scene first so he can tamper with the evidence and thwart the police case. When the son literally gets away with murder, the dead woman's distraught brother Jeremy arranges his own justice. In Madrid, the orphan sisters Irene, Ana and Maite are raised by their austere aunt Paulina together with their mute and crippled grandmother after the death of their mother and their military father Anselmo. Ana is a melancholic girl, fascinated by death, after seeing her mother having a painful death and her father dead in bed. Doctor Kruger dreams to insert "the suicide in modernity". He offers to his patients the service of a private clinic where one can die in all peace, champagne glass to the hand. But in the private clinic of "ideal death", nothing occurs as envisaged. After serving fifteen years for murder, Callahan returns home to find Sean, his victim's father, searching for the body. With no memory of the murder, Callahan soon realises that the only way to get rid of Sean is to help him dig. As host of his own hit TV series, 'MAN VS', Doug Woods is forced to fend for himself for five days in remote locations with no crew, food, or water, only the cameras he carries on his back to film his experiences. Doug's in the remote woods for a routine episode, until he's awoken by an earth-shaking crash. Things get weirder as it becomes clear Doug isn't alone. Someone or something is watching him. A homicide detective traumatized by the death of his father has to investigate a series of strange murders, while the hit man responsible for them confesses to a priest that he will be his next victim. A teacher's world is torn apart when his wife and children are brutally murdered at the hands of a ruthless gang. Left for dead and with no one to turn to, he takes matters into his own hands and hits the streets in search of justice. A thriller based on two real incidents: the 2003 Tuen Mun Road traffic accident that claimed 21 lives and the 2013 Yau Oi Estate suicide, where the female victim dressed in red leapt to her death on the day of the Chinese Ghost Festival. The true story of British intelligence whistleblower Katharine Gun who--prior to the 2003 Iraq invasion--leaked a top-secret NSA memo exposing a joint US-UK illegal spying operation against members of the UN Security Council. The memo proposed blackmailing member states into voting for war. Two strangers defend an eccentric estate from a caustic witch known as Lily Grace.  When Angela refuses to leave her planned-parenthood clinic after it is shut down by the state, a family of fanatical evangelists vow to make her pay. Looking for any way to get away from the life and town he was born into, Tripp, a high school senior, builds a Monster Truck from bits and pieces of scrapped cars. After an accident at a nearby oil-drilling site displaces a strange and subterranean creature with a taste and a talent for speed, Tripp may have just found the key to getting out of town and a most unlikely friend. A conman finds refuge in becoming a baba and carries out his various criminal activities under the guise. A policeman, a journalist and politicians get entangled in his Web of deceit. The Dark Below is an experimental thriller set on Michigan's Great Lakes. This film is based on the controversial case of real life on the murder of the student from Santa Rosa Catholic University by a country famed psychiatrist. The story then begins when a young woman named Sofia Mendez Contreras was found dead. The detectives Daniel Estevez and Eduardo Chacon will begin a hard investigation to catch the suspect of the crime; the first suspect is an important and renowned psychiatrist, called Elias Aponte. The only incriminating evidence is the written of the victim in her personal diary and blog online. The detectives must appeal their knowledge to determinate if the victims notes are real or just a fantasy created by a psychiatric patient. Thriller/Suspense about a small family on their 10th anniversary. The husband, Joel Yates, has a newly discovered heart condition along to go with his drinking problem. Joel ignores the heart medication warning label along with a social media comment to re-post a young girls kidnapping/murder. Joel has a night of figments and nightmares due to ignoring the "Warning Label" that he will never forget. In the grip of grief following the death of his young son, his marriage on the rocks and nearing bankruptcy, Parker reluctantly returns to work as a private investigator. Embarking on an unusual assignment to observe a woman from an abandoned apartment, Parker witnesses bizarre happenings surrounding her, unaware that the derelict building that he surveys her from has birthed a dark presence which slowly threatens to consume him. A retired hitman must reawaken all his deadly skills and fight a one-man war against his former employer. Working class Danny aims to kick start a revolution by turning the tables on the establishment with a deadly game of chance. Ten years after General Antonio Jose de Sucre - Grand Marshal of Ayacucho- was murdered in the Berruecos jungle, Colombia. The inquiry into his death is reopened, Captain Alejandro Godoy take charge as prosecutor. Several political motives mean that the case must definitively be drawn to a close. Godoy discovers that a large part of the documentation produced during the original inquiry has been destroyed. With his own life in danger, Godoy discovers a highly intricate plot that put an end to Sucre's life. A small time crook and a newly-orphaned teenage boy team up to perform a string of robberies. Abby and Rebecca Powell haven't seen each other since a traumatic event in their youth ripped them apart. Reunited for the first time in over a decade, the sisters take a trip to spread their mother's ashes at a secluded lake. As the sisters reconnect and try to heal old wounds, something waits in the nearby woods. A strange object, made not by the hands of man, beckons them to it. As they begin to try and unlock its secrets, Abby is plagued by nightmares of an alien presence that seem all too real. Little do the sisters realize that this object is actually a device, one with a purpose too horrible to comprehend. As the events of the past and the present begin to merge, new discoveries will threaten to tear apart their newly reformed family, and the inhuman creators of the device will attempt to finish a terrible experiment begun years before. A con woman (Lucille Ball) and a detective (Lloyd Nolan) follow a prison-bound swindler (John Hodiak) on his five-day gourmet binge. Ever since she was a little girl, Iris has wanted to be a filmmaker. For the last five years though, she's been trapped working in reality television, directing episodes for a series that's barely able to compete with Ghost Hunters. Iris sees her big chance to prove herself when gets sent on assignment to her hometown of Black Falls, a small town harboring an abandoned insane asylum that has a dark history of excessive shock therapy. Filming inside the asylum brings back childhood memories for Iris, memories of sneaking into the asylum with her friends to shoot homemade horror movies. Little does Iris know, her life is about to imitate her art. Silvia is incarcerated in a corrupt women prison and forced to participate in drug distribution. When she refuses she is punished and her sister murdered. She will try to get free and get her revenge. Winner of the 2005 Maui Film Festival's Best Short Film Documentary, this eye-popping video captures big-wave surfing at its most insane. Made by the folks who brought you Step in Liquid and Riding Giants, the film features tow-in trailblazers Laird Hamilton, Dave Kalama, Darrick Doerner and others taking on Peahi, Maui's enormous swells during the winters of '04 and '05. Fueling the action is a hot soundtrack courtesy of Pearl Jam, U2 and Beck. A complete change of pace for cult pinku-eiga filmmaker Hisayasu Sato, this softcore farce set in a women's clinic looks more like one of Siggi Gotz's German romps than a film from the director of OL Renzoku Rape: Kyonyu Musaboru or Kamen No Yuwaku. The zany antics include the misadventures of a voyeuristic nurse, an exhibitionistic patient, a doctor and nurse who engage in S&M, a hypochondriac, and a lesbian nurse who sleeps with the patients. John Faust, a guilt driven detective, is offered a pact by the demon of vengeance. John Faust's lover is trapped in Hell. If he kills three serial killers using their own signature styles, he will be granted access to Hell to set her free. A man and woman, skeptical about romance, nonetheless fall in love and are wed, but their lack of confidence in the opposite sex haunts their marriage. A disillusioned musician's romantic spark is ignited by a young trans man as they work together to save his community nightclub for the deaf. 1921 England is overwhelmed by the loss and grief of World War I. Hoax exposer Florence Cathcart (Hall) visits a boarding school to explain sightings of a child ghost. A group of fearless, compassionate individuals with Viking spirit set out to turn around the most dangerous neighborhood in Las Vegas, to help the children living there, reducing violent crime with a record 75%.  When Ilan Halimi is kidnapped for ransom because Jewish and supposedly rich, his family and the police start a race against time to save him from the tortures of the "gang of barbarians". Oscar nominated documentary short from 1978 about an Indian juvenile reformatory. The two teams become even more strained when the Metal Maniacs get a new leader. Meanwhile, the Acceleracers and the Racing Drones face challenges while competing in the Racing Realms with a new, mysterious opponent. A group of Kuchi children are living in a minefield around Bagram airfield, Afghanistan. They dig out anti-personal mines in order to sell the explosives to child workers mining in a Lappis Lazulli mine. The trajectory of the blue precious stones goes towards Tajikistan and China, through an area controlled by child soldiers. When they are not waging their own mini-wars in the daily madness of life in Afghanistan, the children are fleeing away in their personal fantasies and dreams, while the American soldiers are planning their retreat... While running a travel agency in Macau, Ji-yeon is ripped off by her business partner. One day, the attractive and benevolent Sung-yeol gives her an irresistible offer: $5,000 monthly salary to live on a luxurious yacht and be the personal care aide of the owner of Cenado, a prominent shipping and casino operator company. Without another option to fall back on, she complies and nurses the ailing man, who is impossible to deal with. Ji-yeon slowly gains the attention of both Sung-yeol and the magnate, and wavers between an opportunity that will secure her future and love. As tension rises among these figures on the yacht, no one can predict its outcome. Following the deaths of the actors of a film, terrible events occur when the production company decide to release the film and earn lots of money. In a long flashback, a New York publisher is in Venice pursuing the lost love letters of an early-19th-century poet, Jeffrey Ashton, who disappeared mysteriously. Using a false name, Lewis Venable rents a room from Juliana Bordereau, once Jeffrey Ashton's lover, now an aged recluse. Running the household is Juliana's severe niece, Tina, who mistrusts Venable from the first moment. He realizes all is not right when late one night he finds Tina, her hair unpinned and wild, at the piano. She calls him Jeffrey and throws herself at him. The family priest warns Venable to tread carefully around her fantasies, but he wants the letters at any cost, even Tina's sanity. When mechanic Jeff Obold meets the wealthy and mysterious Bruno Rubin, he is exposed for the first time to the finer things in life. But Jeff soon discovers the source of Rubin's power: a caged creature called a "Darkling," which possesses the power to create incredible wealth for the person who will pledge unending "companionship." Rose Ricard has a gift, she can see into your soul. She can discern the truth from a lie and sometimes, she can perceive the very thoughts before they are formed in your mind. She uses these gifts to solve unsolved cases and bring closure where there is none. Her most recent case, unwittingly opens the doors to her own past and that of her new partner Grant Summit. Jake (Dakota Daulby, Falling Skies) and Noel (Matthew MacCaull, Vendetta) are estranged brothers haunted by a troubled past. In the years since their father died in a hunting accident and their mother committed suicide, they've lost touch with one another. After escaping from his abusive uncle, Jake seeks refuge with Noel who now lives with his girlfriend Paula (Christie Burke, Falling Skies) in the old family farmhouse. Located on an isolated island, it's the perfect place to find solace and reconnect after years of separation. Or so Jake thinks... When a devoted husband and father is left home alone for the weekend, two stranded young women unexpectedly knock on his door for help. What starts out as a kind gesture results in a dangerous seduction and a deadly game of cat and mouse. Bhai Ji is a high-tech robber who changes his looks frequently. Disguised as jewelry experts, he and his team members hatch a plan to steal precious jewelry from a palace in Kerala. Inspired by the transformation of the sex-trafficking survivors whose lives she follows, the filmmaker finds the courage to break the silence about sexual abuse in her own life. A Romanian girl dreams of living the glamorous life she sees in Italian soap operas. An evening of drunken prank calls becomes a nightmare for a pair of teenagers when a mysterious stranger turns their own game against them. After being diagnosed with Dementia, an elderly war veteran is forced by his estranged family to hire a live-in nurse, only to find she harbors a sinister secret. A comic-caper, that tells the story of 3 morons trying to rob a bank who pick the worst day possible when everything that can go wrong, goes wrong and how they're inadvertently caught in the crossfire. When their daughter is kidnapped by experienced nappers (Bacon and Love), the Jennings' (Theron and Townsend) turn the tables on this seemingly foolproof plan. A team of hardened detectives come face to face with evil as they investigate a killing spree in San Bernardino California. A thriller centered on a widower who moves into a seemingly perfect new home with his daughter and new wife. Four Square Steve is a roaming cowboy who saves Milly from the rude advances of a dyed-in-the-wool villain. She gets Steve a job on her father's ranch. The bad man returns and kidnaps Milly to a deserted shack where he tries to force her into marrying him. Steve has found the note she left and he is rides to the rescue. Scooby, Shaggy and Scrappy Doo are on their way to a Miss Grimwood's Finishing School for Girls, where they have been hired as gym teachers. Once there, however, they find that it is actually a school for girl ghouls. A serial killer is terrorizing a small college town. When a student begins to have psychic visions of the killer with clues as to who he is, he gives this information to the police - only to find that he himself is suspected of committing the murders. In the future, Utopia has finally been achieved thanks to medical nanotechnology and a powerful ethic of social welfare and mutual consideration. This perfect world isn't that perfect though, and three young girls stand up to totalitarian kindness and super-medicine by attempting suicide via starvation. It doesn't work, but one of the girls--Tuan Kirie--grows up to be a member of the World Health Organization. As a crisis threatens the harmony of the new world, Tuan rediscovers another member of her suicide pact, and together they must help save the planet...from itself. A dark and atmospheric story of female friendship tested by deceit, betrayal and a terrifying past. Susan, outwardly confident and Becky, more fragile and shy, both in their late twenties, are inseparable friends. But both women have secrets they have not shared, some recent, some long past and deeply buried. When, on a weekend trip to Dartmoor, they encounter the charismatic Chris, they are led into a web of mind games, sexual deceit and betrayal. As Becky's traumatic involvement in Chris' own damaged past is revealed, a psychological journey swiftly becomes a fight for survival. A teacher plays a mental game with some of his students. Based on a true story. A modern tragedy about a group of 14-year-old schoolchildren whose daily life is shaped by the power of social media and ever increasing sexualisation through the Internet. After a troubled childhood, Ashley searches for a connection, and unknowingly invites in a demonic force, which leaves her loved ones fighting for her soul. Blackmailed into murdering, a casanova is presented with the opportunity of living two lives. One in which he commits the crime and the other in which he refuses and goes on the run. A young photographer from Mumbai uses her mind to play games with a prominent Hindu rightist leader. Struggling to rebuild their lives, a former tennis star and a recent divorcee decide to isolate themselves from the world in a quest for true "oneness"; as their affair descends into savagery, his father must fight to save them before they disappear completely into madness. A teenager wakes up in a subway car with no memory of how he got there or who he is. Virginia is proud that she belongs to a clique. The best students at a private school. But before her 18th birthday, a grueling set of murders take place and her friends are the ones who are falling prey. Could it be her? She suffers from blackouts due to a freak accident one year earlier. We soon learn the truth behind her accident and what is going on... A Montreal police inspector (Donald Sutherland) cracks a murder case with clues from the victim's diary. A surreal road movie about a partially deaf teenager hitting the road in a beat up Lada to find the father who abandoned him at birth. The stunning feature film debut of acclaimed commercials writer/director Rob Sanders. A group of young bio-engineers discover they can use quantum physics to transfer motor-skills between human brains.  Believing this to be a first step towards a new intellectual freedom, they freely distribute the technology. But as the mysterious past of one of their group is revealed, dark forces emerge that threaten to subvert this technology into a means of mass control.  DxM takes the mind-bender thriller to the next level with an immersive narrative and breath-taking action. Martin is a screenwriter, who finds himself in one of his own plays: A young woman is found dead in the Thames and no one really knows, what has happened to her. A celebrity-obsessed teen seeking fame and fortune via viral videos finds a Satanic documentary that leads him to a world of pure evil. A Montreal taxi driver falls for a client with a mysterious past. Aswang follows a group of people whose lives have been caught up in these events: a journalist who tries to make a stand against lawlessness, a coroner, a missionary brother who comforts bereaved family members, and a street kid with parents in prison and friends in the cemetery. The film is a shocking account of unprecedented violence and the moral bankruptcy of a regime that still enjoys support from voters. FBI agent Griff Krenshaw is dispatched to solve a murder at a federal correctional facility for inmates with a rare genetic defect that leads to psychosis and violence. Once there, Griff becomes convinced that the facility is plagued by a much darker force. With Hurricane Sandy looming on the horizon, five hard-lived friends come to from a send-off celebration alongside an unexplained dead girl. What are friends for? Each year in the United States, unparalleled innovations in medical diagnostics, treatment, and technology hit the market. But when the same devices designed to save patients end up harming them, who is accountable? A traumatized writer moves to upstate New York with his family, but when hostile townspeople invade his privacy and a cunning shaman manipulates him, his life spirals out of control. A migrant worker named Austin finds himself the target of a deadly corporate cover-up in a small Wyoming town. An NYU philosophy grad struggles to maintain artistic and personal integrity as a production manager for Columbia House. A high school swim champion with a troubled past enrolls in the U.S. Coast Guard's 'A' School, where legendary rescue swimmer, Ben Randall teaches him some hard lessons about loss, love, and self-sacrifice. A comedic blend of murder, mystery and marijuana. Trying to escape the infamy of a serial killer father, Trent Modine and his goof-ball stepbrother Joey, both seeking a new start, find refuge in the small town of Mooseheart. Heather and her friends have some devilish fun on the social website, ConnectMeNet. However, their amusement has come at the expense of a lonely and medicated half-wit, Jerry Tobin. After goading him into humiliating himself on camera in various cruel acts of depravity, they post the clips online for the world to see in a video titled "Revenge on a Creeper". This ruins Jerry's meager life and he disappears without a trace... Fast forward a year, and the tables are now turned when Jerry reemerges, off the antipsychotic medication that clouded his thoughts and kept his demons at bay. Now the girls are forced into a nightmarish fight for their lives! A young, beautiful and rich girl, Dimpy Singh, approaches Samrat Tilakdhari, a private investigator, with a strange case. Their garden got ruined for reasons that appear natural but are not known; leading horticulturists have examined the fading plants but they have not been able to identify the probable reason. Further, her father's favorite horse died; once again the reason for the pre-mature death remains a mystery. That's not the end; Dimpy's father Mahendra Pratap Singh, otherwise a very strong and balanced man, has been experiencing deteriorating health. All these aspects when combined makes the case sound weird and that grabs the attention of Samrat. Samrat along with his assistant friend, Chakradhar Pandey, visits the huge estate of Mahendra Pratap Singh. As he starts investigating, he discovers lots of mysterious facts. This French slapstick comedy stars the musician/comedian foursome Les Charlots, as valets to the Four Musketeers. One of the film's highlights is a mutual kicking session between Cardinal Richelieu, the King, and a monk. This comedy foursome was enormously popular in 1970s France, and they made a huge number of films during that period. Jonathan Ecks, an FBI agent, realizes that he must join with his lifelong enemy, Agent Sever, a rogue DIA agent with whom he is in mortal combat, in order to defeat a common enemy. That enemy has developed a "micro-device" that can be injected into victims in order to kill them at will. An eccentric millionaire hides $3 million of gold somewhere in the Rocky Mountains, luring thousands out on a wild treasure hunt in search of riches and redemption. A botched diamond burglary and a dead publishing company executive set off a string of murders and betrayal in this suspensful, nonstop thriller! The sequel to Paul Tanter's "He Who Dares" will continue to follow the Special Air Service (SAS) anti-hijacking counter-terrorism team. In the thriller, Christopher Lowe finds himself summoned to 10 Downing Street to be dishonorably discharged from the SAS for disobeying a direct order, despite the fact that he saved the Prime Minister's only daughter. The larger-than-life story of Kim Dotcom, the "most wanted man online", is extraordinary enough, but the battle between Dotcom and the US Government and entertainment industry - being fought in New Zealand - is one that goes to the heart of ownership, privacy and piracy in the digital age. As Felicitas' life is turned upside down she doesn't know if her nightmares are taking over or if something bigger is trying to control her - and the only way to find out the truth is her best friend Natascha who is locked up in an asylum. Brenner returns to Graz, the city where he grew up. When confronted with his old friends, his former girlfriend and the major sin he committed when he was young, murders and a fateful gunshot to the head result. After Brenner comes out of a coma, he begins to search for the person who tried to kill him - however, everybody claims that he himself is responsible. In the beginning Brenner was at the end of his rope, but he could face a new beginning in the end. Glass Jaw is the redemption story of Travis Austin, a one time champion boxer who goes to prison and loses everything. After his release, he experiences the trials and tribulations of redeeming his reputation, his belt, and his true love. A serial murderer has brutally killed several policemen and their pregnant wives. After a quick investigation, the murderer is revealed to be Kit, whom the case's detective-in-charge knows from a previous case. Once upon a time, Kit was an innocent boy in a rural village who also has a crush on naive high school student Wing. After the death of Wing's grandmother, Kit rescues Wing from a foster care facility, and the two quickly fall in love. However, their romance ends prematurely when a local policeman arrests them. The events that follow lay the seeds for Kit's terrifying path to vengeance. BB is the provocative story of a girl named Leah who, under the name "Candy Cummings", performs strip shows online from her apartment for thousands of strangers every day, never fully knowing the extent of evils that could be watching on the other side of the screen. This is a dramatic chain of events in the most glamorous ,swinging era of Hindi films... the 1960s. It was a decade when film stars tasted success and carried their larger than life screen image on to real life with unbridled pomp and splendour. It was during this time that two ambitious films were made... Ujwal Nirmal Sheetal and Reena Mera Naam. The latter became a runaway hit while the former was struggling at the box office. In 2257, a taxi driver is unintentionally given the task of saving a young girl who is part of the key that will ensure the survival of humanity. Learn daily prayers through delightful songs as Francesco converts natural enemies into lifelong friends! The animals quickly learn that friendship and cooperation make life, work and play more fun, and that sometimes the smallest of the group can make the greatest contribution toward mending a Broken Cross. A man returns from vacation to find that his family has been kidnapped. He is handed over a cell phone, the caller on which gives him a set of instructions that he must follow to save his family. However, he soon realizes that he has been implicated in a bombing. Class 12 students Jeeva and Karthika are in love but her parents are against their romance. Jeeva's aggressive streak only complicates matters. Will there be a happy ending for these youngsters? An elevated genre horror film about a single mother who wakes up in a medical facility to find that everyone is dead and she's nine months pregnant.  As she struggles to escape she discovers the facility's secret, they've tampered with the boundaries of death and brought people back to life, but those who've returned, have not returned alone. A year after becoming the toast of New York City's art scene, photographer Max Martin has lost his ability to take a decent picture. On the night before his make-or-break gallery opening, surrounded by the trappings of success but devoid of inspiration, Max embarks on a bizarre trek through the city in search of ten mysterious photographs that could save his career. Shot in brilliant color and dramatic black and white, first-time director Jeremy Stein's industrial New York City is a wonderland, roamed by witches and magical creatures, where survival hinges on the completion of a simple quest. Accompanied by an unlikely crew of strangers he meets along the way, Max trips through a modern-day Oz and rediscovers the easily forgotten value of seeing magic reflected in everyday life. An accident in Malta leaves ghostwriter Alice with memory loss. Suffering from writer's block, she returns to the island to recover when she meets the sensual Sara. As they bond, a shady stranger begins to taint the stay with mystery. Tough kids from tough backgrounds living dangerous lives - these are the young people of the Oasis, a grimy brick youth refuge in inner-city Sydney. No story is too horrific, no circumstance too dire, no kid too damaged for its tireless director, Captain Paul Moulds. Father figure, counselor, saviour and an orphan himself, Paul is nothing short of a legend amongst those who stumble in at breaking point with nowhere left to go. This raw observational documentary filmed over two years captures Paul's daily battle to save these lost children of the so-called "Lucky Country". Tough gangster film from Senegal centering around a young dealer and his girlfriend. Sam Flynn, the tech-savvy and daring son of Kevin Flynn, investigates his father's disappearance and is pulled into The Grid. With the help of a mysterious program named Quorra, Sam quests to stop evil dictator Clu from crossing into the real world. Set after the events of Continental Drift, Scrat's epic pursuit of his elusive acorn catapults him outside of Earth, where he accidentally sets off a series of cosmic events that transform and threaten the planet. To save themselves from peril, Manny, Sid, Diego, and the rest of the herd leave their home and embark on a quest full of thrills and spills, highs and lows, laughter and adventure while traveling to exotic new lands and encountering a host of colorful new characters.  A high school swim champion with a troubled past enrolls in the U.S. Coast Guard's 'A' School, where legendary rescue swimmer, Ben Randall teaches him some hard lessons about loss, love, and self-sacrifice.  After finding an ad online for "video work," Sara, a video artist whose primary focus is creating intimacy with lonely men, thinks she may have found the subject of her dreams. She drives to a remote house in the forest and meets a man claiming to be a serial killer. Unable to resist the chance to create a truly shocking piece of art, she agrees to spend the day with him. However, as the day goes on, she discovers she may have dug herself into a hole from which she can't escape. A woman enters an underground bunker where gifted children use augmented reality technology to wreak havoc. During a game of poker, a guest brings a lot to the table.  ---  From TheBuffNerds, this is a thriller short film.  Hold'em is a short film shot entirely in one take with no cuts or edit splices. A weekend boating party turns into a nightmare for a group of young Londoners when they stumble upon a terrifying secret hidden in the reeds. Jan is an absolute heartthrob and a diehard Hertha fan. Katrin is attractive, just as successful and an incorrigible romantic. Chance makes the two the ideal couple. At least almost. Everything would be perfect if the two flagship models of their species did not lapse into primeval behavioral patterns. And so Jan sinks a little too deep in the cleavage of his secretary Melanie, and Katrin can not resist the adventurer Jonathan's lead role. A sweet-natured charity worker finds his life turned upside down, when he falls in love with a mysterious woman. You arrive at a secret location at a precise time, prompted by a mysterious email. You must follow the instructions closely. Once inside, disturbing visions begin. Unspeakable acts befall you--often frightening, sometimes sensual, possibly painful--each stimulating your deepest fears. And when it's over, you are changed, abandoned, and left wondering what is real and what was merely a game. 'Toon star Roger is worried that his wife Jessica is playing pattycake with someone else, so the studio hires detective Eddie Valiant to snoop on her. But the stakes are quickly raised when Marvin Acme is found dead and Roger is the prime suspect. In this adaptation of the critically acclaimed debut novel by Iranian American author Dalia Sofer, a secular Jewish family is caught up in the maelstrom of the 1979 Iranian Revolution. A fanatic medical student has developed a serum that causes extremely realistic visions. When a young woman who is a subject of his, begins taking the serum, she has terrifying visions of her own death. Larry the Cable Guy offers a sidesplitting stand-up performance in front of an enthusiastic audience of 50,000 fans in this Fourth of July 2009 special filmed live at Lincoln's Memorial Stadium in the comedian's home state of Nebraska. Larry's hilarious bits include "Prostate Professional," "Global Warming," "Hot Dog Whisperer," "Male Enhancement," "Boob Tube," "Truck Talk," "Buying in Bulk," "Bad Ventriloquist" and more. Following the death of his employer and mentor, Bumpy Johnson, Frank Lucas establishes himself as the number one importer of heroin in the Harlem district of Manhattan. He does so by buying heroin directly from the source in South East Asia and he comes up with a unique way of importing the drugs into the United States. Partly based on a true story. A pervert, murderer, and hopeless romantic, Allen Dean is on a 7-day journey to discovery his real true love. He is torn between Denise the waitress, who he believes he loves, and his first true love, murder. Celal, 30ish year old writer at a magazine. He is fond of beautiful girls. After getting busted by his girlfriend with another girl,he kicked out from their apartment. He searches for a place to stay and searches a place to stay. He stops by an old, ruined house for a room for rent. He checks the room, he revolts from the mess. While leaving the house, he sees a beautiful girl is living next door... He changes his mind and hires the room. Unaware of strange things will happen in the house. An ex-model teams up with a soldier to thwart aliens who are propelling global warming to make Earth habitable for their species A stand-up comedian confesses to a murder on-stage at an open mic night to a shocked audience - his crime the result of a deadly triangle formed between his older sister, just released from prison after a 20-year stay for the murder of their parents, the loving bond he now shares with a caring surrogate family, and the ultimate choice he must make between them - his dysfunctional blood ties with his own sister, or his picturesque view of the ideal family. Struggling to find the truth behind her son's mysterious death, an estranged mother must confront her own hidden guilt. A hit man receives the assignment to kill a woman. But what seems as another job complicates when he is about to execute her, but does not. He will have to go after those who gave him the contract, for, in his profession, those who do not comply with their duty end up dead. But the question remains, why did he not kill the woman? A documentary filmmaker travels to a UFO convention in New Mexico where he meets a local artist with a dark secret. As they follow a trail of clues they discover disturbing sightings and question all they believe when they become immersed in the enigmatic culture of the Pueblo Indians. The drama tells the story of Lennon's teenage years and the start of his journey to becoming a successful musician. The story also examines the impact on his early life and personality of the two dominant females in his childhood  In the southern province of Chumporn in 1939, Khun Pan is a police detective who defeats a gang of bandits despite having just one bullet in his pistol. Khun Pun is renowned for his sorcery and spells, which give him a supernatural protective power. After defeating the Pa Daeng gang, Khun Pan volunteers to take on the most dangerous mission: to hunt the ferocious Alhawee Yalu, the dark lord of the southernmost provinces who's also skilled in black magic and who spreads terror across the Budo Mountain. Alhawee Yalu is feared for his invulnerability - no bullets can hurt him - while his dagger is the most ruthless weapon. Abe is an ambitious journalist. Debra is an idealistic whistle-blower. In a few minutes, they will meet. An hour later, one of them will be dead. When a group of misfits is hired by an unknown third party to burglarize a desolate house and acquire a rare VHS tape, they discover more found footage than they bargained for. In this holiday prequel, it's 1997 and Sunnyvale Trailer Park is getting ready for the holiday season. Julian's got a great idea to make money this Christmas, Ricky gets confused between God and Santa, and Bubbles tries to get the Boys together for an annual Christmas bonfire.  Meanwhile, Mr. Lahey is thrilled because Christmas is the only day of the year that his wife Barb allows him to have a few drinks. Directed by series creator Mike Clattenburg, this hour-long special takes place before Jamie was J-Roc, before Randy and Lahey were a couple, and before the Shitmobile was missing a door. Hailed as the UK's most influential comedian of all time, legendary Scot Billy Connolly is coming to cinemas with this brilliant show from his final stand-up tour. Recorded in 2015, during the Australian leg, this whip smart routine is a riotous journey filled with outrageous tales and blistering observations of everyday absurdities. Screening as a special one-night-only event, Connolly will also muse upon his career, life and legacy in a deeply personal interview filmed exclusively for cinema audiences. A promising artist and a singer fall in love in college and get married against their families wishes. The singer starts to perform to support her husband and becomes nationally known.The artist fails to sell anything and becomes alcoholic. A big shot prosecutor Teodor Szacki divorces his wife and leaves Warsaw to "start a new life" in picturesque town in southeast Poland  Sandomierz. After a short while he is called in to investigate a strange and mysterious murder case. Alienated in provincial reality he struggles to find a killer, when he stumbles upon more victims. While the investigation continues he realizes that all murders are connected to alleged historical Jewish ritual killings. Those murders prompt a wave of antiSemitic hysteria in the town. In his investigation Szacki must wrestle with the painful tangle of PolishJewish relations and real findings of his work  that roots of some legends arefantasy, not a grain of truth... Tyler is a young man who is desperately seeking direction from a world that seems to have abandoned him. Searching for answers he looks to his new friend Indrid who appears to have it all figured out. Every camper's worst nightmare came true at Lake Bodom in 1960 when four teenagers were stabbed to death while sleeping in their tent. As the years passed and the case grew cold, the unsolved mystery turned into an urban legend, a creepy campfire story passed from generation to generation. Now, a group of teenagers arrives at the same campsite, hoping to solve the murder by reconstructing it minute by minute. As night falls, it turns out that not all of them are there to play. Tonight... it's girls against boys. Let the killing games begin. Two alluring young ladies live with their beautiful widowed aunt on a secluded wooded estate. The women have earned themselves quite a reputation in the surrounding towns and men from all over the region are frequent visitors to the small countryside home, hoping to encounter one, or preferably both, of the seductive nieces. Of course, the aunt has equally strong desires and refuses to be outdone. Soon all three are offering the many courters the chance to Come Play with Me! Set in a near-future, militarized world marked by closed borders, virtual labor and a global digital network that joins minds and experiences, three strangers risk their lives to connect with each other and break the barriers of technology. Woo-gon, a passionate manager who lost everything due to stock advertisements and a specialist gets together to find out the truth behind the rumors that have shaken up the country. From precious information to distribution, this crime chasing movie surrounds the invisible truth. The Freeling family move in with Diane's mother in an effort to escape the trauma and aftermath of Carol Anne's abduction by the Beast. But the Beast is not to be put off so easily and appears in a ghostly apparition as the Reverend Kane, a religeous zealot responsible for the deaths of his many followers. His goal is simple - he wants the angelic Carol Anne. Luke Palmer, a Los Angeles widower, has been in therapy for a year since his wife's accused killer was found Not Guilty at trial. In an attempt to get away from his anguish, Luke takes a trip to Scottsdale for a three-day vacation, but is kidnapped and awakens to find himself in a room with a recording device...and an electrified restraining chair.  The next thing Luke knows, a hooded man is dragged into the room and secured in the chair. The hood is removed to reveal Galen Terry, the man acquitted for Luke's wife's murder. An ominous voice comes over a loudspeaker and says "My name is Justice. You are here to retry the case of California vs. Terry for the murder of your wife... The defendant's chair is electrified. The electricity is controlled by the red button. Feel free to use it." When a murder suspect is found dead, homicide detective Doug Ellis is forced to close one case, only to open another. But his obsession with the truth places him squarely in the middle of the case he's supposed to be investigating. Robert Williams is called by the police during a business meeting. His wife Lauren is in shock, after finding a dead man in her home. More dead bodies are found in the city the day after. The modus operandi looks the same but there's something not quite right. Is it the same killer or a copycat? Police start investigating the mysterious murders. Rachel, a female war veteran returns home only to launch her own personal vendetta against the criminal underworld when a family member mysteriously dies. The underworld kingpin rules with an iron fist and those below her are terrified when her name is even mentioned. In order to get closer to the inner sanctum, Rachel takes on the identity of "Angel" a go-go dancer at a popular nightclub. As "Angel" learns details about the organization, she begins to exact her revenge against anyone she deems responsible for her family member's death. However, a detective is hot on Angel's trail as he investigates the death and destruction left in her wake. After one woman proclaims war against a band of drug dealers, pornographers, and criminal kingpins, will vengeance rule above all else? The whereabouts of a rare package filled with uncut diamonds becomes unknown. Local thieves, lovers, mob men, and families hunt down this prized possession for their own personal gain. Through the struggle of finding this package, human love and passion are exploited oddly enough through sin. These arbitrary citizens chase their immortality, which is ultimately deceiving only themselves from that fact that every human being will die someday. As they say, pride comes before the fall, and pride is overwhelmingly abundant in the city of Ventura. A lonely doctor who once occupied an unusual lakeside home begins exchanging love letters with its former resident, a frustrated architect. They must try to unravel the mystery behind their extraordinary romance before it's too late. Gowtham (Jiiva) has a troubled childhood once his mother goes astray. He develops a dislike towards women in general and would often been seen in a pensive mood. Things change for the better when he bonds with Sri (Vinay) and Baby (Santhanam) at school. They make a pact that they would never marry in life. When circumstances force Sri and Baby to deviate from this, the bonding of the trio breaks and Gowtham comes to understanding how his perceived misconceptions about life is so untrue. Satish (Jai), is a newly appointed medical representative, who is basically a family man, living with his brother an auto-rickshaw driver. Sathish is always embarrassed about his mobile phone, and much to his delight picks up a phone which is left carelessly by its owner at a tea shop. The mobile phone gets him into trouble and his carefree life with girlfriend Naveena (Swathi) turns upside down. When Anamika, the girl who he is on a date with, is kidnapped, Arjun goes to the police for help and gets into a dangerous situation from where there is no escape. Karthik, who has ESP, helps his friend Panda win a betting game with his power, but this lands him in trouble with Randhai, the gangster who funded the betting operation, who, now, wants him to use his power and make a killing at a casino. During the Cold War, the Soviet Union captures U.S. pilot Francis Gary Powers after shooting down his U-2 spy plane. Sentenced to 10 years in prison, Powers' only hope is New York lawyer James Donovan, recruited by a CIA operative to negotiate his release. Donovan boards a plane to Berlin, hoping to win the young man's freedom through a prisoner exchange. If all goes well, the Russians would get Rudolf Abel, the convicted spy who Donovan defended in court. A trip to the store turns into a surreal nightmare when a college student is kidnapped by a deranged, dysfunctional family. Now Audra West finds herself trapped in the middle of the desert, and betrothed to Adam, the youngest son of the murderous clan. As a determined detective conducts a frantic search, Audra realizes the only way to survive is to escape. But even if she could get away, almost two hundred miles of desert lies between her and help. Live features "Morning Musume.'14 Concert Tour 2014 Aki Give Me More Love - Michishige Sayumi Sotsugyo Kinen Special -" held at Yokohama Arena on November 26, 2014. The leader of Morning Musume/ '14, Sayumi Michishige graduated from the group on this day. Also includes her graduation ceremony. A troubled young woman inherits a cabin filled with memories, but revealed secrets of the past ruin her hopes of a fresh start. Fame proves elusive for comic Jesse Sanchez, who reflects on life from the bottom of a bathtub in this film based on John Leguizamo's one-man show. The story that unfolds has it all: love, loss, mistakes, adventure and redemption. Bruce Wayne is missing. Alfred covers for him while Nightwing and Robin patrol Gotham City in his stead. And a new player, Batwoman, investigates Batman's disappearance. A legend of Argentine rock travels to Iquitos to find an old Healer and participate in his Ayahuasca ceremony. You will have to go through the jungle and your own ghosts, on your way to healing. A girl and her friends find a game in the attic that summons a creature known as The Midnight Man, who uses their worst fears against them. Arnulfo Rubio smuggles weapons from Arizona to Mexico for a drug cartel, but he is being investigated by agent Harris. When agent Harris blows his covers, he and Arnulfo end up in a journey where he will be the hostage of this young criminal. The patients and staff of a secluded heroin treatment center must do battle with more than their own demons as a mysterious killer begins picking them off one-by-one. n the starting scene, a common man kidnaps Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh in a private old age home event in Hyderabad. News goes viral and everyone from Local to Central cabinet starts taking the issue personally. Home Minister appoints Police Commissioner (Posani Krishna Murali) for rescuing CM. He get hold of Srikar(Vishnu) who helped him kidnap CM. Srikar explains how he met Manchodu Srinu(Nara Rohit) and sunaina to Commissioner. As cops strive to get clues about kidnapper, Seenu comes out with whacky yet valid demands that mostly deals with Indian currency and economy. The rest of story is all about the background of Seenu and why he has kidnapped CM. Hari and Ravi are identical twins who share a very delicate and special emotional bond. When Hari dies in an accident, Ravi goes into a strange state of psychosis. Yousuf, a cop tries to uncover the mystery involved in the case. Burma, a gangster and politician, is after Vijay, who, he thinks, has swindled him of a huge amount of money. But Vijay claims that the money was stolen from him. Is he lying? If not, who has stolen the money and why? Four young men make a risky investment together that gets them into trouble with the mob. David Locke is a world-weary American journalist who has been sent to cover a conflict in northern Africa, but he makes little progress with the story. When he discovers the body of a stranger who looks similar to him, Locke assumes the dead man's identity. However, he soon finds out that the man was an arms dealer, leading Locke into dangerous situations. Aided by a beautiful woman, Locke attempts to avoid both the police and criminals out to get him. Percy and Veronica have been housesitting at a palatial modern spread in the Hollywood Hills for the summer, but the real world of New York, jobs and young professional struggles are merely days away. Nonetheless they are in a hurry to leave this paradise, because the tranquility was broken by an unwanted visit by former college classmate Freedgood. His time since their liberal arts' years has been marked by imprisonment, shady business associations, and drug dealing. And as we learn quickly, this has lead to the man's demise, an interested LAPD detective, and a longing for the everyday strife that seems so much more desirable than staying in their false Eden. Kevin McCallister's parents have split up. Now living with his mom, he decides to spend Christmas with his dad at the mansion of his father's rich girlfriend, Natalie. Meanwhile robber Marv Merchants, one of the villains from the first two movies, partners up with a new criminal named Vera to hit Natalie's mansion.   INTER SCI climatologist Dr. David Kotzman has evidence that a shift in the Earth's polarity triggered the last Ice Age...in a single day. Now, it's happening again, and there's no time to escape. As the temperature plummets, Miami is blasted with snow and ice. Evacuation routes are jammed. The only chance David, his old flame Bryn, and a few other hopeful survivors have is to hole themselves up in a special chamber at INTER SCI. A desperate race for survival is ignited as nature's fury rages and the temperature plunges toward -459.67deg F...ABSOLUTE ZERO! Obsessed with the supernatural world, 4 ghosthunters search for the existence of supernatural activities in places rumored to be haunted. Unable to get any real evidence for their planned TV show, they decide to give up and apply for real jobs...until a challenge for a mall owner comes to them. The challenge: survive 24 hours in a haunted mall and they will receive US$ 50,000. Deciding that this is their final chance to get the evidence they need for their TV show, they accept. But what happens when they actually encounter supernatural forces out of their control? Four friends break into an abandoned insane asylum in search of a death certificate which will grant one of them a large inheritance. However, finding it soon becomes the least of their worries in a place haunted by dark memories. Three lives are intricately linked during a New Years Eve "Key Party" for Swingers: A young newlywed is forced into an open relationship by her star-athlete husband and best friend an ill-fated club owner reunites with old friends to realize the bond they once shared is in jeopardy and a loving father has to reconcile his relationship with his estranged brother to save the life of his daughter. Cody and Zack are approached to join the Gemini Project, a high-tech research center studying the dynamics between twins. Shockingly, they find themselves interconnected in a whole new way! When one twin experiences something, the other twin feels it too. This newfound revelation helps them see eye to eye for the first time, and it puts them in more danger than they could have imagined. This story is based on real incidents, set in the year 2003 - 2004 in ravenous terrains of Buxar District of Bihar. In this imaginative independent drama, Angela (Chloe Winkel) is a French art student living in Germany who loves to draw comics and creates elaborate tales drawn in a soft and romantic style. One night, Angela meets Yamamoto (Jon Yang), a club DJ from Japan, who invites her to come to Tokyo with him. Infatuated with Yamamoto, Angela impulsively agrees, and is soon sharing an apartment with a handful of Western expatriates who work at a nightclub where Japanese businessmen drink, sing karaoke, and date the "hostesses" for a fee. To escape their marital problems, a young family travels from the city to spend the summer in Amish Country where a malevolent presence grips them. They soon discover that they were brought there for a reason and they must break free before the demonic hold consumes them. Henry Steele is a basketball phenom at his small town high school, but when he matriculates to a big city university on a scholarship, soon realizes that he has few skills outside the sport. Expected by his coach to contribute significantly to the team, Henry is overwhelmed by the demands on his time, the "big business" aspect of college sports, and the fact that he never fully learned to read. Things look bleak for Henry when Janet Hays, a pretty graduate student, is assigned as Henry's tutor. Her intellect and strength lift Henry out of his doldrums just in time to battle the coach, who attempts to rescind Henry's scholarship. When a student takes on a theology project, he taps into another side that had been hidden away from him. Gon, a Korean hitman bred in the United States where he works for a Chinese triad, usually flawless in taking out his targets, makes a terrible mistake in fulfilling a mission. Swamped by feelings of regret, Gon no longer wants to be a hitman, but, in order to tie up loose ends, his boss forces him to do another job in Korea. Capturing John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr in their electrifying element, 'A Hard Day's Night' is a wildly irreverent journey through this pastiche of a day in the life of The Beatles during 1964. The band have to use all their guile and wit to avoid the pursuing fans and press to reach their scheduled television performance, in spite of Paul's troublemaking grandfather and Ringo's arrest. 7 professional poker players compete for 10 million pesos. When one of them falls dead all become suspects, being forced to spend a long evening until the police discovers who is the murderer. Can you stall the inevitable? Jezebel has been living a normal life with Rachel; her best friend, roommate and cousin. A horrible tragedy strikes and changes her life forever. Surrounded by a string of murders, Jezebel struggles with the death of her cousin and the haunting memories in her daily life. This feature film shows Jezebel working through therapy sessions trying to learn how to deal with her depression. In her grief Jezebel makes unwise decisions that may lead her to the same fate as Rachel. Can she stall her own demise? When a world renowned Chinese sommelier residing in France is contacted by his childhood buddy in China to help him auction for a bottle of 1855 vintage wine on behalf of the Chinese government, he agrees without question. Little does he realize he is about to be sucked into an age-old feud between rivaling vineyards and a historical mystery that might shatter the whole oenological industry. A small-town Sheriff discovers there is something wrong with the sleepy town of Golden Torch, and he quickly realizes he may not get out alive. A woman argues with her daughter in the park, few minutes later, the daughter is held captive by a maniac, The mother has to execute insane actions for the next sixty minutes if she wants to see again her daughter. Untold and lost history. A true story of the American Pathfinders, the volunteer paratroopers whose deadly mission was to land 30 minutes before the Normandy invasion, locate and mark strategic "drop zones" and set up the top-secret navigation equipment needed to guide the main airborne assault on D-Day. Everyone loves Joe Ridley, except Joe. Dark, crushing depression envelops him and a childhood trauma haunts him. Elly loves him but he is pushing her away. Can he save himself before he loses everything? A freak tsunami traps shoppers at a coastal Australian supermarket inside the building ... along with a 12-foot great white shark. Time and space fracture in this short originally made during the 48hour project. "Broken Vows" tells the story of Patrick Flynn (Bentley), whose charm and charisma masks a profound psychosis. Patrick seduces Tara Bloom (Alexander), instantly becoming infatuated with the beauty. But when Tara rejects Patrick, he is sent spiraling into madness and delusion, erupting into psychotic rage. Tara is forced to find the strength to stop Patrick from destroying her love, her family, and her life. Three students Ramzi, Sam and Sahar sent by their psychology teacher Nour to a Lebanese village Ain AL Jen to investigate a series of supernatural activities. Luke Powers travels to L.A. to find that his brother has been murdered in a back alley martial arts tournament. Luke enters the tournament circuit to try to flush out his brother's killer. With the help of a trainer and former fighter, Lucke enters what he thinks will be a victorious battle. A troubled veteran gets a chance at redemption by protecting a girl from an assassin after she witnesses a murder. Holding a shotgun with a single shell, he engages in physical and psychological warfare in a desperate fight for the girl's life. With the aid of a fellow Auschwitz survivor and a hand-written letter, an elderly man with dementia goes in search of the person responsible for the death of his family. A small town loner and a rebellious punk rocker unexpectedly fall in love as they are forced on the run and soon discover violence follows them everywhere. V/H/S: VIRAL's segments include the story of a deranged illusionist who obtains a magical object of great power, a homemade machine that opens a door to a parallel world, teenage skaters that unwillingly become targets of a Mexican death cult ritual, and a sinister, shadowy organization that is tracking a serial killer. The segments are tied together by the story of a group of fame-obsessed teens following a violent car chase in LA that unwittingly become stars of the next internet sensation. Satya's (Kunchacko Boban) is a successful lawyer who is gaining notoriety for his choice of clients.  He is pulled into a case involving a suicide attempt by Maya (Namitha Pramod). Kira's skin starts to age rapidly, dry out and crumble away. But then she discovers that she can replace her own skin with somebody else's. After a failed assassination attempt, a soldier finds himself stranded in the desert. Exposed to the elements, he must survive the dangers of the desert and battle the psychological and physical toll of the treacherous conditions. On July 4th, private Jay Williams returns home from the Middle East, but a mysterious epidemic breaks out and infects his friends at his party. On the road to salvation, Jay is joined by his ex-sergeant, who reveals chilling secrets leading to a conspiracy. The night has just begun, as they embark on a survival quest for the ultimate truth. A girl is forced to return to her hometown from London after her mother's death and the break-up of her relationship. Taking a job as a night cleaner in a restaurant, she is troubled by the appearance of the ghost of a girl who disappeared years ago. A mystery unfolds around her, putting her in danger of meeting the same fate. Deepak Singh was an ex army person and owned a small garment shop in a Rajasthani village. When his life struck by a tragedy, he migrates to Mumbai, with his wife and young child, hoping for a better life. However, upon arriving, he soon discovers the challenges of life in a big city. To escape her abusive boyfriend, Kat joins a wilderness expedition with a group of women, all of whom are struggling with the uncertainty of life. What was supposed to be an opportunity for personal discovery quickly becomes a fight for survival, forcing each one to discover the strength within themselves that they didn't even know they possessed. While being brazenly chased by a pack of predators, the strong quickly set themselves apart from the weak. In a battle of will, stamina, and heart, these very virtues present themselves at the most crucial moment. With death looming, each is left with what is truly important - the strength within oneself. An ambitious young journalist uncovers the horrific slaughter of 22,000 Polish officers during World War II, a secret kept hidden for far too many years. A mystery thriller directed by Laura Thies. A mentally-disturbed aspiring actor returning to New York City discovers the world of social media and faces the horrifying power of the Internet. Sathuranga Vettai 2 ("Chess Hunt 2") is an upcoming Indian Tamil-language thriller film directed by Nirmal Kumar and written by Vinoth. While video chatting one night, six high school friends receive a Skype message from a classmate who killed herself exactly one year ago. At first they think it's a prank, but when the girl starts revealing the friends' darkest secrets, they realize they are dealing with something out of this world, something that wants them dead. Three friends head to the seafront for a drunken weekend, only to be imprisoned on the top floor of their holiday apartment by a malevolent paranormal force. Franklin and his family flee from New York City to the countryside to defect from the evil Woodlawn Crime Family and its leader Don Gatti. From DC Comics comes the Suicide Squad, an antihero team of incarcerated supervillains who act as deniable assets for the United States government, undertaking high-risk black ops missions in exchange for commuted prison sentences. The human being is a sick animal; its natural impulses and drive for self-development have been imprisoned by reason and culture. Lou and Martin, two adolescents living on an island, attempt to escape the suffocation of overprotective parents. Will they succeed in building trust in the midst of forces that drive them apart? The new female warden of a high-security prison faces challenges when an inmate puts up a bounty to anyone who can break him out of jail. A young woman bound in the front seat of a parked car watches helpless as her captor methodically digs a grave in the desert ground. The bloody lifeless body of her boyfriend lies framed in the rear-view mirror, a fate she will fight at all costs to avoid for herself. But this is only the beginning of a brutal struggle where survival could be worse than death. When Michele, the CEO of a gaming software company, is attacked in her home by an unknown assailant, she refuses to let it alter her precisely ordered life. She manages crises involving family, all the while becoming engaged in a game of cat and mouse with her stalker. 7 year old Matias returns home from a friend's birthday party to find his mother, Laura, unconscious on the floor. When she recovers her senses they decide to leave home and rush to a shelter for abused women where they spend 48 hours before Laura decides to rebuild her life somewhere else. Through the eyes of Matias we will discover their escape in a city where everything Matias once knew feels dangerous and foreign until Laura finds a secure place to raise her son. Death, which did not happen - it's just the beginning. Iryna miraculously survived after an accident. Facing death changed her forever. From time to time, Iryna started to see visions. They were short fragments episodes, fragmentary images. She couldn't understand it, and how does this relate to her. Over time, she learned to analyze what is happening in her head, and it started to bear fruit. Iryna began to solve the crime scenes. This is a story that is dangerously balancing on the edge of life and death, reality and dreaming, white lie and killing truth. A story that will change forever the fate of the inhabitants of a small town. The famous psychologist Xu Ruining has a raising career, when he met the troublesome patient Ren Xiaoyan. The meeting is not easy as feeble-looking Ren is point by point against him. 18 year old Jason Dorkel belongs to a community of gypsies. He is about to celebrate his baptism when his half-brother Fred returns after fifteen years in prison. Together, with their last brother, the violent, hot-headed Michael and their Christian activist cousin, the four young people set off on a binge among the "gadjos" in search of a cargo of copper. Jen's romantic getaway with her wealthy (married) boyfriend is disrupted when his friends arrive for an impromptu hunting trip. Tension mounts at the house until the situation culminates in an unexpected way. A group of traveling friends who are hoping for a fun filled weekend getaway, find themselves in the cross hairs of one of the most dangerous and prolific serial killers in history. Two drifters bum around, visit earthy women and discuss opening a car wash in Pittsburgh. A man discovers a series of brutal murders while on his daily jog. Realizing his home is next in the path of the killers, he races with all he's got to save his family. Four desperate teenagers. A night of sexy mayhem. The big city. Or so the plan goes, until a series of misadventures later, Babai, Pele, Ria and Payal end up in a locked shopping mall in the dead of the night. Alone at last... until an old couple appears out of nowhere with a piece of folded leather and a glass container with two dice made of bone. A game. Simple, but deadly. They call it Ludo. A game defiled by a young couple centuries ago. An unbreakable curse, a living board, eons of bloodbath spanning the subcontinent. A game that has reached this city. Not just monsters, but prisoners of fate. Immortal lovers existing under a curse that will not die. They live within the game. Blood must spill. Bone must shatter. Beware the rattle of the Ludo dice. Four desperate teenagers. A night of sexy mayhem. The big city. Or so the plan goes, until a series of misadventures later, Babai, Pele, Ria and Payal end up in a locked shopping mall in the dead of the night. Alone at last... until an old couple appears out of nowhere with a piece of folded leather and a glass container with two dice made of bone. A game. Simple, but deadly. They call it Ludo. A game defiled by a young couple centuries ago. An unbreakable curse, a living board, eons of bloodbath spanning the subcontinent. A game that has reached this city. Not just monsters, but prisoners of fate. Immortal lovers existing under a curse that will not die. They live within the game. Blood must spill. Bone must shatter. Beware the rattle of the Ludo dice. Linda has a seemingly perfect marriage with her rugged and handsome husband Mark and an adorable 8 year old daughter, Chloe. But when Chloe is injured by an elderly babysitter who has slipped into dementia, Linda wants to ensure that her child is never hurt again. Initially, Heather, the new babysitter, seems like the ideal addition to this practically perfect family. But Heather is a schemer who exploits the cracks in Mark and Linda's relationship, and delights in the resulting chaos. As Linda later learns, to her horror, Heather's intentions go far beyond the mischievous. Harvey Middleman (Eugene Troobnick), a New York fireman, lives a very ordinary life with his wife (Arlene Golonka) and children. After he rescues a beautiful girl (Patricia Harty) from a fire, he fancies himself to be in love with her, leaving his wife and seeking help, in the process, from a nutty Psychiatrist (Hermione Gingold). A coming-of-middle-age comedy that chronicles the unlikely friendship between failed author Richard Dunne and a Long Island teen who teaches him a thing or two about growing up, all under the disapproving eye of his long-suffering wife and his imaginary Superhero friend. A young bride in the midst of her wedding finds herself mysteriously transported to the TARDIS. The Doctor must discover what her connection is with the Empress of Racnoss's plan to destroy the world. Johnny and Peter, former paramilitary operatives, search Bangkok - leaving carnage in their wake - to find the men who killed Johnny's daughter, Angel. Rebellious teenager Kim Temple (Louisa Connolly-Burnham) has a strange affliction that makes her feel very insecure: stressful situations cause her to lose consciousness. Rajawadi Remand Home is in lot of controversy because of many illegal activities. DK, a news channel bureau chief wants to bring the facts out but the system is not so easy to expose. Thiago and Guilherme, two teenage cousins from Sao Paulo, Brazil, are disturbed by their grandfather's funeral. To avoid the unpleasantness surrounding the event, they run away to the families cabin, taking their friend Priscila with them. All vile things must come to an end, and for Daria Morgendorffer that means it's time to look beyond high school to college. Our little girl has grown up so fast. It's time for higher learning, lowered expectations, and a heavy dose of sarcasm. Life can't suck more after high school, can it? When a young man, down on his luck, learns about his father's killer's parole, it sets off a cat and mouse chase through the hostile desert, searching for a hidden family inheritance. A freshman on campus discovers that the only way to be admitted into the sorority of her dreams is to seduce a nerdy introverted guy and film it. When the sorority "prank" goes viral, the boy is discovered dead from apparent suicide, but his sister does not buy it. She goes under cover to expose the sororities' hidden secrets. Liu Xing a brilliant Chinese student, arrives at University and makes the transition into American life with the help of Joanna Silver. Xing joins a cosmology group working to create a model of the origins of the universe. He is obsessed with the study of dark matter and a theory that conflicts with the group's model. When he begins to make breakthroughs of his own, he encounters obstructions. Venatus is a suspenseful plot that revolves around a woman in danger, and a mysterious character. Venatus is serious and realistic. A young man decides to introduce his fiance to his family. On the way his car breaks down, he gets way more than he bargained. German, an honest family man, sees how his whole world wobbles the night when, driving home, accidentally runs over two teenage girls. From that moment, German will have to do everything in his power to prevent his life from being destroyed forever. A newly possessed cheerleader turns into a killer who specializes in offing her male classmates. Can her best friend put an end to the horror? A group of native Liberian missionaries make a desperate cross-country trip through their war torn country to save one of their own. Shhh is a fantasy/horror short tale about a young boy, Guillermo, who uses his imagination to overcome his bully: a hair-eating monster. Tired of being scared, Guillermo eventually takes matters into his own hands. It's only then that we realize the monster might not be as fictitious as one may have thought. Stelios Dimitrakopoulos has 32 hours left before he loses everything. From the jazz bar he painstakingly keeps running for years, to his own family. The Romanian gangster who lent him money, now demands the debt to be paid. The middle-man and former friend, makes Stelios take care of illegal errands. His wife is seriously thinking of abandoning him, and a night club owner, not thinking about the consequences, finally starts to stand up for himself. Christmas is coming, the clock is ticking, and the tree in Stelios' house must be decorated. Drushya is a 2014 Indian Kannada language drama thriller film directed by P. Vasu and starring V. Ravichandran and Navya Nair in the lead roles. It is the remake of the 2013 Malayalam film Drishyam, directed by Jeethu Joseph and starring Mohanlal and Meena. The supporting cast feature an ensemble of Achyuth Kumar, Prabhu Ganesan, Asha Sarath, Swaroopini Narayan, Unnathi and Rohith B. Two teenage assassins accept what they think will be a quick-and-easy job, until an unexpected target throws them off their plan. Daisy is the all-American girl next door with a hunger for true love and an appetite for murder. Then one day Daisy meets the man of her dreams, only to discover that his own lust for killing might make her his next victim. Adventure film directed by Mario Soldati. Nothing is what it looks like. Everything is possible. Emotional parasyte dance in a mask play. Monika and Kristina are flatmates and maybe friends. One of the two is a famous YouTuber. One gun, two guns... Based on Miguel Angel Martin's comics, this story won't leave you indifferent. It happens in a world which could be ours, where technology and social media changed the way we relate to each other. Every camper's worst nightmare came true at Lake Bodom in 1960 when four teenagers were stabbed to death while sleeping in their tent. As the years passed and the case grew cold, the unsolved mystery turned into an urban legend, a creepy campfire story passed from generation to generation. Now, a group of teenagers arrives at the same campsite, hoping to solve the murder by reconstructing it minute by minute. As night falls, it turns out that not all of them are there to play. Tonight... it's girls against boys. Let the killing games begin. Mekko gets out of prison after 19 years. He has no home or family so he makes his way to Tulsa. He tries to connect with a cousin but she turns him away. With nowhere to go Mekko ends up sleeping on the streets. He is taken in by the homeless native community. At times jovial, there is a dark undercurrent to the community. He begins having issues with a man named Bill. Bill is pure evil. Convinced that this man is a witch, Mekko turns to the old teachings of his grandmother in order to rid the community of this 'witch'. It's a story of redemption, and hope. Mekko is in search of his home and the strength to forgive himself of his past. 99% of the human race has colonized on Mars. The remaining few work to rehabilitate our dying planet. Each year a small number are selected to return home to aid in the process. For those few, it will be their first glimpse of Earth. We follow them on their journey in this sci-fi psychological thriller. Go home. For the first time. Naku Penta Naku Taka is a 2014 Malayalam-language Indian film directed by Vayalar Madhavan Kutty and produced by Gokulam Gopalan starring Indrajith Sukumaran, Bhama, Murali Gopy and veteran actor Shankar. Jeffery hasn't been the same since the loss of his wife who died during childbirth. Now crisis returns to his life, as his only child is diagnosed with leukemia, sending him into a tailspin. He turns away from his faith, feeling that life is no longer worth living. As God brings reminders of His goodness into Jeffery's life, will that be enough to guide him back to what matters most? Following a driven actor's preparation for a terrifying role. As reality and fantasy blurs, he finds himself lost between both worlds. An amnesiac must reach back into his mind for memories that will help him save the love of his life before a virus completely takes over. Cal Zimmerman, a scientist, is questioned about an experiment he carried out two years ago. Back then, Abel, a man who is heavily invested in his career at the service of a scientific research laboratory, suddenly loses his wife and their only daughter. He is going through a dark period of grieving and loneliness when his world is suddenly turned upside down by the arrival of a child who is the looks very much like his daughter. Overwhelmed, he refuses to lose his mind and confronts this presence, learning how to get to know this girl. Father blames son, son blames father, in this everyday story of witchcraft, murder and cannibalism. The year is 1941 and a young woman, Kate Kensington, struggles with the loss of her fiancee who was stationed at Pearl Harbor. This film revolves around the inexplicable murders during the shooting of a film. And as the film progresses, the story unfolds and so does the mystery. Follows the Hartman family and their dealings with a legendary creature when it begins coming around their farm house deep in the woods in the late 1960s. The Damned Thing, inspired by Ambrose Bierce's classic short-story of the same title, is the apocalyptic tale of a monstrous force that devastates Sheriff Kevin Reddle's family and his small Texas town of Cloverdale. As a child, Reddle's father goes berserk, guns down his wife, and almost kills Kevin before being disemboweled by an invisible force. Before he dies, Kevin's father says the "damned thing" has found him.... When her husband's sex game goes wrong, Jessie (who is handcuffed to a bed in a remote lake house) faces warped visions, dark secrets and a dire choice. After inadvertently causing his lover's death, a guilt-ridden geneticist begins an obsessive hunt for the gene that triggers his previsions of impending deaths. A young couple deliberately moves into a haunted house to contact the other side. Until their conduit, a painted black mirror proves to contain a malevolent presence hell-bent on bringing harm to their new family. After a teenage girl reports a rape, her village ostracizes her and her family. A lonely waitress with a tragic past, Agnes rooms in a run-down motel, living in fear of her abusive, recently paroled ex-husband. But when Agnes begins a tentative romance with Peter, an eccentric, nervous drifter, she starts to feel hopeful again - until the first bugs arrive...  After struggling to find employment, Amanda takes a hotel position in a small town where she ends up fighting for her life. In a world of code, a video game character named Ares finds more than he ever thought computable. From the author and artist of The Universe Is Virtual and The Universe Is a Dream, Binary Erasure is a metaphorical journey into the fundamental nature of reality. Mia Roarke is an actress quickly approaching 40. She's had her moment in the spotlight and now struggles to get back to where she once was. Or anywhere. Mia can't catch a break, and in the cutthroat world of The Business, Mia is her own worst enemy. No matter how hard she tries, she's competing in a younger woman's world and she can't get used to the idea that she's 'too old' and no longer viable. Her agent wants to get rid of her, she's got a controlling mother she supports and an ex husband who is poised for stardom. Then, a strange and humiliating turn of events gives her the chance to come back into the spotlight. Immediately after the events of The Desolation of Smaug, Bilbo and the dwarves try to defend Erebor's mountain of treasure from others who claim it: the men of the ruined Laketown and the elves of Mirkwood. Meanwhile an army of Orcs led by Azog the Defiler is marching on Erebor, fueled by the rise of the dark lord Sauron. Dwarves, elves and men must unite, and the hope for Middle-Earth falls into Bilbo's hands. Joli returns home after spending a long period in rehab. Her father, Anthony, a famous city politician, is quite concerned about her conduct and reintegration into society. This is the time when father and daughter will fix the broken ties of the relationship. Construction worker Douglas Quaid discovers a memory chip in his brain during a virtual-reality trip. He also finds that his past has been invented to conceal a plot of planetary domination. Soon, he's off to Mars to find out who he is and who planted the chip. Amal works as a security guard in a mall and is tempted by the world of wealth surrounding him. When a close friend introduces him to the underworld element, he becomes trapped in a web of greed, lust and crime. A corrupt olive oil trader's life spirals out of control when he forms an alliance with a mysterious man. In 1981, an enthusiastic young adventurer follows his dreams into the Bolivian Amazon jungle with two friends and a guide with a mysterious past. Their journey quickly turns into a terrifying ordeal as the darkest elements of human nature and the deadliest threats of the wilderness lead to an all-out fight for survival. Six eager students strike out to explore and record live footage of supernatural activity at an abandoned plantation, but one unsettled spirit gives them more than they asked for. A private investigator helps a former flame solve the murder of her wealthy grandfather, who lived in a sprawling estate surrounded by his idiosyncratic family. Three friends on a wilderness excursion must outrun a white collar criminal hellbent on retrieving his cash, but soon their greed turns them against each other. A modern re-telling of Treasure of the Sierra Madre (1948). After a catastrophic event, eight girls find themselves stranded in a house without electricity. As they run out of food and water, their sanity begins to crumble, and soon they regress to their baser instincts. An ornithologist battles a family of bird poachers in the Florida Everglades. When Sophie's son, Garrett, develops a mysterious illness, she embarks on a search for answers. This leads her into the controversial world of Genetically Modified Organisms (GMOs) where a sociopolitical battle rages between organic farmers and big biotech corporations. As her desperation grows, so too does her quest for knowledge. And the deeper she goes, a more heightened sense of danger develops that preys on her state of mind, as she attempts to discover the root cause of her son's illness. A dysfunctional family awake on Christmas morning to discover they're sealed inside their house by a mysterious black substance. On television, a single line of text reads: "Stay Indoors and Await Further Instructions." No overview found. Based on the comic by Fujiko Minako. Played as a double feature with That's Cunning! Shijo saidai no sakusen. A Thames River barge operator finds a mysterious package dropped by smugglers. James has served time for drowning a little boy when he was a child, although the body was never found in the river. A visit from his victim's mother upon parole sends him on a quest to find the truth. With little time and danger at every turn, James risks his freedom and his life to uncover the trail of sins that might give closure to the grieving mother. Henry Brogen, an aging assassin tries to get out of the business but finds himself in the ultimate battle: fighting his own clone who is 25 years younger than him and at the peak of his abilities. Robert McCall, who serves an unflinching justice for the exploited and oppressed, embarks on a relentless, globe-trotting quest for vengeance when a long-time girl friend is murdered. In WikiRebels, we learn about the early hacker life of Julian Assange, and his later decision to form an organization where whistleblowers can anonymously pass information that documents crime and immorality. His stated goal is to expose injustice, and nothing exemplifies this more than the leaked film entitled "Collateral Murder." WikiRebels shows other films released by WikiLeaks, and catalogs the most significant leaks since its 2006 inception, including the Iceland banking scandal, Kenya corruption and death squads, and toxic dumping in Cote D'Ivoire. Kaanchi movie is a musical thriller with a love story. It is a story of the inner power of a woman who represents millions of suppressed youth against unjust in the country. It is also the story of an innocent rural beauty and her fight against power. In the year 180, the death of emperor Marcus Aurelius throws the Roman Empire into chaos.  Maximus is one of the Roman army's most capable and trusted generals and a key advisor to the emperor.  As Marcus' devious son Commodus ascends to the throne, Maximus is set to be executed.  He escapes, but is captured by slave traders.  Renamed Spaniard and forced to become a gladiator, Maximus must battle to the death with other men for the amusement of paying audiences. A group of teens break into a shed to steal a part for their school project where a body is kept on dry ice. Awakening an evil entity, they find out the true meaning of ice cold hell. In the tradition of Grindhouse, Kill Bill and Sin City, award-winning comic book writer Ed Brubaker (Incognito, The Death of Captain America, Daredevil) teams up with stuntwoman-turned-cult star Zoe Bell (Death Proof, TV's "Lost") to deliver a stark, stylish pulp thriller about a very bad girl gone "good." An addict ex-politician whose life has spiraled out of control finds redemption when challenged with keeping his sister-in-law and niece alive during the apocalypse. When a previously unstable, now recovering high school junior begins to have ominous hallucinations of a girl identical to herself, she struggles to defend her sanity while trying to prove that what she's seen wasn't an illusion. Shivaay , a fearless Himalayan mountaineer covered in Lord Shiva tattoos, heads to Bulgaria to fulfill his nine-year-old daughter Gaura's  wish of seeing her mother Olga, who abandoned them years ago. But their plan goes for a toss when the little girl gets kidnapped in the foreign land. Rescuing her from the masked child-traffickers becomes his only reason for survival. After a tragic incident, a psychiatrist offered Faith, Julio, and Stella life-sized dolls to look after to help cope from the loss of their respective daughters: Maria, Leonora, and Teresa. But the toys appears to be controlled by sinister. A family man being held captive in his own home by a psychotic homeless man he has befriended, struggles to free himself before his family is threatened. A young man inherits a broken down estate at the edge of the Peruvian desert, with no explanation about the former owners or what had become of the once thriving house. CIA employee Edward Snowden leaks thousands of classified documents to the press. 4 would be astronauts spend 400 days in a land locked space simulator to test the psychological effects of deep space travel but, when something goes terribly wrong and they are forced to leave the simulation, they discover that everything on earth has changed. Is this real or is the simulation on a higher level than they could have ever imagined? When suburban mother, Caren (Missy Yager), meets a teenager working the streets of Las Vegas, Barbie (Mariah Kirstie), the result is a mother daughter relationship that may save both their lives. In 1967, four undercover CIA agents were sent to NASA posing as a documentary film crew. What they discovered led to one of the biggest conspiracies in American history. Kate Bowman (Jocelin Donahue) is an average social worker who is investigating in the mysterious deaths of people who died in their sleep. Shortly before their deaths, the victims all reported a supernatural force that appeared to them while they were suffering from sleep-paralysis. When Kate investigates further into the case, she opens herself up to the creature's wrath, and soon finds herself, and her family suffering from an ancient evil. On vacation, a man wakes up in an abandoned motel room in a tub of ice and his kidney missing. He finds his wife in the adjacent room waiting to be the next victim to a horrible organ harvesting organization. Originally taking the vacation to work on their failing marriage, they must now set their differences aside to escape before their captors return and their dark secrets are revealed. When Dr. Henry Jones Sr. suddenly goes missing while pursuing the Holy Grail, eminent archaeologist Indiana must team up with Marcus Brody, Sallah and Elsa Schneider to follow in his father's footsteps and stop the Nazis from recovering the power of eternal life.  As they approach the end of childhood, three elementary school kids must brave the woods on Halloween to face a monster born from their nightmares.  It is the story of a young man Steve Wilson who wants to put his troubled past behind him. His passion is music and he gets a chance to hit the big time. An old friend Jack Spider recently escaped from prison, driven by greed, drags our hero back to a life he thought he had left behind. The record deal is waiting. A life saving chance for him and his daughter. Will he get there to sign up or will his worst nightmare come back to haunt him. The spirit of a murdered girl returns with a message. Now a stranded woman must team up with the staff of a local station to solve the mystery of her death. A detective with training in criminal psychology aids the local police's hunt for a female serial killer who seduces unfaithful husbands before murdering them. Six people are thrown together during an elaborate bank heist where any move can alter the outcome. Is it coincidence, or are they merely pawns in a much bigger game. One wild and tumultuous summer in the life of young Jude Traynor as he attempts to navigate his way through a life of delinquency and petty crime. Paulina Buda is my godchild, and I have filmed her since she was very young. Filming portraits allows me to emphasize private gestures and moments beyond narration and documentation. Set in 1995. A helicopter, operated remotely, is hovering in the sky over a nuclear power plant. The power company, prefectural government and media all receive a fax. The fax contains a threat that if the nuclear power plant is not taken offline the helicopter will be dropped. 8 hours is given as the deadline. Making the situation even more dire, a young child is in the helicopter. A young newly married couple Rimi and Bikram are living happily. One day the girl's paternal uncle dies and leaves behind an old traditional house in the northern part of the city of ... Perla is obsessed with having a beauty queen in the family and she is willing to do whatever it takes to make her dream come true.  Alena's life is far from simple. When she arrives at her new elite boarding school, Filippa and the other girls start to harass her. But Alena's best friend Josefin won't let her take anymore beating. If she won't strike back, Josefin will do it for her. Hard. An elderly man attempts to live out his fantasies by watching them in a film. After popular and charismatic megachurch leader Hamilton Spears commits suicide, his teenage daughter Hannah's life goes off the rails. The only thing keeping her together is her new boyfriend, Oliver. When she finds evidence pointing to a church conspiracy and threats toward her father, she is determined to prove that Hamilton's death was murder not suicide. As she gets closer to the truth, she realizes her own mother may be involved in her father's murder...and that the boy she is falling in love with is the son of his killer. Tenacious D documenting their time in the studio with Dave Grohl and Steve McDonald. Timid milkman, Burleigh Sullivan (Lloyd), somehow knocks out a boxing champ in a brawl. The fighter's manager decides to build up the milkman's reputation in a series of fixed fights and then have the champ beat him to regain his title. At a school for troubled youths on an isolated island, a strange and horrifying viral outbreak results in an escalating conflict between the children and the adults. A man awakens in an empty house that he is unable to leave. Battling fatigue, injury and amnesia, and guided only by a cryptic voice on his phone, he begins piecing together fractured memories of the events that led him to be trapped. With a terrifying presence confining him inside the house, he ultimately discovers a truth more horrifying than he could have ever imagined. All is good for Jacob. A plumber by trade, he has a job he enjoys, and a fiance whom he loves. He's the quintessential, everyday man living his life in a provincial coastal Queensland town. A veritable bomb soon shatters his path by way of an old demon from his childhood.  Surrounding lush cane fields turn to icy tundra, as Jacob tries to cope with the crippling anxiety and haunting trauma that he's managed to suppress over the years. Facing his biggest task yet, he is forced to tackle these issues before they swamp his soul and ruin his life. How will he cope with his mental demons? Can he hide them from his loved ones, and continue on with his life unabashed? Will he choose to confront the very source of his anguish head on?  Set with northern Australia's cane country as its backdrop, Talking Back At Thunder delves fearlessly into the barely- lit cavern that is anxiety, trauma, and rage in the everyday Aussie male. In order to close the case files on over a dozen disappearances, a persistent detective, a bereaved senator, and a skeptical prison warden agree to the request of a convicted serial killer - Jim Gardener - granting him a live television interview in exchange for the locations of his remaining victims. But when Gardener faces off against newsman Pierce Lawrence, he reveals that many of the girls he abducted are still alive, in captivity. Gardener uses this information to manipulate Pierce, as well as the warden, the senator, and the detective - setting in motion a sinister plan that will leave them all scrambling for the upper hand. Desperate to turn his life around, a hard-luck gambler risks everything to sell stolen casino chips to a ruthless gunslinger. It's the worst bet of his life. Sam Flynn, the tech-savvy and daring son of Kevin Flynn, investigates his father's disappearance and is pulled into The Grid. With the help of a mysterious program named Quorra, Sam quests to stop evil dictator Clu from crossing into the real world. Former cop-turned-bar owner Kwok and his underachieving half-brother befriends a drunken woman, they soon find themselves targeted by both her former lover, a high-powered attorney, and the gangster he employs. A suitcase full of tainted cash enters the picture as Kwok finds himself torn between the gangsters and his former colleagues. Modern-day urban problems like unemployment and teenage depression come under the microscope. Husband and wife lose their jobs, and their daughter is under considerable stress studying for her college exams. Meanwhile, grandmother is having an unexpected romantic liaison. Will the family be able to pull together to solve their problems? A recently separated man meets many girls online. During her stay in a hospital, a young girl with bandaged eyes encounters a sinister, spectral nurse. After his wife's death, Fernando becomes a quiet and introspective man who raises his son, Daniel by himself. Every night, while the boy is sleeping, Fernando "revives" his wife by touching her clothes and organizing her personal belongings. Paulo does not get along well with his mother-in-law, who judges him unprepared to raise the boy without help. Lonely, Paulo has to resist the advances of his recently divorced sister-in-law. Emma, a college student with a crippling fear of clowns, must come face to face with her worst fear when an evil spirit in the body of a clown is summoned terrorizing the town she calls home. When their friends start dying mysteriously, David and Vinay believe it to be the handiwork of a ghost. However, the cop investigating the case seems to think otherwise and goes after them. What is the mystery here? Rambabu (Venkatesh) is a self-made man and a cable operator in a small village near Vijayanagaram. He has a wife (Meena) and two daughters. His elder daughter's nude shots are secretly captured by an youngster when she attends a nature camp. When he blackmails daughter and mother, he is accidentally killed by them. Rambabu comes to know about the issue and assures that he will save his family against possible imprisonment. Rest of the story is about how he creates a plan, executes it and saves his family. A former industrial saboteur is lured back by her corporate employer for one last job, but her husband disapproves and may need to take action. When down-on-his-luck part-time high school wrestling coach Mike agrees to become legal guardian to an elderly man, his ward's troubled grandson turns out to be a star grappler, sparking dreams of a big win -- until the boy's mother retrieves him. A boyfriend and girlfriend go camping for the weekend and run into an escaped convict. Two kids find themselves in the centre of a deadly game of cat and mouse after taking a sheriff's cruiser for a joy ride. A young woman hired to cater the post-funeral gathering for accused killer Hank Boyd discovers his crimes and death may not be what they seem. A love connection clicks for Lila when she moves back to Berlin and meets Christopher -- never realizing that she's fallen for a rock star who's signed a contract to remain single for life. Showing the tapping of the furnace, and the running of the molten metal into the moulds at Elswick yard. Hoping to do good while making millions, three college graduates create a startup. But as business begins to flourish, their own bond starts to fray. The plot follows Morris (Curran), a recluse with psychotic tendencies, whose life changes when his innocent daughter (Vickers) rescues one of his victims and befriends him. Jake (Hill), an ordinary businessman, soon realizes that he is stranded, and his presence in the house gradually reveals unexpected and dark mysteries from the past. Transform your workout into a cross-country adventure through Utah's beautiful landscape with this interactive 60-minute DVD. Whether you're walking, jogging, running or cycling, now you can visit sites such as Newspaper Rock State Park and the spectacular Canyonlands without leaving the comfort of your home. Accompanied by an energetic music beat, this engaging tour will take your exercise regimen to a new level -- and keep boredom at bay.  A new strain of the South African "Lujo" virus has touched American soil and has made people desperate. Jason has taken in as many people as he can and there's not enough water or food to go around. So when an infected neighbor comes knocking for help and Jason turns him away, it becomes more than a struggle for survival from the virus.  Sandamarutham is an age old story of an honest cop and his mission against a deadly villain, the only silver lining here is that Sarath Kumar has played both the villain and hero. Sarveswaran (Sarath Kumar) is a deadly don in Kumbakonam and he runs the underworld chemical bomb business to devastate the entire country. Mean time, we are shown another Sarath Kumar (Suriya) who is an undercover cop and he gets to know the real side through his honest cop friend Thirumalai (Samuthira Kani) who was murdered by the same chemical bomb. On his mission Suriya also encounters RR (Radharavi) who is a close friend of Sarveshwaran. The rest of the story tells how Suriya knocks down Sarveswaran. For the past 15 years, Fuyukawa Misaki has lived a quiet, reclusive life while keeping her secret well-hidden. With just two months left before the statute of limitations on the murder of her colleague expires, a mysterious man appears in Misaki's life, who says, "I know your secret." Is he a friend or foe? The nameless man who claims to know about Misaki's past does not reveal any personal information about himself, but only says he wants to live with her in exchange for keeping her secret. Hence, a bizarre living arrangement begins. Who is this man and what is his purpose? Meanwhile, conventional detective Kiba is convinced that Misaki is the elusive criminal behind the 15-year old murder case and is determined to uncover evidence to prove his theory. As this peculiar love-suspense drama unfolds, you will need to piece together information to solve the mysterious puzzle of murder while the clock counts down to the expiration deadline.  Ray Ferrier is a divorced dockworker and less-than-perfect father. Soon after his ex-wife and her new husband drop of his teenage son and young daughter for a rare weekend visit, a strange and powerful lightning storm touches down. An unknown enemy is threatening to reveal CIS most protected secrets. Clank begins a search for answers. Every clue that leads closer to uncovering an evil plan will also destroy things he cares about. The right choice must be made. Sharon is a fast-rising PR executive from Singapore, searching for love in Hong Kong, who may have found her dream guy, but as she chases after him online and in person, Sharon quickly finds out the dangers of stalking a secret crush. The Cake Maker is a comedy-thriller centred around one woman, Roxy, and the men in her life. Matt bakes for his Boss, nightclub owner Frank, and occasionally works as a lookout on the street. Roxy is a prostitute who does a runner after a business disagreement. Boss wants her found and sends Rick, his right hand man, to do the searching with henchmen Aristotle and Max in tow. None of the lookouts have seen her, it's as if she's vanished. Everyone's looking for Roxy whilst Matt keeps his head down and Roxy hidden in his flat. Images coming from the crimes committed by a deranged pair of murderers bring a small town woman to the attention of a celebrity lensman. But how much danger will enter her life as a result of all this attention? Admiral James T. Kirk is feeling old; the prospect of accompanying his old ship the Enterprise on a two week cadet cruise is not making him feel any younger. But the training cruise becomes a life or death struggle when Khan escapes from years of exile and captures the power of creation itself. In 2029, a cyborg drifter risks his life to protect a woman from her demented ex. Set in a lawless coastal town after Oregon secedes from the Union. Shannon and Kris embark on a cross country road trip, to put back the pieces of their strained friendship. But it all falls apart when their car breaks down in Kain, Arizona. A place where you can check in anytime you want, but you can never leave. When 9 year old Nellie's entire family dies, she is taken to Gore Orphanage. She quickly learns that some things are worse than losing her own family and she has to fight to survive before she ends up dead also. Based on a true story, 15 year old Tina Spangler discovers she is pregnant. Her choices are abortion, adoption, or a lonely, exhausting life as a single parent. Abandoned by her boyfriend, she turns to her mother. Tina discovers although it has torn her world apart, her pregnancy could re-unite her shattered family and help her find her true purpose in life. After meeting online, Jack and Kristy go on a weekend getaway to the woodlands of rural Missouri. While discovering each other, they soon learn of the terrorizing horrors that the forest has in store. A whiplash thriller in the lean, mean TAKEN tradition from Howard J. Ford, Director/Co-Writer, of the past FrightFest favourites THE DEAD and THE DEAD 2: INDIA. Former FBI agent, now single mother Lisa Brennan, takes a holiday to escape an unhappy love affair and painful family memories. But in a heartbeat is not only faced with a daughter kidnapped by human traffickers, but also faces murder charges and must keep one step ahead of the foreign police. Fasten your seatbelts for spectacular twists, startling turns and breathless suspense in a jolt-a-minute journey no mother should go on! A newly appointed cemetery chairman believes that, merely by inserting a black plot-marking pin into a wall-sized map of the cemetery, he can cause the deaths of that plot's owner. Five carnival workers are kidnapped and held hostage in an abandoned, Hell-like compound where they are forced to participate in a violent game, the goal of which is to survive twelve hours against a gang of sadistic clowns. Harry Musk is one in a million. That means that he's the one out of a million children who is perfectly proportioned but will never grow larger than a typical six-year-old. Adult, pint-sized Harry longs to be part of the big world. Two men went searching for ghosts, but they found themselves instead... Connor Wright reluctantly returns to his hometown after his estranged mother suddenly passes away. Tasked with managing the sale of the estate, he employs the help of Jessi and Alex, his childhood friends, to assist in the organization of things. As the trio bond again after years apart, events begin to transpire that suggest they may not be alone in the now-vacant home. A terrible secret and the aftermath of some nefarious deeds of the past stalk the grounds of the residence, waiting for the perfect moment to strike. Emma is a young and beautiful graduate student just starting a new life in New York City. Like most people her age, she is always connected - her phone and laptop are constant companions, documenting her most intimate moments. What she doesn't realize is that she's sharing her life with an uninvited and dangerous guest. A hacker is following Emma's every move. When the voyeuristic thrill of watching her digitally isn't enough, the situation escalates to a dangerous and terrifying level. Counter Clockwise is a sci-fi thriller/dark comedy about a scientist who accidentally invents time travel and is zapped six months into the future. He finds himself in a sinister upside down world where his wife and sister are murdered and he's the main suspect. He's forced to go back in time to uncover the mystery surrounding their deaths. A small group of men and women , whose children got murdered, take justice into their own hands. HARDEEP, RASHMI and ATUL are brothers and sisters. Which means they can say anything they like to each other, no matter how honest. Mad, Sad and Bad is a 90-minute comedy about mixed race relationships set in Luton. It's about mid-thirties siblings and friends whose personal lives are continuously messed up by their own selfish needs. Mad, Sad and Bad explores our contemporary metropolitan neuroses through the intersecting lives of these siblings and their friends. The narrative slips from one character to the next as they escape and attack each other. all reluctant members of the same dysfunctional family. Written by Ed Barratt A seemingly happy couple's life is turned upside down in a single day when a stranger walks into their life. He orders them to do the strangest of tasks if they want to see their daughter alive. What does he want? A group of young people went on a abandoned hostel in Sligo, Ireland. After they play a really creepy game, all of them disappear. It focuses on Lester who, upon getting the cursed bagua, starts to get all the luck and prosperity he could get in his life, but with deadly consequences. Two children, under a death threat run away from Juarez, join a journalist, who has just lost his son in a car accident, to become a new family. During a long journey in a short time, everything will spin around death, the fragile universe of love and life's traps. After a third tour of duty in Afghanistan, a Marine sergeant returns home to find herself hemorrhaging anxiety and paranoia from unseen wounds. Interstellar travel at sub-light speeds: the enormous distances, isolation from human culture and the aching loneliness of space are enough to drive the strongest personality insane. Better to block all memories of human contact and to program the 12-strong crew to accept only the reality they can see and touch within their spacecraft. But a child born on "the Station" becomes insistent on learning the truth about 'Outside'. A man trapped in an automated prison must outsmart a computer in order to escape and try and find his way back to the outside world that may already be wiped out. With the help of government-issued pamphlets, an elderly British couple build a shelter and prepare for an impending nuclear attack, unaware that times and the nature of war have changed from their romantic memories of World War II. Bisexual attorney Alain is bedding his female boss, his murderer client, the client's hairdresser girlfriend, and a precocious boy who knows what he wants and tries to convince Alain that he can 'have it all'. A young pickpocket in the New York subways, living a fast, free, lifestyle is confronted by a woman whom he had a one night affair with, she informs him that she is now pregnant with his child, he must now choose between continuing the lifestyle he lead or take responsibility for his actions. The Anatomy of a Great Deception is a quasi-political, spiritual documentary following businessman-turned-filmmaker, David Hooper as he deals with the emotions of his own investigation into the events of 9/11. An aspiring young physician, Robert Merivel found himself in the service of King Charles II and saves the life of someone close to the King. Merivel joins the King's court and lives the high life provided to someone of his position. Merivel is ordered to marry his King's mistress in order to divert the queens suspicions. He is given one order by the king and that is not to fall in love. The situation worsens when Merivel finds himself in love with his new wife. Eventually, the King finds out and relieves Merivel of his position and wealth. His fall from grace leaves Merivel where he first started. And through his travels and reunions with an old friend, he rediscovers his love for true medicine and what it really means to be a physician. It's getting late on a Friday night and Ralph is keen to get out of the office, but the boss won't let him. No big deal, right? It's just that the full moon is rising and Ralph is a werewolf. On the night of September 29, 2008, the Irish government decided to guarantee the entire domestic banking system.'The Guarantee' tells the story of that night, and what led to it. Suk-gyu is desperately looking for his runaway daughter. He spares neither money nor effort and after a while his search leads to results. One of his contacts claims to have found the girl. But joy is replaced by shock when he finds out that she works as a prostitute in the center of Seoul. Suk-gyu decides to pose as a client to get close to his daughter. But just before the long awaited and dreaded reunion, panic breaks out at nearby Seoul Station. The place is very popular with the homeless of the Korean capital. And one of them, who had died during the day, comes alive again and start attacking and eating another misfortunate. The undead cannibal epidemic spreads like wildfire. The authorities hermetically close off the city center and decide to wait out the end of the outbreak, until there's no one left...  Steve (Farhaan Faasil) is a teenager college student, handsome and carefree. Having all the inquisitiveness and misdemeanours that's typical of a virile young man, he has an extraordinary air of innocence that makes him very likeable. Being the son of a DYSP, he stays in Police quarters, with its limited space and privacy that's irksome to a teenager. Anjali (Ahaana Krishna) is his childhood friend, staying in the same Police residential area, for whom Steve realizes he nurtures more than just friendly emotions. As life begins to look more colorful and promising, Steve encounters his destiny on the street, with little warning. His innocence that's fearless and unperturbed embarks on a journey into the brutal and the vicious domain that's so strongly active in today's society. Trying to provide for his wife and daughter, Travis Wallien becomes entangled in a drug deal that goes south. To save himself and his family he must convince his wife to flee with him to the wilderness, where their already strained relationship is put to the test. Against the backdrop of the icy waters of Northern Minnesota, the secrets they keep are revealed and the fight for their future begins as they are forced to decide how far they will go for the ones they love.  A young couple moves into an infamous New York apartment building to start a family. Things become frightening as Rosemary begins to suspect her unborn baby isn't safe around their strange neighbors. When the daughter of veteran 911 call center operator Pamela, and her estranged husband Jeremy, a Senior Police Officer, is kidnapped and held hostage, they are left desperate, with no choice but to follow the kidnapper's rules: send messages through dispatch for all police and fire units to scatter to remote locations throughout the city where they are met with chaos. Not knowing who or why, the one thing they do know is if they fail to discreetly collaborate with one another - they will be solely responsible for facilitating the biggest crime in the city's history. Now they must race against the clock to make the choice of their lives - save the city - or save their daughter. Alex is a divorced father and overstressed executive. His daily routine is work, work, work. Tonight, Alex is in real hurry and due to meet a beautiful young stranger... who contacted him via the internet. But this blind date will flip him into a downward spiral disrupting his life forever, as Alex starts to realize that he has become the victim of a male predator who is evil beyond comparison. An original werewolf film.  Leonardo Rossellini is an Italian priest from Rome, assigned to a parish in Payatas, a poor area of Metromanila, Philippines. Leonardo's mission is to counsel battered women and teach poor children. But soon his peace of mind is distraught by the encounter of a woman he used to love when he was still a seminarian. This young woman, Merlinda, is now married to a violent man. She also has a 6 years old child who is missing. Leonardo decides to help her find her son. A social media Vblogger and his close friends find themselves the victims of an unending series of pranks after opening a mysterious package sent from an online friend, pranks that soon take a more sinister and deadly turn. In a futuristic totalitarian society, people have no control of their lives or their destiny. Weighed down by his deadbeat father and unrelenting financial debts, Joss is forced to sink deeper into a criminal underworld to escape his burdens. As the line between his two lives thins, Joss frantically begins constructing an escape from his sins he commits before they swallow him whole. Starring Carr Cavender, Molly Beucher and directed by Jesse Keller. A backstage romance leads a pair of actors down a dark path, as they discover their lives beginning to mirror the story of Shakespeare's bloodiest play. Casablanca, a city of contrasts, modern and traditional. Kamel is a murderer for hire who receives his encrypted assignments online. After his executions, he usually calls Souad, an occasional prostitute. But the phone is always answered by her friend Kenza, traffic officer and responsible for the largest roundabout in the city. Kamel soon falls in love with that voice and begins to seek her. Meanwhile, Hicham, a computer hacker, who dreams of emigrating to Europe, is infiltrated by chance in Kamel plans ... Ray Steppin, a small-town sheriff in the mountains of Syzygy County Alaska is awakened early one morning with a hangover of steep proportions. He's summoned to the gruesome crime scene where a bevy of bodies have been found at a remote cabin; and one is still breathing. As the investigation deepens and night begins to fall, it becomes more and more clear that what Ray and his deputies (and the local coroner/priest) are up against isn't natural and that nothing is what it seems. The child survivor of Victorville's most infamous murder case that brutally claimed the life of her mother, Alexis is now turning 21 and the sole heir to the Victorville estate. But when she receives the deed to her old family home, she also receives it's secrets. Making the house her new home yet unable to shake the feeling that evil forces within it are responsible for creepy occurrences, Alexis and her friends investigate the home's history and discover that the dangerous entity may have been responsible for her mother's death and so many more. James Bond must investigate a mysterious murder case of a British agent in New Orleans. Soon he finds himself up against a gangster boss named Mr. Big. Released after 20 years in prison, ex-con Charlie Sundstrom (Bailey Chase) returns to his home town to find that his estranged son, who has disappeared into the criminal underworld, is being hunted by a ruthless gang leader. Charlie enlists the help of a rogue corrections officer (Dylan Baker), to help in the search. But the corrections officer has a tragic past of his own. Soon their desperate lives will clash in a game-changing climax. In the tradition of films like 'Se7en', 'The Usual Suspects' and 'Angel Heart', 'No Beast So Fierce' draws much of its meaning and power from its shocking ending. In the first half of this century, young Li Tienlu joins a travelling puppet theatre and subsequently makes a career as one of Taiwan's leading puppeteers. In a last ditch effort to save his marriage, Ernie Mills decides to test a love drug on two unsuspecting real estate agents before ultimately giving it to his unsuspecting wife. Madness, murder and hijinks ensue. I am aged 7, I fear for my life. I run to a convent door. Cry for my Mother and Father. But they are no more... Now I am 21, locked in a swirling mist. Music is the only key that will unlock. My Lonely Me Traveling in 11-minute increments, a time-tumbler from 48-years in the future spends two years of his life weaving through a two-hour wedding reception. Members of a drug ring and a bloodthirsty bear pursue a man and a woman through the Alaskan wilderness. Professional killer Holland is forced out of retirement to break a Central American government's political torture ring when one of his friends, a Latin American journalist, is killed. The murderer, Doctor Clement Molloch, is the master sadist behind the political torture of innocent victims. Posing as a journalist, Holland lures Molloch out of his fortress-like headquarters by using his murdered friend's wife and daughter as bait. When Holland kidnaps Molloch's sister, the doctor is led on a wild chase that takes him to an abandoned opal mine where he finally comes face to face with Holland. While helping the CIA to develop a deadly computer virus, a computer engineer finds himself as the target of an assassination.  Seth Gecko and his younger brother Richard are on the run after a bloody bank robbery in Texas. They escape across the border into Mexico and will be home-free the next morning, when they pay off the local kingpin. They just have to survive 'from dusk till dawn' at the rendezvous point, which turns out to be a Hell of a strip joint. A security guard, trapped in a run-down inner-city medical clinic, is terrorized by supernatural forces which threaten to overtake her. A woman who suffers from agoraphobia soon realizes her fear of the outside world is nothing compared to what she finds in her home. Ramiro is a teacher from the south of Chile that does not expect much of life. His relationship with his wife Irma has been out of a passion for years. Unexpectedly Irma decides to abandon him. The surrounding events take out the worst of Ramiro while he becomes an obscure person. A story of transformation, when the darkness within rises. Beneath Anna Poliatova's striking beauty lies a secret that will unleash her indelible strength and skill to become one of the world's most feared government assassins. After several years in prison, Anders is finally released. His sister Mia is looking forward for them to reconnect and rediscover their close bond. However, the past is not easy to escape and the two sibling's brutal childhood still haunts them both. Anders quickly falls back into his old destructive habits, while Mia soon discovers a much more sinister side of herself and the people around her Workaholic Jim Evers and his wife/business partner, Sara get a call one night from mansion owner, Edward Gracey wants to sell his house. Once the Evers family arrive at the mansion a butler takes them to dine with Gracey. Gracey takes one look at Sara and he thinks she's his lost lover. Pauline begins to lose track of time, misplace things and find herself disoriented. She fears falling victim to a disease, but all is not as it seems. She must find the truth and prove it to the police and herself. REPARATION is a powerful psychological thriller that swirls like a funnel cloud around Bob Stevens -- a small-town farmer with a three-year hole in his memory. When a mysterious stranger, Jerome, shows up claiming to have been his best friend in the Air Force Police, Bob's peaceful existence begins to unravel from the outside in. Bob's entire family is caught in the storm -- but none more than Bob's eight year-old daughter, Charlotte, who discovers that she might hold the key to conjuring Bob's forgotten past. As Charlotte comes to learn, "every time something happens that knocks us out of balance, we try doing something that will knock us back in..." That universal theme of balance is the soul of REPARATION. In the present, in Spain, Miguel's mind, affected by a brain disease, seems cloistered in the past, in Argentina, in the seventies, when he risked his life for his ideals. He is obsessed with finding a woman named Diana. Mario, his son, who has been away from Miguel for a long time, now feels compelled to unravel the mystery of a name that, like a curse, pursues his father. An American nanny is shocked that her new English family's boy is actually a life-sized doll. After she violates a list of strict rules, disturbing events make her believe that the doll is really alive. Five strangers are brought together in a remote part of the Middle East by a doctor who claims she can solve their shared dreams of a ferocious demon. Sam and her friends are terrorised during a party by a group of young men on a desperate hunt for something in her house. The mind is a terrible thing to waste Based on a real-life incident, 100 Degree Celsius revolves around the lives of five women - a housewife, banker, IT professional, TV reporter and a college student. "Hi, I am Tony" is a psycho thriller based on happenings in a day in Bangalore.Sameer (Asif Ali)and Tina (Mia) elopes to Bangalore after their days of love.They live in a flat owned by Achayan (Biju Menon). Tony (Lal)comes to their flat after he had an encounter with them. Poor Gregory, after being released from the Wishing Well Sanatorium, all he wants to do is make the children happy. So Gregory reopens the old ice cream factory, and all the unappreciative brats are reprocessed into the flavor of the day. Jai and Neha, eloping to Hyderabad to get married, offer lift to a stranger on the highway not realizing that he is a murderous psychopath who has escaped from a mental asylum. Nikhil Siddharth and Swati Reddy are back once again onscreen with Karthikeya. The mystery of the Subramanian Swamy temple which has remained closed for years is the crux of the movie. Local people in the village are curious why the temple has been locked up for years? The lead protagonists take the initiative to solve the mystery. Raghavan, a simple and lonely man, comes out of jail. His life changes after he meets Anjali, a journalist who wants to prove herself professionally. Anand Raj And Sarath Kumar play role of high spirited youths wanting to reform the society, both wish to be police but Anand Raj misses out. He is turned to me rowdy who doesn't care about law and institutions. Sarath Kumar becomes the good cop and does his job, but falls prey to scheming villain's and loses his job. Sarath Kumar and Anandraj reunion is death bell for villain Nambiar. The movie has adrenalin pumping action scenes and dialogues are highly political. Eva, a resilient and alluring young woman jockey, infiltrates the stables of Pope Healy, a wealthy racing magnate. Determined to get revenge on behalf of her late father, her plan is thrown into chaos when she falls for Pope's wayward son. Is Eva ruthless enough to kill Pope and bring down his empire or will she give up revenge for love? "Dog," an ex-militiaman granted amnesty by the government, is now an assassin for hire. One of his missions leads him to a Christian church where he meets Milagros, an adolescent towards whom he feels a strange attraction. Among prayers, tears, and assassinations, the voice of the temple's apostle prompts Dog to question his own raison d'etre. His gun is on the verge of becoming a sword of God In comic Woody Allen's film debut, he took the Japanese action film "International Secret Police: Key of Keys" and re-dubbed it, changing the plot to make it revolve around a secret egg salad recipe. An abandoned paramour tracks her lover down to a distant lighthouse. When she finds her beyond hope, she must find a way to save a child from the malignant spirit of her deceased father and the madness of her mother. Luc and his English friend Chris take a taxi to go home after partying hard all evening in Paris. At destination, they run away without paying the fare. They got the wrong driver for this... The taxi goes immediately into hunting mode, chasing them all night, wherever they go. But does he only want his money back? A retired widow has her daily routine derailed when she starts receiving mysterious, anonymous phone calls. An English teacher's life turns upside-down once a new student moves in across the street. In-Soo (Kang Ha-Neul) has a special gift to see ghosts and has become isolated from other students because of this. He transfers to a high school in a rural area outside of Seoul. There, In-Soo meets a female ghost (Kim So-Eun) at the high school and forms a friendship with her.  Meanwhile, classmates disappear one by one. A man inherits a mansion, which once was a mental home. He visits the place and begins to investigate some crimes that happened in old times, scaring the people living in the region. Story starts with a summer fling between a provincial guy and a big-city girl. The holiday is over, the beauty returns to the city and receives a marriage proposal from a rich admirer. The provincial boy comes back being unable to let her go. Things get messy when their passion oversteps all the limits. Soon contemporary Romeo and Juliet get confused about what is really important turning into consuming 'Locust': overwhelming love they have leads them to commit brutal murders. After a family moves into an old Victorian home, they discover a chest in the attic containing antiques tainted by a malevolent spirit. As the antiques slowly possess each family member, the spirit grows stronger, hellbent on kidnapping the children. A jealous mobster chases a screenwriter, who likes his friend, from New York to the Caribbean. Two room mates finally get a new fridge from their landlord but it is old, broke, and haunted. After an unprecedented global pandemic has turned the majority of humankind into violent infected beings, Morgan, a man gifted with the ability to speak the infected's new language, leads the last survivors on a hunt for patient zero and a cure. When three generations of women return to post-Soviet Europe to care for an ailing patriarch, they face a corrupt healthcare system and discover a society and a past that both links them together and sets them apart. Joe Estevez Every social worker has a deep down desire to see justice for those who can't help themselves. David Harris is no longer watching and listening from his desk. Something inside him pushes him to do something about it. Former cop Filip Marold doesn't want to be reminded of some things from his past. But others remind him... He works as a private detective, sleeps with his secretary and spies on people for money. All up to the moment when he meets seductive Raluca and his life turns upside down. Is it just a coincidence? Fate? Or has someone set a trap? Even in his wildest dreams he wouldn't imagine the things that were about to happen. Things that involve sex, murder, the big reveal and a harsh reminder of that damn past... When Vicki Maloney is randomly abducted from a suburban street by a disturbed couple, she soon observes the dynamic between her captors and quickly realises she must drive a wedge between them if she is to survive. Tribute to entertainer Cilla Black. When a small town near the Arizona-Mexico border is wiped out overnight, suspicion falls on the lone survivor. But a roll of photos the survivor took that night tells a different story. When his SUV breaks down on a remote Southwestern road, Jeff Taylor lets his wife, Amy, hitch a ride with a trucker to get help. When she doesn't return, Jeff fixes his SUV and tracks down the trucker -- who tells the police he's never seen Amy. Johnathan Mostow's tense thriller then follows Jeff's desperate search for his wife, which eventually uncovers a small town's murderous secret. The crew of a local horror movie showcase, used to broadcasting creepy stories of heinous killers, finds themselves trapped with a real killer among them. A large animal is hunting the members of a small town. All information points to it being Bigfoot. The Vigilante Diaries is a high octane action-adventure film featuring 90's movie heroes, explosive action, and international espionage. The film revolves around a team of black-ops agents turned crime-fighters, led by a brooding anti-hero, known only as "The Vigilante." These jam-packed missions of rescue and revenge take us from the mega-mansions and underbelly of Los Angeles to far away places like Iraq, Armenia, Russia, and The United Kingdom to introduce us to a cast of colorful, dangerous, and hilarious characters. From Beverly Hills filmmaker Mike Hanover, to a trio of Asian femme fatales, to ruthless Armenian mobsters, and at the top, a pair of deep cover super spies hell bent on throwing the world into chaos. After a teenager has a terrifying vision of him and his friends dying in a plane crash, he prevents the accident only to have Death hunt them down, one by one. WE GO ON tells the story of one man's quest to find out if there is more out there after we die. Paralyzed by his fear of dying, Miles Grissom offers a cash reward to the first person who can show him a ghost, an angel, a demon anything that can prove that we go on after our deaths. He narrows the responses down to three viable candidates a scientist, a medium, and a worldly entrepreneur. Along with his fiercely protective mother, he embarks on an adventure that will spiral into an unthinkable nightmare. In the town of Cutter, most people keep to themselves. But when John comes home to find his girlfriend missing, he sneaks into his neighbor's house, finding his girlfriend and several other kidnapped people tied up in the basement. When the neighbor come home, John is forced to get out of the house alive and lead the group to safety. An old professor and his student go mountain climbing together. A city PR girl goes on the run accused of leaking information from the military supply company where she works. Chased by ex-soldiers she hides with her brother, a member of a shadowy hacker group, and has to choose between her luxury life - and the Redistributors. When a painter rents a secluded cabin to jump start her creativity, she has sex with a ghost and finds herself part of his plan to bring itself back to life. The Deadly Strands is a 2013 Chinese horror film directed by Zhao Xiaoxi. It stars Leon Dai, Zak Zhai and Kong Qianqian. The film is released in China on 5th July.  A radio talk show host and his family fall on troubled and terror-filled times when the ghost of his suicidal ex-wife finds a mysterious way to seek revenge on her cheating husband and find vindication with the children from his previous marriage. One by one strange accidents begin to occur, and bodies begin to pile up. The only common denominator between the deaths? The talk show host, his daughter, and a long beautiful wig. While confronting his unfaithful boyfriend, Dusty blacks-out. When he comes to, his boyfriend has been murdered and he's the prime suspect. Life for the residents of a tower block begins to run out of control. A man is murdered, apparently by one of a group of soldiers just out of the army. But which one? And why? They don't really know each other. She lives in penury. He holds a pawnshop. Poverty makes her marry him, despite she doesn't love him and even despises. After the marriage takes place, the family war begins. Based on a novel 'A Gentle Creature' by Fyodor Dostoevsky.  An invisible malevolent entity impatiently waits for a family to haunt in this expertly wound and spooky jack-in-the-box of a horror short. An engineer with the US Army Corps is sent to New Orleans after the hurricane the assess the damage. Bizarre happenings and disappearances lead her down a path of political deceit and voodoo. Arvind who came to the city from a rural area, is a naive employee in a company. He cannot tolerate corruption, bribery, breaking rules, lavishness and the urban culture of youth in cities. He is caught by traffic police for a minor mistake though not of his own. Although he has all documents with him, he is asked a bribe by traffic policeman. When he refuses to pay the bribe, a complaint is booked against him and he is sentenced by the court, even though he complains about the bribe. Finally he does a sting operation with 2 of his friends and 10 honest employees in various government offices by applying for identy cards like PAN card, voter card, ration card for an anonymous person. When bike courier Chris witnesses what looks like a murder, his first instinct is to cut and run. But when his curiosity draws him back in, he's soon embroiled in a world of corruption, political power, and illegal bike racing. After the anti-corruption protests, Arvind Kejriwal along with his team members forms a new political party to fight the Delhi elections. World renowned journalist Sara Ogden is traversing the world in pursuit of carriers of a fatally dangerous "Stamp of Cain" in order to prevent seemingly unrelated events such as mass murders, turmoil, revolutions and chaos. She doesn't even suspect how close she is to the edge of the abyss, when in her search she ends up in Belarus to meet face to face with the one, whom she has been searching for her entire life. A young couple gets more than they bargained for when they buy an historic bed and breakfast in New England only to discover that the old house is hiding a dark secret within its walls. People trapped in a warehouse. Film about a collegian woman and the three men who pine for her. A man continually trying and failing to get his wife to stay dead; a self-absorbed ad agency creative director who comes up with one unworkably inane idea after another; a British hitman who only wants to know everyone's function in life; and an unfortunate office worker and father whose brain is left scrambled after a stage hypnotist is murdered in mid-performance. A group of junior high school must find out the truth of their classmate's death is he was killed by someone or committed suicide. The biggest problem of the 19-year-old high school student Jana is the relentless everyday-life and time. She don't want to think about the remaining time until the next event. For her own interests, she prefer to use the time as she would like. But she becomes the victim of her own strategies.. When a group of elite online gamers each receive a mysterious invitation to trial a state-of-the-art virtual reality video game, it's a dream come true and impossible to resist. Arriving at the test site, the group step into hi-tech gear and prepare for a revolutionary, next-level gaming experience that brings modern warfare to life with frightening realism. At first it's a unique and exhilarating experience. But what starts out like a dream encounter with cutting edge technology quickly takes a turn for the sinister. Once the group are attacked by enemy combatants, they soon realize this is no game after all. Make a mistake here and you pay with your life. Now these masters of the shoot 'em up will have to fight for survival within a game gone bad, but this time it's for real.  The ReZort, a post apocalyptic safari, offers paying guests the opportunity to kill zombies in the wake of an outbreak. 89 tells the incredible story of one of football's greatest triumphs: when against all odds Arsenal snatched the Championship title from Liverpool at Anfield in the last minute of the last game of the 1988/89 season. It's a universal tale of a band of brothers who, led by a charismatic and deeply respected manager, came together to defy the odds and create history. Dane Granger is a 25 year old lesbian from a small town in Indiana who has always dreamed big. She reaches for the stars and happened to fall hard for the hometown sweetheart Grace Harper. Grace has demons. Dane has demons. And their demons are hellbent on destroying each other. Dane slips into madness and heartbreak in this self discovery story. Falling in love can be the most painful experience in life. When Timmy Cleary, comes home from soldiering, he's greeted by the open but strained arms of his two parents, John and Nettie. Once considered sickly and weak, he has now distinguished himself in the service and is ready to begin a new life. His parents, however, are still trapped in the bygone days of early and unresolved marital strife and begin emotionally deteriorating through several drama packed encounters. Now mature, the young Tim Cleary finally understands the family dynamics that has played all throughout his boyhood. By the simple act of bringing his mother roses on behalf of his father, Tim realizes he may have destroyed his family, but is helpless to obtain resolution which must come from both his parents. Basia and Marek have been on the run their whole lives. Along with their nine-year-old daughter Ula, they experience what it's like to be an immigrant in Sweden. When a Swedish social worker visits their home, she witnesses Ula's everyday reality, as seen from the perspective of the local culture. Ula is then taken away from her parents and placed in foster care. Will Basia and Marek stick together and fight for Ula? Will they succeed in rebuilding their bond and their family? Saravanan starts a construction company with his friend Prabhu, who has put in money that belongs to his employer Sundar, a loan shark and a goonda. When Sundar realizes this, he demands the money back but Saravanan is cheated by a middleman... Chellapa wants his son Murali to become a police officer like him but Murali's dream is a 'safe' bank job. However, a slew of thefts in ATMs affects them personally and changes the course of Murali's life. Based on real-life events, this crime thriller traces the terrible trail left by a serial rapist and killer, highlighting the ensuing media coverage, public panic and one police officer's personal crusade to capture the psychopath. This collection contains nine music videos of the Bangles from the Columbia Records period from 1984 to 1989.  Two best friends embark on a cross-country road trip pulling hidden-camera pranks on the unsuspecting public. The earth is dying, and those still alive must fight to survive within the wake of unrivaled disasters. The movie plot revolves around a village lad who attends an interview in the city and gets drawn into a web of deceit and revenge. In a former mining town in the American Southwest, a beloved druggist navigates a profound divide between his jovial public persona and his private pain while operating the community's main hub: the sole pharmacy within 4,000 square miles. Aram is a wearied accountant with an unbearably dull existence. With a nagging wife who berates him for not being assertive enough, and a measly paycheck, he quietly suffers while awaiting a long-deserved promotion. But there's more to Aram than his mild-mannered demeanor lets on: he has been secretly devising a scheme to finally get what he feels he is owed. One day he asserts his power menacingly when he kidnaps a schoolgirl and keeps her tied up in an abandoned warehouse. What seems like the perfect plan soon unravels into his worst nightmare, and his carefully constructed scheme comes crashing down piece by bloody piece. When a terrified family flees a desolate southern New Zealand farmhouse, two cynical scientists and a young psychic are sent to investigate their claims of a haunting. There they encounter a powerful spirit that will protect the house's secrets at all costs. The ST team at the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department consists of eccentric members. Some members do not cooperate with others and others do not reveal themselves in front of others. With Samon as the leader of the ST team and young Inspector Tomohisa tasked with managing the team, the ST (Scientific Task Force) attempt to solve the most difficult of cases. The sequel to the 1987 cult hit The Lost Boys takes us to the shady surf city of Luna Bay, California, where vampires quickly dispatch anyone who crosses their path. Into this dark world arrive Chris Emerson (Hilgenbrink) and his younger sister, Nicole (Reeser). Having just lost their parents in a car accident, the siblings move in with their eccentric Aunt Jillian and become new prey... Januari 1963. Ondanks het barre weer besluit het bestuur van het Friese Elfstedencomite, onder druk van de media, met de kleinst mogelijke meerderheid van stemmen, dat de Elfstedentocht doorgaat. Tussen de duizenden die een startbewijs veroveren bevinden zich soldaat Henk Buma (Cas Janssen), boerenzoon Sjoerd Lelkama (Lourens van den Akker), arbeider Kees Ferwerda (Chris Zegers) en verpleegkundige Annemiek (Chava voor in 't Holt). Alle vier hebben zo hun reden om deze tocht der tochten te rijden. Door de dramatische en heroische gebeurtenissen zal deze Elfstedentocht, ook voor Henk, Sjoerd, Kees en Annemiek, als een van de meest legendarische de geschiedenis ingaan. Abraham and his female friend Alex have a close relationship; they share both secrets and fears. When Abraham starts going out with Anchi, he begins to distance himself from Alex, who gradually dives into a living hell where she encounters strange apparitions, nightmarish visions and extreme situations. The Emerging Past Director's Cut 2017 English Movie  Rathaavara means the King's General who is also the best warrior. After narrowly escaping arrest in Prague, Czech mobster Radim "Kacko" Kraviec flees first to Seychelles and then to South Africa where he continues with his criminal endeavours. However, his illicit activities cannot go unnoticed forever. Heartbroken over her parents' breakup and recovering from a car accident, Jane becomes increasingly suspicious of her mother's charming new boyfriend. Jessalyn Gilsig, Jon Cor, Hannah Vandenbygaart star. Lockdown Follows a police officer who returns to duty after recovering from a gun shot wound to discover incriminating evidence of illegal activities against those closest to him. He quickly finds himself trapped inside his own precinct, hunted and in search of the truth, as the crooked cops stop at nothing to recover the evidence. After his young son dies from the negligence at a hospital, Harry Fertig takes matters into his own hands and kills the doctors responsible. Slick lawyer Roy Bleakie, looking only to win a case and not caring of the matters involved, is assigned Fertig's case. Shocked to hear that his client wants to plead guilty, the case causes Bleakie to question his own morals by defending an honorable man. A university professor gradually succumbing to blindness is entranced by an obsessive love, in this modern-day adaptation of a classic Korean fairy tale. An artistic hybrid documentary, ZERO IMPUNITY is the centerpiece of an ambitious global transmedia project. ZERO IMPUNITY sheds a powerful spotlight on the seemingly total Impunity for the use of sexual violence in armed conflicts worldwide. ZERO IMPUNITY is an important and necessary eye opening Scream, raising awareness and outrage.  Seventeen-year-old Stella spends most of her time in the hospital as a cystic fibrosis patient. Her life is full of routines, boundaries and self-control -- all of which get put to the test when she meets Will, an impossibly charming teen who has the same illness. There's an instant flirtation, though restrictions dictate that they must maintain a safe distance between them. As their connection intensifies, so does the temptation to throw the rules out the window and embrace that attraction. Two babies are switched at birth. When the mistake is discovered 12 years later, it leads to complications in the lives of both families. One family is affluent, with dutiful and (apparently) contented children. The other family is poor, with rambunctious (even delinquent) children, often hungry, but with lots of laughter in the house. A dutiful grand-daughter goes home to take care of her elderly grandmother. Once there, she finds herself trapped inside the house with a homicidal maniac. A framed bank clerk breaks jail and is sheltered by a vicar until the culprit is caught in Soho. World War II soldier-turned-U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels investigates the disappearance of a patient from a hospital for the criminally insane, but his efforts are compromised by his troubling visions and also by a mysterious doctor. In a woods filled with magic and fairy tale characters, a baker and his wife set out to end the curse put on them by their neighbor, a spiteful witch. A fearless commando arrives home at the news of his brother's suicide until he starts to deeply investigate the reason behind his mysterious demise. A Coca-Cola bottle dropped from an airplane raises havoc among a normally peaceful tribe of African bushmen who believe it to be a utensil of the gods. In a perfect commercial style we are introduced to a beautiful woman working for spiritual welfare. A man who has turned on the gas, calls her for help During a late night taping of "Dr. Nasty's Cavalcade of Horror", bloody chaos takes place during the screening of two features ("Dinner for Monsters" and "Slit"). Samantha/Nurse Nasty is frustrated by how the show is being run by its womanizing director and its drunk and crazy host Dr. Nasty. An untraceable group of elite bank robbers is chased by a suicidal FBI agent who uncovers a deeper purpose behind the robbery-homicides. A mysterious college professor, Simon Conjurer guides a group of dysfunctionals on a journey of self discovery, as they become the focus of a murder investigation when Simon is framed by his rival, Dr. Crazx (Jon Voight), a Pulitzer prize winning psychiatrist with an unsavory vendetta and a knack for twisted mind games. Experimental film of a trip around Iceland, filmed on the circular highway with a wide angle lens camera registering one frame every 12 seconds. A group of cooks at an asylum for the criminally insane get locked in with the inmates during a massive thunderstorm In a high-rise apartment young parents Alex and Mahsa live with their seven-year-old daughter Mina. Everything about the family is completely normal, uncomfortably real: Their home, their jobs, her school, the way they hold and love each other. The line between fact and fiction is blurred because THEY ARE A REAL family. Until completely normal turns into what they fear the most. Alex's injury opens the door to a malevolent force that attacks and dismantles the family one person at a time: A violent aggressor determined to prove that possession is real, unconscionably disturbing and very different from how it's depicted in the movies. After a cheerleader is sexually assaulted by the high school football team, she must overcome her shame and use the evidence gathered from the subsequent social media firestorm to piece together the night that she can't remember in her fight for justice. Based on the true story of the Steubenville, Ohio rape case. In this smart and incisive thriller, a Dutch cop of Moroccan heritage goes undercover in a Moroccan drug ring and finds there a feeling of belonging he never experienced in "normal" society. Hikers find a secret grove of extra-terrestrial marijuana and must fight for their lives when they anger the other-worldly forces protecting the plants. A psychologist interviews a death row inmate to determine whether or not a stay of execution should be granted. Three years after the fall of the Berlin Wall; six months before the split of Czechoslovakia. Despite all warnings, a young homicide detective sets on investigating a convoluted case that involves Catholic clerical elite and high-ranked agents of the former secret service. Two siblings discover a supernatural escape from a troubled home, but find their bond tested when reality threatens to tear their family apart. Following a worldwide event known as The Reset, humanity rebuilds a society with aging mechanics where gleaming technology once stood. Surveillance now the status quo, society is slowly putting its shattered pieces back together under a watchful eye. After a friend's suicide leaves behind a mysterious computer drive, a young computer prodigy and a shadowy hacker join together to decipher the clues that he's left behind. The youthful creators of Jackrabbit have successfully constructed a world, which we haven't previously seen on film. Mixing retro production design with slick storytelling, they deliver a cinematic dissonance that will result in a shock to the senses. Jean-Baptiste Grenouille, born in the stench of 18th century Paris, develops a superior olfactory sense, which he uses to create the world's finest perfumes. However, his work takes a dark turn as he tries to preserve scents in the search for the ultimate perfume. A mysterious video falls into the hands of a troupe of reporters following an accident involving three thirty-something year olds - two men and a woman. The video chronicles the lives of the trio one week prior, during their road-trip through the French Riviera to shoot a commercial. Shot in the style of found footage - sometimes with an iPhone - this innovative film touts itself as the first "selfie" movie. But, this isn't a cheeky jab at today's culture of obsessive self-documentation. Director Lorenzo Corvino's debut film was born out of a desire to capture the spirit and frustrations of Generation X, the post baby boomers who inherited the economic crisis of the prior generation and who now struggle to compete with the increasingly tech-savvy younger generations. - Vivian Yuen A dark drama where hopeless naivety wars with emotional resilience in the life of Gloria, a London waitress. Always selfless and looking for the good in people, Gloria attempts to juggle a woeful love life with the endless demands of a dysfunctional family, oblivious to her link to an unsolved murder. As the investigation reaches a climax, Gloria learns that caring can be a dangerous game. A supernatural thriller directed by Todd Alcott who co-wrote the script with Holly Golden, and features Michael Rady and Toby Huss. Golden produced the film along with Ilan Arboleda. The film revolves around Lucy, who has a new husband, a new home and a new baby, but old ghosts won't let her be. She has dedicated her life to helping families break the cycle of abuse, so when she and her husband, Wade, see the echoes of a violent family tragedy in their home, Lucy tries to help the tortured souls break free of their torment and move on. She finds, however, that these ghosts don't want her help -- they want to lead Lucy and her family to their doom. Jill strives to connect with her new teenage stepdaughter, Casey, who is struggling with a dark past that leads her down a path of destruction. Facundo is a lawyer and he's having an affair with Violeta, his brother Rafa's girlfriend. When Rafa finds Violeta dead in their apartment, Facundo has to help him get rid of the body. The night turns into a perverse game of spite, violence, revenge and death. Drama, Fantasy, Peace, a hustler is shown to be the center of various issues in the small town of Owerri, also known as O-Town.  Sapthamashree Thaskaraha is a Malayalam film directed and written by Anil Radhakrishnan Menon starring Prithviraj Sukumaran and Reenu Mathews in lead roles. The film, which will be produced by Prithviraj himself along with director Santosh Sivan and entrepreneur Shaji Nadesan under August Cinema, also stars Asif Ali, Sanusha, Neeraj Madhav, Nedumudi Venu and Mangolian artist Flower Battsetseg.  A friendship is formed between 7 inmates in Viyoor Central Jail. Each of them has their own 'tragic story' about how they got in prison. When they find out that some of them have a common enemy, a ruthless businessman named Payas, they plan a heist to extract all of Payas' black money hidden in a locker Jen's romantic getaway with her wealthy (married) boyfriend is disrupted when his friends arrive for an impromptu hunting trip. Tension mounts at the house until the situation culminates in an unexpected way. The Morgans, a loving yet troubled family, go on vacation with intentions to reconnect with one another. However, when their autistic 10-year-old daughter begins to fixate on a mysterious friend who may or may not be real, and retreats further into her own world, family tensions start to rise to the surface. Lindsay Parker (Sherry Morris) is trying to move on with her life...a new job, a new town and a new home. However her new home has come with an Unwanted Presence. Gripped by the fear of this evil spirit she exhausts all the ghost hunters, spiritualists and charlatans she can locate. When all seems lost she turns to a couple recommended by her secretary as having experience in these situations.Desperate to rid her life of this unnatural spirit and not wanting to lose her home to the Presence that walks the halls, Lindsay contacts Dr. Paul and Claire. Armed with the Truth and the spirit of victory they triumph over evil. Showing Lindsay that fear leads to bondage but truth and faith can bring deliverance. Daniel is the son of African parents born in Rome. He is a police officer of the State Police Department. One day he finds out that his unit will have to clear a building where his mother and brother live. Torn between the love for his family and the loyalty to the police, Daniel will have to choose between the two and go with it until the end. An ex-pastor, whose church was destroyed during Hurricane Katrina, loses his faith and becomes a homeless wanderer. After surviving a near death experience, he mysteriously awakens in a church that is in desperate need of a pastor. A 14-year-old video enthusiast is so caught up in film fantasy that he can no longer relate to the real world, to such an extent that he commits murder and records an on-camera confession for his parents. In September 2004, Chechen rebels occupied a school in the small Russian city of Beslan, taking some 1,200 people-most of them children-hostage. At the end of three days, over 330 were dead. A dadaist explosion that starts as a typical Hollywood travelogue of Stockholm and ends in the city's total destruction by fire and dynamite. This is a hilarious anarchist film; made by the then unknown Hulten now director of Stockholm's Museum of Modern Art. In a particularly subversive scene, the fire engine, arriving at a fire, goes up in flames. A psychologist who begins working with a young boy who has suffered a near-fatal fall finds himself drawn into a mystery that tests the boundaries of fantasy and reality. A small European town, where sisters Ayia and Mirra live, gets struck down by an unknown disease which takes many lives. Following their mother's death, the younger sister falls ill. Having realized that conventional medicine is useless in the face of the sister's disease, Ayia seeks help from Father Herman, a parish priest and a close family friend. In his house she finds books that are very far from the conventional religion. She gets to know that only penetration into Mirra's sick subconscious mind and discovery of the true cause of her disease will give her a chance to save her sister. Ayia is ready to go through this terrifying ritual, dive into the depths of the subconscious mind, and face the demons residing there. Two women retreat to a lake house to get a break from the pressures of the outside world, only to realize how disconnected from each other they have become, allowing their suspicions to bleed into reality. The Reichsfuhrer-SS Heinrich Himmler was Adolf Hitler's most loyal henchman and one of the most feared men of WWII. Surprisingly, he had only one problem... He had no stomach for murder! When the Reichsfuhrer-SS becomes physically ill during the execution of Russian POW's on the Eastern front in 1941. Ruthless, careerist SS General Hans Shellenberg rats Himmler out to the Fuhrer, Adolf Hitler. Hitler tests his loyal Heinrich forcing him to commit the murder of a Polish prisoner named Danuta with his own hands. Thus awakening the Monster within him that will horrify the world for generations to come! Himmler may please his Fuhrer in 1941, but what awaits him after he commits suicide in 1945 is nothing less than Hell itself. See what happens when Himmler meets Erebus, the gatekeeper of Hell! See the nightmarish suffering that awaits the infamous Nazi leader who murdered millions! Two pranksters who wreak havoc late at night in the horror ensemble "3AM" now return with their own feature-length movie.  Karan and Tee are the two business owners who worked overtime late into the night, played horror pranks on their employees, only to be scared the lives out of them by the real ghosts haunting their office. They survived that horrifying episode in "3AM" but have suffered certain aftermaths. Now Karan and Tee cannot take the elevator at night. They are paranoid and keep checking if the person working near them is human and not a ghost. But something remains the same: they still have to work overtime late into the night, and they still can't help pulling the legs of their employees with their latest tricks. A story of a soldier who, overeager to prove himself, lets his imagination delude him into attacking an imaginary enemy. Though no one can see him, Hollow Face lurks in the corners, desperately desiring love but only knowing how to spread fear and hate. He creeps into the life of John Farrow after Farrow's beloved 13-year-old daughter Mia is assaulted in their home. The line between the real and the imaginary blurs as fissures start to open within the family unit. It seems that no security measure can keep Hollow Face out. A young woman is searching, today, in Paris, the collection of paintings stolen from her Jewish family during WWII. A thrice-divorced radio DJ meets the woman of his dreams but can he convince her of the truth of his feelings? An exploration of love, adapted from the novel by Pulitzer prize winning author Carol Shields. Omar is a mid-level gangster in Oslo. A family secret is revealed when his "dead" sister isn't dead at all. Omar is ordered to find her. Joining him is his cousin and fellow gangster Khuram, and together they face an unknown Norway where his sister Amina has lead a secret and quite successful life. The teenage girls of Vestalis Academy are meticulously trained in the art of being "clean girls," practicing the virtues of perfect femininity. But what exactly are they being trained for? Vivien intends to find out. A group of grad students have booked passage on the fishing trawler Harbinger to study the effects of global warming on a pod of Orcas in the Bering Sea. When the ship's crew dredges up a recently thawed piece of old Soviet space wreckage, things get downright deadly. It seems that the Russians experimented with tardigrades, tiny resilient animals able to withstand the extremes of space radiation. The creatures survived, but not without mutation. Now the crew is exposed to aggressively mutating organisms. And after being locked in ice for 3 decades, the creatures aren't about to give up the warmth of human companionship. A fan tries to get an artist's attention by literally coming apart. Following the journey of an Evangelical minister trying to find the courage to preach about the growing toll of gun violence in America. Reverend Rob Schenck, anti-abortion activist and fixture on the political far right, breaks with orthodoxy by questioning whether being pro-gun is consistent with being pro-life. Though no one can see him, Hollow Face lurks in the corners, desperately desiring love but only knowing how to spread fear and hate. He creeps into the life of John Farrow after Farrow's beloved 13-year-old daughter Mia is assaulted in their home. The line between the real and the imaginary blurs as fissures start to open within the family unit. It seems that no security measure can keep Hollow Face out. Veteran buttoned-down LAPD detective Roger Murtaugh is partnered with unhinged cop Martin Riggs, who -- distraught after his wife's death -- has a death wish and takes unnecessary risks with criminals at every turn. The odd couple embark on their first homicide investigation as partners, involving a young woman known to Murtaugh with ties to a drug and prostitution ring. Based on the autobiographical novel, the tempestuous 6-year relationship between Liberace and his (much younger) lover, Scott Thorson, is recounted. After taking a new form of ecstasy, a psychopath goes through a mind bending trip causing him to feel and question his morality for the first time. An investigation into one woman's memory as she's forced to re-examine her first sexual relationship and the stories we tell ourselves in order to survive. Every town has a devil. For the small community of Braxton, that devil is Tommy Miller. A bullied and tormented teen who finally snapped, killing his friends and family at the annual Braxton town hall party, Miller escaped into the woods, never to be seen or heard from again. Until now. Ten years later, a group of fresh-faced teens find themselves targeted by a masked man in a hooded cloak. It's up to Detective Ryan Fenton and his fish-out-of-water partner to protect the town from Miller's clutches; there's just one issue - Ryan himself is a survivor of the original massacre. Is Miller opening up a new chapter, or has he returned to attend to some unfinished business? While on his travel across the Southwestern United States, with his Jeep CJ Renegade and his chestnut colt named Joe Brown, Luke meets Matt, son of a friend of his, Moose, who is in jail. Moose asks Luke to take care of Matt, and to help him to take possession of a piece of land. So starts their travel, full of adventures... 1930s Korea, in the period of Japanese occupation, a young woman is hired as a handmaiden to a Japanese heiress who lives a secluded life on a large countryside estate with her domineering uncle. But, the maid has a secret: she is a pickpocket recruited by a swindler posing as a Japanese count to help him seduce the heiress to elope with him, rob her of her fortune, and lock her up in a madhouse. The plan seems to proceed according to plan until the women discover some unexpected emotions. A jewel thief steals a sacred ruby which sets off a chase by the police, the Turkish government, nutty American terrorists, and the CIA. Two strangers, both at the end of their rope, suddenly meet in the middle of the unpredictable waters of Lake Michigan. A college teen named Rege slowly becomes engulfed in the criminal underworld when he crosses the path of a mysterious small-time gangster named "M Bhai". Kevin a young boy abused by his drug addicted parents and teased heavily at school develops a passion for killing as an adult. Armed with a knife and a hatred toward prostitutes in particular, Its now his turn to make others cry. When an ambitious ghost hunter performs a risky ritual, opening a portal to "the other side", he and his team quickly find themselves way in over their heads in a fight for survival against an ancient demonic force. A boxer suffers a serious head injury during a fight, and must deal with the consequences. On prom night, a group of kids wander deep into the woods and come back changed forever. Frank, a single man raising his child prodigy niece Mary, is drawn into a custody battle with his mother.  This historical and critical look at slasher films, which includes dozens of clips, begins with Halloween, Friday the 13th, and Prom Night. The films' directors, writers, producers, and special effects creators comment on the films' making and success. During the Reagan years, the films get gorier, budgets get smaller, and their appeal wanes. Then, Nightmare on Elm Street revives the genre. Jump to the late 90s, when Scream brings humor and TV stars into the mix. A series of mysterious events take place and upon investigation it is revealed that a revenge is been taken of The Murder which was committed many years ago in Federal B Area,Islamabad. A gangster known as "Samurai" wants to turn the waterfront of Rome into a new Las Vegas. All the local mob bosses have agreed to work for this common goal. But peace is not to last long. The services of shark killer have been engaged by his brother Jake, the head of a West Coast crime ring. The gig: kill the black-finned shark that swallowed a valuable diamond during a gang transaction. An entry-level employee at a powerful corporation finds himself occupying a corner office, but at a dangerous price--he must spy on his boss's old mentor to secure for him a multi-billion dollar advantage. Sundari, a prostitute living in Sundarbans, West Bengal kills her costumers for money and satisfaction. She calls in love with a wildlife photographer. The fight of love, lust, satisfaction and scarification is shown. This historical and critical look at slasher films, which includes dozens of clips, begins with Halloween, Friday the 13th, and Prom Night. The films' directors, writers, producers, and special effects creators comment on the films' making and success. During the Reagan years, the films get gorier, budgets get smaller, and their appeal wanes. Then, Nightmare on Elm Street revives the genre. Jump to the late 90s, when Scream brings humor and TV stars into the mix. After his best friend dies in an unexpected accident, black market dealer Young-gyu decides to wash his hands off his illegal activities and start a new life with his girlfriend Yu-ri. But his dream stalls when he learns that Yu-ri needs money for her father's surgery. To help her out, Young-gyu decides to do the job one last time. His smuggling ring operates out of a boat that runs between Korea and China, picking victims from its voyager pool and harvesting their organs. Meanwhile, a married couple, Sang-ho and Chae-hee, boards Young-gyu's passenger boat heading to Weihai, China. That very evening, just when the boat enters international sea waters where countries' laws cannot be enforced, Chae-hee goes missing and all her pictures and belongings vanishes without a trace. Young-gyu finds Yu-ri on the same ship, and she claims to be the only witness to Chae-hee's disappearance. One night, one apartment and one mystery. Shir wakes up in the middle of the night. Her husband hasn't come back after taking the dog out. The dog has. But where is Rami? Friends, relatives, neighbours and police come round and with each visit more marital secrets are revealed. Two addicts discover that exploring other people's dreams with the help of a machine can beat any drug. But the process holds more danger for both dreamer and "dreamwalker" than they could imagine. In this 120 minute feature we watch as a childhood friendship shaped by necessity, turns to an adult one of comfort. Local drug dealer Thurgood Jacobs (aka T), and his closest friend Lazarus James (aka L) have been in the business for years. Our story find the two just days before T's 30th birthday. With the wear and tear of the business weighing on his conscious, the Police bearing down on his team and a purported rat in their ranks, T wants out. However L, who has always had somewhat of a sinister influence over T's decisions somehow connivance him to stick it out for this one last big score. The story centers on a young couple on a road trip through the Irish countryside who encounter an ancient force of evil. On the day of his daughter's birthday, William "D-Fens" Foster is trying to get to the home of his estranged ex-wife to see his daughter. His car breaks down, so he leaves his car in a traffic jam in Los Angeles and decides to walk. He goes to a convenience store and tries to get some change for a phone call, but the Korean owner does not oblige, tipping Foster over the edge. The unstable Foster, so frustrated with the various flaws he sees in society, begins to psychotically and violently lash out against them. When six college kids in a sleepy Southern town are assigned a group project to rediscover a moment in history, one of them sets in motion a horrific fate when he proposes they head into the Georgia backwoods to tackle the legend of Emily Burt, the Talbot County werewolf. Struggling with his new life in New Orleans, Clive follows Trevor, a former professor to his country home on the bayou to gain a new perspective. While Trevor helps Clive deal with his demons, Clive is sucked into a mission to kill. A teenager who went missing and was presumed dead returns home after eight years to find a family deeply affected by his disappearance. Gradually, doubts arise about whether he really is the missing boy or an impostor.  An ex-con sets out in search of his kidnapped sister through the criminal underbelly of Shreveport, Louisiana. Torn apart during adolescence, estranged brothers reunite. The younger, a 16-year old on the fast track to college with his entire life ahead of him. The older, a 21-year old heroin addict and street hustler who's settled for rock bottom. In upstate New York, two teenage boys are tasked with cleaning out their father's old mobile home on an abandoned property, but the boys are in for a surprise when they discover three crooks on the run have taken refuge in the trailer. The US President and the UK Prime Minister are planning on launching a war in the Middle East, but--behind the scenes--government officials and advisers are either promoting the war or are trying to prevent it. Set in a parallel universe entering a black hole, a woman reading the book of Revelation has visions of regeneration during Anthropocene. What would you do if you thought the world was ending? A psychotic clown hosts an anthology of loathsome tales with an uncommon theme....... Love. A team of Special Ops elite soldiers, led by Captain Gus, formed a strong allegiance in battle. Gus is forced to bring the team back into action including a persuasive ex-priest Andreas "Doc" Clemens and fighter Benjamin Scholz when their ex-Commander's daughter is kidnapped. However, the teams' loyalties are tested when a member is framed for shooting another member. Together, Gus and the team must use all their skills in weaponry, martial arts, brute force and technology. The mission to track down the force behind the kidnapping causes the team to sacrifice their lives to uncover the truth, save the daughter and deliver justice - ultimate justice! Five students trap themselves in the basement of their high school during an all-out assault on students and faculty, all at the hands of one disturbed student geared with guns and explosives. Former buffalo hunter and entrepreneur Wyatt Earp arrives in the lawless cattle town of Wichita Kansas. His skill as a gun-fighter make him a perfect candidate for Marshal but he refuses the job until he feels morally obligated to bring law and order to this wild town. A Navy officer tries to set the record straight after the Navy blames a 1989 explosion aboard the USS Iowa on a homosexual affair between two sailors. A man who returns home to find his wife cheating on him on their anniversary. He holds her and her naked and humiliated lover captive at gunpoint while he decides whether or not he's going to kill them. The story, inspired by true events, takes place over one day and is set in New Orleans during a stifling heat wave. At a writers' retreat on an isolated island, novelist Zandra joins a group of strangers confronting their darkest secrets. But when a member of the party mysteriously disappears, they realize there's something else on the island. Fresh from a successful film festival, a super smooth movie producer returns to a day at the office, where in just eight hours, his infidelities, his addictions, and his dodgy finance deals come crashing down and ludicrously unravel threatening his success, his marriage, his life and even stranger, his reality'. 'Social Suicide' is an investigative thriller examining what it really takes to get noticed on the Internet today. Loosely based on Romeo and Juliet, the police investigate what happened to these two teenagers before it's too late by trolling through their relationship history through social media. Thomas and his fellow Gladers face their greatest challenge yet: searching for clues about the mysterious and powerful organization known as WCKD. Their journey takes them to the Scorch, a desolate landscape filled with unimaginable obstacles. Teaming up with resistance fighters, the Gladers take on WCKD's vastly superior forces and uncover its shocking plans for them all. Enakkul Oruvan( English: Someone within me ) is a 1984 Tamil film directed by SP. Muthuraman, starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role. A remake of Subhash Ghai's Hindi film, Karz (1980), starring Rishi Kapoor, and Tina Munim. 'Ben' and 'Amber' have highly sensitive and very much sought after information in their possession. Information that has had them running for their lives. An unmarried woman becomes convinced she's being attacked by a demonic entity after her carefully cultivated life collapses around her. For decades the criminal underworlds of the North and South bumped along begrudgingly. Like the Cold War, territories were respected out of the necessity to avoid apocalypse, with each side keeping tabs on the other's capability. Such a precarious false harmony could not last forever. Now someone has crossed the line, and there's no going back. An illicit love affair smolders, breaking taboo and threatening catastrophe at the smallest mistake. It is a romance of purest, unadulterated love, yet so forbidden that its discovery would wreak total carnage. The story is told through vignettes of strikingly original characters, with intertwining subplots that echo the complexity of life in the dog-eat-dog criminal underworld.  On vacation at a remote lake house, a mother and her two young daughters must fight for survival after falling into a terrifying and bizarre nightmare conceived by a psychopath. A dark and gritty psychological thriller that explores one small town man's need to purify the world of sin, one sinner at a time. His medieval and brutal cleansing process directly contradicts the devotion he has for his granddaughter. Tension builds as we discover secrets surrounding the psychotic behavior of this quaint god fearing little town. When Nancy is surfing on a secluded beach, she finds herself on the feeding ground of a great white shark. Though she is stranded only 200 yards from shore, survival proves to be the ultimate test of wills, requiring all of Nancy's ingenuity, resourcefulness, and fortitude.  Carved from a lifetime of experience that runs the gamut from incarceration to liberation, Dog Eat Dog is the story of three men who are all out of prison and now have the task of adapting themselves to civilian life. What would you do if you witness something extraordinary but cannot talk about it to anyone?Can you keep your sanity intact? What would you do, if a responsibility is assigned to you which might change the fate of universe?Would you be excited or petrified? A school teacher in a village goes through this mind-wrecking journey without a choice.The only choice left to him is whether he could complete the task assigned to him or he should get himself admitted in an asylum. Though the story is in the genre of supernatural thriller,the film tries to tell the story by following the cliches but breaking the rules in which cliches are told. The Cursed Ones tells the story of a disillusioned reporter and an idealistic young pastor, who fight to free a girl accused of witchcraft from the clutches of a system of corruption and superstition in the heart of West Africa.  Two brothers, desperate to break into the world of television and film, decide to enter a horror movie contest. And what could be more horrifying than the elusive snuff film? A philandering husband unknowingly falls back in love with his wife over the phone when she pretends to be another woman. Colonel Robert Sikes is on a mission to rid his city of crime. As a stealthy, one-man assault team, he will take on street gangs, mobsters, and politicians with extreme prejudice until his mission is complete. His former protege, William Porter, teams up with the local police department to bring his former commander to justice and prevent him from further vigilantism. Based off of true events, Within Madness follows the video diary of Donovan Summers, a personal trainer who tells his story through his videos. On the way Donovan starts to become obsessed with a customer at his gym which leads him down a dark road of obsession taking him to lengths of unimaginable self destruction. Within Madness is a dark tale of a man lost in his own desires and the consequences of what happens when all hope is gone. In 2014, Sergeant First Class Stephen Harris edited and uploaded this film. It was his message to the world. A group of teenagers are sent an unlabeled DVD from a U.S. Army base in Afghanistan containing a video of a strange woman tied to a tree. It ends with a clue. The teens follow the clue to another and yet another, until what started out as a game becomes a terrifying chase into the psychopathic mind of Harris. At the end of the line, the teens' world comes full circle as they discover they weren't just playing a game, they were pawns in a revenge plot only a master of war could devise. A young woman newly returned to her hometown becomes the subject of harassment by a man named Blackway, an ex-cop turned violent crime lord who operates with impunity in this small community on the edge of the wilderness. Forsaken by the local townspeople--and advised by the Sheriff to leave town--Lillian decides instead to take a stand against her sociopathic stalker, and enlists the help of ex-logger Lester and his laconic young sidekick. Generation Wolf talks about a young entrepreneur who is about to lose his business and choose to grow marijuana as an easy way to save it. But soon enough he realizes that crossing the line could have extreme consequences into his life. A punk rock band becomes trapped in a secluded venue after finding a scene of violence. For what they saw, the band themselves become targets of violence from a gang of white power skinheads, who want to eliminate all evidence of the crime. As punishment for drunken, rebellious behavior, a young white soldier is thrown into a stockade populated entirely by black inmates. But instead of falling victim to racial hatred, the soldier joins forces with his fellow prisoners and rises up against the insanely tyrannical and bigoted prison warden. A romantic comedy that brings together three disparate characters who are learning to face a challenging and often confusing world as they struggle together against a common demon: sex addiction. The journalist Alvaro Mendoza investigates the murder of his best friend and colleague. With the help of a journalism student, they discover the plan of the guerilla, the mafia and the military to attack the Colombian justice palace. In 2019, Lincoln Six-Echo is a resident of a seemingly "Utopian" but contained facility. Like all of the inhabitants of this carefully-controlled environment, Lincoln hopes to be chosen to go to The Island -- reportedly the last uncontaminated location on the planet. But Lincoln soon discovers that everything about his existence is a lie. Real estate agent Angie tries to sell an upmarket house to a young couple, the Pinktons. The house has a dark past: its previous owners were murdered in it. Angie has to disclose the facts but to her surprise the Pinktons are more than happy to purchase the property.  In 1825, Claire, a 21-year-old Irish convict, chases a British soldier through the rugged Tasmanian wilderness, bent on revenge for a terrible act of violence he committed against her family. She enlists the services of an Aboriginal tracker named Billy, who is also marked by trauma from his own violence-filled past. Anna leaves Athens to live with her boyfriend in Glasgow: a new life that triggers traumatic memories. But as it descends into violent paranoia, Anna realizes that one of her new co-workers holds the key to her past in Greece. The movie revolves around the incidents that happen within a time span of 24 hours. Neil John Samuel (Fahadh Faasil) is the sales manager of Benz showroom. He gets a bag of money, while he returns home after the New Year party. The bag and the money originally belongs to a wealthy businessman Issac Aanakkadan (Renji Panicker), who intends to buy some precious diamonds from a group of people. Issac begin the mission to get back his lost money. At the same time, notorious goon Makudi Das (Joju George) and his group follows Neil to steal the money from him. Neil, who realizes that somebody is following him and the money in his hands, elopes to a remote village of Tamil Nadu in a truck. Rest forms the crux of the story. Scottish orphan David Balfour (Lawrence Douglas) is betrayed by his wicked uncle Ebeneezer (Donald Pleasance), who arranges for David to be kidnapped and sold into slavery so that Unk can claim his inheritance. The boy is rescued and befriended by Alan Breck (Michael Caine), a Scottish rebel fighting on behalf of his country's independence from the British (did we tell you that the film takes place during late 18th century?) Both David and Alan undergo several exhilarating adventures before Alan comes to realize that the rebellion is doomed from the start, and David foils his uncle's greedy machinations. (AllMovie) Is a thriller that mixes different genres and styles, from comedy to Mexican wrestling films. It follows the story of a cop with a reputation for being an idiot who jumps on the trail of a missing girl, discovering that his best friend is involved. Along the way they encounter a series of strange characters, typical inhabitants of Mexico City. Everything takes place in a day, from morning to night. Emma is kidnapped and imprisoned by a trio of psychopaths. When a mysterious man stops a world wide storm with the swipe of his hand, life as we know it changes, and the source of his divine power must be found before humanity self destructs. A young civil war veteran is forced on a desperate journey to save his kidnapped wife. Michael is a basically decent guy with a pregnant girlfriend, great friends - and one massive drug problem. Because he missed his own Las Vegas bachelor party being too stoned, his four besties decide to kidnap him for a weekend of roughing it in the California wilderness. Caught off guard by this surprise camping trip and his nose candy supply dwindling, Michael is shocked when his buddies start being ritually murdered one by one. Suspecting it's the vicious drug dealer he cheated getting bloody revenge, Michael's life swirls out of all control as the real truth is revealed. Something strange is going on in the suburbs of Lattermill. Is Eve McCallister being stalked by a loner called Charlie Rosewood or is there a more reasonable explanation? Who's living in the empty house next door? Has Eve's husband Jeff been murdered in Hong Kong? What has really happened to Eve's good luck pendant? How do so many strangers know about her attack after a school Halloween party? All of these questions will soon be answered... Notorious hacker Drew Reynolds is captured by the CIA and given a proposition - work for them or spend the rest of his life in prison. Agreeing on the condition that he can form his own team, he puts together a group of "throwaways" - the people deemed expendable and seemingly the worst in the organization. Two schoolboy delinquents learn a lesson that they will never forget when a teacher at the end of his tether decides to abduct them. A disillusioned young woman becomes a serial killer who targets wealthy land-owners, and a brilliant detective must use his unusual neurological condition to track her down. If you've never been good at anything in your life, why would murder be any different? Patrick (David Hewlett) has always had a somewhat combative relationship with his little sister Marilyn (Kate Hewlett), but when she brings home her new sci-fi soap star fiance Ryan (Paul McGillion), it's all out war. When Patrick fails to drive a wedge between the happy couple, he reaches for sharper instruments.  Alex is a man with everything - the well-paid executive job, the impressive house in the country and the beautiful wife and child. When he inexplicably decides to leave work early one Friday nothing will ever be the same again. Within hours of his return a cataclysmic storm threatens to destroy everything around them. A lawyer conducts business from the back of his Lincoln town car while representing a high-profile client in Beverly Hills. After a car accident and stranded in the middle of nowhere, an ex-con and his daughter find themselves in an abandoned hotel, populated by sub-human cannibalistic creatures. A group of friends on holiday on an island experiment a new designer drug that makes them lose their ability to control their urges. The non-spoken documentary from Martin H. Schmitt exploring the senses and evolution of robots, from a mechanical somnambulist to an autonomous sensorium. A dishonest insurance salesman's life quickly disintegrates during a Wisconsin winter when he teams up with a psychopath to steal a rare violin at the home of a reclusive farmer. Drifter, Jack, pays a visit to an old friend Frank whose mundane life is upended after the two become involved in a strange and seemingly random murder and journey up to the Northern California Sierra in order to bury the body. In crime ridden New York of the seventies two cops has had enough. They decide to take justice into their own hands. Things turn exciting and humorous. No hoodlum goes safe. Dr Henry Frankenstein is obsessed with assembling a living being from parts of several exhumed corpses. Oliver is a writer whose personal life was marked by a sinister childhood encounter: his sexual awakening at the hands of a dead girl. When Oliver's path crosses Laura's, an enigmatic girl seeking refuge as she tries to recover her memories, destroyed in an apparent suicide attempt, dark secrets threaten to destroy them both. Years after a mysterious plague has devastated the planet and turned most of humanity into blood-hungry creatures, a rogue drifter on a vengeful hunt stumbles across a band of survivors in an abandoned police station and reluctantly agrees to try to help them defend themselves and escape to the sanctuary they so desperately need. Fate of a short film crew vs burglar crew who just robbed a bank. Denmark, 2016. A blurred note is found in a bottle that has traveled across the ocean for a long time. After deciphering the cryptic note, Department Q members follow a sinister trail that leads them to investigate a case occurred in 2008. At the same time, new tragic events take place that test their faith and deepest beliefs. Seven people leave London for a therapeutic weekend in the Cotswolds where they are told it will 'change their life'. It does, but not in the way they imagine. A mysterious woman comes to compete in a quick-draw elimination tournament, in a town taken over by a notorious gunman. When Belinda heads back to her hometown for the holidays, things get complicated when she is forced to team up with her ex at the town's annual Christmas scavenger hunt. The feature film 'After Spring Comes Fall' tells the story of a young woman who tries to escape the turmoil of the Arab Spring... The reinvigorated elderly group that left Earth comes back to visit their relatives. Will they all decide to go back to the planet where no one grows old, or will they be tempted to remain on Earth? Based on the famous book by Jules Verne the movie follows Phileas Fogg on his journey around the world. Which has to be completed within 80 days, a very short period for those days. A young woman's faith is put to the ultimate test when she is forced to uncover the truth behind her husband's horrific visions. As a newly crowned princess, Cinderella quickly learns that life at the Palace - and her royal responsibilities - are more challenging than she had imagined. In three heartwarming tales, Cinderella calls on her animal friends and her Fairy Godmother to help as she brings her own grace and charm to her regal role and discovers that being true to yourself is the best way to make your dreams come true. A young woman is brought to Baguio by her new stepfather. While she struggles with her new family and surroundings, she finds herself torn between two young men who bring passion into her life. A man awakes ready to be tortured Antham (telugu) Samuel Salomon, a literature professor, has been off work for almost a year after the tragic death of his girlfriend. Samuel has been suffering from a recurring nightmare in which a woman is brutally murdered in a strange ritual. Suddenly, the same woman who appears every night in his dreams is found dead in exactly the same circumstances. Samuel sneaks into the crime scene and there he meets Rachel who has also dreamed about the murder. Together, they will do whatever they can to discover the identity of the mystery woman, entering a terrifying world controlled by the figures who have inspired artists throughout time: the Muses. Aggie, A 67 year-old Black Cajun, has just stepped into her worst nightmare. Her two granddaughters have disappeared, and the only clue she possesses is a forgotten laptop. Aware she only has a short window of time, she feels helpless to save them as her money and influence are scarce. Desperate to get her girls back, Aggie risks everything to cross paths with Richard and Lottie DuMonde, two of the wealthiest and most connected people in New Orleans. Certainly, once they hear her story, they will help. But what Aggie doesn't foresee is the dark world she's about to step into, or the dangers accompanying the rescue needed to bring her girls home. Nimidangal film will be a Realistic Thriller with a good social message from the youth. In a remote part of the countryside, a bungled kidnapping turns into a living nightmare for four central characters when they cross paths with a psychopathic farmer and all hell breaks loose. An ex-cop goes on a rampage after his fiancee is killed by the Asian mafia. Faced with losing his daughter, a widower attempts to cover up an accidental death, only to come face to face with his darkest ambitions for revenge. An idealistic sub-inspector joins a station that is run by a corrupt inspector, who moves closely with a criminal-minister. Gradually, his hate for the other takes over and he edges towards the dark side while the other sees the error of his ways and reforms. Lal Bahadur Shastri is a Malayalam comedy film about three strangers who come across during their journey of life. It revolves around how they influence each other. High School senior Mark Richards has never minded his overprotective widowed mother,Tanya, and is a good son to her as he prepares to go off to Princeton in the fall. However, when he comes under the sexual spell of the rapacious, manipulative older woman Carissa Barrington, he finds himself in the middle of two strong, unreasonable women--one of whom is insane... Exactly one year after young rock guitarist Eric Draven and his fiancee are brutally killed by a ruthless gang of criminals, Draven -- watched over by a hypnotic crow -- returns from the grave to exact revenge. Seven men, four cars and 1,300 kilos of cannabis leave Malaga, southern Spain, headed for Creil on the outskirts of Paris. But for Alex, Yacine, Majid and the others, what should be a regular run turns into a fatal convoy. When a woman is added to the convoy, Nadia a young tourist traveling home from Morrocco, she's dragged into their adventure. For one night, she and the audience are immersed in the violent reality of drug trafficking. Max's troubled past sparked by the abandonment by his father Tony creates a deep-rooted hunger for success that fuels him down a dark and ruthless path in the glitzy world of the Los Angeles nightclub industry. The US President and the UK Prime Minister are planning on launching a war in the Middle East, but--behind the scenes--government officials and advisers are either promoting the war or are trying to prevent it. Taylor delivers the concert event of the year. Filmed at Sydney's ANZ Stadium in front of 76,000 fans, The 1989 World Tour - Live captures the excitement and energy of the hottest pop star in the world. Filled with great music, an electrifying stage show, and superstar guest appearances, the concert film is only on Apple Music.  Alex is human. Alex was assigned to the male gender at birth. She knows that this assignment was wrong. In a world she's living, she doesn't exist. Bodies are normed, people are squared, society hypnotised. The people do not believe what they see with their own eyes. Somewhere in the middle of concrete. All buildings look the same. Alex and her job-seeking mother share a small flat in a gray apartment block. A women's menage. A women's menage? Alex starts to shave her face. Both women leave the building and they split up. In front of the school a photographer stops her. His name is Christian Strange. He calls her 'Beautiful woman'. Will everything become well now? The film asks the question would have been triple love. Ferhat and Zeynep is a happily married couple. Karlidag outside of marriage appears happy couple, the first love of life remained in the years ahead will be turned upside down with the introduction of the Euphrates Nazligul again. Zeynep even a night encounter with the former love of her husband Nazligul powdery mildew that can not bear to be separated , and that is the love in his heart can not prevent the re-ignition. Two sisters turns in the center of a plot implying wolfram, Nazis, Franco's prisoners and British spies. Four friends head out into the desert for a weekend camping trip in the abandoned mining town of Wonder Valley. As the secrets of the empty town begin to be revealed, they'll be lucky to make it out alive. After a failed suicide attempt, a young man coping with loss and depression, submits to a series of trials that fine-tune human emotions, but his unique reaction to the tests send him on a journey that transcends both physical and perceived reality. The film tells the story of three childhood friends. The trio all had dreams to fulfill 'when they grew up', but time and destiny seem to have other plans for them. A difficult life is forced upon them when the elder brother of one of these three men is hit by the vehicle of a shady character called Chewang (Robin Tamang) and left completely paralyzed. The three friends then find themselves in the way of a criminal gang called 'Royal', of which Chewang is the leader.  Yamraaj (Gulshan Grover), has a major hold in the underworld, and has got his own stylish life fall of luxuries. Seeing this, Birju (Mithun Chakraborty) and Krishna (Jackie Shroff), dream to become Yamraaj one day. Inspector Dharamveer (Prem Chopra), warns them not to indulge in completion of this dream, but they wont listen to him. They start working for Yamraaj, and slowly impress Yamraaj with their work and get lots of money and other luxuries. One day an incident makes Krishna feel whether this life is good or the life they were living before this was better. He decides to part ways from this underworld and live the normal life of humanity. Now, Birju is alone to reach to his goal of becoming Yamraaj while Krishna starts helping police. Will Yamraaj let Krishna live? Will Birju get to reach his dream? What was that incident that changed Krishna alive? Will Birju and Krishna solve their fight? This is what the story is all about. The swinging London, early sixties. Beautiful but shallow, Diana Scott is a professional advertising model, a failed actress, a vocationally bored woman, who toys with the affections of several men while gaining fame and fortune. A couple expecting their first child discover an unnerving difference between themselves and the couple living in the flat below them who are also having a baby. The story of Maria, a woman betrayed by his companion, David, when he steals a sack of money and flees, taking refuge in the island of Pico. Furious and determined to avenge herself, she proposes to an Police Inspector, Lucas, to chase and to find David. However, David, on a visit to the island of Faial, falls in love with a local, Marina. Maria and Lucas look for David in the Azores, they cross with Mariana in Faial and the three will discover David in his house of the mountain, at the top of the Peak. In a final confrontation, as in a Greek tragedy, Mary and David adjust the accounts that fate has traced to them. As mass hysteria breaks-out over an alleged demonic possession in an Indiana home, referred to as a "Portal to Hell," Ghost Adventures host and paranormal investigator Zak Bagans buys the house, sight unseen, over the phone. He and his crew then become the next victims of the most documented case of demonic possession in US history... the "house of 200 demons. The mysteriously familiar face of a deceased young woman shakes young surgeon Fabian out of his lethargy. On a whim, he leaves Berlin for Portugal, determined to win back his former girlfriend Doro, who works at an architectural company in Lisbon. It is the year 2052, on Earth, in Spain, and the final days of almost everything. The city is a string of abandoned construction sites. Everyday there are fewer people and not all of them are human. A sheep costs four and a half million pesetas and you have to spend a lot of bullets to pay for one. El Alambrista Mexican wrestler and defender of migrants uncovers a terrifying plot that turns bordering crossing migrants into monsters. A tough vigilante, Roy Willcox, played by WWE superstar Jake the Snake Roberts, is terrorizing migrant trying to cross the border. Willcox's mistreatment of the migrants along the US-Mexico border brings him face to mask with El Alambrista, the people's luchador. While trying to help the migrants being targeted by Willcox, our hero uncovers a terrifying plot to exploit the already forgotten border crossers. An evil lurks in the hidden canyons and concealed migrant trails of the border lands - Dr. Deralius, a man seeking revenge upon the migrant workers for a horrible accident that left him paralyzed. Also fighting Mexican wrestlers from his past. I Like to Paint Monsters examines the life and career of Chet Zar, Painter of Dark. Zar is known for his work as a Special FX artist on Hellboy and Hellboy II, among many other Hollywood blockbusters, as well as his music video and live performance work with the world renowned band TOOL. After becoming disheartened with the film industry, Zar 'followed his bliss' and began painting monsters for a living. A forerunner of the Dark Art movement, Zar tackles difficult social situations with his enigmatic and iconic artwork! Enter an all-encompassing and introspective view of Zar's worlds. Sometimes gruesome, periodically funny, but always thought provoking, Zar's art is at once as enigmatic as it is frightening. But what about the man behind the paintbrush? Who is Chet Zar and why does he like to paint monsters? This is the primary question at the heart of the documentary. Deep in the Corporate world, Ralph, corporate shark, runs his company and his family with an iron fist. His colleagues tremble in his presence. He drives his staff to tears almost every day. At home, his presence is almost non- existent. When a very important business deal doesn't go as well as planned, Ralph has to rush over to save the shattered remains. Travelling with his friend, the trip doesn't go exactly as planned. Losing his friend in a tragic car crash, leaves him in the middle of the Kalahari and forces him to review his lifestyle choices. Join Ralph and his family in this inspiring and heart breaking journey of self- discovery, healing and forgiveness. As four friends prepare for life after high school, different challenges bring about turning points in each of their lives. The dramas unfold and resolve at their local rollerskating rink, Cascade. Caleb Loomis is an agoraphobic twenty-something. In his spare time he makes UFO videos with miniature cities and takes an unhealthy amount of LSD. One afternoon he hears Beatrice, the lady next door, being abused. After striking an odd friendship through the wall Caleb is made aware of who lives with Beatrice.. setting in to a motion a pitch-black psychedelic revenge fantasy. A demon (Succubus) wreaks havoc on a U.S city. Lilith, Adams first wife according to Jewish mysticism seeks revenge against all of God's creation. God expelled Lilith from the Garden of Eden because of her refusal to obey Adam, the man. Scorned she returns present day with a vengeance against man and his offspring. A troubled yet loving family man on a solo adventure deep in the wilderness has a gruesome accident and is the only witness to an unspeakable horror that forces him to fight for his life against a mysterious killer. The Plan was Simple....Break into the school...and make our Senior Year a Bang..But things become inscrutable. Father O'Malley, the unconventional priest from 'Going My Way', continues his work for the Catholic Church. This time he is sent to St. Mary's, a run-down parochial school on the verge of condemnation. He and Sister Benedict work together in an attempt to save the school, though their differing methods often lead to good-natured disagreements.  The idyllic life of Bill, a retired aging rock star, and his young wife is rocked by a lover from her past, resulting in catastrophic consequences. Corky, a tough female ex con and her lover Violet concoct a scheme to steal millions of stashed mob money and pin the blame on Violet's crooked boyfriend Caesar. Bill Williamson is back, alive and well and doing a recon mission around D.C. This time he wants to cause a major population disruption within the USA which result in devastating consequences reverberating throughout the world. His new mission this time to bring down The President of the United States and his Secret Service detail. Bill brings with him all the freak-in havoc and acidity of the previous 2 movies. Two young women terrorized by a group of small town psychos seek revenge on their tormentors.  A couple of master thieves find themselves trapped within a house they intended to rob, only to discover they've inadvertently wandered into the lair of a deranged serial killer. Middle-aged suburban husband Richard abruptly tells his wife, Maria, that he wants a divorce. As Richard takes up with a younger woman, Maria enjoys a night on the town with her friends and meets a younger man. As the couple and those around them confront a seemingly futile search for what they've lost -- love, excitement, passion -- this classic American independent film explores themes of aging and alienation. It seems that Beverly Shaw has caught the eye of the installation technician Bryan Connor. And he is willing to do whatever it takes to make his message loud and clear. Whether Beverly wants him or not, it doesn't matter; At this point, it seems like this installation service may come with a severe deadly price. The Unbidden is a thriller about four women confronted by a mysterious young man who knows a dark secret from their past. A scientist becomes obsessed with returning his family to normalcy after a terrible accident.  Choi Ik-Ho (Lee Jung-Jae) is a martial arts star with talent for action and humor. But one day, he is framed for murder. Ace (Shin Ha-Kyun) is a game planner, who makes a game for the Korean upper class. He is a villain who makes a city into a big gameboard through technology. Ace and Choi Ik-Ho become adversaries as Choi Ik-Ho jumps into the game to save his brother.  -asianwiki In the harsh, yet beautiful Australian outback lives a beast, an animal of staggering size, with a ruthless, driving need for blood and destruction. It cares for none, defends its territory with brutal force, and kills with a raw, animalistic savagery unlike any have seen before. Polish schoolboy Janek, and Russian girl Tanya are traveling by a plane which ended up in the hands of a gang of drug dealers headed by ex Nazi criminal Henrich Scharf. She's the most beautiful, most short-sighted, most sentimental, most perplexing, most obstinate, most untrustworthy and most troubling of heroines. The lady in the car has never seen the sea. On the run from the police, she keeps telling herself that she's not crazy... Only... Nadine and Lewis move to a small Bahamian island hoping to restore their relationship in the wake of a tragedy, only to find the picturesque island torn in two: on one side a dangerous human trafficker and on the other an aging patriarch, struggling to maintain order. A group of teens break into a blind man's home thinking they'll get away with the perfect crime. They're wrong. A car crash prevents Jeanine Markham, a world-renowned astrophysicist, from delivering her controversial lecture about her findings. The accident puts Jeanine at the cross roads of conscious and subconscious, between Comatose and awake as she struggles to live. But even in her vegetative unresponsive state, her mind, slipping between the two realities, continues her quest to deliver the truth. For Jeanine's husband and others, accepting the irrefutable proof that she presents is unthinkable - that we're alone in the universe, that no deity hears or answers our prayers nor punishes our sins, that humanity is entirely the product of random events, and that our sufferings, indeed our lives and loves are ultimately pointless. Her journey, stuck between the two worlds, becomes shrouded by dark and mysterious events that create a whirlwind of tumultuous emotions and terrifying realizations. Two fugitives land in hot water when they take a hostage who poses a threat to their well-being. Legendary performer Judy Garland arrives in London in the winter of 1968 to perform a series of sold-out concerts. An annual hunting trip for four longtime friends turns into a backwoods nightmare when they run into a group of devout locals deep inside the Pacific Northwest. As tension mounts between the two groups, the men become caught in a vicious game of cat and mouse while struggling to deal with their own personal demons and growing distrust among each other in this pulse-pounding action thriller. The story is inspired by true stories from The Ocala National Forest of how multiple Campers and Hikers Have vanished without a trace. Due to psychological issues with performing his secret mission the undercover detective visits a private psychiatrist and tells her about the reason for his visit. When she thinks the detective is just another ordinary patient with a need for a "cathartic" conversation and discussing his heady action detective experience, she realizes he's a much more complicated case, a case she might not be able to take in her stride. Man's best friend becomes his worst nightmare when a horde of bloodthirsty wild dogs descends upon a family's farmhouse in a fang-bearing fight for survival. Young art gallerist Katarina's dad suddenly goes missing. It turns out that her dad, a prominent art dealer, is kidnapped in Egypt by his former smuggle partner, who has been released due to the Arab spring. To save her father, Katarina has to find the hidden statue that the kidnapper demands as ransom. Jose Sirgado, filmmaker in his thirties, has completed his second film and is deeply unsatisfied for various reasons. One may be that his relationship with the film has nothing to do with what he had imagined, another may be that the heroine of his film has left a deeper mark than expected, or his break with Ana, the protagonist of his first film. On returning home he finds Ana and the heroine of his latest film. Both of them are expecting him as if nothing had happened and Jose, deeply altered, soon falls into temptation. A claymation short that parodies 80s action flicks. Cruel revenge...a confession even crueler than that.  Movie director Byeong-cheon invites high school student Se-yeong over to his house to interview her for a character in his next movie. He relives her nerves with some vodka and starts the interview on a good note but things change when Byeong-cheon brings out his real intentions. Gang leader Jeet Johar and his young, loyal, and often-brutal crew dress like peacocks, love attention, and openly compete with an old style Indo crime syndicate to take over the Vancouver drug and arms scene. Blood is spilled, hearts are broken, and family bonds shattered as the Beeba Boys do anything to be seen and to be feared in a white world. A disturbed single mother confronts a mysterious stranger and the echoes of her past to protect her home.  A dangerous international spy is determined to give up his high stakes life to finally build a closer relationship with his estranged wife and daughter. But first, he must complete one last mission - even if it means juggling the two toughest assignments yet: hunting down the world's most ruthless terrorist and looking after his teenage daughter for the first time in ten years, while his wife is out of town. The Chosen follows the story of two teenage boys determined to remain friends despite the deep differences between their two families. Set in New York during the 1940s, this provocative film follows the son of an orthodox rabbi and the son of a secular father, raised to question everything around him, including his religion. A moving coming of age story. The story is about Eva, a Ukrainian girl who has come to Milan to work as a model. As soon as she arrives in Italy she attracts the attention of the male world. All of the men that she encounters seem to be solely interested in exploiting her beauty: and so we have Luke, the stalker, who never stops tormenting her with text messages and phone calls; Airoldi, the shady television producer, who offers her various jobs in exchange for her sexual favours, and lastly, Tom, a vile photographer, who has no scruples whatsoever. After being raped at a party by Tom and two of his colleagues, Eva is invited by Cindy, her flatmate, to a sort of Sabbath, attended solely by women, in a place outside Milan. From that moment on, the gateway to success in the fashion world opens before Eva and, at the same time, a tremendous vendetta begins against the violent male world. Margaret, a psychiatrist and single mother, grapples with her conscience and dismal circumstances. When she is further catapulted into deeper waters with the arrival of a new patient, Peter, she is forced to revisit her dark past. Struggling with her uncertain future, Margaret and Peter's journeys towards personal liberation from their mundane lives has them treading an unstable and precarious path. Rachel Strode, a young immigrant with a dark secret in her past, comes to Israel in the Fall of 1973 to volunteer in a Kibbutz and then to convert to Judaism. Soon, she realizes that the local Kibbutz members don't seem to like strangers and foreigners, and that the evening of Yom Kippur (the most important holiday for Jews), will bring danger to her and her young volunteering friends. What begins as a time of fun and the celebration of youth turns into a menacing and bloody night of terror, which will give a new meaning to Yom Kippur of 1973. When a broke young couple rent a room in an elderly couples London house it becomes apparent no one is what they really seem. Amelia hesitantly follows her husband's dream of heading west during the 1848 California gold rush. His rash decision to go ahead of the caravan results in his death at the hands of Indians, but Amelia survives. Alone in a wilderness that she never wanted to travel, she must find civilization with virtually no survival skills or supplies. When an ex-CIA agent discovers his family have been kidnapped he sets out to rescue them, only to discover they are being held hostage and won't be released unless he carries out a mission to assassinate the President. He must use his advanced skills to outwit the men holding his family and prevent the assassination from going ahead before the clock runs out for his family. When a local woman disappears and the police can't seem to find any leads, her father turns to a poor young woman with psychic powers. Slowly she starts having visions of the woman chained and in a pond. Her visions lead to the body and the arrest of an abusive husband, but did he really do it? When struggling artist Colson finds his muse in sultry singer Fran, their daring romance spirals out of control into a dangerous game of deception and betrayal. When Alana, a naive stripper, is raped by her boss, Stag, and his drug dealer friend, she turns to her fellow dancers for help. Joined by the beautiful Roxy and seductive Crystal, they hatch a plan to kidnap Stag and force him to give them the combination to his safe. Using his own vices against him, they seduce and drug him. When he wakes he is cuffed in his office where three women he has wronged in different ways hold him captive. In what becomes a grim battle of wills, the girls use physical and mental torture to try to force the combination from him, needing the money to flee before he gets free and kills them all. But they quickly realize they're in over their heads as everything that can go wrong does. As the walls close in around them they have until dawn to get even, get the money and get gone. Sabine is looking for the truth behind the disappearance of her best friend twenty years ago. An encounter with the handsome Olaf, a man she remembers from her teenage years, and the announcement of a high school reunion turns her life upside down. Jay Davis is a star high school athlete with a full college basketball scholarship coming his way. When a new girl, "Karma" moves to town, Jay's effort in making her welcome is quickly voided when she feels her heart is being played with. Jay now has to fight not only for his basketball career, but for his life. A paleontologist gets a tip from an oil worker in the Badlands that may set her career back on track. When a priest is jailed for the murder of a nun on whom he was performing an exorcism, an investigative journalist strives to determine whether he in fact murdered a mentally ill person, or if he lost the battle with a demonic presence. A photographer remembers that special summer that he spent with his somewhat older cousin, the feelings that were awakened, and the unexpected turn of events behind his "best" photo. When massive volcanic storms begin to spew from the Earth, geophysicist Kate Ferris tries to convince the Department of Defense that this is no natural phenomenon. Deep in the shadows lives a legend so horrifying, it has paralyzed the locals for decades. In this terrifying sequel six thrill seekers from the suburbs chase the legend of Cyrus to it's roots. Ignoring all warnings, they continue to a secluded cabin that sits at the heart of madness. As the dark and stormy night approaches, will they escape the terror that awaits them at the hands of a vengeful killer? Or will they become part of the blood stained forest that is... Dark Shade Creek. After a successful debut, novelist Sam Lamont (Jeremy Koerner) struggles to meet a looming deadline for his next book. Frustrated and desperate for inspiration, he begins to follow a mysterious drifter (Bill Olson) that appears in town. But when bodies start piling up and Sam's new muse proves to be more than just a harmless transient, his sanity and career are put in jeopardy as he goes on the run. Taking refuge with his family far from the city, it soon becomes clear to Sam that his stalker may have a deeper motive for his erratic behavior in this terrifying psychological thriller. A young woman seeks help from a sleep clinic for her insomnia, but soon deals with her entire life being turned upside down. Just a Little Harmless Sex examines a young married couple that faces a serious break-up when the husband is caught committing adultery with a prostitute. Four childhood friends are reunited when one of them surfaces after twenty years, forcing them to confront a creature straight out of a spine-chilling Moroccan legend. The horrific history of the Dead End Highway. In December 1941, Czech soldier Jozef Gabcik and Jan Kubis parachute into their occupied homeland to assassinate Nazi officer Reinhard Heydrich A teenager pretends to be dying from cancer as a way to cope with the realities of his daily existence and his father's terminal illness. It is the late 1950s. Flourishing under the economic miracle, Germany grows increasingly apathetic about confronting the horrors of its recent past. Nevertheless, Fritz Bauer doggedly devotes his energies to bringing the Third Reich to justice. One day Bauer receives a letter from Argentina, written by a man who is certain that his daughter is dating the son of Adolph Eichmann. Excited by the promising lead, and mistrustful of a corrupt judiciary system where Nazis still lurk, Bauer journeys to Jerusalem to seek alliance with Mossad, the Israeli secret service. To do so is treason -- yet committing treason is the only way Bauer can serve his country. A trusting detective is drawn into an elaborate murder plot by a beautiful femme fatale. The most dangerous former operative of the CIA is drawn out of hiding to uncover hidden truths about his past. Kalima, a young foreigner just arrived in Buenos Aires, attends a job interview, without suspecting that the job is with a mysterious sect working in the human trafficking business. A group of privileged students spend a night patrolling the prestigious Dhoultham school. However, it soon turns into the worst night of their lives as they face off against burglars, supernatural spirits and a deeper, darker evil.  Directed by Russell England. Coffin Dreams is a surreal, dark, rom-com thriller. When Nat wakes up in a coffin in the middle of nowhere she has no idea what's happened to her or how she will get out. Throughout the film, we follow Nat as she tries to figure out what's reality and what are her dreams. SEARCHING FOR KATIE is a docu-style thriller in which Taryn investigates the disappearance of a young girl and her connection to an underground cult based in Los Angeles. As she continues her search, the facts become more hazy, and the threats become more real. Who is telling the truth? And what ever happened to Katie? Interwoven with interviews from former cult members and mind control experts, the film also includes videos from Taryn's fans and several digital video bonus surprises. Bruno's plan to win back his ex-girlfriend hits a snag when he becomes attracted to her boyfriend. Shivam is a Police thriller, with Biju Menon in the lead, and Shaji Kailas comes back to associate with Revathy Kalamandhir. The theme involves administration of Vigilante justice with the hero taking law into his own hands and bcoming an anti-hero in the process. While attending a party at James Franco's house, Seth Rogen, Jay Baruchel and many other celebrities are faced with the apocalypse. Ray Lorkin, chief lawman in the tiny rural settlement of Wala Wala, Australia, fears that long-simmering tensions between the area's aborigine natives and white settlers are on the verge of erupting. When it's discovered that Kate, the white wife of local schoolteacher Les, has despoiled a sacred site by secretly meeting her aborigine lover, Tony, there, a shocking murder threatens to rip the small town apart. In 2011 Portugal began the so-called "year of the Troika" (EU, IMF and ECB budget cuts and economic restructuring), with the level of debt among the Portuguese people reaching staggering amounts and a growing number of families and companies unable to repay their installment loans. Jorge is an unemployed boxer on the verge of losing his son and his wife, who has decided to return to Brazil. As a means of paying off his debt and persuading his wife to remain in Portugal, Jorge accepts a job with a debt-collection agency, which will drag him into a world of violence and crime. Katherine Morrissey, a former Christian missionary, lost her faith after the tragic deaths of her family. Now she applies her expertise to debunking religious phenomena. When a series of biblical plagues overrun a small town, Katherine arrives to prove that a supernatural force is not behind the occurrences, but soon finds that science cannot explain what is happening. Instead, she must regain her faith to combat the evil that waits in a Louisiana swamp. Through mysterious eyewear, a blind woman can see ghosts. Glimpsing Death itself, she must discover why it has come for her. Daniel Petrie scripted and directed this Canadian-British film, an adaptation of the memorable 1957 Brooklyn-based novel by Brooklyn-born Bernard Malamud, author of The Natural. During the Depression, drifter Frank Alpine (Gil Bellows) and hobo Ward Minogue (Jaimz Woolvett) rob the small Bober family grocery. Minogue attacks frail Morris Bober (Armin Mueller-Stahl) because he has little money. Later, guilt sends Alpine back to the store, where he goes unrecognized and is hired by Bober as an assistant, despite the objections of Ida Bober (Joan Plowright). While Frank works the store, receiving miniscule wages, he falls for Bober's daughter, Helen (Kate Greenhouse), and Morris eventually learns who Frank really is. Lily, a failing and fairly crap stand-up comedian, falls for Spike, a sexy physicist who enlists her to work on his teleportation machine, changing her life forever. Sensitive wallflower Cara exists in her humdrum life until the appearance of charismatic Jay unlocks powerful desires within her. When Jay's beautiful French lover arrives, Cara's journey to self-discovery takes a dark and unexpected turn, with tragic consequences. Trapped aboard the family yacht, Samantha lives out her personal Hell, night after night, answering to the cruel and painful demands of the ship's alarm system. Taking a journey into the depths of depravity, she wakes each morning to the disfiguring scars left by the previous night's horror and searches for the answer to a missing memory: 'Could I have killed my family... Or did Hell get it wrong?' A CIA operative interrogates a time-traveling terrorist.  Struggling with a horrific past, Claire Rhodes must confront a stalker turned murderer of her youth in order to win her life - but will her own demons help the killer exact his vengeance? A love story between a terrorist and his victim. A brilliant but disturbed scientist freezes his children alive, while he races to cure their deadly genetic disease by decoding the DNA of the immortal Turritopsis jellyfish. Emma is kidnapped and imprisoned by a trio of psychopaths.  Sibylle, a pragmatic architect, mother and wife, witnesses a suicide of a woman her age while on vacation in Italy. Devastated by this incident, it causes the perception of her life and her family to change. Something inside of her has been set in motion that seems to endanger everything which she has defined herself by... A young soldier, Kate (Zara Phythian), returns from a tour in Afghanistan after witnessing her boyfriend's tragic death in combat. With the comfort of her friends, including Torri (Barbara Nedeljacova), she takes the chance to get away on a camping trip to a picturesque, remote area of the British countryside. Wanting to escape their past, the girls begin their expedition into the woods for a peaceful break. As they near Sunset Point, they come across a strange and evasive group of locals who seem to be living off the land. During their journey they also have a friendly encounter with three charming, rock-climbing adventurers, led by Ethan (Ben Loyd Holmes). After the girls find themselves secluded again, Charlie (Jemma Bolt) goes suddenly goes missing, leaving the girls vulnerable in the dangerous woods. As darkness falls, the girls will be forced to rely on each other and their newly formed friendships to find Charlie before it becomes the last hike of their lives. One evening, while her parents go out for dinner, 18-year-old Louise, alone in her hotel room at Taj Mahal Mumbai, hears strange noises out in the corridor. Within minutes, she realises that a terrorist attack is underway. Her only connection to the outside world is her cell phone, which allows her to maintain contact with her father, who is desperately trying to reach her from the other side of a city that has been plunged into chaos. Louise must spend a long night alone in the face of danger. She will never be the same again. Lone wolf detective with an enormous personal grievance seeks to connect the mysterious death of his daughter to an urban legend of a villain who terrorizes Japan by insinuating himself into people's dreams and the collective psyche of the Japanese people. An FBI agent teams with the town's veteran game tracker to investigate a murder that occurred on a Native American reservation. Forced to fend for himself on the streets, 13-year-old Zack has just been pushed out of his dysfunctional home by Wayne, his mother's sadistic boyfriend. When the two are brought back together by a murder, only one will survive this bloody tale of revenge. In a near future, the world order has changed. With its 10 millions of unemployed citizens, France has now become a poor country. Its people wavers between rebellion and resignation and find an outlet in the shape of TV broadcast ultra brutal fights in which the players are legally doped and unscrupulous. Charlton Heston stars as Renaissance artist Michelangelo di Lodovico Buonarroti Simoni (6 March 1475 - 18 February 1564), who begrudgingly paints the Sistine Chapel for imperious Pope Julius II in this epic adaptation of Irvine Stone's novel directed by Carol Reed. While the novel covers Michelangelo's life from birth to death, the film focuses on the battle of wills between the perfectionist artist and the impatient Pope who commissions (and eventually commands) him to paint the famed chapel. A police shootout leaves four thieves dead during an explosive armed robbery attempt in Chicago. Their widows have nothing in common except a debt left behind by their spouses' criminal activities. Hoping to forge a future on their own terms, they join forces to pull off a heist. An American sniper and his spotter engage in a deadly cat-and-mouse game with an Iraqi sniper. At a secret government facility, behavioral scientist Rachel Moreno runs an experimental drug trial on a group of prison inmates to find out what caused their violent behavior. Eight strangers go into a locked room for clinical trials on a new drug that gives them superpowers. Highest rated and most viewed Dutch documentary of 2012. A free documentary about the rise of the surveillance state by Peter Vlemmix (@petervlemmix).  Synopsis: Control on our daily lives increases and privacy is disappearing. How is this exactly happening and in which way will it effect all our lives? What happens when an uncontrollable virus turns the living into the living dead? Two years after the Produce Wars, gangs of renegades rove the countryside in search of greens. All they need is a leader. A journalist, who is still in love with his ex-girlfriend, becomes the obsession of his landlord's daughter. Arriving Somewhere... is the first live performance DVD by British progressive rock band Porcupine Tree. Disc one is a full show from the Deadwing tour filmed by "Studio M" with nine High Def cameras at Park West, Chicago in October 11 and 12, 2005, edited by Lasse Hoile, with the soundtrack mixed in stereo and 5.1 surround sound by Steven Wilson, and mastered by Darcy Proper. In 1997 the close-knit Anderson family vanished from their home without a trace. No bodies were ever found and no explanation satisfied curiosity. For 17 years the house has remained undisturbed...until now. This eerily expert frightener is further enlivened by terrific performances from 'Suits'/'Arrow' star Neal McDonough and SILENT HILL/THE TALL MAN/TIDELAND's Jodelle Ferland. A young couple are stranded in a remote location for several days without food or water, while a massive, giant, madman stalks their every move, proving it impossible for them to escape unscathed. Trapped in a mysterious room with no escape, four brilliant minds race against time to prevent a cosmic collapse of the universe. They must learn to work together and solve the puzzle before it's too late.  Worldwide kidnapping have been a business of 150 billion Dollars per year. This is the kidnapping saga of a girl who is worth of millions. The kidnappers are professionals who are into kidnapping (pocketing) business. But what they are not aware is the true identity of the girl that they have kidnapped A struggling family in Albania, wrestling with tradition, must unite against a mysterious clan's aggressions, leading to a 'blood feud' that is all too familiar in the Balkans. The 93-minute thriller/slasher movie/whodunit offers an alternative take on the "Kropemann", an ancient Luxembourg legend which was originally told to children to stop them from going near bodies of water to keep them safe from drowning. Anna is a beautiful,fiercely independent blind woman. Due to financial problems her husband Carl has to sell the apartment they lived in. They move in an old house in a remote location surrounded by fields. Anna is not happy there and feels even more isolated as she is most of the time all alone... but eery noises and strange facts lead her to think that someone is in the house too... or "something". The story of The Empire of Corpses takes place in 19th century Europe, and revolves around John Watson. He is scouted by the government to become a secret agent- However, Watson lives in a world where "Frankensteins"- human corpses that are re-purposed with a false soul in order to use them as laborers- are used to improve industrial development. After a serial killer strangles several women with a necktie, London police identify a suspect--but he's the wrong man. It's a classic case of opposite attraction: Handsome Ben Bennet (Ethan Sharrett) is a gay, affluent, stylish attorney at the top of the genteel social set in southern Virginia, while Lee Darcy (Chase Conner) is a rough-hewn welder with a secret that he nightly tries to blot out with an excess of liquor. A unique historical portrait of the Palestinian people's struggle to produce their own image. Using material long hidden in archives across the globe, the film reaches back through the modern history of Palestine and reverses decades of colonial dominance with a mosaic of struggle from the perspective of the colonized. A legendary Native American-hating Army captain nearing retirement in 1892 is given one last assignment: to escort a Cheyenne chief and his family through dangerous territory back to his Montana reservation. While testing the latest first person shooter from global game developer, Sentinel, video game champion Max Troy discovers the events happening within the game are being reflected in the real world. He soon determines that the game's protagonist is real-life Orson Creed, an ex-Sentinel employee who is being remotely controlled by the corporation for reasons unknown. As virtual and real worlds collide, Max and Creed must join forces to unravel the conspiracy before the game's sinister events escalate and overwhelm the city. A young couple are going to spend a few days on vacation to the sea. When the lawyer- and brother- of a dying patriarch commits suicide, it sets into motion a chain of murders which tears their family apart. When a college student starts having a reoccurring nightmare, she begins to believe that it's a suppressed memory. Her search to find the answers forces her to confront her past traumas, while at the same time, helps her unlock a mystery that may bring a killer to justice. As the devoutly single Don Johnston is dumped by his latest girlfriend, he receives an anonymous pink letter informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. Follow the adventures of Belle, a bright young woman who finds herself in the castle of a prince who's been turned into a mysterious beast. With the help of the castle's enchanted staff, Belle soon learns the most important lesson of all -- that true beauty comes from within. The journey of a woman scientist who, at the end of times, discovers that true Faith can bring Miracles. Layabout, clandestine lover, small-time hood - Mousa has all kinds of skills. A refugee camp resident, this Palestinian does not give a damn about his father's hard-won permit to work legally in the Israeli part of Jerusalem - he would rather earn a living stealing Israeli cars and selling them to Palestinian fences. Mousa is convinced that his future lies far away from all the violence and constraints that characterise life in the divided city; his heart, moreover, belongs to a married woman. Following the theft of a Passat one day he is given a brutal goingover by Palestinian militia-men. On closer inspection of the vehicle, he makes a discovery which suddenly makes apolitical Mousa of interest to all sides ...  Picking up directly where the previous film left off, the story follows Riley, one of the last people to come in contact with Samantha, as he scrambles to track down those responsible for the outbreak before the highly contagious disease not only consumes his body, but the world as we know it. Sathyadev, who is on a career break, is forced to put on his cop shoes ones again to save Thenmozhi, a young woman who is the target of a criminal organ harvesting group, led by a ghost from his past. Feluda and his cousin Topshe goes to Lucknow with Topshe's father to spend the Puja vacation. They arrived at the house of Dhirendra Kumar Sanyal, a friend of Topshe's father. That evening Dr. Shrivastav also came to Dhirendra Kumar Sanyal and tells him about last night, a thief tried to steal his 'Ring of Aurangzeb' (The Emperor's Ring) which was given to him by Pyarilaal Seth. After the incident Dr. Shrivastav has been afraid and asks Dhirendra Kumar Sanyal to keep the ring safe. Dhirendra Kumar Sanyal agreed and keeps the ring to his home. But someday the ring goes missing from there. Then Feluda and Topshe started investigation for the culprit. Meanwhile, Feluda meets an interesting person in doctor's neighborhood, Mr. Bonobihari Sarkar. Bonobihari babu has ferocious and poisonous creatures like crocodile, African tiger, hyena, rattlesnake, scorpion and black widow spider in his own home. After waking up in an apartment where only the night before a party was raging, Sam is forced to come to grips with reality: He is now alone and the living dead have invaded the streets of Paris. Petrified with fear, Sam is going to have to barricade himself inside the building and organize his survival. But is he really the sole survivor? Five years after an unexplained malfunction causes the death of 15 tour-goers and staff on the opening night of a Halloween haunted house tour, a documentary crew travels back to the scene of the tragedy to find out what really happened. Viktor Karppa was forced involuntarily in the middle of Russia's internal power struggle. Soon bunch of assassins as well as Security Police are trying to catch Karppa. Karppa's family is also in great danger. In order to save themselves and their families they need to resort to Karppas friend, the police Korhonen , as well as his brother Aleksei. An Intimate performance of songs from Everything Now After Shideh's building is hit by a missile during the Iran-Iraq War, a superstitious neighbor suggests that the missile was cursed and might be carrying malevolent Middle-Eastern spirits. She becomes convinced a supernatural force within the building is attempting to possess her daughter Dorsa, and she has no choice but to confront these forces if she is to save her daughter and herself. Desperate to save his fiancee from a demon that has possessed her soul, a man turns to his longtime priest for help. Martina, a biology student,  who after moving from her hometown to complete her studies decides to undertake an excursion to the outskirts of the city in search of rare and exotic specimens for research. Not finding the specimen after a long search, she decides to rest by the roadside. At that time, her new psychotic neighbors propose to take her to the woods where they claim is the specimen that she seeks. Martina accepts the crossing naturally, but on the way the thugs kidnap her, determined to cause all sorts of sinister and gruesome acts, both physical and psychological. The story takes an unexpected turn when Martina decides to release her pent- up anger. Upon reaching the train station to death, a dejected soul is informed that he is 'lucky' and will have another chance at life. He is placed in the body of a 14-year-old boy named Makoto Kobayashi, who has just committed suicide. Mind-control technology has taken society by a storm, a multiplayer on-line game called "Slayers" allows players to control human prisoners in mass-scale. Simon controls Kable, the online champion of the game. Kable's ultimate challenge becomes regaining his identity and independence by defeating the game's mastermind. Zach ambushes his girlfriend to catch her cheating, but gets some devastating surprises that escalate into something horrifying. 7 years later, a detective reveals that the "real" truth is much worse than anyone feared with the most disturbing video ever seen. An aggressive race of aliens took over Planet Earth and humanity's at its end, living in giant bunkers below ground. Young Military rookie S.U.M.1 (Iwan Rheon) is sent to the surface to save a group of unprotected survivors. A guy goes on a date that he has been dying to go to for years. In this anime anthology, a salvage ship crew happens upon a haunted vessel in "Magnetic Rose"; a cold tablet turns a lab worker into a biological weapon in "Stink Bomb"; and an urban populace carries on an endless war with an unseen foe in "Cannon Fodder." A maniacal clown named Art terrorizes three young women and everyone else who stands in his way on Halloween night. Byomkesh is called upon for help by police to solve the murder mystery of a wealthy old man Benimadhab and his servant Meghraj. He and Ajit finds the case submerged in crooked intentions of family members. The long-awaited missing pieces from the original version of the film - nearly an hour-and-a-half of deleted/alternate scenes from Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me - often referred to as the "holy grail" of Twin Peaks fandom. Featuring collectors, dealers, auctioneers and a rich range of artists, including market darlings George Condo, Jeff Koons, Gerhard Richter and Njideka Akunyili Crosby, this documentary examines the role of art and artistic passion in today's money-driven, consumer-based society. Abandoned by her friends and family and with her career in jeopardy, starlet Markey Marlowe is sequestered in a duplex with a reclusive landlord who just may be more dangerous than she is. A young tech worker takes a job at a powerful Internet corporation, quickly rises up the company's ranks, and soon finds herself in a perilous situation concerning privacy, surveillance and freedom. She comes to learn that her decisions and actions will determine the future of humanity. On a remote Irish farm, five people become unwilling participants in an experiment that goes nightmarishly wrong. Set in the late 21st century, an MRI scanner is introduced at the National Research Institute of Police Science's 9th Forensics Laboratory. The machine is able to scan the memories from even the deceased. As ethical questions arise over the machine's use, the 9th Forensics Laboratory members, including rookie Ikko Aoki and Chief Tsuyoshi Maki, struggle to solve cases. Rick and Virginia Sims have a simple, spiritual life together when they are given the gift of an unexpected pregnancy. Blessings can be deadly. When Rick is left to raise their daughter on his own, Dalana becomes the sole importance in her father's world. As Dalana grows up and tries to have a life of her own, Rick must take steps to insure that she will never leave him. Set in Inner Mongolia, a physical setback causes a young woman to choose a suitor who can take care of her, as well as her disabled husband. An American family on holiday in Africa becomes lost in a game reserve and stalked by lions.  Four friends at a prestigious university whose promising futures are jeopardized when they become connected to the accidental death of a classmate. When another student says she knows about their involvement, the friends panic and start to plot her murder. After trying to seduce a naive young actress, an overly cocky young horror director has the tables turned on him when the actress and her girlfriend restrain him and proceed to torture him in the same manner he had tortured people in the film that made him famous. Professor Jay Verma finds himself in a precarious situation amidst his failing career and crumbling marital relationship. Struggling to make his way out, he seeks help from Ronnie, a student in lieu of his help to complete Ronnie's thesis. The two strike a deal, however, soon things go awry and the professor begins to question his own sanity. A menacing shark-like predator attacks a Hawaiian tourist area in this low-budget creature feature. An uncredited Roger Corman served as executive producer. Davi Carvalho is a psychology professor who wrote a book about how we project traumas of our past as paranormal events. A student from out of the city, Renata, appears in his life, asking for help for his little sister, Julia. Someone is hurting her and her father believes it is the ghost of a caretaker that lived in the family property years ago. Renata seeking for a rational answer, invites Davi to go to there family's house in order to find the truth behind it. Fifteen-year old John Cleaver is dangerous, and he knows it. He's obsessed with serial killers, but really doesn't want to become one. Terrible impulses constantly tempt him, so for his own sake, and the safety of those around, he lives by rigid rules to keep himself "good" and "normal". However, when a real monster shows up in his town he has to let his dark side out in order to stop it - but without his rules to keep him in check, he might be more dangerous than the monster he's trying to kill. Molly is struggling with being a new mom, but after meeting Beth, things temporarily improve only to turn as Beth's dark intentions are brought to light. Combining his amazing talent and his unorthodox sense of humor, Jeff Dunham returns, yet again, with a hilarious stand-up comedy and ventriloquist performance. Starting off with the infamously known Walter, scrutinizing every bit of today's American society. Followed by two new characters, Achmed the Dead Terrorist, who continuously threatens the crowd with Silence and Death, and Melvin the Superhero. When loser Marvin Mange is involved in a horrible car accident, he's brought back to life by a deranged scientist as half man and half animal. His newfound powers are awesome -- but their adverse side effects could take over his life. Now, Marvin must fight to control his crazy primal urges around his new squeeze, Rianna, and his rival, Sgt. Sisk, who both think he's one cool cat.  When Lloyd, a photographer slowly dying of a brain tumor, realises the growth killing him is breathing life into the recently dead, he uses his camera lens as the conduit to reanimation. After discovering a disturbing snuff film of a beautiful naked woman being tortured and murdered, he is compelled to bring her back to life. Enchanted by her grace and charm he resurrects her night after night and gradually falls in love. However, each night Lloyd also unwittingly resurrects her killer... SHAPE. A stranger invades the family life of Victor. It seems that he has a hidden secret with Victor's wife, which involves their daughter. He wants to protect his family, and he is ready to face all the consequences to stop the threat. A seductive teen befriends an introverted high school student and schemes her way into the lives of her wealthy family. On the way to visit Shun, who didn't attend class, Hiroshi and Anna are drawn by a mysterious butterfly and enter the big house "Jail House". They get lost and wander around the house. Meanwhile, Takuro, Mika and Takeshi, who bullies Shun, enter the "Jail House" to test their courage. Five young adults suddenly find themselves hunted by a malevolent entity, and must pull together to survive until dawn. A scientist comes to believe that evil is a disease of the blood and that the flesh of a skeleton he has brought back from New Guinea contains it in a pure form. Convinced that his wife, a Folies Bergere dancer who went insane, manifested this evil he is terrified that it will be passed on to their daughter. He tries to use the skeleton's blood to immunise her against this eventuality, but his attempt has anything but the desired result. The straightest people can be the most twisted. The Shadow Mountains, 1983. Red and Mandy lead a loving and peaceful existence; but when their pine-scented haven is savagely destroyed, Red is catapulted into a phantasmagoric journey filled with bloody vengeance and laced with fire. Santiago leaves a small town jail and, finding no job, gets involved in a robbery that goes wrong, ending up committing a crime. Desperate, runs away and hides in a big city using a random fake name, in search for a second chance. However, that name is the same of another man also hiding a dark secret. Completely made with still photos, The Name explores memory, individual responsibility and the chance to start over.  Nathan is an agoraphobic, living alone and keeping to himself. Until he meets his neighbour Izzy and something awakens, Something that is pure evil. Three couples go on a ski retreat together. However, what began as a fun trip ends in bloodshed when a blizzard strikes and leaves the six friends trapped in their cabin. The winner of a political reality show makes a simple man a national hero. A horror based psychological thriller set in an altered world where one man's perception of reality becomes distorted as his existence keeps being thrown back in time -- specifically "Monday At 11:01 A.M." Thiller based on the Detective story Rwin by Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay. The film is directed by Arindam Sil, and produced by Reliance Entertainment and Mundus Services. This is the second directorial venture of the director after Aborto. The film is based on the investigation of the murder of Mitali Ghosh (Swastika Mukherjee).What follows is a revelation of certain shameful truths that are prevalent in the life of a typical high society person. Commander Stevenson, suffering from unrequited love drives to the coast while very drunk and interrupts some smugglers and informs Scotland Yard. After a night of carousing, a rich oil tycoon awakes to find that he was married the night before. He calls in his lawyer (Laurel) to straighten things out. After moving into a cottage together, two young lovers confront horrors of a forgotten childhood.  During a zombie pandemic, security consultant Jack Romero is bitten by a Zombie and has 3 days before he either turns into one or not, depending on his blood type, which he doesn't know. Holding up in his home during a statewide quarantine, he must keep his wife, who is safely away at a military base, unaware of his condition, fend off an occasional zombie, as well as other characters, while the clock ticks away at his fate. Written, produced and directed by King Jeff, this film strays away from the zombie movie cliches and is fresh and original visually as well as its soundtrack and focus on character. Pierre Blum, 40, is a writer who had his time of glory in the early 2000s. One evening, on a casino terrace, he meets Joseph Paskin. This mysterious man, charismatic and manipulative, is influential in the world of politics and persuades Pierre to take on a strange mission that takes him back to a past he'd prefer to forget, and puts his life in danger. In the middle of all this, Pierre falls in love with Laura, a young extreme-left activist. But in this world  of subterfuge, who can really be trusted? In the shadow of the Range Rover murders, drugs, violence and revenge continue to reign in a criminal underworld even darker and deadlier than before as a new generation of Essex Boys begin to carve their bloody mark. Away from home, living alone in an old and gloomy apartment, Perola feels the effects of the time passing, being increasingly taken by nostalgia and fear to a point where dream, fantasy and reality lose its borders. Enrique y Rolando son dos pranganas que trabajan montando equipos sonideros para los toquines de barriada a los que ellos mismos asisten. Soco, novia de Enrique, al parecer esta embarazada. Luisa, madre de Rolando, es una lenona de buen corazon que da chamba a meretrices en desgracia, como Lola. Un psiquiatra se dedica a contratar los servicios de esas desvalidas pirujillas y a traficar con tachas. Uno de sus pacientes, Ramiro, es un esquizofrenico violento y padroton que se convierte en su dealer. Three people from different walks of life find themselves trapped inside a stalled elevator. What at first seems like an inconvenience rapidly escalates into a nightmare. Rajiv Kaul, a successful ad-filmmaker, is celebrating his 40th birthday. Everything is as always: friends, food, wine, music. The only thing different is the absence of his wife and kids and the presence of a beautiful stranger, Sandy. Who is she? Why does she stare at him? Do they know each other from before?  A dangerous liaison ensues and throws Rajiv's life upside down. Nothing is what it seems and there is no one who Rajiv can trust. Neither his wife nor his best friend, but most dangerously, not even himself.  Can Rajiv undo the past and save himself from the impending doom?  A series of twisted events blurs the fine line between past, present and future. Between what's real and what may not be... A world-travelling ghost hunter mysteriously disappears, leaving everything to his niece, who accidentally releases a horde of angry spirits, imprisoned in liquor bottles, during her Fourth-of-July party. "Tyler Texas Black Film Collection" (1985) is a promotional film hosted by Ossie Davis. After finding his brother murdered after returning from duty, Webster searches for the perpetrators, but discovers a conspiracy that cuts deep inside the U.S. government. 5 People, 4 Lifestyles, 3 Murders, 2 Hours, 1 Revenge. The story takes around five persons who are interconnected through life situations, plotted in a house. A number of 'missing person' cases are reported in Phoenix, Arizona when an unexplained light appears in the sky one night in 1997. This bleak late soviet-era drama follows the career of Malyanov, a young medical school graduate who has been sent to work in Turkmenia. Here he runs into a hodge-podge of people of differing ethnicities, all of them victims of the government's earlier mania for relocating and eliminating whole ethnic groups and classes of people. These desperately unhappy people are unable to find any pleasure in this diverse companionship, but instead are antagonistic to it, and often resort to desperate measures in their doomed attempts to ease their pain. The failed documentary film maker Lukas Schmidt interviews the successful writer Agnes Lehner in a hotel room. As a past acquaintance between them is revealed, different accounts of a traumatic event are mixed with lies and deceit, leading to dire consequences. The amazing true story of Frederic Bourdin, who after having plundered all the centers for runaway minors and deliquents in Europe, even thought he has come of age, now passes himself off as Nicholas Barclay, a 13-year-old American who had vanished three years ago. To his astonishment, Nicholas's family welcomes him like their son, leaving Interpol and the FBI aghast. It is the beginning of a race against time for the investigators, family and Bourdin. But who is manipulating whom? And who is Frederic Bourdin in reality? More than 2,000,000 Americans are victims of home burglary each year. How safe is your neighborhood?  The final night's work approaches for the staff of an insane asylum. A minimal crew of security and researchers remain to ensure the patients behave as expected before their transfers to a maximum security prison. Struggling with memories of abandonment, Dr. Helen Kingford finds herself on the brink of quitting her job as a psychologist. Following his forced retirement, the hospital's head of security decides on a destabilizing course of action leading to chaos and destruction within the asylum. In the confusion, all of the dangerous patients escape their padded cells. Confused, Dr. Kingford awakens finding herself tied up in the hospital morgue. Not knowing who to trust, she finds herself running from everyone in an attempt to survive. Held captive in a futuristic smart house, a woman hopes to escape by befriending the A.I. program that controls the house. Through six parts we follow main characters Scott and Mike surviving the beginning of a zombie apocalypse. 1963 Military Industrialist Arthur Blackmark must race against the clock to stop an international incident which threatens to end the world. Creepy found- footage horror about a grad student whose research into video chat culture quickly takes a dark and unsettling turn. Starring Melanie Papalia (2016)(74 mins). The passengers of a luxury airliner become stranded on a remote, mysterious island after an emergency landing. They soon realize the island holds a dark, deadly secret. Scary Full Feature Horror Movie! Jake and The paranormal team are on their way to help a family in need and to help them deal with some paranormal issues, But the Team never make it to their destination! It is abruptly interrupted by other worldly terrifying beings. Who will survive? Arjun (Shiv Pandit) come to Mumbai to visit his fiancee Maya. He reaches the City court to meet her and is taken aback when he is not able to find her anywhere. He begins to search for Maya and in an unexpected turn witnesses an unlikely murder. Frantic and exasperated, he is left with no choice but take passerby's as hostages before he is framed as the killer. The cops try to tackle the situation and within no time realize that Arjun is no ordinary hostage-taker and it seems next to impossible to apprehend him. Now, with nothing to lose, Arjun lays down his terms: "I have 7 hostages! And I am giving the Police 7 hours to find out the killer...! I need progress every 60 minutes or one hostage dies every hour!!" The clock ticks and the investigation begins. A "New Media" news coverage team (W.H.I.S.T.L.E.) is stranded near a beleaguered brothel in the middle of nowhere; recovered footage will reveal what happens when they encounter a group of women with a terrifying secret. When Jay and Annie first got together, their romantic connection was intense - but ten years and two kids later, the flame of their love needs a spark.  To kick things up a notch, they decide - why not? - to make a video of themselves trying out every position in The Joy of Sex in one marathon three-hour session.  It seems like a great idea - until they discover that their most private video is no longer private.  With their reputations on the line, they know they're just one click away from being laid bare to the world... but as their race to reclaim their video leads to a night they'll never forget, they'll find that their video will expose even more than they bargained for. Wisconsin Death Trip is an intimate, shocking and sometimes hilarious account of the disasters that befell one small town in Wisconsin during the final decade of the 19th century. The film is inspired by Michael Lesy's book of the same name which was first published in 1973. Lesy discovered a striking archive of black and white photographs in the town of Black River Falls dating from the 1890s and married a selection of these images to extracts from the town's newspaper from the same decade. The effect was surprising and disturbing. The town of Black River Falls seems gripped by some peculiar malaise and the weekly news is dominated by bizarre tales of madness, eccentricity and violence amongst the local population. A young couple go on an adventurous vacation to Thailand only to find themselves haunted by a malevolent spirit after naively disrespecting a Ghost House.  Three teenagers go visit a friend at his old farmhouse for the weekend. What they didn't expect was to be stuck in the middle of a centenary war between good and evil. An adventurous group of friends dare to break into the abandoned orphanage and quickly find themselves trapped and fighting against unnatural forces. Three friends discover an ancient order of monks about to trigger the apocalypse they have been planning for 1500 years and have to try to save themselves, but can they also save the world? Al Roberts, a New York nightclub pianist, hitch-hikes to Hollywood to meet his girlfriend Sue. The gambler he's riding with, Charles, unexpectedly dies. Afraid the police wouldn't believe the truth, Al takes the man's identity. In a gas station, he gives a lift to Vera, a woman that knew Charles and blackmails Al with tragic consequences. Feel-good movie about a college life of couple of friends and the consequences of a turning point which changed the life of each one of them. 2nd version of marathi blockbuster Mi Shivajiraje Bhosle Boltoy but this time its not Shivaji Maharaj,its Balasaheb Thakre..a common man fight for his cast people for marathi people for the existance of marathi people in mumbai  A young woman gets involved with an awkward young man but soon they find out that neither are who or what they say they are. A struggling actress inherits a bevy of colorful villains after desperation (with a touch of femme fatale) drives her and her gullible boyfriend to steal big from the Los Angeles underworld. An adventurous woman with a secret from her husband insists they go for a romantic camping trip in a remote wood to reconnect and share some quality time. But their idyll is shockingly cut short after a group of nearby hunters are brutally killed by a mysterious creature. Trapped inside their tent, the couple is forced to help one of the injured hunters and together they plan their escape. Is there really something supernatural hidden in the forest?  Or is it just their imaginations running riot. Soon they must determine if the real threat is inside or outside their enclosure When an unsuspecting student inserts a blood drenched alientampon and mutates into a murdering monster, a group of students unite their forces in order to confront her with weapons and courage. Greta's dad Tom is moving the family cross-country in a dented station wagon, promising a California paradise to his kids. All that's missing is Mom. 'Zinzana' is a psychological thriller set in a prison. Our hero finds himself locked in a cell with no I.D and no memory of what happened the night before. But being unable to make bail is the least of his problems when he's forced to play a madman's twisted game in order to save his family's lives. People dressed up as dogs make weird things. Sira works in the night shift at the Morgen Brandt Museum and starts to feel a strange presence. Morgen Brandt, a German soprano, died many years ago in a fire at her home, where the museum is now placed. Sira is scared, she feels she is not alone. Friends since childhood, Eric, Dana and Frank have insatiable curiosity about the unknown driving them to experimentation in paranormal. This ultimately leads to an incident that so frightens and overwhelms them it causes a twelve-year rift in their relationship. Now after finding new evidence, the three reunite. It's time to finish their work and put an end to unanswered questions. A millionaire and his wife are shipwrecked after a yachting accident with their former servant, Manuel. Two men find themselves chained and trapped inside a room, which is being monitored through a video camera by a mysterious figure who tells that they will have to kill the other if they wish to escape. When a former CIA operative is kidnapped by a group of terrorists, his son learns there is no plan for his father to be saved--so he launches his own rescue operation. A small town martial arts teacher (Herb Johnson) clashes with a crazed former pro wrestler. When the ex grappler kills Johnson's wife, the peace loving martial arts expert is "pushed too far." Hoosier born Claude Akins stars as the Sheriff. A newly reunited young couple's drive through the Pacific Northwest turns into a nightmare as they are forced to face nature, unsavory locals, and a monstrous creature, known to the Native Americans as Oh-Mah. A desperate Madhu switches her photograph with that of a reporter who has to be killed, hoping that her family will get the insurance money. And, now, the assassin hired to murder the reporter is after her and will not rest until she is dead. The film dealt with the story of an Indian army officer guarding a picket alone in Kashmir, and his friendship with a Pakistani soldier. Two very different young men struggle to keep their grisly crimes a secret in a small town. An egocentric businessman awakens deep in the woods to find he has been abducted by a subversive group of bloodthirsty vampires disguised and living among us. He must not only escape their clutches, but save his beloved girlfriend before time, the truth, and his kidnappers catch up with him. Four fearless adventurers mount their vintage motorcycles and set off on a challenging ride through America's most beautiful landscapes A spineless photographer is swept up in a game of life or death after stumbling upon the dark deeds of a notorious big shot in this neo-noir thriller. A Pentecostal pastor, Lemuel Childs, and his believers handle venomous snakes to prove themselves before God. Lemuel's daughter, Mara holds a secret that threatens to tear the church apart: her romantic past with a nonbeliever, Augie. As Mara's wedding to a devoted follower looms, she must decide whether or not to trust the steely matriarch of their community, Hope, with her heart and life at stake. When economic Apocalypse strikes America, students at the elite Hopkins House Academy take matters into their own hands by launching an anarchist plot to halt the collapse and save the country. She was innocent, pure and unsuspecting. Now, Stephanie Milo (Krystal "Pixie" Adams) has been kidnapped and taken to a seedy hotel room by a junkie pimp (Joe Makowski). It is here that she discovers her destiny! Left for dead she must learn to survive the streets or face returning to a lifetime of service industry slavery. Natsumi Yukihira (Ryoko Shinohara) receives secret documents of an organization that controls the country from the shadows. Because of this, Natsumi's ex-husband, Kazuo Sato (Teruyuki Kagawa) pays a terrible price. Natsumi goes back to the Investigation #1 of Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department to take on the organization, but Natsumi becomes involved in a new case. She gets closer to the final enemy. There are worlds, there are humans and there are Others. But there is only one Time which is the border between worlds. What if time breaks down? Reminiscence based on true events and physics, telling the story of a couple that trying to experiment the unproved parallel time and black-hole theories. They traveled to a town called Cesme for their research. But what they will face is much beyond the human mind. Targeted will be examining one of the key issues of the day, gun control, and will take you on a fast-paced journey, following 22 year-old director Jesse Winton as he travels across the world, and goes back to the historical roots of the gun-control agenda, exposing it, and bringing out the dark truth behind gun control. Foreign film starring Sarath Kumar Upcoming Directed by S Ezhil, Music by D Imman.  A paedophile returns to his hometown after 12 years in prison and attempts to start a new life. This film is about the proliferation of student school shooter and bombers who kill their classmates and teachers in kamikaze attacks. Carved from a lifetime of experience that runs the gamut from incarceration to liberation, Dog Eat Dog is the story of three men who are all out of prison and now have the task of adapting themselves to civilian life. Sasanka (Subrata Nandy) grows depressed as his house and his career as a theater actor both crumble around him. When his cold-hearted, widowed sister-in-law Saraju (Aloknanda Dutt) arrives with her adorable young son Kanu (Aniket Sengupta), Sasanka's mood eventually changes. Kanu and Sasanka become fast friends as the youngster benefits from his uncle's wisdom and acting ability. "GAME" is about Abhimanyu (JEET), an army man and a secret DIA agent, who returns to Kolkata on vacation. He has a loving family who wish to get him married to Trisha (Subhashree) a girl With the impending ice age almost upon them, a mismatched trio of prehistoric critters - Manny the woolly mammoth, Diego the saber-toothed tiger and Sid the giant sloth - find an orphaned infant and decide to return it to its human parents. Along the way, the unlikely allies become friends but, when enemies attack, their quest takes on far nobler aims. When a systems engineer blows the whistle on a dangerous technology, Charlie's Angels from across the globe are called into action, putting their lives on the line to protect society. Caroline, a woman in her late thirties, has lost everything and is searching for a new beginning. She moves into an old apartment and starts to realize that she is not as alone as she thought she was. Just as she is searching for something new, something old is searching for her. Peter "The Doll Maker" Harris returns to his ancestral family home after being released from the state's hospital for the criminally insane - a "cured" man. Once inside the old house, anguished memories from a tortured childhood and ghostly visitations from his past victims shake Peter's resolve. It isn't until lovely young Ashley enters his life that Peter makes a fateful decision, a decision that will rekindle old desires that always ended in murder.  Jimmy is a product of a complicated family curse. A strange young man who never knew the identity of his parents, he lacks education, self-awareness & self-esteem. Mentally challenged and unable to speak intelligible language, he has been a puppet for 40 years for his grandmother, "Granny," kidnapping and torturing young girls. When he captures Sara, a young girl who comes from a loving family, she exposes Granny's mindful, wicked spirits with the teachings of the Bible. Testing her faith and her mother's teaching, Sara will be fully tested when she finds herself captured with no way out. Set over the course of one summer weekend, a bat-wielding, masked killer in a rusted-out black Cadillac weaves in and out of three interlocking stories awash in sex, drugs, punk rock, black magic, and broken homes. A young father takes his nine year old son, the family dog, and two of his son's friends backpacking in the mountains of Colorado only for all five of them to be struck by lightning. In 1957, murders occurred upon the infamous, 'Island of the Dolls', in Mexico. A modern-day British journalist, Emily, deceitfully takes an assignment in London to research and uncover the truth of the unspoken event. With the assistance of her photographer friend and several Mexican locals, they travel to the mysterious island, and soon discover the danger of which awaits them. Despite some spooky, sometimes threatening incidences, Emily is determined to crack the case. Will she accept the truth, before she too remains a doll. A trusted driver must deal with his dead boss's Muslim mistress, her dark past pulling him into a life-and-death showdown with her notorious gangster cousin/ex-husband. An intelligent 15-year-old high school student is unexpectedly transferred to a boarding school where he opens a portal of monsters from another dimension. As their big day approaches Cate and Cody should be celebrating, they've got their family with them, they've rented an island for the big day, but unbeknownst to them their wedding falls on the day when a 100 year old curse comes to fruition. Instead of celebrating they find themselves fighting for their lives as a coven of witches rise for revenge. Based on an actual incident at the University of Virginia Medical Center, this made-for-TV drama (also known as "Switched At Birth") tells the story of Sarah and Linda, two mothers who give birth on the same day in the same hospital. 18 months after the two women had contentedly gone home with the babies, a DNA test proves the infants were switched at birth by the hospital...  John Wick is forced out of retirement by a former associate looking to seize control of a shadowy international assassins' guild. Bound by a blood oath to aid him, Wick travels to Rome and does battle against some of the world's most dangerous killers. Argentina, December 2001. Victor Aranda is the accountant of a financier. His ex-wife is chasing him for an increase in his monthly support fee. His current partner doesn't see any future in their relationship and is willing to abandon him for a scholarship that was granted in Paris. He doesn't see any way to escape his fate, until the owner of the financier tells him that he will make a big scam and he will run away with all the money. A team of workers at a petroleum plant dies while on holiday when their bus falls into a ravine. A police office discovers that the deaths were not an accident but pre-planned murder. Why did those people die and who plotted their murder? Four retired mobsters plan one last crime to save their retirement home. A cinephile tries to protect his family by hiding a heat-of-the-moment murder committed by his daughter by taking cues from the films he has watched. With the victim the son of a cop, can he get away with it? Without warning a father comes to visit his daughter abroad. He believes that she lost her humor and therefore surprises her with a rampage of jokes. A political thriller steeped in illegal oil trading, the Russian Mafia, and governmental cover-ups. A 2015 Kannada mystery-thriller movie. Tuuli grows up in an oppressively religious and abusive family in Finland. To escape from the shadow of her angelic twin sister she travels to Melbourne, Australia. Curious of sexuality, she becomes a nude model for art classes. Her innocent surface reveals sordid cracks as she sets about exerting her twisted version of righteousness. In a politically divided America, a man struggles to make it through the Thanksgiving holiday without destroying his family. While watching two children on Halloween night, a babysitter finds an old VHS tape in the kids' trick or treat bag. The tape features three tales of terror, all linked together by a murderous clown. As the night goes on strange things begin to occur in the house. It isn't long before the babysitter learns the horrifying truth... the maniacal clown is slowly working his way into her reality. Indian Kannada romantic film. Five paranormal investigators venture into the infamous Farhope Tower, known for its dark history of unexplained suicides, with dreams of landing a Reality TV deal. But they get more than they bargained for when they enter the strangely ever-changing layout, lair of the most powerful spirits they've ever faced. For once inside the derelict structure an omnipresent evil begins manipulating the team, and the higher they climb the more everything spirals out of control. For heaven's sake, don't go up! From the filmmakers behind 88 and DEAD BEFORE DAWN 3D comes a classy chiller to leave you super-creeped out. A scientist blames the head of a large company for an ecological disaster in South America. But when a volcano begins to show signs of erupting, they must unite to avoid a disaster. Anna Fritz is a beautiful and famous actress. Suddenly her body is found in a hotel and the news of her death goes around the planet. The young, shy caretaker Pau works at the hospital where they carried the body of Anna Fritz. He and his friends  decide to take pictures of the body of Anna Fritz.  They decide they could make love to her and nobody would know. They are in front of Anna Fritz ... and can do with it what  they want. A homicide detective teams up with a criminal profiler to catch a serial killer whose crimes are inspired by the children's game, Hangman. An ex-SAS recluse, living in the mountains of France to escape a traumatic past, is hunted down by those who's lives he has destroyed. Asterix and Obelix have to win the Olympic Games in order to help their friend Alafolix marry Princess Irina (portrayed by supermodel Vanessa Hessler). Brutus (Benoit Poelvoorde) uses every trick in the book to have his own team win the game, and get rid of his father Julius Caesar (Alain Delon) in the process. The Dwarves, Bilbo and Gandalf have successfully escaped the Misty Mountains, and Bilbo has gained the One Ring. They all continue their journey to get their gold back from the Dragon, Smaug. A freedom fighter betrayed by his best friend is reborn along with him in the modern era and is guided by a magical book that also hints this might not be his second birth. When recovering alcoholic Joe McNeal's nephew is abducted, his personal investigation leads him to powerhouse undercover African American Detective Marcus Knight. Together, they take on LA's seedy underbelly of child sex trafficking. Three small-time criminals take up an offer to rob one of the biggest jewellery shops in the city. Will they be successful in their attempt, given that the store's owner, a ruthless man, is aware of the plan? Gamers enter virtual reality video game contest for money only to realize things are not the way they seem. Having suffered with psychosis for twenty years, Eddie is on advanced trials for a new drug called Ceresia. Near FDA approval, his progress breaks down as a new romance begins to invoke memories of his mother's fatal accident. A bunch of really cool stuff happens, just watch it. Trust me. Christine Summers has been working in an NGO in Nepal for the past four years. Her boss assigns her to do a last mission in Ruku to collect information of the life outside of the cities, before she leaves for the United States. Leaving for the mission with her crew and her guide; they take shelter in a small village called Zhigrana; an area known for a killer on the loose who sacrifices humans in the name of Kaal Panchami, a mythical ghost. When they start to turn against each other regarding a death of a friend and with no one to trust: it is now up to Christine to figure out who the killer is. Is it the ghost of Kaal Panchami or is the truth even stranger than that? Short by James Benning.  This action thriller narrates the tale of Gunpowder (RMD) and Timipre (Olu Jacobs), two natives of Oloibiri, the town where oil was first discovered in commercial quantity in Nigeria.  Gunpowder engages in violent struggle in protest to the squalid living conditions in his community despite their oil wealth; accusing Timipre's generation of doing nothing whilst their land was exploited and plundered. (Amarachukwu Iwuala)  A REYKJAVIK PORNO is a Nordic-noir, Icelandic-Scottish feature. A curious student, disturbed by his encounters with online pornography, sets out on an ill-conceived search for revenge in the icy darkness of Iceland's capital. Three days in the permanent winter darkness of Reykjavik, the freezing city provides a backdrop for a story of revenge. Ingvar, a country-boy living in the capital to study, lodges with an alcoholic landlady, Laufey. Her love for Ingvar is obsessive and hopeless; she is trapped by her drinking and her agoraphobia. Ingvar should be happy with the joyful sex with his exuberant girlfriend, Ada, but he becomes transfixed by the deceit and dirty secrets of a new "parent-porn" website. His obsession pulls him tragically into the dark underbelly of the winter city. An auto driver becomes the prime suspect in a series of murders and has to race against time to save his loved ones and clear his name. A family is forced to live in silence while hiding from creatures that hunt by sound. Years after his release from jail, Sam Parsons is trying to build his life with his wife Courtney and their young daughter Harper. He works hard to provide for his family and afford their beautiful home in their quiet suburban neighborhood. When supernatural occurrences start to happen in the house, Sam fears for the safety of his wife and daughter. When the occurrences turn into attacks, Sam hires Corbin Carlysle and his reality TV show ghost hunting team known as "The Ghost Killers", to help him battle the dark entity that's lurking in the shadows of his home. As things start to escalate and it becomes clear that this entity is much more dangerous than your typical ghost, complications arise when Corbin and his team are more focused on fame and fortune. To win this fight Sam must battle his own inner demons and revert back to his violent past. In order to save the ones he loves a Demon must face a Demon. When a law student uncovers chilling secrets and places her life at risk, a bitter, rough-around-the-edges detective gets assigned to her case. In a remote mountain town, Brandon, a haunted young drifter, falls in love with a mysterious funeral director who is guarding a dark secret that threatens everyone she encounters - and who also may hold the key to Brandon's disturbing past. A newlywed couple finds their lake-country honeymoon descend into chaos after Paul finds his wife wandering and disoriented in the middle of the night. A fable of five vastly separate inner-city lives who struggle against their limitations in an interlocking tale assembled by a dark orchestrator. Noir thriller about a criminal seeking redemption by tracking down the daughter of the woman he killed. Along the way he is haunted by his guilt in the guise of the woman's ghost. Viktor Navorski is a man without a country; his plane took off just as a coup d'etat exploded in his homeland, leaving it in shambles, and now he's stranded at Kennedy Airport, where he's holding a passport that nobody recognizes. While quarantined in the transit lounge until authorities can figure out what to do with him, Viktor simply goes on living - and courts romance with a beautiful flight attendant. Recent college graduates joyride in a stolen cop car only to uncover a secret that will doom mankind. UFO sightings are reported in northeastern Guatemala. Rober Daneri a frustrated college professor along with the production team of a sensationalist TV show embark on a supernatural journey across the thin boundary between blind faith, self-delusion and the unknown in search of truth. FOGG was inspired, in retrospect, by Marie Menken's BAGATELLE FOR WILLARD MAAS. Hudson Milbank is a successful Hollywood screenwriter who suddenly and strangely finds himself without any emotional feelings. He tries doctor after doctor and shrink after shrink, but nothing works. The Golf Channel, lesbian exercise classes and a dizzying variety of pills get him through the day, but don't quite solve his problem. His writing partner tries everything to get him back to normal, but it's not until Hudson meets Sara that he finds a real motivation to get better and to actually start feeling again. From the writer of Deuce Bigalow, comes NUMB, a romantic comedy following an unusual man looking for strange love. A twist on the classic game of Mafia. 12 competitors take part in a game of life and death where the innocent must take out the Mafia in order to win the cash prize. Those that are voted out must face their biggest fears in a computer simulation. Charlie is a fireman who always does everything wrong. A man talks the Fire Chief into ignoring his burning home (he wants the insurance money) unaware that his daughter (the love of the Chief) is upstairs in the house. When the house next door catches fire its owner rouses Charlie who rouses the force. Plagued by the abuse of her past and the turmoil of failed intimate encounters, Laura struggles to find a lover and a sense of normalcy. Her beacon of hope comes in sixteen year-old Eva, a talented pianist disillusioned by the life her mother imposes upon her. An unlikely relationship is formed between the two and Eva becomes an obsession to Laura. In light of Eva's unhappiness, Laura convinces her to runaway to her house and they soon find themselves caught within an intense entanglement. Manipulation, denial and codependency fuel what ultimately becomes a fractured dynamic that can only sustain itself for so long. Bob the Tomato tells the tale of Nicholas. Jack Brookfield, a gambler with clairvoyant and hypnotic powers, is able to win at cards through his unique gift. But when he inadvertently hypnotizes young Clay Thorne, Thorne kills an enemy of Brookfield's while under a trance. No one believes Brookfield's protestations that Thorne is innocent of any murderous intent, so Brookfield teams up with retired lawyer Martin Prentice in hopes of saving the young man from the gallows. Christmas Eve. On his way to his in-laws with his family, Frank Harrington decides to try a shortcut, for the first time in 20 years. It turns out to be the biggest mistake of his life. Believing they have left behind shadowy figures from their past, newlyweds Christian and Ana fully embrace an inextricable connection and shared life of luxury. But just as she steps into her role as Mrs. Grey and he relaxes into an unfamiliar stability, new threats could jeopardize their happy ending before it even begins. Two complete strangers, ANNA and STEPHEN, are brought together by chance by an elderly man who waits for his wife on a station platform. Their fateful meeting acts as a catalyst for them to examine and challenge what's going on in their different relationships, and make hard but positive decisions for themselves. If they can change their lives maybe they can meet again. Follows one man's potential descent into mind-numbing madness from a low humming noise. George is a man who seemingly has it all, including a loving wife, a large home and a solid career, but these societal status symbols fail to bring him happiness. Is the hum real? Chris is lonely, marginally employed, unhappy, and bored, lost in the urban decay of Atlanta, GA. Some might call him a loser, others might describe him as a ticking time bomb. Then he meets a neighbor, Jeff, his exact opposite. Handsome, cool, confident, and strong, Chris begins following Jeff, and as casual interest becomes dangerous obsession, Chris finds himself stumbling across a series of brutal, inhuman murders committed in his neighborhood. A famous and successful TV prankster finds himself the victim of the ultimate prank when he is set up for a murder he did not commit. A party turns bizarre when a malevolent book makes its way into the hands of the attendees who reveal its tales of monsters, madmen and the supernatural. Valerie Graves, a misanthropic, disillusioned woman in her mid-twenties, is haunted by sadistic urges that she has struggled to repress since childhood. A mother and her two daughters fight to protect their home. H.P. Lovecraft anthology is divided into four segments: "The Library" which is the wraparound segment involving Lovecraft's research into the Book of The Dead and his unwitting release of a monster and his writing of the following horror segments "The Drowned", "The Cold", and "Whispers". Flat 211 is Latest Bollywood Crime Mystery Thriller Film directed By Sunil Sanjan,The star cast of the Film Jayesh Raj, Samonica Shrivastava, Digvijay Singh Foundling Beaky Buzzard is adopted by a couple of polite, English sparrows, named Monte and Gwendlyn. When Monte tries to teach lame-brained Beaky to catch a chicken, Beaky's ineptitude results in Monte being repeatedly struck with a mallet and caught in a grenade explosion. After the FBI receives a threat that endangers the entire city, an interrogator and an I.T. specialist are plunged into a series of mind games with a criminal mastermind, desperately racing against time to uncover the villain's true agenda as they fight to protect thousands of lives. Small provincial town at the end of the 19th century. Barber Hakob is a passionate pigeon-admirer with them finding his peace of mind and filling the dullness of provincial life with poetry. Soon he is forced to choose his pigeon loft or his daughter's happiness. A young woman uses geotagged pictures to help rescue her kidnapped brother. A pair of married white-collar swindlers run afoul of their latest victims. A group visits Saipan to search for locations for their company's newest resort. As they find what they think is the perfect spot, they discover a hidden bunker on the property which they decide to explore. However, they soon find out that curiosity can kill. As each member faces their most private secrets and the secrets of the bunker itself, the results lead to a most shocking conclusion. Fusing documentary-realism with magic-realism, and true and fictionalised stories  with poetry and dreams, Ghode Ko Jalebi Khilane Le Ja Riya Hoon is a love letter  to the syncretic culture of Old Delhi, to its history which is slowly losing itself amid  concrete and smog Jason, an American lawyer, poses as a john to build a legal case against a pimp trafficking girls to Bangkok. Can he win the trust of a young prostitute known only as Number 18 and convince her to risk her life to testify against her pimp? It is a reincarnation story about the love between Leela and her lover, which is left incomplete because one of them has been murdered. The story comes to circle after 300 long years; when Leela has taken birth as Meera and her lover's character is also reborn. Thomas leads his group of escaped Gladers on their final and most dangerous mission yet. To save their friends, they must break into the legendary Last City, a WCKD-controlled labyrinth that may turn out to be the deadliest maze of all. Anyone who makes it out alive will get answers to the questions the Gladers have been asking since they first arrived in the maze. Alpha Male Smith and his Beta, Keith, move to take over a local community. They hook up with restless Female, Denise, igniting a deadly feud in which emotions run high and deep-seated grudges resurface amongst the tribe. Are we not men? Or are we simply beasts? Steve Oram, the actor/writer from SIGHTSEERS and KILL LIST stars in his long-awaited debut feature with a host of his friends. Get ready for the most unusual celluloid primal scream - an anarchic, hilarious, disturbing and touching look at the human condition. THEMROC meets PINK FLAMINGOS in the Cult Movie of the Year. Jason wants to be taken more seriously as an actor, so he asks his friend Kevin Smith for advice, and decides to become a method actor. Trouble is, being a method actor drives him mad and he slowly becomes a serial killer. After their regular babysitter cancels, the Thompson family turns to her friend, Anna to supervise their children while the parents go out to celebrate their anniversary. At first Anna seems like a dream come true to the kids, allowing them to eat extra cookies and play with things that are usually off-limits, but as her behaviour becomes increasingly odd, the kids soon find out that her intentions are dark and twisted--and she is not who she seems to be. Day Night Game Malayalam Movie is Director : Shibu Prabhakar ,Producer: : Shyju NP, Starring :Jithan Ramesh, Maqbool Salmaan, Archana Kavi, Bhagath Manuel, Shobha Mohan, Mamukkoya, Sudheesh, Shivaji Guruvayoor, Anil Dhuniya, Anil Murali, Sreejith.  In a reality TV show created by the U.S. government about spies, audiences go on fake undercover missions, but fact cannot be easily distinguished from fiction. A teenager in an English town struggles to come of age, braving sexual awakening and fighting her controlling parents by refusing to eat...until a nightmarish ghost appears that may be real, or may be a deadly creation of her starving body. Alfalfa and the gang decide to turn to a life of crime, but Spanky tries to trick them with a fake burglary. A desperate attraction. A beautiful homicide cop goes undercover in the steamy world of modeling to catch a serial killer and becomes enmeshed in a torrid affair with the prime suspect in this erotic thriller starring Lee Anne Beaman and Doug Jeffrey. The satellite has vanished and the only clue is a trail leading to a small village nestled on the outskirts of forest line. As the team begins to investigate they quickly discover that something else came back from space, something not of this world. As their time runs out, the team must battle to unlock the terrifying truth behind the ill-fated mission. An ailing attorney, a relentless bail bondsman and a ruthless cowboy cross paths in the most dire of circumstances. Brian Barnes (Johnny Messner) wakes up in the desert wounded and with no memory and no idea why he's surrounded by eight bodies, a van with four million in cash and a van full of cocaine. Brian is pursued by not only notorious drug lord Danny Perez (Danny Trejo) who desperately want his money back, and DEA Agent Rooker (Dolph Lundgren), but also a by the corrupt Sheriff Olson (Michael Pare) who will stop at nothing to get his hand on the new found fortune. On the run, Brian discovers the more he remembers the less he wants to know about who he really is. Charlie Croker pulled off the crime of a lifetime. The one thing that he didn't plan on was being double-crossed. Along with a drop-dead gorgeous safecracker, Croker and his team take off to re-steal the loot and end up in a pulse-pounding, pedal-to-the-metal chase that careens up, down, above and below the streets of Los Angeles. A repo man tries to deliver a repossessed Jaguar. He's captured by a bizarre family, straight out of the backwoods, who force him to fight in an illegal, bare-fist tournament run by an insane sheriff. Balu is an engineer, who is out of a job and returns home to attend his sister's wedding. His life takes an unexpected turn when he helps a friend caught in some illegal activities A couple spend eternity in a castle until their reality starts to shift. In the late '60s, the self-proclaimed belles of the rock 'n' roll ball, rocked the worlds of every music legend whose pants they could take off -- and they have the pictures to prove it. But it's been more than two decades since the Banger Sisters earned their nickname -- or even laid eyes on each other. Their reunion is the collision of two women's worlds; one who's living in the past, and one who's hiding from it. Together they learn to live in the moment. Since 2012 reports of strange sounds coming from the sky have flooded social media, now Adam, a recluse, struggling with his own demons, believes whatever is causing them has followed him home. A thriller centered on a widower who moves into a seemingly perfect new home with his daughter and new wife. A film producer who was adopted as a baby and sent to America, returns to her native Russia and the family farm. Once there, strange things begin to happen including the disappearance of her guide, the manifestation of ghosts (including her own!) and the appearance of another man who has been drawn to the farm for the same reasons. Port City North Carolina: During a routine camp out, a local vagrant discovers plans for an invasion in America. When he tries to notify the local Sheriff about his discovery, the Sheriff dismisses his claims and has him locked up for loitering. When the Sheriff notices odd interactions with other towns folk he begins to look into the vagrants' claim of a sleeper cell living amongst the locals within this small town. After evidence of a beheading is exposed, others begin to fear that the insurgents attack on hometown USA. Questions and tempers begin to rise. Why this little beach community with it's Norman Rockwell way of life? A town where everyone knows one another... or so they thought. When the truth is blind and justice seems lost, It will take an army of five unlikely heroes banding together to infiltrate the insurgents and foil their invasion plans. War is Hell and Hell comes home at the Check Point. Ustaz Adam has to help a friend whose village is corrupted by a group of misguided religionists lead by a sinister sorcerer. To make matter worse, Adam himself is also being mysteriously haunted by evil apparitions that keeps disturbing him from time to time. Rachel wakes up to discover she is trapped on an island and must survive while being hunted by the madman Zaroff, a Russian game hunter. The reinvigorated elderly group that left Earth comes back to visit their relatives. Will they all decide to go back to the planet where no one grows old, or will they be tempted to remain on Earth? Brian and Charlie work for a gangster. When the boss learns they want to "leave" he sets them up to be killed, after they help rob the local Triads of their drug dealing profits. B&amp;C decide to steal the money for themselves, but when their escape doesn't go to plan, they have to seek refuge in a Nuns' teacher training school. A collection of gut-twisting and nerve-shredding tales, all Frankstein'd together to form a feature-length monster of the best and bloodiest in short-film horror. ADRISHYA is an Emotional thriller which explores the intricacies of a child - Parent believe in knowing each other. A never seen Child anxiety and its evil effect that will make you emotional and cry. Twist and turns in the movie will hold your breath by a high degree of Adventure and Suspense. Debutant Director Sandeepp Chatterjee says, I was fascinated by the idea of exploring Biggest Disadvantage of a Nuclear Family. Reverend John Burnside, American missionary in the Far East, prepares to return home after twenty years to take up the fight against Communism. The Reds imprison him and send in his place a spy who is his double, but who is instructed to come out for Communism. The spy is accepted in Burnside's home town, and he reports to local Communist headquarters, where James John, prominent local businessman but in reality a Red agent, has instructions to assist him in all details of his mission. He does a series of personal appearances and radio interviews and talk shows, using an anti-Communist approach. Set in the near future where Rhett Murphy and his estranged sister Jean are forced to flee from a militant police state after witnessing the dark secrets of a nefarious corporation. When two brothers are stranded by a brutal winter storm with an unpredictable father they barely know, the boys begin to suspect their supposed protector may be their biggest threat. Apoorva Sagodharargal is about Sethupathy, an honest and upright police officer. The story of the ascension to the throne and the early reign of Queen Elizabeth the First, the endless attempts by her council to marry her off, the Catholic hatred of her and her romance with Lord Robert Dudley.  Jennifer Hills is still tormented by the brutal sexual assault she endured years ago. She's changed identities and cities, reluctantly joining a support group where she begins to piece together a new life. But when her new friend's murderer goes free and the tales of serial rapists haunt her, Jennifer will hunt down the men responsible and do what the system won't - make them pay for their crimes in the most horrific ways imaginable. Only this time, no jury may be able to save her. When Sarah walks alone along the desolate beach one day she find an unconscious man, who has been brought to land by the waves. When he awakens he doesn't remember anything. He has no name and no past. His dependence lies on Sarah. A role that makes her forget her loneliness and she decides to therefore lie about their situation... She says that they are situated on an island, where no one can reach them. From now, his life lies in her hands. Christmas Eve. On his way to his in-laws with his family, Frank Harrington decides to try a shortcut, for the first time in 20 years. It turns out to be the biggest mistake of his life. The story of a young friends who met on the Internet and a fun way to bet on a complex and daunting fall. The path to a new understanding of life and society for Each of them. A war-hardened Crusader and his Moorish commander mount an audacious revolt against the corrupt English crown. A photographer's life becomes dangerous when one of his models is murdered.  Mill Valley, Pennsylvania, Halloween night, 1968. After playing a joke on a school bully, Sarah and her friends decide to sneak into a supposedly haunted house that once belonged to the powerful Bellows family, unleashing dark forces that they will be unable to control. A modern day take on silent films blended with horror. A freak tsunami traps shoppers at a coastal Australian supermarket inside the building ... along with a 12-foot great white shark. 'Manhunt' is a dark, surrealistic revenge fantasy of animals on humans for the mess they have made.  The core idea for this short film is to switch the roles of humans and animals, hunters hunted, to show how the world could be like from the animals' perspectives, and to put us humans in their shoes. A cop is suspended from the force when he gets too personally involved in solving the murder of a womanizing L.A. songwriter. An ambitious lobbyist faces off against the powerful gun lobby in an attempt to pass gun control legislation. A secret organisation offers wealthy people a second chance at life. The customer picks out someone they want to be and the organisation surgically alters the customer to look like the intended person, stages the customer's death, gets rid of the intended person and the customer takes on a new life.  Four aspiring film technicians decide to steal from the producer who rejected their script to fund their movie. Meanwhile, the producer's paramour -- a former actress -- also plans to loot him with the help of her boyfriend. Who succeeds in the end? Aided by an ex-military officer, a young woman becomes an unwitting fugitive after discovering that her son's catatonic state may be at the heart of a global conspiracy. In turn-of-the-century New York, an Italian seeks vengeance on the mobsters who killed his father. When Hannah's parents took her to a new school, they said it was to give her a new start. However, Hannah is 11, autistic, and due to her condition, unable to speak. She had a twin called Angel, but when Angel died, Hannah was forbidden to grieve by her abusive parents and punished when she sought comfort from her sister's things. Now Hannah lives locked inside a silent life of despair, which she fears will soon end at the hands of her parents. However, when a knife keeps appearing under her pillow, and a voice that she thinks is inside her head won't leave her alone, Hannah begins to realise that just maybe, she may have an ally not of this world, but fear paralyses her. Could it be Angel, who from the 'other side' has come to seek justice for all the abuse she has suffered? Can Hannah overcome her fear enough to let her in? Sophia, a new high school student, tries to make friends with Barbara, who tells her that "she kills giants," protecting this way her hometown and its inhabitants, who do not understand her strange behavior. The Chosen follows the story of two teenage boys determined to remain friends despite the deep differences between their two families. Set in New York during the 1940s, this provocative film follows the son of an orthodox rabbi and the son of a secular father, raised to question everything around him, including his religion. A moving coming of age story. Susan Morrow receives a book manuscript from her ex-husband - a man she left 20 years earlier - asking for her opinion of his writing. As she reads, she is drawn into the fictional life of Tony Hastings, a mathematics professor whose family vacation turns violent. Mexican gunfighter Dave Robles outdraws the town's outlaw-turned-sheriff and is invited to fill the dead man's shoes. But a tin star doesn't bring automatic respectability and Robles is shunned by the town's leading citizens. His popularity with its less-savory element, particularly saloonkeeper Bannister, wanes dramatically, too, as he starts to take his job seriously. It is his love for a decent, caring woman that keeps Dave in town, but can she convince him to lay down his gun and start a new life? The story of Dave, a self-proclaimed king. Told in a single breath in one sequence shot. After her father, Golden Rings, is killed by the Deadly Blade, the Moon Goddess sends out invitations to all the top fighters in the region to try and lure out the Deadly Blade and force him to kill his own son. However, things do not go according to plan. The story revolves around three soldiers -- Colee, T.K. and Cheaver -- who return from the Iraq War after suffering injuries and learn that life has moved on without them. They end up on an unexpected road trip across the U.S. After a mysterious malfunction sends their small plane climbing out of control, a rookie pilot and her four teenage friends find themselves trapped in a deadly showdown with a supernatural force. A boy who gets frustrated in love meets another boy who loses all of his memories and they find some ways to start a new life together. Umesh, a loafer, leaves his home town and goes to Chennai to become a film-maker when his father asks him to manage their grocery store. A selfie that he takes in Chennai changes his life forever. The story follows a team of highly trained operatives who find themselves trapped inside an isolated military compound. Shoot the Messenger  follows one man's painful journey towards self-discovery. On the way he finds both his own attitudes and the expectations of his community challenged. An elite group of American operatives, aided by a top-secret tactical command team, must transport an asset who holds life-threatening information to an extraction point 22 miles away through the hostile streets of an Asian city. Agent Coulson stops at a convenience store and deals with a coincidental robbery during his visit. The Sibony family is celebrating Christmas' Eve. This year, Juliette, the eldest daughter, has an announcement to make - an announcement which is supposed to thrill her family. Except for one detail... When a man loses his memory after a bank heist goes wrong, he attempts to piece together the missing 10 minutes from his memory to determine who sabotaged him. A young woman wakes up alone in a motel room. Her boyfriend has ditched her, leaving her with a few dollars, a toothbrush, racing leathers, and a supermoto motorcycle. She's just learned that she's pregnant. Thus begins the wild and strange adventure of Ruby Pink, queen badass and heroine of SUPERMOTO. Based on the true events revolving around Beaver Island, Michigan, and King James Strang Julia, an online vlogger from Germany, comes to the US to visit her cousin Hannah. Upon her arrival, Julia falls fatefully ill, prompting Hannah's suspicion of the strange and sudden illness. When unusual happenings start taking place in her home, Hannah begins a relentless internet search to discover the cause. She comes across Julia's vlog entries and finds herself immersed deep in the web - too deep - in a place where terror knows no end. A woman finds herself stuck in a basement car park with an unhinged security guard. When Sonia receives the news that her husband's cancer has progressed to a critical stage, she races to secure the insurance company's approval for the care that can help him. Met with indifference and negligence at every turn, Sonia's desperation triggers a primal survival instinct as a series of increasingly violent confrontations unfold. A sharp, urgent tale of a distraught woman intent on protecting her family at all costs, Rodrigo Pla's latest film is an engrossing combination of thriller, drama and timely socio-political commentary. . Bugs of all kinds convene on a jazz club for an evening of fun in this Silly Symphony. A man brings objects to life in a struggle to recreate the lost memory of his mother's last day. Francis, a forty year old engineer, after a mysterious disgrace he retired to live in a village on Lake Iseo. With still little daughter occupies the former family villa, a magnificent Art Nouveau building on the lake shore. In the big house there is, however, another mysterious person, of which only perceives the echo of the respirator that keeps her alive. But other presences no less disturbing, and certainly more dangerous, they move around the villa.  What happened to the man and his family? What secrets hide? Marta will know, childhood friend always in love with him, awaken Francis from the torpor in which he has fallen, and free him from the pain? And most importantly, how many succeed they gravitate around the house to escape the danger that threatens their lives?  Breaths tells how the pain can profoundly transform a man crushed by memories, guilt, fears. He also wants to show the extent to which an individual is able to accept the existence paths without being a victim. Workaholic Jim Evers and his wife/business partner, Sara get a call one night from mansion owner, Edward Gracey wants to sell his house. Once the Evers family arrive at the mansion a butler takes them to dine with Gracey. Gracey takes one look at Sara and he thinks she's his lost lover. Naomi Watts stars as Susan, a single mother of two, working as a waitress in a small town. Her son, Henry, is an 11-year-old genius who not only manages the family finances but acts as emotional support for his mother and younger brother. When Henry discovers that the girl next door has a terrible secret, he implores Susan to take matters into her own hands in this imaginative and emotional drama. Officer Chris McCullers was gravely injured in a shootout and now works on 911-dispatch. Resentful that her career has ended up here, Chris receives a call from a scared kid and dismisses it as a prank. The next day, she learns that the call was all too real: there's been a murder. A gunshot suddenly breaks the silence of the school hallways. A desperate history teacher holds her whole class hostage. But very soon the situation will change, and the teacher herself will become a hostage. After the first manned mission to Mars ends in a deadly crash, mission controller Mackenzie 'Mack' Wilson assists an artificial intelligence system, A.R.T.I. Their investigation uncovers a mysterious object under the surface of Mars that could change the future of our planet as we know it. Led by a video jockey who's trying to hack the brain, the director of this film wanders into the labyrinth of a metaphysical discussion regarding the limits of experimentation and videoreality as the future of the human species. Whilst on their way to a concert four friends get sidetracked and stranded in a seemingly abandoned town and whilst looking for help find themselves stalked and terrorised by a gang of violent clown dressed psychopaths who will stop at nothing ensnaring them into their sinister blood thirsty games. The daughter of a billionaire tech mogul questions her own memories about her mothers death after being kidnapped by a stranger. A single mom tries to break free from a mysterious organization that has abducted her. A coven of young women with incredible powers and difficult pasts discovers that they are able to make their every wish come true. Things, however, take a dangerous turn when they discover that their newly-found abilities come with a price and that they may not be as in control as they think. A fatal plane crash changes the lives of Roman and Jake forever. Roman loses his wife and daughter in the accident, while Jake loses his mind--as he happens to be the air traffic controller who failed to avert the nightmare. Rage and revenge engulfs Roman and Jake finds himself swamped with guilt and regret. Breast cancer has become the poster child of corporate cause-related marketing campaigns. Countless women and men walk, bike, climb and shop for the cure. Each year, millions of dollars are raised in the name of breast cancer, but where does this money go and what does it actually achieve? Pink Ribbons, Inc. is a feature documentary that shows how the devastating reality of breast cancer, which marketing experts have labeled a "dream cause," becomes obfuscated by a shiny, pink story of success. After failing to discover supernatural beings and spirits in famous haunted locations that are known for their local horror stories, a group of paranormal researchers gives up on the existence of such spiritual beings, until they discover an abandoned police station in Gombak. ari Syah (AARON AZIZ) and Nurizza (NUR FAZURA) are a married couple living in urban Kuala Lumpur. On the surface, they are an item and in their careers, unshakable by any outside forces... but unknown to everyone, there lies an emptiness in their relationship that is only filled by their 6-year-old child, Nurzara. Conflicts arise when their daughter is kidnapped, thrusting the couple to confront their issues and secrets head on. Can they save her and keep their family together psychologically and physically? Directed by AHMAD IDHAM AHMAD NADZRI; also starring MIA SARA, KHIR RAHMAN, EIZLAN YUSOF and LUNA MAYA. Whether you're a fan of Sydney's iconic genre film festival A Night of Horror, or just a fan of the best and bloodiest in new horror cinema, you can't afford to miss this fright-filled anthology. Zombies, demonic entities, self-surgery, cannibalism and more await in the dark corners of this terrifying offering from some of the most talented filmmakers working in the genre today. Marshal is a handsome successful career man who drives a luxury sports car, lives in the best part of the city, eats at the finest restaurants, drinks the rarest whiskies, collects the priciest art. . . and is a serial killer the media has dubbed the "Bostonian, " stalking Beantown for over two years. On his last outing Marshal made mistakes, one of which was leaving a witness to his crime. Det. Sean Burke, Marshal's best friend, mentions that police are closing in on the unknown killer, a piece of information that brings Marshal's fragile psyche crashing down and latent memories of his mother's verbal and sexual abuse flood his mind. Meanwhile a would-be lover figures out who Marshal really is and he goes on a warpath to secure all loose end A former US Federal Agent must abandon the witness protection program and come out of hiding when his London home is invaded in error due to a wrong address. When the event ends with multiple homicides, the news triggers those hunting him to send Europe's most dangerous assassin to kill him. Now on the run with his daughters life in jeopardy, a determined father must get her to safety before the people he's been hiding from tracks him down. A group of Americans travel to Siberia where a friend died stabbed. Soon, they will discover their hosts are involved in the occult. Marc-Andre is a well-ordered bank accountant. One day a naked young woman, Mirah, emerges from a sort of egg out of nowhere. She has time travelled straight from the Mesopotamian to warn Marc-Andre that he is in grave danger, from actions performed in his life in that era. Along with his neighbour and two agents specializing in paranormal phenomena, Marc-Andre and Mirah attempt to avert the danger to his life. A young girl is hunted by a ferocious demon who is the son of the devil, as a result of her mother's black magic that was left under the girl's bed. In 2009 three young men were killed in a remote part of Yellowstone National Park. Authorities never found the murderer. He found them! Hours after the trio were gunned down, Dwayne Nelson confessed to the crime. Despite this Nelson was allowed to go free because of an American Constitution loophole. Documentarian Julian T. Pinder travels to Yellowstone in a compelling chase for truth behind a crime that should have rocked the nation. How did a guilty man go free? In his hunt for answers Pinder risks his own life when he finds evidence that could re-open the case years later. A troubled man turns himself in, believing he's harmed others but is at war with himself over the facts surrounding his quest for clarity and a brush with supernatural phenomena. To bring down a global human trafficking ring, an Interpol agent recruits the help of a brutal criminal with inside knowledge of the yakuza.  A neon art collector seduces a lone drifter into killing her abusive husband. In a series of escalating encounters, former security guard David Dunn uses his supernatural abilities to track Kevin Wendell Crumb, a disturbed man who has twenty-four personalities. Meanwhile, the shadowy presence of Elijah Price emerges as an orchestrator who holds secrets critical to both men. Van Damme never did it. Seagal never did it. Jackie Chan never did it. What did they never do? Fight in a championship kickboxing bout, that's what! Now, Mass Destruction gives you the chance to witness everything they missed, as action film star Don "The Dragon" Wilson, 10-time World Kickboxing Champion, returns after a 7-year absence to challenge Dick "The Destroyer" Kimber in the greatest night in martial arts history. Sam, a freelance journalist, decides to investigate the growing phenomenon of disaffected youth joining extremist groups. He infiltrates a group of four young people who have been tasked with the creation of a jihadist cell and whose mission is to destabilise the city centre of Paris. Nick Forest, a college freshman, wants nothing more than to join a fraternity. However, in the wake of a brutal hazing death on campus, his estranged older brother, Pete, is rallying against the Greek system. Nick ignores Pete's protests and rushes Psi Theta Epsilon, notorious for its rumored hazing practices. As Nick begins the pledging process, he relishes the bonding and the partying, especially with Sophie, an irresistible sorority tease. When Nick's close friend, Mimi, struggles with her own sorority experience, and his fraternity's rumored hazing turns dangerously real, Nick begins to question everything. But is he in too deep? A modern retelling of the ancient Greek myth of Dionysus -- the god of wine, revelry, and ecstasy -- HAZE is a raw, shocking glimpse into a world of institutionalized savagery and into the heart of a young man driven by a desperate need for acceptance and brotherhood. When a mysterious young man arrives on a remote Sub-Antarctic research station, secrets threaten the relationship of a married couple working on the island. Manny, Joel and Jonah tear their way through childhood and push against the volatile love of their parents. As Manny and Joel grow into versions of their father and Ma dreams of escape, Jonah, the youngest, embraces an imagined world all his own. A contract killer takes vengeance against a ruthless drug cartel, resulting in a mysterious puzzle that a small town sheriff must solve in order to stop untold horrors. Set in the small town of Devil's Gate, North Dakota, the film examines the disappearance of a local woman and her young son. Schull plays an FBI agent who helps the local sheriff search for answers. Partnering with a deputy , they track down the missing woman's husband and find that nothing is as it seems. A psychological drama thriller based on infidelity.... The journey of idealistic Vitor, a young federal judge who decides to dismantle the mafia that dominates the border between Brazil and Paraguay. Inspired by true events. A mysterious hacker steals 10 trillion rupees from the central bank of his country. The end of the tourist season on the beautiful island of Nekros turns into a nightmare for tour rep Ellie after a series of gruesome murders. Realizing she can't trust anyone she begins to doubt her own sanity. Is she losing her mind or is she somehow involved in the bizarre world she now finds herself in? When Anna has a difficult time getting close to people, her sister creates a dating profile for her online. Anna starts to message a handsome man until she starts getting disturbing messages that a match is close by. A woman who after a long wait and many sacrifices ultimately finds doors opening  a new stage with  he man she loves, so she can finally say goodbye to her lover role and form the family she craves. Gorgeous Kate Dax (Diana Dors) and her crime-writer husband, Andrew (Patrick Holt), investigate the murder of eccentric spinster Miss Tulip (Cicely Courtneidge) at a remote country cottage. An American man awakes in a hospital just to learn about the zombie apocalypse. Detective Squad Chief Choi is set for a promotion. He has a party with his co-workers to celebrate, but, on the way home, a crime occurs and he accidentally commits murder. Because of his promotion, he decides to cover up the crime.  The next morning, TV news reveals a body is hanging from a crane at a construction site. Choi is shocked because the body hanging is the person he killed last night. He takes charge of the murder investigation. Julia, an aspiring artist, turns thirty and is alone and without projection; but when in full celebration he meets Matias, his life seems to change. That same summer Matias invites her to move into his house and they decide to bet on his growing love. However, the appearance of Rodrigo, Matias' best friend, will introduce Julia to a state of confusion between these two men. Matias, tired of losing, draws up a plan to end the suffering caused by the treachery of Julia and Rodrigo. As the devoutly single Don Johnston is dumped by his latest girlfriend, he receives an anonymous pink letter informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. An ordinary man's romantic trip to Argentina turns to horror when vicious drug dealers hold his girlfriend hostage and force him to do a job for them. When her son's alleged kidnapper is released for lack of solid evidence, a reputable and well-known attorney takes matters into her own hands with unintended and spectacularly disastrous consequences. The story of a romantic relationship between a Canadian soldier and a child set in the Netherlands near the end of WWII. Told in flashback from the present day, the child, now a man, is still seeking his lost soldier. A hitchhiking woman is abducted by a young couple and held captive for seven years, during which time she's tortured and forced to live as a slave to her captors. Introverted Juan, manager of a mannequin factory, lives alone with his eighteen-year-old gay son, Pablo. Whilst Pablo blithely studies dance, Juan is hoping that, after twenty-five years at the firm, his boss will consider him for a partnership. When Pablo is badly wounded in a brutal homophobic attack which sees him hospitalised, his father realises just how far they have become estranged. A lack of witnesses and expensive medical bills force Juan to leave the quiet stability of his life for good and reposition himself in a world where there is discrimination. Time and again his efforts come to nought, until one night on the streets of Santiago he makes up his own rules in order to save his son. A young German woman is searching for the man she loves in northern Russia. A Manic depressive artist survives a suicidal fall only to be possessed by a murdered gangster, who uses the artist to seek vengeance on those that ended his life. When a mysterious woman seduces Dom into the world of crime and a betrayal of those closest to him, the crew face trials that will test them as never before. A group of friends goes to an island for a short film project when they are attacked by a mysterious killer after playing a game of bloody crayons. A modern loft reveals its past when new tenants arrive as this former slaughterhouse exposes the evilness still existing within the walls. A newly-released prison gangster is forced by the leaders of his gang to orchestrate a major crime with a brutal rival gang on the streets of Southern California. When CIA operative Miles Kendig deliberately lets KGB agent Yaskov get away, his boss threatens to retire him. Kendig beats him to it, however, destroying his own records and traveling to Austria where he begins work on a memoir that will expose all his former agency's covert practices. The CIA catches wind of the book and sends other agents after him, initiating a frenetic game of cat and mouse that spans the globe. Sandook is a Marathi movie starring Sumeet Raghvan and Bharagavi Chirmuley in lead roles. it is a satirical comic thriller set in pre independence era in a small town. The main protagonist Wamanrao Ashtaputre is a simple honest man who always dreams of getting rid of the British Raj. The film is filled with hilarious moments and one liners. Sandook is a complete family entertainer with a feel good factor throughout the story A witty comic book reviewer gears up to save the world from the forces of ultimate evil. Two drug dealers on the lam seek refuge inside their mentally unstable friend's mansion. But in order to stay, they have to participate in her elaborate, and increasingly dangerous, game of permanent make-believe. Experienced New York Police Detective John Harris is sent to London to help a local task force investigate a series of gangster killings organized by a new player in town, an American.With the help of a young teen wronged by gangsters, Harris navigates London's seedy, drug-fueled underworld in order to take down its new criminal empire. A modern day adaptation of the legendary fable of Savitri, Satyavaan and Yamaraj from Mahabharata, one of the major Sanskrit epics of ancient India. The modern day Savitri is adept in martial arts and will do anything to save her husband. Follows the exploits of husband/wife moguls trapped with a deadbeat couch potato brother in a hallucinogenic 1-900 world of 1991. Everyone is plotting to kill everyone else, including themselves, and ultimately do. Inspired by the corporate take-over era of the late 80s/early 90s and all the dark, atmospheric, neo-noir thrillers that came along with it. Filmed in its entirety at London's Wembley Arena during her worldwide sold-out 25-city Confessions Tour (2006's top-grossing tour world-wide), this concert film features songs from throughout the queen's career but largely focuses on Confessions On A Dance Floor. A child abandoned in a subway coin locker is sold to a ruthless and calculating loan shark and gangster boss dubbed "Mother" (Kim Hye-soo), who runs an organ-harvesting ring in Incheon's Chinatown. Named Il-Young (Kim Go-Eun), the baby girl grows into Mother's loyal right-hand enforcer and is groomed to be her eventual successor. But when Il-Young's loyalty to Mother wavers, the clash between the two unleashes a merciless tidal wave of blood-soaked retribution and strife. Nine New Yorkers' successful lives all intertwined in a treacherous tale of passion, a game of seduction. The only rule; anything goes. Based on the best selling autobiography by Irish expat Frank McCourt, Angela's Ashes follows the experiences of young Frankie and his family as they try against all odds to escape the poverty endemic in the slums of pre-war Limerick. The film opens with the family in Brooklyn, but following the death of one of Frankie's siblings, they return home, only to find the situation there even worse. Prejudice against Frankie's Northern Irish father makes his search for employment in the Republic difficult despite his having fought for the IRA, and when he does find money, he spends the money on drink.  Muna and Ved make a bet which changes their lives forever. The official video for "Wake Me Up" was released a month after the lyric video on 29 July 2013. It features two females: the older girl is Russian fashion model Kristina Romanova, and the younger girl is Laneya Grace. It depicts them and how they are different from the people in their village. One morning, Kristina gets up early and rides off on a horse to a nearby city. She notices a woman with the Avicii logo birthmark like the one on her lower arm. They meet others and then jump into a truck and are then shown to be attending an Avicii concert. The next morning, Kristina rides back on the horse to Laneya. The video ends with them walking down the highway and shots from the concert and the staring villagers from the beginning. A psychiatrist faces his past, present and future when he finds himself involved in the treatment of a young man recently released from prison for a murder committed when the boy was just 11 years old. A broken-hearted guy meets a girl who turns his life around - he'd be crazy not to fall in love with her. A man struggles to stay on the straight and narrow after a troubled childhood and a stint in juvenile detention. A gunfighting stranger comes to the small settlement of Lago. After gunning down three gunmen who tried to kill him, the townsfolk decide to hire the Stranger to hold off three outlaws who are on their way. In a near future, due to the effects of an uncompromising law on the eco-sustainability of supports, paper has become a rare item, a luxury possession, controlled by the "Big Z": Zimurgh Corporation. Working in Dr. Cranley's laboratory, scientist Jack Griffin was always given the latitude to conduct some of his own experiments. His sudden departure, however, has Cranley's daughter Flora worried about him. Griffin has taken a room at the nearby Lion's Head Inn, hoping to reverse an experiment he conducted on himself that made him invisible. But the experimental drug has also warped his mind, making him aggressive and dangerous. He's prepared to do whatever it takes to restore his appearance. Detective Pedro Ramirez has been released from prison to solve the kidnapping of three children, sons of a former Minister of Justice. Over the days this asingment will become a personal challenge. Ramirez will become suspicious of the entire police force... even his best friend. PALE STAR is about the possessiveness of love. About how that possession peels back to expose power and control until we can see, in its dark heart, not love but murder. Jessica and Dave along with three other young couples are kidnapped in Griffith Park by unseen Abductors and must fight to escape certain death only to discover the world will never be the same. In a financial abyss, James Harles, the president of a bank, must imperatively get out and appeals to Victoria Finler Kerry, a former senator with whom he had a secret affair six years ago. But Finler intends to undertake more than he thinks and imagines - between dream and illusion, he will fall under her spell while she wants him dead. Javid takes the responsibility for the methamphetamine found in his car to save his wife from going to prison. After his release, many people come forward to use him for their own good. A mother obsessed with mind-altering televangelism consequently vomits a pulsating growth that slithers down the throat of her son during the night. Upon spewing the parasite, the son is driven by an uncontrollable force to murder and feed corpses to the now-multiple-toothed monsters manifesting throughout the house. This gory, shot-on-Super-8 regional rarity is a micro-budget salute to H.G. Lewis and H.P. Lovecraft. -- Evan Husney, Drafthouse Films In 1980s Beirut, Mason Skiles is a former U.S. diplomat who is called back into service to save a colleague from the group that is possibly responsible for his own family's death. Meanwhile, a CIA field agent who is working under cover at the American embassy is tasked with keeping Mason alive and ensuring that the mission is a success. A tomboyish postulant at an Austrian abbey becomes a governess in the home of a widowed naval captain with seven children, and brings a new love of life and music into the home. Four friends gather at an elegant home during the Summer of Love, 1969. Unbeknownst to them, deadly visitors are waiting outside. What begins as a simple farewell party turns to a night of primal terror as the intruders stalk and torment the four, who struggle for their lives against what appears to be a senseless attack. When 11-year-old Gitty discovers that her father, Abe, a good and beloved farmer, is holding a wealthy man hostage in their abandoned silo in order to save their suffering farm, she befriends the captive in secret. As the truth unfolds about who he is and what will happen if he escapes, Gitty chooses to confront the thin line between reality and fiction. The reinvigorated elderly group that left Earth comes back to visit their relatives. Will they all decide to go back to the planet where no one grows old, or will they be tempted to remain on Earth? "Khurafat" begins with Johan (Syamsul Yusof), a young man working as an assistant in a government hospital. He is a married man who has a wife named Aishah (Liyana Jasmay). The newlyweds are leading a peaceful life when suddenly they find themselves besieged by a weird creature. The presence of a mysterious old woman, together with the sudden emergence of Johan's ex-girlfriend Anna (Sabrina Ali) add to the mystery. Anna is always disturbing Johan even though she knows Johan is now with Aishah. A young hairdresser enters into the modeling world while fearing retaliation from her puritanical mother and stalker ex-boyfriend. Valerie, a woman in her mid 40's lives a morose existence with her husband, Gilles. She discovers the throes of passion when Sophie, a friend of hers in dire need moves into the household. Valerie finds herself capable of going to any lengths to keep this newfound bliss from slipping away. In the late 1980s, stage actor Alexander Petrov is banned from theatre without any apparent reason. When he reappears, after the demise of the Communist regime, he discovers that he had been denounced by the one man he admired most, his master and friend. He discovers this fact at the very moment that he is called upon to deliver a funeral eulogy for the man. Devastated, Petrov declares that he is retiring from public life. That's when Markov offers his help. An old acquaintance, Markov was a former director of the secret service, who has become a successful businessman. Now, in the mid-1990s, the country is wracked by unretstrained capitalism, along with violence and gang wars. Markov, an admirer of Petrov's stage talents, offers to make him the leader of a new political party aiming at rescuing the country. Can this work? Is Markov the right man to be allied with? Petrov must make a fateful decision. Part-thriller, part-nightmarish examination of the widening gap between originality and technology, The Removals imagines where we go from here.  A secretive, nefarious agency seeks to control the culture. They do this by covertly staging reproductions of everyday events, and by so doing, undermining the moment's originality and currency. Society is then left to puzzle over what might be real, and what is fake. The agency employs symbols--like the fascists, like imperial powers of the past--notably a red cone, to plant their flag upon the moment.  Two agents, Kathryn and Mason, exhausted by the toll each removal has taken from them, quietly, and then overtly, set out to undermine the agency.  Haunting, engaging, and with a ferocity of vision that calls to mind the cerebral thrillers of Shane Carruth, David Lynch, or Andrei Tarkovsky, Nicholas Rombes's directorial debut is a spellbinding new work and apt analogy for the wormhole where modern social communication leads. Theresa, a haunted young woman spiraling in the wake of profound loss, is torn between her fractured emotional state and the reality-altering effects of a potent cannabinoid drug. The story of the film revolves around Intelligence officer Jayamohan (Mohanlal) and his wife Anjali (Amala Paul). However, Anjali is unaware of the fact that he is an anti- terrorist intelligence agent as his job demands secrecy, but soon she will learn the truth behind Jayamohan. Certain turn of events lead Anjali to join the team of secret agents and together they try to solve the plots set up by the terrorist group Iris is haunted by a mysterious stalker and her own dreams. FBI agents surround Iris while bodies stack up around her. A modern day Dr. Jekyll and Ms. Hyde, Iris tries to survive as she is hunted by the very agency that created her. A photographer struggling with memory loss discovers her pictures may indicate something sinister is hitting close to home. A bored couple rejuvenate their marriage by turning to murder. The compound of an arms manufacturer turns into a zombie nightmare when its workers are given the wrong formula. Everyone knows everyone in the southern town of Baymont. So when tattooed, sweet-talking Josie struts into town, heads turn. Striking up relationships with young punk Gator and loner Hank, she quickly becomes a hot topic of local gossip. A young man slowly realizes that he has become the chosen target of an ominous supernatural presence. As he scrambles to stop it, he realizes there is more to this haunting than meets the eye. Shinji Yagami (Yuma Nakayama) is a university student. He is easily frightened, due to seeing ghosts. He has feelings for Koyomi Nada (Haruka Shimazaki). To protect Koyomi Nada, Shinji and Koyomi joins the occult research group at their university. They try to solve a mystery of the haunted campus with members of their occult group.  Shifting from one pocket to another, from one man's drama to another, a lowly dollar bill, 'one buck' takes us on an odyssey through the heart of a forgotten town in Louisiana. An emotionally damaged couple try to survive a viral outbreak on an isolated farm. The story of a mysterious hotel room and how the lives of those who stay there change - for better or for worse. A young man and his fiancee returning from their shopping are surprised to find in their car a little boy who doesn't know his way home. Meanwhile, they get a call from a gangster asking them to bring the boy to him. What's the mystery around the boy? A neuroscientist's obsession with a drug that expands the human mind inadvertently unleashes a deadly supernatural force on his team. A foreign exchange student with a secret past, paints her new town red. For three US Border Patrol agents, the contents of one car reveal an insidious plot within their own ranks. The next 24 hours may cost them their lives. A group of friends get lost in the seedy streets where they encounter a crazed gang of homeless derelicts that seizes them and kills them one by one. The surviving man escapes on foot, naked and unarmed, with a pack of depraved transients in pursuit, and only seconds away from capture. An American in India befriends two journalists who are fighting for juvenile justice; her trip turns into a spiritual journey Laura is hired as a teacher of two orphans who live on their uncle's farm, in the countryside of 20th century Rio de Janeiro. Gradually, she notes that the children are under the influence of evil spirits and strives to find out what is behind this mystery. As Laura gets more involved with the situation, the more enigmatic the ambiguous behavior of the kids seems. A couple dance and play in the snow yet neither realise they won't be together in the morning. How will Madeline cope? After a deadly virus wipes out most of humanity, the survivors are forced to wait alone in self-sustaining bunkers while the viral threat runs its course. Able to communicate through a networked video interface, the survivors wait for years and slowly become a motley family of sorts. But their fragile social ecosystem is shattered when, one by one, they start mysteriously disappearing from their bunkers. A doctor, a police officer and a bunch of gangsters are involved in a deal worth 40 million, which goes awry When Thanatos meets a lonely birdwatcher, a special friendship ensues. But he knows in advance that a farewell will be inevitable. It will take evil to stamp out those who are the faces of evil itself. A listless and alienated teenager decides to help his new friend win the class presidency in their small western high school, while he must deal with his bizarre family life back home. A real estate baron Kehri Singh manages 'Preet Real Estate' which he runs in his daughter's name whom he consider's to be his lucky mascot. A sidelined and insulted Nikki Singh is ignored by his father and is considered to be insolent, useless and unlucky. In order to pay off a huge debt to a local criminal, Nikki sets off a chilling event that forces his father to revisit his dark past and confront a brutal truth. Red fights her way through a maze filled with assassins, monsters and maniacs she comes closer to discovering the truth behind the mystery and the mastermind behind the Slasher House. n the late 90's Amsterdam-based writer Gerard F. Zwaen becomes entangled in a plot involving a drugs trafficker, a dodgy tax inspector and an internal affairs agent. Saradhi is a malayalam movie made on the lines of Traffic, chronicling the events of one day, with an ambulance driver being forced to undertake a risky journey with a dead body, surpassing all odds. How twenty cents began a conservative revolution. A paint by the numbers stand-up comic has four jokes to make his captor laugh or die trying. Chronological look at the fiasco in Iraq, especially decisions made in the spring of 2003 - and the backgrounds of those making decisions - immediately following the overthrow of Saddam: no occupation plan, an inadequate team to run the country, insufficient troops to keep order, and three edicts from the White House announced by Bremmer when he took over. Two bartenders discover an unconscious girl in the restroom of their pub, who wakes up and accuses them of raping her even though she has no recollection of who of the two did it. And she decides to find out in her own way... Two jilted school boys, murdered by the mother of the girls whom they love, return as ghosts and haunt the girls to get their revenge. Four friends go into a haunted mansion on a whim but they do not realize that they have returned home with an evil spirit, from which escape might be impossible. Since she was young, Soo-Nam has been able to do anything well with her hands. She holds 14 different certificates for typing excellence, but a computer takes over her job. Luckily, she finds a new job and marries. Soo-Nam and her husband decide to buy a house. They take out a loan to pay for their home. Soo-Nam works hard to pay off the loan, but she falls into more debt. Then ... an opportunity arises to pay off all her debts at once. It follows a doctor who faces both a scandal and a moral dilemma when a patient of his dies while he is making love to a press magnate's daughter. Hostage in his own home, an incompetent Englishman is forced to team up with his captor to fight off the survivors of a fatal flu epidemic. Perry Mason defends the husband of a famous rock singer who was found being killed after having had a tremendous discussion with her husband and her manager. Self condemned to the immense and boundless prison of the Mojave desert, Phoenix leads a life of forced isolation, living by himself in a house as far away as possible from the rest of the world. Phoenix does one thing and one thing only: he digs holes. Every month he digs a hole in the middle of nowhere and buries something. The last stronghold of society stands with the man that frequently delivers his mail. When one day the delivery doesn't happen by the hand of his trustworthy mailman, but by that of the beautiful and quizzical Ariel, Phoenix's life derails in an escalation that leads him to dangerous consequences which will be impossible to escape. A mother and her son plan a surprise visit to Los Angeles to see her husband/his father. Halfway there they get into a terrible accident in the middle of nowhere and now must fight to survive. On the cusp of womanhood, 12-year-old Florence goes on her first deer hunt, a traditional rite-of- passage in her matriarchal family. A woman is wrongly accused of murdering her husband in Edwardian London. Just before the outbreak of World War I, Edith Graydon married her boyfriend Percy Thomson. He survives the war but theirs is not a happy marriage. She doesn't really love him and he feels it every day. He's also possessive and their daily life is a constant battle. She meets and falls in love with Frederick Bywaters, her sister's one-time boyfriend. They have a long affair and her desperate attempts to get either a formal separation of divorce from her husband falls on deaf ears. They are at their wits end and Bywaters decides to do something about it. On a dark evening when Edith is walking with her husband, Bywaters stabs him to death. Edith is charged with murder along with Bywaters and both are found guilty. She claims her innocence right up until the day they are both executed by hanging in 1923. Base on a true story. Directed by Abdelkrim Derkaoui et al. Financial TV host Lee Gates and his producer Patty are put in an extreme situation when an irate investor takes over their studio. No plot given. A mysterious man, "Painter" is a chaser, who is always with "Driver." Driver is in a relationship with an Estonian girl, who works at the US soldier's club. She was drifting several regions because of her father's gambling debt. One day a soldier goes mad for their relationship, and kill her and her boyfriend in front of Painter. Being so angry Painter turns into a mad creature and mysterious power leads him to Estonia. Pied Piper Porky Pig vows to rid the town of Hamelin of all its rats, and the cats of Hamelin are furious at Porky for usurping their rat-catching job. Disguising himself as a giant rat, the "grand poobah" of the cats intends to discredit Porky in the eyes of the town's mayor, by making it seem that Porky hasn't entirely fulfilled his promise to remove every last rat. Jai Singh is one of the richest Indians in the world who loves to live life on the edge. A conspiracy suddenly changes his life and brings him back to his motherland - India. What does he have to deal with? Will he give everything he has earned? A thriller inspired by real cases, the fictional lawyer Fernando Sabogal fights for human rights in a corrupt Colombia where FARCS and paramilitary groups are blended with the government and military forces. Helen tries to cope with the recent death of her husband, a scientist who killed himself right when he was on the verge of successfully completing the invention of a time machine. One day, she receives a phone call, and a voice suspiciously resembling her own voice warns her that she's in danger. Is it possible Helen has time travelled? And what could have led her to do something like that? Three people from different walks of life find themselves trapped inside a stalled elevator. What at first seems like an inconvenience rapidly escalates into a nightmare. Jack Conrad is awaiting the death penalty in a corrupt Central American prison. He is "purchased" by a wealthy television producer and taken to a desolate island where he must fight to the death against nine other condemned killers from all corners of the world, with freedom going to the sole survivor. Only 11 Americans have ever been charged under the Espionage Act of 1917; eight of them since President Obama took office. James Spione returns to TFF with the incredible personal journeys of two members of that octet, Thomas Drake and John Kiriakou, along with accountability advocate, Jesselyn Radack, who helped bring their cases to light. With resonance in the post-Snowden era, Silenced catalogs the lengths to which the government has gone to keep its most damning secrets quiet, in an impassioned and thought-provoking defense of whistleblowers everywhere. When young urbanites Ian and Sam decide to go camping, they arrive at their isolated destination to discover another tent already set up, but no sign of its owners. With the other campers at large, Ian and Sam's discovery of a child wandering alone sets off a terrifying chain of events that will push them to their limits - and beyond. Adele has been working for more than 3 years on Orbit Defence, a space station in charge of Earth security using drone pilots. Today, is her last routine mission, before she returns home to meet her family, especially her daughter. Without taking Murphy's Law into account. When a beautiful ballerina dancer, Adriana Mena (Kendra Carelli), lands the lead role in the upcoming Nutcracker performance, she's forced to face her demons as jealousy and tension begin to provoke the supernatural. A series of murders has shaken the community to the point where people believe that only a legendary creature from dark times - the mythical Golem - must be responsible. A teen's life turns upside down when her boyfriend impregnates both her and a new student at school. After a traumatic accident, newlyweds seeking help for their sexual dysfunction are pulled into a dangerous game with their neighbors that may cost them their lives. A filmmaker introduces us to the subject of his documentary--the beautiful Jacqueline Dumont, a young Frenchwoman who claims to have uncovered a covert assassination conspiracy. While unsure of the eccentric Jacqueline's veracity, the filmmaker nonetheless enlists a couple of interns and heads to the holistic retreat in Argentina where she's hiding out, to explore her claims and film her story. Upon arrival, the filmmaker begins to doubt the worthwhileness of his venture, but finds reasons to hope that he might actually be capturing something big, something real, with his increasingly makeshift film. A reclusive programmer, his sister and her new boyfriend are held hostage by a rapidly evolving computer virus. Fifty years old, three years past of unemployment, benefits decreasing very quickly... Gerard is at the end of the rope when a position is offered him in Indonesia. To win the favor of his new employer, Gerard invites him to dinner at home. Fatal Error ! Terrified at the idea of not being up to par, his wife Colette begs Alexandre, their neighbor to help. Communication guru, Alexander accepts the challenge and gives a makeover to the couple in twenty-four hours. Apartment, decoration, lifestyle, dinner menu, uniforms, culture... Everything ! Jordan grows up without knowing that his father was a criminal. Problems start brewing in his life when he has to pay for his father's sins. A group of college students gets entangled in the scheme of a fledgling caste outfit that wants to turn into a political party. Mocambique beach in Florianopolis, have a lot of unsolved murders cases. One day, Diana, Alex, Paulinho and Marcinha went to a party in the forest. In the next day, three teenagers are found death. Diana is the only survivor, but she doesn't remember what happen. The only thing that will help to solve the case is the videos recorded with their cell phones. Jordan Turner is an experienced 911 operator but when she makes an error in judgment and a call ends badly, Jordan is rattled and unsure if she can continue. But when teenager Casey Welson is abducted in the back of a man's car and calls 911, Jordan is the one called upon to use all of her experience, insights and quick thinking to help Casey escape, and not just to save her, but to make sure the man is brought to justice.  An astronomer who works at the Mexican Large Millimeter Telescope discovers a misterious signal coming from the Cygnus constellation, which starts causing strange events at the observatory. A bank heist descends into violent chaos when one of the hostages turns out to be a serial killer. Trapping the well-organized team of bank robbers in the building, the killer is now picking them off one by one. Newfound friends Sarah and Megan begin work on an art project together. As they interact with each other, it becomes clear that an intense anxiety is building. Told through delicate realism, we see the first glimpses of attraction grow as both characters battle their fears to create a necessary equilibrium. A young writer traumatized by the death of his wife and kid, describes his disturbing experiences to a psychiatrist. A mysterious man, hidden under an umbrella, forces him to finish his book regardless the cost of its consequences. The Swedish summer is on and Goran, recently dumped by his girlfriend, is searching for the woman of his dreams. Goran is not altogether in harmony with himself or his work situation and is trying a little bit too hard to please everyone around him. Unlike his best friend however, he is not prepared to compromise with love and settle for the less than perfect girl. In pursuit of love he sails out to a Midsummer party in the seductive Swedish archipelago. Unexpected love lurks in the bright Swedish summer's night ready to rock the raft of romance. Comedy and romance are the main ingredients when a story unfolds about young urban self conscious people in a high society setting. Terrence McDonagh, a New Orleans Police sergeant, who starts out as a good cop, receiving a medal and a promotion to lieutenant for heroism during Hurricane Katrina. During his heroic act, McDonagh injures his back and later becomes addicted to prescription pain medication. McDonagh finds himself involved with a drug dealer who is suspected of murdering a family of African immigrants.  When a 20-something finds a cache of hidden files on his new laptop, he and his friends are unwittingly thrust into the depths of the dark web. They soon discover someone has been watching their every move and will go to unimaginable lengths to protect the dark web. Ryan Hinds awakes inside a sealed industrial kiln. He is set challenges by a voice with no face, pushed to the limits of human endurance as the temperature within the kiln begins to rise. A priest battles a demon that kills sinners in the act of sinning. When a law student uncovers chilling secrets and places her life at risk, a bitter, rough-around-the-edges detective gets assigned to her case. Follows the true case of the infamous serial killer in the 1970s. Twenty five years old Kolya starts to work as a cemetery night guard after moving to Moscow from province. A 707 aircraft jetliner on its way from Athens to Rome and then to New York City is hijacked by Lebanese terrorists. The terrorists demand that the pilot take them to Beirut. What the terrorists don't realize is that an elite team of commandoes led by Major McCoy (Norris) and by Colonel Alexander (Marvin) has been called into service to eliminate all terrorists on the jetliner. A dead high schooler rises from her watery grave to take revenge on the jealous cheerleaders who drugged and murdered her. In late 1997, Anu Singh, an attractive law student in Canberra, made plans to kill her boyfriend Joe Cinque after throwing a series of macabre farewell dinner parties. The dinner guests, most of them university students, had heard various rumours about her plan, but nobody warned Joe. Joe's death and the subsequent trial drew the attention of the whole country, as the broader community struggled to come terms with how a life could fall through so many hands. The tentative romance between a gentle Madrid labourer and a working single mother becomes a struggle for survival when the woman's violent boyfriend returns from prison, in the gritty, suspenseful debut feature from Spanish actor Raul Arevalo. Sara and Ryo have been going out for 5 years. They take a trip from Tokyo to nearby Atami in November of 2017. Ryo is 28 years old and is getting ready for married life, but Sara isn't into the idea. More than antipathy to marriage, she resists the nebulous existence of  the future itself. A damaged homicide detective (Johnny Messner) must prevent a grieving father from unleashing a "robotic virus" that he believes will destroy the terrorist cell that murdered his son, but at an unimaginable cost. Full length documentary covering the growing interest of American Christians caring for children in foster care. Broad in scope - filmed in Georgia, Kentucky, Colorado, and California. Many people outside of the Christian faith have found this film encouraging and eye opening.  Negative is set in the American southwest and follows Natalie, a former British spy who flees Los Angeles for Phoenix after a deal with a cartel goes wrong. She's joined by Hollis, a street photographer who has put his life at risk by taking Natalie's photo at the wrong time and in the wrong place. After the death of a much despised patriarch, a mysterious box shows up during the reading of the will, forcing the family to reckon with each of their own deadly sins. Strange other-worldly sounds are echoing around the world. A group of researchers, led by expert ufologist Lorraine Gardner, begin an expedition to track down the point of origin from which the sounds emerge. Yet as their journey deepens, they begin to discover more than they bargained for. A journalist must make a decision to flee with her two children from her abusive ex-husband or kill him before he kills her. A young college student and hopeful full-time professional model will soon realise that to find fortune and fame in this cut-throat profession, she'll need to go to great extents to accomplish her dreams. A politician's campaign manager (Speakman) discovers that the candidate (Shatner) is a front for a military organization plotting a political overthrow of the government. In trying to expose the candidate's right-wing activities, he puts himself and his family in danger of being killed. Written by John Sacksteder A man with multiple brain tumours has a violent side to him which makes his mind 'unsound'. Are the women in his life safe? Ray and Sal, two orphaned sisters, adopt and hide a Great Dane puppy from their two adopted parents living in a luxury downtown New York apartment that expressely forbids dogs. Steve Walsh is living the high life but it's a life built on the ruin of other people's dreams. Peter Farrell is a man with nothing left to lose and there is nothing more dangerous than a man seeking retribution. Yoo-mi sets out to revenge the death of his wife, who was killed by members of the financial institution he once was working for. Emma is an attractive girl in her 20s who has been blind for 20 years. A new type of eye operation partially restores her sight, but she is having problems: sometimes she doesn't "remember" what she's seen until later. One night she is awakened by a commotion upstairs. Peering out of her door, she sees a shadowy figure descending the stairs. Convinced that her neighbour has been murdered she approaches the police, only to find that she is unsure if it was just her new eyes playing tricks on her.  A newly single New Yorker must re-locate to Florida for her dream job. She drives south with her widowed dad, her mom's ashes in a coffee can, and a GPS with a mind of its own. In Paris, a motley group of young people engineer a deadly plan to spread shock and awe in the city. Each plays their own role. Then they all hide in a department store, a symbol of the consumerist society they are attacking. Matt, a smart student, has to prove his innocence after being forced to take part in a bold heist at a famous London auction house. The consequences take him on a journey across London to escape the twisted web he finds himself caught in, discover the truth and gain his retribution. How will the audience decide to act when everything is turning against him? Based on explosive investigations, the thriller "Meister des Todes" ("Master of Death") tells of a German arms manufacturer and their questionable weapon exports to Mexiko. A young man tries to self-justify that he's a good person, only to spiral into primitive urges, leaving his mark all over Chicago. After being busted for a heist, a former CIA contractor is sent to a Mexican prison. His former CIA boss offers him freedom if he can break into the prison vault and steal $50 Million. Abby and Mike are on a long road trip to her sister's wedding when they stop to camp out for the night. Soon they're lost in the woods and at the mercy of nature--and something more sinister.  Five best friends from college reunite 10 years later for a wild bachelorette weekend in Miami. Their hard partying takes a hilariously dark turn when they accidentally kill a male stripper. Amidst the craziness of trying to cover it up, they're ultimately brought closer together when it matters most. Major Bill Cage is an officer who has never seen a day of combat when he is unceremoniously demoted and dropped into combat. Cage is killed within minutes, managing to take an alpha alien down with him. He awakens back at the beginning of the same day and is forced to fight and die again... and again - as physical contact with the alien has thrown him into a time loop. A-Gu enlists a group of contract killers in the disguise of laundry service. One of them, code-named "No.1 Qingtian Street", is haunted by the ghosts of his victims. He seeks help from Lin Hsiang, a psychic. Drawn from a never before seen cache of personal footage spanning decades, this is an intimate portrait of the Sri Lankan artist and musician who continues to shatter conventions. Elango and his astrologer friend Pulivetti Arumugam come in possession of a time machine and start profiting from it. However, their meddling with time prevents the death of a gangster, who begins to wreck havoc in their lives. A spectacular heist starts to unravel as the crooks take it on the lam. Alexandra reluctantly tags along for Slasher Sleepout, an extreme event that is part camping trip, part haunted house, and part escape room. But when the fun turns deadly, Alex has to play the game if she wants to make it out alive. A grandfather, police officer and a priest join hands to investigate and find a missing child. Apocalypse Road follows the journey of two sisters while separated during a post apocalyptic depression. After serving an extended prison sentence for the killing of a man he was hired to investigate, an ex-private eye approaches the completion of his memoirs to set the record straight, when one night enveloped photographs with connections to the past anonymously begin to show up at his front door, along with a mysterious man who is receiving pictures of his own. A cop is found dead in a hotel, brutally murdered, a spider cut into his stomach. The police believes his death might be connected to the fact that he was a dirty cop - the internal affairs commission already was after him - but then several other people are murdered in the very same way, and there seems to be no connection between the cases. The police seeks for a blonde woman among the prostitutes. The story follows Risa, a girl with zero experience in romance. Meanwhile, a boy named Yuugure is the most popular student in Risa's school year. Even though the two have had no contact with each other in the past, they find themselves at school at the same time one night. In the aging orphanage the days pass very uneventfully, but the nights are something quite different; at least for Tim they are. The light reflected from the stars is the only cure for his fear of the dark. One night this fear leads him to the orphanage rooftop. Where he discovers that his favorite star has disappeared, and unfortunately it's not going to be the last one. Tim also discovers... After his best friend Mikey goes missing, Karl goes on a search mission to find him in the supposed woodlands he was last seen in. During his search, things take an unexpected turn and Karl finds himself up against not only mother natures fury but a hidden secret that the woods harvest. Miguel is a lonely boy letting his life pass by in a monotonous routine. He works in a public kiosk, takes care of his mother Consuelo and dreams with Carmela's love, one of his usual clients. One day, this perfect bubble of dissatisfaction pops when his mother dies. The tragic event, forces him to face his past and to make a radical decision: find the father that abandoned them, with the intention to kill him. A homeless war-veteran with a chequered past must rely on a side of himself once thought buried when he and his companions are targeted by three vicious psychopaths wearing Santa suits on Christmas Day. Dooley, a cop wrongly sacked for corruption, teams up with a useless defence lawyer in their new careers... as security guards. When the two are made fall guys for a robbery at a location they are guarding, the pair begin to investigate corruption within the company and their union. They soon make enemies of everyone, but can the unlikely duo save the day? You'll be left speechless at the surprise ending of this supernatural faith-based thriller as party attendees find themselves trapped in a house by a mysterious force. Told in flashback form, the film traces the rise and fall of a tough, ambitious Hollywood producer, Jonathan Shields, as seen through the eyes of various acquaintances, including a writer, James Lee Bartlow; a star, Georgia Lorrison; and a director, Fred Amiel. He is a hard-driving, ambitious man who ruthlessly uses everyone on the way to becoming one of Hollywood's top movie makers. An art teacher's plans fall apart when he kidnaps a ballplayer's daughter to repay a debt to a ruthless mob boss. Everyone has secrets they keep hidden, even from their loved ones. When Ouquan's wife gives birth to a child, Ouquan is certain the child is not his and suspects his wife of an affair. He discovers the other man is an unjustly imprisoned criminal, who is on the prowl for revenge and will stop at nothing to re-gain what he's lost. The film delineate a striking clash of ego between two brilliant minds that pans out dramatically when an old unsolved murder mystery resurfaces out of the blue. Directed by Debarati Gupta.... Yudha Chitra (Frames of War) is a stark reminder that peace has not yet come for those directly affected by Nepal's 11-year conflict. The film brings us the voices of those whose relatives were killed or disappeared or who were disabled during the conflict.  Suffering and pain reside in individuals and individual bodies, which we often forget under the collective 'people'. The film excavates individual stories while accompanying a traveling exhibition of A People War that in 2007-2008 traversed the country for more than three months and was seen by more than 300,000 people. The film also reminds us that public acknowledgement of what happened is a precondition for healing. Neenu leads a selfless life helping others in need without expecting anything in return. In the meantime, the police and an underworld don are on the lookout for him over a multi-crore property. The plot follows an ordinary woman whose family are becoming estranged. Her daughter is a compulsive liar, and her husband seeks escape by working as a stuntman in a B movie with a third-rate film company. The chances of him dying while filming are high, and everybody in the family knows it. Tormented by the thought that she is no longer needed and is unloved by her family, the woman will go to any extreme to prove the opposite, and to keep her family together for ever. 5 professionals rob a Horce Racetrack and a Casino Complex but when one of them makes too many mistakes, the police starts a deadliest manhunt to recover the money. Frederick Schopner, a young management consultant, has been invited to participate in a special kind of team-building event. He and his colleagues will be chased across an outdoor obstacle course while being assessed on leadership qualities and their capacity for teamwork via video surveillance. Special highlight: the company has hired two over-the-hill actors to kidnap the consultants with unloaded weapons, keep them hostage, and to demand a high ransom from the company. A realistic role play with fun factor! But things don't go according to plan: the actors find the make-believe scenario so convincing that they decide to put the plan into action for real, using real weapons. Meanwhile, Human Resources manager Vanessa is observing what's happening via video surveillance and has to find a way to keep the hostage situation from escalating... When a Japanese pilot crash-lands on the tiny remote Hawaiian island of Ni'ihau, he is met with courtesy and traditional Hawaiian hospitality from the locals - until they discover he was part of the recent attack on Pearl Harbor. Specialists gather in a top-secret facility to investigate a series of strange deaths on beaches along the Atlantic Ocean. One of the team's scientists examines video evidence to uncover a possible parasitic explanation for the fatalities. But when a determined detective sends her the crazed writings of a mysterious homeless man, the scientist slowly learns that the actual threat may be more dangerous -- and far older -- than anyone ever imagined. Can she convince her colleagues of the true danger before an ancient force rises from the sea to bring madness and death to all of humanity? It's 2070 and our planet is ravaged by earthquakes and volcanic activity. Nowhere on Earth is hit worse than the Korean peninsula. Ha-jin, a sly, savvy orphan, prowls the rubble of a broken, barely functioning Busan wracked by daily tremors. Her petty crimes land her in jail, and from there the clutches of human traffickers -- and finally far out to sea, rescued (or rather, kidnapped?) by a ragtag band of pirates seeking the precious crystals at the heart of a volcanic island. To reach their prize, they'll need to defeat the island's fearsome guardian, the legendary volcano whale. And to do that, they'll need Ha-jin's special talent for summoning whales. But is her rare power a blessing, or a curse? After receiving a distressing medical diagnosis, a listless young man flees the crushing tedium of Toronto city life, trading it all for the wilderness of the British Columbian Interior. When his whims go awry, he is reduced to petty thievery just to survive. Fearing his misdeeds will catch up with him, he retreats further and further into the woods only to gradually find himself the target of increasingly inexplicable and disturbing manifestations, which point to a frightening truth: he is not alone. Some one or some thing is pursuing him into THE INTERIOR. A shocking video of a double murder in Russia appeared on YouTube in 2007. The police investigation reached a dead end; two years later, director Vladi Antonevicz and his friend Dima "Shurabi" set off on a daring investigation of their own. Snooping around the darkest crevices of Russia's neo-Nazi underground, they are determined to find the killers. Three buddies meet a pair of girls on the Internet and soon find themselves the wrong men accused in a vigilante sting-operation. The untold story of the first women in U.S. history to be sent into direct ground combat. Following the Satmar Hasidic Dynasty, this documentary explores the ultra-orthodox Jewish group's dealings and the corruption that surrounds them. In an apartment a single and psychotic mother locks in herself and her daughter. Here, the demons are in control. Ti can hear her mother talking to the demons, and she sees her changing and confined face. But the demons that the mother speaks with Ti can neither hear nor see. Outwards, Ti is forced to keep a straight face to protect her mother, while she herself is going under. Jin-Myung is a psychiatrist and exorcist. With his assistant, Ji-Kwang, they attempt an exorcism on Geum-Joo. She suffers from a bizarre phenomenon. They then face a powerful existence within Geum-Joo. Extreme horror arises out of her. A haunted doll teaches one little girl why children shouldn't play with undead things. A dark and gritty film by Arius Blaze. Daemon (Jeffrey Arrington) finds himself in limbo in an old decaying apartment building.The only way out is through an obsession with the written word and a dark muse named Teles (Stephanie Leet). As he falls deeper and opens new doors he finds himself lost in his own story; a labyrinth of illusions and history which forever devours a part of him. The written word climbs into his pores and consumes his body, leaving only a shell of a man who's story in undeveloped. Only Alexa (Alysse Fozmark) really knows what's on the missing pages of his work and can lead him to the last door he ever needs to open. In this Twilight Zone throwback, a reclusive musician with a pathological fear of human contact finds himself in the unexpected company of several people from his past. A gangster sets out to fulfill his father's dream of becoming a doctor. Barkhaa is married to Ranbir, a soldier who has to leave and Barkhaa finds herself alone. Due to her lonely, passionless married life, she begins an affair with her husband's friend, Akaash. However, Ranbir's sister, Neetu, comes to learn of their affair. A police officer is forced to work for two warring crime syndicates while under an internal investigation. After a botched bank robbery lands his younger brother in prison, Connie Nikas embarks on a twisted odyssey through New York City's underworld to get his brother Nick out of jail. A Punjabi romantic thriller. A college class project on creation and destruction of modern myth, turns terrifying when a trio of young people come to realize the urban legends surrounding the famed Buckout Road may, in fact, be REAL. Six friends go to party for a week during the "Sneekweek". But they are haunted by a secret from their past. Canvas of Death 2016 With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent. Mahesh, a studio photographer and owner of the studio. As the story moves on, Mahesh encounters an anonymous fight ending up with taking revenge that leads to certain realizations in his life. Will Graham, a former London crime boss who has left his former life to live as a recluse in the forest. Haunted by the blood of those he has murdered, Will wishes never to return. But when his brother commits suicide, following a sexual assault at the hands of a volatile car dealer, Will returns to London to discover the cause of his brother's death and administer justice to those responsible.  A young man has a mere six hours to escape with his best friend from their hometown before a nuclear reactor explodes. The story of a teenager and his new group of friends being hunted in the night by a mask wearing killer. Lindsay and Spencer are a typical young couple, but their lives are changed forever after a violent home invasion. Now Lindsay finds herself a prisoner in her own home as her husband tortures the men responsible. A little creepy human drama from Japan. Miyabe and Soga who work for the city health department obtain information that Eri Yamamoto who is a career of mad man disease disappears. During their investigation, Eri's sister Yui implicates them that Eri died of an air raid some days ago. They suspend the investigation, but they find out that Yui and her boyfriend Inoue has been sheltering Eri at home. The plot revolves around the relationship between a young drifter and an abused housewife. An unemployed introvert, unable to read or write, draws on brilliant ingenuity when the woman he secretly loves is threatened. A young businessman wakes up in a hotel room, locked from the inside, along with his lover, who was murdered while he was unconscious. He hires a prestigious lawyer, and over the course of one evening, they must work together to build a defense case for him before he is taken to jail. All-stars from the previous Step Up installments come together in glittering Las Vegas, battling for a victory that could define their dreams and their careers. Add the plot. Four girls are stalked by high school classmate. Loosely based on true story of man who vowed to slaughter women who rejected him. A lonely woman caring for her domineering father is pushed to the brink when a figure from her past re-enters her life. After his young son dies from the negligence at a hospital, Harry Fertig takes matters into his own hands and kills the doctors responsible. Slick lawyer Roy Bleakie, looking only to win a case and not caring of the matters involved, is assigned Fertig's case. Shocked to hear that his client wants to plead guilty, the case causes Bleakie to question his own morals by defending an honorable man. Hilarity ensues when friends Jeff and Derek try to enter the world of back bar wrestling; where the most beautiful girls could beat the tar out of both of them without a second thought. Even with a little help from the notorious Buckle Girls, can Jeff survive a fight against Switchblade Rick for not only the title, but the heart of the girl he loves? An obsessive psychologist attempts to reprogramme her subconscious mind, but when her actions become increasingly uncharacteristic she fears her experiment is dangerously out of control. Produced by local filmmakers, "The Custodian" finds a man who has failed to find his place in life stumbling upon a physical entrance to Heaven. Based on a true story, shot in THE REAL EXORCIST HOUSE, a young woman returns to her old family home, the site of an infamous exorcism and discovers the devil never left. This film was shot in THE REAL EXORCIST HOUSE and during filming captured both audible and visible paranormal activity which has been left in the film giving those who dare to watch a unique look into one of the most infamous homes in America and possibly exposing them to the devil still lurking within. With their father in prison for murder, siblings Alison and Brandon are instantly considered suspects when a string of killings plagues their town, and they must fight to clear their names. Baaghi is the story of Ronny, a rebellious 23-year-old from Delhi. Fearing his unruly and angry temperament his father sends him to a disciplinary academy set in a sleepy town in Kerala. While traveling to the academy he meets Siya who also carries a rebellious streak but nonetheless spark fly between them. After his enrollment, Ronny encounters the star student Raghav and things get awry between them when Raghav falls for Siya as well. Years later Ronny is informed that Siya is abducted and is called upon for help to rescue her from the gritty underbelly of Thailand. Lost in the midst of a new city Ronny comes face to face with his nemesis, Raghav. They both still love Siya unconditionally and are in a battle to win her heart. But there will be only one person who will. Who will it be the rebellious Ronny or the furious Raghav? Siya appears to be the bone of contention between warring businessmen Aditya and Saurav. But this one runs deeper than your average love triangle. Room - The Mystery is a story about Kunal and his friends who meet with an accident grievously injuring a woman and a child, while driving under the influence of alcohol. The woman then returns as a ghost to take revenge from all those who were responsible for her and her children's death. Based on the 2004 comic, Aleister Arcane told the story of a Los Angeles weatherman named Aleister Green who returns to his hometown to host a midnight horror show a la Elvira. Under the guise of a mad scientist named Aleister Arcane, Green performed little skits until the local sponsors balked at the gore. An incident with two kids leads to him to be put on trial, breaking his spirit and into an early grave. Not long after, grisly activities begin to occur and only the kids have the power to thwart the curse he has laid upon their town. In the near future where humanoid robots are common in society, the mob reprograms a female android to think and feel in order to use it as a contract killer. This has dangerous consequences as she develops a relationship with her creator while also slowly becoming a murderous psychopath. Most Beautiful Island is a chilling portrait of an undocumented young woman's struggle for survival as she finds redemption from a tortured past in a dangerous game. After supervillain Shredder escapes custody, he joins forces with mad scientist Baxter Stockman and two dimwitted henchmen, Bebop and Rocksteady, to unleash a diabolical plan to take over the world. As the Turtles prepare to take on Shredder and his new crew, they find themselves facing an even greater evil with similar intentions: the notorious Krang. Crime comedy from director Sushanth Reddy. Victoria returns to Nigeria from the UK to help estranged husband Izu cope with his uncle's death. Hoping to save his marriage, Izu brings Victoria on his trip to the funeral, during which they reflect on their courtship, secrets and regrets. Cassidy is a struggling actress, grinding out auditions, worrying that any chance at stardom may have already passed her by. Desperate to save money to move to Hollywood, she takes a job working as a runner for her mother's boyfriend. What happens when a small town detective, Rachel Willow discovers what it is happening in her city. It's an intimate story that exposes that sex trafficking isn't just an international problem, or a city problem. It can happen anywhere. A group of idealistic, but frustrated, liberals succumb to the temptation of murdering rightwing pundits for their political beliefs. Victor & Miranda try and resolve their failed marriage only after they independently attempt to kill each other on the same night. A film based on Shakespeare's Macbeth: A power-hungry military wife convinces her husband to kill the king at a state dinner. A psychological thriller about the destructive relationship between a middle-aged man and his mother. Based on the black market organ trade in America, a young homeless woman, Lisa, and a group of friends must survive the night in a real life house of horrors. After exposing police corruption, a journalist is drawn into an underground world of violent vigilantism. Martin and Katharina's marriage is at stake because their six-year-old son, Tobias, is autistic. They become friends with the young couple that moves in next door and Tobias starts to gradually open up. His parents are very happy. But soon Martin discovers that the young couple has their own reasons for wanting to be near Tobias: they have a horrible plan. DANGER DIVA is a cyberpunk musical/thriller about a hard rocking singer who is coerced into becoming an electronically enhanced new-music diva by her high tech billionaire patron. The all new unrated, unapologetic and uncensored Crusty Demons film! Get an all access pass to never before seen crashes, parties and jumps. Brand new footage & interviews from legendary riders Travis Pastrana, Robbie Maddison, Larry Linkogle, Seth Enslow and more. 2015 Malayalam thriller film written and directed by Ranjith. It features Mohanlal as Raju and Andrea Jeremiah as Jayanthi in lead roles along with Ajmal Ameer, Siddique, Mythili, Tini Tom, Vijayaraghavan, Renji Panicker and V. K. Prakash in significant roles. The film is produced by Antony Perumbavoor under the banner Aashirvad Cinemas. A young woman starting a new life is forced to take extreme measures against those around her after things go violently awry. Immediately after their miscarriage, the US diplomat Robert Thorn adopts the newborn Damien without the knowledge of his wife. Yet what he doesn't know is that their new son is the son of the devil. Four girlfriends take a trip to New Orleans for an annual festival and, along the way, rediscover their wild sides and strengthen the bonds of sisterhood.  After moving with her husband to a new house to cope from the accident that recently blinded her, a Den Mother continues to be haunted by guilt over the death of a girl scout until the couple find a little girl living hidden in their house, revealing unthinkable dark secrets. A group of friends go out for a night on the town on New Years Eve. But after one of them is accidentally shot, the remaining three have to come up with a solution while other circumstances get in the way. The film encapsulates three lives; a school kid, an Intelligence agent and a terrorist. Things start to turn around when the kid meets with an unfortunate or rather a fortunate accident. Story is about a young couple who receives a mysterious book which lead them to find the truth about an unsolved murder case which had happened 5 years back. Elio Perlman is spending the summer with his family at their vacation home in Lombardy, Italy. When his father hires a handsome doctoral student, the curious 17-year-old finds himself developing a growing attraction to the young man. Reality is the real mission. Two married couples set out to go on a trip to a marriage retreat to enhance their marriage, but is faced with dark evil along the way. As darkness falls upon them, secrets are revealed. Trust is no longer among them and what was supposed to be a moment of beautiful memories becomes a nightmare. Johnny Taylor has a big problem: he LOVES to drown good-looking girls. When he sees water and attractive females together, something in his head begs him to kill - the psychological result of a traumatic near-drowning during his childhood at the hands of a twisted babysitter. Fighting the urge to act on his sinister thoughts most of his adult life, Johnny finally succumbs to his dark instincts when the only work he can find is around water, cleaning pools. Filled with colorful characters, beautiful women and set against the backdrop of the LA party scene, Death Pool encapsulates the desire for fame, the lust for desire, and the urge to kill. Two somewhat insane hicks are sent forth by their father to resolve the feud between two families in as bloody a manner as possible. Joe Buck is a wide-eyed hustler from Texas hoping to score big with wealthy New York City women; he finds a companion in Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, an ailing swindler with a bum leg and a quixotic fantasy of escaping to Florida. In 1863, a group of snow-bound travelers invokes the devil, who gives them a flying canoe for them to go home. When one of them finds his wife about to die in labor, he makes a pact with the devil to save her and his newborn daughter Liza. He then cheats the devil of his prize by sacrificing himself. 25 years later, Liza wants to marry her beloved Jos, who has to go away to a remote logging camp to earn money to save his farm, but the devil is determined to ruin her happiness. A backwoods recluse steals the body of a young girl killed in a violent car crash, locking her in the freezer of his isolated shed as her sister and boyfriend search frantically for any clues to her whereabouts. The woman of Clive's dreams may be dead, but she'll always be true and she'll never grow old - at least as long as he keeps her on ice. When Cathy and Deric show up looking for the missing traveler, Clive takes them both hostage in a sinister bid to hide his ghoulish secret. ~ Jason Buchanan Originally living a happy and stable life, things have become clouded for rich heiress Ye Shuang (Qin Lan) after the unexpected disappearance of her husband Ling Feng (Archie Kao) and daughter. After consulting with her father Ye Cheng (Simon Yam), Shuang decides to call the police, where she re-encounters her ex-boyfriend, Yao Jie (Gordon Lam).  During the investigation process, Jie finds this million-dollar ransom kidnapping case to be a misty mystery. Specializing in investigating by starting from minor details, he targets Cheng as a potential suspect. At this time, Cheng's activities has also become suspiciously strange. When the mystery seemed to have dispersed, Cheng dies from an accident. At this time, clues from a murder case that took place 20 years ago begins to surface. Behind the mysterious kidnappings lies the ulterior motive. A family man gets stuck inside a building with a prostitute, whom he had solicited. As time goes by, the probability of him being caught red-handed by his family or neighbours keeps increasing. Tom Decker is a clergyman in his late twenties with a rural church outside of a small college town. Laura Carlisle is a mid-thirties history professor who has recently begun a romantic relationship with Tom. Abigail Scott is a mid-twenties graduate student studying under Carlisle who is also Tom's oldest and closest friend from childhood. The three realize that they have interconnecting relationships when they find themselves at the funeral for Laura's former mentor. Unbeknownst to Laura, Tom and Abigail have a past that extends beyond friendship - they were once lovers. While Abigail longs for a return to that passionate relationship, Tom struggles with his continuing attraction to her, even as he falls further in love with Laura. Observing all of this at a distance is Rev. Ezekiel Hartt, a clergyman in his mid-sixties who has returned to town after a long absence with a secret that threatens to destroy them all. A millennial nightmare that follows Anna, a young woman stuck in the midst of a quarter-life crisis, who learns how to keep on living after being haunted by the undead spirit from her summer camp past. It's about emerging adulthood and millennial angst; about letting go of our pasts and embracing what it means to grow up. Alena's life is far from simple. When she arrives at her new elite boarding school, Filippa and the other girls start to harass her. But Alena's best friend Josefin won't let her take anymore beating. If she won't strike back, Josefin will do it for her. Hard. There is an ancient ritual known to humankind for more than a hundred years...According to the legend, an ominous entity known as The Queen of Spades can be summoned by drawing a door and staircase on a mirror in the darkness, and by saying her name three times. The Queen of Spades gets her energy from reflective objects; she cuts locks of hair from those asleep, and those that see her go mad or die. Four teenagers decide to call The Queen of Spades as a joke. But when one of them dies of a sudden heart attack, the group realizes they are up against something inexplicable and deadly dangerous. A man's life is turned inside out after a visit from his college friend leads him into the unexpected. Acharam is a tamil movie.Ganesh and Rekha are doing the lead roles in this movie. Suresh Gopi's character name in this film is Rudra Simhan who is a yogi who gave up all worldly pleasures by listening to the call of his soul. When he comes back to his homeland after a long journey he comes in to the life of Haimavathi. Emergency has been declared in India. Maharani Gitanjali from one of Rajasthan's princely states has already lost her privy purse. Now, she fears that she will lose the last treasure chest of gold which has been forcibly taken away from her. So she asks her trusted lieutenant, Bhawani to step in and plan a heist. Accusations of guilt turns a father into a fugitive, leaving his son to find and bring him home after struggling to put the pieces together. Sarah was living the perfect life with her husband, Jason and their son Brandon until... Jason simply disappears! Days of searching turn into weeks of agony for Sarah and her son Brandon. To make matters worse, Sarah's son suffers from a rare genetic disease and only Jason's DNA can save him. When Sarah finally tracks down Jason, he sets out to make sure Sarah doesn't ruin his secret life and expose his dangerous past. Venkob Rao, a widower suffering from Alzheimer's disease, is moved to an old-age home by his son. When he goes missing one day, he crosses swords with criminals. A famous crime writer becomes a victim after a crazed fan brutally attacks her. She isolates herself in her apartment, trying to cope and get on with her life, but starts to experience increasingly strange events. It doesn't take long before she is convinced that her attacker is back and stalking her. Johnny Marr has teamed up with the award-winning actor Maxine Peake to create a new project which sets Peake's spoken word performances to Marr's instrumental soundscapes. 'The Priest' is based upon the characters that Joe Gallagher met on the streets in the first few days after becoming homeless in Edinburgh. Gallagher wrote a diary of his experiences for the Big Issue under the pseudonym James Campbell when he first became homeless in May 2015 and continued until he found a new home in March 2016. This short film was filmed in Manchester and features Molly Windsor in the lead role. GOLDSTONE, the award-winning new feature from Australian auteur Ivan Sen (Mystery Road), is a complex and stylish crime thriller that explores themes of racism, human trafficking, police corruption, corporate malfeasance, and the trampling of indigenous people's rights.  On the trail of a missing person, troubled indigenous detective Jay Swan (Aaron Pedersen, Mystery Road) finds himself in the small mining town of Goldstone, where he is arrested for drunk driving by local cop Josh (Alex Russell, CBS's "S.W.A.T."). When Jay's motel room is blasted with gun fire, it becomes clear that something larger is at play. While struggling to overcome their mutual distrust, Jay and Josh uncover a web of crime and corruption, which leads directly to the town's cold-blooded Mayor (two-time Oscar nominee Jacki Weaver, Silver Linings Playbook) and its smarmy gold mine director (David Wenham, Lord of the Rings). Taira is a disaffected youth from a seaside town reveling in violence. Enamored by his strength, Yuya joins his crusade in attacking strangers.  Meanwhile, Taira's brother looks for him. When an IMF mission ends badly, the world is faced with dire consequences. As Ethan Hunt takes it upon himself to fulfill his original briefing, the CIA begin to question his loyalty and his motives. The IMF team find themselves in a race against time, hunted by assassins while trying to prevent a global catastrophe. Set in the late 1920s, The Age of Shadows follows the cat-and-mouse game that unfolds between a group of resistance fighters trying to bring in explosives from Shanghai to destroy key Japanese facilities in Seoul, and Japanese agents trying to stop them. After a group of biologists discovers a huge network of unexplored caves in Romania and, believing it to be an undisturbed eco-system that has produced a new species, they hire the best American team of underwater cave explorers in the world. While exploring deeper into the underwater caves, a rockslide blocks their exit, and they soon discover a larger carnivorous creature has added them to its food chain. A group of 5 people find themselves trapped in an elevator in the World Trade Center's North Tower on 9/11. They work together, never giving up hope, to try to escape before the unthinkable happens. More than 2,000,000 Americans are victims of home burglary each year. How safe is your neighborhood? Four high school friends plan to ride out their senior year taking easy classes, including a program for housing foreign exchange students and eventually all attending Ohio State. Hurdles befall each of the four: grades, higher aspirations, love. Is it the Foreign Exchange students that learn from their host or the hosts that do more of the learning?  When the naked body of a teenage girl is found on the banks of the River Baztan, it is quickly linked to a similar murder one month before. Soon, rumours are flying in the nearby village of Elizondo. Is this the work of a ritualistic killer or is it the basajaun, the 'invisible guardian' of Basque mythology?  Inspector Amaia Salazar leads the investigation, taking her back to the heart of the Basque country where she was born, and where she hoped never to return. Shrouded in mist and surrounded by impenetrable forests, it is a place of unresolved conflicts and a terrible secret from Amaia's childhood that will come back to haunt her.  Faced with the superstitions of the village, Amaia must fight the demons of her past to confront the reality of a serial killer on the loose. But as she is drawn deeper into the investigation, she feels the presence of something darker lurking in the shadows... A love story of Joy and Ethan, Filipino workers based in Hong Kong. Ethan, a bartender, is keen on romantically pursuing Joy, a domestic helper who is wholly dedicated to providing for her family. Johnny, the loyal number two of a powerful sociopathic crime boss, leads other members of a small town mob scrambling to keep their business alive while trying to find the leak to the police. Turkish villagers (mostly) being under the spell of BLACK MAGIC which is put up on them by a hater in the close or far families that makes them being suffered and trified by the Djins (very Bad Kind of Wicked Devil Among Muslims Coming from Their Holly Book Quran) They have to now look for clues and exorcists to help them run away from it or defeat it. A young girl has a remarkable history with the evil who has hunted her since her childhood. This evil is convinced that this girl must be under his wing and no one would approach her even her parents got killed including every lover. At the end this girl decided to release her self from him by committing suicide.   --Motasem Hamdan When small town drifter Sammy Barlach drives into town on the search for his next cold beer and the bunch that'll have him, he gets a lot more than he bargained for. In 1949 composer Roman Strauss is executed for the vicious murder of his wife Margaret with a pair of scissors. In 1990s Los Angeles a mute amnesiac woman shows up at an orphanage and private eye Mike Church is called in to investigate. Under hypnosis both the woman and Church seem to have a strange link back to the Strauss murder. Isabelle Adjani is Carole Matthieu - a workplace physician employed in a call centre who has become emotionally involved in the suffering of her humiliated co-workers. 18-year-old Ally meets 19-year-old Sara, when she moves in next-door. Quickly they form a strong relationship as Ally finds solace with Sara. Soon Sara discovers Ally's secrets and she manipulates and convinces her to participate in an act of naive revenge against Ally's abuser. Lucas devotes his life to church work after a tragedy. When an exorcism case gets out of control, he has to figure out who is under the Devil's influence. A young couple who are so poor that they have to work as hired killers. TV Movie directed by Michael Barry. Four best friends from boarding school decide to attend a massive blow-out High School graduation party on Block Island. After missing the last ferry they decide to hire a fishing boat to take them on what should be a simple journey. What they get is the trip from hell, with a captain and his first mate that have no intention of taking the kids to Block Island, putting them into a fight to survive and to simply make it back to land... any land. The year is 2XXX and Keiko Town is an over-industrialized stretch of blackened factories pumping out thick layers of smoke that cast it in a perpetual state of semi-darkness. The citizens of Keiko Town fare no better and walk around their dilapidated town in a stupor of hopeless despair. In an abandoned factory in an obscure corner of town lies the secret base of Hikari Club.  The teenage boys of Hikari Club despise the adults of their community and have taken it upon themselves to eradicate what they perceive to be the evil and filth of the grown-up world. To accomplish this, they build a machine with artificial intelligence and dub it "Litchi". However, with the boys on the cusp of puberty and turning into adults themselves, their own world has begun to collapse around them. The film contains five stories set on desolate stretches of a desert highway. Two men on the run from their past, a band on its way to a gig, a man struggling to get home, a brother in search of his long-lost sister and a family on vacation are forced to confront their worst fears and darkest secrets in these interwoven tales. A struggling painter is possessed by satanic forces after he and his young family move into their dream home in rural Texas. A family returns from a Grand Canyon vacation with a supernatural presence in tow. Set in London's world of high class call girls, Amoureux Solitaires tells the story of London based French escort Virginie, and Rupert, a man who rescues trafficked girls. An undercover cop finds himself in a Catch-22 situation where he has to return the drugs he had stolen from a kingpin in exchange for his son. The bag containing the drug goes missing, and with both gangsters and cops on his tail, can he get out of this mess? A visually spectacular dystopian take on an Arab world torn apart by social disorder. The killing of a fiery young teacher sets Detective Mario Conde on the trail of a drug kingpin with ties to the high school he once attended. Drawn from a never before seen cache of personal footage spanning decades, this is an intimate portrait of the Sri Lankan artist and musician who continues to shatter conventions. Danny is a student that barely gets any attention at home because his mother is mentally ill. At school however, he is very popular and known as a big bully. His main victim is Suus, a lesbian classmate who faces many problems due to her sexual orientation. A vigilante hijacks a police car and prowls the streets of Los Angeles disguised as a cop, serving his own brand of street justice. When two campers on a peaceful weekend excursion are suddenly confronted, harassed, and molested by a pack of heavily armed outdoorsman, a brutal series of events ensues. A struggle for survival and sanity drives the surviving victim into a bloody vendetta of rage. The hunters become the hunted in a malicious game of cat and mouse. Oliver, a young film director, discovers on a porn Web site one night that the protagonist of one of the erotic videos is his younger half-sister Aurora. In the process of finding out what she was doing there, Oliver will become fascinated by his sister. An ordinary man plays matchmaker to his friend only to realize the girl being pursued is being stalked. In a small town, a writer and a local man unite to find out what happened to their missing relatives. Romanian-born Radu Patru is a trainee at a prestigious French news network. Serving as a translator and general problem solver, or "fixer," for the headlining journalists during his trial period, he's looking to make his big break. He sees his opportunity when two underage Romanian prostitutes are repatriated from France, creating an international scandal. Taking advantage of his language skills and local connections, Radu is prepared to do whatever it takes to interview one of the young girls. But as he ventures into tricky moral ground, he must stop to ask himself if, as an aspiring journalist, he can live with the consequences of his actions, and if, as a father, he's setting a good example for his son. Tom, an over-worked husband and father, abandons his dead-end job to follow his dream of owning his own business. The only problem: he invested everything in a mechanic shop that has a lien in favor of his arch enemy and must now enter a dirt track race to win the prize money and save his family from ruin. A couple's love is put to the ultimate test by a Haunted House attraction that seems to have a mind of its own. In December 2014, Mama Rainbow -a film about six Chinese mothers accepting their gay children -was deleted from Chinese video websites with no explanation. Now the filmmaker, Popo Fan, is on a quest to fight it. Interviews with Popo's lawyer, journalists, activists, and commentators, alternate with the endless laws and regulations to interrogate China's systemic use of censorship. Wanting to follow the current trend, Francesca, a young teacher from Bucharest, is eager to emigrate to Italy. Unfortunately,whilst desperately seeking support from those nearest and dearest to her, various untold truths unravel. On New Year's Day, Kristen's boyfriend Ivan drops her off at her father's cafe to clean up after the night before. Then a mysterious figure starts harassing her. He calls, lurks at the door, whistles... and seems to know everything about Kristen... In a future world, young people are increasingly becoming addicted to an illegal (and potentially deadly) battle simulation game called Avalon. When Ash, a star player, hears of rumors that a more advanced level of the game exists somewhere, she gives up her loner ways and joins a gang of explorers. Even if she finds the gateway to the next level, will she ever be able to come back to reality? After a young woman is kidnapped, her captors soon come to realize that in fact they may be the ones in danger and this young woman has a dark secret inside her. A chance encounter with a blonde in a sports car causes a man to give chase in his souped up mustang. After the mysterious disappearance of their mother, estranged brothers reunite and discover an unknown supernatural force. A female investigative journalist uncovers the truth about the death of a celebrated astronaut. Pola investigates on her own after her friend Tina has disappeared without a trace after a blind date on the Berlin Museum Island. Tina's profile on a dating portal finally leads Pola to her lover Sven. At the same time, Tina's husband Karl receives a sex video featuring Tina and Sven. A short time later, Sven is dead, and the bound Tina is released from his apartment. Everything points to Karl as the culprit. In this story inspired by real characters, three girls from America, Nigeria and India are trafficked through an elaborate global network and enslaved in a Texas brothel, and must together attempt a daring escape to reclaim their freedom. Two career driven women are hired to test out a unique treasure hunt deep in the New Mexico desert. Their exciting adventure takes a drastic turn as friendship is tested and survival is pushed to the limit, and before long they realize that not everything is as it seems. A kinky sex proposition devolves into a chain of murder, sex, revenge. And more murder. Secrets test a friendship in this crime drama. A lawyer at a top firm accidentally kills her gardener. Fearing for her career, she asks her best friend to help her get rid of the body. A Paranormal researcher has been handed video footage from a ghost hunter, which reveals clues to a bad and old soul. On the morning he is set to star in a career changing blockbuster film, an Irish actor trying to live down his rocky past confronts a series of devastating events that threaten his sobriety, his loved ones, and ultimately his life. Though Kevin has evidenced 23 personalities to his trusted psychiatrist, Dr. Fletcher, there remains one still submerged who is set to materialize and dominate all the others. Compelled to abduct three teenage girls led by the willful, observant Casey, Kevin reaches a war for survival among all of those contained within him -- as well as everyone around him -- as the walls between his compartments shatter apart. Winter Has No Sun An Indian mystic uses magical chants to raise women from the dead, then sends them out to perform revenge killings for him. In this adaptation of the Mona Simpson novel, single mother Adele August is bad with money, and even worse when it comes to making decisions. Her straight-laced daughter, Ann, is a successful high school student with Ivy League aspirations. When Adele decides to pack up and move the two of them from the Midwest to Beverly Hills, Calif., to pursue her dreams of Hollywood success, Ann grows frustrated with her mother's irresponsible and impulsive ways. A young woman (Tansy Parkinson) who possesses the supernatural powers and visions of an upcoming apocalypse is aided by a retired bounty hunter who must protect her from those who wish to use her abilities for evil. Contains three stories. In "Car Trouble," two hapless motorists who go to the wrong house for help and end up the prisoners of a psychotic killer! In "Secret Agent Murders," two agents learn a deadly secret about their boss and are targeted for murder. In "George's Daydreams," George plans to murder three women after they humiliate him at a bar. A woman runs a massage parlor in Dharavi, Mumbai. 10 strangers set off to a strange land. What happens there changes their lives forever. Aatagara is an edge-of-the-seat multi-starrer that is unique and never seen before in the Indian cinema. Dev who takes control of his own life gets addicted to drugs and alcohol and eventually becomes hungry for power. A darkly intelligent teenage girl struggles to overcome her past and the restraints of suburban society while trying to come to terms with the present. An agoraphobic, aspiring author who's taken to living in a bookstore becomes convinced that one of the customers is actually the villain from one of his unfinished stories. As a result, he faces his fears in order save his daughter and the world. Years after failing to catch Little Red Riding Hood, the obsessed Wolf tries again. Something nasty is lurking inside a secure storage unit. When a group of people get trapped inside, they need to find a way to get out of a building that's designed to keep things in... The leader of CIS goes missing. Clank tries his best to track down an arms dealer in league with a dangerous organization while the agents rebuild their former status. All changes when a stranger appears from a shadowy past. Following a near-fatal accident, David Chamberlain makes an unprecedented discovery that will not only determine the fate of his family, but of mankind. In this episode everything goes wrong. Helen ends up on the rear observation deck of a runaway express train with the door to the inside closed, with the air-brake of the engine damaged, the engine itself full of steam and inaccessible, and the train speeding ahead on the wrong track. A 100% Australian Suspense Thriller filmed in Western Australia. Using the state of the art Red Dragon camera. An idealistic cop and an ambitious scientist-businessman indulge in a high-stake battle of wits. Karthi's lover Indu is kidnapped by her uncle, who works as an underling to Paraman, a gangster. Meanwhile, Shiva, his friend, murders Paraman's brother, Bala, with whom he has a history. Now, the gangster is baying for blood... Two scientists investigate the root of environmental changes and strange animal behavior at a remote site where a cult committed atrocities. The isolated location, the unraveling of their relationship, and the biome itself begin to lead them down a path of doom where primeval forces threaten to consume them.  An adaptation of Laird Barron's short story "-30-". Pulan Visaranai (English: Investigation) is a 1990 Tamil language film directed by R. K. Selvamani. The film features Vijayakanth in lead role. The film, produced by R.Sundar Raj and S.Raveendran,was a blockbuster and was remade in Hindi as Ravan Raaj: A True Story. The character of the antagonist Dharma (played by Anandaraj) is loosely based on the serial killer Auto Shankar.Telugu dubbed version "Police Adhikari" was also successful. Dharma (Anandaraj) is an auto driver who kidnaps young women and is on the payroll of a powerful politician R.R (Radha Ravi). "Honest" Raj (Vijayakanth), a DCP investigating the murder of an MLA, zeroes in on R.R but is suspended by his higher-ups due to political pressure.  Few years later, he is brought back when Governor's rule is established and given charge of the investigation into the disappearance of a man whose sister had earlier disappeared. His investigation leads him to Dharma and R.R and then to a private hospital in Bombay. A post-modern theater adaptation of a classic Greek tragedy takes place in a central theater of Athens. Like every night, the audience take their seats and the play begins. Suddenly, the lights on stage go out. A group of young people, dressed in black and carrying guns, come up on stage. They apologize for the interruption and invite people from the audience to participate on stage. The play resumes with a main difference; life imitates art and not the opposite. In the wake of his dramatic escape from captivity, Jesse Pinkman must come to terms with his past in order to forge some kind of future. In a warehouse in the middle of nowhere, two rival prostitutes held against their will join forces to help a 9 year-old girl escape her future as a child sex slave. An NRI comes to Chennai and starts a real estate business. Even as his venture picks up, he learns that he is being cheated by a person he trusts the most and is jailed for fraud. How does he get out the web of deceit? An artist is hired by a nightclub owner to paint a portrait of his beautiful wife. When the artist and wife fall in love, the nightclub owner's jealousy erupts in violence. To save themselves, the lovers are driven to attempt his murder. Chehere is a period drama set in the 1950s that revolves around the life of a retired silent era actor. The actress in the film has a bitter relationship with her sister, a poet. There is clash of ideas and perspectives and what follows is mystery. Abel is preparing for a special gift to himself on his 50th Birthday. He wants to find himself a new face, that of a beautiful young woman. Ella Nesser is the attractive, but inexperienced murder detective, in charge of the case to track down the serial killer who has been praying on the city's young woman. When Abel develops an obsession with not only her face, but also her tattooed skin - the Hunter becomes the Hunted. When a smuggler kills his sister, a mentally impaired man (Rajnikanth) vows to deliver justice and joins a martial arts school. He trains hard there to become a master fighter, honing his fighting skills. Taking on a new identity, Paayum Puli (Pouncing Tiger), he sets off for revenge, but a beautiful woman (Radha) soon puts a hitch in his plans. Manorama, Silk Smitha and Jaishankar also star in this action-packed movie. The Shadow Mountains, 1983. Red and Mandy lead a loving and peaceful existence; but when their pine-scented haven is savagely destroyed, Red is catapulted into a phantasmagoric journey filled with bloody vengeance and laced with fire. A weekend getaway for four couples takes a sharp turn when one of the couples discovers the entire trip was orchestrated to host an intervention on their marriage. The Palestinian terror group Black September had hijacked the craft and separated passengers into groups of Jews and non-Jews. They declared that they would blow up the plane if Israel did not release hundreds of Palestinians serving prison terms for charges of terrorism. When a group of teenagers receive an invite to download the latest smartphone app, an intelligent personal assistant, they expect a harmless way to get directions and restaurant recommendations. But the sinister nature of the app soon reveals itself, tormenting the friends by tapping into their darkest fears. When young Tommi goes missing during a festival in the Dolomites in 2010, his parents are devastated. Five years later, a boy is found with no name or records; DNA tests prove it is Tommi. But while Tommi's father Manuel welcomes him back with open arms, his mother Linda is not convinced that it is her son. Suspicion and superstition permeate the pores of this eerie mystery thriller. When Rachel's husband disappears, the police have one suspect: her. While trying to prove her innocence, she uncovers many secrets about the man she married. It is a late night and raining hard when suddenly a strange woman, wearing only lingerie, runs into a man, fishing at the lake, and asks him for help. Soon the man finds out that the woman is a mute then agrees to follow her. The woman brings the man to a hillock where her husband is tied up and bleeding, screaming to save his life in a large bag. Three friends from California are filming an audition tape for an extreme reality game show. They document their journey to Australia where they will be doing their most dangerous activity.... Shark Cage Diving. A catastrophic turn of events leaves them in baited water full of Great White Sharks, turning their recording into a blood chilling diary of survival... and death. Will Hunting has a genius-level IQ but chooses to work as a janitor at MIT. When he solves a difficult graduate-level math problem, his talents are discovered by Professor Gerald Lambeau, who decides to help the misguided youth reach his potential. When Will is arrested for attacking a police officer, Professor Lambeau makes a deal to get leniency for him if he will get treatment from therapist Sean Maguire.  Returning to his homeland after years of slavery, a Norman prince seeks revenge on his father's  murderer - his ruthless uncle, Earl Durant. Gaining the trust of a band of exiled farmers, he leads them into battle against Durant, exploiting them in his inexorable quest for vengeance. As one by one they are slaughtered in the brutal battle, will the prince sacrifice everything an everyone to fulfil his quest for blood? A private investigator reads a book of sinister origins and unknowingly puts his daughter and himself in a fight for their lives...and their eternal souls. Asurakulam is an upcoming Indian Tamil action thriller film produced by Saravanan Ganesan and Vembaiyan Velayutham and directed by Vignesh Menon. The film features Shabarish and Vidya Pradeep in the leading roles, C.sathya composes the film's music  An FBI-trained neuropsychologist teams up with a thief to find a reality-altering device while her insane ex-boss unleashes bizarre traps to stop her. Eight aspiring actresses are thrown together in a house to compete for title of Scream Queen. Little do they or the crew know that the house is haunted by a ghost seeking revenge. Who will live, who will die in this horror comedy that pokes fun at both reality shows and horror A mother concerned about her young son's disturbing behavior thinks something supernatural may be affecting him. When a love story goes awry, two young lovers are forced to take to the road with the police hot on their heels. They escape across Karnataka in a roller-coaster ride that is at once enthralling, exasperating and nail-biting. History unfolds many truths. The more we dig in, the more we come to know about the realities of the past. But sometimes, some truths remain hidden and unventured. It is our wisdom and sixth sense with which we discover those hidden truths. The history of Kohinoor is one such example. Is the Kohinoor we know truly the Babur's stone? The hard facts of past strongly raises this question. What if the original Babur's stone is in our city of joy? When the body of a drifter is discovered the same day a photographer arrives in a small farming community, the local sheriff is left to piece together a string of events that don't quite add up. A deaf woman is stalked by a psychotic killer in her secluded home. To cover up his infidelities and protect his upcoming marriage, a star advertiser helps free an accused rapist by giving a false alibi and suffers the brutal revenge of the victim. When Shaggy inherits an old Southern estate from an uncle, he and his sleuthing hounds take a road trip. But they don't even make it to the mansion before the haunting starts. Amid headless horsemen, walking skeletons, and a menacing butler, Scooby, Scrappy, and Shaggy get majorly spooked. An aging hippie sets out on a trip across America to find his family. The story revolves around an easy, happy go lucky girl Needhi Singh (Kulraj Randhawa), until a day that will change her life, forever. She becomes a rebel. A friendship started in childhood in Thessaloniki firstly turned into being comrade in arms and then a half-century brotherhood and fraternity following the same ideals until the death upon proclamation of the Republic; Ataturk &amp; Salih Bozok Veda Ataturk (The Farewell Ataturk) is the story of a brotherhood, portrayal of milestones in Ataturk's life and the story of a commander commanding a generation that challenged the death to save the homeland. High school music teacher Beth Landon puts herself on the line when she invites world-famous country singer Jason Keith to perform at her rural town's Strawberry Festival. A one-hit wonder with a horrible rep for cancelling shows and copping an attitude, Jason isn't what Beth's mother, Eileen, considers a reliable musical act for the beloved festival, which she is proudly hosting with her good friend Ruth. Beth, reigning as Strawberry Queen, attempts to stick up for her favorite singer, but when she finally meets Jason face-to-face, it becomes obvious it won't be easy. But behind Jason's rock star image, he's hiding a secret about his past that could turn his tanking career around. Along with his manager Ray, Beth convinces Jason the festival gig is a great way to revitalize his career and win back his audience appeal. As Jason spends more time with Beth, his attitude starts to fade as they each encourage the other to realize their deepest dreams as talented musicians. 21 died in the explosion in the kings bay-accident in Ny-Alesund in Spitsbergen i 1962. The accident led to the fall of the Norwegian labor party government ruling since WW2. Was this really an accident, and was it under Norwegian control? When six friends fly off on a weekend getaway and are suddenly plagued by engine trouble, they're forced to land on a remote island. Looking for shelter, they're grateful to encounter Ma and Pa and their children - an eccentric family living in the island's backwoods. But what begins as simple hospitality turns into a terrifying race for survival as the friends start disappearing one by one ... and turning up dead. Like many 9-year-old boys, Eli Braverman believes something menacing lives in his basement. When his older sister leaves him home alone one night, Eli discovers if this evil is real or all in his head. What Eli confronts may end up being far more terrifying than even his worst nightmare. A comic book storekeeper, Dae-man, and the legendary homicide detective, Tae-su, who met on previous case quit their jobs to open a private detective agency. Desperate to repay his debt to his ex-wife, an ex-con plots a heist at his new employer's country home, unaware that a second criminal has also targeted the property, and rigged it with a series of deadly traps. The film follows Nello, the recently hired director of a newly developed work cooperative of former mental patients. After the closure of state psychiatric hospitals and asylums in Italy under the Basaglia Law many former patients were left with few resources and little hope of reintegrating into society. With the intention of actually improving the lives of his pupils, rather than just sedating them, Nello encourages them to expand their individual abilities and explore the wider world around them although, regardless of intention, there is sometimes a price to pushing boundaries too quickly. In the final days of WWI a shell-shocked soldier must lead a mission deep beneath the trenches to stop a German plot that could turn the tide of the war. Incontrol follows a group of university students who discover a device that allows them to take control of others, and experience the world through someone else. As they push the machine's abilities to its limits, they begin to question the device itself. Heather is a shy lady who works in a helpline call centre. When she receives a phone call from a mystery man, she has no idea that the encounter will change her life forever. Five people get murdered in Malaysia and the cop who investigates the crime finds out that they have a common Facebook friend -- Asha Black. Meanwhile, a young man from India comes to the country to meet Asha, after she befriends him on Facebook. Ace assassin Frank Kitchen is double crossed by gangsters and falls into the hands of rogue surgeon known as The Doctor who turns him into a woman. The hitman, now a hitwoman, sets out for revenge, aided by a nurse named Johnnie who also has secrets. This spy thriller pits veteran-turned-artist, Daniel Cliff, against US intelligence, and secrets from his past lead to hellish journey of lies, betrayal, and government retribution. A deserted old house which is surrounded by ghosts in an old city suddenly terrorizes a town with strange deaths, slowly revealing startling sinister events that occurred five years ago... "Child of the Necromancer mask" is the theme of China's first surreal horror thriller combined with China's oldest and most cruel death curse legend... Girls are killed at a college. A woman psychologist, who specialises in research about twins, is haunted by her dead mothers ghost. Drawn from a never before seen cache of personal footage spanning decades, this is an intimate portrait of the Sri Lankan artist and musician who continues to shatter conventions. End of World War II, 1945. Lore leads her four younger siblings across a war-torn Germany. Amidst the chaos, she encounters Thomas, a mysterious refugee, who shatters her fragile reality with hatred and desire. To live, she must trust someone she does not know and face the darkness within herself. A post-apocalyptic tale, in which a lone man fights his way across America in order to protect a sacred book that holds the secrets to saving humankind. A straight-edged teacher finds trouble when an honors student is willing to do anything to get an A. A woman awakens from a coma after a car accident and begins having shocking visions of her future murder. It's a race against the clock as she tries to solve and prevent her own murder. Samuel Salomon, a literature professor, has been off work for almost a year after the tragic death of his girlfriend. Samuel has been suffering from a recurring nightmare in which a woman is brutally murdered in a strange ritual. Suddenly, the same woman who appears every night in his dreams is found dead in exactly the same circumstances. Samuel sneaks into the crime scene and there he meets Rachel who has also dreamed about the murder. Together, they will do whatever they can to discover the identity of the mystery woman, entering a terrifying world controlled by the figures who have inspired artists throughout time: the Muses. At 2:46 PM on March 11, 2011, the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant experiences a black out due to the aftermath of the Tohoku earthquake and tsunami. The cooling system fails at the nuclear power plant and the temperature of the nuclear reactor rises. The worst case is coming.  Scientists face an unexpected situation and government officials are confused by lack of information. Residents says goodbye to their hometown before evacuating. The Dwarves, Bilbo and Gandalf have successfully escaped the Misty Mountains, and Bilbo has gained the One Ring. They all continue their journey to get their gold back from the Dragon, Smaug. The screenplay centers on the 17-year-old blogger Karl who spends most of his time gathering images and videos for his blog "The Language of Many Others". Life suddenly seems to have a purpose when he falls in love in with fellow student Doro, but he suffers crushing disappointment when she drops him. Disillusioned, Karl lets his life increasingly be controlled by his "followers" in a dangerous game between life and death. No overview found. A brilliant CIA trainee must prove his worth at the Farm, the agency's secret training grounds, where he learns to watch his back and trust no one. A man consumed by vengeance realizes the futility of his quest. A father and his two teenage sons travel to a small mountain cabin for a male bonding adventure. When a lost tourist arrives at the cabin, their male-bonding outing turns into a struggle for survival. Jang-woo had only his sister to live for until she is brutally murdered. During a ritual to send her spirit to heaven, he comes  across a suspicious man, who manages to escape from the scene. He begins to suspect a local pharmacist and keeps an eye on  him. Although Jang-woo is absolutely convinced that the pharmacist is the killer, no one believes him because the pharmacist is  considered the kindest man in town. But he gets help from a possessed woman named Si-eun who foresees how people die. Their  pursuit begins and Si-eun predicts yet another murder. Chris and his girlfriend Rose go upstate to visit her parents for the weekend. At first, Chris reads the family's overly accommodating behavior as nervous attempts to deal with their daughter's interracial relationship, but as the weekend progresses, a series of increasingly disturbing discoveries lead him to a truth that he never could have imagined. Two women use seduction to steal from straying men. But when they discover one of their victims hiding millions in diamonds, the score of their lives becomes a run for their lives. Maggie (Nikki Fritz) takes matters (among other things) into her hands when her boyfriend gets in over his head with gambling debts. She agrees to be Carl the gangster's sex slave (more or less) for a week. Things get complicated when Carl's personal assistant/undercover agent blackmails Maggie into getting the goods on him. A young nurse takes care of elderly author who lives in a haunted house. The central question of this film is whether the perpetrators of gender violence will get their comeuppance. A man is tranquilized on the street numb and finds himself tied up in empty room. But what is that thing coming down? When she's deported to Mexico, Claudia must choose between reconciling with her estranged father or partnering with a dangerous smuggler to return to the U.S. Lulek, a hit man, is released from prison and given an offer he can't refuse by the man who put him away. If he kills the chief of the Central Bureau of Investigations, he will earn a huge sum of money and have his record cleared so he can leave. Believing they have left behind shadowy figures from their past, newlyweds Christian and Ana fully embrace an inextricable connection and shared life of luxury. But just as she steps into her role as Mrs. Grey and he relaxes into an unfamiliar stability, new threats could jeopardize their happy ending before it even begins. A young women is raped while on her way home. When she is rejected by the police, because they don't believe her, she sets out revenge. But not only on her rapist, but also the police and everybody who did not believe her. While shooting her new film in New York City, a director begins questioning the origin of impulsion. As the shoot begins to fall apart, with her lead actor unable to complete the project, this hybrid film between documentary and fiction takes viewers on an unexpected and compelling journey.  Sherry Graham, a self-destructive makeup saleswoman, hopes a new man and business venture will provide her a fresh start. After her plans are foiled, she takes control of her life in a dramatic turn of events. A couple inherits their family's ancient Italian palazzo where sinister shadows from the past reappear. Jeremy Rodock is a tough horse rancher who strings up rustlers soon as look at them. Fresh out of Pennsylvania, Steve Miller finds it hard to get used to Rodock's ways, although he takes an immediate shine to his Greek girl Jocasta. A tale about a happily married couple who would like to have children. Tracy teaches infants, Andy's a college professor. Things are never the same after she is taken to hospital and operated upon by Jed, a "know all" doctor. In a social context deteriorated by a countrywide economic crisis, the life of several people will be turned upside down after they meet Cecile, a character who symbolizes desire. A Senate investigation into the President's newly-nominated Secretary of State gives light to a secret from the past, which may not only ruin the candidate, but the President's character as well. The film is conceived as a video game where every link in society, from the highest to the lowest has its role in creating the perfect vision of fraud, not knowing who cheats, and who is deceived. Every year, Goa, one of the biggest party and holiday hosts to the world, welcomes infinite number of tourists. Most of them go back once the season gets over. Few choose to stay back, digging deeper into the traces of a hippie hangover, or trying to search oneself through the incandescent, colorful, trippy shores of Goa. And a few yet, get in so deep at the wrong end of paradise, that they are lost forever, in the same place, but in a whole different world altogether. The film takes one such real-life character - Roy - through a plethora of happenings, phenomena, legends, myths, sights, sounds, experiences and thrilling stories of the fabled Goan paradise. What happens to the protagonist through the bitter-sweet, darkly funny, crazy, trippy journey and what comes along at the end of it, weaves the half-fictitious/half-real story of our film - CandyFlip. Recovering addict Will Parker experiments with 'Z', a black-market sleeping serum, in order to cure his insomnia. Instead, the drug sends Will's consciousness one day into the future, where he's the prime suspect in the disappearance of a young girl he hasn't even met - yet. Michel, a psycho-analyst, falls asleep while listening to his patient Olga, a kleptomaniac and a sexual pervert, tell him how she likes her husband beating her. When he wakes up, he finds Olga having been choked to death. He now has to deal with a body, with Olga's rich husband who thinks she stole money from him, and with all his patients' insanity that haunts him.  A look at the life of Cecil Gaines who served eight presidents as the White House's head butler from 1952 to 1986, and had a unique front-row seat as political and racial history was made. Chasing The Dragon II: Wild Wild Bunch is based on a real-life spate of kidnappings that terrorised Hong Kong's elite in the 1990's. Tony Leung Ka-fai plays the kidnap kingpin, while Louis Koo is the undercover agent who infiltrates his gang. A rich but unscrupulous old woman plots with a scientist to have her brain implanted in the skull of a sexy young woman. 1840 and another ship crashes on the rocks of an almost deserted island in Scotland. Three sailors survive the wreck and make it to shore where the few locals take them in as they wait for the mainland boat to come for them. But the sailors' survival story has only just started as they uncover the strange past of the once vibrant island. Four very retired, ex-GDR spies, or "Kundschafter des Friedens" as they were officially named, led by the once legendary Jochen Falk, are called on by the German government. Their mission is to rescue the interim president of the divided Republic of Katschekistan, who has been kidnapped by separatists, along with Berlin's official man on the ground, Franz Kern. To keep Jochen and his maybe no longer so crack team under control, all of whom are determined to prove they were treated unfairly by history, they are put under the command of the young and enthusiastic BND agent Paula Kern. A group of friends depart on a camping trip, but have no idea that they are the target of a twisted madman, set on tearing them apart. It should have been a simple murder. But a botched job, an old flame, and too many loose ends can spell just one thing for businessman Colin Wentworth: chaos! A story about a video of a group of people going hiking and a mysterious little girl in a red dress following them. A young man slowly loses himself more and more into a dream world and his own nightmares. But what if the dreams are real? When a systems engineer blows the whistle on a dangerous technology, Charlie's Angels from across the globe are called into action, putting their lives on the line to protect society. A famous actress has been trapped in the limo should take her to the gala which would collect an award for his career. The crystals are tinted black, the doors are locked and a strange voice lets you clear that if you do not want to spend more unpleasant things than strictly necessary, for the rest of the night will fulfill all his orders.  It's time, THE SHOW BEGINS ... When two female friends decide to try their hand at a storage locker auction, they unwittingly inherit a locker belonging to a dangerous serial killer. They soon find themselves in a desperate race to uncover the truth about the locker before the killer tracks them down. A college professor travels to New York City to attend a conference and finds a young couple living in his apartment. An affectionate and refreshing East/West-Germany comedy about a boy who's mother was in a coma while the Berlin wall fell and when she wakes up he must try to keep her from learning what happen (since she was an avid communist supporter) to avoid shocking her which could lead to another heart attack. A botched robbery indicates a police informant, and the pressure mounts in the aftermath at a warehouse. Crime begets violence as the survivors -- veteran Mr. White, newcomer Mr. Orange, psychopathic parolee Mr. Blonde, bickering weasel Mr. Pink and Nice Guy Eddie -- unravel. When Luna's family is killed in cold blood on a mountain vacation, she barely escapes, and has to discover she's been living a lie: her dad was a Russian secret agent, and her family was just a front. Luna has the opportunity to flee the country. But first she wants revenge. In 1901, Marcela Gracia Ibeas took on the identity of Mario Sanchez to marry her lover of fifteen years, Elisa Sanchez Loriga. A student on a trip to France is tricked into smuggling secrets across the Iron curtain by a sexy spy. On the night that Jasper Jones, the town's mixed race outcast shows him the dead body of young Laura Wishart, Charlie's life is changed forever. Entrusted with this secret and believing Jasper to be innocent, Charlie embarks on a dangerous journey to find the true killer. Set over the scorching summer holidays of 1965, Charlie defeats the local racists, faces the breakup of his parents and falls head over heels in love as he discovers what it means to be truly courageous.  After the accidental death of her rapist, an art student becomes an unlikely vigilante, set out to avenge college girls whose rapists were not charged. Sujata, a Software Engineer, is out to kill Koti, a Serial Rapist.  In a stagecoach stop far away in the Wild West the unexpected visit of a man called 'Colonel', will change their peaceful lives . A dark and gritty film by Arius Blaze. Daemon (Jeffrey Arrington) finds himself in limbo in an old decaying apartment building.The only way out is through an obsession with the written word and a dark muse named Teles (Stephanie Leet). As he falls deeper and opens new doors he finds himself lost in his own story; a labyrinth of illusions and history which forever devours a part of him. The written word climbs into his pores and consumes his body, leaving only a shell of a man who's story in undeveloped. Only Alexa (Alysse Fozmark) really knows what's on the missing pages of his work and can lead him to the last door he ever needs to open. Subramanyam, a businessman, is on his deathbed when he tells his sons about a cunning man who stole most of his wealth. Hearing this, Abhiram, the youngest son, lays out a plan to seek his revenge. Four friends prank a Cabin in the Woods nightmare on their friend's honeymoon so well that it actually becomes The Cabin in the Woods horror in real life. Loosely based on the notorious Richard Speck murders, this is the grim tale of a disturbed Vietnam vet returning home via Belfast, who invades a house shared by eight nurses and proceeds to terrorize and murder them. A parody of film genres composed of three shorts, spoofing personal growth films, glossy soap operas, and police stories. A lone scientist maintains an underground bunker for the coming global nuclear disaster. But after becoming prematurely isolated, he slowly begins to question his own reality and whether he is truly alone. Director Richard Mundy's immersive psychological thriller, is a tense and unsettling nightmare you'll never be sure you've woken up from. 5 persons on a yacht are killed one by one by a serial killer. Lucifer Rising is a short film by director Kenneth Anger. The film was completed in 1972 and starred British singer Marianne Faithfull, but only widely distributed in 1980. The film's soundtrack was composed by Bobby Beausoleil. Trapped in an apartment and surrounded by ghosts that are always just out of sight, Lorraine must confront her greatest fears. An immortal blues musician terrorizes childhood sweethearts reunited over the Thanksgiving holiday. Adrian and Esteban have been missing for a year. The police are at a standstill, despite having found their personal belongings in Cozumel, an island 12 miles away from the Riviera Maya. Alex friend of both, manages to get their cell phones, with which he will start his own parallel research. And he will discover that the truth is much more terrifying than you could imagine. Marked by losses and mismatches, Jose's eccentric family seek to be happy while locked in Paraiso Perdido, a nightclub that has stopped in time, where they sing popular romantic music.  Philipose, a nature enthusiast, along with his friends, try to save a tribal village from businessmen, who plan to convert it to an industrial area. A single mother and her young daughter struggle to make ends meet until they inherit their family's farmhouse. When a business rival covets their water rights, the situation spirals out of control. Veras Mantle is about a successful author who suffers from agoraphobia and can't leave her house. When she is threatened by a sinister fan, Vera comes gradually behind the secret of her illness. The story centers around a group of friends (and girlfriends) who have been playing football together for over 10 years, and who are now getting everything ready for their 500th match. A paranormal-obsessed man mounts his own investigation into the beyond with his depressed best friend, misfit nephew, a cable access medium and an overeager security guard. When his mother commits suicide, Tom Redding discovers he has a long lost sister that cannot move or talk. Together they travel to their dead mother's isolated home, where Tom hopes to document her illness, only to be driven to the brink of madness by a supernatural evil. Adam, a lonely man with Asperger's Syndrome, develops a relationship with his upstairs neighbor, Beth. A young man trying to solve the puzzle of his father's last moments rattles the life of a quiet town and unburies unwanted truths. His compulsive quest becomes a downward spiral of love, lust and lies. A mother must protect her family on Christmas Day from a demented stranger who is hell bent on tearing them apart. 16-year-old Kelly quits an elite gymnastics program and moves to Australia. To help out a new friend and show up an old rival she re-enters competitive gymnastics, she'll have to find a way to move forward while making amends with her past. A doctor's daughter is kidnapped and buried alive, and he is given just five hours to find and rescue her.  A young man is in a race against time as he searches for a cure after becoming infected with a virus that will eventually turn him into a blood-sucking vampire. After being a victim of rape within their own home, Diana chooses to keep the trauma secret. Mario, her husband, also has something to hide. The silence takes the couple's account over the day turns gradually into a peculiar form of violence. Meet Etta Milford. Loving Wife. Doting Mother. Armed Robber. Etta's husband constantly blows their money on make-shift inventions. When she decides to secretly take "investment" matters into her own hands - things quickly go awry! With their savings gone, her husband suspicious, and their children out of control, Etta concocts a scheme to get back their money and save her family. Vanitas is the new feature film by veteran Portuguese director Paulo Rocha. With a script by Regina Guimaraes, the film brings together actresses Isabel Ruth and Joana Barcia - no strangers to this director's world - in a story about a depressed fashion designer who falls in love with the daughter of one her tailors. A restaurant owner going over the edge when an armed robbery is attempted at his establishment. He holds everyone captive at gunpoint - criminals and customers alike - and situations corrode into a nightmare state, guided by manipulation and raw compulsion. Dreamy college student Uma has a unique connection to the world around her. She can sense people's thoughts as she navigates the urban jungle of New York City. However, when she begins receiving a series of bizarre and threatening messages from a mysterious character, "Red Rabbit," she loses track of what's real and what isn't. A skilled car driver takes on an assignment to deliver a 'package' from Chennai to Uttarkhand. What he doesn't realize is that the young woman who is travelling along with him is the 'package'. What is the mystery around her? Mobilizing working-class transgender hairdressers and beauty queens, the dynamic leaders of the world's only LGBT political party wage a historic quest to elect a trans woman to the Philippine Congress. The Dalton gang is riding again, forcing a retired gunman to use his weapons once more. In a small New Mexico town, a 17-year-old high school girl who just got her driver's license gets into her first Fender Bender, innocently exchanging her personal information with an apologetic stranger.  Later that stormy night, she is joined in her desolate suburban home by a couple of her school friends who try their best to make a night out of it, only to be visited by the stranger she so willingly handed all of her information to -- a terrifying and bizarre serial killer who stalks the country's endless miles of roads and streets with his old rusty car, hungrily searching for his next unsuspecting victim. Nuclear tests in the desert result in the growth of gigantic mutant ants who menace cities in the American south-west as a team of investigators and the army search for a way to control their spread in this Cold War-era monster film. A horrid crime was committed at a wedding reception and bridesmaid Chi Ching was the lone eyewitness. At the police station, she recognised the suspect, Suen Ling, in a line up. She also discovered the affair between this stranger and her lover. All of a sudden the emotional turmoil surrounding her chronic illness resurfaced and quickly grew beyond control. After a near death experience, a man becomes a born again Christian; when he wants to sell a memoir based on his rebirth, an ex girlfriend threatens to expose a damning secret; he must decide to take action, or just pray she doesn't tell. In this MGM Crime Does Not Pay series short, a young man graduates from the police academy at the top of his class. He then teams up with some local thieves and uses his knowledge of police procedures to pursue a career of undetected crime. An experimental narrative musical short film that combines personal narrative with nature cinematography and classical music. Kara is an emotional story about an Android that is self conscious. A man is out for justice after a group of corrupt police officers are unable to catch his wife's killer. A Psychiatrist struggles to defeat superstition and old beliefs when a disgraced traditional healer threatens to tear his world apart. Long take uncut about ANA's life, who is recently divorced and has a daughter, ANA has started a relationship but she want anybody knows about it. That morning Ana received a call saying her daughter is call and she must to pick her at school, but at school no one knows where his daughter is. There she received a unknown call from the kidnapper who has her daughter and they begin to blackmail her. If she wants her daughter back, she must to do anything and gradually she become isolated. Finally ANA is face to face with the kidnapper. Although Alexia, Franco's ex-girlfriend, has been deceased for some time, Franco still has her as a contact on his social network. When he decides to delete her and move on, something strange starts to manifest through his computer. A story of pure love in dirty conditions. A film adaptation of D.H. Lawrence's novel. After a crippling injury leaves her husband impotent, Lady Chatterly is torn between her love for her husband and her physical desires. With her husband's consent, she seeks out other means of fulfilling her needs. Beginning of January 2011, during the Tunisian revolution, Mohamed, a political prisoner, escapes from jail and returns to his native town Thala. He finds it in the midst of a revolt. He has only one goal: to find his fiancee Hourya. Mohamed is helped in his flight by Belgacem a coalman and former agent of the regime who is hoping to be redeemed. He hides Mohamed in his garage. On the night of January 9th, Mohamed witnesses yet another slaughter. As he carries the dead body of a young man to hospital, a young protestor films him on his cell phone and the video is uploaded on Facebook. Meanwhile, we discover Hourya who lives with her husband, Adel, a quiet man who has accepted her past but forbids her of taking part in any political activity. Hourya who was raped in prison after Mohamed's arrest, believes that Mohamed has died under torture and to save her own life, she accepted to get married to Adel whom she does not love. Several years after the tragic death of their little girl, a doll maker and his wife welcome a nun and several girls from a shuttered orphanage into their home, soon becoming the target of the doll maker's possessed creation--Annabelle. Two FBI agents pursue members of a radical hacker collective after they steal a powerful cyber-weapon. Two sisters are trapped under the fiberglass cover of an Olympic sized public pool and must brave the cold and each other to survive the harrowing night. Riley, a cryptozoology fanatic, and her Sister Rebecca want to increase the popularity of their conspiracy channel. They decide to hire a local controversial hunter to aid them in the search of a supposed werewolf roaming the forest of their little town. They find the secret of the Panteon Woods but never return. The teacher Antek Liebmann moves to the French countryside to leave his former life in Germany behind. He soon gets a job and finds himself in a new relationship... A girl and her mother escape to suburban safety after a home invasion scares them out of the city, but they're soon menaced by a sinister figure. A young man washes ashore, his memory gone - but his past comes back to haunt him after he is nursed back to health and his killing ability is needed when he takes on a powerful drug lord. Sasha is stalking a man. They seem to have a common past, which Sasha can't let go. This leads her into dark territory. For he is an uncompromising photographer, who is obsessively trying to get an exhibition in a gallery. His theme is fear - and to capture this in its perfection, he puts women into shock situations in his photo shoots. In the process, reality and production become blurred, and the models pay the price. One day he turns up at Sasha's door - A dark cocktail of passion and obsession, portraying the borderline facets of photography. In this drama, a 50-year-old married man (played by John Halliday) goes with his wife (Belle Bennett) and son (Junior Durkin) to a nightclub in a fancy hotel in Detroit. He meets a gold-digger (Dorothy Burgess) there, singing the theme song of the picture, and eventually ends up going out with her on a subsequent occasion and falls in love with her. His wife finally finds out and this leads to her leaving him and getting a divorce in Paris. He is married to the gold-digger but finds life with her and her "jazz friends" to be too much for him. He begins to long for his old wife when he finds her in a nightclub with another man and becomes jealous. WWE Superstars clash year-round with championships, glory, and personal pride on the line. But only 25 rivalries can be considered the greatest in sports entertainment history. Now for the first time ever, WWE counts down the most intense rivalries of all time. With each segment narrated by a different WWE or mainstream personality, each rivalry takes on a life of its own as WWE fans get an inside, never-before-seen perspective on their favorite showdowns. From the grudges born from equal pursuit of a common goal to those where the animosity crosses personal boundaries, all the timeless conflicts in the history of WWE, WCW, NWA, ECW and more are presented. Featuring Cena vs. Edge, Stone Cold vs. Mr. McMahon, Ric Flair vs. Ricky Steamboat and many more, this controversial countdown is sure to be dissected and debated by fans of all eras. Plus, special features include over 5 hours of bonus matches highlighting the rivalries presented in the countdown. Ann, a young woman with outrageously advanced ideas, has been living in sin with Dick, her lover, because of her conviction that marriage would destroy their love; but social pressure ends up paying off, so Ann and Dick get married. A modern and unrelentingly tense psychological thriller based on a theory of the origins of shortwave radio frequencies, Shortwave is an unnerving reminder that some stones are best left unturned. Alkis is an introverted photographer with a disorder of personality. Despite the strong relationship he has developed with his mother, he reaches in despair due to the tension that exists between her and his alcoholic father. As a consequence, he decides to leave the family home and move to his own place. A journalistic project he gets involved in will disturb his fragile personal balance with several parts of his current life being challenged. Trapped in a complex of contradictions, he will try to find the way that will redeem himself.  Giving new life to the mad scientist genre with a twist! Join Big Biting Pig in taking their 9th feature film to a higher level! When the initial Cylon attack against the Twelve Colonies fails to achieve complete extermination of human life as planned, twin Number Ones (Cavils) embedded on Galactica and Caprica must improvise to destroy the human survivors. When DEA agents are taken captive by a ruthless South American kingpin, the Delta Force is reunited to rescue them in this sequel to the 1986 film. Street-smart exorcist Fatt has an unique method of dealing with vengeful spirits: He negotiates with them and persuades them to let go of their grudges. After recordings of his exorcisms go viral, Fatt attracts the attentions of a murderous spirit who's targeting mediums, as well as a troublesome reporter who takes great interest in Fatt and his close relationship with a female spirit. Azap is a Turkish cinema film directed by Turkan Soray A senior cop and his team of two are after a serial killer who is giving them nightmares. Shocked after finding who the next possible victim is going to be, the cop tracks down the assassin with the help of various clues. An opportunist short filmmaker takes his unsuspecting girlfriend to an out-of-city bungalow with the wrong intention, but runs into a ghost who cannot tolerate promiscuous men. Six strangers find themselves in circumstances beyond their control, and must use their wits to survive. A young woman is committed to a psychiatric hospital and claims her newborn was stolen by a dark cult. When two youngsters meet and fall for each other, they must go on the run from the girl's corrupt father, who is also the sheriff of the town. Suburban Cowboy follows a drug dealer on Long Island who finds himself over his head when one of his soldiers robs a connection to ruthless Serbian gangsters. When the debt falls on his shoulders he is forced to take drastic measures. A blind musician hears a murder committed in the apartment upstairs from hers that sends her down a dark path into London's gritty criminal underworld. Angela rents a room in the house of an African American woman, who offers services of witchcraft. After her arrival, paranormal activities begin to happen, causing her to experience intense situations full of intrigues. Convinced that there are evil entities in the house, Angela decides to move, but evil chases her wherever she goes, leading her to an unexpected outcome. Bollywood version of The Champ. Dara Singh stars as a washed up wrestling champ with a drinking and gambling problem trying to raise his son Sunny. Complications arise when Sunny discovers that his mother is still alive, after having been led to believe that she had died many years ago. A couple on the run battle to save their daughter from possession by a demon. Vamsi Krishna suffers from ADHD and therefore suffers miserably at school life. Due to his lack of performance in class and deviltry issues, he is constantly nagged by his parents. His studding mother Pooja spends time over his betterment but couldn't comply with the difficulties of coping with a ADHD child since she has no clue what Bunny aka. Vamsi was going through. One fine day, parents decide to send him to boarding, thinking this to be the only viable option available for his improvement. And that's where Bunny starts getting abnormal and starts getting connected to Diya. Who is Diya? Why did Parents consult a Psychiatrist Geetha? What happens next forms the rest of the story line. Cars fly, trees fight back, and a mysterious house-elf comes to warn Harry Potter at the start of his second year at Hogwarts. Adventure and danger await when bloody writing on a wall announces: The Chamber Of Secrets Has Been Opened. To save Hogwarts will require all of Harry, Ron and Hermione's magical abilities and courage. Miles Monroe, a clarinet-playing health food store proprietor, is revived out of cryostasis 200 years into a future world in order to help rebels fight an oppressive government regime. Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. Dr. Louis Creed and his wife, Rachel, move from Boston to Ludlow, in rural Maine, with their two young children. Hidden in the woods near the new family home, Ellie, their eldest daughter, discovers a mysterious cemetery where the pets of community members are buried. Twin sister librarians Nan and Ana plan revenge when their author mother commits suicide, with her final words suggesting her biographer murdered her. Like some other kids, 12-year-old Trevor McKinney believed in the goodness of human nature. Like many other kids, he was determined to change the world for the better. Unlike most other kids, he succeeded. An eccentric mountain man on the run from the local sheriff recalls the mysterious events that brought him to his present fugitive state.  Sylvester Cat must catch mice or lose his happy home. When he can't find a mouse inside, he searches out of doors and comes upon one meek, little mouse who agrees under duress to be Sylvester's one rodent to catch and rough up again and again in front of his masters. But it isn't long before the mouse realizes Sylvester needs him alive and decides to stop being Sylvester's stooge. When jobless Tommy Collins discovers that sequestered jurors earn free room and board as well as $5-a-day, he gets himself assigned to a jury in a murder trial. Once there, he does everything he can to prolong the trial and deliberations and make the sequestration more comfortable for himself. Two doctors find their graveyard shift inundated with townspeople ravaged by sores. Among the wounded is Cherry, a dancer whose leg was ripped from her body. As the invalids quickly become enraged aggressors, Cherry and her ex-boyfriend Wray lead a team of accidental warriors into the night. After Brooke and her boyfriend Lance have a car accident, Lance's leg injury requires him to be bedridden with at-home care. When an attractive nurse, Chloe, is recommended to them, she seems perfect for the task. However, when her troubled past comes to light, it becomes apparent to the happy couple that someone is out to destroy their lives. A group of wealthy boys in Los Angeles during the early 1980s establishes a get rich quick scam that turns deadly. A zealous vigilante looking to clean the Internet of sin targets a group of teens that broadcast misadventures on their chatroom. After a fifteen-year-old is brutally beaten up by High School bullies, his wish for revenge unknowingly unleashes the Terror of Halloween. After a teenage girl is found murdered in a California town, a young woman is forced to prove her brother is innocent of the crime, discovering a disturbing dark side to the community. This unique, neo-noir mystery follows Alex, an out-of-town journalist with a destroyed reputation, as she struggles to write an article on a paranoid shredder salesman. When the salesman appears uncooperative, Alex hires a private investigator to dig into his past in hopes of finding the story she so desperately needs. However, the salesman has an unexpected change of heart and offers to teach her about his business, while dragging her into the dangerous world of secrets and the machines that keep them safe. A couple, secretly on the verge of announcing plans to divorce, reluctantly depart for a second honeymoon after their family surprises them with a tropical trip as a gift for their 20th wedding anniversary.  In 1932, a prisoner escapes from a women's prison in northern China. Inspector Song Donglu is summoned to investigate the escape. Gritty independent action/thriller set in Manchester, UK starring Michael L. Knight. After a traumatic experience, Chris comes home to confront his past. but soon finds himself prey to a Demon who taunts him through sleep paralysis. Performing Live and In Concert from Harlem. 90 minutes of hard-hitting, beat-banding hip-hop with Cam'rom, Juelz Santana and Jim Jones of the Harlem Diplomats, plus some of Roc-A-Fella's finest, including State Property featuring Beanie Sigel and Peedi Crakk, Memphis Bleek and a special knowledge-dropping interview segment with Damon Dash and DJ Clue. Hosted by Doug E. Fresh.This is live, uncut and unadulterated! Cara Rudland thought she'd left her Southern roots and troubled family far behind, but returns to the scenic Lowcountry of her childhood summers after losing her job in Chicago. There, she reconnects with her mother Lovie, who has been caring for her young, pregnant friend Toy in her charming beach house. A demoted reporter (George Brent) and his girlfriend (Brenda Marshall) seek to expose a crime kingpin. A group of outlaws attempt to reveal their brothers killer from a neighboring gang after being set up during a bank heist. First there was Kidulthood then Adulthood now comes Noel Clarkes last installment brotherhood With Sam facing up to the new world he realizes it also comes with new problems and new challenges that he must face that he knows will require old friends to help him survive new dangers. When 4 American tourists - Sofia, Carl, Belle and Michael - go on a ghost tour, they get much more than they bargained for, when the ghosts of an evil Doctor and his last patient victim trap them in the old abandoned psychiatric ward. When the spirits of murdered children return to haunt detective David Grey, a man tormented by the lack of closure on their case, he sets off on a last ditch attempt to find the truth while the spirits begin to draw ever closer to his family. Former adult film star, Mila, is attacked by a misogynistic cult known as The Sword. She turns vigilante and puts a group of bad-ass girls together and seeks revenge.  14-year-old basketball phenom Terron Forte has to navigate the under-the-table world of amateur athletics when he is recruited to an elite NCAA prep school. Joey (Ethan Embry, Can't Hardly Wait) is a successful day trader at a high-end brokerage house, he has a beautiful fiancee and a home on the beach. He has it all and a lot to lose. Now the gambling addiction that has plagued him for years has him on the run and he must put everything on the line...including his life. During his entire existence, art teacher Benavidez has been living in the shadow of his formidable father, a famous artist who constantly reminded his son of his lack of talent and vision. Even more painful is that the love of his life, one of his ex-students, reveals herself to be a gifted artist. To some she's even considered to be the true successor to Benavidez's father. It's no wonder that this creates tensions and after a devastating lovers quarrel, Benavidez puts all his artworks into a big case and, having nowhere else to go, drags it to his shrink. The man specializes in treating creative spirits and even has an artist's colony in the basement of his huge mansion. As part of their therapy, his patients produce artworks that get sold for lucrative prizes at auctions organized by the psychiatrist himself. When he looks at what's inside the case of Benavidez, he realizes that the son has finally surpassed his father. Jakarta 2036. Alif, Lam and Mim are three friends from martial art school Al-Ikhlas. Alif chooses to become state apparatus. He is determined to eradicate all forms of crime and searching for the killers of his parents. Lam, becomes a journalist. While Mim chooses to serve as a teacher in their school. All three are reunited after the explosion of a bomb in a cafe. When timid bank clerk Stanley Ipkiss discovers a magical mask containing the spirit of the Norse god Loki, his entire life changes. While wearing the mask, Ipkiss becomes a supernatural playboy exuding charm and confidence which allows him to catch the eye of local nightclub singer Tina Carlyle. Unfortunately, under the mask's influence, Ipkiss also robs a bank, which angers junior crime lord Dorian Tyrell, whose goons get blamed for the heist. Germany in the not-too-distant future: The borders are closed, refugees are collected in camps and turned away or accepted. The mood is charged, a police detachment is responsible for keeping the crowd in check. Volt is one of the cops. He accidentally kills a French refugee. The violence spirals out of control. Volt starts up a relationship with the sister of the man he killed and winds up between the fronts. Sly and dry intelligence agent, Harry Palmer is tasked with investigating British Intelligence security, and is soon enmeshed in a world of double-dealing, kidnap and murder when he finds a traitor operating at the heart of the secret service. College assessor Miguev, returning home, finds a foundling at the porch. Having mistaken him for his son from the former maid Agnia, the frightened Miguev, in turn, is trying to toss the baby, but to no avail. Tired dad decides to confess to his wife Anna Filippovna, and, meanwhile, the true parents begin to search for their child left "for a second" at the threshold of a respectable house ... Jaime, a young and attractive male prostitute, arrives to a hotel room to earn what he believes will be easy money. But to his surprise the client has a different deal in mind... Soon, the situation will take a turn to the unexpected. Two assistant managers of a corporate grocery store vie for a coveted promotion. A story about Petar Maras, a Belgrade criminal in his late twenties, whose one reckless move causes an avalanche of events that will greatly affect the lives of those around him. Soon after moving in with her aging aunt Dora, Adele meets Beth, seductive and mysterious, who tests the limits of Adele's moral ground and sends her spiraling down a psychologically unstable and phantasmagoric path. On Jihwan's journey for his next novel, he encounters Hansung, his old friend and novel writer. Jihwan followed Hansung into a strange valley only to fail to catch Hansung, a place where he came across a black covered note. Jihwan refers the novel and mimic one. After that, revealing intricate connection between Hansung and Jihwan. When Emma Gardner, a whip smart NYC reporter learns of her father's untimely death, she returns to her home town to find that the idyllic farming community of her childhood has been ravaged by drought and has become a place tormented by gangs and the ill effects of extreme poverty. She quickly figures out that her dad's accidental death was not accidental at all. The lists of possible suspects include overly zealous environmentalists, a local war lord and other farmers jealous of her father's outstanding reputation. Okay ka, fairy ko movie sequel. A stranger arrives in a little village and soon after a mysterious sickness starts spreading. A policeman is drawn into the incident and is forced to solve the mystery in order to save his daughter. A socially awkward young man kidnaps an aspiring actress with the hope that they will fall in love. A psychosexual noir that explores power dynamics between men and women. Chilsung School is for troubled kids. One day, a strange and bleak mood surrounds the school. The teachers turn into zombies. The kids must struggle to stay alive. Before entering the witness protection program, bank robber Mikael demands 3 things from the police. 3 things that cast a whole new light on the robbery he and his partners have been jailed for. The lives of several couples and singles in New York intertwine over the course of New Year's Eve. Bypass Road is a 2019 Indian Hindi-language thriller-drama film directed by Naman Nitin Mukesh and written by Neil Nitin Mukesh. The film features Neil Nitin Mukesh, Adah Sharma and Shama Sikander in lead roles. The movie is produced by Neil Nitin Mukesh in association with Miraj Group. The film was released theatrically on 8 November 2019. Ben and Ashley come together 20 years after the murder of their parents to determine the cause of their parents' death. Ashley is troubled by the idea that the thing that took her parents' lives may not be finished with her family. An insane independent film director and his renegade group of teenage film makers kidnap an A-list Hollywood actress and force her to star in their underground film. Chaos reigns at the natural history museum when night watchman Larry Daley accidentally stirs up an ancient curse, awakening Attila the Hun, an army of gladiators, a Tyrannosaurus rex and other exhibits. A  young and ambitious woman's life suddenly comes crashing down when she is betrayed in love. Determined to get revenge she reinvents herself as a successful businesswoman. Fifteen deaf patients took part in an experimental clinical trail aimed at hearing restoration. Within days, fourteen of the fifteen participants in the trial become violently psychotic, ultimately taking their lives to stop violent side effects brought on by the treatment. This is the story of the sole survivor of the experiment, Patient #14 - Liza Raines, who participation in the experiment gave her super-normal hearing abilities - particularly, the ability to hear the frequency emitted by the brain when it thinks. When her life is suddenly thrown into jeopardy, Liza is forced to use her ability against those set on covering up the fact that she even existed Three low-life criminals attempt to rob an elderly dying woman's home, but her live-in nurse turns out to be much more trouble than they bargained for. A modern day adaptation of two of William Shakespeare's tragedies - Julius Caesar and Antony and Cleopatra. The lives of three upper class teenagers are turned upside down by an unexpected murder. A young man named Alfred acquires eternal life with the help from a mad scientist. 225 years later, Alfred now lives with the consequences of his past and has to face a new danger: someone else wants to obtain his ability. Chellammaa (Geetha), a singer, is wedded to a chauvinistic, sadistic industrialist named Prakash (Prakash Raj). She is unable to beget a child and hence is the target of hurting words from Prakash and his mother. When he prohibits her from singing, it is the last straw for her and they divorce. He marries Karpagam (Renuka), a doormat wife, while Chellammaa stays single, with a cook Kokila (newsreader Fathima Babu in her first movie appearance) around to help her. Kalki (Shruti) works in an ad agency and is relentlessly pursued by co-worker and model Paranjothi (Rahman) but she not only rejects him but debunks love and sentiments. Chellammaa becomes friends with Kalki after a few encounters and Kalki moves in as a paying guest. But she strikes up a friendship with Prakash and as the result of an affair with him, she ends up bearing his child. What happens of this leads up to the climax. Industrial Soundtrack For The Urban Decay traces the origins of Industrial music, taking you on a journey through the crumbling industrial cities of Europe to America's thriving avant-garde scene.  Featuring Throbbing Gristle, Cabaret Voltaire, NON, SPK, Test Dept, Clock DVA, Re/Search - V Vale, Z'EV, Click Click, Sordide Sentimental, Hula, The Klinik, Ant Zen, Orphx, In The Nursery and Prima Linea. The movie depicts the confrontation between younger brother Akira Miyamoto (Shunya Shiraishi) and older brother Atsushi Miyamoto (Ryohei Suzuki) on Higanjima. Two teenage boys cycle 160 km on stolen bikes pursued by police to find a missing bale of cocaine worth 7 million euro. Set around the real event of Ireland's biggest cocaine seizure in 2007 of 440 million euro. Germany in the early 1930s. Against the backdrop of the Nazis' rise, Hermann Hermann, a Russian emigre and chocolate magnate, goes slowly mad. It begins with his seating himself in a chair to observe himself making love to his wife, Lydia, a zaftig empty-headed siren who is also sleeping with her cousin. Hermann is soon given to intemperate outbursts at his workers, other businessmen, and strangers. Then, he meets Felix, an itinerant laborer, whom he delusionally believes looks exactly like himself. Armed with a new life insurance policy, he hatches an elaborate plot in the belief it will free him of all his worries. Desperate to pay the bills and come through for their loved ones, three lifelong pals risk it all by embarking on a daring bid to knock off the very bank that absconded with their money. When drones arrive in a flash, slaughtering humanity and stripping the Earth of its resources, a small team of scientists hiding in Los Angeles works to expel the drone menace once and for all.   When a 20-something finds a cache of hidden files on his new laptop, he and his friends are unwittingly thrust into the depths of the dark web. They soon discover someone has been watching their every move and will go to unimaginable lengths to protect the dark web. It is the year 2031, as the spores of the Flower of Life spread over the remains of the SDF-1 and SDF-2, the Invid land out of Hyperspace, on a head-on collision with the Earth. They crash on the spot, quickly turning it into their massive hive, later to be called Reflex Point. In a matter of moments, the Invid take control of the devastated planet. A city PR girl goes on the run accused of leaking information from the military supply company where she works. Chased by ex-soldiers she hides with her brother, a member of a shadowy hacker group, and has to choose between her luxury life - and the Redistributors.   When a stadium is seized by a group of heavily armed criminals during a major sporting event, an ex-soldier must use all his military skills to save both the daughter of a fallen comrade and the huge crowd unaware of the danger. Shoot the Messenger  follows one man's painful journey towards self-discovery. On the way he finds both his own attitudes and the expectations of his community challenged. A documentary film-maker suspects she is being brainwashed by a secret government organisation.  A feud between the Owens and the Gillettes ends when the last remaining Gillette is killed, but new trouble erupts for the mountain folk with the arrival of a U.S. revenue agent and his assistant. In his first special in seven years, Ricky Gervais slings his trademark snark at celebrity, mortality and a society that takes everything personally. An insane independent film director and his renegade group of teenage film makers kidnap an A-list Hollywood actress and force her to star in their underground film. The heat is at record highs, the air conditioner is broken, the milk has gone bad, the repairman can't find the house... and then there's the neighbor. Lyle Wilder, a celebrated firefighter, whose scorn for the young Braverton family next door turns to outright assault as his heroic exterior begins to unravel from the inside. After suffering a miscarriage, Newlyweds John and Samantha Harris relocate from New York City to a small Appalachian town where they become wrapped up in a nightmarish tapestry of evil. A television movie about a veteran policeman who accidentally kills a musician. The ghost of the musician returns to persuade the cop to steer the musician's grandson away from drug peddlers and into a life of music. A found footage horror film about a man and a woman camping in Wicklow, Ireland. James Bond helps a Russian General escape into the west. He soon finds out that the KGB wants to kill him for helping the General. A little while later the General is kidnapped from the Secret Service leading 007 to be suspicious. A magazine editor's life and career, simultaneously begin to unravel, after she takes on a new assistant, with secret motives of his own. Ray Tango and Gabriel Cash are narcotics detectives who, while both being extremely successful, can't stand each other. Crime Lord Yves Perret, furious at the loss of income that Tango and Cash have caused him, frames the two for murder. Caught with the murder weapon on the scene of the crime, the two have no alibi. Thrown into prison with most of the criminals they helped convict, it appears that they are going to have to trust each other if they are to clear their names and catch the evil Perret.  A little girl encounters Indigenous mythological nightmares while lost in the Australian bush. Whistle depicts the dreary off-hours of an ultra-technological hit-man who becomes 'involved' in the life of one of his victims. The hit-man's wife is not only fully cognizant of her husband's day job but she is also the cold-blooded contact with his bosses when the conscience crisis sets in! Having survived a brutal home invasion that left his fiancee dead, Scott, now emotionally unstable and reclusive is encouraged to join a support group in an attempt to get his life back on track. At the group he meets the enigmatic O, a woman who claims to have ties to Scott's attacker. Together the two set on a path of vengeance to track down the monster who did them wrong but as their journey progresses Scott begins to question O's true motives and intentions as she pulls him deeper into a world of murder and lies. Ted Kennedy's life and political career become derailed in the aftermath of a fatal car accident in 1969 that claims the life of a young campaign strategist, Mary Jo Kopechne. 7th grader Thomas lives in a small city in Denmark. He's in love with the schools tough girl, Vikki and to get close to her, he has to help her and a gang of older boys blow up their teachers bike. The head of the gang is Vikki's boyfriend. The amazing true story of Frederic Bourdin, who after having plundered all the centers for runaway minors and deliquents in Europe, even thought he has come of age, now passes himself off as Nicholas Barclay, a 13-year-old American who had vanished three years ago. To his astonishment, Nicholas's family welcomes him like their son, leaving Interpol and the FBI aghast. It is the beginning of a race against time for the investigators, family and Bourdin. But who is manipulating whom? And who is Frederic Bourdin in reality? A group of high school friends reunite for a vacation a year after graduating but find their relationships have changed - and after one of them turns up dead, suspicions and accusations fly. No one is safe once everyone suspects everyone else in this twist-filled thriller. The separation of a long married couple goes awry when they fall for each other again. Albert and Rose Poe bought their dream house seven years ago in Greenfield, NC. They had no idea of the unspeakable horrors that took place in the house before they moved in. If they had known, then their children, Addi and Jade would still be alive. Instead the Poes now find themselves imprisoned in the house they thought was their safe place, and battling their two daughters for survival. Returning to Saint Petersburg after a long exile, the dashing Yakovlev, a retired army officer, makes a comfortable living by winning other people's duels. An enigmatic, focused, and extremely skilled professional, he leaves a trail of dead bodies behind him as he swirls through polite society, frequently called upon to wield a pistol as a surrogate in duels at dawn. But when Yakovlev meets the naive young Prince Tuchov and his beautiful sister, Princess Martha, the normally cold-hearted mercenary is surprised by hitherto undetected emotions. What transpires uncovers a series of revelations about his past and his present self. Lewis is an outwardly ordinary guy, but in reality he is hiding an obsession - revenge - against Cathy. Lewis kidnaps Cathy in broad daylight and takes her to his home, where he locks her in a soundproof cell and attempts to extract a dark secret from her past. Frank left his life as a soldier behind and wants to rebuild his life in Brandenburg. He is on his way to meet his daughter, Lily, after a long time of not seeing her. As he stops at a gas station he meets Andreas, who needs a ride to Berlin. Reluctantly, Frank agrees to take Andreas with him - unaware of the consequences. Neerja is a portrayal on the life of the courageous Neerja Bhanot, who sacrificed her life while protecting the lives of 359 passengers on the Pan Am flight 73 in 1986. The flight was hijacked by a terrorist organization. A young woman fakes her own death in an attempt to escape her nightmarish marriage, but discovers it is impossible to elude her controlling husband. FIX takes you from Beverly Hills to Watts, and places in between, in one day, as documentary filmmakers Bella and Milo race to get Milo's brother Leo from jail to rehab before 8pm, or Leo goes to prison for three years. On a remote Irish farm, five people become unwilling participants in an experiment that goes nightmarishly wrong. Darren, Lou, Jo and Mas live a meager existence on the fringes of poverty. Indebted to the criminal kingpin of their social housing development, they routinely fear for their lives. On the other side of town, the already wealthy Marcus and his disabled brother Clive receive a windfall in the form of a winning lottery ticket. When their worlds collide following a botched robbery, the would-be criminals get more than they bargained for, and will be tested to their limits in a desperate attempt to survive a predator of monstrous proportions. Germany refuses to receive any more refugees. The only way to obtain citizenship is to survive the popular TV show 'Immigration Game'. Whoever participates as a 'Runner' will be abandoned on the outskirts of Berlin and must make their way to the television tower at Alexanderplatz. For a prize money every German citizen may chase and eventually kill the refugees entirely unpunished. Shot on location in Cambodia, including many scenes in actual brothels in the notorious red light district of Phnom Penh, HOLLY is a captivating, touching and emotional experience. Patrick, an American card shark and dealer of stolen artifacts, has been 'comfortably numb' in Cambodia for years, when he encounters Holly, a 12-year-old Vietnamese girl, in the K11 red light village. The girl has been sold by her impoverished family and smuggled across the border to work as a prostitute. A VHS collector with a drinking problem finds a valuable movie that could save his terrible economical situation. The film disappears. He suspects it is stolen and starts a hunt after a perpetrator. As the devoutly single Don Johnston is dumped by his latest girlfriend, he receives an anonymous pink letter informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. This is a deeply involving drama depicting the desperation between a poor rural couple and a childless upper class urban couple, whose lives are forever altered when the rich couple buys the ingenuous poor couple's 3-year old son, on the promise of a better life. Son grows up emotionally disturbed and resorts to extreme measures to feel less alone. A woman who was not happy in married life accidentally kills her husband and then the ghost of the man haunts her. She can't bear the trauma and tries to suicide. A must watch film for those who loves horror and mystery thriller. The plot is currently unknown. Omar Petit would be able to live a perfectly happy life with his wife and daughter if it weren't for a number of farmers from the vineyard who have decided to make life miserable for them because of where Omar comes from. One night, one of them happens to be in the middle of sabotaging their vineyard when he witnesses the murder of three South American drug smugglers. The killer, an injured biker who's nevertheless as hard as nails, must take refuge on the Petits' farm and takes the family hostage... Famed detective Byomkesh Bakshi investigates the murder of a man who had just thrown a party to celebrate his recovery from a long illness. An alcoholic cop accepts to investigate a case involving a couple of gruesome murders. Will the case be the redemption that he was waiting for? As a top student at St. Adeline's Catholic Boarding School, Zoe senses that something is not quite right about the school's new nun-- a sense proven to be true when it is revealed the "good' nun is an imposter with a fatal attraction to Zoe's brother. After a mass shooting at a police funeral, reclusive ex-cop Gannon finds himself unwittingly forced out of retirement when he realizes that the killer belongs to the same militia he joined after quitting the force. Understanding that the shooting could set off a chain reaction of copycat violence across the country, Gannon quarantines his fellow militiamen in the remote lumber mill they call their headquarters. There, he sets about a series of grueling interrogations, intent on ferreting out the killer and turning him over to the authorities to prevent further bloodshed. An encounter specialist learns the hard truth that all his encounter operations have been to safeguard the interests of corrupt politicians and businessmen. But before he can undo the damage, it is too late; and four innocents become collateral damage as well. Saravanan, who has suicidal tendencies, becomes part of Annachi's household as the latter, who has a fear of ghosts, believes that he will help him get rid of it. But the young man has a near-death experience after which he starts seeing ghosts! Collegian Tree Gelbman wakes up in horror to learn that she's stuck in a parallel universe. Her boyfriend Carter is now with someone else, and her friends and fellow students seem to be completely different versions of themselves. When Tree discovers that Carter's roommate has been altering time, she finds herself once again the target of a masked killer. When the psychopath starts to go after her inner circle, Tree soon realizes that she must die over and over again to save everyone. A young girl, Ingrid (Sabrina Dickens) has been abused and disowned by her guardians and social workers. As she tries to get her life organised through the new social worker, Ms Murray (Anu Hasan) and a new friend Jade (Brigid Shine), Ingrid tries to build up courage to speak to males her own age, tries to talk and deal with her mental health and abuse. A group of people stop by a mansion during a storm and discover two magical toy makers, and their haunted collection of dolls. A mystery writer becomes the prime suspect in a murder investigation when a publisher he last saw is found dead. With his eye on a lovely aristocrat, a gifted illusionist named Eisenheim uses his powers to win her away from her betrothed, a crowned prince. But Eisenheim's scheme creates tumult within the monarchy and ignites the suspicion of a dogged inspector. A housewife's, Tiffany, world is turned upside down by a stranger who breaks into her apartment and tells her that he abducted her husband of eight years while he was on a business trip in Hong Kong. Adding to the bizarreness of the situation, the kidnapper, who says his name is tells Tiffany that he doesn't want any ransom money. Instead, to secure her husband's freedom, she will have to take on the role of his wife for a week. Spaak is a movie about a talented track cyclist who is caught up in the world of drugs. An uptight advertising exec has his entire life in a filofax organizer which mistakenly ends up in the hands of a friendly convict who poses as him. Biju is an honest policeman who fights the injustice head-on. In his pursuit to keep things under control and clean, he encounters a series of events and cases which test his authority, honesty and integrity. With a week to his wedding, what ensues is a heartfelt story of a cop sans the cinematic hype. Down-on-his-luck single dad Harvey Fowler gets a much needed boost when he meets children's author Mandy Simpkins, author of the Marvelous Mandy storybooks that his daughter loves. Their beautifully vivacious relationship seems like it couldn't get any more perfect, until Harvey gains some disturbing insights into her fractured mental state. When cracks start to show through her dreamlike personality, Harvey learns who she really is- and just how vicious she'll become to maintain the illusion of her perfect life. As the romantic monsoon rains loom, the extended Verma family reunites from around the globe for a last-minute arranged marriage in New Delhi. This film traces five intersecting stories, each navigating different aspects of love as they cross boundaries of class, continent and morality. Louis Pothen (Mammootty) is an all rounder. He is divorce lawyer, he participates in live TV channel debates on various topics, and he is a film critic, too. His wife Vasuki Iyer (Nayantara) is a Kathakali artist, and together with his school-going daughter, they live in a city highrise. The story further focuses on an incident that sort of transformed the lively Vasuki into an introvert. What follows is a dramatic exploration of Vasuki's recent past and how she gets over it. The story, set in the backdrop of Nallore, a small town in Thoothukudi District, revolves around Sub-Inspector Durai Singam (Surya), a brave and just policeman who serves in his hometown primarily to fulfill his father's (Radha Ravi) wish. Durai Singam settles every dispute in his town patiently with his words of wisdom and resorts to force only when the situation demands it. Kavya (Anushka), a city girl who comes on vacation to Nallore, falls in love with Durai Singam. Erimalai (Vivek), Durai Singam's bumbling colleague and friend, often accompanies him. Two police officers trapped in a web of deception and lies from everyone they trust after they take up a case involving a mysterious man who is arrested for a double homicide. The movie is set in the backdrop of an imaginary school named Malgudi Residential School. The movie revolves around a mysterious man Zephan Solomon(Anoop Menon) and two students of this school. Tasha, who aspires to make it big in life, catches the eye of two womanising brothers, who promise to make her a star. Yet her hidden intentions may prove deadly for the duo. Determined to pull in the Pulitzer Prize, reporter Johnny Barrett will go to any length necessary to win the coveted award. When he learns of an unsolved murder committed at a mental institution, Barrett devises a scheme to solve it and earn himself recognition. With the assistance of a psychiatrist and his girlfriend, Barrett convinces the doctors at the institution to commit him. Once inside, he begins his investigation -- and gradually loses his mind. Because he's the oldest, Jake has been the man of the house, since his parents divorce. When Mom starts seeing Sam, who always seems to be trying some new way to get rich quick, and declares he's the man of the house now, Jake puts up with it. Until he discovers Sam's illegal activities. Tasked with packing up the belongings of a deceased grandmother, two friends venture to a house nestled deep in the woods where strange noises, lights in the forest, and mysterious locals plague the pair. No overview found. Daisy arrives in Los Angeles full of dreams and aspirations, but when her boyfriend dumps her unceremoniously, she ends up stripping to eke out a living. Soon, her ambition takes over as she unites her fellow strippers and begins a business that caters to a very wealthy and not so discreet clientele. It is not long before the Los Angeles Vice Squad raids her apartment and she meets and falls in love with Detective Collin.  Will she now reveal all she knows? And can she find true love with Collin and finally enjoy the life of which she once dreamed? A group of young US tourists vacation in Africa turns into the ultimate nightmare when they arrive at an abandoned lodge isolated in a remote African rural area that holds an ominous and deadly secret. Kattumakkan is an Indian feature film directed by Shalil Kallur made in Malayalam-language starring veterans Mukesh, Vijay Menon and Nassar along with a galaxy of newcomers and supporting actors Movie narrates the story of a couple, Akash and Vani. They go on a personal trip to spend some quality time with each other and the resulting incidents are plotted. A couple's relationship is tested when uninvited guests arrive at their home, disrupting their tranquil existence. A hitman comes to a hill town to plot the murder of a top scientist. A young man and his righteous father stand in his way. A hacker looking for a missing man, what he finds out are videos in which the man is questioned and tortured till he drops by two mysterious women. Hasret has been seeing the same nightmare for some time, but she keeps living unaware that what she sees is actually remembering. A 30-year-old woman who works in a News Channel, living alone in the flat left by her musician parents who died in a car crash twenty years ago.  Is it?  The question creeps into her mind, and then (or maybe even before) her life through recurring nightmares: Is it possible that her parents did not die in a car crash? When an Indian mother finds out her son is the victim of a vicious bully, she delivers her own brand of vigilante justice. Returning from the states to marry his girlfriend, a common man is blamed for the murder of a local don due to their enmity in the past. He is caught in a web of conspiracies as he struggles to prove his innocence and the don's in-laws order their henchmen to take him down. Farmer Ivan Dunaev gets up early. He feeds his piglets, does paperwork, fixes the tractor, and weighs the meat he'll take in his old pickup truck to the market to sell. He has a wife, a teenage daughter, and a young son. And he loves to hunt. His world revolves around these things. Then, one day, two new workers, Lyuba and Raya, on work release from the local prison colony, arrive on the farm. Ivan doesn't notice it at first, but something begins to change. Michael Chambers has come home to Austin, Texas. To the mother who's starting a new life and the brother driven by old jealousies. To the places he remembers and the memories he can't forget. And to Rachel, the woman he married and then betrayed with his passion for gambling. Now she's together with Tommy Dundee, a man no one trifles with. He takes care of her in a way Michael never could, but there's a price for his attention and Rachel knows this. And when Michael devises a plan to get Rachel out from under Tommy's control, they become entangled in a web of intrigue, danger and desire from which no one escapes unscathed. Sonbert was also a noted opera critic, and he frequently theorized about the relationship of film to other art forms, in particular, music. He analogized the notes, chords, and tone clusters of music to the progression of shots in film. The shot was the building block upon which Sonbert created the musical rhythms of his films.  Sonbert published excerpts from his feature-film screenplay adaptation of Strauss' Capriccio, his favorite opera, in 1986. Short Fuse, completed six years later, can be seen as a return to Capriccio's themes, including 'Nazism and eroticism, beauty and force, detail and structure.' (William Graves) Underscoring a question raised by Capriccio--whether in opera the music or the libretto takes priority--Short Fuse is replete with a soundtrack that counterpoints the film's visuals, prompting the viewer to ask whether the music or the imagery predominates. -- Jon Gartenberg In a small New Mexico town, a 17-year-old high school girl who just got her driver's license gets into her first Fender Bender, innocently exchanging her personal information with an apologetic stranger.  Later that stormy night, she is joined in her desolate suburban home by a couple of her school friends who try their best to make a night out of it, only to be visited by the stranger she so willingly handed all of her information to -- a terrifying and bizarre serial killer who stalks the country's endless miles of roads and streets with his old rusty car, hungrily searching for his next unsuspecting victim. Technology brings us closer. Or perhaps it brings strangers, a little too close. But how much can you really trust someone? With a new ride share service, you never know who will be getting in a car with. Or if you'll ever get out. An instigating film that brings up the end of the world in a poetic way An expectant couple's intimate weekend turns to terror as they discover their secluded country inn is a haunted maternity home where infants and mothers were murdered. A young real-estate broker tries to pull off a huge scam, which goes horribly wrong. To fix everything he involves his begrudging wife leading to an end neither could imagine. Sham Shui Po, there is the most famous red-light district in Hong Kong. Li (Carrie Ng) owns a few of the apartments in the building and she earns a living by renting them out to the prostitutes. To the prostitutes though, she is more a friend than just a landlord. She gets together a group of prostitutes and work as hard as they could, trying to attract business to turn the tide. Still, they do not know they are quietly approaching death. It begins with the missing of a prostitute Ping. Ping is one of the tenants who live with her young daughter. In the process of finding Ping, Li discovered there had been a lot of missing prostitutes in this building, yet none of them were found. The building was somehow isolated from the outside world and a massacre begins. Li and the prostitutes have to find Ping and to fight a battle of wits with the invisible murderer. As more evident of the murderer's identity revealed, a tragic truth hidden for over twenty years starts to unveil. Piet, who is studying computer science, is as inexperienced sexually as he is intelligent. When he notices that his feelings for Klara, a fellow student, are not really reciprocal, he is deeply hurt. After trying out sleeping pills on himself, he drugs Klara, with unexpected consequences. Operatives are tasked with rescuing important individuals aboard a passenger jet during a nuclear war. A young man (Puneeth Rajkumar) finds himself in too deep after taking an injured protester to a hospital. While investigating a story, a journalist crosses path with an advocate. The investigation leads her to a series of complicated situations, unraveling secrets that can pose a threat to her life. In April 2015, the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Company, an underground safe deposit facility in London's Hatton Garden area, was burgled by 4 elderly men. With the stolen property having a value of up to PS200 million, the incident has been called the "largest burglary in English history". Ideologies collide with fatal results when a military drone contractor meets an enigmatic Pakistani businessman. Ataru, who suffers from "savant syndrome," has the power to discover, observe, see through, and deduct microscopic evidence of unsolved cases. Why does he always go to the criminal sites? What explains his strange behavior? Meanwhile, a mystery unfolds with Ataru and a woman named Madoka, who is a killer. The woman possesses the same extraordinary memory and deductive reasoning abilities as Ataru. Who is she? Ayna is an actor and the prison is his stage. He slips into the characters of the powerful convicted in exchange of money and take their place in prison. This strange profession is borne out of a society that doesn't give him a chance to follow his passion of acting, but forces him to act in the real life. Falling in love with the girl next door changes his life equation and he decides to end this career with one last performance. But this one takes him too deep in the rabbit hole. The story unfolds on how an underdog survives in a society that is merciless and struggles his way out from the clutch of crime game which he is a part too. Sumon is compelled to grow up in the city's underworld as mafia lord Osman Ali's killer machine. After killing a pregnant woman, Sumon's conscience leads him to defy Ali's order. A man obsessed with conspiracy theories becomes a target after one of his theories turns out to be true. Unfortunately, in order to save himself, he has to figure out which theory it is. Ruth Payne, innocent to begin with, is trying to extradite herself from the clutches of a gang-mob who obtained her release from prison on a falsified confession because they thought she knew something they didn't want known. Locked in her flat for several years, a reclusive young woman stumbles upon a mysterious web community. According to an urban myth, the Suicide Club grants death to those wishing for it. Unless these "cyber suicides" are actually murders. Three mountain bikers have a deadly encounter with some hunters on Blood Mountain. Directed by Thorold Dickinson. During the World War II, the prisoners of a German camp in a greek island are trying to escape. They don't want only their freedom, but they also seek for an ineffable treasure hidden in a monastery at the top of the island's mountain. An addicted tormented by the ghost of his ex-girlfriend watches the passage of a mysterious planet. A girl and her friends find a game in the attic that summons a creature known as The Midnight Man, who uses their worst fears against them. After NASA picks up a trio of mysterious signals from within our own solar system, astronaut Roger Nelson is dispatched on a multi-year solo mission aboard the Magellan spacecraft to investigate the sources. A couple plots to murder a random stranger just for the thrill of it, but things turn ugly when one of them decides not to go through with it. Scary Full Feature Horror Movie! Jake and The paranormal team are on their way to help a family in need and to help them deal with some paranormal issues, But the Team never make it to their destination! It is abruptly interrupted by other worldly terrifying beings. Who will survive? Apinya Sakuljaroensuk stars as a faded Internet idol who becomes upset at being unseated by a new schoolgirl star (Napasasi Surawan). She decides to teach the naive upstart a lesson in cruelty. Pun Homcheun and Onusa Donsawai direct, adapting a short film of the same name. When Champion City's hero Captain Amazing is kidnapped by the recently paroled supervillain Casanova Frankenstein, a trio of average, everyday superheroes -- Mr. Furious, the Shoveler and the Blue Raja -- assemble a new super team to save him. In the cut-throat London film industry a vivacious actress chasing her big break struggles to maintain her integrity in the face of the director's advances. A disgraced  RAW agent Akilan (Vikram) is recalled by the agency to track down a crazy scientist and a cross dresser Love (also Vikram), who has discovered a deadly new drug  'Speed inhaler'. "Last thing you guys want in your car is a feathered serpent." Gloria and her friends do drugs and then get pulled over by a cop A guy looking to find employment and marry the love of his life, gets in over his head when a fast-talking temp agent lands him a job. A young man from the suburbs of Iztapalapa in Mexico City is casted as the lead actor for a new film. When the film opens at the Berlinale, he is consterned about how European people views Latin American films just as a sort of misery porn. After joining the Military following the death of his mother, Jake Williams returns home from war to his Father, Paul, and his sister, Brittney. Shortly after making amends with his father, Paul, for leaving them, Jake is left with the struggle of taking care of his sister and his fathers multi-million dollar company after Paul is killed in a car accident. After a mobster named Joe gets information of Jake's situation, Joe kidnaps Brittney and holds her for a ransom. Jake decides to take it into his own hands to save his sister, but will he stop Joe from fulfilling his evil plan... Jack an 18-year old hustler and his boyfriend Tom are an item, close and very much in love. Otherwise, Jack is impulsive and explosive with few redeeming qualities. Ken, a married man who hasn't come out of the closet, takes Jack from NYC to Miami with the intention of helping him. Samraat overview. Devi works in a bank as cashier, and is very smart. Naveen works in the same bank at the help desk and likes her. Naveen wants to become rich in life and agrees to a gang's plan to steal the data of unclaimed accounts. Apart from the Bank's manager, only Devi has access to this data. He impresses her and gets close to her. One day he steals the data and hands it over to the gang headed by Mahesh. Using the details in the data, Mahesh wants to claim them. Rest of the story is how Naveen manages to escape from this trap and saves the money along with Devi. "Roald Amundsen - Lincoln Ellsworths flyveekspedisjon 1925'' is a new DVD release of film footage from the nearly disastrous 1925 aeroplane expedition led by Norwegian polar hero Roald Amundsen. Financed by american businessman Lincoln Ellsworth, who also was a member of the expedition, the aeroplanes were registered as N24 and N25 and subsequently equipped for polar flights. They took off from King's Bay in Svalbard on May 21st in an attempt to carry out the first transpolar flight of the North Pole, in order to establish once and for all whether there was in fact land in the area. A band of medieval mercenaries take revenge on a noble lord who decides not to pay them by kidnapping the betrothed of the noble's son. As the plague and warfare cut a swathe of destruction throughout the land, the mercenaries hole up in a castle and await their fate. The failing economic fortunes of a small turn-of-the-century Nebraska town interrupt a blossoming romance between a pair of star-crossed lovers. Zahid, an American born Muslim who, after struggling with his Islamic roots, explores different aspects of the religion, leading to a deadly calling. Exploring a dystopian future which has parallels to those found in Brazil, Fahrenheit 451, and 1984, this film, tells of a place where a military junta has taken control and requires people to think, speak, and act in precise ways: anyone who fails to do so is killed. The story is told entirely without the use of spoken dialogue. Symbolic imagery replaces much of what would have been spoken in a narrative, establishing the situation and setting. In the story, two brothers are part of an underground organization opposed to the totalitarian regime. Members of the underground identify themselves using pieces of torn photographs. Reviewers found that the story is told intelligibly and quite swiftly, despite the absence of dialog, but is not quite lively enough to satisfy action buffs. Danny is a long-term insomniac. He comes across an ad for the Audible Lucid Perceptions sleep clinic, run by the peculiar Dr. Zovnig, and goes in for a consultation. The doctor gives him a small audio device, which generates brain-frequency-altering audio waves, intended to hypnotize Danny into a dream state. Upon the first treatment, Danny is cured and is now sleeping better than he ever has in his life. Danny starts to realize that although he may be able to sleep again, there could be something wrong. Nightmares haunt his sleep, with recurring hallucinations and blackouts while he's awake. Is it all a side effect of the treatment, or is there some evil force at work, affecting Danny's every move? Scary Full Feature Horror Movie! Jake and The paranormal team are on their way to help a family in need and to help them deal with some paranormal issues, But the Team never make it to their destination! It is abruptly interrupted by other worldly terrifying beings. Who will survive? Maqbool Salman plays lead role in the forthcoming movie 'Pachakallam' JIM TAHANA doesn't leave much of an impression when he passes you by. But look closer and you'll sense his hunger - the deep hunger of an insatiable American soul - always scanning to devour something - anything that might fill the searing, unexplained void within him. Jim obsesses over the hobby that has been part of his DNA since he was a young boy: grief tourism - the act of traveling with the intent to visit places of tragedy or disaster. Every year his week-long vacations from work are spent going to grief tourist locations in the lives of different serial killers he is fascinated with. This years obsession is Carl Marznap, a mass murder from New Orleans, Louisiana. But this trip is no ordinary vacation as Jim's rancid sexual impulses and weakening grip on reality deteriorate into a violent despair that will ultimately unlock an unspeakable secret festering within him, bringing The Grief Tourist to it's brutal and shocking finale... On the outskirts of a kingdom, a quiet but fierce medieval warrior protects the realm from monsters and the occult. His gruesome collection of heads is missing only one - the monster that killed his daughter years ago. Driven by a thirst for revenge, he travels wild expanses on horseback. When his second chance arrives, it's in a way far more horrifying than he ever imagined. Cenerentola struggles to escape the shadow and evil schemes of her stepmother and six stepsisters who all live aboard the Megaride, a ship stuck in the port of a decaying future Naples. Naples:  Raffaele, a cafe musician, is cajoled into performing a night-time serenade outside an apartment block.  However, his mandolin playing is rudely interrupted by gunshots and a falling Jamaican man, who plummets from a window above.  A camp character is also ejected from a window and Raffaele is compelled to conduct his own investigation.  It transpires that a celebrated maestro, Victor Navarro is being blackmailed.  Lucia, Navarro's attractive daughter-in-law, was present at each murder.  The amateur detective is drawn to her and becomes embroiled in a mystery involving death threats and a macabre secret... Tilt is the story of a precocious young girl who is a pinball wizard. Because she does not get on with her parents, Tilt is contemplating running away from home. Skipping school one day, she decides to go to to Mickey's Bar. Mickey, who is Tilt's good friend, helps her set up a gambler for a pinball game. Because the gambler is unaware of Tilt's pinball wizardry, he is easily hustled out of his money. While watching the confrontation, a young man named Neil Gallagher, who is an aspiring musician, is impressed with Tilt's ability, congratulating her after the win. Neil invites Tilt to watch him sing at a rock concert, and after his performance she believes he can become a great singer. Because Neil needs money for a demo tape of his songs, he has an idea of taking Tilt with him and having her hustle would-be gamblers. When his family gets killed by corrupt business tycoon, Soorya (Prithviraj) decides to take revenge, all by himself Kashmir Daily Story of a Journalist. It highlights the core problems faced by today's generation Unemployment and Drugs.From an origin of humanity it has always been a battle between Good and Evil. A group of villagers from Maranur, India, and their clash with a neighbouring village leader as their community begins to prosper. Soon, money and greed threaten a will for peaceful coexistence between the two rivalling communities. Two drug dealers get blackmailed by a corrupt detective. The six-member crew of the International Space Station is tasked with studying a sample from Mars that may be the first proof of extra-terrestrial life, which proves more intelligent than ever expected. An assassin seeks redemption after being given a second chance at life. Alan and Wendy Barnet have been married just long enough for the excitement to have gone out of their relationship, and they're looking for a way to put some spice back in their lives. After placing a personal ad looking for another couple interested in swapping mates, the Barnets are led to the Zebra Lounge, where they meet Jack and Louise Bauer, a pair of seasoned erotic adventurers. While the Barnets find the swinging scene exciting at first, they soon decide it may be doing more harm than good to their marriage. But easing the Bauers out of their lives proves to be neither simple nor safe. Marco lives in a world of his own. He wants to spend the event of the total eclipse concentrated and by himself at a junkyard. Lena crosses his path and stays by his side because she likes him and tries desperately to get closer during this special moment. A mad doctor performs a head transplant on an injured criminal, which results in him being even more dangerous and murderous than before. A student with blood complications believes that his medication is the cause of his recent hallucinations. Desperate to find out what they mean, he collides with and injures an innocent woman, sparking her son to pursue the identity of the man responsible for his Mother's injury. Missing and death cases take place in succession along the Korean Demilitarized Zone. South Korea forms a unit led by Captain Jo Jin-Ho and First Lieutenant Shin Yoo-Hwa as assistant leader. They are given only 24 hours to find out the truth behind the incidents. Team members find evidence, but they feel like something isn't right. A young British girl born and reared in India loses her neglectful parents in an earthquake. She is returned to England to live at her uncle's castle. Her uncle is very distant due to the loss of his wife ten years before. Neglected once again, she begins exploring the estate and discovers a garden that has been locked and neglected. Aided by one of the servants' boys, she begins restoring the garden, and eventually discovers some other secrets of the manor. A young rock band, half from England and half from the US, drop out of college and move to the Sunset Strip to chase their dreams. Nazi death's head "congratulates" Canadians for all the helpful military intelligence he overheard from loose talk and gossip. Imprisoned during the Spanish Civil War, John "Kit" McKittrick is released when a New York City policeman pulls some strings. Upon returning to America, McKittrick hears that a friend has committed suicide, and he begins to smell a rat. During his investigation, McKittrick questions three beautiful women, one of whom has a tie to his refugee past. Pursued by Nazi operatives, McKittrick learns of the death of another friend, and begins to suspect the dark Dr. Skaas. After deciphering a message found in a satellite, genius cryptographer Alex Jacobs finds himself being stalked by government agents and otherworldly beings. The destinies of two men, one from the future and one from the past, become entwined as a malevolent virus spreads throughout Level 4, a digital gaming experience that blurs dreams and reality. Richard, a 30 year-old teacher, moves to East London, where he discovers gentrification: hipsters meet cockneys and immigrants in a tense environment. Richard is looking for a fresh start. He explores the East End: its nights, its drugs, its people - But the big city is not a welcoming place. Faced with rejection and abuse, Richard's past demons resurface and let loose his violent instincts. The crew of a medical helicopter suffers an accident when helping a joint force of USA and United Nations troops under Spanish command division in Afghanistan. The Spanish army has only one night to organize the rescue of the crew and injured, but what seems routine turns into hell once they receive the order to rescue the helicopter as well. Things only get worse when during the night a huge a concentration of Talibans begin surround them. You can't help missing an outsider in the small Scottish town of Forres. And that while Bodkin Ras wants to keep his head down, because he's on the run. In this mixture of fiction and documentary, Sohrab Bayat, who plays the title role, is the only actor. The other characters are inhabitants of Forres, who play themselves and whose striking life stories are incorporated into the script. The boundaries between reality and fiction fade and this gives the film a special atmosphere. Erotic fantasies can come to life in the rooms of Motel Mistress. But whether these will be pleasurable for those involved is another matter. A strange disappearance, revenge and aliens all turn up one typical afternoon in this love nest. Blood Child is horror thriller based on a true story. Bill and Ashely DiAngelo seem to have it all, an overseas posting to Singapore, life in paradise and a new baby on the way. But tragedy strikes when she loses the baby and sinks into a deep depression. Unbeknownst to Bill, Ashley decides that the only way for her to "be" with her miscarried child is to dabble in the South East Asian occult practice of raising her own "ghost child". She seeks the help of her Indonesian maid, Siti, tasking her to find a bomoh (witch doctor) who knows how to trap the spirit of unborn dead fetuses. Siti tries to dissuade Ashley from resorting to such dark magic but to no avail. In the meantime, in an effort to put the tragic events of the miscarriage behind them, Bill decides that it would be good for the couple to return home to Minnesota to start their lives over. Several months after their return to the US, Ashley and Bill are surprised to find themselves pregnant again.... This riotously funny satire on Pakistan's media industry explores the dark underbelly of a reality show that has the nation enthralled as a channel owner who will do anything for higher ratings. "The Last Bastion" tells the origin story of the inquisitive transforming robot, Bastion. In this episode, we follow the forgotten battle automaton as it unexpectedly reactivates after laying dormant in the wilderness for over a decade. Fascinated by its unfamiliar surroundings, the curious omnic begins to investigate, but quickly discovers its core combat programming may have a different directive... When Barbara learns that nude photos of her daughter have been put up on a revenge porn site, she vows to get them taken down. But the site's administrator and his followers refuse, threatening Barbara's family in retaliation. Barbara doesn't back down, but in doing so, her and her daughter's lives are systematically destroyed both online and off. Rohan is a kind, happy young man who has been blind since birth and works as a voice-over artist for a living. Through friends, he meets Supriya, a working woman who is also blind, but proudly independent. The two start liking each other and get married. Rohan toughest journey starts in his quest of vengeance for Supriya's indirect murderers. The world top bodyguard gets a new client, a hit man who must testify at the International Court of Justice. They must put their differences aside and work together to make it to the trial on time. Emilie is a bright young workaholic manager in Human Ressources, working for a huge French agro-food company. Ambitious and dedicated to her job, she is a good soldier, ready to put ruthless methods of management into practice to meet the higher-ups' requirements. But, one day, one of the employees commits suicide at the company in front of her. Afflicted by the terrific death of her colleague, she will eventually realize that the company has to take its responsibility too. While an investigation in underway, stuck between her traumatized colleagues and under pressure of a powerful hierarchy, she will have to get by on her own. About 150,000 illegal entrants live in Tokyo. They are not recognised as refugees and live in poor conditions. To protect themselves, the illegals create a secret organisation. The organisation has a bank which Japanese Financial Services Agency is not involved with, a hospital that is not authorized by Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour, and Welfare and an illegals police force called "Dias Police." The only police officer in the organisation is Saki Kubozuka (Shota Matsuda). His age and nationality is unknown. Saki Kubozuka does not speak much, but he has a warm heart and strong sense of justice. He takes care of the weak and tries to maintain public order. Mumbai, India, November 26, 2008. While several terrorists spread hatred and death through the city, others attack the Taj Mahal Palace Hotel. Both hotel staff and guests risk their lives, making unthinkable sacrifices to protect themselves and keep everyone safe while help arrives. In a suburban community, moms and dads, one after the other, mysteriously feel the irresistible impulse to attack and kill their own offspring. Tomas Koblic, a former pilot and captain of the Argentinian Navy, disobeys an order and becomes a fugitive in order to survive. He chooses to hide in a small town in the south of the country, where his presence will catch the attention of the unscrupulous and violent local marshal.  A play of light and shadow in a virtual world. Maxwell Atoms' debut short has his characters Billy and Mandy having fun with trepanation. An armed robbery is the starting point of an unpredictable story that unfolds in four different versions; one for each of the film's characters who rival over the "Blue Queen", one of the world's most rare diamonds. A pilot battles to save his family and the planet after an experiment for unlimited energy goes wrong.  Akira Sharma is your average Jane from Jodhpur. Early in life she sees an atrocity committed on a neighbour and learns to defend herself. And, a spitfire is born. Shivalinga is story weaved around a murder mystery. Who killed Rahim? Why was he killed? Is it murder of Suicide, CID Shivu (Shivrajkumar) investigates the murder mystery. But, what is Shivu's wife's involvement... This documentary by Joe Berlinger and Bruce Sinofsky details the murder trial of Delbert Ward. Delbert was a member of a family of four elderly brothers, working as semi-literate farmers and living together in isolation from the rest of society until William's death. Lyco is an action horror film about a voodoo priest named Lyco Fontaine (Macquell James) who is in search for an ancient Relic that has been around for centuries called the Port of Spain elephant. It is said that the elephant statue has special powers and if fallen into the wrong hands the innocence of the world would be in danger. Two doctors in Victorian England use manual stimulation of female genitalia to cure their patients' ills, leading to the invention of the vibrator. Traveling to Havana, Cuba, to investigate the origins of a mysterious manuscript supposedly written by acclaimed American novelist, Ernest Hemingway, three friends are thrust into a terrifying game of cat and mouse when they find themselves trapped inside an abandoned building nestled in the center of the country's vibrant capital. With time running out fast the threesome must maneuver through a maze of deadly traps to find a way out of the building before they're hunted down. Harmon is a CIA/DEA enforcer investigating Arab terrorists captured in Mexico. With his team--seductive FBI agent Zara and spy-drone pilot Sharp--he flies to Istanbul and uncovers a brutal plot: Islamic extremists plan to use Sonora drug-smuggling routes to bring deadly weapons, and leaders, into the U.S. To prevent an attack on America, Harmon must turn these two savage forces against one another before his time--and his luck--run out. Kubo mesmerizes the people in his village with his magical gift for spinning wild tales with origami. When he accidentally summons an evil spirit seeking vengeance, Kubo is forced to go on a quest to solve the mystery of his fallen samurai father and his mystical weaponry, as well as discover his own magical powers. A man falls down the stairs, but instead of helping him, the bystanders just take photos with their phones. Lao Shi is a taxi driver and he's fighting for justice in the darkest recesses of Chinese society. The man who pushed him got into his taxi drunk not so very long ago, grabbed the steering wheel and caused an accident. The victim of the crash has been in a coma ever since, and because his family is destitute, Lao Shi is paying the hospital bills. The insurance company is refusing to cover the costs because the taxi driver left the scene of the accident with the injured man because no help was in sight. Now Lao Shi needs the testimony of his passenger, who angrily refuses to cooperate. The story of Katherine Ann Watson, a feminist teacher who studied at UCLA graduate school and in 1953 left her boyfriend behind in Los Angeles, California to teach at Wellesley College, a conservative women's private liberal arts college in Massachusetts, United States. Monideepa (Sohini) is the wife of industrialist Arun Chowdhury (Neel). A strange letter and she disappears. To investigate this disappearance of his wife Arun takes resort of former CBI officer and private investigator Rudrajit Roy (Chiranjeet). But the story is not as simple as it seems. The film begins two years ahead of the disappearance and goes back to trace the eerie story. Two individuals who live in the same locality influence the lives of each other without even realising the presence of the other. Xu Nan teaches filming at a university arts department, has a pregnant wife, and he is promoted to be a full professor. But he has an affair with one of his female students. he wants to end but she does not. Vidya Sinha (Vidya Balan) has only one obsession in life. She wants to see her teenage daughter Mini, who is paralysed waist-downwards, walk again. But, is this scenario as obvious as it seems? Or is Vidya an impersonator of Durga Rani Singh from Kalimpong, who is wanted for kidnapping and murder? A dramatization of the 1968 strike at the Ford Dagenham car plant, where female workers walked out in protest against sexual discrimination. David is travelling. He's on a unique trip that doesn't take him from one place to another but from one moment in time to another. Seeking to understand the strange power he has to move around in his own timeline, David will eventually have to confront the disassembled chronology of his own life as well as his repressed past. One year ago on November 2, seven people sat down to dinner at the Luxembourg. One of them, Rosemary Barton, never got up. She was thought to have committed suicide due to post-flu depression. A dying wealthy patriarch, Ramon summons his relatives to his bedside, setting the tone for intriguing suspense when a bizarre set of murders occurs. The terror begins with the arrival of the old man's sister and her lover. Blood and gore are a regular state of affairs. The first suspect is Carl who, despite his protests of his innocence, is hounded by the local detective. But the morbid killings continue... so is he the murderer, or isn't he? The true story of fraudulent Washington, D.C. journalist Stephen Glass, who rose to meteoric heights as a young writer in his 20s, becoming a staff writer at The New Republic for three years. Looking for a short cut to fame, Glass concocted sources, quotes and even entire stories, but his deception did not go unnoticed forever, and eventually, his world came crumbling down.  Two women, recovering from personal tragedy, take a boat trip through the Scottish Highlands. After a run in with the locals, their relaxing break soon descends into a hellish ordeal. Four co-workers get together to finish a project at their manager's home. They haven't actually met face to face and they discover they have more in common than the new App they are perfecting. As they piece together their histories, they realize that each of them has a deadly secret that could reveal a way out or seal their fates. Their pasts have provoked a vengeful force to show them the errors in their ways. The home they have been summoned to becomes their court and their prison. Can they prove that history doesn't repeat itself? Can they redeem themselves before time runs out? Will they figure out their fateful bond before revenge has its way with them? When eighteen-year-old Pasha rescues a beautiful young woman from a band of strangely powerful attackers, he discovers an underworld of supernatural beings living among us. After experiencing something so traumatic and immense, she ought to find closure by taking what is rightfully hers - "her sanity". Sethupathi IPS movie starring Vijayakanth, Meena and Nambiar. Terrorism against India is escalated heavily by Indians trained abroad. Sethupathi IPS (Vijayakanth) is a very efficient cop whose entire family has served the country at some time- his mother Satyabhama (Srividya) is an IAS Officer, his maternal grandfather was a soldier who got a medal for killing 200 enemies (a medal which Sethupathi secretly covets) and his father in law (Vijayakanth) is an Inspector General of Police.Sethupathi catches terrorist Sivasubramaniam in a hospital and coaxes him to reveal information... A picture perfect middle class family is shocked when they find out that one of their neighbors is receiving obscene phone calls. The mom takes slights against her family very personally, and it turns out she is indeed the one harassing the neighbor. As other slights befall her beloved family, the body count begins to increase. Believing that his model is in trouble, a retired engineer, now an amateur painter, hires a private detective to find her. In the 1930s, the gangster pair Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow began robbing banks in U.S. cities until they were eventually killed in a police shoot-out. FBI agent Joel Campbell, burnt-out and shell-shocked after years spent chasing serial killers, flees L.A. to begin a new life for himself in Chicago. But five months later, Joel's best laid plans are abruptly cut short when his new hometown becomes the setting for some particularly gruesome murders--murders that could only have been committed by one man: David Allen Griffin. One of Joel's most elusive and cunning nemeses, Griffin has followed his former pursuer to Chicago in order to play a sadistic game of cat and mouse. Taunting Joel with photographs of his intended victims and leaving his crime scenes meticulously free of clues in order to keep the police at bay, Griffin derives as much pleasure out of watching Joel react to every movement as watching his victims die. But when Griffin moves into Joel's inner circle, Joel must quickly find some way to stop him before someone close to him becomes the next one to die. In the dead of winter, Kat and Rose, two very different girls, find themselves spending winter break at their prestigious prep school. What they don't know is that Kat is being stalked by an evil entity, and their lives are about to change forever. Meanwhile, Joan, a young, troubled woman, makes her way across a frozen landscape towards the school. But why? A reporter who gets arrested realises that he is a victim of a fake degree certificate racket, and decides to track down the person responsible for misusing his identity. Mathimaran, a police constable, wants to do something worthy of his job and stumbles upon an organ trafficking ring run by Durai that is exploiting immigrant labourers. But, with Durai's connections inside the force and in politics going deep, can the cop succeed? Prathi Kshanam is a Telugu movie starring Maneesh, Tejaswini Prakash, Veda Archana Sastry and Viva Harsha in prominent roles. It is a romance thriller directed by Nagendra Prasad. A married womans husband with a perfect life cheats with her sister with extreme consequences befalling them all. An intelligence operative discovers that no one is what they seem in the shadowy world of espionage.  Starts off in the 15th century, with Connor McLeod (Christopher Lambert) training with another immortal swordsman, the Japanese sorcerer Nakano (Mako). When an evil immortal named Kane (Mario Van Peebles) kills the old wizard, the resulting battle leaves him buried in an underground cave. When Kane resurfaces in the 20th century to create havoc, it's up to McLeod to stop him. An unexpected encounter between an estranged father with his former family that he had left for another woman. Marek, the main character of "Palimpsest," is a police inspector, a man on the verge of psychological disintegration trying to solve an intricate case. The story is told on two planes. The first one is a crime story, which constitutes the framework of the film. In the course of events, another theme appears - psychological experiences of the main character. Vivid blend of picture with sound and music will draw the audience into the deepest recesses of Marek's mind, making the viewers face questions: What is reality and what is only an illusion? Where is the borderline between the real world and our perception of it? What makes suffering meaningful and what is really important in one's life"? A couple of friends on their way to a rock festival pick up two hitchhiking girls going to the same event, but their trip is ruined due to an unexpected car breakdown. Now, this group of travelers find themselves in the creepy and dilapidated shanty town of Sant Marti, and all hell is about to break loose. Michael, who is known to tell tall tales, believes he sees a young girl get kidnapped. On their day off from high school, Michael convinces his friends to hunt down this perpetrator, leading them on a journey they'll never forget. Maniac Tales tells the story of Juan, a Mexican illegal immigrant in New York, who is offered a job as a doorman in an old building of the city. It turns out that the screenwriter of "Maniac Tales", a very popular TV series, lives in the building but has disappeared with the script of the last chapter of the season, and a reward is offered to whoever can find that script. Juan decides to look for it, and when he gets into the screenwriter's apartment he finds out that the TV series hides creepy secrets which are related to the building. A pair of nymphomaniacs compete in seducing couples to sleep with them. This short follows Lennon and Ono as they take a hot-air balloon ride over snow-covered countryside. SEDUCED AND ABANDONED combines acting legend Alec Baldwin with director James Toback as they lead us on a troublesome and often hilarious journey of raising financing for their next feature film. Moving from director to financier to star actor, the two players provide us with a unique look behind the curtain at the world's biggest and most glamourous film festival, shining a light on the bitter-sweet relationship filmmakers have with Cannes and the film business. Featuring insights from directors Martin Scorsese, 'Bernando Bertolucci' and Roman Polanski; actors Ryan Gosling and Jessica Chastain and a host of film distribution luminaries. A war-hardened Crusader and his Moorish commander mount an audacious revolt against the corrupt English crown.  A rich man chooses to lead the life of a beggar for 48 days in the hope that his mother, who is on her deathbed, will recover. Two Frederick Ashton ballets in one exquisite evening performance. Principals Natalia Osipova and Steven McRae dance Ashton's Rhapsody, created for The Royal Ballet in 1980 by Mikhail Baryshnikov and Lesley Collier, with spectacular choreography to suit the dancers' star reputations.  Lauren Cuthbertson and Vadim Muntagirov lead a charismatic cast in Ashton's poignant and heart-warming reflection on Love, The Two Pigeons, based on an old French folk tale and first performed on Valentine's Day 1961.  These two ballets by the Company's Founder Choreographer capture The Royal Ballet's famous skill and distinctive style. Barry Wordsworth conducts the Orchestra of the Royal Opera House in the rapturous Rachmaninoff and Messager scores. not provided yet An anonymous criminal gang plot a series attack in Dhaka City and three young police officers start working  on this. Film starring Dimple Kapadia, Varsha Usgaonkar and Sadashiv Amrapurkar Sacrifice is the story of consultant surgeon, Tora Hamilton, who moves with her husband, Duncan, to the remote Shetland Islands, 100 miles off the north-east coast of Scotland. Deep in the peat soil around her new home, Tora discovers the body of a young woman with rune marks carved into her skin and a gaping hole where her heart once beat. Ignoring warnings to leave well alone, Tora uncovers terrifying links to a legend that might never have been confined to the pages of the story-books. Brian and Charlie work for a gangster. When the boss learns they want to "leave" he sets them up to be killed, after they help rob the local Triads of their drug dealing profits. B&amp;C decide to steal the money for themselves, but when their escape doesn't go to plan, they have to seek refuge in a Nuns' teacher training school. Jana lives in a village in Tamil Nadu, leading life incognito, taking up the cause of the villagers, making enemies around. And then comes the twist in the tale, the caption in the interval reading...'Interval...Wait just see other face'. And when the film re-opens we do get to see the other face of Jana. Jana, a terror to the Mumbai underworld, corrupt politicians and their ilk, killing, maiming and teaching a lesson to them. Both the faces of Jana merge finally, when his bete noire Bhandari, out of jail, comes to the village to have his final round with Jana. "Hana-Dama"--a flower in the wasteland. This flower is a symbol of earthly desires and every human is overwhelmed by desire and their rationality collapses wherever the flower is in bloom. And even today, the "Hana-Dama" continues to blossom profusely somewhere in the world.  The story is set in a film theater, the facility keeps on closing one after another during recent years.  The last day has come to a film theater which has been maintained by a film-loving owner, the staff, and their unique audiences. The symbol of human desire, "Hana-Dama," blossoms at the theater and instigates people's erratic behavior. Upon facing its closure, tremendous chaos that will be noted in the history of Japanese film takes place within this film theater. When Rebbeca' sister Diana returns home after being away for a while things seem odd. Diana's desperately trying to hide secrets from her sister. Rebbeca takes the detective approach to work out what's going on only to find Diana Is in serious trouble. Before Rebecca could get the truth from her sister, Diana commits suicide. Being convinced her death was more than just suicide, Rebecca searches deeper for answers in effect putting her life at risk. Lovers murdered by a moneylender come back as ghosts to make him answer for his crime. Meanwhile, an evil tantric has been waiting for them for years to take his revenge. In 2007, when NBA referee Tim Donaghy got caught betting on games he worked, he said two men associated with the Gambino crime family - a bookie named Baba Battista and a drug dealer named Tommy Martino - threatened to kill his family if he didn't give them gambling picks. That's what Donaghy told the FBI, that's what he told 60 Minutes, and that's what he testified in court. But that's not what really happened. That's not even close. INSIDE GAME is the untold true story of one of the biggest scandals in sports history. An angry and directionless young man reluctantly enlists the help of a local psychiatrist to assist him in confronting damaging past events. Shattered by the brutal murder of her daughter, A distraught mother takes justice into her own hands and seeks vengeance by fighting the system. Shyam and Vandana head to a bigger city to start a new life and business. Film starring Lauren Myers, Israel Wright and Merritt Glover  Jayaraman (Mohanlal) is born as a blind man but with heightened senses of smell, sound and touch. He is trained in the martial art of Kalaripayattu. He works as an elevator operator in an apartment where many reputed people live. One day he happens to encounter a murder in a flat. The killer escapes and Jayaraman is charged with the murder. To prove his innocence to the law, Jayaraman must now find and kill the true murderer. The Laurel & Hardy Moving Co. have a challenging job on their hands (and backs): hauling a player piano up a monumental flight of stairs to Prof. von Schwarzenhoffen's house. Their task is complicated by a sassy nursemaid and, unbeknownst to them, the impatient Prof. von Schwarzenhoffen himself. But the biggest problem is the force of gravity, which repeatedly pulls the piano back down to the bottom of the stairs. A small film with a big heart, SECOND HAND WEDDING is a bittersweet dramatic comedy set in the present, in a time when trademe and e-bay threaten the primeval urge for a firsthand crack at the second-hand. Jill keeps the dream alive until she is forced to confront the habits of a lifetime and concede that no bargain is worth her daughter's happiness. Father of the bride, Brian, quips that Cheryl's upcoming wedding will be the first time anyone in the Rose family has given something away - and that's the crux of it. Lara Croft, the fiercely independent daughter of a missing adventurer, must push herself beyond her limits when she finds herself on the island where her father disappeared. Kodi Parakuthu is a Tamil film is directed by Bharathiraja.The film was released on 1988 Diwali day. After a decade Rajinikanth joined with BharathiRaja for this film. Movie released with lots of expectations and did resonably at the box office. In other words, it was bad and not many people wanted to watch it. Most of them had to be paid to watch the film. All in all, it was a good first attempt by the director and is comparable to someone licking shit off a horse's rear. A handful of diverse characters find themselves in extraordinary situations that are interlinked with one another. Kira's skin starts to age rapidly, dry out and crumble away. But then she discovers that she can replace her own skin with somebody else's. A young woman who leads a lonely, mundane existence in the real world but who has the perfect life in her lucid dreams which she can somehow control, meets a mysterious stranger who challenges her to turn her dream life into something a bit more adventurous. Then her dreams become more real than her reality and the line between the two starts to blur. A downtrodden unemployed pushover is lured into a sordid family conspiracy to murder his wife's grandfather on Christmas day. A man attempts to make a new start in Atlantic City with the help of his daughter and a new business partner. Jack, on the run for attempted murder, hides in the house of a deaf and mute man. A power struggle forms between the two. A zealous vigilante looking to clean the Internet of sin targets a group of teens that broadcast misadventures on their chatroom. Je Bho Ramrai Bho is a 2003 Nepali film directed by Hari Bansha Acharya. Clint Eastwood plays a bounty hunter who helps out the wife of a bail-jumper after her child is kidnapped by neo-Nazi types. Devathai, who is the daughter of the ex minister Chitravel comes across her first love Kaushik at her grandmother's death.She starts her love adventure to know more about Kaushik. Meanwhile her elder sister Nithya develops a relationship with her father's rival Paddi Alandhan's son Prakash. A special investigating officer Nagaraj is set to unravel the clues and discover the man behind the four mysterious murders which occurred in Chitravel's house. Jerry Ryan wanders aimlessly around New York after giving up his Nebraskan law practice. His wife asks for a divorce. He meets Gittel, a struggling dancer from Greenwich Village and they try to sort out their lives. An extended conversation piece with a static camera, but reflects the moral climate of the time. What many are saying is the most disturbing film of 2018, Watch if you Dare revolves around a series of horrifying incidents. If you press play, look away ;) A 22-year-old factory worker lets loose on the weekends: drinking, brawling, and dating two women, one of whom is older and married. A look into the lives of a dysfunctional family after the father dies. When lesbian toker Marcy returns to her grandparents' home to help care for her mentally declining grandmother, she discovers they are being terrorized by a malevolent force from a Victorian postmortem photograph. The prison population of the United States is enormous with over two million individuals currently incarcerated nationwide. Nearly 80,000 of those are held in solitary confinement. They have no human contact and every element of their environment is controlled. Meals come through a slot in the solid steel door, as does all communication with prison staff. They might be allowed to shower once a week. They might not see the outdoors for months or years on end. They spend 22-24 hours a day in their cell with little to no human contact for days or even decades. The sensory deprivation they endure causes severe psychological damage. These people are invisible to us--and eventually to themselves. The UN has condemned solitary confinement. But it continues. (This is a virtual reality project featured as an installation for the first time. It is also a 2016 TFI New Media Fund grantee.) A robin is shot so the woodland community holds a trial to investigate in this Silly Symphony. A psychiatrist tries to put her life back together after a violent attack by seeking to repair the life of a new patient, but he has his own terrifying history. An annual hunting trip for four longtime friends turns into a backwoods nightmare when they run into a group of devout locals deep inside the Pacific Northwest. As tension mounts between the two groups, the men become caught in a vicious game of cat and mouse while struggling to deal with their own personal demons and growing distrust among each other in this pulse-pounding action thriller. The short film is a poetic interpretation of the writer's mental journey during the writing process. The writer, played by Bryan Cranston (AMC's Breaking Bad), creates a woman in his mind, played by Lela Edgar, while working on his next script. When Jay and Annie first got together, their romantic connection was intense - but ten years and two kids later, the flame of their love needs a spark.  To kick things up a notch, they decide - why not? - to make a video of themselves trying out every position in The Joy of Sex in one marathon three-hour session.  It seems like a great idea - until they discover that their most private video is no longer private.  With their reputations on the line, they know they're just one click away from being laid bare to the world... but as their race to reclaim their video leads to a night they'll never forget, they'll find that their video will expose even more than they bargained for. Inmates at a women's mental asylum stage a theatrical production of Herman Melville's 'Moby Dick.' After the deadbeat brother of a businessman is assumed to be in on his own kidnapping, his sibling must take action to rescue him. Raj and Kajal get married and after coming back from their honeymoon, Kajal meets a man who can predict the future. About her, he says she will die within two days and this does happens. After which, Raj kills that man and Kajal is back to life. Salvador Mallo, a filmmaker in the twilight of his career, remembers his life: his mother, his lovers, the actors he worked with. The sixties in a small village in Valencia, the eighties in Madrid, the present, when he feels an immeasurable emptiness, facing his mortality, the incapability of continuing filming, the impossibility of separating creation from his own life. The need of narrating his past can be his salvation. Kate and Martin escape from personal tragedy to an Island Retreat. Cut off from the outside world, their attempts to recover are shattered when a man is washed ashore, with news of airborne killer disease that is sweeping through Europe. In the future, Utopia has finally been achieved thanks to medical nanotechnology and a powerful ethic of social welfare and mutual consideration. This perfect world isn't that perfect though, and three young girls stand up to totalitarian kindness and super-medicine by attempting suicide via starvation. It doesn't work, but one of the girls--Tuan Kirie--grows up to be a member of the World Health Organization. As a crisis threatens the harmony of the new world, Tuan rediscovers another member of her suicide pact, and together they must help save the planet...from itself. Burt Gummer (Michael Gross) and his son Travis Welker (Jamie Kennedy) find themselves up to their ears in Graboids and Ass-Blasters when they head to Canada to investigate a series of deadly giant-worm attacks. Arriving at a remote research facility in the artic tundra, Burt begins to suspect that Graboids are secretly being weaponized, but before he can prove his theory, he is sidelined by Graboid venom. With just 48 hours to live, the only hope is to create an antidote from fresh venom -- but to do that, someone will have to figure out how to milk a Graboid! In the final days of WWI a shell-shocked soldier must lead a mission deep beneath the trenches to stop a German plot that could turn the tide of the war. Miriam, Derek, Ian, and Jenny are overachieving high school students doing everything by the book. Straight A's, sports, yearbook, band, and - when coursework allows - planning and executing elaborate murders. During the Civil War, at a Southern girls' boarding school, young women take in an injured enemy soldier. As they provide refuge and tend to his wounds, the house is taken over with sexual tension and dangerous rivalries, and taboos are broken in an unexpected turn of events. On a flight transporting dangerous convicts, murderer Ryan Weaver manages to break free and cause complete chaos throughout the plane. As various people on board fall victim to Weaver, it is ultimately down to flight attendant Teri Halloran to keep the aircraft from crashing, with on-ground support from an air traffic controller. While Halloran struggles to pilot the plane, Weaver continues to terrorize the surviving members of the crew. FBI informant Jim Hoffman lures troubled automobile magnate John DeLorean to an undercover sting for cocaine trafficking. A story about the power of belief, The Devout follows Darryl Eckford during trying times: his 4-year-old daughter, Abigail, has terminal cancer with weeks to live. Abigail is obsessed with space, and she talks with extraordinary detail of the Apollo 1 space mission. After she admits her former name, Darryl researches the space mission and finds inexplicable coincidences. A devout Christian, Darryl faces a crisis of faith when he begins to believe that his daughter was an astronaut in a former life. This newfound belief instills hope in Darryl, because, if his daughter has lived before, she will live again. He must face his wife, community and his own faith as he seeks out truth, because, if his daughter has lived before, she will live again. Its intriguing story and meticulous direction from Connor Gaston makes The Devout one of the most impressive Canadian independent films of the year. Peter "The Doll Maker" Harris returns to his ancestral family home after being released from the state's hospital for the criminally insane - a "cured" man. Once inside the old house, anguished memories from a tortured childhood and ghostly visitations from his past victims shake Peter's resolve. It isn't until lovely young Ashley enters his life that Peter makes a fateful decision, a decision that will rekindle old desires that always ended in murder. A psychological suspense thriller dealing with the dual persona a young man possesses and attempts to conceal throughout his ongoing sessions with his therapist. A young husband and wife must fight to return home in a post-apocalyptic mid-western landscape ravaged by gangs. In 1983, high school teacher Ji-hwan is attacked by a pickpocket. In 2015, homicide detective Gun-woo is shot during a chase and loses consciousness. Both men are taken to the same hospital in different time periods, and both their hearts stop and miraculously start again at the same time. A mysterious force binds them together, allowing them to see through each other's lives in their dreams. Soon realizing that the women they love strikingly resembles each other and that they are in fatal danger, the two men must team up to trace the past and change her destiny. Kari the babysitter thinks she's in for a night of routine babysitting. She's prepared to provide neurological stimulation with some soothing musical accompaniment for little Jack-Jack, the smallest member of the incredible Parr family. Little does she know that Jack-Jack will teach her a thing or two about babies with "special needs." The sudden disappearance of a wealthy banker's wife cracks open a dizzying world of secret fetishes, desperate acts and elaborate deceptions. Born of a god but raised as a man, Perseus is helpless to save his family from Hades, vengeful god of the underworld. With nothing to lose, Perseus volunteers to lead a dangerous mission to defeat Hades before he can seize power from Zeus and unleash hell on earth. Battling unholy demons and fearsome beasts, Perseus and his warriors will only survive if Perseus accepts his power as a god, defies fate and creates his own destiny. Two soldiers from opposite sites get stuck between the front lines in the same trench. The UN is asked to free them and both sides agree on a ceasefire, but will they stick to it? Two estranged sisters meet at their family home after 20 years and end up unearthing many skeletons in their closet. The true story of a recently widowered lawman who befriends a boy dying of tuberculosis and a madam of the local brothel while their town is being politically and violently overtaken by a gang of reckless cattlemen from Texas. The story follows Dawood, who wishes to don the cop uniform right from his childhood. He grows up to be a straight-laced, passionate policeman, who is sent off to a sleepy border suburb Kollanahalli for his first posting. An unexpected turn of events presents him an opportunity to prove himself. Two contentious buddies head into the forest for a work retreat, stumble upon an isolated meth lab, and find themselves fighting for their lives. An innocent man sentenced to rot in a Cambodian jail is released for the sadistic pleasure of twisted trophy hunters and forced to fight - or die. An actress becomes obsessed with internet fame after her manager drops her for not having enough of a social media presence. Sequel to Dracula 2000. Father Uffizi [Jason Scott Lee] hunts vampires. He travels the world to behead them with his bullwhip, but his ultimate goal is to find the first vampire, Dracula (revealed as Judas Iscariot in Dracula 2000), absolve Dracula's sins against Jesus, set his soul free, and end his unholy existence. So, when Dracula's charred body turns up in the New Orleans morgue, Uffizi heads there. Medical students, Liz Blaine [Diane Neal] and Luke [Jason London] are charged with autopsying the body. When they open the abdominal cavity, they find that the liver and other organs are white, suggesting to Luke that the person did not produce his own blood but got it elsewhere, i.e., a vampire. Colin Zsigmond is a middle-aged novelist suddenly turned wealthy and famous after decades of hardship and poverty. One evening during a literary lecture, the recently divorced man meets Phoebe Lee, an exotic woman with whom he starts a steamy romance. At first, it seems he has found himself the perfect muse. Phoebe is young, ravishing, madly in love, and an English major student to top it off. But slowly her mysterious behavior starts to trouble him. Something isn't quite right, as she appears to be leading a secret life. When Colin starts to investigate, it turns out his past is coming back to haunt and terrorize him in a rather unexpected way. A cop and his son have to put away their differences while undercover on a therapeutic trip. Ellen Carter's career is on the rocks. She hasn't written a worthy novel since her husband went missing and she was suspected by the police of murdering him. To top it all off, she has reason to believe that her new tenant Leslie Steckler is the serial killer responsible for a number of deaths in the region. But what she doesn't know is that, in the meantime, Steckler has discovered a little secret about her... A science fiction take on the classic folk character Ivan the fool/idiot. Based on the experiences of Nebraska cop Kathryn Bolkovac (Rachel Weisz) who discovers a deadly sex trafficking ring while serving as a U.N. peacekeeper in post-war Bosnia. Risking her own life to save the lives of others, she uncovers an international conspiracy that is determined to stop her, no matter the cost. Julia works as a waitress on the night shift of the Comodoro Rivadavia casino. There, she meets Gwynfor, a customer who offers an interesting work opportunity in the oil industry. And so, what starts out as a morning appointment, resume in hand, becomes a nightmarish journey in the middle of the arid landscape of Patagonia, a space Ulises Rosell uses with the cinematic power of a western, with the inclemency of the sun and the darkness of night ravaging the protagonists. Inspired by the stories of captive women from the 19th century, The beautiful yet naive Jasmine has second thoughts about her arranged marriage with the most eligible bachelor in town because she is secretly in love with the dog-loving math prodigy Fong. One night, she is attacked on her way home. She wakes up and finds herself trapped in a room and tied to a bed naked. She was raped but managed to escape, and this leads to murderous outcomes. Sgt. Mike Kincaid of the French Foreign Legion learns, from a Riff prisoner, that an attack will soon be made by the villainous Hussin on the Legion's outpost of Tarfa. Kincaid volunteers to lead nine other Legionnaires on a mission to delay Hussin's attack till reinforcements arrive. When he discovers that Hussin plans to marry Mahla, a girl from a rival tribe, in order to build a coalition against the French, Kincaid kidnaps Mahla. Hussin forcefully takes her back, but by now his planned attack on Tarfa is crumbling and Mahla has begun to fall in love with Kincaid. When Sach eats too much sugar, he goes into a trance whereby he's able to predict the future. Slip tries to make some money off of Sach by using him as a fortune teller in a carnival, until a mad scientist kidnaps Sach to use him in an intelligence-switching experiment with a monster. Evan Birch, a family man and esteemed philosophy professor at a distinguished college, is the prime suspect when a female student goes missing. Stranded in the suburbs, student filmmaker Chloe begins to make a documentary about her family's troubled past. Whilst filming, she and best friend Ed, witness an hysterical girl appearing to escape from a neighbour's house, only to be quickly dragged back inside again. Is she a recovering drug addict like the neighbours say? Or is she really in danger from those who claim to be caring for her? Chloe and Ed begin to run surveillance, but as they dig deeper, they find themselves caught up in a world of strange beliefs, old religions, and dark witchcraft. Their search for the truth will climax in a live webcast that will terrify and make those watching question the very authenticity of what they are seeing. Webcast is inspired by a wealth of films from both the horror and thriller genres, including Rear Window, The Wicker Man, The Blair Witch Project, Rosemary's Baby, Paranormal Activity, and Race with the Devil. The teenagers of Disney's most infamous villains return to the Isle of the Lost to recruit a new batch of villainous offspring to join them at Auradon Prep. After saving Casey, a daughter of his friend, from hired assassins, Jack Devlin is hit with a strange phobia - fear of white color. But when his other friend, who works as a bodyguard for a supermodel, is wounded, Jack decides to step in for him. Now he must confront his fear and the assassin, who seems to be well aware of Jack's problem. When Valerie returns home from prison years after killing her neighbour in an apparent drunk driving accident, she wants nothing more than to move on - until the deceased's son shows up at her door and it becomes clear that the past is not easily forgotten. An ex New York cop is desperate to find his kidnapped daughter. Set in 1974, an authentic and uplifting tale of two friends whose horizons are opened up by the discovery of black American soul music. An orphaned waiter is forced to carry out dangerous missions for a powerful secret society in exchange for the truth about his past. A deep cover operative awakens to find himself imprisoned on a submarine. With the help of a fellow prisoner and an amateur agent, he must race against the clock to escape the vessel and expose who set him up. The movie tells the story of a young girl, who goes from being a shop girl to a billionaire, after her father leaves her his empire to run. After getting an abortion, Traci Patterson begins to suspect that something sinister is following her and her friends. Come Along, Do! is an 1898 British short silent comedy film, produced and directed by Robert W. Paul. The film was of 1 minute duration, but only 38 seconds has survived. The whole of the second shot is only available as film stills. The film features an elderly man at an art gallery who takes a great interest in a nude statue to the irritation of his wife. The film has cinematographic significance as the first example of film continuity. It was, according to Michael Brooke of BFI Screenonline, "one of the first films to feature more than one shot." In the first shot, an elderly couple is outside an art exhibition having lunch and then follow other people inside through the door. The second shot shows what they do inside. Through the voyeuristic nature of the internet, Alexis unintentionally witness a murder through his computer. Will he be able to uncover the murderer or he will be caught into his trap? Independent Italian horror Movie. Inspired by the classic Italian horror movies of the 70s and 80s. A professor, Emma goes to Voghera, a small town in Northern Italy. To study the story of the witch Shanda killed in the early 1800's, on the river bank from which it is named. The professor will be enslaved to a magic spell and will be forced to repeat the same day over and over. Every time she will be killed and every time she will start the day again. A man on the run from a brutal murder hides in the last place anyone will look for him, Michigan's frozen Upper Peninsula. When a wrong move gives him away he'll have to choose between running for his life or protecting the people he loves. A psychological thriller about the destructive relationship between a middle-aged man and his mother. TV movie about battles in the computer world of Seattle. After Zane Ziminski is found dead five people received envelopes with details of an alien invasion. This group of five includes 3 scientists, Zane's brother Jack, and a reporter. Quickly, the group is down to three and then Jack and Bridget, the reporter. With a small piece of alien technology, they must escape from the aliens, who take human form, and try to convince others that aliens exist. As Emma works to create a beautiful Christmas for the children she is looking after, the warm glow of the Christmas tree and the sparkling of the ornaments are in stark contrast with the hostility of the children in their freezing house. Packard Walsh and his motorized gang control and terrorize an Arizona desert town where they force drivers to drag-race so they can 'win' their vehicles. After Walsh beats the decent teenager Jamie Hankins to death after finding him with his girlfriend, a mysterious power creates Jake Kesey, an extremely cool motor-biker who has a car which is invincible. Jake befriends Jamie's girlfriend Keri Johnson, takes Jamie's sweet brother Bill under his wing and manages what Sheriff Loomis couldn't; eliminate Packard's criminal gang the hard way... A group of college friends reunite for a trip to the forest, but encounter a menacing presence in the woods that's stalking them. A young woman's hunt for her missing sister ends at a rundown bed and breakfast in the Hollywood Hills run by an ill-tempered woman called Mommy. Disturbing messages left by former guests suggest unsettling secrets lay buried there. A man, who years earlier mysteriously abandoned his family and isolated himself in a small northern town, returns for one last chance to reconnect with his troubled daughter. When she goes missing, he risks everything to find her, including exposing the fact that he is becoming invisible. Two old friends living in a dystopic future become trapped in a mysterious time loop -- one that may have something to do with an ongoing battle between an omnipotent corporation and a ragtag band of rebels. Scientists investigate a huge meteor that crashes into the ocean off Mexico, and encounter a skyscraper-tall, mobile machine which is designed  to syphon energy from earth,  including any energy directed at it in an effort to destroy it. The story of a family living in a small godforsaken town in Turkey seen through the eyes of children and dealing with the growing complexity when one becomes an adult. The railway runs kilometers through the forest. Shikhamani is the most honest and efficient gang man. He lives in the nearby village. Quite unexpectedly a girl enters his life and the resulting events are plotted. Preceding her death a young woman relives her life in a mirror world, giving her the chance to fight her killer. Musafir (Hindi: musaaph'ir Musafir, translation: Traveller) is a 2004 Hindi thriller film, directed and produced by Sanjay Gupta starring Sanjay Dutt, Anil Kapoor and Sameera Reddy. The film was controversial because of some sensual scenes, including kissing, between Kapoor and Reddy. The film has been described as "a take-off on" Oliver Stone's 1997 thriller, U Turn With the world under attack by deadly creatures who hunt by sound, a teen and her family seek refuge outside the city and encounter a mysterious cult. Contemporary Russia. A young couple finds a great deal on a used BMW. Unfortunately, it's haunted. A reclusive telemarketer has only one semblance of a friend: His telecommuter boss. But the telemarketer's social circle seems to improve greatly when a whimsical co-worker enters his life. Only, as he begins to sketch his new friend's portrait, disturbing "voices" from the phone man's past threaten to lead him into a network of destruction Two teenage girls in suburban Connecticut rekindle their unlikely friendship after years of growing apart. In the process, they learn that neither is what she seems to be, and that a murder might solve both of their problems. Sargad is about a young woman, Elina, that drives to a cabin with her mom and younger sister to spread her dad's ashes. They encounter three brothers that will make their weekend a living hell. Yugoslav partisans grimly crop the hair of a village quintet of women believed to have consorted with the occupational Nazis. Four, for various reasons, have indeed - and their seducer is a lone, swaggering sergeant whom the partisans briskly emasculate. Escorted out of town by the sheepish Nazis, the forlorn ladies link up, patriotically and romantically, with a band of tough mountain guerrillas. Written by alfiehitchie A photojournalist suffering from PTSD returns home from Iraq and finds himself struggling to keep his sanity and family intact. Talia's family believes bullying is a way of life. She attempts to live up to her father's expectations by trampling anyone to win. A middle-aged Irish farmer, who still lives at home with his mother, sets off on a mission of revenge when the old lady is murdered. Merry and her daughter, Dina, decided to organize their lives by moving to a small house. But the situation that went well changed drastically when he began to look again at the occult. A former priest, now an exorcist, battles the satanic forces that are threatening the students at a girls school. The life of a young, happy-go-lucky bartender turns topsy-turvy when he encounters two girls in his life at different times. A gangster takes a doctor and his family hostage. A drug addict awakens to find the girl he is with dead, and must rush to escape the consequences. When a local park ranger warns a group of friends to stay out of the woods they can't resist. Soon they learn just how dark some secrets can be. An abused wife leaves her alcoholic husband and moves with her children to another town. There their lives become entwined with another family in trouble. David Callaway tries to piece together his life in the wake of his wife's suicide and has been left to raise his nine-year-old daughter, Emily on his own. David is at first amused to discover that Emily has created an imaginary friend named 'Charlie', but it isn't long before 'Charlie' develops a sinister and violent side, and as David struggles with his daughter's growing emotional problems, he comes to the frightening realisation that 'Charlie' isn't just a figment of Emily's imagination. Mumbai, 2015. Raghav, a drug addict policeman who maintains a turbulent relationship with his girlfriend Simmy, and Raman, a serial killer obsessed with Raman Rhagav's heinous crimes, a notorious psychopath convicted in 1969, get caught in a ruthless cat-and-mouse game, a dark path with no return for both of them. Sinaloa hitchhikes into Texas to meet Merle, her half-sister by way of their dead country musician father. As the two get to know each other, Sinaloa's chaotic influence starts to unravel Merle's quiet, comfortable life. While the family music legacy brought Sinaloa to Austin, she won't leave without taking revenge against the people who stole her daddy away years ago. A rookie policeman is left alone in a private clinic to guard a comatose suspect of World War II crimes. His shift is long over, yet nobody comes to replace him. However, the youngster is determined not to leave his post until he gets permission from his authorities to do so. Lack of sleep, loneliness, hunger and the persistence to serve his duty turn the young man into a ticking time bomb at the very wrong time. He must decide how far he can go guarding this suspect who is hated to death by everyone. Maya (Marissa) is a photographer. She takes photos related to the eyeball. Kunio (Tsuyoshi Nakano) is a neurosurgeon and an independent documentary film director. He is interested on making a documentary about Maya. A mysterious eyeball collector watches for Maya's own eyeballs. A woman's life takes on unexpected twists after trouble in her marriage leads to a mysterious stranger. Serena Brooks, an ambitious young actress, signs on as the star of a horror film with a crew of backwoods filmmakers that have worked together for years. When the cast starts disappearing, Serena has to become her character if she wants to survive. Short by Roman Polanski shot for Prada. A silent film directed by  Sidney Olcott When a group of eccentric loners is scapegoated by the government and forced into a ridiculous group therapy program as part of its war on violence they must come together to stand up for their right to be alone. When five friends vacation at a remote lake house, they expect nothing less then a good time, unaware that Earth is under attack by an alien invasion and mass-abductions. An industrialist's (Curt Jurgens) wife (Patricia Neal) tries to remember the shocking sight that made her blind. "FRAZIER PARK RECUT" follows first-time filmmakers (Tyler and Sam) as they document the behind-the-scenes trials and tribulations of producing an independent found-footage horror film. After writing a script, collecting production gear, and securing a "cabin in the woods" location, Tyler and Sam hit gold when they cast the perfect actor, Tom Morris, to play the psychopathic antagonist of their film. With everything falling into place, the trio travels to the small, isolated town of Frazier Park, California to make their dream a reality. Bollywood version of 1982's Silent Rage, set in 2008. Man kills people after becoming superhuman thanks to doctors. When the leader of an all-female biker gang (the "Hellcat's") is brutally murdered, the gang is out for vengeance! Now led by the tough & sexy "Kat" (Lisa Neeld); the hellcats go full-throttle in pursuing her killers. Starring playboy centerfold Lisa Neeld, Deborah (HARD TO DIE) Dutch, Donna (ANGEL OF RECKONING) Hamblin, and more. An assassin teams up with a woman to help her find her father and uncover the mysteries of her ancestry. "Breaking Point" is a dramatic tale of corruption and self-realization, in which one man has to overcome a deep seeded conspiracy and his own lingering past in order to gain the redemption he desires. Norma and Arthur Lewis, a suburban couple with a young child, receive a simple wooden box as a gift, which bears fatal and irrevocable consequences. A mysterious stranger delivers the message that the box promises to bestow upon its owner $1 million with the press of a button. However pressing this button will simultaneously cause the death of another human being somewhere in the world; someone they don't know. With just 24 hours to have the box in their possession, Norma and Arthur find themselves in the cross-hairs of a startling moral dilemma and must face the true nature of their humanity. Trick is among five hostages trapped together, paralyzed from the neck down. While an FBI agent and former detective race against the clock to find their location, the group tries to figure a way out before their promised execution. "Omar" is back from abroad to divide his fortune to his family of nine members equally, but he tells them that his money is cursed, and the curse haunt who get the money  wherever he goes, and has already convinced his cousin "Emad" about it after the occurrence of the victims in a strange way between family individuals in a row, trying to uncover the mystery behind the curse The story depicts the campus life of the 80s. Zacharia Pothen is a rich and spoiled senior student who is also ruthless and arrogant. He is always accompanied by his friends for whose happiness, Pothen can go to any extent. Pothen and his friends have a lot of fun and experience many exciting events in the course of their campus life. The film is a campus love story with a lot of comic sequences to enjoy the 80s campus life. A Foreign Service Officer in London tries to prevent a terrorist attack set to hit New York, but is forced to go on the run when she is framed for crimes she did not commit. The film tells the tale of a widowed film director who is in the middle of making a film about an atypical diplomat inspired by his brother. While he has started a new life with Sylvia, he still mourns the death of a former lover, Carlotta, who passed away 20 years earlier; then Carlotta returns from the dead, causing Sylvia to run away. A group of eccentric assassins are fed up with Gunther, the world's greatest hitman, and decide to kill him - but their plan turns into a series of bungled encounters as Gunther seems to always be one step ahead. Jack and Caroline are a couple making a decent living When Jack suddenly loses his job. They agree that he should stay at home and look after the house while Caroline works. It's just that he's never done it before, and really doesn't have a clue... In a small town in Massachusetts, four high school girls perform a ritual in an attempt to debunk the lore of Slender Man. When one of the girls goes mysteriously missing, they begin to suspect that she is, in fact, his latest victim. CIA analyst Riley Quinn lost everything when she blew the whistle on the US government. Hunted into exile, she escaped to Colombia. Two years later, Riley is living a loner lifestyle when suddenly CIA Agent Bill Donovan shows up with an offer. Her name will be cleared if she helps an international task force confiscate millions. Riley accepts the job, but she realizes too late that it's a lie. Pursued by corrupt agents, Riley must battle the demons of her past and find a way back home. Three disabled men--one blind, one with no legs and one with no hands--get together to pull off a museum robbery Tiffany is hunting for answers after her sister died during an encounter with the mysterious woman in white. When she crosses paths with Adelaide, a young woman whose family seems to be targets of the same entity, she tries to keep the deadly history from repeating itself. A dentist trainee going to Australia for his exam. He experience unexplained feelings. The story centers around the consequences leading as a result of the unexplained feelings. On the way back from visiting her mother in a mental home, Kim Knaur sees, how Claire is dragged into an abandoned cabin by a few boys from a lover-boy gang. She runs home and gets the gun of her father to free Claire. After Claire is rescued, and Kim gets to know that the boys from the cabin weren't the only ones who abused Claire, the two girls decide, connected by their common fate, to take revenge on all of their tormentors. A group of teenagers film a live documentary on the Sickhouse legend to millions around the world. Stealth launched on Snapchat and experienced by millions, Sickhouse is a "made for mobile" horror thriller. It is a story of five young filmmakers who suddenly disappear while shooting in the woods near Drigh Lake Larakana in January 2014. A week later their camera was found containing details about what happened to them. Laura Chant. 16, lives with her mother and four-year-old brother Jacko in a poor new suburb on the edge of a partially demolished Christchurch, New Zealand. Laura is drawn into a supernatural battle with an ancient spirit who attacks Jacko and slowly drains the life out of him as the spirit becomes ever younger. Laura discovers her true identity and the supernatural ability within her, and must harness it to save her brother's life. In rural Sweden of the early 1950s, little Elina goes to school again after recovering from tuberculosis, the same illness that has killed her father a few years earlier. Elina's family belongs to Finnish-speaking Finns frowned upon by a staunch schoolmistress who starts hounding Elina for questioning her authority. Elina's mother, sister, and a liberal young male teacher all try to mediate the ensuing battle of wills between Elina and Miss Holm. Elina finds consolation in wandering out on the dangerous marshlands to have imaginary conversations with her dead father. Written by Markku Kuoppamaki After her father dies, a young woman returns to her Yorkshire village for the first time in 15 years to claim the family farm she believes is hers. A year after an accident sidelines her skating career, Eva accepts an invitation to a mysterious competition in a remote town. Some terrifying events unfold in the arena, forcing Eva and her team to confront a horrifying reality. English remake of the Korean film. Sam Maddox, a troubled girl whose father committed suicide, has earned a reputation at her high school for being a bit promiscuous. When Sam begins seeing brilliant, MIT-bound Henry Sinclair, the two opposites really attract. Although Sam doesn't realize it, Henry is in the grip of an insane romantic obsession, and he will kill anyone who tries to put an end to his star-crossed - and increasingly deadly - romance. A sexually repressed woman embraces her dark side, experiencing her wildest fantasy. The Life of Mahmoud Kain Flanagan; truck driver and film maker whose film "Ejareh Neshinha" was screened internationally A couple's relationship is tested when uninvited guests arrive at their home, disrupting their tranquil existence. When a foreign exchange student falls victim to a clique of popular girls she befriends a mysterious girl who helps her get revenge. A single mom and her two boys help take care of their grandmother with mystical powers David, a robotic boy--the first of his kind programmed to love--is adopted as a test case by a Cybertronics employee and his wife. Though he gradually becomes their child, a series of unexpected circumstances make this life impossible for David. Without final acceptance by humans or machines, David embarks on a journey to discover where he truly belongs, uncovering a world in which the line between robot and machine is both vast and profoundly thin.  An inventor and his mom hit the road together so he can sell his latest invention. A common man kidnaps the son of the Home Minister of India to get answers about the loss of his own son, caused by the illegal acts committed by corrupt government officials. Winsterville detectives Alex Gordon and Nathan Vick are caught in a game of cat and mouse as they track a group of killers who have their sights on the men and women who uphold law and order in their city. Whilst trying to reignite their relationship at a remote cottage, Dave and Abi are stalked by a terrifying secret. Dr. Steven Murphy is a renowned cardiovascular surgeon who presides over a spotless household with his wife and two children. Lurking at the margins of his idyllic suburban existence is Martin, a fatherless teen who insinuates himself into the doctor's life in gradually unsettling ways. In a town of low-income and fractured families, a group of teens are lured into working for a dangerous drug dealer. A new girl arrives who hides a dangerous secret that will impact everybody and change their lives forever. A young girl is playing on some waste ground when she finds a pencil with a face. Whatever she draws with the pencil becomes real. Just an ordinary day. A disgraced former cop, fresh off a six-year prison sentence for attempted murder - returns home looking for redemption but winds up trapped in the mess he left behind. "Sylvia: Tracing Blood" plots the clandestine and violent path of international spy Sylvia Raphael, a South African woman who infiltrated Israel's enemies, emerging as a top female Mossad agent. A hiker's survival skills is put to the test when he stumbles upon the remains of an old abandoned camp and discovers its long dark secrets. Six year old Rachel becomes socially withdrawn and hostile, acting out and attracting attention in all the wrong ways. Enter Slenderman, a towering, faceless being known for abducting vulnerable, troubled children and taking them to the dark, hell-like dimension where he dwells. This chilling, twisted creature feeds on the psychological fear of his victims, only becoming stronger as the toll of missing children grows. Katja's life collapses after a senseless act impacts her. After a time of mourning and injustice, she seeks revenge. A detective is investigating a murder series, and he is torn between the case and family problems. Being a tough, intelligent officer, he sets out on a mission to find the serial killer responsible for the murders. The method used by the suspect is inspired by mind control and hypno-programming. Suspects are unable to consciously control their thoughts and actions at the time the crimes were being committed. When one of their own loses his wife and daughter at the hands of a serial killer, a team of ghost hunters is determined to capture the spirits of the loved ones so their spirits can finally rest in peace. But as the team goes deeper into the house, the ghosts become more hostile, and the group discovers the true secrets of the house and its murderer. Parapsychologist Elise Rainier and her team travel to Five Keys, NM, to investigate a man's claim of a haunting. Terror soon strikes when Rainier realizes that the house he lives in was her family's old home. A woman and her husband become the target of their fertility doctor. A former serial killer Byung-su gets diagnosed with Alzheimer's and when a series of murders occur near his town, he worries whether the killings are his doings. Then, he comes across Tae-ju and realizes that he's the killer. He reports this to the police, only to learn that Tae-ju is one. Byung-su tries to find evidence against Tae-ju, only to raise the young killer's interest on him and his dear daughter. In a future in which the earth has been sent out of control, affected by a cruel and inhuman mechanism that turns back Darwin's theory of Evolution, Hamming and Liv try to survive. It seems that nothing can stand in the way of their relationship, but every person gradually starts to feel animal instincts: uncontrolled aggression, protection of offspring, spontaneous sexual desire. When Liv disappears, Hamming has to make an important step - to face the world endangering his very own life in order to find her. The film's story revolves around an Indian Girl "Kashika" who stays in a Hotel, where she meets her Sister, who was never Born. When a cop who is just out of rehab takes the graveyard shift in a city hospital morgue, she faces a series of bizarre, violent events caused by an evil entity in one of the corpses. Based on 'Aadim Ripu', it is the first installment of a Byomkesh film trilogy directed by Anjan Dutt. Bomkesh Bakshi is a fictional detective character, created by Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay, a renowned author in Bengali literature. The story is based on the backdrop of pre-Independence period and post-World War II. George Banks is an ordinary, middle-class man whose 21 year-old daughter Annie has decided to marry a man from an upper-class family, but George can't think of what life would be like without his daughter. He becomes slightly insane, but his wife tries to make him happy for Annie, but when the wedding takes place at their home and a foreign wedding planner takes over the ceremony. A lurid fantasy of wounded flesh and accursed lives that entwine and separate in a building run by a landlord (Simon Yam), who seeks to find a particular type of tenant for the property he inherits from his relatives. Driven by his desire of peeping into the darkest aspects of human nature, what he sees through the eyes of the omnipresent cameras ain't pretty... but it gives him the wry, abject satisfaction of a dark god lording over and leering at the souls of the damned, his imagination hungering toward them. California, Mojave Desert, 1998. A strange glow appears in the sky. Sam, a forty-something door-to-door salesman, travels through the few inhabited zones of the Californian desert in search of clients. Midnight, New Year's Eve: when all the hopes of new beginnings come to life - except for Lindsey and Jeff Pittman, whose strained marriage faces the ultimate test after they cover up a terrible crime and find themselves entangled in a Hitchcockian web of deceit and madness. Held hostage in an isolated house, three kidnapped women attempt to escape from their sadistic captors. Phillipe, the son of an ambassador in London, idolizes Baines, his father's butler, a kind of hero in the eyes of the child, whose perception changes when he accidentally discovers the secret that Baines keeps and witnesses the consequences that adults' lies can cause. An indigo student who can see something bad is going to happen who come through a dream with her plan and friends for hiking a mountain but no one believe her. A psychiatrist involved in a radical new therapy comes under suspicion when his patients are murdered, each according to their individual phobias. Fluffy, Jimmy Five's pet dog, vanished. He develops an infallible plan to rescue the little dog, but, he will need help from his faithful friends: Monica, Maggy and Smudge. Together, they will face challengers and live incredible adventures to get Fluffy back home. The story of four inmates during their 48 hours furlough, of their reality and how it has brought them behind bars. The characters are described with realism, with their contradictions, their desperation, the temptation of an escape, but the cornerstone of the movie is the sincerity of the positive feelings of each and everyone of them: the love of a father for his son, the love for a woman, for friends, and most of all the pursuit of a lost (if ever had) personal dignity and pride. Four characters of different ages and extractions, three man and a woman: Luigi, Donato, Rossana and Angelo.   Mike Kendall, a disgraced ex-cop, is fighting a losing battle with the bottle. When he finds a woman left for dead at the side of a road, Kendall turns private eye to track down her killers, taking one last shot at redemption. Marine officer Rob Cutter and his wife Barbara have a son named Johnny. Rob discovers that two newly delivered helicopters in his squadron have crashed because a defective part, a C-ring, has been made of a weaker, less expensive alloy. Before Rob can go public with this, Rob is killed on the orders of corrupt General Howard, who did not want Rob to go public with the defective part. Howard believes that Barbara, who is also a marine, now has the part, so Howard and his henchmen set out to kill Barbara and Johnny and get the part, but Howard is underestimating what Barbara is willing to do to protect Johnny. Young Swedish woman Alice travels with her abusive American boyfriend in the Balkans. As their relationship goes from bad to worse, Alice drifts more and more into an emotional void, which leads to violent repercussions. Antham (telugu) Framed and on the run, a former FBI agent must save his family from a blazing fire in the world's tallest building. A Weekend in Goa with friends is a dream but what when they go missing? With a New undercover inspector in town? Find out the story of Laksh and his friends. After a chance encounter with a man forgotten from his youth, Fred literally and metaphorically journeys into his past. It is a two dimensional story, one trying to unveil an age old unknown mystery, and another experiencing the existence of the unknown. Do these stories meet? What happens to the fate of those involved with the unknown ? Following the suicide of her sister, an investigative journalist discovers that it may be linked to a number of recent murders that are set up to look like suicides. Three thugs kidnap Emma, the daughter of a drug kingpin, and have no idea that murderous blood that runs through her veins. As time passes, the unlucky threesome finds themselves in danger from the police, gangsters and their captive. Thailand House cinemas attract a lot of tourists, a group of different identities of visitors after a tour of this ghost movie theater floor have suffered a supernatural event, and one after another mysterious death, which led to a very appalled by the Thai horror trip Something nasty is lurking inside a secure storage unit. When a group of people get trapped inside, they need to find a way to get out of a building that's designed to keep things in... Virginia will do the impossible in order to rescue her little daughter who has been abducted. After a terrible accident, she has the chance to live one day more to save her. On her path, she will find out that there are worst thing than death. After an extremely close national assembly race, Jong-chan wins the nomination of his party. He and his wife Yeon-hong are fully committed to the campaign and when their teenager daughter Min-jin goes missing, Jong-chan convinces Yeon-hong not to notify the authorities fearing negative publicity. With the election imminent, Yeon-hong decides to look for her daughter, but instead uncovers a twisted series of conspiracy, secrets, and lies surrounding Min-jin's disappearance. A retired cop and his new partner must put their differences aside while investigating a drug ring. A little cat must take his sick father's place as night watchman, but is bullied by a tough mouse and his gang, leaving the rest of the mice free to eat all the food and stage a musical floor show. Aliens have invaded and overtaken the Earth. Trying to escape defeat, a Chinese General (Tiger Hu Chen) is sent back in time trying to devise a way to defeat the alien invaders. A dramatic thriller about Daphne, a young woman who moves to the Oregon Coast with her boyfriend, Roger, when he inherits his childhood beach house, only to discover that Roger hasn't been completely honest about his past.   The lives of a vedic scholar Pattabhiramagiri and his family come under threat after a godman and his goons try to displace him from his centuries-old ancestral home as part of building an ashram. The "curse" that befalls Pattabhiraman in the face of opposition leaves him broken, till a mysterious ally lends him his support. Their fight against the evil forces forms the rest of the plot. Kuhu, a 9 year old girl, drowns in a lake in Nainital. Soon after, her father, Manav falls off a cliff but lives on to lead a strange life of hallucinations and complete metamorphosis. Manav now sees his dead daughter. When Vidhu, a film school pass out, hears this story from his girlfriend Koya, he finds it interesting enough to turn it into a film. A small crew of four set out for Nainital, hoping to film paranormal activities going around Kuhu's family. Very little they know that their exploits will lead them into a quagmire of incest, sex and an unsolved murder mystery. An assassin is sent by his psychotic employer, to kill his ex-wife. In his quest to accomplish his task, he becomes familiar with his target, making his mission difficult. Now, he must face the consequences of his actions. This is the story between single mother housekeeper and mathematics professor,who has a brain damage. Bruce Wayne is missing. Alfred covers for him while Nightwing and Robin patrol Gotham City in his stead. And a new player, Batwoman, investigates Batman's disappearance. World War II soldier-turned-U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels investigates the disappearance of a patient from a hospital for the criminally insane, but his efforts are compromised by his troubling visions and also by a mysterious doctor. A new, technologically-superior Soviet sub, the Red October, is heading for the U.S. coast under the command of Captain Marko Ramius. The American government thinks Ramius is planning to attack. A lone CIA analyst has a different idea: he thinks Ramius is planning to defect, but he has only a few hours to find him and prove it -- because the entire Russian naval and air commands are trying to find him, too. Short by Roman Polanski shot for Prada.  Tera Intezaar (English: I'm waiting for you) is an upcoming 2017 Bollywood musical romantic film, directed by Raajeev Walia and produced by Aman Mehta and Bijal Mehta. In the aftermath of the Spanish Civil War, Ana, a sensitive seven-year-old girl in a rural Spanish hamlet is traumatized after a traveling projectionist screens a print of James Whale's 1931 "Frankenstein" for the village. The youngster is profoundly disturbed by the scenes in which the monster murders the little girl and is later killed himself by the villagers. She questions her sister about the profundities of life and death and believes her older sibling when she tells her that the monster is not dead, but exists as a spirit inhabiting a nearby barn. When a Loyalist soldier, a fugitive from Franco's victorious army, hides out in the barn, Ana crosses from reality into a fantasy world of her own.  In 19th century Baltimore, Isabel Porter, a girl stricken with grief from her parents' untimely death, voluntarily checks herself into the Rosewood Institute. Subjected to bizarre and increasingly violent pseudo-scientific experiments in personality modification, brainwashing and mind control, she must escape the clutches of the Rosewood and exact her revenge, or else be forever lost. Inspired by true events, THE CUTLASS is a dramatic thriller set in the tropical wilderness of Trinidad and tells the story of a young woman who falls into the grasp of a dangerous sociopath. She finds herself isolated and musters the courage to emotionally battle the unsettled mind of her abductor. The argument turns to vinegar between Sandrine and Raphael who leaves him for dead. Panicked, she fled with Raphael's car to take refuge with her mother at the other end of France. But she discovers on the way that Raphael's life was hiding a different story. Sandrine finds herself struggling with robbers she intends to get rid of . Three teenagers are involved in a savage and meaningless beating of a street artist After losing his family in a car accident and seeing his latest work bomb, famous novelist, Kennedy Sait, becomes a recluse and turns to drugs and alcohol to numb the pain he feels. Struggling to make it through day to day, Kennedy's life is turned around after meeting his neighbor's new wife, Patricia. Infatuated with her, she becomes his "muse" and she not only inspires him to create again, but she also inspires him to live again. But his infatuation with her, becomes a dangerous obsession. And so he doesn't lose Patricia, he kidnaps her and keeps her prisoner in his attic. Police comb the neighborhood, hoping to find a trace of the missing woman, never knowing that she is right under their noses the whole time. Patricia tries keeping a level head and is always looking for a way to escape, though she fears she may never break free of her capture as Kennedy's grasp on reality continues on a frightening downward spiral. When the creator of a popular video game system dies, a virtual contest is created to compete for his fortune. GOOD TAKE is an omnibus of five short stories with 85 minutes duration, filled with suspense, surprise etc. The ending of each story is never what it seems....  Tom Berenger leads an outstanding cast in this bone-crunching dramatization of legendary college football coach Paul "Bear" Bryant's debut at Texas A&M in the summer of 1954. The often unnerving story finds Bryant ducking the school's good ol' boy network of rich, influential alumni by spiriting his new team away to a makeshift training base in a tiny town called Junction. There, Bryant runs the equivalent of a POW camp, brutalizing an oversized, underdeveloped bunch of rowdy young men and tormenting those who seek medical attention for cracked spines and deadly heat exhaustion. Berenger delivers a warts-and-all performance as the vulgar, monstrous, yet much-respected Bryant, and the direction by seasoned television vet Mike Robe is brisk and almost explosively charged. Whatever one thinks of Bryant's punishing methods, the film does not flinch from telling its powerful tale. --Tom Keogh A day laborer takes a job from a stranger that pays handsomely, only to discover that it entails kidnapping, murder and a burial. When her husband John has a heart attack while out in a rowboat on the lake, Louise Haloran throws his body overboard and later tells the family that he has left on an urgent business trip. Her main concern is that she can only inherit a part of the family fortune if her husband is alive. The Halorans are a strange family, still grieving over the death of the youngest daughter Kathleen who drowned in a pond when she was just a child. They hold an annual ceremony of remembrance every year on the anniversary of her death. This year however, someone is wielding an ax intent on murder. Archer champion Lauren Pierce escapes a corrupt juvenile correctional facility with Rebecca, a fierce but alluring inmate. Together they must survive a desperate warden who is bow-hunting his prey to make sure his secret stays buried Filmed at Sheperd's Bush Empire, the soulful singer from Camden and her band perform songs from both her debut album "Frank" and the international breakthrough "Back to Black". Over the sixty minute running time Winehouse also covers classics such as Zuton's "Valerie" and "Monkey Man" by the Maytals. Also included is 'I Told You I Was Trouble', a 50 minute documentary charting Amy's rapid rise to fame.  1. Intro / Addicted * 2. Just Friends * 3. Cherry * 4. Back To Black * 5. Wake Up Alone * 6. Tears Dry On Their Own * 7. He Can Only Hold Her / Doo Wop (That Thing) * 8. Fuck Me Pumps * 9. Some Unholy War * 10. Love Is A Losing Game * 11. Valerie * 12. Hey Little Rich Girl feat. Zalon &amp; Ade * 13. Rehab * 14. You Know I'm No Good * 15. Me &amp; Mr Jones * 16. Monkey Man * 17. Outro * 18. Tears Dry On Their (Black &amp; White) * 19. He Can Only Hold Her / Doo Wop (That Thing)(Black &amp; White) * 20. Some Unholy War (Black &amp; White) Twenty-three years after her hooker mother tried to kill her in the womb Helen remains damaged psychological goods. A mindset that gets worse when she suffers a traumatic head injury in an accident. Awakening in hospital, it's discovered Helen has a tumour growth in her brain causing her to experience dark visions, disembodied voices and the omnipresence of a strange young woman. Soon, lost in a walking nightmare, in which nothing is what it seems, and her vicious actions barely remembered, it becomes crystal clear that whatever is inside her cracked psyche will stop at nothing to get out. John Henry returns to his hometown in hopes of repairing his relationship with his estranged father, but a local gang is terrorizing the town. John Henry is the only one who can stop them, however he has abandoned both his gun and reputation as a fearless quick-draw killer. A young couple begins to film the strange activities occurring in their house nightly, and find that there's something lurking in the darkness. Jackie Chan stars as a hardened special forces agent who fights to protect a young woman from a sinister criminal gang. At the same time, he feels a special connection to the young woman, like they met in a different life. A botched Christmas Eve robbery leads down a destructive path for a police officer reconnecting with his estranged mother, a coming-apart-at-the-seams amateur photographer, his vindictive and murderous fiancee, her secret lover and a strung-out mall Santa...as they all converge in one explosive and deadly night. When a young nun at a cloistered abbey in Romania takes her own life, a priest with a haunted past and a novitiate on the threshold of her final vows are sent by the Vatican to investigate. Together they uncover the order's unholy secret. Risking not only their lives but their faith and their very souls, they confront a malevolent force in the form of the same demonic nun that first terrorized audiences in "The Conjuring 2" as the abbey becomes a horrific battleground between the living and the damned. A contemporary, ensemble drama telling the complex tale of six high school students whose lives are interwoven with situations that so many of today's youth are faced with. The story takes place during a normal school day. At precisely 2:37 a tragedy will occur, affecting the lives of a group of students and their teachers. As the story unfolds, the individual stories of the six teenagers are revealed, each with its own explosive significance. An unwanted pregnancy unravels a terrible, dark secret; all is not as it appears for the seemingly confident school football hero; an outcast must deal with everyday taunts from his peers; a beautiful young girl battles an eating disorder; a stellar student constantly struggles to win his parents' approval; while another uses drugs to escape from his own demons. A couple moves into a palatial house. Supernatural occurrences follow, which lead to the couple unearthing a story of the house's previous inhabitants, which is a tale about a family comprising a little girl called Naani, whose spirit guards the house. Zack Mayo is an aloof, taciturn man who aspires to be a navy pilot. Once he arrives at training camp for his 13-week officer's course, Mayo runs afoul of abrasive, no-nonsense drill Sergeant Emil Foley. Mayo is an excellent cadet, but a little cold around the heart, so Foley rides him mercilessly, sensing that the young man would be prime officer material if he weren't so self-involved. Zack's affair with a working girl is likewise compromised by his unwillingness to give of himself. Charming melodrama by the Vitagraph Company about the friendship between a boy (Bobby Connelly) and the grumpy Captain Barnacle(William Shea). This seems to be the first film in a short-lived Captain Barnacle series that Vitagraph started at the beginning of 1917. Young Bobby Connelly was one of the first star child actors and his character Sonny Boy links the two series he did for Vitagraph, the "Sonny Jim" series from 1914 to 1915 and the "Bobby" series in 1917. Morgan, a troubled, drug-addled teen, must deal with her crazy grandma and a psycho caller when her father leaves her home alone. As the calls keep coming in, a paranoid Morgan is forced to face some of her worst fears and inner demons when she believes everyone she knows is either plotting against her - or trying to kill her. The Chinese medical drama-thriller "Sentence Me Guilty" gives too much away in the early running and has nowhere special to go after that. Centered on a female doctor framed for highly unethical behavior in the wake of her young daughter's death, the pic has some intriguing elements but generates little tension and doesn't deliver the emotional clout auds might reasonably expect from a tale involving a grieving mother. Inspector Sylvester is assigned to investigate the violent murder of a fashion house model Isabella, by a masked assailant. As the investigation proceeds all of the house's various sins, including corruption, abortions, blackmail and drug addiction, begin to come to light. It turns out that Isabella had kept a diary detailing these vices, and now almost every employee becomes nervous. "Innocent Killer" portrays a modern city hit with a string of inexplicable murders of seemingly random women. What happens when the murderer meets the last standing police officer on his trail will leave audiences in shock. A Psychological Thriller. Estranged sisters reunite. In Glorious Black and White. When Nick Fairbanks and his wife move from the quiet town of Petersonville for a prestigious job at an investment firm, they quickly become accustomed to the lavish lifestyle of the big city. But when it becomes apparent that Nick's boss and associate are quietly laundering the company's money, they all become the target of vicious mobsters and racketeers. On the run, Nick heads back to his hometown for a confrontation that will turn the humble town of Petersonville into an all-out battlefield. Every summer, Luce, an eccentric 50-something painter, spends her time in a small and isolated township, which lies in ruins in southern France, surrounded by guests. This summer, these guests are Max Bernier (an old flame, author and alcoholic), her current squeeze (a lawyer named Bisorgueil), and three friends of his whom she has yet to meet: Rhino, Gros and Alex. After finishing their shopping in town, these three unknowns attack an armored truck and make off with 250 kg of gold. They then return to Luce's place, counting on her to hide them until the end of the summer... But certain events will throw a spanner in the works, and the hamlet will transform itself into a battlefield over the course of a very long and turbulent day. 'By The Grace Of God' follows the tragic odyssey of Juergen, whose attempt to make contact with his imagined mother, the Queen of England, leads him to a sense of personal crisis, of aporia. Vanessa Johnson (Trina McGee of Boy Meets World) has left her wealthy suburban family - and trust fund - behind, moving into the city to pursue her art. A talented dancer, she'd rather live on the gritty edge in the city than continue her old pampered existence. She thinks she knows what she's doing, but finds herself in over her head when a dangerous romance starts to dominate her life. Studying under a disciple of Aleister Crowley, the leader of an upper class group invokes a supernatural force that slowly devours the village of Marienbad and its inhabitants, threatening to spread beyond its geographical limits. The mayor from the town nearby commissions the building of a dam which would flood the valley and therefore submerge the village forever sealing the evil force under water after leader and his followers were incapacitated to be kept from escaping. However, fate ensured the leader's freedom as he remained in the depths when the waters covered Marienbad. Now 40 years later an array of disappearances and deaths in mysterious circumstances are threatening the town next to the reservoir that now covers Marienbad. A fireman takes an unexpected course of action when a man whom he's been ordered to testify against--after being held up at a local convenience store--threatens him. On a golden afternoon, young Alice follows a White Rabbit, who disappears down a nearby rabbit hole. Quickly following him, she tumbles into the burrow - and enters the merry, topsy-turvy world of Wonderland! Memorable songs and whimsical escapades highlight Alice's journey, which culminates in a madcap encounter with the Queen of Hearts - and her army of playing cards! Roper, a hostage negotiator catches a murderous bank robber after a blown heist. The bank robber escapes and immediately goes after the man who put him behind bars. After an assault leaves Amanda pregnant and out of a job, she finds herself on the verge of motherhood and the target of a psychotic stalker who will stop at nothing to get their hands on the unborn child. After a kidney transplant, Jake Warren experiences reoccurring nightmares he believes to be visions of his donor's violent murder, sending him on a dark path of vengeance, leading to an unbearable truth. A timid and socially alienated 17-year-old high school student's life is turned upside down when she switches places with her sinister mirror image. When estranged brothers Adam and Clint attempt to reconnect over a week-long hunting trip in remote British Columbia, they find the tables turned by a mysterious presence lurking in the forest.  Convinced that they are now besieged by a supernatural presence, the siblings begrudgingly agree on only one thing: they will have to put aside their differences and work together if they plan on making it out these dark woods alive. Joan and Michael invite their dearest friends over for dinner to discuss the passing of Joan's husband Neil. But as each guest arrives dark secrets are revealed and the main course turns out to be murder. The town of Deadwood Falls is no more. On Christmas Eve 2003, all 479 men, women and children simply disappeared overnight. There were no footprints into or out of the snowbound town. Leaving behind all of their belongings, the townspeople vanished without a trace. Only one person was found-a man whose body was burned from head to toe and who has remained in a coma all these years. Until tonight that is-on the 7th anniversary of the town's disappearance, the mysterious survivor has awakened... After a suicide attempt, Lane has moved into her country house to recuperate. Her best friend, Stephanie, has come to join her for the summer. Lane's mother, Diane, has recently arrived with her husband Lloyd, Lane's stepfather. Lane is close to two neighbors: Peter, and Howard. Howard is in love with Lane, Lane is in love with Peter, and Peter is in love with Stephanie. When a low level mobster is nearly rubbed out by the boss, he decides to take the bonus he was promised by force, so he kidnaps the boss and demands a hefty ransom. Ted Ryker is the top salesman in the New York office of a business machine company; the corporate stock lives by quarterly sales numbers, the competition is keen, and the economy may be in a downturn. Ted's company is marking time until a new product is ready - probably in a few months. Into the mix comes a new hire, a callow Midwesterner named Jamie, who's come East with his fiancee Belisa. When the son of a successful judge is killed by two police officers and the system sets them free, a hardened veteran detective finds some incriminating files on the officers and the judge teams up with another mourning father to take the law into his own hands. Sandra Brown's "Smoke Screen" follows newswoman Britt Shelley (Jaime Pressly), who shockingly wakes up in bed next to the dead body of Detective Jay Burgess and is suspected of foul play. Five years prior, Jay's lifelong friend Raley Gannon (Currie Graham) also woke up next to a dead body. After learning of Britt's scandal and the similarities between their two cases, he realizes she might be his only chance for vindication. As the two unravel their mysterious cases together, they find themselves caught in a dangerous political cover-up involving arson and murder. Angels with Tethered Wings is an unusual, quirky and erotic three-part drama - a back-from-the-grave revenge flick about hope and forgiveness! The film follows what happens when a good man does a bad thing for a good reason. He tries to right a wrong by freeing two young lovers but instead forever entraps them to their mortal coils. In the end their collective love for each other will give an almost perfect stranger the wings to fly. Sloan Carter is a young girl who has recently been blinded. Her father leaves for the weekend and her two best friends, returning home from University, keep her company. A protege of her father's, passing through town, also spends the night. The peaceful weekend is interrupted by a shadowy threat and the safe country getaway turns into a fight for survival. A corrupt New Orleans detective gets caught up in a fight between two criminal gangs while on a stake out. To survive the night, he must find a killer on the run and take him out before the killer reaches his other targets. When a terrorist who specializes in explosives takes hold of an underground tunnel, he threatens to kill hostages if his demands are not met. Ashwin, an engineering college student meets a beautiful girl Bhoomika in the campus. After a few playful encounters, they fall in love. Ashwin hails from a lower middle class family and all the time he thinks of making big money in a very short time. When Bhoomika stumbles upon something big, she consults Ashwin and his friends and together they strike it rich in a very big way using an invisible chemical (A chemical when it is sprayed on anything or anyone the object or the person becomes invisible). However they are forced to be on the run after being chased by the cops. Now starts the wild goose chase with ruthless &amp; buffoonery gangsters, comic cops, bungling CBI officer and the hero and his friends playing all kinds of pranks. A psychologist interviews a death row inmate to determine whether or not a stay of execution should be granted. A bunch of 10-year-old kids rob pedestrians and kill without a mercy. But after a failed bank robbery, the dangerous game comes to an end with twenty years of imprisonment. After two decades, they are released but soon begin to disappear one by one. The story of Simon and Kit, two young leaders of an Active Senior adventure tour group that take a day trip out to a small-town Rodeo located deep in the woods. Their lives are turned upside down when they find themselves fighting to stay alive against a group of psycho, bloodthirsty cowboys from the local rodeo. Vera, Ray, and Sam, a seemingly normal family, are haunted by more than mere ghosts. The lingering horror of their past threatens their ability to function as a loving family until they become enlightened by a mystical encounter. From that moment on, they're thrust into a horror worse than anything they've ever experienced. Personal demons manifest and tear the family apart from the inside out as they come to terms with their past. The Cleary brothers, Sam (John Cena), Leo (Ethan Embry) and Douglas (Boyd Holbrook) took dysfunctional families to a new level: Sam and Leo have grown up hating each other and neither likes their juvenile delinquent kid brother, Douglas, to whom they've only recently been introduced. The sons share the same father, a womanizing drunk, but all have different mothers. Their father died a rich man and when they're brought together by their sister Nina (Amy Smart) to learn which of them will inherit the old man`s fortune, they are handed an unpleasant surprise. When Leah's brother dies in a car accident, she vows revenge on the doc who failed to save him. This story is somewhat in the nature of a poetical fantasy, and may be construed as the spectator pleases. It is the story of a wanderer who prefers to seek, through his flute, the spirit of truth, that he may give it out into the world as he passes through his various journeys and experiences in life and thus make earth a better and fairer place. He prefers this to the perpetual strife for gain. As midnight falls, all manner of terror invades the Earth. demons, cannibals, killers, ghosts and monsters swarm the world in these tales of the supernatural, the fantastic, and the just plain horrific. Featuring nine stories of horror. A trigger-happy Nationalist fears retribution from the son of a man he executed. To mollify the boy's anger, he takes a drastic step: he keeps constant watch over the fig tree the boy has planted at his father's gravesite. As the years pass, the man's lonely vigil makes him a tourist attraction, much to the chagrin of his former colleagues. 1990, after the fall. A man struggles to survive in the forest, living alone in a small cabin. One day he spots a mysterious child in an abandoned summer camp. A badly injured fugitive explains to a priest how he came to be in his present predicament. Jonathan loses grip on reality when he goes to extreme lengths to protect his little sister Rebecca from the outside world after their parents' untimely death. A retired hitman must reawaken all his deadly skills and fight a one-man war against his former employer. Arddhanaari revolves round the protaganist who takes the disguise as Transgender and lead the fight against social injustice and turns punisher as well. Devil's Whisper is a supernatural horror film about demonic possession but at its core it's a psychological thriller about repressed memories, childhood trauma and the cycle of abuse. Intimate interviews, sold out concerts and archive footage that narrates the path to success of the Colombian singer and songwriter Maluma. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. When a young teen takes his own life after years of relentless bullying, his family chooses to pursue their own justice after authorities and the school don't take action. While seeking revenge they must decide the value of a life and determine who the true victims are. The film is based on the real life murder mystery of Sheena Bora. Bollywood actress Mahima Chaudhry makes her debut in Bengali film as Ishani Banerjee, a character based on Sheena's mother and alleged murderer Indrani Mukherjea. Riya Sen will play the part of Rina Bardhan, inspired by Sheena Bora. Media baron Peter Mukherjea, Sheena's stepfather, will be portrayed by Sudeep Mukherjee. A woman who wishes to become a priest hires a lawyer to file suit against the Archdiocese of New Orleans. After leading a jury to wrongly sentence a man, Abigail enters her new teaching job at the law school with a newfound commitment to ethics. When she takes over her new class, it includes Vincent, an intensely ambitious student who will do anything for an A. When Abigail fails him for academic dishonesty, Vincent threatens that he will stop at nothing to get what he wants. As Vincent's devious plot begins to unravel, she must take her life into her own hands, or Vincent will take it himself. Bright sunny day, Medical Students He Xinyue, Xiao-Li Ma, Ng Yen Yen, Leiyong Han, Yang Gang and Zeng Ping - Meet six people have already abandoned the old school came to play. Six months ago, the school there was a bizarre murder, a woman died of "friends, back to back," the horror rumors, everyone here was something fishy about the legend, once traumatic panic. Fearless young men and women regardless of the care of the old school of Qin master warning, insisted on a two-day stay here. As night fell, the feeling of insecurity, was seen fleeting ghost, some hearts desires expansion. A Harvard anthropologist is sent to Haiti to retrieve a strange powder that is said to have the power to bring human beings back from the dead. In his quest to find the miracle drug, the cynical scientist enters the rarely seen netherworld of walking zombies, blood rites and ancient curses. Based on the true life experiences of Wade Davis and filmed on location in Haiti, it's a frightening excursion into black magic and the supernatural. Because of trouble at school, 16-year old Isabell's single mum persuades her to take part in a self-knowledge seminar in the Sudeten Mountains. What begins as an unusual holiday adventure in an esoteric group, changes when one of the participants has a mental breakdown and disappears. Has the young woman left or is she the victim of a crime? Isabell is alarmed and begins to investigate the seminar and the other members.  Her enquiries are met with a wall of silence. When the mutilated body of the woman who disappeared turns up, Isabell's stay at the wildly romantic resort becomes a nightmare. The St. Valentine's Day massacre is the stuff of American legend, and the tale is familiar to nearly everyone. But the story of that bloody day in Chicago has never been told, or seen, like this before. Cutting-edge graphics and frenetic recreations accompany Johnny Fratto, son of onetime Al Capone-associate Louis "Lew" Fratto, back to Chicago, where he uncovers massacre myths and learns more about the life his father and uncles led when they roamed those lawless streets in the 1920s. Johnny gets guidance and opinions from a team of renowned Chicago gangster experts, and bridges the gap between the stories he heard as a little boy and the reality he lived growing up in a mob family. Johnny's take about what happened on Feb. 14, 1929 will surprise you. The movie begins in the year 1995 where there were 5 peculiar murder cases. The murderer would always get someone close to the victim to witness how he would strangle the victim from behind with a rope but he would let the witnesses go and speak to the media on how the murders happened. Ito plays the role of Makimura, the police detective who was in charge of investigating the serial murders but failed to catch the cunning murderer and his respected superior ended up being killed as well. 22 years later in 2017 when the case is nearing its statute of limitations, a man named Sonezaki claims to be the culprit for the 1995 murders and even publishes a book titled "Watashi ga satsujinhan desu" to talk about the cases. Despite the disgust towards Sonezaki's actions, the intensive attention showered on him via the media and SNS makes him become the talk of town. A wry story of female friendship: Jean and Kate, two "nearing-thirty" street performers, find the ups and downs of life and love amid the pubs and music scene of modern day Dublin. A police chief tries to solve a kidnapping that involves a bank robber holding a young boy hostage. When Queenie, the Faraday family's grandmother and oppressive matriarch, is finally laid to rest, no one could foresee the horrifying extent of her evil influence, which continues even beyond death. A man becomes the superintendent of a large New York City apartment building where people mysteriously go missing. Haunted by somber visions, forensics photographer Adam retreats from the world, staying home and taking photos of his neighbors until he is dragged into another investigation by his best friend, the detective Man, who asks his help to solve a series of macabre ritual murders. At the same time, Adam's seemingly innocuous pastime soon turns darker when he spies Iva, a young woman from Borneo. Smitten by her, he is soon entangled in her web of mystery and murder. As Adam is dragged further into Iva's tribal world and Man delves deeper into his investigation, they discover the city's mystical underground of shamans and supernatural beings. Dante travels across a desolate, futuristic Spain in search of his girlfriend, Ula. He is pursued by a bloodthirsty, cybernetic Rottweiler. When out-on-bail mob boss Bellavance discovers that $500,000 of his money is missing, he sends four hardcore hit men to send a "loud and messy" message to the suspected thieves' families. But when the killers invade the Rutledge home, they'll meet the household's emotionally disturbed young son Owen. Owen has a history of violent behavior, knows how to make lethal booby-traps and is about to teach these thugs some deadly lessons in extreme vengeance. A homicide detective teams up with a criminal profiler to catch a serial killer whose crimes are inspired by the children's game, Hangman. This Movie Is Story Of Dr. Jalal Soroush's Life. Five distinctive people, each with a flimsy coping strategy, find themselves stuck together after an accident. A group of documentary filmmakers are filming a TV special about the events which occurred at the famous and mysterious abandoned Cain Hill asylum many years earlier, and the unexplained abductions and murders that have occurred at the site since then. The group soon learn that one of the inmates never left Cain Hill at all. Ezra, jeune ex-soldat Sierra-Leonais, essaie tant bien que mal de retrouver des reperes pour revenir a une vie normale apres la guerre civile qui a ravage son pays. Son quotidien est partage entre un centre de rehabilitation psychologique et un tribunal de reconciliation nationale organise sous l'egide de l'ONU. Durant le proces en rehabilitation auquel Ezra participe, il doit affronter sa soeur qui l'accuse du meurtre de leurs parents. Ezra, qui a traverse cette violente guerre civile completement drogue et alcoolise, ne se souvient de rien. Ezra reconnaitra-t-il l'horreur et par ce fait, permettra-t-il a sa soeur et a sa communaute villageoise d'acceder au pardon ? No overview found.  In Zola's Paris, an ingenue arrives at a tony bordello: she's Nana, guileless, but quickly learning to use her erotic innocence to get what she wants. She's an actress for a soft-core filmmaker and soon is the most popular courtesan in Paris, parlaying this into a house, bought for her by a wealthy banker. She tosses him and takes up with her neighbor, a count of impeccable rectitude, and with the count's impressionable son. The count is soon fetching sticks like a dog and mortgaging his lands to satisfy her whims.  Pakistan's first superhero film Project Ghazi project has been a hot topic in the entertainment industry of Pakistan ever since the project was announced last year. Humayun Saeed, Shehryar Munawar and Syra Shahroz will be seen in lead roles. A former gang member and her young cousin become embroiled in a vendetta between L.A. gangs, as rivals seek revenge for old crimes. An ex-dirty-cop hiding in witness protection is hunted by the partner he betrayed, an unhinged hired gun and a jilted ex-lover who want his ill-gotten fortune - and their own brand of revenge - all to themselves. Haifa on a sunny day. Moshe is a crumbling man walking up the Carmel Mountain on yet another work day. Will this day mark his collapse? Uri walks down the mountain to board a ship and leave behind all the things he loves and despises. His sense of belonging is losing ground. He is likely to miss his military reserve service-call, thus risking jail. Will the two collide or pass through one another? An existential comedy, where the overbearing mountain with its endless stairs takes control over destinies in this unique panorama of the Mediterranean port city. A pharmaceutical sales rep visits a small town in Louisiana on business. He finds himself in a dark world of corruption and murder with 24 hours to live, running from the police, the mob and a sheriff that wants him dead. When college freshman Ranae agrees to babysit for a family with a tragic past, her run-of-the-mill Saturday night quickly turns into a confrontation with unspeakable horror. Stalked by a sinister presence and haunted by ghosts from her own past, Ranae and her friends must confront an angry, evil spirit determined to hunt them down one-by-one on a deliberate march toward its ultimate prey in THE NURSERY Fortune hunter Holly Golightly finds herself captivated by aspiring writer Paul Varjak, who's moved into her building on a wealthy woman's dime. As romance blooms between Paul and Holly, Doc Golightly shows up on the scene, revealing Holly's past. Ana, a young Spanish woman from a bourgeois family, is about to finish her studies and get married, but she is not happy. After a very unlikely event happens, her life turns around and everything changes. A group of friends get together for a barbecue. They decide to start telling horror stories around the fire. Although not everyone at the barbecue will make it home alive. As they tell stories, a killer begins to kill them off, one at a time. A comedy film directed by J. O. C. Orton. A corrupt Police Officer is forced to reopen the unsolved case of Lottery Scam and he gets caught up in an unexpected situation. This is the story of a strong man who was looking forward to earning a decent living in a crazy city. But unfortunately, some events force him to turn into a powerful don of the very city. When a soldier's son reveals damning information about a local gangster's missing daughter, a war of attrition wreaks havoc on their forgotten coal mining town. A mother looks to escape her abusive past by moving to a new town where she befriends another mother, who grows suspicious of her. 4 complete strangers with similar backgrounds find themselves unknowingly playing a part in bringing a sociopath's sadistic fantasy to life. Suffering from her mother's recent suicide, a delusional young girl falls for an alluring Goth, against the objections of a life-size talking muslin doll. The Melancholy Fantastic is a psychological thriller set during the holidays. A sensitive university student unraveling while on a week-long vacation with a crowd of cocksure relatives and family friends. Pretty Sasha finds herself in a whirlpool of intrigue and criminal games after her lover, a talented painter, is murdered. Chased on one side by brutal criminals who don't leave witnesses, and on the other by the cops who consider her the #1 suspect, Sasha is forced to act alone to solve the mystery of her lover's death and keep herself alive and free at the same time.  Gradually she unravels the tangle of mysteries and deceptions, only to learn that her lover was forging paintings which had been sold for millions of dollars, and no-one  really is who they say they are. An attention-seeking psychic is kidnapped and tries to use the situation to boost his popularity. After the strange death of her boyfriend and beloved ones, one by one, Clara lives terrified and mistrustful, suspecting revenge from a famous writer she worked with ten years ago. A circle that will only close with the seventh victim. In the deserted hills of an Indonesian island, Marlina, a young widow, is attacked, raped and robbed for her cattle. To defend herself, she kills several men of the gang. Seeking justice, she goes on a journey for empowerment and redemption. But the road is long, especially when the ghost of her headless victim begins to haunt her. A bizarre duel of minds develops between an alcoholic writer and an anonymous caller on a stormy night. Behind The Random Denominator is a nerve-racking psychological horror story, which uses minimalist means to create an oppressive atmosphere of unawareness, drawing the viewer deeper into the maze of fear and mistakes with every new and unexpected twist. A revenge-seeking gold digger marries a womanizing Beverly Hills lawyer with the intention of making a killing in the divorce. Angelique's Isle is a harrowing tale of perseverance and survival that unfolds during the great copper rush of 1845, when newlyweds ANGELIQUE, a young Ojibway and CHARLIE, her voyageur husband, are left stranded throughout a brutal winter on Lake Superior's Isle Royale where Angelique is ultimately forced to face her inner demons and beliefs as the unbelievably beautiful, yet treacherous wilderness threatens to claim her. A comedic biopic focused on the life of fictional jazz guitarist Emmett Ray. Ray was an irresponsible, free-spending, arrogant, obnoxious, alcohol-abusing, miserable human being, who was also arguably the best guitarist in the world. Johnny and Peter, former paramilitary operatives, search Bangkok - leaving carnage in their wake - to find the men who killed Johnny's daughter, Angel. No overview yet Years after failing to catch Little Red Riding Hood, the obsessed Wolf tries again. Iliteracy today seems to be a small problem globally, but it is hell for the individual illiterate that struggles alone in a hyper communicative era. A teachers assistant, trapped in a small town with a strange illness, takes on a local missing persons case aided by a Pale Man down the hall. A group of kids have a dream: to play a football championship and to win. Their dream is going to be fulfilled by Don Pepe, an old guy with lots of expectations for his kids. A veteran newscaster desperate for ratings secures an interview with a mass murderer on death row the night before the man is set to be executed. What our newscaster thinks will be an easy ratings boost turns into a dangerous psychological game between two manipulative alpha males. When a young boy turns up dead in a sleepy Pennsylvania town, a local sanitation truck driver, Donald, plays detective, embarking on a precarious and obsessive investigation to prove the boy was murdered. When a neurotic private eye who struggles to finish the case takes a train voyage, his own dark secrets begin to reveal themselves. When a group of college students take part in a clinical drug trial, an unexpected side effect of the experimental medicine gives them terrifying visions of their own deaths...which begin to come true. As they scramble to escape their fate, they discover that the killer is among them and shares their ability to see the future - only he seems to be one step ahead of their efforts to survive. A special forces team is sent to snuff out a drug den, but find themselves trapped inside it after being set-up and betrayed. Shannon and Kris embark on a cross country road trip, to put back the pieces of their strained friendship. But it all falls apart when their car breaks down in Kain, Arizona. A place where you can check in anytime you want, but you can never leave. An elderly couple lives in an abandoned farm. Every night they receive a visit from a young man who comes join them. The past comes to light when the memories of the couple seems to arise from dreams and nightmares. As the Earth's average temperature rises each year, experts warn that we are nearing a fatal tipping point, 2 degrees Celsius above the norm, that will set into motion a cascade of natural disasters that will devastate America and the world. From raging fires to epic superstorms, volcanic blasts and rising seas, will human existence be pushed to the brink? In Shirleyville, Vermont, during the sixties, sisters Merricat and Constance, along with their ailing uncle Julian, confined to a wheelchair, live isolated in a big mansion located on the hill overlooking the town, tormented by the memories of a family tragedy occurred six years ago. The arrival of cousin Charles will threaten the fragile equilibrium of their minds, haunted by madness, fear and superstition. Dr. Roger Girard is a rich scientist conducting experiments on head transplantation. His caretaker has a son, Danny, who, although fully grown, has the mind of child. One day an escaped psycho-killer invades Girard's home, killing Danny's father before being gunned down himself. With the maniac dying and Danny deeply unsettled by his father's death, Dr. Girard decides to take the final step and transplant the killer's head onto Danny's body. India's most wanted Black Money agent, Vicky Chaddha, gets arrested in Malaysia and is kept in a safe house by the Malaysian authorities, along with his wife. A team of four is being sent to Malaysia to bring them to India. Apart from the growth of inter-personal relationships, the mission has quite a few twists and turns on its way. The story follows Karan as he uses his brain and brawn to recover all of the laundered black money. A Cape Town couple, Katherine and Hugh, are headed to their private mountain getaway, when they pick up a hitchhiker, Liza, who carries a gun. Liza is invited  for lunch, but soon the couple can't get rid of her. A soldier introduces himself to the Peterson family, claiming to be a friend of their son who died in action. After the young man is welcomed into their home, a series of accidental deaths seem to be connected to his presence. Follows the story of a young revolutionary man caught in the excitement and tragedy of living two different lives, as an undercover agent and as revolutionary. Her ascents of La Rambla first and then Biographie, have in a sense opened the doors to difficult higher than 9a by women and in particular the first 9a+, made it clear to everyone that the games were still widely open and in fact from there little by little, another great chmapion brought the bar on 9b. When a group of Indian and Pakistani nurses are held hostage in Iraq by the militant Abu Usman, Indian Intelligence (RAW) track down the reclusive agent, Tiger, 8 years after he fled with former Pakistani intelligence (ISI) agent, Zoya. Joining forces in the name of humanity, Tiger and Zoya lead a team of RAW and ISI agents to covertly enter the hospital where the nurses are trapped. A gang of young dirt bikers on a ride across an isolated region of Brazil find themselves being hunted by a machete wielding band of motorcyclists intent on killing them all. An anthology horror film featuring three stories involving demons, cannibals, psychopaths and demigods all intertwined, taking place in the final 31 days of earth. A criminal group wants to stop a courier that has damning evidence against them from reaching the hands of an activist, but they underestimate the young man who has to deliver the package A young Italian fugitive and his older protective brother hide among the grape pickers at a vineyard in Provence. A young Japanese actress remembers her war childhood in Korea. Her father goes to fight, her baby sister Miko dies of typhoid, her beloved Korean maid Ohana is fired due to a mistake which could cost Chiko her life... By and by Chiko realizes that the country is being ruled by the Japanese and the Koreans are persecuted. When the war ends, the Koreans chase the Japanese rule and the roles change. Now Chiko's family is unwanted. But then the Russians come and this is the end. They have to burn all the pictures to avoid all suspicions... even Miko's picture. But when the Russians come to their house, they decide to flee over the 38th Parallel towards freedom. A group of men, women, children struggles along the mountains, led by the light of the Northern Star. Along the way they meet a Korean man, who is willing to help them to escape the Russian soldiers although his family was killed by the Japanese. A group of college friends rent a cabin in a remote part of town for a weekend getaway. A weekend getaway that quickly turns from a weekend of fun to a weekend of pure terror. An obsessed cop is on the trail of a serial killer prowling the streets of Buffalo, N.Y. but when his teenage daughter disappears, he drops any professional restraint to get the killer. After getting an abortion, Traci Patterson begins to suspect that something sinister is following her and her friends. True story of Ashraf Marwan, who was President Nasser's son-in-law and special adviser and confidant to his successor Anwar Sadat - while simultaneously Israeli Intelligence's most precious asset of the 20th century. Based on NYT bestselling book 'The Angel: The Egyptian Spy Who Saved Israel' by Uri Bar-Joseph. Having grown up an orphan and raised by her grandmother, Emma has worked for everything that she has, and takes pride in the simple life she's created for herself. She's always wanted a perfect marriage, but ended up with a track record of failed relationships. When she strikes up a romance with the wealthy Ted, a guy she grew up admiring from afar, and says yes to marrying him, she thinks she's finally found her soul mate and is immediately brought into a much more luxurious world than she's used to. That world also includes Ted's seductive twin brother Frank, whose affections for her go beyond family admiration. While Ted took his inheritance and launched a successful global technology business, Frank took the opposite approach and traveled the country, leaving a trail of run-ins with the law and one night stands. Based on true events and characters. An 11 year old disabled girl, routinely pimped out by her prostitute mother, is saved by a suicidal cab driver. Together, they go on a journey of redemption that forever changes their lives. Glocke had a simple plan to set the pimp Hermann's SUV on fire, become an internet star and impress Lena. Instead, he drops into a mobile toilette and becomes a webfail. He decides to follow the web call to hike and search for the drop-out Friedrich. Together with Judith, Steffi, Elias and Paule he heads of into the Harz. As access to internet and smartphones are not allowed the plan to start all over again works and the adventure brings the five together. But each teenager has a secret of their own and soon the hike leads the teens to face their past. Tough guy Thomas Beckett is an US soldier working in the Panamanian jungle. His job is to seek out rebels and remove them using his sniper skills. Beckett is notorious for losing his partners on such missions. This time he's accompanied by crack marksman Richard Miller. A driver named Raju embarks on an extraordinary journey of redemption by forever changing lives of 3 people due to a controversial hit and run accident. An audio-visual journey through the mind of Terence McKenna. "Tormenting the Hen"  a caustic satire of city mice in the world of country mice, where well-meaning cosmopolites clash with strange townsfolk in country homes, black-box theaters, backyards, and local pubs.  Invited by a dippy, curator (Josephine Decker), playwright Claire (Dameka Hayes) is spirited away to an artists' retreat to present a political one-act about race, resentment, and masculinity. Accompanied by her fiance, Monica (Carolina Monnerat), begins as a welcome getaway for the harried pair, until an unexpected visit from town enigma Mutty (Matt Shaw) casts a threatening shadow.  While Claire plays babysitter to a duo of difficult performers Joel (Brian H. Brooks) and Adam (David Malinsky) Monica attempts to maintain her sanity despite her lover's decreasing attentions and her neighbor's proximity. Each woman struggles to preserve her autonomy in an increasingly hostile milieu, building to a soul-shaking climax that offers no easy answers for character and viewer alike. The Beast of Bodmin Moor 2016 Movie Karla Marks mysteriously vanishes while conducting a paranormal investigation with her husband. A year after her disappearance, a group of paranormal investigators attempt to uncover the truth about her disappearance. An internet-dating playboy's life spirals out of control after meeting a woman online. Chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy dies in a helicopter crash. A senior minister in the cabinet takes it for granted that he would be the next natural choice and even accepts felicitations from his party men. He is in for a shock when someone who has not even been a minister is nominated by the party high command to occupy the CM's chair. After a violent storm, a dense cloud of mist envelops a small Maine town, trapping artist David Drayton and his five-year-old son in a local grocery store with other people. They soon discover that the mist conceals deadly horrors that threaten their lives, and worse, their sanity. A high school senior, Alex Lainey, has an encounter with mysterious lights that appear over her small town. She soon develops dangerous, supernatural abilities and turns to her childhood friend Sean Terrel. The authorities target them and a chase ensues as officials try to discover the truth behind Alex's transformation. A newly reunited young couple's drive through the Pacific Northwest turns into a nightmare as they are forced to face nature, unsavory locals, and a monstrous creature, known to the Native Americans as Oh-Mah. Thrill seeking friends return to the place of the most terrifying killer. A young gymnast battles a group of bank robbers at the home of her boyfriend. Hard-nosed liberal lawyer Roman J. Israel has been fighting the good fight forever while others take the credit. When his partner - the firm's frontman - has a heart attack, Israel suddenly takes on that role. He soon discovers some unsettling truths about the firm - truths that conflict with his values of helping the poor and dispossessed - and finds himself in an existential crisis that leads to extreme actions. A passionate photographer, who gets stuck in a terror-stricken atmosphere, tries to save himself and his family from an unknown evil force. The Justified Ancients of Mu Mu, King Boy D and Rockman Rock, try to find and gain access to the mystical White Room. They leave a party at their house and drive in their 1968 US Cop Car through night-time London and the dusty plains of the Sierra Nevada region of Spain. There they face judgement: will they be allowed to enter the White Room? Meanwhile their lawyer David Franks tries to find a loophole to free them from their contract with Eternity. As their wedding day approaches, a young couple is harassed by an unstable man obsessed with the bride-to-be. The student politics in a government college has for long revolved around the students' organisation KSQ. Subhash and Paul attempts to change the political scenario by launching a new movement called SFY based on their ideologies. An engineer in charge of the production line of a factory in Moscow is sent to a small town to try to specify the distributor the new dimensions of a mechanic part they need. But in this town everybody seems to be crazy (a secretary who works naked, a group of people take the engineer as a rock &amp; roll player, etc) and, in addition, this man is witness of a suicide, so he is trapped inside the town. On The Doll is a story of the victims of child abuse, and the pain it visits upon their later lives. With interweaving stories following victims and victimizers, the film depicts the variety of experiences of abuse. A young woman experiences the worst life has to over in this depressing but worthwhile Colombian drama tinged with a hint of magical realism. Paola Baldion plays Marina, a withdrawn teenager whose abusive grand-dad houses her in a dilapidated shed. When the old fart pops his clogs, Marina passes into the care of cousin Jairo (Julian Roman), a cheesecake photographer who "hires" her to help him with his gear, and the two end up taking an episodic road trip as they travel to reclaim grandpa's legacy. Unpleasant flashbacks to Marina's tragic childhood ensue. Yep, the good times never end in this one! Known in English as Portraits in a Sea of Lies, this meditation on the 50-year long Colombian civil war - as seen through the grueling experiences of our heroine - won the Jury Award for Best Narrative Feature at the 14th Cine Las Americas International Film Festival. After the loss of her family, a young woman struggles to survive in a world long-since destroyed by disease; but when a lonely traveler offers her a place in his community, she must decide if the promise of a better life is worth the risk of trusting him. When a D.E.A. and S.W.A.T. cartel takedown ends in a shootout, S.W.A.T. Agent Travis Hall seizes a mysterious prisoner taking him into custody. Before long, the S.W.A.T. compound is under siege by wave-after-wave of assault teams attempting to recover the prisoner known as "The Scorpion" for the tattoo blazed across his back. When Travis discovers that his prisoner is a Secret Ops double agent planted within the cartel, it's up to him and his expert S.W.A.T. team to keep "The Scorpion" and his billion dollar secrets safe. It is the year 2022. A mysterious systems failure causes the crew of a spaceship to be stranded on the dark side of the moon, while rapidly running out of fuel and oxygen. They are surprised to discover a NASA space shuttle floating in space, and board it in the hope of salvaging some supplies. One by one, the crew is possessed and killed, and it is up to Paxton Warner to find the links between the dark side of the moon, the Bermuda Triangle, and the Devil himself. Mysterious events surround the travels of two brothers as they make their way across a remote American landscape. On the surface all seems normal, but what appears to be a simple vacation soon gives way to a dark and complex web of secrets. This is the feature film version of the 2011 short film going by the same name. After helping her girlfriend Tereza kill herself, Leandra is kidnapped by Tereza's father and taken to a secluded family house where both struggle to understand her death. An actress accidentally ends up in a room with a weird group of women claiming to be travelling in a secret high-tech space device to Mars. Agatha Christie (1890-1976) is the world's most translated writer. Her heroes Hercule Poirot and Miss Marple are known worldwide. But who is the woman behind the sales records? A biographical search for clues, the unraveling of an iridescent personality whose existence and works were shaped by the tragic history of the 20th century. The eventful life of the Queen of Crime. Hyunjin, a test taker, moves into an old apartment. There are strange sounds from next door where a strange boy named Hyunggu lives. One day, Hyunggu and his mother are cruelly murdered. John Carter just had one of those days. First he had an argument with a mysterious Frenchman. Then Alice wants him to pick her up at the park after she has a fight with Robert over him. So Carter takes the roadster just as Marie and Joe were getting ready to leave. But Kendall, the butler, follows the roadster as he thinks it is Joe and his girl Marie. So when Carter picks up Alice and goes out in the country to park - he is shot dead. But the next day, he is found dead in the library at home. The investigation may be run by Inspector Piper, but most of the snooping is done by Hildegarde. The Sultan's Emerald, and a picture of the Cellini Cup, may be the clue leading to Carter's killer. With a conviction that appeared to be forgotten, Rodrigo Moreno del Valle's debut recovers the pulse of young people thrown into summer and hopeless nights, in a city with local features that seem to get diluted into the cosmopolitan life of well-of classes. The characters wander through the streets, get into clubs, or go to parties with a blurred goal: distract themselves from loneliness, boredom, or an unfinished form of anguish, and spend time in the same way days pass by in this film, each one marking a different chapter. The filmmaker is able to find a tone that works hard to scorch on the common places of dilettante young people. Wik features both the passion of love encounters and its opposite side: the ferocious silence of wasted hours When a capricious young author with a dark secret returns home for her brother's graduation, she finds herself haunted by the past and tormented by night terrors. A nerdy teen, Ryan Woodman is smitten with the popular and gorgeous Ashley Grant, who apparently has no interest in him. Meanwhile, dim star athlete Chris Campbell has his eye on Ryan's brainy and beautiful friend, Maggie Carter. The two agree to help each other in their romantic quests, but, as they come closer to their goals, both Ryan and Chris suspect that they might be pursuing the wrong girls. Dhruva Naksthram is a 1989 Telugu film directed by Y Nageswara Rao. The film stars Venkatesh, Shalini, Brahmanandam and Mohan Babu in lead roles. While under house arrest, stockbroker Peter Allen's (Derek Phillips) world is turned upside down after Alex (Josh Crotty), his troubled brother, returns from military duty in Afghanistan, forcing Peter to face a forgotten past harboring a dark secret. Wracked by nightmares of the abduction of his stripper sister, Lucas Chance sets out to rescue her from a web of human trafficking and experimentation, in the process discovering the dreams he suffers from are not his own. After getting hit by a car, Kaylene needs home care. The nurse she hires becomes more and more interfering.  While vacationing in the Ozark Mountains, Bugs Bunny encounters Curt and Pumpkinhead Martin, two dimwitted hillbillies who are duped by Bugs into a violent square dance. Balakrishnan is a history teacher working in an elementary school in a hillside village. Nirmala has been newly recruited in the temporary post of a music teacher in the same school. Balakrishnan eventually falls in love with her but his timid nature doesn't allow him to express his feeling. So in order to get close to her, he decides to accompany her to her native village. Some unexpected incidents happen during the journey and this changes both of their destiny. Julia, an online vlogger from Germany, comes to the US to visit her cousin Hannah. Upon her arrival, Julia falls fatefully ill, prompting Hannah's suspicion of the strange and sudden illness. When unusual happenings start taking place in her home, Hannah begins a relentless internet search to discover the cause. She comes across Julia's vlog entries and finds herself immersed deep in the web - too deep - in a place where terror knows no end. Inspired by true events of 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash in Smolensk, the film tells the partially fictional story of crash and various people affected by the tragedy. The protagonist is a journalist Nina, who refuses to accept the official version of the story and pursues her own independent investigation. A man with spiritualist powers is told by his mentor that a demonic entity is returning to destroy his daughter's soul, and that he should take drastic measures to prevent this from happening. Tells the true story of a bungled and obstructed police manhunt for a serial killer who could and should have been imprisoned after his first crime. Two young RCMP officers, each separately investigating a rape and murder, captured the culprit, but because of legal red tape, jurisdictional chaos and incompetence, the suspect was allowed to continue his rampage until he was finally arrested and imprisoned - several murders later. Secret sad love between two Myanmar boys faced difficulties in their life long togetherness after one had forced to the arrange marriage. Sinner City a Domini Quinn SupaStar jawn Jade Banks is at the top of her game in corporate America as C.F.O of a credit card company called Viva Express. In this satirical thriller, when Jade is unfairly passed over for a well deserved promotion, she decides to tank the company with a well devised scam called the double up. Welcome to Sinner City... The Summit is a 2012 documentary film about the 2008 K2 disaster directed by Nick Ryan. It combines documentary footage with dramatized recreations of the events of the 2008 K2 disaster. On the way to and from the summit, eleven climbers died during a short time span creating one of the worst catastophes in climbing history. Much of the documentary footage was captured by Swedish mountaineer Fredrik Strang. Strang was planning to do a Documentary which was aborted due to the fact that he did not reach the summit. The footage was still valuable to help solving what really did happen since all the climbers had different stories about what happened. Four Hands relates a family drama that spans China and Taiwan over three generations. The story deals with a veteran of the Chinese Nationalist army who retreated to Taiwan only to discover that the dreams of "reconquering the mainland" are empty rhetoric. A web of intrigue and conspiracy lies beneath the euphoria as the U.S. is about to put a man on the moon for the first time in over thirty years Alt Space is a psychological thriller that tells a contemporary story of what it's like to have a dissolving sense of reality. The story is told through the eyes of Julian and Liv, a young couple living in New York City. A pastor of a small church in upstate New York starts to spiral out of control after a soul-shaking encounter with an unstable environmental activist and his pregnant wife. An estranged family take a trip to the desert in their used RV and become stranded and isolated in the scorching terrain. They soon learn their RV holds terrible, haunting secrets, and it starts killing them off one by one. A naive electrician falls in love with the youngest daughter of a family with seven girls.  When Mike finds out that he has he same neurological disease as his father, he decides to enter a chain of assisted suicides, which operates under one rule: if you want to die, you must kill someone first.  A faithful wife takes action when it becomes clear to her that her devious husband has betrayed her. After being infected in the wake of a violent pandemic and with only 48 hours to live, a father struggles to find a new home for his baby daughter. The provocative tale of a woman who snaps under crushing life pressures and assumes the psyche of a vicious dog. Her philandering, absentee husband is forced to become reacquainted with his four children and sister-in-law as they attempt to keep the family together during this bizarre crisis. A man gets trapped in a situation and his three friends try to rescue him. It later snowballs into the issue of an entire village. Dylan Burke attempts to move on from his former life as a criminal with his true love Maria. He soon realizes that his past will continue to haunt him, when he learns the new local prison warden, Daniel Calvin, has not forgiven him for an old crime. Set during the last days of the Ottoman Empire, a love triangle develops between Mikael, a brilliant medical student, the beautiful and sophisticated artist Ana, and Chris, a renowned American journalist based in Paris. When a doctor looking for her missing child awakens to find herself in an abandoned school, she must survive the supernatural terror and face her own demons if she is to find the truth about where her son is.  Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. Sigur intention is to give a surprise to his guests at his birthday party, but nothing happens as he had planned. Raymond, a young P.I. specializing in divorce, gets too ambitious and takes on a case that involves more than just snapping pictures of cheating couples. While searching for the estranged daughter of a client, Raymond discovers that she works as a stripper whose exploits bring together a desperate collection of lost souls - sucking everyone down a drain of despair, deceit, and corruption. A film school student is trying to create his first movie, but cannot find the money for it, until some guys from a mystery website he visited appear on his door and offer it to him. A disgraced children's puppeteer returns to his childhood home and is forced to confront his wicked stepfather and the secrets that have tortured him his entire life. A story about a girl name Tracey who's struggling with the fact of not being loved. So she tries to ease her pain by keeping her kids away from Derek and sleeping with guys but it doesn't fix her problem because she murders them afterwards. Her mind is in a strain and she's confused about life. Soon after arriving to a mysterious cabin in the woods, a group of teens discover the dark secret it holds, which forces them to fight for their lives. A psycho- sexual thriller following a couple that buys an old motel in the desert looking for a new beginning, but what seemed at first as an escape is soon a thrilling ride through a mysterious world when Ray discovers a two way mirror and witnesses a horrifying murder. In a twisted game of cat and mouse, Ray must race to save his wife and himself from a gruesome secret connected to the motel and the strange people who visit there. Lonely, unstable gas station attendant Melinda is tired of being overshadowed by her more confident, outgoing co-worker Sheila. When the gas station is held up at gunpoint by Billy, a desperate man in need of quick cash, Melinda finds an opportunity to make a connection with the robber, regardless of who gets hurt. Scooby-Doo and Shaggy must go into the underworld ruled by the Goblin King in order to stop a mortal named The Amazing Krudsky who wants power and is a threat to their pals, Fred, Velma and Daphne. Still/Born follows Mary, a new mother who lost one of her twins in childbirth. As she struggles with the loss of one of her children, she starts to suspect something sinister is after her surviving child - a supernatural entity that has chosen her child and will stop at nothing to take it from her. Based on a manga written by Tatsuhiko Yamagami, the story is set in a former seaport town Uobuka, where 6 former criminals were sent to live there by the government, with the intention of re-socialising them. Aside from the few who know about the project, the general townsfolk has no idea of the former convicts' identities. Tsukisue is the pleasant and efficient municipal official put in charge of the programme. As he slowly learns about their past, a body is discovered. In the poor, desolate northern provinces of the mountainous feudal Sunni kingdom of Afghanistan (before the Soviet-engineered republican revolutions), the status of the proud men and their clans is determined less by wealth or even military power (both rare) then by victories in the ancient, though game of buskashi, a vicious form of polo dating back to Genghis Khan, in which the chapendaz (participating horsemen) use their horse-whips on both mounts and rivals in a ruthless fight for a heavy 'ball', a dead calf, which must be carried a long way, almost impossible with all the others mercilessly assailing. Tursen, a former champion, now holds the status of village notable thanks to his position as stable-keeper of the regional lord Osman Bey, and has finally bred a horse without equal, the white stallion Jahil, in time for the royal tournament on the plain of Bagrami, just outside the capital Kabul... Wayward Canadian, Matthew, crushed by the isolation of being new to Berlin, turns his sexual desires toward Matthias that spiral into a dark fixation of assumed identity. Soon, this obsessive power struggle between the two, careens toward brutal passion and violence in a bid for dominance. A shocking assault inspires horrific violence when a group of teens encounters a girl from their school while camping in a remote spot. Those who want to die seek refuge in a mysterious cafe in this feverishly strange Japanese debut. As the world succumbs to a zombie apocalypse, Cole - a hardened mercenary - is chasing the one person who can provide a cure. Not only to the plague but to Cole's own incumbent destiny. Hardened criminal Maggie Hayward's consistent violence, even in police custody, ends in the execution chamber. However, top-secret US government agent 'Bob' arranges a staged death, so Maggie can be elaborately trained as a phantom killer and subdued into obedience. She gets a new cover identity as saleswoman Claudia Anne Doran. She also gets a wonderful house-mate, building super J.P., a broad-minded, gentle photographer. The two fall in love, and that complicates hit jobs. His good influence extends to breeding in her a conscience that places love over business, unlike Bob's agency. Ravi gets a call from Father Anthony saying that his missing wife is with him in the Church.But when he meets her claims that she is not his wife. A handsome warlord, 'Taari' (Tope Tedela) is fast transitioning into a wolf due to the curse of the dogs that has been placed on him. He must immediately find the cure to this curse or forever be damned. The plot thickens when he discovers that the prince of the village, 'Adetiba' (Gabriel Afolayan) will stop at nothing to prevent him from getting the cure he desperately needs. Meanwhile, 'Princess Morenike' (Omowunmi Dada) who is desperately in love with Taari, goes against her brother and goes beyond limits to get the cure for her betrothed. Challenges of impending parenthood turn the lives of five couples upside down. Two celebrities are unprepared for the surprise demands of pregnancy; hormones wreak havoc on a baby-crazy author, while her husband tries not to be outdone by his father, who's expecting twins with his young trophy wife; a photographer's husband isn't sure about his wife's adoption plans; a one-time hook-up results in a surprise pregnancy for rival food-truck owners. The film version of 'Till Death Do Us Part'  tells the story of Alf Garnett, his wife Else, and their newborn daughter Rita, living through the London Blitz and beyond. Five years after an ominous unseen presence drives most of society to suicide, a survivor and her two children make a desperate bid to reach safety. Liam wakes from a car crash with no memory of who he is. As he makes his way into town to look for help, he finds only dead bodies, all with strange pale eyes. Liam's first assessment is that a virus is present in the air, but he soon discovers the horrible truth: anyone who comes within a 50-foot radius of him dies instantly. Spooked is a contemporary conspiracy thriller arising from the mysterious death of Kevin Jones, who thought he was just buying second-hand computers, until he looked at the data left on the discs. Was kevin murdered or did he simply get drunk and crash his car? Investigating journalist Mort Whitman says he will find out, even if it kills him. The film is based on material from the book 'The Paradise Conspiracy' by Ian Wishart. A young couple's dream of starting a family shatters as they descend into the depths of paranoia and must struggle to survive an evil presence that wants nothing more than their very own lives. August 2019. Frank recognizes his own story of twenty years ago in a recently published book. He remembers Marie, with whom he had a relationship before she moved to the United States and disappeared from his life. Frank sets out in search of her and finds himself in a USA petrified by a heat wave and lost in suspicion and political paranoia. He heads into the desert in pursuit of Marie.  Raj Mittal and his wife Sapna reside in Dubai, where Raj works for a British firm. To make money, he works day and night, leaving Sapna alone. Sapna then embarks on an extramarital affair with a stranger, leading to emotional turmoil and eventually, murder. Madeline has become an integral part of a prestigious physical theater troupe. When the workshop's ambitious director pushes the teenager to weave her rich interior world and troubled history with her mother into their collective art, the lines between performance and reality begin to blur. The resulting battle between imagination and appropriation rips out of the rehearsal space and through all three women's lives. Unfolding through a course of a night in Mumbai, Kaalakaandi showcases three parallel tracks -- a man who discovers he has terminal illness decides to let go of his principles and live a little; a woman involved in a hit-and-run seeks redemption and two goons must decide if they can trust each other. Frank Leone is nearing the end of his prison term for a relatively minor crime. Just before he is paroled, however, Warden Drumgoole takes charge. Drumgoole was assigned to a hell-hole prison after his administration was publicly humiliated by Leone, and has now arrived on the scene to ensure that Leone never sees the light of day. Inspired by true events from the 1970s, the story revolves around a young detective who becomes the head of a police unit focused on catching a rampant serial killer of women, nicknamed 'The Silesian Vampire'. Set in the 1980s, an estranged family hires a cult deprogrammer to take back their teenage son from a murderous cult, but find themselves under siege when the cultists surround their cabin, demanding the boy back. Ramanunni, who was the MLA of revolutionary party CDP, crosses over to the opposition as their candidate for the by-election. He procures a revolver and when one of his arch-enemies is gunned down, Ramanunni becomes the suspect. The protagonist's attempt to wriggle out of the wrangle forms the rest of the plot. The film is based upon two early novels from the Arjun series...KHUN KHARAPI and SITAHORON ROHOSYO. Arjun is an aspirant detective who is influenced by his mentor/guide Amol Shome. mission. A Chinese criminal Juan Hanzi has set up base at the hill station Kalimpong. He intends to rob the Tibetan treasure buried under Kalimpongs Durpin Da Ra monastery. Incidentally, Amol Shome's old friend Bistubabu refers an NRI resident of Kalimpong to seek for advice from Amol at around the same time. That person is Mr.Sen and his father was the architect who designed the monastery and a copy of the plans are hidden in his house. An unidentified person is threatening Mr Roy. Arjun goes through the adventure of finding the whole culprit behind this operation and also decipher clues to secure the blueprints of the monastery. At Beach, Anjali whips out a knife and kills a police officer saying that she has been waiting for this moment for many years. Aadhi  who lives with his foster parents  in New Delhi. He takes up a course in Chennai against his foster parents' wishes, while he is actually on mission to eliminate the people behind the murder of his blood family. Anjali studying in the same college has her own agenda to seek revenge on her parents' killers, assisted by her uncle . Aadhi falls in love with Anjali, as she brings back memories of his childhood sweetheart and cousin who loved to dance in the rain.It is revealed that Anjali and Aadhi were from the same family. Aadhi's father was an honest cop who arrested one of the henchmen of a local gangster, RDX . RDX pays Aadhi's father a visit with some of his henchmen and the police officer and murders whole extended family. Anjali, her uncle and Aadhi survived the blast that annihilated their family. &amp; they combine forces to get revenge on RDX. An author uncovers information for his new book which leads him to the conclusion that the Mad Axeman is more than just a legend ... After sparing a girl's life during a massacre, an elite Triad assassin is targeted by an onslaught of murderous gangsters. Jack Shepard is an out-of-shape auto shop owner, far removed from the man who once protected the world's freedom. Reluctantly called back into action by the government, Jack is tasked with turning a ragtag group of kids with special powers into a new generation of superheroes to save the world from certain destruction. Tom is a lonely young man, during a burglar with his best friend: Rachid, he falls in love with Lars, a young history lecturer who lives in the apartment. Tom starts to observe Lars secretly, and pursue him without revealing his existence or feelings for him. At the same time, Tom is developing a second obsession to a motorcyclist , that he meets on and on. More and more Tom gets lost in a labyrinth of passions. As Lars discovers him, the persecutor becomes the persecuted for a moment, but then things turn again into another direction... Creative writing professor's wife disappears A famous and successful TV prankster finds himself the victim of the ultimate prank when he is set up for a murder he did not commit. A man returns to his hometown of Memphis looking for his brothers, who are in trouble with the law. Inspired by the song "Long Way Back Home" by Lucero. In pursuit of the best that the winter of 2012 had to offer, the Absinthe crew employed a dual strategy to both hustle &amp; hunker down waiting. In a year of erratic snowfall, there was no other way to slay. But by splitting up and spreading out across the globe in smaller groups, they stacked the odds in their favor. The strategy worked. Tight, agile crews tuned themselves to local frequencies enabling them to tap into record-breaking dumps in Europe, heavy sessions in the Pacific Northwest, Japan, and ultimately, Alaska. It was a winter with Resonance: new riders came on board, new locations were exposed and as always, the Absinthe cameras captured all the action on film. Chinna Dada is a Malayalam movie. The movie is directed by Raju Champakara and featured Riyaz Khan, Jayan Cherthala and Ganga T. Krishnan as lead characters. Other popular actors who were roped in for Chinna Dada are Kalabhavan Shajon, Jinu Aanikkad, N. Gopalakrishnan and Nazeer Samkranthi. Abandoned and filled with a mysterious past, Holy Angel School for Girls is about to reveal its secrets of betrayal, jealousy, and vengeance. Rumours of haunting, paired with the desire to forget the painful tragedy that took place years before, have kept the truth buried with the innocent victims. After a heavy decision, Anna and Juhan are unable to move on with their lives. They take time off at their friends' fancy summer house and once there, are forced to offer shelter to another couple caught in the storm.The couple assumes that the house belongs to Anna and Juhan and they do nothing to correct the mistake. Instead, they seize their new roles and start taking their mutual bitterness out on the strangers. Pretenders is a psychological drama about the truths and illusions of a relationship A successful art gallery coordinator, living a double life as a serial killer, preys on the hopeless as she attempts to find meaning behind the voices she hears. When she believes she is falling in love with a depressed comic book artist; she struggles between what her heart is telling her to do about him... and what the voices are telling her to do about him. A young and talented photographer and videomaker decides to lose his virginity as a birthday present to himself. As some twisted logic suggests, he invites a girl, whom he barely knows, and two of her friends. It takes some time for the girls to realise that the night ahead of them will be bloodcurdling. A blind woman finds herself the target of an attacker again after the person originally convicted of her rape is found to be innocent of the crime. Asher is a former Mossad agent turned gun for hire, living an austere life in an ever-changing Brooklyn. Approaching the end of his career, he breaks the oath he took as a young man when he meets Sophie on a hit gone wrong. In order to have love in his life before it's too late, he must kill the man he was, for a chance at becoming the man he wants to be. A young couple in tropical Australia is trapped in their home by three fugitives carrying a mysterious icebox containing unknown contents, and they must rely on their wits and cunning to survive as a severe tropical cyclone looms. Dr. Genessier is riddled with guilt after an accident that he caused disfigures the face of his daughter, the once beautiful Christiane, who outsiders believe is dead. Dr. Genessier, along with accomplice and laboratory assistant Louise, kidnaps young women and brings them to the Genessier mansion. After rendering his victims unconscious, Dr. Genessier removes their faces and attempts to graft them on to Christiane's. A chronicle of country music legend Johnny Cash's life, from his early days on an Arkansas cotton farm to his rise to fame with Sun Records in Memphis, where he recorded alongside Elvis Presley, Jerry Lee Lewis and Carl Perkins. A young boy wins a tour through the most magnificent chocolate factory in the world, led by the world's most unusual candy maker. A farm girl mistakenly shoots and kills an endangered Philippine Eagle. When authorities begin a manhunt to track down the eagle's killer, they stumble upon an even more horrific discovery. A resentful 14-year-old girl is drawn into a seemingly innocent friendship with an older man, but the relationship turns sinister. Two brothers and their wives meet up at a haute-cuisine restaurant to discuss what to do about a horrific crime that their sons committed together. As the quartet debate their options, the conversation reopens old wounds between the siblings. Stranded at the side of the road after a tire blowout, a group of friends become targets for an enigmatic sniper. A group of young people happen upon an old man in a castle who turns out to be the devil. The story revolves around a retired judge, Mr. Sen, living in a farmhouse on the outskirts of the city. The people who stay in the colony are a handful of social outcasts. One day, the judge is found dead under mysterious circumstances, and Byomkesh takes up the case. An action/thriller set in 1977 about four friends who reunite for a bachelor party to hunt for buried Prohibition money on Kentucky's Bluegrass Bourbon Trail, only to become ripped apart by greed, corruption, and murder. When a suburban slacker has a reckless encounter with a mysterious woman, his life begins to unravel in horrific fashion. His friends and family believe he's losing his mind, but he's convinced something far more sinister is taking place. With the world under attack by deadly creatures who hunt by sound, a teen and her family seek refuge outside the city and encounter a mysterious cult. A police detective falls in love with the woman whose murder he's investigating. Gunslinger Jonah Hex (Josh Brolin) is appointed by President Ulysses Grant to track down terrorist Quentin Turnbull (John Malkovich), a former Confederate officer determined on unleashing hell on earth. Jonah not only secures freedom by accepting this task, he also gets revenge on the man who slayed his wife and child. Megan Fox plays a prostitute as well as Jonah Hex's love interst in the film. A married couple suspect that the 'smart apartments' in their high tech residence are being used by its owner for sinister reasons. Poltergeist Encounters An enthralling &amp; action-packed comedy-thriller, full of blistering excitement. A love-crazed couple from the future is chased back in time by the treacherous underworld they betrayed. A notorious gangster Vedha surrenders himself to encounter specialist Vikram whom he challenges every step of the way by narrating his life events in the form of riddles that needs to be solved in order to capture him. A driver named Bhakti Thapa is assigned a job to transport 1 crore rupees from Pokhara to Kathmandu. But people having this secret information are behind him to rob him when the chance comes. Steve, suffering from a collapsing marriage, invites his three closest friends on a weekend retreat to the mountains only to discover his real troubles are in the trees that surround them. A 2017 documentary. A surreal and disturbing tale centred on two divided villages in a civil war where women are unable to conceive and a remedy is desperately sought. Willington's only love, Mariana, is about to get married to Rene, Willington's cousin. While Willington is trying to get her back, a demobilization process concerning an illegal armed group is underway in the region, and new killings, besides rumors of a thief at large, will endanger Mariana's new family. A CEO for a television channel finds his life torn apart after he wakes up from coma. When a drifter befriends a quirky mortician, an unlikely business partnership is formed. Paranoia soon develops, however, and both men are forced to come to terms with the fragility of friendship and loyalty. In September 2012, four film students mysteriously disappeared while making a documentary at an abandoned building in downtown Mexico City. This is the footage recovered from the shooting. Set in the futuristic Metro City, Astro Boy (Atom) is a young robot with incredible powers created by a brilliant scientist in the image of the son he had lost. Unable to fulfill his creator's expectations, Astro embarks on a journey in search of acceptance, experiencing betrayal and a netherworld of robot gladiators, before returning to save Metro City and reconcile with the father who rejected him. The last un-renovated building in a trendy Berlin neighbourhood is being vacated. The former tenants are moving out, but Dietmar refuses to budge. His son Tobias tries to convince him to move into social housing. However, his father resists and the situation between Tobias, his father, and the building's realtor, who seems to be there by chance, escalates and gets completely out of hand. The chief security officer at a top-secret medical facility finds himself caught in an explosive battle when a young thief and his accomplices steal a groundbreaking curative medicine. After discovering the true origins of the medicine, the officer must decide who he can trust to protect the cure from falling into the wrong hands, and prevent an all-out war from bringing the city to its knees. Lekha Tharoor (Meera Jasmine) is an intelligent woman with a breadth of knowledge about everything who anchors a popular TV show of her own. She was blinded at a young age in an accident involving firecrackers.  She gets her sight back after getting a transplant. However post the operation she starts getting strange visions which unfortunately makes the people around her think that she lost her mind. A young couple meet a mysterious man who, in the course of conversation, covers Japanese cuisine, Bengali literature, and his own checkered past. A detective seeks the truth about the murder of a young woman. A college graduate goes to work as a nanny for a rich New York family. Ensconced in their home, she has to juggle their dysfunction, a new romance, and the spoiled brat in her charge. Before you send someone a message on social media please watch this film. This can happen to you! When novelist Paula Martin retreats to the seclusion of her family home Crows Hall she hopes to clear her mind and focus on her new book. The arrival of an assistant, Linda, should take the pressure off... but as the bodies pile up, Paula finds herself trapped in a terrifying nightmare of murder and madness. A woman during the Second World War opens her heart to an evacuee after initially resolving to be rid of him. Returning home from a shopping trip to a nearby town, bored suburban housewife Laura Jesson is thrown by happenstance into an acquaintance with virtuous doctor Alec Harvey. Their casual friendship soon develops during their weekly visits into something more emotionally fulfilling than either expected, and they must wrestle with the potential havoc their deepening relationship would have on their lives and the lives of those they love. A struggling mixed martial arts fighter finds himself in a fight for his life after his one night stand is found dead in her home. The wife of a psycho-analyst falls prey to a devious quack hypnotist when he discovers she is an habitual shoplifter. Then one of his previous patients now being treated by the real doctor is found murdered, with her still at the scene, and suspicion points only one way. A 21-year-old reformed gangster's devotion to his family and his future is put to the test when he is released from prison and returns to his old stomping grounds in Watts, Los Angeles. Six young friends in the small town of Angamaly tries their luck by starting a pork business lead by Vincent Pepe. They initially strike a business deal with Rajan and Ravi despite the duo having killed a close friend of theirs in a gang fight. Vincent is in love with Sakhi and plan to immigrate abroad with her. But their plans hit a road bump as the deal with the gangsters hits some road bumps. After narrowly escaping arrest in Prague, Czech mobster Radim "Kacko" Kraviec flees first to Seychelles and then to South Africa where he continues with his criminal endeavours. However, his illicit activities cannot go unnoticed forever.  Woyzeck is a hapless, low-ranking soldier-alone and powerless in the tribal society around him. He earns extra money by taking part in medical experiments, but during one such experiment his mental health begins to deteriorate and he begins to experience a series of apocalyptic visions. Assaulted from all sides by forces he cannot control, Woyzeck takes matters into his own hands when he finds his wife has been sleeping with another soldier. It is a simple story of a convict on death row, who escapes from prison and accidentally ends up with a veteran who is called upon by the authorities to teach the process of hanging a convict to the new staff. Shabana Khan is the special agent who is entrusted the task of assassinating a deadly arms dealer by the Indian Intelligence Agencies. A man must go to great lengths to save his wife. A policeman is assigned by his superior officer to find and apprehend escaped convict Richard B. Riddick, Riddick was being transported on-board space transport vessel "Hunter-Gratzner" carrying on-board 40 people, where a bounty hunter named Johns who captured him was escorting him to the penal colony "Slam City" and claim the bounty on his head. But the "Hunter-Gratzner" was struck by a meteor shower and crashed on a desert planet, where Riddick and 10 survivors were marooned. The policeman decides to hire a female bounty hunter to track down and capture Riddick alive. The female bounty hunter begins to suspect there is something more behind the "Hunter-Gratzner" incident and learns one of the survivors, Paris P. Ogilive was carrying on-board "Hunter-Gratzner" a priceless collection of artifacts and learns the back-stories of the 10 survivors as well as Riddick. A pair of bank robbers knock off Bohemian tenants in search for their stolen loot. A radio host is kidnapped on air and forced to tell secrets about his past. Film from Tody Walker A squadron of North Korean soldiers during the Korean war must scramble across dangerous terrain to cut off an American attack (with only the eponymous 12 hours in which to do it). With a commander whose health is failing him, a group of young but fiercely patriotic soldiers the DPRK army manage to hold off the Yanks (who foolishly informed the press of their planned attack before going through with it). In 1934 Diego Padilla wins the Spanish Championship of Chess and meets a French journalist, Marianne Latour, and they fall in love. At the end of the Civil War, Marianne convinces Diego to live in France with their daughter, where shortly afterwards Diego will be accused of spying by the Nazis and imprisoned in an SS prison. In prison, Diego will try to survive in a hostile environment thanks to Colonel Maier's passion for chess. No overview found. In 1,000 BC, a virgin and her friends venture into the hills, to grieve and ponder the grim fate that awaits her. St. Agatha is set in the 1950s in small town Georgia. A pregnant con woman named Agatha is on the run and seeks refuge in a convent hidden in deafening isolation. What first starts out as the perfect place to have a child turns into a dark lair where silence is forced. Ghastly secrets are masked, and every bit of will power Agatha has is tested. She soon learns the sick and twisted truth of the convent and the odd people that lurk inside its halls. Agatha must now find a way to discover the unyielding strength needed to escape and save her baby before she's caged behind these walls forever.  A Chicago lawyer embraces his undying faith when his teenage son is accused of murdering a classmate. In danger of losing his business, Anthony Roca, an ordinary man, develops a scam that will become the heist of the century. Overtaken by the crime, he will have to deal with betrayal, murder and settling. A documentary about the making of the 2001 Hip-Hop album "Disposable Arts" Four female friends spend the night in a mansion. Their joy is quickly shattered when three men break in and cruelly attack them. As the night takes a darker turn, they find themselves relishing in the violence they had once suffered. Would you believe in a policewoman who suffers from such serious panic disorders that she is afraid to get close to any crime scene and has been on permanent office duty for more than a decade? Would you believe a lone mother who is unfit to pay her mortgage and also raise her rebellious teenage daughter? Indeed, no one believes that the troubled ex-detective has discovered a serial murder case. Personal dramas and a murder mystery unfold in present-day Budapest, where demonstrations are part of the pre-election life of a city still trying to cope with the shadows of its historical and recent past. It is a city where nothing seems honest and true, except through the eyes of an emotionally unstable policewoman and her misfit daughter who wants to know who her father truly was. A man receives a mysterious box containing a terrible secret, a creature that will kill everyone else in his family unless he passes it on to someone he loves to continue its never-ending circulation. In 1916, beautiful young mute Helen is a domestic worker for elderly, ailing Mrs. Warren. Mrs. Warren's two adult sons, Albert (a professor) and womanizing impudent Steven, also live in the Warren mansion. Mrs. Warren becomes concerned for Helen's safety when a rash of murders involving 'women with afflictions' hits the neighborhood. She implores her physician, Dr. Parry, to take Helen away for her own safety. When another murder occurs inside the Warren mansion, it becomes obvious that Helen is in danger. After an unprecedented global pandemic has turned the majority of humankind into violent infected beings, Morgan, a man gifted with the ability to speak the infected's new language, leads the last survivors on a hunt for patient zero and a cure. A young college professor and his pregnant wife unwittingly release a malevolent entity with murderous intentions. Daniel is a young man struggling with an inner identity that is desperate to be realised. After leaving his father to move to London, his subconscious desires begin to take control. Led by his new co-worker and upon finding London's Drag hotspot 'Lost & Found' nightclub, Daniel realises his life will never have to be the same again. A loan recovery agent takes on a corrupt head of an educational institution to save his girlfriend.  Handsome Stranger has agreed to escort Charming Jones to collect her inheritance from her father. But Avery Jones wants the money, and hires notorious outlaw Cactus Jack to ambush Charming. However, Cactus Jack is not very good at robbing people. Troubling circumstances bring forward three women who work together to plot their revenge against one common man who is responsible for destroying their lives. A group of career criminals finds itself trapped in a warehouse with the law - and an Attack Dog named DeNiro closing in. Part documentary, part personal essay, this experimental film combines archive imagery with the striking wintry landscapes of Alaska to tell the story of immigrant experience coming into the UK from the 1950s onwards. An ex-cop is temporarily blinded when he steals cash from a money laundering operations. While recuperating in Mexico, the thief falls in love with a beautiful woman who has underworld connections. When the girl disappears, he returns to the United States to find her, risking death from the gangster Amy is secretly pregnant and thinking abortion. Meanwhile, Amy and her husband are sent to a village to research a story about demonic possession. Little does Amy know, she is just a pawn in the master plan of the evil's arrival. Reclusive veteran Frank Olsen yearns to escape from the complexities of the modern world. Unfortunately, despite his efforts, the world comes looking for him. When their daughter is kidnapped by experienced nappers (Bacon and Love), the Jennings' (Theron and Townsend) turn the tables on this seemingly foolproof plan. At a certain park, there is a mysterious man, who has red eyes and a black suit, that people can go to and request him to kill someone. His assassinations can never be blamed on him because he takes no illegal action. His strength is in the power of suggestion and the arrangement of events. He accepts these requests, all the while privately mocking the foolishness of those whose unwise wishes he grants. Kaveh Nariman is a Doctor in the medical examiner's office. One day at his work he meets a corpse which is very familiar to him. Randy Bodek works as a pizza delivery boy at Senor Pizza to make a few extra bucks. Some customers are special, though: When the order is for a pizza with extra anchovies, it means the female customers are looking for some loving. "Loverboy's" reputation soon makes him very popular, but when Mom Bodek suddenly feels like some extra anchovies, things are looking grim for young Randy  The lives of several people take a terrifying turn after discovering the attic in an old house with a mysterious past.  A reformed criminal is blackmailed when three girls are murdered. A Communist officer falls hard for a married woman trying to escape from Hungary. Plagued by the abuse of her past and the turmoil of failed intimate encounters, Laura struggles to find a lover and a sense of normalcy. Her beacon of hope comes in sixteen year-old Eva, a talented pianist disillusioned by the life her mother imposes upon her. An unlikely relationship is formed between the two and Eva becomes an obsession to Laura. In light of Eva's unhappiness, Laura convinces her to runaway to her house and they soon find themselves caught within an intense entanglement. Manipulation, denial and codependency fuel what ultimately becomes a fractured dynamic that can only sustain itself for so long. this romantic drama tells the story of dreams and ambitions for a generation of young Iranians who often find those things difficult to come by. In this unique take on a familiar theme, a ...  A ticking-time-bomb insomniac and a slippery soap salesman channel primal male aggression into a shocking new form of therapy. Their concept catches on, with underground "fight clubs" forming in every town, until an eccentric gets in the way and ignites an out-of-control spiral toward oblivion. Five identical brothers embark on a life-long struggle for personal independence from one another. Two lifelong friends head up to an isolated Scottish Highlands village for a weekend hunting trip that descends into a never-ending nightmare as they attempt to cover up a horrific hunting accident. In this tough French-Canadian drama, two outsiders -- one who works with the law, another who lives outside it -- come together with unfortunate consequences. Linda (Sylvie Moreau) is a devoted single mother who will do anything to support her five-year-old daughter, Charlotte (Sarah Lecompte-Bergeron). Unfortunately, a lot of what Linda does best isn't exactly legal, such as luring well-to-do men into the park and then mugging them. One night, Linda is trying to coax a visitor from America into the shadows when the situation starts to go wrong. Meanwhile, Ghislain (Gabriel Arcand) is a shy, lonely fellow who works at the morgue and likes to listen to the blues late at night. In time, we discover that Linda and Ghislain met at one time, leading to an ugly encounter for both of them. A police chief about to retire pledges to help a woman find her daughter's killer. Based on a story by Swiss writer Friedrich Durrenmatt. A grandmother dies and leaves behind hours of secret film and audio recordings as well as an envelope with the words "Must read after my death," which reveal a dark history for her family to discover. Cady Heron is a hit with The Plastics, the A-list girl clique at her new school, until she makes the mistake of falling for Aaron Samuels, the ex-boyfriend of alpha Plastic Regina George. On a remote Irish farm, five people become unwilling participants in an experiment that goes nightmarishly wrong. A young woman, born in the early 50's, is rendered ageless after her 21st birthday due to a genetic mutation. Her Hayflick Limit - the point at which cells begin to die - has been ... The mood is heated. Demonstrations are taking place across France, also in front of the Paris hotel where an Italian named Giorgio is booking the bridal suite for him and his boyfriend Antonio. Hotel manager Diana doesn't trust them and calls the police to get rid of the odd couple. Italians? Homosexuals? Criminals? In the charged atmosphere of the Hotel Occidental, little is needed for initial suspicions to be aroused. Studying under a disciple of Aleister Crowley, the leader of an upper class group invokes a supernatural force that slowly devours the village of Marienbad and its inhabitants, threatening to spread beyond its geographical limits. The mayor from the town nearby commissions the building of a dam which would flood the valley and therefore submerge the village forever sealing the evil force under water after leader and his followers were incapacitated to be kept from escaping. However, fate ensured the leader's freedom as he remained in the depths when the waters covered Marienbad. Now 40 years later an array of disappearances and deaths in mysterious circumstances are threatening the town next to the reservoir that now covers Marienbad. A black couple is pulled over by police when a simple traffic stop becomes a nightmare they will never forget. An interracial lesbian couple commit a murder and have to flee for their lives. A group of idealistic, but frustrated, liberals succumb to the temptation of murdering rightwing pundits for their political beliefs. A slick private eye (Duane Martin) set out to investigate the death of a young rapper, only to find himself knee-deep in drugs, guns, and double crosses. Vivica A. Fox and real-life rappers Jadakiss and Sticky Fingaz co-star. Mike Fallon, the Accident Man, is a stone cold killer.  When a loved one is murdered by his own crew, Fallon is forced to avenge the one person who actually meant something to him. This outrageously funny look at one man's final moments of bachelorhood stars Tom Hanks as Rick, reluctant recipient of a bachelor bash given by a group of friends who view partying as their full-time religion. Rick's worried fiancee, Debbie (Tawny Kitaen), dresses up in disguise and crashes the party to spy on her future husband. Preparing for a national competition, a group of paintball players camp on an island. The island, however, holds secrets which will make them realize that their skills serve for more than a game, they serve to not be eliminated. Rivalries, dark secrets, and sexual tension emerge when three best friends find themselves stranded on a yacht in the middle of the ocean under suspicious circumstances. A paradise is emerging on earth. It is neither a dream nor a utopian delusion but an opportunity for a new kind of society. A step beyond the human as it has been known. A step we don't dare to consummate. TAKASHI Hasegawa is conducting unauthorized research on how to synchronize brainwaves of humans and animals. One day, he thinks he may be able to cure his mother with dementia in this way. A series of episodic tales that have in common the presence of a mysterious man who collects the souls of sinners. A discontented New York family woman is unexpectedly called to Tuscany to execute her estranged mother's will. There, she must decipher visions of her forgotten childhood and confront a spectral "Lady in Red," whose dark secret unlocks a terrifying destiny. Forced to give up his dreams of art school, Zach works dead-end jobs to support his sister and her son. Questioning his life, he paints, surfs and hangs out with his best friend, Gabe. When Gabe's older brother returns home for the summer, Zach suddenly finds himself drawn into a relationship he didn't expect. Following a traffic accident, a young man loses his memory and identity. Soon he will embark on a nightmarish adventure, confronting his darkest side. A couple who document their whole life on social media decide to go on a camping trip and share their every move with their followers. What they don t know is that someone is going to prove how easy it is to stalk someone in the digital age. Arriving at the camp site, their followers are close by and are ready to go to extreme and deadly lengths to prove their point. Bangarraju is an innocent & good-hearted person he leaves for Hyderabad in search of job,Meeting an elderly woman who helps him get a job,he lands in trouble from a lookalike Sunil Varma who robs a Diamond-studded idol from a mafia don's house,are they both twins or is sunil varma actually bangarraju ?  It is an action, drama film about an NRI boy Mithu, coming to India to connect to his true roots. PROGRESS Chapter 10: Glory Follows Virtue As If It Were Its Shadow A luxury condo manager leads a staff of workers to seek payback on the Wall Street swindler who defrauded them. With only days until the billionaire gets away with the perfect crime, the unlikely crew of amateur thieves enlists the help of petty crook Slide to steal the $20 million they're sure is hidden in the penthouse. Shadiya Akbar IPS, a renowned police officer, addresses a group of trainees by narrating a memorable instance from her career. The episode and the characters of the case offer her a valuable lesson in a current case, that extends beyond the litigation. Julia, an online vlogger from Germany, comes to the US to visit her cousin Hannah. Upon her arrival, Julia falls fatefully ill, prompting Hannah's suspicion of the strange and sudden illness. When unusual happenings start taking place in her home, Hannah begins a relentless internet search to discover the cause. She comes across Julia's vlog entries and finds herself immersed deep in the web - too deep - in a place where terror knows no end. When the money needed for his daughter's operation is stolen, a desperate father seeks the help of an honest cop who tries to catch the criminals, retrieve the amount and in the process, save the girl. After the death of her father, Leyla decides to go after her family in Istanbul, looking for the answer he himself never got. A talkative taxi driver helps her, as they also share a quiet moment. After a robbery gone wrong, Aaron - barricaded in a rest stop bathroom - faces down the police, hallucinations, and a grim secret. In 1947, those aspiring to be priest are sent to a remote convent to live in seclusion on the last day of their training. The purpose is to shield them from evil of the world. The plot thickens when a mysterious young girl comes to the convent but the question is whether she is really sent by God or by the Evil. Spanish soldiers battle indigenous tribes and their own brutal natures as they search for a legendary city built of gold. Lighthearted suspense film about a phony psychic/con artist and her taxi driver/private investigator boyfriend who encounter a pair of serial kidnappers while trailing a missing heir in California. In the misty town of Manali, ACP Ashwini Dixit attempts to solve a series of mysterious murders happening in a single night, which might be connected to the night club, Vodka Diaries. In the ancient village of Shivapuram, little Ananthan hears a tale from his mother, Gayathri (Revathi). She tells him that his family comes from a line of powerful magicians, and they are responsible for protecting nagamanikyam, a jewel on a serpent's head. The jewel, she narrates, lies in a secret place in the house guarded by snakes, including a tiny snake called Kunjootan.  Years later, obeying the wishes of his dead mother, Ananthan (Prithviraj Sukumaran) returns to his ancestral village to light the lamps at Shivakavu, a dark and mysterious temple of Shiva. A first of its kind crime based thriller in Gujarati During the most drastic and prolonged drought in California history, a water truck delivery driver uses his resources to return water to the communities that need it most. The satellite has vanished and the only clue is a trail leading to a small village nestled on the outskirts of forest line. As the team begins to investigate they quickly discover that something else came back from space, something not of this world. As their time runs out, the team must battle to unlock the terrifying truth behind the ill-fated mission. Three friends -- Ashwin, Kishore and Praveen get into business by purchasing a resort. Pretty soon, they find that they've got more than what they've bargained for. Apparently, the resort is haunted by a ghost. Unwilling to sell the resort, they seek the help of a mentalist, Rudra, to exorcise the ghost. A powerful international army assigns a regiment the task of guarding a mysterious man, held in a maximum security prison in the middle of the desert. Soldier Salome, daughter of Commander Antipas, becomes obsessed with him... Eros and Thanatos together reminding us that truth is based on beauty and love. A student travels with her boyfriend to Chiloe, remote Patagonia island in southern Chile, to investigate the link that exists between the high number of sexual related crimes and the myths 'n' legends that surround this mysterious place. Rob Grant and Mike Kovac receive a disturbing fan video inspired by their previous horror movie Mon Ami, motivating them to investigate the responsibility of filmmakers in portraying violence in movies. In their pursuit of the truth they are unwittingly introduced to the real world of violent criminals and their victims. Alone, and targeted on an isolated farm, 12 year old Henry finds himself at the center of a maelstrom of terror, and a dark family legacy, when his secretive grandfather dies suddenly in the night. A software engineer starts hearing a voice inside his head that tells him to go in search of a woman named Jayalakshmi and murder her! A fast-talking lawyer transforms his body and takes a vow of silence, not to be broken until he finds out who killed his wife and daughter and has his revenge.  Agron and Marjeta are happily engaged until in a trial presided by Agron, two people accused of theft reveal facts that implicate Marjeta's father. Agron is torn between love and duty. This unique longform video "LEGEND OF A BAND," chronicles the twenty-five year history of The Moody Blues, proving their long standing reputation for creating some of the most haunting, melodic and rythmic rock classics. An award-winning performer trio and a sophisticated story characterize the thrilling TV thriller "The Missing Woman". From the naive betrayed to the tough revenge angel Corinna Harfouch turns into the lead role. At her side, Ulrich Matthes silently plays a professional killer, who does not look at the cards. Never laying an excuse, is the Dortmund crime scene commissar Jorg Hartmann in the role of a shameless swindler. Because all three want to cash in on the life insurance, begins a game of fraud and extortion, in which also the red light milieu interferes. Brad has committed murder and barricaded himself inside his house. With the help of his friends and neighbours, the cops piece together the strange tale of how this nice young man arrived at such a dark place. Detective Philip Lovecraft lives in Los Angeles in the 1950s when an ambitious Senator is holding hearings, on Magic. Magic is the new influence in Tinsel Town. Lovecraft is unique in that he is the only one who refuses to use magic in his work. Shortly after he is hired, he finds his client, Kim Hudson, accused of the murder of her husband, a film executive. Philip uses the talents of a local witch, Kropotkin, to explain what is happening only to see her accused of the murder and sentenced to be burnt at the stake. Reminiscent of Roger Rabbit, without the toons.  If you don't see things as a problem, you don't have one. This is the attitude Janne is trying to maintain towards the fact of being raped by the brother-in-law of her new boss. In the aftermath of her private bankruptcy, she needs a job and hates the idea of being a victim. Still, remaining silent about the incident has its consequences. When social worker Shu-fen discovers that her pregnant teenage daughter Ya-ting has disappeared, her search for Ya-ting ends her with many horrifying mysteries...  Meeting the mysterious Mei-hua who imprisons her own daughter inside her house covered with papers written with spells and encountering the missing and pregnant Yi-chun in an abandoned hospital, the trio returns to the Red Forest to rescue Ya-ting and Shu-fen finally realizes that the deepest fear arises from love... India's first underwater war film tries to decode the mystery behind the sinking of Pakistani submarine PNS Ghazi during the Indo-Pak war of 1971. On the face of it, they're just another family moving to the wide open spaces of the Big Sky Country for a tree change. But for teenage Imogen Day and her parents Samantha and Will, the move to Montana is an escape from quite a unique kind of bullying. Desperate to make a new life for herself, Imogen must overcome new tormentors, old secrets, and a strange presence in the attic. Nikhil, a student who joins a college for his post graduate course. Being a guy with a modern personality, Nikhil wants to bring about social changes. As part of an NSS camp, he goes to a village where some interesting events happen and this is what the movie revolves around. A pregnant woman and her husband are taken in by a farmer and his wife after crashing their car in the Scottish countryside. Once inside, they realize their hosts' daughter is a missing child from the news years earlier. Things take a sinister twist when the farmer and his wife inform the couple they intend to keep their baby once born. Katia, a young Polish woman adrift in London, meets Bob, an American tattoo artist. Katia is drawn to his mysterious aura and the taboo culture of body modification, but Bob has a dark, secret desire to leave his mark on the world and little does Katia know that her fascination with him will put her life in danger. From feminist director and provocateur Monika Treut comes this eclectic collection of four short documentaries profiling unconventional women. One has Camille Paglia explaining her ways of thinking. One has Annie Sprinkle explaining her approach to performance art, which includes inviting audience members to view her cervix with a speculum. One interview investigates a professional woman's preoccupation with sadomasochism. The fourth documents the life adjustments of an F2M (female-to-male) sex change who looks like a dangerous biker, with slick black hair, a matching motorcycle jacket, and tattoos. CIA agent Marcus is sent undercover to Detroit to take out an arms dealer and the head of the hedge fund that is financing him. His CIA backup has other plans and turns on him, and it's a fight to survive in a hospital and into the hedge fund vault. Two years before he first donned The Count's cloak for Dracula, Christopher Lee had one of his earliest leading roles in this fascinating low budget short subject. Arguably Lee's first venture into Gothic territory on screen, it memorably features the camera - perhaps for the very first time - zooming in for a chilling close up of those unforgettably steely eyes. Louis and Annabel, a young couple, have to go in Barcelona. They decide to go there thanks to the car-sharing.Vinz is going to be their driver but Louis will be more and more insecure during the travel because he thinks Annabel is attracted by Vinz. Is he only parano or is there a real attraction ? A surrealistic short from minimalist cartoonist Kuri Yoji. Ellion Ness, a thoroughly professional stripper, goes through her paces, bares her body, and then, astonishingly and literally, transcends it. While the film makes a forceful political statement on the image of woman and the true meaning of stripping, the intergalactic transcendence of its ending locates it firmly within the mainstream of joyous humanism and stubborn optimism. Desperate to get back on top, venture capitalist Joel meets Nicolaus and Lester, entrepreneurs seeking investors for Empathy, Inc., a virtual reality startup offering realistic and moving experiences for users by placing them in the lives of the less fortunate. Joel gets the startup its funds but soon discovers the tech's creators have a far more insidious agenda. Hitomi Takagi (Fumika Shimizu) and Akako Honda (Rena Matsui) are members of comedy duo "Akako to Hitomi." The created the comedy duo about 5 years ago, but they are still not very popular. Everyday, they perform manzai to a regular audience in a corner of a small theater. One day, Hitomi and Akako catch a middle school student trying to steal Hitomi's bicycle. Since then, their fate as a female comedy duo begins to change. Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. In the wilderness of British Columbia, two hunters are tracked and viciously murdered by Aaron Hallum. A former Special Operations instructor is approached and asked to apprehend Hallum--his former student--who has 'gone rogue' after suffering severe battle stress from his time in Kosovo. A woman abandons her husband, changes her name, and remarries again. Complications ensue.  A mental patient with a violent past is released from the institution, against the advice of his doctors, and sent back to his old neighborhood. Was he released too soon? The story revolves around five friends -Sunil, Brajesh, Ranjan, Suhash and Avijit -who are all attracted to their common friend, Basobi. Basobi seems to be close to Ranjan. Then, she suddenly declares she will marry Brajesh, as she has always been in love with him. Just days before the wedding, Basobi is found dead at home and renowned detective Kiriti is approached to solve the case. Charming melodrama by the Vitagraph Company about the friendship between a boy (Bobby Connelly) and the grumpy Captain Barnacle(William Shea). This seems to be the first film in a short-lived Captain Barnacle series that Vitagraph started at the beginning of 1917. Young Bobby Connelly was one of the first star child actors and his character Sonny Boy links the two series he did for Vitagraph, the "Sonny Jim" series from 1914 to 1915 and the "Bobby" series in 1917. While investigating the furtive world of illegal doping in sports, director Bryan Fogel connects with renegade Russian scientist Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov--a pillar of his country's "anti-doping" program. Over dozens of Skype calls, urine samples, and badly administered hormone injections, Fogel and Rodchenkov grow closer despite shocking allegations that place Rodchenkov at the center of Russia's state-sponsored Olympic doping program. An entry-level employee at a powerful corporation finds himself occupying a corner office, but at a dangerous price--he must spy on his boss's old mentor to secure for him a multi-billion dollar advantage. When several carnal murders in a small beach town are linked to the public release of a discreet dating app's client information, detective Maxine Payton suspects the killer may be someone intimately close to her. See what happens at Australia's craziest automotive pilgrimage when Pauly and his team do Summernats. After suffering a wrongful death in 1914, former US - slave, Marie Scott - now a vampire - got a second chance at living to gain vengeance and live forever. This type of life comes with a price and like everyone else, Marie Scott must pay. Enactone is a glimpse into queer, erotic rituals for a yearly vampire holiday. The question is, can Marie Scott resist the most prime orgasmic blood in her quest toward becoming the next lair mistress? A middle-aged office worker encounters aliens and is gifted with alien technology and limitless powers. A young aspiring boxer is lured by a powerful impresario into a dangerously compromising situation. Tony, a promising young motorcycle racer, is forced to do perilous drug runs to save the mother of his child from a dangerous mobster. The Munns, father John and sons Chris and Tim, recede to the woods of rural Georgia. Their life together is forever changed with the arrival of Uncle Deel, though the tragedy that follows forces troubled Chris to become a man. Keshava, A law college student is on a hunt down to kill all those who destroyed his family in a dreadful accident. Keshava commits a series of murders and a special officer is appointed to deal with the case. Rest of the story is as to how Keshav dodges the cops and completes his revenge with the help of Satyabhama. Je-In (Ha Ji-Won) is a mystery novel writer. She chases after a serial killer with her longtime friend Rok-Hwan (Chun Jung-Myung). Rok-Hwan is a detective. A handsome and mysterious man, Jason (Chen Bolin), appears in front of them.  Dave and Joe, just evicted from their Oakland apartment, turn to stealing cars and dealing Fluoride to make their financial ends meet. One night they find Summer Hayes, star of a popular 1990's teen soap, in the trunk of a stolen automobile. Shoot-outs, car chases, and overdoses ensue. In the Fluoride heightened world of "Medias Res", nothing is what it at first appears to be. Set in a blighted, inner-city neighbourhood of London, Breaking and Entering examines an affair which unfolds between a successful British landscape architect and Amira, a Bosnian woman - the mother of a troubled teen son - who was widowed by the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Six people bound together by a traumatic experience decide to round off a year of group therapy in style. They join each other once more, traveling up to the Scottish Lowlands for a reunion weekend in a 1970s holiday let. Soon a number of mysterious and horrifying events start to expose the cracks in their relationships, and one by one they discover that trust runs but skin-deep. A night of closure turns out to be far more final than they could have anticipated. The journey of a blind chef through a newfound love, a retrieved vision and an invigorating journey of twists, turns and answers along the way. Colombian drug kingpin Jesus Morales secretly pays for the services of a sniper nicknamed "The Devil," capable of killing one-by-one the enemies of anyone who hires him. With no adversaries left alive, Morales grows stronger and gains control of more smuggling routes into the United States. The DEA, alarmed by this threat to the country, sends agent Kate Estrada, who has been following Morales for years, and Marine sniper Brandon Beckett to Colombia. Their mission: Kill "The Devil" and bring Morales back to the US to be tried for his crimes. The agents think they have everything under control, but Morales and "The Devil" have prepared plenty of surprises to keep the mission from succeeding. Pupul is twelve years old. But, instead of studying and playing like other twelve year old, the only thing that interests him is solving cases. His two friends, Tatai and Bhebli, are equally enthusiastic on being sleuths and assisting Pupul. Pupul calls himself Captain Spark , roams around with a toy pistol and dreams of possessing a durbin (binocular), which, according to him, will make him a real detective. So when his uncle presents him one on his birthday, disaster strikes. Looking through the durbin, Pupul witnesses a murder and decides to catch the culprit. A long lucky streak makes a nice guy the target of opportunists like his brother, his girlfriend, and some guys from New Jersey. Nine celebrities invited to a mysterious island, but strangely, one by one, they got killed. And the culprit is one of them. Two unemployable actresses become real superheroes thanks to twin space fairies. A vigilante fitness instructor investigates an explosion to save the world from IQ level loss. Chloe, a fragile young woman, falls in love with her psychoanalyst, Paul. A few months later she moves in with him, but soon discovers that her lover is concealing a part of his identity. Lucy travels to an isolated house in the forest to wait for her sister. They have worked out a risky scheme for their future and all she needs to do is sit it out. However a sinister presence may have something different in mind.  An independent, single mother who owns a small hotel on a Greek island is about to marry off the spirited young daughter she's raised alone. But, the daughter has secretly invited three of her mother's ex-lovers in the hopes of finding her biological father. A malicious business partner, Mr. Fissehaye plots to remove his partner Amanual. Fissehaye sees an opportunity through his new employee Tigisti, an orphans and desperately in need of a job. The plot takes an unexpected twist when Zablon, the son of Mr Fissehaye complicates the plan. "Those that set in motion the forces of evil cannot always control them afterwards." Zero Degree is a 2015 Bangladeshi psychological thriller film written and directed by Animesh Aich, starring Mahfuz Ahmed, Joya Ahsan, Dilruba Yasmeen Ruhee and Iresh Zaker in lead roles. The film focuses on a love triangle that later turns fatal and revengeful. The film's first look was launched on 5 November 2014 and a trailer was released on 15 January 2015. The film is produced by Mahfuz Ahmed under the banner Playhouse Production. The film released on 6 February 2015. After a former elite agent rescues a 12-year-old Chinese girl who's been abducted, they find themselves in the middle of a standoff between Triads, the Russian Mafia and high-level corrupt New York City politicians and police. Martin sedates women with a syringe full of narcotics and then slices their wrists with a razor blade so he can drink their blood. Martin, who comes to live with his uncle and cousin in the dying town of Braddock, Pennsylvania, has romantic monochrome visions of vampiric seductions and torch-lit mobs, but it is impossible to tell how seriously he takes them. Stranded deep in the woods, a young married couple is taken in by an isolationist family, one that lives off the blood and plunder from lost hikers, and they want the couple to stay for the rest of their lives. A pickpocket, his girlfriend and a cop become the targets of an education racket.   What limits does Malena cross to get what she wants most? Malena is a 38 year old middle class doctor from Buenos Aires. One afternoon she receives the call from Doctor Costas, who informs her that she must travel immediately to the north of the country: the baby she was waiting for is about to be born. Unexpectedly Malena decides to embark on an uncertain journey, full of crossroads, facing all kinds of legal and moral obstacles that will make her constantly wondering how far she is ready to go. This is the story of inheritance and legacy. What do we leave behind? With a page from The Vice Consul by Marguerite Duras, sounds played by Charley Davis and Pam Kray, camera by Paul Bishow and Pam Kray. Actors: Kathy Sawhill, Mike Horsley, Mitch Blakely, Marcia Cameron, Wayne Combs, Travis Kray, Louie, Pierre DeVeaux, Zoie Lafis. An ex-con's plans to retire to Florida with a fortune in stolen money are waylaid after his former boss coaxes him to a remote bed and breakfast to protect the daughter he has never met. A storm traps him and 6 others at a B and B, events turn deadly. These seven seeming strangers discover that their lives are all connected by a tragic murder, from eleven years earlier. Five friends are picked up as suspects in a political murder, and the cops detain one among them to save face in front of the media. To save him, the guy's friend and a straightforward cop try to track down the real killer.  Bound for a remote planet on the far side of the galaxy, the crew of the colony ship 'Covenant' discovers what is thought to be an uncharted paradise, but is actually a dark, dangerous world--which has a sole inhabitant: the 'synthetic', David, survivor of the doomed Prometheus expedition. A ghost named Maya becomes the common link between Arjun, an artist in London, and Sharmila, a single mom and struggling actress from Bengaluru. Two fledgling criminals kidnap a pizza delivery guy, strap a bomb to his chest, and advise him that he has mere hours to rob a bank or else... The Oubliette is a 1914 silent drama film directed by Charles Giblyn, featuring Murdock MacQuarrie and Lon Chaney.[1] This film and By the Sun's Rays are two of Chaney's earliest surviving films. A distraught mother must cope with her embittered daughter who has the ability to cause "accidents" to happen. Elle wants to be a singer/songwriter, but her dreams are cut short by the sudden death of her parents. She moves in with her adoptive uncle, who runs a small independent record label whose biggest act, Sensation, is also Elle's biggest pain. Praful Patel (Kangana) is a 30-year-old divorcee living in Georgia with her middle-class parents. A housekeeper by profession, she gets drawn to a life of crime after her tryst with gambling at a Las Vegas casino. One bad turn leads to several more and before you know it, Praful is in a sordid mess. Mark wants to save Linda and Sherry using wild methods. In the meanwhile a dark side of their souls rise. To fight evil you need evil. Based on Samaresh's popular Gogol fiction Mahish Mardini Uddhar and Rai Raja Uddhar, the film unfolds with a 'sabeki' puja in a Bengal village, where all members of the once-royal household assemble during that time of year and Gogol will take us back to the time when joint households were in vogue. Gogol is in a way the younger version of Feluda who is gadget savvy, knows mob applications, has contemporary tastes and upbringing but still loves to be in a joint family and calls its members 'pisi-na kaka-didibhai-chhotomama etc. He never uses a tab but sharpens his 'magojastro'. Valerie, a Czechoslovakian teenager living with her grandmother, is blossoming into womanhood, but that transformation proves secondary to the effects she experiences when she puts on a pair of magic earrings. Now seeing the world around her in a different light, Valerie must endure her sexual awakening while attempting to discern reality from fantasy as she encounters lecherous priest Gracian, a vampire-like stranger and otherworldly carnival folk. After his young son dies from the negligence at a hospital, Harry Fertig takes matters into his own hands and kills the doctors responsible. Slick lawyer Roy Bleakie, looking only to win a case and not caring of the matters involved, is assigned Fertig's case. Shocked to hear that his client wants to plead guilty, the case causes Bleakie to question his own morals by defending an honorable man. A romance-comedy film directed by Jayatheertha, starring Sathish Ninasam and Sruthi Hariharan in the lead roles. A couple who devastated after losing their only child resort into obsessive act that can dangerously threatening their own life. Richard Cooper is a married man and father of two who is just plain bored with married life. Not getting any sex from his wife, he resorts to ogling random women on the street to the point that he takes lunch late to look at them. When old crush Nikki Tru visits his office to get a reference letter, she becomes obsessed with Cooper and they begin a complicated relationship. A reunion between two couples becomes a massacre when one of the guests meets an anonymous person online and willingly becomes a participant on a bloody path to becoming God-like. Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss, Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past--as well as a dogged police detective who's been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy's estranged son becomes a target, Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now, with nowhere safe to turn, Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right. Although Sam has the mental capacity of a 7-year-old, he has a daughter with a homeless woman who abandons them when they leave the hospital, leaving Sam to raise Lucy on his own. But as Lucy grows up, Sam's limitations start to become a problem and the authorities take her away. Sam shames high-priced lawyer, Rita into taking his case pro bono and in turn teaches her the value of love and family.  Based on the incredible true story, The Express follows the inspirational life of college football hero Ernie Davis, the first African-American to win the Heisman Trophy. Escaping death, a Hebrew infant is raised in a royal household to become a prince. Upon discovery of his true heritage, Moses embarks on a personal quest to reclaim his destiny as the leader and liberator of the Hebrew people. Saalai (The Road), the story of one man's inner struggle, a Psychological Thriller based on an Idea driven by strange encounters, shot in -30degC FREEZING COLD and DANGEROUS landscape presented for the first ever time in Tamil Cinema. A woman is forced to go on the run when her superhuman abilities are discovered. Years after having abandoned her family, the only place she has left to hide is home. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. Terri is a devoted wife and mother of two, living an ideal suburban life in Atlanta when Colin, a charming but dangerous escaped convict, shows up at her door claiming car trouble. Terri offers her phone to help him but soon learns that no good deed goes unpunished as she finds herself fighting for survival when he invades her home and terrorizes her family. A murder of a convict held in custody seems to be connected with dark and mysterious events from two years back. The incredible saga of the Chinese immigrant Sung family, owners of Abacus Federal Savings of Chinatown, New York. Accused of mortgage fraud by Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance, Jr., Abacus becomes the only U.S. bank to face criminal charges in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis. The indictment and subsequent trial forces the Sung family to defend themselves - and their bank's legacy in the Chinatown community - over the course of a five-year legal battle. After seducing a philandering con man, a rebellious young woman enlists his help in carrying out a heinous crime against her sister. Jwanita is a woman with mental illness, due to being physically and mentally abused by her adoptive parents who are also black magic users. After killing her adoptive parents, Jwanita finds her ray of hope when she meets doctor Farhan. But her hopes are crushed when she finds out that Farhan is the fiance of her biological sister, Julaika. After disappearing during Farhan and Julaika`s wedding ceremony, Jwanita returns with a long-hidden grudge. PARIS WINDOW is the tense, funny, surreal second film from acclaimed filmmaker Amanda Kramer (LADYWORLD).  Siblings Sunny and Julian live a hermetically sealed existence, one defined by codes and games that only they understand. This strange bliss is upturned by the arrival of David, Sunny's new boyfriend who bares an uncanny resemblance to Julian.  A threatening connection between David and a television self-help hypnotist summons suspicion in Julian, and fears of conspiracy.  Paris Window is a narrative experiment, a film that generates its own logic and cinematic grammar. An upside down Bunuel universe with touch of noir, and a pinch of Chaplin.  Featuring a sizzling atmospheric score from composer Ben Babbitt.  Starring Noel David Taylor (vimeo.com/noeldavidtaylor), Sophie Kargman and Gina Piersanti The sudden implementation of demonetisation rattles the country, and a few black money hoarders in Kerala are trying their best to save their void currencies by hook or crook. Kasaragod-based financier Nithyananda Shenoy also gets embroiled in it, and drawn into the scene are also a few underprivileged folk in Kochi. Dramatic situations surrounding the hotchpotch ensue, as each one tries to set their lives straight. A story about a life of a young musician in the USSR. On a business trip to India, an NRI fantasises about getting into a relationship with the young wife of his middle-aged driver. Ten girls get a mysterious invitation to stay in a dream boarding school. The secluded school was built by Gus Budiman to provide a second chance for those who have a dark past.  Sissy, a model, came with her friend, Inong, who keeps their own problems. Butet has drugs problem. Sri comes with a prostitution scandal. While Rini who is looked innocent, gets pregnant out of wedlock. There are also other names with their own problems. Including Eni, a young policewoman, intelligent and ambitious, who is investigating the murder case at the Crystal Hotel and gets clues that the suspects are in the dream school. A young boy is bored spending time with his dull grandma until he discovers she's an international Jewel thief. Following the death of his employer and mentor, Bumpy Johnson, Frank Lucas establishes himself as the number one importer of heroin in the Harlem district of Manhattan. He does so by buying heroin directly from the source in South East Asia and he comes up with a unique way of importing the drugs into the United States. Partly based on a true story. A spiritual search for answers leads the filmmaker to a California workshop run by a guru who promotes sexual adventure -- and the existence of aliens. The Universal Soldiers are used to smuggle diamonds for a CIA Director, but Luc Deveroux continues to cause him problems. When the beautiful Leonor arrives at the architecture studio Borla y Asociados looking for Nelson Jara, both Mario Borla and his partner Marta Hovart and Pablo Simo, the building's oldest architect, claim to ignore that name completely. But they all lie. The truth begins to unravel through the memories of Pablo Simo. Pablo should carry out the unpleasant job of dealing with Nelson Jara, an indignant owner of the building adjoining a work of the studio, damaged by a crack in the wall of his living room caused by an error in the construction. But the fear and nervousness that provokes in the three involved the arrival of Leonor and her question "what happened to Nelson Jara?" Show something much darker and more suspicious. (FILMAFFINITY) Two magician siblings prepare an unexpected magic stunt in hopes of freeing their dad. Jacob Cleek is a quiet well presented artist, who keeps himself to himself. But Jacob has a secret, and when it starts to break to the surface, he must do what he can to stop his world from crumbling. Hao (Wang Xianghong) came to town and rented an old house. After Meng Hao Wu met with a old woman and used a vintage camera to take pictures, old house began to appear a series of bizarre events. A red ghost appeared to startle his girlfriend Ran Meng Hao Jie (Tong Xin), slowly Ran Jie feel the ghost otherwise strange events began an investigation and, in the investigation of the truth of strange events began to emerge. Ali, a faithless, rebellious and nervous young man, is removed from his work because of this irritability. Ali drinks alcohol at the bar. He hits a small girl by car when he goes home. He get away from there quickly. But there is something that Ali has forgotten. Though no one can see him, Hollow Face lurks in the corners, desperately desiring love but only knowing how to spread fear and hate. He creeps into the life of John Farrow after Farrow's beloved 13-year-old daughter Mia is assaulted in their home. The line between the real and the imaginary blurs as fissures start to open within the family unit. It seems that no security measure can keep Hollow Face out. Jennifer quickly grabs a black suitcase off the airport luggage carousel. She later discovers she's grabbed the wrong bag. Soon a man calls claiming he will harm her daughter if she doesn't follow his instructions and return his baggage. A dutiful grand-daughter goes home to take care of her elderly grandmother. Once there, she finds herself trapped inside the house with a homicidal maniac. Creatures, bound by the blood of the wolf, that can kill with curses and move at lightening speed, watching the night sky for the rise of the blood-red crescent moon. They are SKINWALKERS. They feed on our flesh and thirst for the taste of human blood. The red moon signals each pack, divided by principles, hell bent to survive an ancient prophecy. The story of the Scotts, a young couple whose first child is born dangerously early, weighing less than a pound and a half. As they endure the anguish and struggle to help keep their baby alive, they discover what real love, courage and triumph are in the face of tragedy. On a calm night in an average city a hardworking URYDE driver, Brandon, picks up just another fare, Judd. Using interactions that blur the lines between the technological world and the physical one, Judd explains a messy breakup. Brandon offers an empathetic ear and a sympathetic heart to his new friend to help him pick up the pieces. Aggregated profiles, algorithms, links, likes and comments bring people closer. But how close is too close? Four youngsters meet on a bayou after years and sordid things start to emerge. Sixteen year-old Bobby is emotionally damaged by his mother's early death. He accidentally causes a nun's death, unleashing a chain of supernatural events that lead him into the pits of Hell. A man plagued by nightmares discovers his past life as a great warrior is driving his present and future. An independent 12 year old girl named Three is home alone late one night when her house is invaded by several masked intruders. While trying to escape from them she learns of a far more dangerous threat waiting outside. After a mobster agrees to cooperate with an FBI investigation in order to stay out of prison, he's relocated by the authorities to a life of suburban anonymity as part of a witness protection program. It's not long before a couple of his new neighbours figure out his true identity and come knocking to see if he'd be up for one more hit--suburban style. The story revolves around Ah Ying, a young girl who was kidnapped and declared missing for over a decade. She suddenly returns to her family after 12 years, and older sister Ning Jing soon discovers that something is wrong with Ah Ying. It turns out Ah Ying has been carrying out crimes on the orders of her abductor, and Ning Jing employs the help of friendly police officer to unravel her younger sister's conspiracy. An overworked and underappreciated housewife finds herself recruited by an international security force for the purposes of rescuing a group of recently kidnapped world-famous rock stars from a crazy supervillain. A guy gets more than he bargained for after entering into an affair with the wife of an investment banker. Soon, a suspicious death and substantial life insurance policy embroil him in a scandal. A mysterious bomb blast in a business tycoon's factory prompts the state CM to hire an NIA officer. He meets an ex-army man seeking revenge for his dead daughter and a journalist demanding justice for her slain boyfriend. Nothing is what it seems. The film raises contemporary ecological issue with lot of thrill. A drifter passing through a small town is drugged by three masked psychopaths and forced into a bizarre game of cat and mouse. He is chased through a series of more and more bizarre events until, in the end, he finds that this evening of terror has lasting consequences. It's a feel bad film, nasty and brutish, red in tooth and claw. When Alex, an infiltration expert with a secret past, accidentally reveals her identity during what should have been a routine heist, she quickly finds herself mixed up in a government conspiracy and entangled in a deadly game of cat-and-mouse with a master assassin and his team of killers.  Armed with her own set of lethal skills, Alex looks to exact revenge for her murdered friends while uncovering the truth. 30 years after murdering his mother the man known as The Kandy Kane Killer is on the loose again stalking the streets Of Sea Side preying on the innocent. Always one step ahead Of the police he plays a game of cat and mouse, leaving behind 1 single clue, a candy cane in this victims mouths, in this gritty psychological thriller. In the turn-of-the century Texas town of Cottownwood Springs, marshal Frank Patch is an old-style lawman in a town determined to become modern. When he kills drunken Luke Mills in self-defense, the town leaders decide it's time for a change. That ask for Patch's resignation, but he refuses on the basis that the town on hiring him had promised him the job for as long as he wanted it. Afraid for the town's future and even more afraid of the fact that Marshal Patch knows all the town's dark secrets, the city fathers decide that old-style violence is the only way to rid themselves of the unwanted lawman. After the death of his wife and child, an author travels to Barcelona to see his estranged brother and dying father, where he learns that his life is plagued by events that occur on 11/11/11. New horror anthology that explore the morbid side of the deep and dark web. A teenage boy, Diego, connects with his teenage ex girlfriend, Karina, and they rekindle their sex life, but their past has another face that eludes them. Both will be forced to face it. Andy Spader has been happily married for 13 years, with two teenage children, when he meets a younger woman, Claire Holmes, after going to investigate a break-in at her travel agency shop. Having told his wife that he is leaving her, he learns that Claire has just discovered that she has an inoperable brain tumour and has only a few months to live. The marriage of Marc and Elena is not working. The loss of a child for the couple has a hugely negative impact on the couple. Marc, however, wants to save what is left and suggests his wife goes to a psychiatrist to help guide them. Then everything changes. A few individuals in the medical profession are murdered or kidnapped, and the cop investigating the case suspects a doctor and arrests him. But is he the one who is behind these crimes? And why are they being committed? A delivery man has to flee for his life when he is framed for the assassination of a political candidate and the evidence against him begins to accumulate. CAPTIVE AUDIENCE, the most depraved of this trilogy, shows the horror of compliance. A psychological drama about the consequences of a 15 year old girl's gang rape. Three men meet on a night train on the border of Finland and Sweden. All three are concealing something, and a sudden confrontation amongst them leads to disastrous consequences, with two of them being forced to make a joint decision.  The existence of the anti-Iraq coalition was threatened when Saddam targetted Israel. In order to keep Israel out of the war, and the coalition together the Scuds had to be stopped. SAS patrol Bravo Two Zero, under the command of Sgt. Andy McNab was tasked to destroy these weapons. Three of the SAS troopers were killed and four captured: Only one escaped - Cpl. Chris Ryan. Lucas, a diamond trader who travels to Saint Petersburg to arrange a sale, discovers that his Russian business partner has left his hotel and gone to a small Siberian village, so Lucas also heads there to try find him. The blood-soaked tale of a Norse warrior's battle against the great and murderous troll, Grendel. Heads will roll. Out of allegiance to the King Hrothgar, the much respected Lord of the Danes, Beowulf leads a troop of warriors across the sea to rid a village of the marauding monster. An outlaw band flees a posse and rides into Refuge, a small town where no one carries a gun, drinks, or swears. The town is actually Purgatory, and the peaceful inhabitants are all famous dead outlaws and criminals such as Doc Holiday and Wild Bill Hickok who must redeem themselves before gaining admittance to Heaven...or screw up and go to Hell. Hitch, the most popular Rideshare app, has created safe rides for millions. At least, that's what they want you to think. It was only a matter of time before the story went public. The story of that one night. That one, horrific night. On a remote Irish farm, five people become unwilling participants in an experiment that goes nightmarishly wrong. With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent. A tale of lovers who brave the darkness of the forest, and fight to keep their love alive. A black comedy about a man struggling to make a living by helping people kill themselves. When her little sister claims she sees the dead, Alia consults a psychic, who opens her own eyes to the vengeful ghosts haunting their childhood home. Observes the creative process and thinking of Alfredo Jaar, of the the most relevant artists in contemporary art. His work deals from the migration in the frontier of Mexico and the US, to the genocide in Rwanda and the chilean coup d'etat in 1973. He sees art as the "last place" of freedom in modern society and from that idea he unfolds his work as an act of resistance. A group of animals waiting for the annual flood they rely on for food and water discover that the humans, who have been destroying their habitats have built a dam for a leisure resort. The animals endeavour to save the delta and send a message to the humans not to interfere with nature. This courtroom drama tries to decode the life and criminal activities of India's most wanted fugitive - Dawood Ibrahim's late sister Haseena Parkar, who allegedly headed her brother's crime syndicate in Mumbai and ran proxy business for him. Power struggles ensue in a gang after the sudden death of their leader. In this twisted love story, a man seeks out an unsuspecting stranger to help him purge the dark torments of his past. His plan goes awry when he encounters a woman with plans of her own. Two brilliant research scientists have invented a device capable of recording and playing back sensory experiences only to have devastating results when one of them records their own death. Turkey Day, football game, symphony, hair salons and other locations in Okmulgee, OK; Muskogee, OK; near Little Rock, AR; St Louis, MO; and England, AK. A rich businessman hires a team of vietnam vets to get his son out of Vietnam, but this group of mercenaries don't plan to go in Vietnam, they just want the money. They make a mistake by killing policeman "Brad Spyder"'s partner, and now he only wants REVENGE! Cetarti is drowning in nothingness. With no job or purpose, he spends his days inside watching documentaries on television, until one day he is informed that his mother and brother were gunned down. He travels from Buenos Aires to Lapachito, a decrepit town in the province of Chaco in northern Argentina to deal with their bodies and to get the life insurance money. There he meets Duarte, a sort of boss in the town and a friend of his mother's murderer who also kidnaps people for money. Cetarti's path will lead him to committing illegal acts to get his hands on the insurance money and to his involvement in Duarte's dark dealings, leading to an absurd and unexpected outcome. Emma le Roux just wants to go home for the holidays. Gentle, beautiful, pacifist Emma. She's made the trip to her father's farm a thousand times. Piece of cake. But not today. Today she will cross paths with members of a violent drug syndicate. Everything starts falling apart, and fast. At first they were driven by hate and revenge. Suddenly, it's survival. Seven people leave London for a therapeutic weekend in the Cotswolds where they are told it will 'change their life'. It does, but not in the way they imagine. When a woman goes on trial for killing her best friend and boyfriend in the heat of passion, the best criminal defender in town takes her case. When he loses, she goes on the lam to find out who set her up -- only to discover that her lawyer is the killer! On her own and way out of her league, she works against the clock to get hard evidence against him -- all the while trying to stay a step ahead in order to survive and prove her innocence!  Ethan is a young, shy and rather reserved designer who has suffered from insomnia for many years due to his terrible nightmares. Believing he has a personality disorder he decides to see a therapist to solve his problem, but it will be thanks to the help of his best friend and a medium that he will face a long journey, a journey that will lead him to discover that his nightmares hide a shocking truth, something darker and more sinister than he ever imagined. Driss and Manuel both grew up on the same council estate. An estate where the sense of belonging to your patch is much stronger than the sense of belonging to a country, a nation or a culture... Manuel has assimilated this belonging, and he has even benefited from it and built his life on it. Driss, meanwhile, has shunned it. They will both have to face up to the consequences of their decisions - because they will each have a price to pay... A reference to Pirandello, this linear fragment is from the director's interactive work Pseudo. A police task force traps an online predator, only to discover that the depth of his crimes goes far beyond anything they had anticipated. To protect his fortune, billionaire Zhixiong Lin gives his daughter Lindan a crystal necklace with a hidden USB drive with all of his overseas banking info. After a criminal syndicate manufactures a car crash that kills Lindan and sees the USB go missing, the investigation is further complicated by the emergence of a woman identical to Lindan. The blood-soaked tale of a Norse warrior's battle against the great and murderous troll, Grendel. Heads will roll. Out of allegiance to the King Hrothgar, the much respected Lord of the Danes, Beowulf leads a troop of warriors across the sea to rid a village of the marauding monster. A compulsive gambler learns about a horse race that is going to be fixed, and tries to capitalise on it. Meanwhile, his friend gets into trouble over a bag containing Rs 50 lakh cash. Jacob, a bank manager haunted by a violent heist that took the life of a coworker, teams up with his ex-cop neighbor, James, to bring down the assailant. While the two men work together to figure out the thief's next move, Gabriel, the highly-trained criminal, is one step ahead. When Gabriel kidnaps Jacob's wife and daughter, Jacob barrels down a path of bloodshed that initiates an explosive counterattack and brings all three men to the breaking point. The story of a Jewish novelist, Harry Lesser, struggling to complete his latest work, and his antagonistic relationship with a black writer who moves in down the hall. Julie McConnell is one of a dozen camp counselors working to re-open a summer camp when a series of murders and disappearances begin commited by a hockey masked killer who may be the urban legend killer Trevor Moorehouse. When Julie looks into the murders by herself, she finds that she may be the killer's next target when she gets too close to some dark secrets of the camp which may lead to the killer's identity. Mia, an ex-prostitute, is trapped in a loveless marriage with the abusive Quan (Sunny Pang, who also stars in Headshot in this year's Festival lineup), a butcher who runs a roast meat shop. When she meets sensitive funeral director Wu, their passion for one another escalates into an affair. But the path to true love is fraught with jealousy, forcing someone to make a deadly move. In a lake high in the mountains of New Zealand hunter Gibbie Gibson discovers a plane wreck from WW2. When he tells it around, a gang of crooks follows and threatens him and his daughter, because they know there are 50 million dollars in the wreck. Helicopter pilot Barney helps Gibbie against them, risking his life thereby. Pierre Brumeu, a twenty-year-old young man, leads a drab life in Paris with his father, a man he does not understand very well, and his friends Michel and Sophie. Father and son live in the memory of Pierre's mother, who died too early. One day, Pierre decides to go to Tunisia, the sunny country where he was born... The controversies of human relationships are triggered in this story from the relationship maintained by Maria, an immature girl who permanently seeks to feel part of something and find the direction of his life, and Clara, her roommate a few years older than her . Clara, within her convictions, will try to be part of that path, guiding her to the point of falling into a sickly obsession. Three teenage thieves infiltrate a mansion dinner party, unaware that it is secretly being hosted by a serial killer cult for the social elite. A young man hatches a diabolical plan to cover-up his Grandma's death. While on holiday a woman suspects that an islander is a killer and becomes convinced she is his next target. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. The horror/suspense thriller feature film GEHENNA opens with an intense scene where a large man is running through the dark woods while screaming. As he approaches an abandon old garage out of the fog and darkness an unseen image(Antagonist) ascends from beneath the fog. Within a minute he over powers the large man who desperately try's to escape from being pulled into the darkness. Three days later a group of hikers accidentally stumble upon badly mangled body parts and quickly report it to the police. Over the next few weeks several murders are discovered. The killings appear to be committed using some sharp object and still no one including the police has a clue how or why they are occurring. Seasoned police detective Roger Cook(Protagonist) is a burnt-out burly looking investigator who is earnestly looking forward to retiring in 10 days. A 22-year-old factory worker lets loose on the weekends: drinking, brawling, and dating two women, one of whom is older and married. Rie is a PR-coordinator visiting a tunnel boring machine to portray the well-oiled European cooperation in the Metro construction when an accident suddenly occurs. Unable to escape, she takes refuge in an airlock with Croatian miner Ivo and Bharan, a worker from Eritrea. Paulo (Ricardo Duque), a film editor, arrives at home and find his wife murdered. While the police investigates the crime, Paulo begin his own quest to find the criminal. Three siblings Danny, Art and Grace are now well settled with their respective families, in widely contrasting lifestyles. The one common thing that binds them loosely together is the love that their mother Dolores "Loleng" Rosales holds for all of them and her grandchildren, albeit expressed in varying ways and degrees, but always equally nurturing and self-giving. Much as they are held together by her, they are in turn separated by physical distance and the sad legacy left behind by their deceased, erstwhile strong-willed, patriarchal father. A businessman--whose family is away on his birthday--invites two young women into his house who got lost on their way to a party. The next morning, after the woman have outstayed his hospitality and patience, he decides to drop them off at a bus stop and returns back home. 2016 Telugu Movie For the Olympique de Paris soccer team, this away match scheduled against Caplongue was merely supposed to be one last chore before the end of the professional season. Yet no one could ever have imagined that an unknown rabies-like infection was going to spread like wildfire, turning this small town's inhabitants into ultra-violent and highly contagious creatures. The passengers on the Night Bus have many different stories -- some are lovers, some have dark secrets, some are looking for a fight, others are just trying to get through the night.  Three film students from California travel to Utah to seek out the phenomenal forest creature known as Bigfoot. When terrorists plant a bomb on a commercial flight, the passengers aboard the plane must fight to keep the plane in the air and all the passengers alive: the bomb is rigged to detonate whenever the plane dips below 800 feet. Adam Joan Pothan from the village Mundakkayam. One day, he unexpectedly meets a girl named Emy and they go to Scotland together. The new people he meets on his journey changes his life. Sathya Harishchandra, a young and whacky person, falls in love. The movie follows the love story of the young lad and answers if the prankster ever becomes serious about romance in his life. "Your Filthy Blood Runs Through Me"  In-seon is about to leave to Spain as a foreign exchange student when she hears shocking news from her terminally-ill mother. Her father she thought dead, was alive and she was born when he raped her mother. While she had inner conflicts about her existence, she decides to find him and kill him. She disguises herself as his previous wife's relative and starts living with him and In-seon's actions of revenge gradually collapses...  The modern movement in skiing is progressing more than ever, and it is hard to keep up with the stream. Field Productions has gathered skiers with all different backgrounds, but they all share the same vision about skiing. Yes, skiing is about taking risks to invent new tricks and styles, but most importantly to have fun. "Eyes Wide Open dvd" gives you both. The movie includes top notch skiing in deep powder, big mountains, city streets and terrain parks featuring many of the most talented athletes out there. Look out for many unseen rail combos by Tom Wallisch and Even Sigstad, bottomless powder at Mica Heli with Asmund Thorsen and Eric Hjorleifson, epic park heli shoots on the most beatiful places in Norway, JT Holmes and Eirk Finseth charging Lake Tahoe, Norwegian invasion in Montafon Austria, Jon Olsson shows why he is the best park kickers, and much more. Some parts of the movie is filmed with the RED One camera, which gives ski movies a whole new meaning. Danielle makes a deadly discovery when she inherits a house from her grandmother. Something mysterious from the past is lurking deep within the shadows. A case involving the disappearance of a pregnant woman turns into a personal one for the cop who is tasked with investigating it.  A mysterious youngster kidnaps a girl a few minutes before her wedding and takes her to a secluded place in search of answers for his questions. When the chairman of a multi-specialty hospital dies mysteriously, a cop begins an investigation which leads him to find more bodies. Depressive artist Charlie Ali, 24, contemplates her mother's death after ten years. As an Arab-German American, we see what life is like through the eyes of Charlie living in a post 9/11 NYC. She meets choreographer/dancer Lucia "Lux" Bernal during her latest exhibition's opening night in LA... Lux just so happens to be the girl of Charlie's dreams! A soap opera actress finds herself increasingly pressured by her husband, a rich foreigner entirely devoted to a charismatic cult leader. Kanchanjungha Express is the story of Nandini's life. Inspector Surya Sekhar Gupta meets Ranjana in the train Kanchanjungha Express. Ranjana shares the story of her friend Nandini whose two husbands Bhaskar Majumdar and Raj Burman and live-in partner Vikram Sinha died under suspicious circumstances. Young female models are being strangled inexplicably. Will law enforcement be able to stop the crime wave before more women become victims? All paths inevitably end, whether we want them to or not. This is a tale about one particular path, followed by two particular people, but this is not a tale about romance, this is simply a film about beginnings and endings. Daniel and Eve are a young couple in crisis. The film follows their relationship in reverse from the end to the beginning, starting with a break up. Daniel - a level-headed, well-meaning slacker caught between his desire to make something of himself,and his student inclinations to have fun. Upon meeting Eve at a party, Daniel finds her attractive precisely because she possesses the traits he does not. As their various differences bring them together, they are forced to acknowledge their faults, many of which are reflected in the other. A drama/thriller about rock music, obsession, shampoo and death. Aging rock musician David Tangiers hasn't given up on the idea of recording a comeback album, even though he now works as a hairstylist in the salon he owns with his wife Cecily. After a mysterious new talent named Javy Bates makes his way into David's life, Cecily tries to recruit him to help David with his music, only to find that Javy has an agenda of his own.. When an overachieving college senior makes a wrong turn, her road trip becomes a life-changing fight for survival in rural Kentucky. The ghost of a serial killer, executed for murdering students at a Catholic girls' school, returns to the school to take revenge on the current student body. Martin is a young Argentinean piano virtuoso and composer. For four years, he has been a patient of El Borda psychiatric hospital. Music filled up his life. Now he is trying to return to life outside the asylum walls, while working on his new opus, "Enfermaria". Marriages are made in heaven! Though the road to heaven might be a little "tedha'. Meet 'Manu', a seedha saadha Doctor from London. Intelligent, temperate and from a respectable family, The perfect groom which every parent wants for their daughter. 'Family pressure' leads him to Kanpur to meet Tanu the quintessential small town girl who has studied in Delhi. Tanu is a smart, intelligent girl who will do everything that her parents will disapprove. With a mind of her own and a love for rebellion, Tanu is dead against an arranged marriage. But destiny holds something totally different for these dramatically diverse personalities. Their paths keep crossing time and again and weaves this wonderful story through the Indian heartland. If all husbands have had similar experiences, it is too bad to harrow them up with the telling of this story. If they have not, perhaps it will be a warning to them to watch very carefully the birthdays and see that some appropriate gift is at home in time for the event. Not wait, as poor Jones did, until the fateful day arrives, and then have a series of unfortunate accidents overtake one and prevent him presenting the present he intended. Handsome Stranger has agreed to escort Charming Jones to collect her inheritance from her father. But Avery Jones wants the money, and hires notorious outlaw Cactus Jack to ambush Charming. However, Cactus Jack is not very good at robbing people. The film starts with a flashback. ACP Bose (Jagapati Babu) is a sincere police officer happily married and lives with his parents and younger brother Chandu (Gopichand). Chandu is a college student and he falls in love with his classmate Indu (Anushka). Enter Section Shankar (Yashpal Sharma), the villain who is notorious for settlements and land deals. He kills anyone who comes in his way and does not leave any evidence or witness behind. He takes a loan of 100 crores from a private bank with the help of a conniving DGP and a politician. He kills the bank's chairman in order to avoid repayment and puts the blame on Bose. Bose tries to stop Section Shankar. Chandu also gets into disputes with Section Shankar. Indu's husband, a government employee, believes in using the state of Emergency to advance his career, but a moral and ideological discrepancy sets her on a own path. Awoken by screams in the night, young Evelyn Whipley is found drenched in blood and mysteriously bound to the bed - A Gothic Horror set in the 1940s, a psychosexual thriller disguised as traditional Ghost Story. The film tells the tale of a widowed film director who is in the middle of making a film about an atypical diplomat inspired by his brother. While he has started a new life with Sylvia, he still mourns the death of a former lover, Carlotta, who passed away 20 years earlier; then Carlotta returns from the dead, causing Sylvia to run away. Stella Armstrong hires Blake, a seemingly perfect nanny, to help with her twin baby boys, only to discover that the young woman is the daughter she gave up for adoption at birth - an act Blake wants to avenge by destroying Stella's life and family. Jessica investigates the death of her girlfriend because she thinks it wasn't natural. Juan is trying to know if a robbery in a rural house is a fraud. Everything gets complicated and Juan's life will be in danger. While he is trying to survive, he will meet Jessica and they will try to find the truth together. UN agents Mike Graham and Sabrina Carver are sent by their director Nick Caldwell to investigate the theft of Rembrandt's painting, "The Night Watch". The trail takes them from Amsterdam to Hong Kong and involves them in not only art theft and forgery, but the high-tech schemes of Martin Schraeder and his Korean cohort Mao Yixin Alpha Delta Zatan is set entirely within the claustrophobic confines of a frat house, the film follows the increased paranoia between members of a fraternity as they start to disappear at the hands of a masked killer. Jenny Stewart is a tough Broadway musical star who doesn't take criticism from anyone. Yet there is one individual, Tye Graham, a blind pianist who may be able to break through her tough exterior. A film maker travels to explore an abandoned secluded youth home "Pohjola Manor" located in Northern Finland surrounded by ghost stories. A detective tracking down anti-nuclear terrorists gets involved with prostitutes and rogue government agents. When his family is torn apart, Arjun sets out to on a journey to solve the mystery and seek revenge. The Nomad is a historical epic set in 18th-century Kazakhstan. The film is a fictionalised account of the youth and coming-of-age of Ablai Khan, as he grows and fights to defend the fortress at Hazrat-e Turkestan from Dzungar invaders. The crime of Facundo provokes in Gustavo and Cristina, his parents, an irreparable vacuum. The tragedy demonstrates everything that could not be in the link between Gustavo and son and disarms appearances with his wife; Cristina Gustavo undertakes a desperate attempt to understand his guilt: a tortuous guilt that provokes a deep sense of revenge. You need to find the person responsible for that crime. A white corporate executive is surprised to discover that he has a black teen-age son who can't wait to be adopted into the, almost-exclusively-white community of, San Marino, California. All-stars from the previous Step Up installments come together in glittering Las Vegas, battling for a victory that could define their dreams and their careers. Khel Toh Ab Shuru Hoga is a 2016 Bollywood action film directed by Kunal Singh and produced by Mahesh Narula. The film's story is about a bank robbery in which actor Ruslaan Mumtaz plays the role of a bank security guard, who ultimately robs the bank. King Randolph sends for his cousin Duchess Rowena to help turn his daughters, Princess Genevieve and her 11 sisters, into better ladies. But the Duchess takes away all the sisters fun, including the sisters favorite pastime: dancing.Thinking all hope is lost they find a secret passageway to a magical land were they can dance the night away. A man returns home to Atlanta to help and turn around his family's struggling restaurant with the help of a new chicken recipe. An intelligence agent from Bangladesh is tasked with a secret operation in West Bengal, India. Ojukokoro tells the story of what happens when a broke manager in a money laundering petrol station, decides to rob the petrol station that employs him but along this journey finds out that there are different kinds of criminals that are also interested in the same cash. Doctor Lepage knows his wife Francoise through and through. He protects her, watching over her. In a masterly way he chases all 'butterflies' away that come in her neighborhood. Francoise knows that she is nice.  A man is murdered, but the person responsible avoids being discovered and arrested. A few years later a police inspector suspects he has found evidence in a newly-published book entitled "Amok". In Nightscape, an emotionally guarded drifter, Kat (Galesh), crosses paths with a phantom car responsible for a wave of supernatural violence. The drifter must learn to trust again if she is to end a lifetime of bad luck and help her new found companions survive the growing chaos and carnage. Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss, Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past--as well as a dogged police detective who's been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy's estranged son becomes a target, Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now, with nowhere safe to turn, Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right. A girl's obsession with her brother's disappearance leads her on a nightmarish journey through a small town's Gothic landscape where she is faced with a deadly proposition. How far will she go to save the people she loves? One by One is a brutal revenge-western on motorbikes. A woman called Sentenza is out for revenge on three biker bandits who assaulted her and killed her husband. It contains one of the most vicious scenes in cinema. Unemployed and unemployable, Tony is a sympathetic recluse with severe social problems, an addiction to VHS action films and a horrible moustache. Occasionally he snaps and murder is the result... The International Space Station is now a prison - the ultimate black site. No one's getting out. And no one knows it's there. But when the imprisoned terrorists take over the Station and turn it into a missile aimed at Moscow, only a shuttle pilot and a rookie doctor can stop them. Their task is complicated by a rogue CIA agent (Scott Adkins) who has his own plans for the station and the terrorists within.  The remarkable true story of Darius McCollum, a man with Asperger's syndrome whose overwhelming love of transit has landed him in jail 32 times for the criminal impersonation of NYC subway drivers, conductors, token booth clerks, and track repairmen. The story of Street Lights is based on the life of a Crime Branch police officer, James, who in his pursuit to solve a certain mystery, crosses path with several people and encounters various thrilling events. Will James succeed or fail in his mission and how will he react to the outcome, forms the crux. A group of military elite from the U.S., Russia, UK, China and France join forces to fight an elite underground terrorist network.  A political thriller directed by Jono Smith. After his wife leaves him, middle-aged Ben Bingham slips into a funk and refuses to change out of his pajamas. Justin, Ben's 17-year-old son, has the cure for what ails his depressed dad: he gives Ben a makeover and pushes him out into the singles scene. Soon Ben is the most popular guy in town, but when Justin falls in love for the first time, Ben must refocus his priorities and set about trying to win back his wife.  An environmental analyst is asked by the police to determine if two deaths by hydrogen sulfide poisoning are an accident - or a murder. But when he meets a young woman at both sites, a scientific mystery begins. Taking his kids to school with the car, Berlin real estate developer Karl gets a call from a blackmailer: If he doesn't pay up, the car will blow up. A deadly race against time begins. A pregnant woman forced to bedrest, gets the additional help she needs from two home care nurses. Unbeknownst to her, one of them has a vendetta against her husband and is out to steal their baby! Christie Burson, Cynthia Evans, Jonny Pacar, Vanessa Reseland star. A plethora of single people connected through a dating app meet their judgement day based on their serendipitous sins.  A group of criminals stumble upon a lodge after a bank heist. As they hold the owners hostage and plan their next move they encounter an evil in the woods that is hungry and will stop at nothing to feed on their flesh. A group of people try to survive an attack of bloodthirsty zombies while trapped in a rural Pennsylvania farmhouse. After inadvertently unleashing an ancient curse, a documentary crew of American exchange students is haunted by angry spirits in Japan's infamous Suicide Forest. After a quiet murder seen by only three people, two avengers bring to life the idea of a ghost in attempt for justice. Chitrangada Telugu 2017 Movie Two first-time filmmakers stop their lives to find out why rhinos are being killed for their horns. Carving out six months for the project, the women quickly find themselves immersed in a world far larger and more dangerous than they had imagined, only emerging from their odyssey four years later. A Giallo-inspired Thriller about an Upstate New York local and her plot to murder tourists from New York City. Vasham explores the concept of science and ancient mystic knowledge, and dual nature of man - good and bad, through the lives of two people, Arvind and Dr. Vibuthi Nag. A woman recounts her story of being confined to live as the mistress of an an influential gangster. Tracey Berkowitz, 15, a self-described normal girl, loses her 9-year old brother, Sonny. In flashbacks and fragments, we meet her overbearing parents and the sweet, clueless Sonny. We watch Tracey navigate high school, friendless, picked on and teased. She develops a thing for Billy Zero, a new student, imagining he's her boyfriend. We see the day she loses Sonny and we watch her try to find him.  Two contract killer from Uttar Pradesh, Babu Bihari and Banke Bihari who are often paid to bump off the same game, cross each other's path and end up fighting with each other. A budding journalist passionate about ethical, noble, hard-hitting journalism understands the more flourishing ghetto of sensationalism &amp; news fabrication that the Entertainment TV Channel he belongs to, thrives on. When caught in a dilemma of whether to hold for a while or rise in protest, a situation forces him to make a decision that puts him out of work but... there begins his work. When two poor greasers, Johnny, and Ponyboy are assaulted by a vicious gang, the socs, and Johnny kills one of the attackers, tension begins to mount between the two rival gangs, setting off a turbulent chain of events. The journey of Manolo, a young man who is torn between fulfilling the expectations of his family and following his heart. Before choosing which path to follow, he embarks on an incredible adventure that spans three fantastical worlds where he must face his greatest fears. A small town is one day visited by a priest who is there on a secret mission. He is a member of the Inquisition sent to investigate the activities of a local miller. The miller and his son are the descendants of an old family whose ancestral home burned down a century ago, but was rebuilt from scratch. The miller inherited much of his knowledge about the land, water, and a building's stability from generations of family experience. His reputation for finding water and predicting when a structure might collapse have come to the attention of the Inquisition -surely he must be in league with the Devil. A service which creates holographic projections of late family members allows an elderly woman to spend time with a younger version of her deceased husband. In the teeming, multicultural metropolis of modern-day London, a seemingly straightforward missing-person case launches a down-at-heel private eye into a dangerous world of religious fanaticism and political intrigue. Breezy isn't your ordinary hitch-hiker: she's sexy, fun... and a cold-blooded killer. As deadly as a viper, Breezy murders her victims with a poisonous ring. As she preys on highway pickups, Breezy moves from town to town, finally settling briefly as a boarder in the house of a young couple who have no idea what kind of sexual wolf they've just let in the door. When serial killer Havoc escapes from his prison, there is no holding back. He descends upon unsuspecting lovers in their cabin get away. The world's most brutal killer is loose and his thirst for blood cannot be stopped. Accused of murdering her husband, IAS officer Chanchala, is taken to a haunted house called Bhaaghamathie Bungalow, where police and CBI officials interrogate her to dig up dirt on a politician she had worked under. As she's left alone in the haunted house, spirits take control of her and IAS Chanchala transforms into an unrecognisable person. How this impacts her and everyone around her forms the crux of the story. 1921 England is overwhelmed by the loss and grief of World War I. Hoax exposer Florence Cathcart (Hall) visits a boarding school to explain sightings of a child ghost. A suspenseful story about violence towards women in Nepal Aritz and Sonia are a happily united couple living a Saturday like any other, although their placid weekend will be interrupted by an unexpected visit...a bathrobe seller. But...is he really a bathrobe seller? A thriller full of humor that will not leave you indifferent. A masochistic cop, who hides her predilection from her cop husband, gets involved in pursuing a kidnapper nicknamed Harry for Harry Houdini Dhairyam movie is about Ajay (Ajay Rao) a state level rank student who comes from a lower middle-class background is always in a financial crunch. Jen's romantic getaway with her wealthy (married) boyfriend is disrupted when his friends arrive for an impromptu hunting trip. Tension mounts at the house until the situation culminates in an unexpected way. Paramedic Miranda faces an emergency of her own when her 8-year-old daughter Angie is kidnapped by Miranda's estranged father Luke. A movie star is being stalked by a one-night stand. A young person gets hired to kill someone completely unknown, by someone equally unknown. Or is that true? Nothing is what it seems. A happy-go-lucky Anand unexpectedly meets a young girl and lands himself in a murder case. With no connection to the murder, Anand is unnecessarily linked to the case, following which he attempts to prove his innocence and unravel the mystery behind the murder. The story of a girl who could change her life and who can also change yours to the point that you will not recognize it. With the help of a reality TV show Anna searches for her daughter who disappeared under mysterious circumstances in a forest known for many Slender Man apparitions. A cop's pistol gets stolen and even as the search for it gets underway, it ends up in the hands of someone who uses it to rob a bank. Peter King discovers that his father had audio recorded everything that happened in his childhood home. This comes as Pete and his family clean out the house before it is repossessed. With only five days left, he must reconcile with a past that has always kept him from his future and the God he learned to despise in his childhood. Written by Nick Staron A small town cop finds himself investigating the murder of a prominent citizen. As a string of brutal murders plague the city, two undercover detectives (Brent Harvey and Mia Li) race to solve the mystery and unmask the killer. Their only clues: each victim is a former cop and each has a blood-red letter painted on their body. How many will have to die before the killer spells out their message in blood? Story Kathe movie is based on the two men Veera(Thilak) and Rajeev(Pratap Narayan)and how their fates cross each other, lives intersect and inner worlds ... A female-driven, post-society drama/thriller about love, madness, and humankind's everlasting hunt for companionship. Jose Desmet, a butler, killed his employer because the latter, once a district judge, had long ago condemned Desmet's father, a well known gangster, to death. When Desmet tries to seduce Salazar's daughter, who is heir to a goldmine, kills a woman and the village doctor because they had found out that he was selling weapons to the Indians, a government investigator, Bill Walcome, together with the sheriff, sets out to put an end to Desmet's activities.  Source: SWDB www.spaghetti-western.net Meenu (Madhuri) kidnaps a girl child Daisy with heart problem, close to a thief Arun (Arjun) to get his help to retrieve his kidnapped husband Scientist Seethapathy.She promises to help him with money for Daisy's treatment at USA. Meenu instructs Arun to befriend four girls, each specialised in individual adventure techniques to overpower the lady gorilla soldiers gauarding the scientist. Sathya (Seetha), Shanthi(Rekha), Anitha(Shanti Priya), Saranya(Rita) are the four girls &amp; Arun's girlfriend Rani (Pallavi)also joins the adventure.Rest of the story is romance &amp; adventures by Arun to complete this mission &amp; save Daisy with the help of this friend &amp; jailmate Gnanaprakasam (Sendhil)&amp; Climax with a twist in tale. The child survivor of Victorville's most infamous murder case that brutally claimed the life of her mother, Alexis is now turning 21 and the sole heir to the Victorville estate. But when she receives the deed to her old family home, she also receives it's secrets. Making the house her new home yet unable to shake the feeling that evil forces within it are responsible for creepy occurrences, Alexis and her friends investigate the home's history and discover that the dangerous entity may have been responsible for her mother's death and so many more. Marcello, a small and gentle dog groomer, finds himself involved in a dangerous relationship of subjugation with Simone, a former violent boxer who terrorizes the entire neighborhood. In an effort to reaffirm his dignity, Marcello will submit to an unexpected act of vengeance. American housewife Cathy Palmer loses her memory on a trip to Paris after being hit by a car. She wakes up in the hospital believing she's the fictional international spy, Rebecca Ryan. A harmless game of "Truth or Dare" among friends turns deadly when someone--or something--begins to punish those who tell a lie--or refuse the dare. An Indian Army officer is compelled to chase down his protege when the latter turns rogue and threatens to disrupt the country's government and army. In order to save some kids who are about to die in a fire, Bibi, the daughter of a prestigious witch, manages to trigger a heavy rain with her powers. The head of all witches gives her an award called "Crystal Ball", reserved for older girls. German adventure film very much in line of Harry Potter, but in female version. When Mariam, a young Tunisian woman, is raped by police officers after leaving a party, she is propelled into a harrowing night in which she must fight for her rights even though justice lies on the side of her tormentors. a 1995 Indian Bollywood film directed by Bunty Soorma. It stars Sunny Deol, Jackie Shroff, Manisha Koirala and Deepti Naval in pivotal roles. Two childhood friends -- a New York hairstylist and a wanna-be musician -- get mixed-up with the mob and are forced to deliver $50,000 to Australia, but things go all wrong when the money is lost to a wild kangaroo. This Gujarati Movie stars Malhar Thakar as Siddharth, a 23-year young e-shopping delivery boy. During a delivery he gets trapped in a vicious circle of inescapable mystery, which unfolds into a riveting story of thriller, corruption, murder, and suspense. An investigation of the emotional and economic value of Africa's most lucrative export: filmed poverty. Deep in the interiors of the Congo, Dutch artist Renzo Martens single-handedly undertakes an epic journey and launches an emancipatory program that helps the poor become aware of what is their primary capital resource: Poverty. After three years of traveling through the Democratic Republic of the Congo he asks the question: "Who owns poverty? A teen must resort to extreme measures to protect her family from a supernatural entity. Asimava Bose, an Arthur C Clark award winning sci fi writer, disappears under mysterious circumstances. All his allies have ulterior motives of harming him. Asimavo has his own share of secrets that reveal his dark past. The only clue to this mystery is a copy of Meghnad Badh Kavya which he gets as an unamed gift on his birthday The question remains- Whodunnit? Howdunnit? and most importantly Whydunnit? Restricted to bed rest for the remainder of her pregnancy, Rachel sees things in a different light with her neighbor Sandy. Is Rachel going stir crazy with increasing paranoia or is her unborn child what Sandy truly desires? An innocent young girl embarks on a journey in search of a sacred antique pot to save the life of the only heir to the throne,  however it is a place where mortals are forbidden and her return is not guaranteed. When one of her hits goes wrong, a professional assassin ends up with a suitcase full of a million dollars belonging to a mob boss ... Kevin Carson is a young man living in the projects who has to survive a three-day weekend after his opportunistic neighbors find out he's holding a winning lottery ticket worth $370 million Paul Gallico's filmed play explores the camaraderie between a USO girl named Verna (Sissy Spacek) and an American soldier (William Hurt) stationed in Belgium during World War II. This play was produced for television and is part of the Broadway Theatre Archive. It's a wonderful trip to a bygone era with stellar performances from Hurt and Spacek. In this hilarious Indian tale of comedy and intrigue, an eclectic group of claimants turns up -- and pulls out all the stops -- to prove that they're the rightful heirs to an estate worth a fortune. But which one of them is the bona fide legatee to the property? Mukesh Rawal, Naresh Shah, Dinyar Contractor, Anjana Desai, Sachi Joshi and Suresh Jairam head the cast. In August 2015, an ISIS terrorist boarded train #9364 from Brussels to Paris. Armed with an AK-47 and enough ammo to kill more than 500 people, the terrorist might have succeeded except for three American friends who refused to give in to fear. One was a college student, one was a martial arts enthusiast and airman first class in the U.S. Air Force, and the other was a member of the Oregon National Guard, and all three pals proved fearless as they charged and ultimately overpowered the gunman after he emerged from a bathroom armed and ready to kill. The lives of several couples and singles in New York intertwine over the course of New Year's Eve. Despite the life threat hanging over his head, Stephane decides to go back to Corsica for the funeral of Christophe, a childhood friend and companion in arms, murdered the day before. On this occasion, the chain of events which made him, the learned petit-bourgeois from Bastia, shift from delinquency to political radicalization and then to clandestinity, comes back to his mind. Alejandro has to face the suicide of his brother and returns to his hometown, Valparaiso, there discovers an illegal network in which his brother participated, this revives obscure passages in his childhood. As a parting shot, fired reporter Ann Mitchell prints a fake letter from unemployed "John Doe," who threatens suicide in protest of social ills. The paper is forced to rehire Ann and hires John Willoughby to impersonate "Doe." Ann and her bosses cynically milk the story for all it's worth, until the made-up "John Doe" philosophy starts a whole political movement. Kuki Fumihiro is a son from a wealthy zaibatsu (conglomerate) family. His father raises him to become pure evil. Kuki kills his father to protect his adopted sister Kaori.  Afterward, Kuki disappears. He undergoes plastic surgery and takes the identity of Koichi Shintani. He watches Kaori and faces the great evil that exists within the Kuki family. After 25 years of imprisonment for familicide, a mother comes back home where her son disappeared. When a young man, down on his luck, learns about his father's killer's parole, it sets off a cat and mouse chase through the hostile desert, searching for a hidden family inheritance. Luis is attempting suicide from the top level of a construction building when he is interrupted by Don Ramon who also wants to kill himself. The two men engage into a conversation about life, love and family while sharing a song: "De jazmin en flor". Memento Mori is about a girl who's stuck in a dream circle, reliving key moments of a traumatic event. What happened to her? And will she survive this nightmare before time runs out? George Macready plays the centurion who presided over Christ's crucifixion. Sutrula is a 2014 Indian Tamil thriller film written and directed by V. Rajesh Alfred. The film features Richard, Mithun, Prajin, Sandra Jose, Srija and Ankitha in the lead roles, and was released in December 2014. The project began production in late 2012 with businessman Venkatraman and Ravikumar opting to fund Rajesh Alfred's first script. The team primarily shot scenes across Ooty, using an old palace at a cost of 1 lakh per day. A 75 schedule was also held in forests in early 2013, with Richard revealed to play a negative role. The team held their music release function in April 2013, with Sarath Kumar and R. B. Choudary attending as chief guests.  Despite completing production in early 2013, the film was delayed for almost a year, before the team geared up for a theatrical release in late 2014. For promotional purposes, the team hired out jeeps featuring a doll, a pivotal character in the film, and rode around the streets of Tamil Nadu. An ex-British spy (Michael Caine) helps a U.S. diplomat's wife (Sean Young) and blows the lid off a deadly government cover-up. In many ways the plot is a primary ingredient in this Shanghai film about the tragedy of a life misspent in hiding the truth due to noble, if misguided, intentions. The story begins with two married Chinese medical students who are studying abroad in the 1950s, only to have their relationship torn apart when the wife is deported to Mongolia for some unwise political views she expressed. She leaves, and rather than tell her husband that she has discovered she is pregnant, she gets a divorce and gives birth to a baby girl. Two decades later, the mother is rehabilitated, and the daughter is grown up and has become a professional dancer. Her mother comes to one of her performances, at which the daughter falls and injures her foot - an injury that adds to the mother's personal tragedy when the daughter is treated by a doctor who is actually her father. Place your hands on the wheel, Ride into the red, Never looking back again we'll Drive until your dead. A cheating husband decides to seek revenge against the woman who infected him with HIV. A couple try to repair their damaged union in an Italian vacation paradise. Then they discover the owner's intentions. A snowboard film by Vans, using photo's and rider commentary rather than live motion clips. 1931, a year of nationalisms and excesses: The Chinese are expelled from Sonora; the US deports Mexicans and closes its borders. Twelve desperate people cross the Sonoran desert in a 1929 Chrysler, hoping to find peace in Baja California. As their sojourn exposes both the best and the worst of human nature, racism, greed, and paranoia prove as deadly as the merciless landscape around them. Ram is a photographer and nature lover who travels all around India capturing moments. On a chance visit to his hometown Tanjavur, he goes into his school and begins to walk down memory lane to 1994 when he was a student harboring feelings for his classmate Janu. Samhaara is a 2018 Indian Kannada action thriller directed by Guru Deshpande. It features Chiranjeevi Sarja, Hariprriya and Kavya Shetty along with Chikkanna in the lead roles An American artist's obsession with a disturbing urban legend leads her to an investigation of the story's origins at the crumbling estate of a reclusive painter in Ireland. In 1939, in a French prison camp, Jose Garces of the defeated Spanish Republican army raises the spirits of his fellow prisoners by telling the story of the year he was 8 years old, 1911, in a small town in northeastern Spain. He was a rascal, baffling his father, always in trouble, and in love with Valentina, a neighbor girl. On his roof top at night he sends semaphore messages to her. He writes poems. He gets them into trouble, killing her father's breeding pigeons. When the two families camp at a decaying castle, his tutor, a sympathetic priest, tells him about the most valiant men, the saints, the heroes, and the poets. Already a poet, he learns a lesson about being a hero. A battle-hardened army officer goes in search of his ex-lover's child who is mysteriously kidnapped. Neha reaches out to the only person who can help her with her plight, Ronnie. He goes deep into the underbelly of Goa, facing off against drug lords, menacing Russian henchmen, and blood thirsty animals. Daring stunts, chase sequences, air strikes, bomb blasts and other large-scale action sequences will be done with a bona-fide, larger than life approach, truly making it a spectacle.  Wake in Fright is the story of John Grant, a bonded teacher who arrives in the rough outback mining town of Bundanyabba planning to stay overnight before catching the plane to Sydney, but as one night stretches into several he plunges headlong into his own destruction. Michael and Madison Roland had planned to spend the rest of their lives together, until one day Michael's controlling ways turned their perfect marriage. With the help of her best friend, Madison decides to get away. After adopting a new identity, she meets Alex Stone and learns to love again. All is well, until Michael discovers Madison's whereabouts, and recreate the nightmare she once lived all over again. A grieving mother transforms herself into a vigilante following the murders of her husband and daughter, eluding the authorities to deliver her own personal brand of justice. After being sent to Nigeria against his will, a stubborn Nigerian-American teenager, joins forces with an internet scammer, in order to return to the United States. The newly married Elizabeth arrives with her new husband, the scientist Henry, at a magnificent house. He tells her that she can do there anything she pleases, except to enter a certain closed room. When Rachel is extended an invitation to stay at the camping lot (Lot 24) of her missing uncle, she is leery, but excited at the thought of spending some time away. Although the details surrounding his disappearance are sketchy at best, Rachel and her friends plan a weekend of hiking and relaxing. As the real estate market is in a downward spiral, beautiful young realtor Lauren Baker gets the listing of a lifetime: a mansion on Chicago's exclusive Gold Coast has fallen into her lap and she is able to quickly find a cash buyer for the brother and sister who are selling their parents' estate. When the vendors turn out to be imposters and the real owners turn up murdered, Lauren realizes that she has fallen victim to a scam as well as a cover up to a murder. Lauren is determined to find out who deceived her and why. El Regreso is a venezuelan movie written and directed by Patricia Ortega, which tells the story of a Wayuu girl that survived the slaughter of his people, in Bahia Portete from the Colombian Guajira, and therefore, she is forced to grow in a unknown world to her. Mateho, an officer of the Inquisition and rational man of science, visits a remote monastery to investigate a bizarre murder of a monk. And you guessed it: something evil is afoot. But is the terror man-made or the result of witchcraft? Doc and Zoe are just hired for the night to deliver an unknown package. At a crossroad, they stumble upon a dog. In Haiti, each crossroad requires a sacrifice. A series of mysterious murders happened in a haunted barber house. Was it really supernatural forces or was it actually people behind the murders? Keisha Ceylon (played by EMILY HAMPSHIRE) is a psychic. At least, that's what she passes herself off as. Her real powers have more to do with separating troubled families from their money than actually seeing into the netherworld. When Keisha targets the family of the missing Ellie Garfield (played by DIANE D'AQUILA) she becomes entangled in the dark secrets of Ellis's husband Wendell Garfield (played by ERIC ROBERTS) and his daughter Melissa (played by KATIE BOLAND). A story of a young boxing coach who suddenly becomes a main suspect in three murders. Logan, a cynic with a photographic memory, follows his sister's killer onto a night-rider bus. As the line between past and present begins to blur on the journey, Logan uncovers he has a complex past with much more than one passenger. When a 747 crashes shortly after take-off, the sole survivor is the pilot. Virtually unhurt, he and the investigators look for the answers to the disaster. Meanwhile mysterious deaths occur in the community and only a psychic, in touch with the supernatural, can help the pilot unravel the mystery surrounding the doomed plane. Conrad and Sally Walden are home alone with their pet fish. It is raining outside, and there is nothing to do. Until The Cat in the Hat walks in the front door. He introduces them to their imagination, and at first it's all fun and games, until things get out of hand, and The Cat must go, go, go, before their parents get back. A pair of high-frequency traders go up against their old boss in an effort to make millions in a fiber-optic cable deal. After a chance phone call leads to daily conversations, a widowed restaurant owner and a lonely film actor plan to finally meet in person. Francis Barnard goes to Spain, when he hears his sister Elizabeth has died. Her husband Nicholas Medina, the son of the most brutal torturer of the Spanish Inquisition, tells him she has died of a blood disease, but Francis finds this hard to believe. After some investigating he finds out that it was extreme fear that was fatal to his sister and that she may have been buried alive! Joe Dirt is a janitor with a mullet hairdo, acid-washed jeans and a dream to find the parents that he lost at the Grand Canyon when he was a belligerent, trailer park-raised eight-year-old. Now, blasting Van Halen in his jacked-up economy car, the irrepressibly optimistic Joe hits the road alone in search of his folks. 11-year-old Mickey House is no longer a child. But who is he? He doesn't know. He's friendless. He doesn't understand his mother. He hates what's happening to his body. Reality and imagination come together in a toxic mix. Events escalate to extremes... at home and at school. Mickey has to find the strength within him to put a stop to what's begun. Where will his encounter with his own maturing body take him? Satori is 'a glimpse of truth' or a sudden moment of awakening. To have the confidence to overcome your fears and unlock your passions you need to be completely present in the moment.  This cinematic film, documents a close-knit who have dedicated their lives to the ocean and riding the huge waves on the shores of picturesque Cape Town, South Africa.  Their passion is riding huge waves at two surf breaks situated in South peninsula, the infamous Dungeons below the sentinel mountain in Hout Bay and Sunset Reef 1km out to sea off the small seaside village of Kommetjie.  While each surfer is surfing these waves for different reasons, the film discovers that there is a connection that they all feel and believe in.  This connection is the raw beauty of the ocean beneath them. The writer of a bad TV series begins to rethink his life when he meets and falls in love with a beautiful actress. Forced to play a dangerous game of cat-and-mouse in the chaos of war, an elite Army bomb squad unit must come together in a city where everyone is a potential enemy and every object could be a deadly bomb. A group of counter-terrorism agents are brought in to track down a man who was once the head of their squad, and is believed to have gone rogue. Perception is a darkly comedic gem that stars Piper Perabo as Jen Marshall, an LA girl with a reckless personality and a laundry list of burned bridges. When Jen returns to New York and unexpected tragedy strikes, it is up to her mistreated friends to decide between helping her through this tough time or abandoning her - like she did them. A squad of the Jiaolong Commando Unit - Sea Dragon, a spec ops team of the Chinese Navy, carries out a hostage rescue operation in the nation of Yewaire, on the Arabian Peninsula, and fiercely fights against local rebel groups and Zaka, a terrorist organization. The sexual rivalries over a new, potentially great rock'n'roll singer between a nightclub owner and a local gangster cause unrest and eventually lead to murder. When Ross is diagnosed with terminal brain cancer and given six weeks to live, his newly engaged older brother Seth offers to spend his $50,000 wedding fund on a final trip of a lifetime. Their plans are complicated when Ross invites a call girl to join the group and Seth's uptight fiancee insists on tagging along. This raucous road trip comedy features hip-hop star Asher Roth. Young Youtuber David Baker is invited by Carol, a lonely woman, to investigate supernatural occurrences in her home. But it takes a turn as he slowly uncovers that things aren't what they seem. Hundreds of years after humans have settled on Mars, Regulator Rogul and Lord Jens Maul, lead a force of Martians to Earth in order to conquer the planet. Queen Metaphor looks to the gay heroes aboard the spaceship Surprise -- Captain Kork, Mr. Spuck, and first engineer Schrotty First movie produced in Israel deals with the outbreak of hostilities during the war for independence in 1947. Out on a dead calm ocean, in a thick fog, a group of tourists on a pleasure craft are about to cross paths with an ancient and terrible evil. Sharing the same ocean, a sick, dying old Greek man drifts alone on a stricken yacht. The Greek (John Rhys-Davies) has been cheating death for countless years. Trading broken bodies for new ones over centuries. With him he carries a deadly weapon that allows him to do this. This weapon, the Shifting Blade, gives its possessor an awesome power. But now is the time of reckoning. The Ferryman, the ancient conveyor of death and the path to the afterlife is close and he wants the Greek. There is a payment to be made. After being released from jail, the son of a con man joins his father on the road. Based on a true story - A paramedic spends 18 hours in an ambulance trying to find a hospital that will admit a road crash victim. Bouncing with nail-biting suspense and ingenious humor, young Chinese filmmaker Li Yuhe's feature debut portrays a puzzling crime happened in a rural small town, where greed, lust and wit battle it out in one night. It all starts from a sexually impotent motel owner hiring a pro to murder his cheating wife. Everything goes exactly as planned, until two blind daters, a robber, a policeman and a strange dead body unexpectedly arrive. Based on the bestselling novel by Donato Carrisi, THE GIRL IN THE FOG is a gripping and chilling thriller that brings us to a hazy mountain village where enigmatic Detective Vogel is investigating on the sudden disappearance of fifteen-year-old Anna Lou. But with the case at the heart of a media storm, the fine line between the police and criminals begins to blur and soon everyone becomes a suspect. A hard-working small business owner and his two associates travel to Europe to close the most important deal of their lives.  But what began as a routine business trip goes off the rails in every imaginable - and unimaginable - way, including unplanned stops at a massive sex fetish event and a global economic summit. A group of techies cheated by a cyber-criminal who also happens to be a big shot in the business world, plan their revenge. What they do not foresee is being outsmarted and there unfolds a chain of events, which spiral out of control. A harsh if ultimately optimistic depiction of life in the unforgiving Hebrides, that includes documentary footage to add to the sense of realism. A woman weathers the conscription of her husband, destructive storms, a son who yearns to leave the family home and an outbreak of cholera before winning the man she truly loves. Frank Valken, high-flying robber, has just made a final masterful break. At least that's what he believes... Ideal suspects, Valken and his gang find themselves involved in a criminal case of thirty years. It seems that the crazy killers are back.  Only women are at a resort, until one man arrives. He woos a pretty young widow, and wins her. From Drug abuse, Hate Crimes, Sex, Abuse of authority, Violence and the former Don't ask, Don't tell policy. The Barracks is the place to be. An ace police crisis negotiator, Chae-yoon, is called to the scene where her supervisor is taken hostage. Through the control room monitor, she is faced with the cold-blooded hostage taker, Tae-gu, whose demeanors are difficult to interpret. Against the 21-hour deadline Tae-gu has set, Chae-yoon tirelessly tries to crack the unusually calm perp over multiple video-calls. Eventually, the shocking truth begins to unveil. Samir is the head of a small family and a bank employee and stable in his work, but separated after the decision to reduce the employment and then surprise that his bank balance zero and after days find a box with a mobile phone to meet a call changed his life by recruiting him  to spy on people through an organization called The Originals. Anthology of horror shorts. Looking for peace, solitude and an escape from the outside world a mysterious stranger checks into a remote hotel. Reluctantly drawn into the lives and activities of the hotel's guests it soon becomes terrifyingly clear that all is not as calm and serene as the management would have him believe. A chance encounter with the hotel maid sets in motion a chain of events that will take the Stranger to the very edge of sanity, and threatens to destroy the lives of everyone present. Pavithra Bandham is a 1996 Telugu film directed by Muthyala Subbayya. The film stars Venkatesh, Soundarya, S P Balasubramaniam and Subhalekha Sudhakar in lead roles. Copenhagen, Denmark, 2018. A frightening discovery is made in an old apartment. The subsequent investigation of Department Q members leads them to an infamous institution for girls that was suddenly closed in the early sixties. In this reboot of the 2005 Indie Classic, Attorney Laney McCoy begins an affair with a much younger man, only to spin out of control in a jealous rage. Now, a horrible crime has been committed and it's up to her attorney to sort out the details of her disturbing story. Northern England, 1912. The dinner of a wealthy family is interrupted by Inspector Goole, who only announces that a young woman has committed suicide. Then, he simply asks everyone present, one by one, if they knew her.  After narrowly escaping the clutches of a deadly stalker, a beautiful young woman flees to a remote anonymous town where she rebuilds her life and finds the man of her dreams -- until the man of her nightmares tracks her down. Based on the novel The Purple Rose by Christi R. Walsh. Vishambar Prasad (Darshan Jariwala) and his wife Sujata (Neena Kulkarni) have just married off their younger daughter amidst much pomp and gaiety. Soon after the wedding their only son Ashish (Amir Dalvi) flies back to Germany from where he had come only to attend his sister's wedding. The old couple is left alone in their big mansion in Delhi. A few days down the line it is revealed that Sujata is afflicted with multiple myeloma, a rare type of cancer. Somewhere in this city, there are four goons whose livelihood is to murder and loot hapless senior citizens in the city. They do this by pretending to be AC mechanics who offer free checks of ACs even when your AC could be working perfectly fine. Dilliwaalas open their doors to anybody who offers a free service. Then there are domestic servants and drivers who are hand-in-glove with the four criminals. This is not to say that such things do not happen. New York detective Ichabod Crane is sent to Sleepy Hollow to investigate a series of mysterious deaths in which the victims are found beheaded. But the locals believe the culprit to be none other than the ghost of the legendary Headless Horseman. Samantha and daughter Blake invite Chloe, a foreign exchange student from Britain, into their California home. The two girls become close friends but Samantha's uneasiness begins with the suspicious death of Blake's boyfriend. Samantha sets out to prove her daughter's innocence, discovering Chloe's ultimate plan is to "adopt" Samantha as her "mum". A mother concerned about her young son's disturbing behavior thinks something supernatural may be affecting him. Tanya is a rich woman who is married to another rich man named Vinod. But their lives change by Vinod's death. Tanya than starts falling in love with a doctor named Akash. But Akash is in love with a woman named Maya and after some time gets married to her. But their marriage does not last long. Because, first Maya leaves him to travel to another part of India to help people who are sick; and then Akash receives news that she is dead. Tanya comes up to console Akash and hopes that he will now love, accept and marry her. But Akash does not do so, as he is still immersed in Maya's memories, and believes that Maya is still alive and calling out to him. Is Akash going out of his mind? Taisho's father is a supermodel cat, and everybody believes that Taisho will be a supermodel as well. His family has great expectations of him, because he is the eldest son, but he can't bear all the pressure and runs away from home. Unfortunately, he has no clue how to survive on his own, having always been fed and pampered as a model cat. Taisho passes from one job to another, homeless, until he finds his place in a noodle shop, where he becomes a successful cook. A man in his mid-20s, still living at home with his mother and stepfather, puts all his eggs in one basket: the girl who works at his local coffee shop. The problem is, she has a serious boyfriend. As they become closer, the line between friendship and intimacy is blurred, and the situation forces both to examine where they are in their lives.  A seemingly innocent man is abducted by a notorious L.A. serial killer, who forces his victims to switch roles with him so that he can enact his own capture, torture and murder. Poor Benjamin gets stuck in a time-loop while on detention with his high-school crush. Melanie Beck is the only surviving victim of a killer-rapist who wears a Freddy Kruger-esque mask and claw. Despite having seen the killer's face, Beck has blocked it from her memory. Becoming suicidal, she tries to kill herself on the beach but is saved by Axel, another rapist sleazeball who keeps her locked in his hotel room. All this builds to a mind blowing conclusion.  A little cat must take his sick father's place as night watchman, but is bullied by a tough mouse and his gang, leaving the rest of the mice free to eat all the food and stage a musical floor show. Working with Virgil's four-part poem "Georgics" and Antonio Vivaldi's concertos "The Four Seasons" as models, Gottheim arranged his painterly compositions into four distinct sections, each edited according to its own exacting pattern. The seasonal flux thus informs both the form and content of the image, with the basic elements of trees, sky, hills and the occasional crisscrossing clothesline filmed in every imaginable light. 16mm film (b&amp;w) Captain Gang has died in a test flight accident. Dae-ik discovers a huge corruption scandal while trying to determine the cause of death. He reports it to journalist Jung-sook, but things changed in unexpected ways. When a litter of dalmatian puppies are abducted by the minions of Cruella De Vil, the parents must find them before she uses them for a diabolical fashion statement. When a feisty little fox named Tod is adopted into a farm family, he quickly becomes friends with a fun and adorable hound puppy named Copper. Life is full of hilarious adventures until Copper is expected to take on his role as a hunting dog -- and the object of his search is his best friend! Contestants in "The Werewolf Game" have to kill each other to win. These contestants have experience in similar slaughter games. Ranko Takano is one of the participants. She takes part to help a family mired in dept. New positions of "Cupid" and "Lover" are added.  Ranka is a street orphan, all of ten years old. He makes manjha used in kite flying for a living, and he has to take care of his three-year-old little sister Chimi, who is somewhat mentally challenged. A man returns to his Appalachian homestead. On the trip, he falls for a young woman. The only problem is her family has vowed to kill every member of his family. A woman becomes increasingly aware of her fractured past as a corrupt organization closes in. This film talks about today's Indonesia from different perspectives--economy, politics, arts and culture, society, laws, and history--outlined in several fragments influenced by one another. Alice's boyfriend Frank is a Scotland Yard detective who seems more interested in police work than in her. When she agrees to go out with another man, he attacks her and she defends herself and kills him. When the body is discovered, Frank is assigned to the case. He quickly discovers that Alice is the killer, but so has someone else, and they are threatening blackmail.  After experiencing troubled dreams, a man talks with his friend in the park. Dr. Lauren Slaughter, a research fellow at the Arab-Anglo Institute in London is utterly frustrated by her job. To supplement her income, she starts moonlighting at the Jasmine Escort Service, where she has more control over men and money than she does at the office. On one of her 'dates', Lauren meets the politician Lord Bulbeck who is trying to mediate a peace accord between the Arabs and Israelis. Bulbeck falls in love with his escort, and unwittingly, Lauren becomes a pawn in some very dirty politics. Add a Plot. An investigative officer takes up a case involving the deaths of three different women murdered by three different killers with varying motives. A young boy (Jay) and a girl (Vedika) happen to meet in the tourist town of Goa. They spend some time together and realise that they are perfect for each other. However life has other plans. Many years later, in Mumbai, they cross each other. But the memory of their time together is so distant, it takes a while for Jay to recollect. By the time he remembers, she is lost in the crowd. What happens when two strangers meet for some time and realise they are perfect for each other? What if life has other plans? Would you wait for your destined perfect other, or would you move on? Number 37 is the story of Randall, wheelchair bound, playing a cat and mouse game blackmailing a powerful criminal whilst evading a sadistic loan shark who will kill him and his girlfriend if his loan is not paid back by the end of the week. The shocking story of Joel Rifkin, a troubled young man whose hidden fantasies of power and control combined with his obsessive dedication to prostitutes led him to embark on one of the New York area's most notorious murder sprees, claiming seventeen victims in the late eighties and early nineties. She thinks he is cheating. In reality he is not, he is in love with his partner. She suffers from sleepwalking... he tries to create a comfortable atmosphere, tries to protect her and prevent harm. She does not remember anything from the night. During the day they are like two strangers, they argue and avoid each other. In the last scene, she reacts annoyed at the touch of his hand... but he remains there still, unmoved, saying nothing and accepting. A damaged young woman is looking forward to moving to a beautiful new home, but the spirit of a deranged nun wants her to stay right where she is. The murder of a girl unexpectedly turns the life of two people topsy-turvy. Even as they run for their lives, they try to find the real culprit behind the assassination The new generation of the Royal Space Force and their endeavors to make it to space. When Butch, Postmaster P, and Stray Bullet loot the local hip-hop mogul's studio to fund their demo album, the threesome unwittingly ends up with the secret of Mack Daddy's success: a magical flute. Their gigs instantly turn golden but a blood-thristy Leprechaun and an angry Mack Daddy are hot on their trail, leaving a wake of destruction tainted by politically incorrect limericks. The reappearance of notorious criminal Paul Sanchez becomes an obsession for a young police officer who will do anything to catch him.  Thirteen years after disappearing and presumed drowned, Matt returns home to his mother Sarah. Suspicions grow when her older son Ian is injured in a car accident similar to the one that recently killed his father. Hank Marshall is a tough, square-jawed, straitlaced Army engineer and nuclear science expert, assigned to help conduct weapons-testing in 1950's America. Hank has become a thorn in the side of the Army, though, for a couple of very different reasons. He is an outspoken opponent of atmospheric testing, though his superiors hold contrary views and want to squelch his concerns...and his reports. The other problem is his wife, Carly. She is voluptuous and volatile, wreaking havoc in his personal life and stirring up intrigue at each new Army base. In an effort to control the city the Mayor opens the doors to the Russian Mob. It is not long until he realizes they aren't going to follow his rules. To fix the problem he accepts an offer to set up the Russians and open the door for the Cartel. When the Russians find out they take the Mayors Daughter and then the real games begin. Thirteen-year-old, Hadley, and her little sister find themselves hungry and homeless. Hadley reaches out to their estranged family, only to discover they were safer on the streets. An enterprising youngster in a slum wants his people to lead a life of dignity, but has to take on an ambitious capitalist, who only wants to dominate his field. Son of a tabla player loses his guitar while he goes to help his friend, a security guard. A burglary attempt takes place and he is worried that he will be caught since the guitar contains his contact details. The movie is about how the hero along with his friend tries to retrieve the guitar. Sadie, a young female novelist, and an enigmatic woman named Francesca, are enticed by an ex-lover to join him at his Italian villa for a weekend celebration being held to honor the release of Sadie's latest book. Once there, Sadie begins to fear his true intentions as she and Francesca become embroiled in a dangerous game of moral and sexual discovery. A comic book storekeeper, Dae-man, and the legendary homicide detective, Tae-su, who met on previous case quit their jobs to open a private detective agency. A former Olympic athlete must return to the city where she grew up to fix family problems and face her past. Kamilla, a young Danish girl leaves for Las Vegas to get married. During the ceremony she changes her mind and runs away. She is picked up by Rock, a 40 year-old loner on a motorcycle. A meeting with Rock's aunt sends them in pursuit of Rock's father. During the trip, Rock has been carrying a mysterious package, and shortly before arriving in Seattle, Kamilla discovers what the package contains... A psychotherapist journeys inside a comatose serial killer in the hopes of saving his latest victim. Irandu Mugam is a political film with social message.It is a double hero subject with Sathyaraj and Karan playing the roles. The female leads are Anika and Suhani. Beset with guilt brought on by his father's past as a police officer in apartheid, a young Afrikaner man pays a black man to torture him over a weekend. Contemporary Moscow. Svyatoslav, a poor boy, falls in love with Asya, a rich girl, and wants to marry her. To support her in the manner in which she is accustomed, he opens an upscale restaurant. But he soon discovers he has a unseen enemy. Thomas is turning 16. His dad's in the army and they've just moved to a town in New South Wales; his mom is pregnant; his older brother, Charlie, who's autistic, has his own adolescent sexual issues. Thomas finds Charlie an embarrassment in public, so when Thomas is attracted to Jackie, a girl in his swim class, Charlie presents any number of obstacles when she drops by their house, when the three of them go for a walk, and during a family birthday dinner. Can Thomas find a way to enter the world of teen romance and still be his brother's keeper, or is Charlie's disability going to prove more than Thomas can handle? As a means to distract herself from an affair, a love-addicted woman befriends a cleaning lady, badly scarred by burns. She soon learns, these scars run much deeper than the surface.  Long version of Jon Knautz short movie. After the events in the previous film, Secret Service agent Mike Banning finds himself framed for an assassination attempt on the President. Pursued by his own agency and the FBI, Banning races to clear his name and uncover the real terrorist threat which has set its sights on Air Force One. A story of the Jangsan Tiger, who mimics human voices to lure them close, and a family affected by the creature. A cop has to investigate the motive behind sinister posters that have been put up in the city and track down the person who sends a threat letter to his adopted daughter. Frank Drebin is persuaded out of retirement to go undercover in a state prison. There he is to find out what top terrorist, Rocco, has planned for when he escapes. Frank's wife, Jane, is desperate for a baby.. this adds to Frank's problems. A host of celebrities at the Academy awards ceremony are humiliated by Frank as he blunders his way trying to foil Rocco. Former top U.S. security adviser Elizabeth "Libby" Lamm is threatened by associates from her dark past including Rachel Burke a steely, commanding politician with an unwavering knack for achieving her goals. Colluding with Rachel is Adrian, an unyielding, patriotic chief of staff. Martin harbors another type of obsession with Libby in this story of betrayal and regret. Nick Forest, a college freshman, wants nothing more than to join a fraternity. However, in the wake of a brutal hazing death on campus, his estranged older brother, Pete, is rallying against the Greek system. Nick ignores Pete's protests and rushes Psi Theta Epsilon, notorious for its rumored hazing practices. As Nick begins the pledging process, he relishes the bonding and the partying, especially with Sophie, an irresistible sorority tease. When Nick's close friend, Mimi, struggles with her own sorority experience, and his fraternity's rumored hazing turns dangerously real, Nick begins to question everything. But is he in too deep? A modern retelling of the ancient Greek myth of Dionysus -- the god of wine, revelry, and ecstasy -- HAZE is a raw, shocking glimpse into a world of institutionalized savagery and into the heart of a young man driven by a desperate need for acceptance and brotherhood. A work of visual art that borrows from music the principles of the fugue, with the sudden flight of a man to his hotel room as its main theme. Where he dreams. (Sinhalese: dhrmyuddhy) is a 2017 Sri Lankan Sinhala Family drama film directed by Indian director Cheyyar Ravi and produced by MTV Channel for Sirasa Films of The Capital Maharaja Organization Limited and is distributed by M Entertainments.It is a Sinhala remake of the Indian Malayalam- language film Drishyam originally written by Jeethu Joseph. Dharmayuddhaya follows the story of Harishchandra; a self-made businessman, loved and respected by all in the area. His wife and two children are his most valued treasures of his life and he spends lot of time watching films which is his hobby.  Due to a stranger who enters their lives, his life along with the lives of his wife and daughters' change unexpectedly After an unprecedented global pandemic has turned the majority of humankind into violent infected beings, Morgan, a man gifted with the ability to speak the infected's new language, leads the last survivors on a hunt for patient zero and a cure. Telly Paretta is a grieving mother struggling to cope with the loss of her 8-year-old son. She is stunned when her psychiatrist reveals that she has created eight years of memories about a son she never had. But when she meets a man who has had a similar experience, Telly embarks on a search to prove her son's existence, and her sanity. On a golden afternoon, young Alice follows a White Rabbit, who disappears down a nearby rabbit hole. Quickly following him, she tumbles into the burrow - and enters the merry, topsy-turvy world of Wonderland! Memorable songs and whimsical escapades highlight Alice's journey, which culminates in a madcap encounter with the Queen of Hearts - and her army of playing cards! A serial killer is murdering school girls, and a newbie cop has to track him down before the victim count increases. A hardnosed cop goes after a gang of ruthless dacoits who have been terrorising residents along the highway for a decade. The fates of an apparently random group of strangers who each come into contact with a mysterious figure who they believe possesses the power to grant any wish, in return for which they must carry out a task he assigns them. Sedated, Keely awakens to find herself captive in a cabin in northern Ontario. Alone with Du, who has been assigned to be her guard and caregiver, she will be forced to bring her pregnancy to term by an extremist anti-choice faction.   Majestic mountains, a still lake and venomous betrayals engulf a female married couple attempting to celebrate their one-year anniversary. Zakhariapothen Jeevichirippundu revolves around the life of Zacharias Pothen and his family from a small village named Peerumedu. Zacharia Pothen is a 40-year-old retired Major. Because of his passion for his profession, he got married only after his retirement and was living happily with his wife. Suddenly one fine day, some of his old friends came there with hidden intentions, which he was unaware of, leading to the occurrence of unexpected things around him. This turned his life into a completely different track. This is when the real story of the movie starts. Michiko Oshitani, who lived in Shiga Prefecture, is found dead at an apartment in Tokyo. She was strangled to death. Mutsuo Koshikawa is the owner of the apartment and he goes missing. Detectives including Yuhei Matsumiya who is a cousin of Detective Kyoichiro Kaga , have difficulties in solving the case. They can't find a connection between Michiko Oshitani and Mutsuo Koshikawa.  They soon learn that Michiko Oshitani came to Tokyo to visit Hiromi Asai . They graduated from the same school, but there isn't a connection between Hiromi Asai and Mutsuo Koshikawa. Detective Yuhei Matsumiya finds something near Michiko Oshitani's body. That something has the names of 12 bridges surrounding the Nihonbashi area of Tokyo. Detective Kyoichiro Kaga learns of the clue and becomes agitated. There's a connection with his late mother At the dawn of her thirties, Mona tries relentlessly to take off as an actress. Time passes and proposals do not arrive. Short of resources, she is forced to move to Sam, her younger sister. Sathya Harishchandra, a young and whacky person, falls in love. The movie follows the love story of the young lad and answers if the prankster ever becomes serious about romance in his life. Scottish orphan David Balfour (Lawrence Douglas) is betrayed by his wicked uncle Ebeneezer (Donald Pleasance), who arranges for David to be kidnapped and sold into slavery so that Unk can claim his inheritance. The boy is rescued and befriended by Alan Breck (Michael Caine), a Scottish rebel fighting on behalf of his country's independence from the British (did we tell you that the film takes place during late 18th century?) Both David and Alan undergo several exhilarating adventures before Alan comes to realize that the rebellion is doomed from the start, and David foils his uncle's greedy machinations. (AllMovie) You wake up, with no memory. You have 90 minutes before your kidnappers will kill you, unless you find out who you are and why these foreign people want to kill you. A thriller in the vein of "Buried" with a devious twist. Loyal samurai Samanosuke is attacked, mutilated, and left for dead while carrying out a mission for his clan. He recovers but has lost an eye and an arm. Taking a new identity as Tange Sazen, he searches for a stolen urn which has hidden significance to his clan. But Tange Sazen has his own reasons for seeking the urn. Ivan uses experimental meditation to induce out-of-body experiences that might make it possible for him to escape a mysterious illness. His training takes an unexpected turn when he finds himself getting between the marital engagement of two old friends, Emily and John. Unaware of Ivan's secret relationship with his fiance, John invites Ivan to go on a hiking trip with him. In order to keep up appearances, Ivan agrees to go along. On the trip, John grows ever more suspicious of Ivan's intentions with Emily. A dangerous game of cat and mouse ensues that might provide Ivan an unexpected route to a cure. Four Navy SEALs on a covert mission to neutralize a high-level Taliban operative must make an impossible moral decision in the mountains of Afghanistan that leads them into an enemy ambush. As they confront unthinkable odds, the SEALs must find reserves of strength and resilience to fight to the finish. Mike and Toni are on their way to the mountains for a romantic weekend, when their car breaks down. The couple take shelter in an empty cabin, unaware that it is being used by bisexual photographer Jan who is on an erotic shoot with model Kristin. Things get more complicated when Glen, a fashion editor, arrives. Soon inhibitions (and underwear) are being freely cast aside. But the lovers' reverie is broken when Kristin's psychotic boyfriend breaks in, seeking vengeance. While attending a party at James Franco's house, Seth Rogen, Jay Baruchel and many other celebrities are faced with the apocalypse. 4: GO (2017) An ex-marine who struggles to provide for his family and a violent drug dealer with an undefeated fighting record are determined to compete in the Donnybrook, a legendary, bare-knuckle brawl with a cash prize of $100,000. A low-level hotel worker gets involved in a street fighting racket on the advice of a compulsive gambler. When the duo realise they have been duped by the gangster controlling the racket, they decided to rob him... An elderly, yet young-at-heart man, moves in with his grandson, and both their lives turn upside-down. A romantic youngster, who manages to have several relationships with pretty girls, realises his mistakes and finally decides to settle down in life by marrying one among them. Ling Xi (David Chiang) is a rebellious youth whose liaison with underage girlfriend Cindy (Agnes Chan) is the spark which lights the eventual flame of his rebellion. Against the wishes of her parents, Ling Xi and Cindy move in together, and the two find a measure of bliss in their shared life. However, rumors circulate that Ling Xi is using Cindy as a means of financial support. After his brother Ling Zhao (Di Lung) returns Cindy to her parents, Ling Xi is branded an outcast. His anger only leads to spiraling bitterness, and finally employ in a triad gang which gives him the ability to release his frustration - which he does until the bitter end.  The patients and staff of a secluded heroin treatment center must do battle with more than their own demons as a mysterious killer begins picking them off one-by-one. A reporter Mullen 'stumbles' on a story linking a prominent Member of Parliament to a KGB agent. In fact it is also linked to a near Nuclear disaster involving a teenage runaway and an Americal USAF base. Has there been a Government cover-up,Mullen teams up with Vernon Bayliss, an old hack, and Nina Beckam the MP's assistant to find out the truth. A yuppie who just got lucky is struck by a string of unlucky circumstances; a male model's life is upended because of evil boils appearing on his body; a folk singer's romantic ideals are put to the test as his beloved slowly changes into something he does not understand. These three funny, sometimes absurd, sometimes terrifying, and ultimately compelling stories make up "Triptiko." Harman had heard that love makes life wonderful, but life had taught him that he has to make his life wonderful to get his love. Harman is a quintessential middle class male in love with ... In this Gothic tale, a returning WW2 vet goes looking for a small-town girl whom he knows only from letters. Its the pretext for an off-beat treatment of sexual frustration morphing into a dangerous delusion, and eventually murder. One of the longest films ever made John Smith is a mysterious stranger who is drawn into a vicious war between two Prohibition-era gangs. In a dangerous game, he switches allegiances from one to another, offering his services to the highest bidder. As the death toll mounts, Smith takes the law into his own hands in a deadly race to stay alive. Rocky Mental is a nonlinear action thriller about the rise of a boxing Phenom who aspires for international glory but while he is at the threshold of sporting stardom, he encounters infamy. It is the story of a star athlete whose belief in his own invincibility makes him disregard the lurking threats posed by his own abrasive personality.  A series of targeted attacks on Rocky leaves the once indomitable fighter in a deep depressive, and semi delusional state. The perpetrators responsible for his losses, once revealed, ignite an unimaginable wrath in him. Rocky commits to retribution in characteristic flair, all along protecting those he has still left, and those he once cared for. Barcelona,   Spain, 1921. A tough cop from Madrid arrives in the city to locate, under the suspicious scrutiny of corrupt local police officers, a significant amount of military weaponry stolen from a train, allegedly by revolutionary anarchists. A burger-loving hit man, his philosophical partner, a drug-addled gangster's moll and a washed-up boxer converge in this sprawling, comedic crime caper. Their adventures unfurl in three stories that ingeniously trip back and forth in time. After a failed marriage, Richard is in search of his daughter Mindy. He meets Sasha, an aspiring actress who promises to help him. But the hope to get some quick cash by performing in a 24 hours play soon turns out to be a bloody game. Cody, a retired number one contender, is a straight laced working guy that doesn't look for trouble - but trouble seems to look for him. Cody has been focused on rebuilding his life after a tragic blow and is trying to stay focused on the present while trying to leave all his misfortune behind him. When unresolved issues come back to haunt him, Cody is faced with the decision of his life. Either avoid his past or come face to face with it. It's the ultimate decision to either pick up and leave again or prepare for his future ahead. Two families attempt a daredevil plan to escape the GDR with a homemade hot air balloon, but it crashes just before the border. The Stasi finds traces of this attempt to escape and immediately starts investigations, while the two families are forced to build a new escape balloon. With each passing day the Stasi is closer on their heels - a nerve-wracking race against time begins. A weekend camping trip among six old friends in Northern Minnesota's "Boundary Waters" turns tragic after one dies under mysterious circumstances, triggering further turmoil as they attempt to unmask the killer within their own group. A young couple become stranded in the woods where they encounter a werewolf and a house of horrors.  In 1985, several college students in Geneseo, NY were confronted with the unimaginable as their friend, Chris DiCesare, became the unwilling focus of a series of paranormal events, recorded in the form of journal notes by John Jeff Ungar. The exfiltration of memory--and body heat--to greener pastures in this post-apocalyptic thriller from indie enfant terrible Charles Marinaro. Hitch, the most popular Rideshare app, has created safe rides for millions. At least, that's what they want you to think. It was only a matter of time before the story went public. The story of that one night. That one, horrific night. "Black Ghost" is a crime/thriller set in modern day Perth, Australia. Following the life of an ex-commando living in a city that is controlled by criminals; The Northside Crew, The Reapers and The Regittis. Because he is a thug for hire, he becomes an outsider as he makes his living carrying out contracts for the highest bidder. Although he is a muscle for hire he made himself a promise to stop killing. He accepts a contract from the daughter of a prominent couple who have been murdered. Black Ghost must embark on a game of cat and mouse to find the killer or killers and complete his contract. The question is, will he break his golden rule and kill to find the answers? The third movie about a Chinese special force soldier with extraordinary marksmanship. Shot in a single, continuous take. A woman embeds herself in a white-power group in an effort to find her adoptive African-American mother. But one night, after the group returns from a rally, the members put Blaze's allegiance to a severe test. Group of friends, who, for love, friendship and wooing the most beautiful girl in the college, tumble into a politically driven plot where a sudden murder brings them face to face with each other and a reality that shakes them to their core. After a spate of mysterious disappearances in 1950s Krakow, young investigator Karski believes he's on the trail of a vicious serial killer. When his investigation points to wealthy and respected playboy Wladyslaw Mazurkiewicz,Karski finds himself up against his own supervisors, a mysterious woman and the hypnotic charms of Beautiful Wladek himself. After the death of her mother, Sylvia Scarlett decides that she can help her debt-ridden father, Henry, by dressing like a young man in order to move more freely in society. Returning to England from France, the pair are conned by smuggler Jimmy Monkley, but are impressed enough by him to join several of his unsuccessful swindling schemes. A group of friends sneak into an abandoned prison with the intention of making a ghost hunting video, until they start to go missing one by one. A rock-star who stopped singing after the death of his brother finds a female genie in a vase. She tries to help him live again. Mon Island, Denmark. Sonja asks Anna, an aspiring singer, to visit her childhood friend Julie, Sonja's daughter, who is obsessed with an ancient myth. Anna tries to cheer Julie up and convince her to give up her fantasies. (Remake of the short film "Sombra," 2017.) Constructed from over 500 hours of never-before-seen footage, this documentary centers on the career of celebrated football player Diego Maradona who played for SSC Napoli in the 1980s. A young violinist unravels her long lost father's past, triggering dark forces that reach beyond her imagination. After being stabbed in the heart by ruthless home invaders, a man is left for dead. Now weak, outnumbered, and knife sticking from his chest, he attempts to do the impossible: save his wife from these murderers before he bleeds to death. An unfortunate event in Samrat's life puts him in a situation where he has to make a choice. A choice that very few will ever make. A choice to try and get back his mother's life. Coming Soon A serial killer who works in an ice house murders women, then brings their bodies back to the ice house and stores them there. He also murders his brother, who is a cop, and takes his place in the investigation. Monica, a big internet celebrity (aka idol) hangs herself live on her video channel. A year later idols start dying in horribly. All were tagged in Monica's last video, including Sa, a former idol-turned-beauty entrepreneur. Sa's boyfriend Jak investigates. All clues point to Sa's new facial cream.  An aspiring model Gudiya from a small town 'Ranchi' wishes to make it big in the industry, but ends up capturing the unwanted attention of a mafia leader which forces her to run away for survival with her childhood lover Manish. The following set of events pushes them to plan for an amateur bank heist with her gang of friends that goes terribly wrong. A 1980s crime tale based on true events concerning the Dixie Mafia. In the reasoning network , there are seven members who share the common interest of reasoning. One day, they decided to go snorkeling for vacation. Unfortunately, they have an accident and drifted to a desert island. On the island, everyone's cell phones' signals are gone, so they are forced to stay for seven days until the next ship comes. The first night, six of them have received the missing partner's slaughtered video message at 0:10 midnight. The coming week, one person is missing night by night. Can some of them survive from the desert island? Or all of them must die there? Who is the murder? "Killing 7" will have a surprise ending for the audience. In an abandoned psychiatric hospital, a theatre group experiments with insomnia for the preparation of a stage play. With the passage of days without sleep, they reach new thresholds of perception that expose them to the secrets of the place and the energies that inhabit it. When Bianca, a young, promising actress, joins the cast, competing for the lead role, she must survive not only the intensity of the work and her cast mates, but the unknown force that is pulling them towards a tragic outcome.  50 Cent stars as gifted college running back Deon in this touching drama. Deon's world turns upside down when an unexpected crisis jeopardizes his professional ambitions -- and causes him to look at himself and his life in a new way. A young woman repressed the memory of having killed someone when she was twelve years old. Thirteen years later that memory comes back. Sao Paulo, Brazil. Isabel, a 25-year-old girl, is kidnapped. The first ATM the criminals try to withdraw money from is broken. It's almost 10:00pm. The kidnappers realize they will not be able to get to the next one on time. What was meant to be an express kidnapping becomes an all-night imprisonment. Walter and Benita have separated due to growing tension within their marriage. After Walter isn't heard from for an extended period of time, Benita discovers a terrifying occurrence. In the Los Angeles of the future, police are forbidden to carry weapons and must use stun guns instead. A maverick detective ignores those restrictions in his pursuit of "The Bullseye Murderer," a psychotic rapist who takes a new drug called "Umbra" that gives him superhuman strength and intelligence. A dinner party turns deadly when a group of friends is trapped inside of their house after a massive alien invasion threatens to take over the world. Things take a turn for the worse when they discover that the chemical the military is using to destroy the aliens is also turning humans into zombie-like savages. Now the group must band together and try to survive the night... if they don't kill each other first. From the guys that brought you Napoleon Dynamite comes this hilarious Napoleon-topping award-winning comedy. Super-nerdy Gavin Gore and his friends stumble on some huge footprints in the woods. A local cop, reporter and a renowned Sasquatch authority investigate, while two of Gavin's stoner neighbours hatch a scheme to profit from the situation The Prince of Darkness casts his undead shadow once more over the cursed village of Kleinenberg when his ashes are splashed with bat's blood and Dracula is resurrected. And two innocent victims search for a missing loved one... loved to death by Dracula's mistress. But after they discover his blood-drained corpse in Dracula's castle necropolis, the Vampire Lord's lustful vengeance begins. Richard, an uninspired novelist suffering from paranoid delusions, suspects his young and beautiful wife, Haley, of having an affair. He hires Matt to confirm his suspicions but the plan goes terribly wrong. As the twisting plot unfolds, the line between reality and dream begins to blur; only Nick, Richard's old friend and agent, is there to hold him back from the brink of insanity. Three strangers, who were cheated by a three-member fraud gang, hatch plan to take revenge on their leader, and go to his home around same time. All of them get the shock of their life when they find someone murdered at the home.  The girls of Alpha Beta need to raise $10,000 in two weeks to save the sorority house. Among their schemes to raise the funds are a beauty contest, a newspaper puzzle, and a baking contest. But when three guys hit the beach with love on their minds, bragging that they know the Beatles, the girls plan a concert with the Fab Four as the main attraction. Music/Musical - A Classical Cajun Gumbo began with a simple idea: to make a video demonstrating Doug Kershaw's unique style of fiddle playing to other violinists. A self taught musician, Kershaw has composed thousands of songs in his 60+ years performing career without knowing how to read or write music. University of Northern Colorado Professor of Violin Richard Fuchs was enlisted to provide pedagogic guidance for communicating Kershaw's life-long dream to hear his music expressed by a fill symphony orchestra and Fuch's desire to expand the musical and cultural horizons of his students. A philosophical burlesque, Human Nature follows the ups and downs of an obsessive scientist, a female naturalist, and the man they discover, born and raised in the wild. As scientist Nathan trains the wild man, Puff, in the ways of the world - starting with table manners - Nathan's lover Lila fights to preserve the man's simian past, which represents a freedom enviable to most. On a US nuclear missile sub, a young first officer stages a mutiny to prevent his trigger happy captain from launching his missiles before confirming his orders to do so. A murderous shapeshifter sets out on a blood-soaked mission to make things right with the woman he loves.  Detective Kaniyan Poonkundran is hungry for a challenging case to investigate and the mystery of a murdered dog leads to a rival who could be the match for him. In this "cops and robbers" film, a raid on a jewelry store staged by a band of amateur hold-up artists goes horribly wrong, leading to a shoot-out. The elite Organized Crime Bureau team, headed by Captain Ching King Gen, is poised to go into action at a moment's notice. Working as a unit, they bring law and order to Hong Kong streets, where they must rely on their courage and skills to survive. A struggling single mother, in the midst of a fierce custody battle, is framed for the murder of her wealthy father by her ambitious identical twin A very rich and successful playboy amuses himself by stealing artwork, but may have met his match in a seductive detective. While investigating the brutal murder of her parents, a young woman is kidnapped, raped, and left for dead. On All Hallows Eve she comes back dressed as a blood-thirsty pussycat keen on taking the souls of the men who destroyed her world. Jai Jawaan Jai Kisaan is a journey about Lal Bahadur Shashtri's glorious life. The movie begins with the various freedom fights in the country during the pre-independence era. A time where two groups ( Garam Dal and Naram Dal) had waged a war against Britishers with different set of ideologies. It was under the leadership of Gandhi ji that Naram Dal took on the Britishers and led a peaceful march towards independence. Lal Bahadur Shastri was a prominent personality in this group and has a huge role to play in the history of India's independence. However this dynamic leader had his own story to deal with during the initial phase of his life. A low economic background, untimely death of his father and a mother to look after...these were just some of the problems that gave Lal Bahadur Shashtri a direction in life. Comedian Rik Mayall died suddenly on 9 June 2014. Mayall's blend of rocket-fuelled physical comedy, surrealism, subversive satire and pompous punk wit left a body of work that spanned four decades. Mayall's characters include the Black Country's investigative nerd Kevin Turvey, Felicity Kendal-adoring student and 'People's Poet' Rik in The Young Ones, ruthless MP Alan B'Stard in The New Statesman, seedy loser Richie in Bottom and larger-than-life characters Robin Hood and flying ace Lord Flashheart from Blackadder.  Narrated by Simon Callow, this programme salutes Rik Mayall and celebrates his part in the UK's comedy history using rare and unseen archive footage. It also features contributions from people who knew or admired him, including Michael Palin, Simon Pegg, Lenny Henry, Ben Elton, Alexei Sayle, Christopher Ryan, Tim McInnerny, Jools Holland, Ruby Wax and Greg Davies. Group of Youtubers enter an abandoned surgery ward for 24-hour challenge, hoping to go viral. They will soon learn that they're not welcome. Catalogue Vol. 6 was shot using a furniture catalogue while audio clips from a horror movie that mention the word "house" or names of rooms, or parts of the house, such as "upstairs," played in the studio so that each shot acquired a random soundtrack. The  lm clips were then organized as a "tour" through the rooms of a house: foyer, living room, dining room, kitchen, study, bath, ending at the bedroom.  A campus urban legend myth comes true when fraternity brothers start to get killed off one by one by the infamous serial killer who used to live in the fraternity house 25 years ago. A Middle Aged Woman named Sheba comes to an Obscure town named Nijhumgarh to be the Governess of a Renowned Household called "Raykuthi". But little did she know about the Bungalow and the dwellers. She gets startled to know that two murders took place there nearly seven years earlier. The Mist of the mysterious happenings get only thicker. Now Sheba could only pray for it to Go Away as incidents transcend the rules of our physical world. Purmy's life turns upside down when he is arrested by the police one morning under the charges of picking a bag containing money, lying on the street. The money was, in fact, ransom money demanded by kidnappers from a wealthy businessman in exchange for his school-going son, John. Purmy clumsily attempts to prove his innocence and that he has nothing to do with the kidnapping, but is, obviously, on the police's radar. With the ongoing investigation, a number of twists and turns make the police suspect everyone, including their own kin. Now unconstrained by an official post, Steve Bannon is free to peddle influence as a perceived kingmaker, who some say still has a direct line to the White House. After anointing himself leader of the "populist movement," he travels around the U.S. and the world spreading his hard-line anti-immigration message. A couple that seems perfect is hiding big secrets from each other. They are all revealed after they meet a psychotic psychologist. Adam Khalil and Bayley Sweitzer's first feature as co-directors, Empty Metal takes place in a world similar to ours--one of mass surveillance, pervasive policing, and increasing individual apathy. The lives of several people, each inhabiting extreme poles of American social and political consciousness, weave together as each attempts to achieve some kind of forward motion, sometimes in contradiction, and always under the eye of far more controlling powers. Set during the last days of the Ottoman Empire, a love triangle develops between Mikael, a brilliant medical student, the beautiful and sophisticated artist Ana, and Chris, a renowned American journalist based in Paris. In the winter of 2117, a runaway vehicle crashes into the Public Safety Bureau Building. The driver is identified as Izumi Yasaka, a psychological counselor at the Sanctuary, a Latent Criminal Isolation Facility in Aomori Prefecture. But right before her interrogation, Enforcer Mika Shimotsuki and Inspector Nobuchika Ginoza are tasked with promptly escorting Yasaka back to Aomori. What awaits them there is a False Paradise. Esther Harrison has it good and got exactly what she wanted in life; steady income two kids and a loving husband but, when a dark figure from her past comes calling, it reveals a secret that will change everything. Following a virus that took the lives of most of the population, John and Micheal have spent their days trying to survive and make sense of their new world. But when they meet the mysterious Karina, who has knowledge of the outside world, their friendship and everything they once knew about the virus and each other will be tested.  A look at the restoration of Ridley Scott's Blade Runner (1982) and the creation of its final cut, including the tweaking and/or erasing of some of the original's beloved goofs. Stock car racer Brad Carlton (Greg Evigan) throws the Mishaw family into a tailspin the night heiress Helen Mishaw slams her car into his motorcycle. He gets romantically involved with Helen Milshaw (Mitzi Kapture), and helps multi-million dollar Milshaw Industries win a valuable government military contract. However, when Brad becomes the victim of sabotage and strange accidents, he realizes someone want to stop him cold - dead cold! When Megan's fiance is killed, she moves cross country and rebuilds her life with a new boyfriend and a closer relationship with her sister. Once she befriends one of her old colleagues, Lloyd, things take a turn for the worst. She realizes he will make her his- no matter the cost.  Megan moves across the country to rebuild her life after a tragedy. When she runs into one of her former colleagues Lloyd, she is pleasantly surprised and the pair become close friends. When he wants more from her, he begins sabotaging everything in Megan's life. Presented in Glorious Cinema - O - ke! A feminist documentarian, a pickup artist, and a virgin's lives collide. Aries Santos is a Fil-Aus feminist documentarian who is struggling to complete her new film. Her subjects are the male members of '(c)TRU MALE DYNAMICS', a company formed to teach men how to seduce women. Meanwhile, a sex worker named Melody slays into the night. The line between reality and fiction blurs, and blood is shed on the neon-lit streets of Melbourne. Based on the Resurrected Victims Phenomenon where murder victims come back to life to avenge the murderer, a prosecutor is suspected of his mother's murder. A quick stop at a remote mobile home turns into a boozy standoff between embittered brothers, with an innocent woman caught in the crossfire. A young boy comes of age in the most peculiar of circumstances. Tonight is the very first time his Papa and Grandpa are taking him to work. In an old wooden boat they row far out to sea, and with no land in sight, they stop and wait. A big surprise awaits the boy as he discovers his family's most unusual line of work. Should he follow the example of his Papa, or his Grandpa? Will he be able to find his own way in the midst of their conflicting opinions and timeworn traditions? Called in to recover evidence in the aftermath of a horrific explosion on a New Orleans ferry, Federal agent Doug Carlin gets pulled away from the scene and taken to a top-secret government lab that uses a time-shifting surveillance device to help prevent crime. Nickie Ferrante's return to New York to marry a rich heiress is well publicized as are his many antics and affairs. He meets a nightclub singer Terry McKay who is also on her way home to her longtime boyfriend. She sees him as just another playboy and he sees her as stand-offish but over several days they soon find they've fallen in love. Nickie has never really worked in his life so they agree that they will meet again in six months time atop the Empire State building. This will give them time to deal with their current relationships and for Nickie to see if he can actually earn a living. He returns to painting and is reasonably successful. On the agreed date, Nickie is waiting patiently for Terry who is racing to join him. Fate intervenes however, resulting in misunderstanding and heartbreak and only fate can save their relationship. Nene Raju Nene Mantri is the story of Radha Jogendra and the love of his life, Radha. His whole world revolves around her and he can go to any lengths to make her happy. But what happens when such profound love takes the shape of cavernous ambition? Happily unattached, the sexually voracious Leila satisfies her desires with a host of rapidly changing bed partners, unconcerned about the emotional consequences. But that all changes when she meets an artist looking for a deeper commitment. An obsessed cop is on the trail of a serial killer prowling the streets of Buffalo, N.Y. but when his teenage daughter disappears, he drops any professional restraint to get the killer. "Botoks" is intended to be a record of the authentic history of strong, determined and expressive physicians who struggle with life's decisions and problems: discrimination, maternity pressures, the pursuit of youth, the fight for the right to free choice and own views.  Is a coming of age love story that follows the lives of four school friends who are trying to figure out their interests and options after school. Sreeram, an ex NRI, along with few other people, gets involved in an easy money-making plan and finds himself amidst unexpected situations. In this unusual ride, each one ends up showing different shades of their personality, revealing how far they are willing to go to fulfill their dreams. A minister, Father Michael, and his wife, Renae, are taking a road trip and end up in a bad car accident. Father Michael wakes up to find out he crashed into a tree and his wife Renae is gone. His journey into a small vacant town results in a great conspiracy involving an artifact known to Bible scholars at the throne of Satan. Eddy Booth and his wife Joan live next door to Bill and Barbie Reynolds Joan and Barbie are best friends, having much in common....that is apart from their husbands! Whilst Eddy is a staunch Socialist, Bill is a cautious Conservative but this is not the only point of contention. The Booths are white, the Reynolds black and Eddy's attitudes on matters of race cannot be considered liberal. Sparks and tempers are about to fly when the two women enter a competition whose theme is Love Thy Neighbour in this light hearted but poignant examination of ignorance and bigotry. A young man with agoraphobia tries to get his sister married to the right guy. When things go horribly wrong, can he overcome his fears and ensure that justice prevails? An honest driver tries to find the owner of a bag, supposedly containing money to fund the marriage of the man's daughter, not realising that it was used by his own father to move a stolen idol. Robert Tisdall finds on the beach the corpse of a woman he knew. Others wrongly conclude that he is the murderer. Fleeing, he desperately attempts to prove that he is not the killer. A young woman becomes embroiled in the effort. A young woman in the Army must make tough decisions when her love for an older woman causes her to question just where she is going. Adapted from Deb Shoval's 2011 short film of the same name. A man wins the hand of a girl after winning in jallikattu, but her relative, who had hopes of marrying her, tries to cause a permanent rift between the couple. A Chicago cop goes to Poland to get the hoods who killed his brother. When he finds out they belong to the local outfit of the Russian mob, he takes on the outfit's boss, as well as Dr. Lem, who handles illegal organ trade for the mob. Five years after her son was killed, Tess Ford is ready to live again. But a one-night romance with a handsome soldier throws her life back into chaos as the young man's attraction turns out to be a frightening obsession. With their Mother dying of cancer, intent on changing her will to benefit her new husband before she dies, two brothers go to extreme and deadly lengths to protect their inheritance from being signed away before it's too late. A young teacher inspires her class of at-risk students to learn tolerance, apply themselves, and pursue education beyond high school. A Malayali family winds up their business in Bengaluru and decides to return to Kerala. While driving down to Kochi, they get chased by a truck In the Korean Classic Horror Movie, A Public Cemetery of Wolha 1967, the tombstone of the kisaeng (Korean geisha) Wol-ha, who dies under a false accusation, is found! Set in the 1930s when Korea was under Japanese rule, a story was told about a girl, Wolhyang. She goes from a student to a kisaeng (Korean geisha) to a wife of a bourgeois man and is finally killed under a false accusation. This is a well-known story in Korea from the Korean classic horror movie, A Public Cemetery of Wolha. The movie, Wol-ha 2017, starts with a setting, where the tombstone of Wol-ha is found by an international collector and the whole process of finding the tomb of Kisaeng Wolhyang is recorded by video. The footages are fully of the mysterious and the grotesque...! Devina a newspaper journalist from Lucknow falls in love with Kashi and things go awry when Kashi's sister Ganga goes missing. A teenage girl, distraught from her vain attempt to connect with her estranged mother, resorts to cutting herself. When she develops an online relationship with an older woman, she learns to accept her sexuality and the endless solitude of sprawling suburbia. A documentary chronicling the real life events that contributed to the evolution of Dane "Isolated Incident" CD and television special. Petar is a retired detective and all he has left is his daughter Iskra. His pensioner's days are interrupted when Iskra disappears. The pursuit to find Iskra begins and the investigation takes Petar back to his past. A fashion photographer gets embroiled in a series of grisly murders. When Seth receives a mysterious letter inviting him to spend the weekend at a secluded mansion in the country, he soon realizes the people inside the house may know him better than he knows himself. Tyler is a surfer who constantly searches for good surfing spots. When he's traveling through Mexico, he finds one of the best places he has ever seen. He invites his brother Colin to join him and his friends in surfing the wild Mexican waves. Colin gathers 4 friends and leaves for Mexico but is surprised that nor his brother nor his brother's friends are there. They start realizing that there's something wrong with the beach, a curse that says that no one will leave the beach alive... The life of a young Jesuit seminarian is turned upside down when he falls in love with a young woman while working as a volunteer at a soup kitchen.  Over the course of one night, Sarah meets the handsome, captivating and smooth talking Lewis, who aims to be the bait in a sick sexual trap set up by himself and his low-life, rich kid housemate Kenneth. When their ruse backfires, Lewis and Sarah are forced into an unlikely alliance with deadly consequences. A mute man with a violent past is forced to take on the teeming underworld of a near-future Berlin as he searches for his missing girlfriend. Paul left the police force after mistakenly killing his partner. Now he is a driver for rich guy who's daughter is kidnapped. He will use his skills to save the girl but he will also uncover secrets the family was hiding for years. When a charming fare named Penny climbs into his taxi cab, Harris, her world-weary driver, finds himself engaged in the only kind of courtship he can have with a passenger -- one that lasts as long as her trip. That is, right up until she disappears from the back seat without a trace. When confusion gives way to reality, he resets his meter and is instantaneously transported back to the moment when she climbed into his cab. As he and Penny find themselves trapped in an endless nighttime cab ride, with only each other for company, secrets will be revealed, truths will come to light, and Harris' entire life will be changed forever. Joe--a down-on-his-luck truck driver haunted by the memory of his deceased wife and child--meets Julie, a spiritually gifted woman who enlists his help in a desperate effort to find the lost soul of her comatose daughter. But the spirit of Joe's dead wife proves stronger, possessing the young woman's body and determined to settle her unfinished business with the living. Kris is a homicide cop with psychic abilities. She works to prove that the prime suspect in her latest case (the much younger husband of the millionaire victim) is innocent. But are her visions true, or planned by someone who knows what she can see? Desperate to find a subject for his next novel, Ernesto Navarro follows the tracks of a mysterious killer, a man obsessed with drinking human blood and becoming immortal. Surreal events force a depressed suburbanite to confront his failures of communication. A young couple inherit a farm and hoping that the rural location might help to patch up their strained marriage, they move into it, only to be confronted by supernatural forces. Sheila O'Malley's insightful visual essay "Watching Gena Rowlands" rounds out the set by focusing on Rowlands' collaborations with Cassavetes. A young man disappears amid talk of violence and demagoguery, leaving behind an obscure cache of letters, postcards, and notebooks. A man's recently transplanted heart leads him on a frantic search to find the donor's killer before a similar fate befalls him. A young woman with a mysterious past lands in Southport, North Carolina where her bond with a widower forces her to confront the dark secret that haunts her. A petty thief posing as an actor is brought to Los Angeles for an unlikely audition and finds himself in the middle of a murder investigation along with his high school dream girl and a detective who's been training him for his upcoming role... Inspired by true events, The Devils Tree follows Samantha, a college student studying journalism, who needs to finish her thesis with one last breaking news story. Along with her friend Rob, Samantha stumbles across a news article about an old tree in a local park where many horrible acts occurred. The locals have given the tree the name Devils Tree because of its urban legends of mass murders, satanic rituals, and paranormal activity. She decides this is the perfect story to finish her thesis on. As Sam digs deeper into the realm of the tree, she begins to uncover the truth about these urban legends. Struggling with her own demons of her past, Samantha is confronted with a the true demon of the tree and now must expose the truth in hopes to set it free. In the end, Samantha founds the real reason why evil is so rooted at The Devils Tree. When five college pals return to rural Wisconsin for their estranged friend's funeral, what begins as an uneasy reunion becomes a terrifying fight for survival. A bored studio photographer, tired of taking repetitive photos for a fashion magazine, spends his nights indulging in his darker obsession: taking photos of the recently deceased. But how far will he go to fulfill his urge? Kate attends her estranged sister's bachelorette party at the request of their dying father. The weekend, held at a remote cabin booked on a home sharing app, turns into a savage life-or-death struggle that pits family against family, and past against present. On another planet in the distant past, a Gelfling embarks on a quest to find the missing shard of a magical crystal and restore order to his world, before the grotesque race of Skeksis find and use the crystal for evil. A woman comes to New York City from Ohio to escape an abusive husband and gets entangled with murderous female vigilantes who prey on abusive men. Gunslinger Jonah Hex (Josh Brolin) is appointed by President Ulysses Grant to track down terrorist Quentin Turnbull (John Malkovich), a former Confederate officer determined on unleashing hell on earth. Jonah not only secures freedom by accepting this task, he also gets revenge on the man who slayed his wife and child. Megan Fox plays a prostitute as well as Jonah Hex's love interst in the film. When Isabelle Wagner takes the plunge to attend her twenty-year high school reunion with her daughter, Sierra, she comes face to face with her past when she is reunited with her former classmate rival, Andrea Turner. When a seemingly changed Andrea insinuates herself into their lives, Isabelle's world comes crashing down and she soon realizes that twenty years hasn't changed Andrea after all. An intelligent android (Michael) constructed by a research team is taken outdoors and successfully passed off as human in a trial run. When the government hears of this, they order their own set of tests in Washington. When the project leader realizes the military want the android for a soldier, he can't accept it, and he and Michael go into hiding to avoid their clutches. In the middle of the 13th century, following the death of "The Iron Sultan, Alaeddin Keykubat," Mongols attack Anatolian Seljuks to destroy the last power against "The Great Khan". Allegiance or independence turns into an issue of debate among the Seljuk statesmen. A secret resistance is possible. A new and stronger state is not a dream. Emir Celaleddin Karatay, Vizier of Seljuks is to sparkle a nationwide resistance. His way is not predictable. A poor single mother, who is trying to turn her life around, is thrust into a fight for survival when her ex-husband relapses and spirals out of control. Derick Abraham, a fiery and dutiful police officer, continues to be the best officer until his brother Philip Abraham gets arrested for false murder charges. Will he be able to investigate the case and serve justice to his brother? An introverted car wash attendant lives a secret second life prowling Prague's streets as a serial killer, until he meets a bartender he can't resist. A Manny Velazquez underground slasher tribute about a number of serial killers on the loose in Chicago and begins a murder spree. Meanwhile,, a young man watches over his friends house over the weekend until he realizes that something is wrong. During a weekend getaway to Joshua Tree, a group of teenagers find themselves under mental and physical assault from a supernatural entity that mimics their appearances as it completes an ancient ritual. On the night that Jasper Jones, the town's mixed race outcast shows him the dead body of young Laura Wishart, Charlie's life is changed forever. Entrusted with this secret and believing Jasper to be innocent, Charlie embarks on a dangerous journey to find the true killer. Set over the scorching summer holidays of 1965, Charlie defeats the local racists, faces the breakup of his parents and falls head over heels in love as he discovers what it means to be truly courageous. The sudden reappearance of the young Vera in a coastal village makes Jordi decide to undertake the search for his father, who has been presumed dead for over twenty years. Contains all three nights concerts in stunning High Definition with high quality Stereo &amp; DTS Master HD Surround sound. This Bluray release also includes all of the Marbles night screen projection films which can be watched in Stereo or 5.1 Surround sound. Various parties and different motives all intersect at an inn on the eve of closure; at the center of everything is an elusive and enigmatic bandit.  A band of mine robbers, a thief and some Japanese soldiers all set out to find a lucrative gold mine, unaware that they're heading right into a trap. At the end of the 19th century, somewhere in the outskirts of the Russian Empire, a doctor administers a lethal overdose of ether to a young woman - the object of his desire. After getting away with his crime, he finds employment in a fortress, where he continues his experiments with ether to manage pain and manipulate human behaviour. Despite his evilness, it is not too late for his soul to be saved from eternal damnation... The gang advances through the darkness of an abandoned city. While the world asks for help, they only seem troubled by destroying the past and burning the roots. They dream of being the primal generation and not belonging to anything. They want to be the new art, to find eternity and finally to disappear. Teenagers, lo-fi science fiction, nihilism, and to cross to the other side. A former cop's ex-wife marries a stockbroker, who it turns out has cheated the Mafia out of a large sum of money. They kidnap the wife to force the husband to pay the money back. The ex-cop has to rescue her. Former race car driver Brent Magna is pitted against the clock. Desperately trying to save the life of his kidnapped wife, Brent commandeers a custom Ford Shelby GT500 Super Snake, taking it and its unwitting owner on a high-speed race against time, at the command of the mysterious villain holding his wife hostage. A gang of ruthless highway killers kidnap a wealthy couple traveling cross country only to shockingly discover that things are not what they seem. A graduate student, who is trying to finish the last of her research on a book project that she hopes will help her down-on-her-luck mother, brings friends to a house with a dark past, where they soon unwittingly summon an evil entity who makes the house part of its game... When a woman's son goes missing and the prime suspect is released due to lack of evidence, she and her teenage daughter decide to play vigilante. A Kabaddi player ends up in a prison after being accused of killing his girlfriend. A nurse is forced to spring a wounded murder suspect from the hospital when the man's brother kidnaps his pregnant wife and wants to make a trade. To stop a terrorist bomber, two estranged tech geniuses (Justin Chatwin, Tomiwa Edun) reunite after the death of their mentor (Gabriel Byrne) to devise a VR technology to extract the terrorist's memories. But the clock is ticking on the next bomb. After his best friend Mikey goes missing, Karl goes on a search mission to find him in the supposed woodlands he was last seen in. During his search, things take an unexpected turn and Karl finds himself up against not only mother natures fury but a hidden secret that the woods harvest. 'Evolution of Evil' is the story of Lori and Christopher, a Pacific Northwest couple wanting to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city into the wilderness. The couple makes their way past the usual campsites, and backpack into the remote Mt. Hood Wilderness area. Sreenivasan gets disfigured in a laboratory accident and is shunned by people once close to him. He marries Ragini, a beautiful woman, but has doubts that she is a demigoddess. Johnny is a successful banker with great respect for and dedication to the people in his life, especially his future wife Lisa. The happy-go-lucky guy sees his world fall apart when his friends begin to betray him one-by-one. An erotic thriller about a young artist whose obsession with a taboo fetish leads to life altering consequences. The Second World War is experienced through the journey of Private Cole, a dramatic study of the contrasting nature between the innocence of childhood and the reality of war, and the emotional struggle that accompanies it. When a veteran African-American street cop is unjustly convicted for the murder of a violent gang-member, he must take his appeal into his own hands to fight for both his life and freedom. What's the difference between love and lust? Between physical and emotional need? Can we ever know?... Does it even matter? After a violent altercation, a runaway youth goes on the lam with a charming beach dweller offering an easy way out, but once they skip town, she quickly realizes that the harrowing past she's running from is one she may never escape. On the trail of an underworld contract killer, a dedicated police officer is thrust into a battle between good vs evil. When a menacing smuggler coolly insists that best-selling author Wes Wilson take a chauffeured backseat ride with him, Wilson's charmed life explodes into a world of violence and espionage, and he learns shocking truths about two women in his life. Three friends are on the verge of getting their video game financed when their benefactor is taken hostage by terrorists. Early Antonioni documentary short on the making of Fumetti (Italian photo comics) and their role in Italian society. Based in the early 90s in Washington DC, this film tells the heartfelt life story of a girl named "Sunny". Like many young girls growing up in an urban community, with the lack of family, Sunny is forced to fend for herself in the violent and rugged streets of DC. Several connected households reveal a highly anticipated ending. Wendy Alden, a young secretary in Portland lacking in self- confidence becomes victim of a savage killer who has claimed the lives of a number of other women. Somehow Wendy finds the resources of courage to fight back and escape. A spiritual search for answers leads the filmmaker to a California workshop run by a guru who promotes sexual adventure -- and the existence of aliens. A couple (Jian RenZi and Andrew Lin) who has been unsuccessfully trying to have a child for a few years, and decides to resort to an old Chinese fertility ritual, that of the "primer": to temporarily adopt a child, who will open the way for their own progeny. They adopt a quiet 7-year-old girl (Wang Yifei) at an orphanage whose supervisors (Hui Shiu Hung and Pat Ha) are obviously not telling them everything. The adopted child is silent, asocial and constantly draws disturbingly dark pictures of her previous family. It doesn't help that her new mother is beset with strange visions that threaten her sanity. The official remake of Malayalam movie Oru Vadakkan Selfie, Meda Meeda Abbayi tells the story of a carefree guy and the various problems that he faces after secretly taking a selfie with his neighbor. When a virologist becomes infected with a new, dangerous bacteria, he decides to quarantine himself in his home and fight to find a cure. Svatopluk Innemann's film Be Prepared! from 1923 portrays the early Czech boy scout movement through a simple story which takes us to a myriad period locations, such as Orlik castle and St John's Rapids, the latter of which no longer exists. An underground fighting circuit run by an international crime syndicate invades a retired MMA champion's small, idyllic island hometown. Syndicate thugs brutally assault his wife and kill his best friend, leaving him with no other choice but to fight for justice. An idol smuggler comes to a village to steal a valuable idol and convinces a local small-time thief to help him. Do they succeed? A happy family returns from a vacation to find their home invaded by a criminal family and must fight for survival. Two Japanese sisters come to Los Angeles for the first time, during their travels they are invited to a Chicken Party, a place to make international friends. At first the party is nice and fun, but by the end of the night it turns into a nightmare and the sister must get out before they are killed. In a timeless Mexico where women are disappearing, a girl helps her dad, a tormented addict, to take care of an abandoned baseball camp where the narcos gather to play. Kate and Joe have longed to be parents and are considering in vitro options... when Danica, a child Kate gave up 17 years ago, appears on Facebook. Danica comes to live with them, but she's not their real child. She's an impostor who will do anything, even kill, to get the mother's love she never had. The Singh family comprises of Shamsher his step-son Sikandar, twins Suraj and Sanjana. They run a business of illegal arms and trade with the help of their friend Yash. Things get dramatic when Jessica meets Sikandar and the family ties are strained under each character's ulterior motives. Working in Dr. Cranley's laboratory, scientist Jack Griffin was always given the latitude to conduct some of his own experiments. His sudden departure, however, has Cranley's daughter Flora worried about him. Griffin has taken a room at the nearby Lion's Head Inn, hoping to reverse an experiment he conducted on himself that made him invisible. But the experimental drug has also warped his mind, making him aggressive and dangerous. He's prepared to do whatever it takes to restore his appearance. An Uber driver experiences a night of terror after picking up a sadistic killer who forces him to participate in a series of violent and twisted road games.  "Look closely at the mountains!": the phrase was coined by artist Manfredo de Souzanetto during Brazil's years of dictatorhsip. Mining activities were destroying the environment in the state of Minas Gerais in the south west of the country. Through editing, Ana Vaz draws parallels between this region and the very distant Nord-Pas-de-Calais in northern France, also marked by over three centuries of mining. On one side, eroded mountains plague its inhabitants with deadly landslides. Hollow and gutted, these mountains become the receptacles of a ghostly memory. On the other side, in France, mining waste stacks become mountains and reservoirs of biodiversity, where the frontier between nature and technology is now indiscernible. 4 stories about 4 criminal children. Two teenagers trapped in a world full of drugs and human trafficking, another two kids bring their loved ones to the limit, other two resentful kids want to fulfill their most evil desires, and one kid who has to decide between killing or loving. Inspired by the popular tale of Red Riding Hood, this Malaysian Tamil slasher film, which gives a dark twist to the story, tells of the painful journey of a girl.  When Zoe's sister, Rachel, ends up dead from an apparent suicide, Zoe takes it upon herself to find out the truth. Through Rachel's diary Zoe is able to follow a trail to a world of nightclubs and the secrets they hold. Garrett is a rising YouTube star. Shell is a deeply emotional fan. When they begin a romantic relationship, he's forced to question whether opening your life to strangers online is an invitation to community and rescue... or to stalking, obsession and madness. In a conservative small town, a young man's wish to coach high school basketball are tweaked by a school board decision that makes him the new coach of the girls' team. Three gangsters are forced to steal a diamond in exchange for their lives. The movie is deals with fear about climate change Dead On Site is the story of a group of media arts majors who decide as a final project to take over a vacant house where a family had been wiped out a year before. They plan to re-enact the murders and web-cast them on a site while they search for clues to the killer. Pojar's wickedly humourous satire pokes gentle fun at a speechmaker so enamoured with the sound of his own voice, he is oblivious to the effect he is having on his audience. Pojar details their bafflement, fidgets, whispers and snores with great imagination. Two Look-A-Like women play a dangerous identity game orchestrated by a manipulative mind. With her son being held captive by a criminal gang, police-officer Amanda Doyle, together with her ex-husband and three unlikely allies, takes part in a desperate plot to hold a wealthy banker and his family to ransom. But this is no ordinary family. In a politically divided America, a man struggles to make it through the Thanksgiving holiday without destroying his family. Tae-jung, the part-time worker of a DVD room, hides drugs in room #7 in exchange for wiping off his debt. When he goes back to the room to retrieve the drugs but realizes that the door is completely locked down by his employer, who also has secretly hidden a dead body inside. A dangerous battle of wits ensues between a man who must lock away the secret behind the door, and another, who must go inside. Two middle-aged men embark on a spiritual journey through Californian wine country. One is an unpublished novelist suffering from depression, and the other is only days away from walking down the aisle. Buster's handmade boat, The Damfino, is finished and is, of course, too large to get through the basement door. When he drives off with it in tow, the side of his house, then the whole thing, collapses. At the harbor he rides the boat out only to have it sink beneath him. The rest is a series of adventures he and his family have with the restored boat. Taxi driver David, who's doomed after a terminal cancer diagnosis, accidentally kills hotel owner Patrick in a car crash. Patrick's girlfriend takes over his hotel by a lake in Hong Kong, which is soon plagued by serial suicidal incidents. Based on the novel of the same name by Cixin Liu, the first in the Remembrance of Earth's Past trilogy. Hundreds of physicists died mysteriously. A Chinese nanomaterials expert, Wang Miao, sees a mysterious countdown in his eyes. Soon he finds out that the "disastrous planet" under three suns in a game really exists. The three-body civilization there will reach the Earth in 400 years. A future catastrophe is coming for humanity... In order to save her son's life, Ana embarks on a quest to find a powerful stone from the Zone of Silence in Mexico. Someone finds out the power the stone possesses and believes it is a power worth killing for. Sarah, an abused 16-year-old girl, is sent to a ranch for abuse survivors, and she meets Dreamer, a horse which has also suffered abuse. Together, Sarah and Dreamer overcome terrifying obstacles to find redemption. B.Tech Babulu is a Telugu movie starring Ashwini and Novel KIshore in prominent roles. The movie also stars Vizag Shankar and Shakalaka Shankar. It is a romantic comedy directed by Seenu Imandi with Ajay Patnayak as musician, forming part of the crew. The film follows Kamala, a young woman from Chitkul village and her girl child Manya, who embarks on a journey leaving their native land in search for her missing husband. Along this journey she encounters Nawazudin, a free spirited army deserter who helps them to get to their destination with his own selfish motive. In 1947, a magician, Seok-jin plans the most elaborate trick to find out hidden conspiracy in his fiance's death. Madame Tang colludes and mediates between the government and the private businesses for the benefits of her all-female family. One case does not go according to plan, and an entire family close to Madame Tang fall victim to a gruesome murder. Ambition, desire and lust eventually change Tang's relationships with her own family forever. After a night of binge drinking, a youngster decides to invite a call girl home on the advice of his friend. When the girl ends up dead in his apartment in his absence, he has to track down the person who could have murdered her. When Josie's ex-husband Michael walks back into her life to expand their flower business, his estranged wife Laura seems determined to make Josie's life a living hell. Tensions boil over when Laura breaks into Josie's house and Michael is forced to kill her out of self-defense. Only after Josie's eyewitness testimony gets Michael off the hook for murder, does Josie realize that the entire series of events was staged by Michael as an elaborate ploy to murder Laura. Veronica, a top diva who suddenly falls ill, moved to a remote house where she won't be disturbed by anyone. But something strange started to happen around the house. A sly riff on the Prodigal Son story, Mika Kaurismaki's latest -- about a joyless workaholic concert pianist who ends up on a wild ride with his long-lost rapscallion father -- is a funny and cogent analysis of machismo, abandonment issues and the value of reconnecting with one's roots. (TIFF) The story of Kariya 2 revolves around Kariya, a small-time local goon who is employed by an influential underworld don. All is well with Kariya until he falls in love with Janaki, which leads to several unfortunate events that change their life completely. A man is trapped in a mine shaft by his vengeful brother while his daughter embarks on a magical journey to rescue him. Julia and her friends, celebrating their high school graduation in Croatia, find themselves the targets of a masked killer who begins picking them off, one by one. In a bustling Tel Aviv, a man suffering from insomnia tries to remember if someone actually shot him in one the city's underground parking garages. He no longer knows what is real or a dream while the city increasingly reflects the human condition. A young woman wakes up in a hotel room in Shanghai from that dream by a mysterious phone call. A fragmented conversation with a stranger who seems to also be a lover, rolls into a dazed odyssey in what seems like another dream amidst nocturnal Shanghai. When timid bank clerk Stanley Ipkiss discovers a magical mask containing the spirit of the Norse god Loki, his entire life changes. While wearing the mask, Ipkiss becomes a supernatural playboy exuding charm and confidence which allows him to catch the eye of local nightclub singer Tina Carlyle. Unfortunately, under the mask's influence, Ipkiss also robs a bank, which angers junior crime lord Dorian Tyrell, whose goons get blamed for the heist. The life of a surveillance specialist turns topsy-turvy when a womanizer starts blackmailing his wife. The former tries to nab him using his power and expertise in technology A boy is haunted by memories (and perhaps more) in the wake of his sister's death. "The Rock-afire Explosion" is the story of a small-town disc-jockey, a struggling inventor, and an animatronic rock band, that quickly becomes an eccentric portrait of childhood memories, broken dreams, and the resilience of the human spirit. After serving fifteen years for murder, Callahan returns home to find Sean, his victim's father, searching for the body. With no memory of the murder, Callahan soon realises that the only way to get rid of Sean is to help him dig.  Escaped convict Sam Gillen single-handedly takes on ruthless developers who are determined to evict a widow with two young children. In a small canal town, a rapist lurks in the shadows. A schoolgirl, a young woman and a young couple, all seem unable to cope with both the visible and the hidden dangers they all face from their morally corrupted compatriots. Eager to escape the grief and nightmares of the city, Louis Olsen travels to Southwest Minnesota, seeking the peace of the rural countryside. When he accidentally disturbs the grave of a supposed local 'witch' Mary Jane Terlinden, what began as a peaceful reprieve unravels into a haunting nightmare from which Louis cannot escape - but is it all just in his head? Appalachian filmmakers join together to produce three horrifying, suspenseful, and strange tales. In "Pretty Girl", a young woman escapes a maniac kidnapper by fleeing into the Appalachian wilderness. Aided by a group of friendly hikers, she must escape the woods or face her darkest fears. "Man Vs Ghost" is the story of an over-the-top host of a public access ghost-hunting show and his sister, who fear that some "ghosts" may be following her home. Desperate for a season finale he can sell to the Travel Channel, the "Ghost Man" tries to cash in on his sister's paranoia to produce the perfect episode, but may get more than he bargained for. An average Joe is kidnapped and trapped in makeshift death match arena in "The Room". Forced to fight or be killed, he must find the will to survive against all odds. Three, 30-minute short films by filmmakers from Northeast Tennessee in the heart of Appalachia. A proud son hires a documentary filmmaker to immortalise his father's legacy. Tensions flare up between filmmaker and subject-and a rookie cameraman is caught in the cross fire-as the three travel across France unearthing family secrets. When loser Marvin Mange is involved in a horrible car accident, he's brought back to life by a deranged scientist as half man and half animal. His newfound powers are awesome -- but their adverse side effects could take over his life. Now, Marvin must fight to control his crazy primal urges around his new squeeze, Rianna, and his rival, Sgt. Sisk, who both think he's one cool cat. Meet Nikola Tesla, the genius engineer and tireless inventor whose technology revolutionized the electrical age of the 20th century. Although eclipsed in fame by Edison and Marconi, it was Tesla's vision that paved the way for today's wireless world. His fertile but undisciplined imagination was the source of his genius but also his downfall, as the image of Tesla as a mad scientist came to overshadow his reputation as a brilliant innovator. Pete Sandich is a reckless fire-fighting pilot who is killed in what was to have been his final mission. Ascending to Heaven, Pete is introduced to business-like angel who instructs the spectral Pete to pass on his aviation knowledge to his young successor. While doing so, Pete also smoothes the course of romance for his earthly girlfriend who, after several months of grieving, finally falls in love with another man. Detective Lucas McCarthy finally apprehends "Meat Cleaver Max" and watches the electric chair execution from the audience. But killing Max Jenke only elevated him to another level of reality. Now Lucas' family is under attack, his sanity in question, and his house haunted. Aided by a disreputable college professor, can Lucas reclaim his mind, house, and family? Features Lance Henriksen as the Lucas McCarthy and Brion James as Max Jenke. One of the few movies featuring these actors as main characters. A group of college kids on Fall break find themselves in a bad situation when they become stranded at the infamous Camp Blood. Fresh from seminary school, a new Reverend embarks on his first parish: A small, low-maintenance chapel based in the idyllic setting of a quiet country village. While on the surface the village seems to be a peaceful parish, with perfect residents, soon it becomes apparent that something more sinister lurks beneath the facade of a local businessman. On a wet, cold night, a mysterious girl visits the Reverend at the chapel. She is welcomed in warmly, but soon it becomes apparent that her visit is not for sanctuary but to deliver a message, a message in the form of a deep, bloody bite... Awoken with an unknown, uncontrollable thirst, the confused Reverend can't find any evidence of the girl from the night before. With nothing but his thirst and memory of the bite, the Reverend embarks on a mandate to clean up the village and the neighboring estate...by preaching or feasting. Jacob, a manager at a big financial firm, finds himself behind bars when he tries to save the woman he loves from being involved in a criminal case. The only way for him to survive and to escape was to break out of prison. How he plans and executes the prison break forms the crux of the movie. When Babo and his brother-in-law Memo, who is also part of Cenk's clique, go in search of the alleged culprit Serkan, no one is aware yet of the effects this little dizziness would bring. Serkan is threatened, kidnapped, beaten and no longer moves. Memo panics, feels guilty and laments the dreams he has had for a long time and that he did not want all that. He confesses that he has consumed all the cocaine alone with Cenk and his friends, exposing lies to his brother-in-law. At the end of the film, Babo realizes that he may have killed an innocent man.  Is life perfect? It happens. When the spouses have strong, stable relations, connected not only by marriage, but also by the joint business that Tatiana received from her father, and her husband Mark manages all the affairs of the late father-in-law construction company. But if you look into the keyhole and take a closer look, the ideal will suddenly seem imperfect, and a hint of hatred will appear in love and decency. What can break a strong family bond? Passion or deceit? Treason or thirst for vengeance? And if high feelings and low human passions mix up, intertwine and drag on with a strong knot, which can be unleashed only by death? In Victorian England, literary siblings Emily and Charlotte Bront vie for the affection of the Reverend Arthur Nichols. Along with their sister Anne, Emily and Charlotte also try to help their tormented brother Branwell, a gifted artist whose life is being destroyed by alcohol. Six strangers find themselves in circumstances beyond their control, and must use their wits to survive. Lucid Dreaming forces the dreamer's dreamworld to merge with his waking one. But at what cost to the dreamer's grasp on reality? Dreams are doorways, but what are they really for? And, if you feel you must know, beware the TRICKSTER. Jack Hammond is sentenced to life in prison, but manages to escape. To get away from the police he takes a girl as hostage and drives off in her car. The girl happens to be the only daughter of one of the richest men in the state. In a while the car chase is being broadcast live on every TV-channel. One year after Pohjola Manor incident the Masked Man is back again. Giacomo befriends a man, believing that he is the reincarnation of his dead father. During a brutal home invasion, Casey is almost killed, but a mysterious entity appears and offers to keep her alive - but at what price? A modern day take on silent films blended with horror. Martina starts a relationship with Filip, a young man who spends most of his time playing video games. After Martina convinces Filip to steal her father's money to go to the Party Beach, everything turns into a bloody nightmare. As they celebrate their high school graduation, four friends are involved in a hit-and-run accident when their car hits and apparently kills a pedestrian on an isolated roadway. They dispose of the body and vow to keep the incident a secret, a year later somebody starts sending them letters bearing the warning "I Know What You Did Last Summer". On an island off the coast of North America, local residents simultaneously fight a zombie epidemic while hoping for a cure to return their un-dead relatives back to their human state. Susan Morrow receives a book manuscript from her ex-husband - a man she left 20 years earlier - asking for her opinion of his writing. As she reads, she is drawn into the fictional life of Tony Hastings, a mathematics professor whose family vacation turns violent. Sadie, a young female novelist, and an enigmatic woman named Francesca, are enticed by an ex-lover to join him at his Italian villa for a weekend celebration being held to honor the release of Sadie's latest book. Once there, Sadie begins to fear his true intentions as she and Francesca become embroiled in a dangerous game of moral and sexual discovery. A blind employee at a New England lodge is in danger when a gang of killers arrives to stay at the lodge.  The haunted Captain of a Soviet submarine holds the fate of the world in his hands. Forced to leave his family behind, he is charged with leading a covert mission cloaked in mystery. As four teenage graffiti artists run from the police, they hide in an old abandoned schoolhouse. They quickly discover that someone else is already using the building for their own dark purposes. On Halloween night, a serial killer returns from the dead to take revenge on the vigilantes who put him to death one year earlier. The tentative romance between a gentle Madrid labourer and a working single mother becomes a struggle for survival when the woman's violent boyfriend returns from prison, in the gritty, suspenseful debut feature from Spanish actor Raul Arevalo. While attending a party at James Franco's house, Seth Rogen, Jay Baruchel and many other celebrities are faced with the apocalypse. A young woman's peaceful life is disrupted when an injured man suddenly enters her life. A teenager and his mother find themselves besieged by threatening forces when they move into a new house. Filmmaker and comedian Kevin Smith returns to EPIX with an all new special, taped in front of a sell out audience in Sydney, Australia Joined by his notorious cohort Jason Mewes, this off-the-cuff uncensored hour is filled with ribald and cautionary tales about everything from Australian children's television to mythical Australian drop bears This is one of the five films legendary director Lucio Fulci supervised in 1989 to re-use some of the gory bits for his 1990 gorefest "A Cat in the Brain". "Bloody Psycho" features a haunted castle plus wimpy doctor Vogler,who is performing some sort of a psychic therapy on lesbian owner of the place. The parents of two young men assassinated in the drug trafficking war, looking to clean the names of their sons accused of being hired assassins armed to the teeth. Impetuous Love in Action is a 2014 Chinese-Hong Kong romantic comedy action film directed by Frankie Chan and produced by Jackie Chan Film starring Bhanumathi Ramakrishna, Padmin and M.G. Ramachandran Rhonda Fleming shines as Pamela, an American film star who falls in love with coffee grower Claudio (Rossano Brazzi) while in Brazil. When the two are hastily married, Pamela finds herself entwined in a clash of cultures in this rarely seen romantic comedy. The four upper-class bohemian friends Krill, Kicki, Julle, and Baggy meet up at Krills family's island in the archipelago. It has been five years since the car accident they experienced together and at first, everything seems 'back to normal' but Krill is starting to notice Baggys weird behavior. He is up to something and Krill doesn't really recognize his old friend. Krill slowly starts to doubt everything, his memory, his friends and even his own sanity. A feeling inside him has come to life and the past is creeping in on him. When Chelsea meets up with her estranged childhood best friend, Milla, she's unprepared for the events that follow. Milla, who is now a webcam girl briefly catches Chelsea on camera during one of her shows. Unbeknownst to her, Chelsea has now been exposed to a watcher who becomes obsessed and will stop at nothing to have her to himself. Project Peshawar is a 2017 Pakistani multi-lingual telefilm 7 Roshan Vila is a suspense thriller and a revenge story. Tejswini the daughter of a rich Pharmaceutical company's owner, who marries Prasad, a middle class individual who becomes the "Gharjavai" and later on acquires his father-in-law's company. Tejaswini frequently hallucinates and is on medicines. In between all of this Prasad is pushing her to mental breakdown by constantly telling her that she is not mentally unstable. He also has an affair forming a love triangle. The story takes a new turn when Twjaswini starts forming ideas for Revenge on Prasad leading to attempted murders. While investigating a murder case, police commissioner Richard Lenders meets a group of physicists who are supposed to help him decipher the complex formulas found with the corpse. When Lenders and his colleague, however, discover a chip in the victim's head during the autopsy, they are confronted with the absurd possibility that the body might be from a completely different age. Another murder occurs, and there seem to be similarities in the two cases. While the inspectors try to find the murderer, Lenders experiences an increasing desire: could he use the chip to prevent further murders and change his own life story? A hundred years after a mutiny by warlords in Beijing, a building restorer encounters supernatural phenomena in a mansion on 81 Chaoyangmennei Street. A coming-of-age story about an eleven-year-old girl who idolizes her troubled sixteen-year-old neighbor. In the summer of 1947, various men and women gather at a mansion in the countryside at the invitation of Kazuma Utagawa.  They are artists, novelists, poets, painters, playwrights, actresses, etc.  Then the murders begin, one after another.  The incident seemed to have no continuity... Scottish orphan David Balfour (Lawrence Douglas) is betrayed by his wicked uncle Ebeneezer (Donald Pleasance), who arranges for David to be kidnapped and sold into slavery so that Unk can claim his inheritance. The boy is rescued and befriended by Alan Breck (Michael Caine), a Scottish rebel fighting on behalf of his country's independence from the British (did we tell you that the film takes place during late 18th century?) Both David and Alan undergo several exhilarating adventures before Alan comes to realize that the rebellion is doomed from the start, and David foils his uncle's greedy machinations. (AllMovie) When a charming fare named Penny climbs into his taxi cab, Harris, her world-weary driver, finds himself engaged in the only kind of courtship he can have with a passenger -- one that lasts as long as her trip. That is, right up until she disappears from the back seat without a trace. When confusion gives way to reality, he resets his meter and is instantaneously transported back to the moment when she climbed into his cab. As he and Penny find themselves trapped in an endless nighttime cab ride, with only each other for company, secrets will be revealed, truths will come to light, and Harris' entire life will be changed forever. Posing for a portrait, Dorian Gray talks with Lord Henry Wotton, who says that men should pursue their sensual longings, but laments that only the young get to do so. Taken with the idea, Dorian imagines a scenario in which the painting will age as he stays youthful. His wish comes true, and his boyish looks aid him as he indulges his every whim. But when a stunning revelation forces him to see what he's become, Dorian faces some very dangerous questions. Jay is a man with a secret who travels from Britain to Pakistan to attend a wedding--armed with duct tape, a shotgun, and a plan to kidnap the bride-to-be. Jay and his hostage end up on the run across the border and through the railway stations, back alleys, and black markets of New Delhi.  Private school principal Khongorzul is a single mom, lives with her teenage daughter Tsetseg and disabled son Jargal. When Tsetseg, 19 years old, dancer falls in love with a 10 years older drug dealer Tugs: Khongorzul and her family's life changes forever. Trying to find out, whom her daughter hangs out with Khongorzul investigates and in one freak confrontation she accidentally kills her daughter's boyfriend. She hides the dead body and tries to live with her life as normal as possible. Dandar, an about-to-retire detective gets one last job to find Tugs and he gets on Khongorzul's murder trial. Dandar finds out Tugs was a drug dealer and a womanizer and his murder was just an accident and instead of turning Khongorzul in, Dandar helps her to get away with murder. Two boys and a young girl struggle for their lives and suffer horrible abuse at the hands of their caretakers during their stay at an orphanage.  Taken from the orphanage they are thrown to the streets where their journey to survive will force them to fight for their very lives. Two of them find romance while the third is abducted, to be groomed for membership in the mafia. A powerful and mysterious person in the shadows monitors and influences their lives from afar. In a series of Machiavellian moves, this antagonist orchestrates a series of seemingly innocuous coincidences that move the three of them even closer to the final conflict culminating in the perfect opportunity for spectacular revenge. Their paths are very different but the ghosts of from the past will eventually bring them back together... Vint is in a troubled marriage. After taking a road trip with his wife they are abducted leaving him for dead and his wife missing. Months later he awakens from a coma, returns home and starts to get his life back in order. Mia his young sister-in-law moves in to take care of him as he recovers. After evidence comes forth and authorities have long given up. The two team up and return to the small town where his wife was last seen. They are led down a violent rabbit-hole where they might not find out the truth behind her disappearance. Liu (Stephen Fung) awaits execution after he is convicted of murdering his friends. According to Chinese superstition, the souls of the dead have 49 days to wander the earth before going to heaven or hell for an eternity. Liu and his lawyer (Gilian Chung) must find a way to intersect with the spirits to prove his innocence. In Los Angeles, a gang of bank robbers call themselves The Ex-Presidents commit their crimes while wearing masks of Reagan, Carter, Nixon and Johnson. The F.B.I. believes that the members of the gang could be surfers and send young agent Johnny Utah undercover at the beach to mix with the surfers and gather information. Against the backdrop of a military dictatorship, Eugenia is reunited with her estranged family following her father's stroke and is forced to confront dark secret. This examination of a famous scandal from the 1970s explores the relationship between Barbara Baekeland and her only son, Antony. Barbara, a lonely social climber unhappily married to the wealthy but remote plastics heir Brooks Baekeland, dotes on Antony, who is homosexual. As Barbara tries to "cure" Antony of his sexuality -- sometimes by seducing him herself -- the groundwork is laid for a murderous tragedy. The Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) is a most dangerous zone in the world, which was established on July 27, 1953 when the Armistice Agreement was signed during the Korean War. And now in the DMZ... the struggle for survival of the female police who started to step on the landmine while chasing the jailbreaker. She only has Bluetooth, a revolver, and courage! Scottish orphan David Balfour (Lawrence Douglas) is betrayed by his wicked uncle Ebeneezer (Donald Pleasance), who arranges for David to be kidnapped and sold into slavery so that Unk can claim his inheritance. The boy is rescued and befriended by Alan Breck (Michael Caine), a Scottish rebel fighting on behalf of his country's independence from the British (did we tell you that the film takes place during late 18th century?) Both David and Alan undergo several exhilarating adventures before Alan comes to realize that the rebellion is doomed from the start, and David foils his uncle's greedy machinations. (AllMovie) Secure within a desolate home as an unnatural threat terrorizes the world, a man has established a tenuous domestic order with his wife and son, but this will soon be put to test when a desperate young family arrives seeking refuge. A stranger comes to a coastal village and gets into a tiff with the local gangster and his son. He is on the run... But the hunters are not so far behind... After David Kim's 16-year-old daughter goes missing, a local investigation is opened and a detective is assigned to the case. But 37 hours later and without a single lead, David decides to search the one place no one has looked yet, where all secrets are kept today: his daughter's laptop. A young woman, muted after a sexual assault as a child, is trained to seek violent revenge on those who have wronged her after being kidnapped and forced to work as a prostitute. Andrey, a detective and the world's most horrible father, brings together a terrible group of people in his apartment: his resentful actress daughter, an angry thug, and a cheated cop. Each one of them has a reason to want revenge..  A young dancer in a pit of despair that leads her towards self-destruction meets a doctor, who is bearing the infamy of a malpractice case. The beginning of a spiral in which fascination and madness squirm in a nightmarish love story, and where sex explores areas of extreme fetishism. The film deals with the subject of marital jealousy in the framework of a comedy, revolves around couples who suffer from crises inside their homes. Dr. Mamdouh suffers from the jealousy of his wife (Mona) despite his love and devotion to her. On the other hand, his brother Masoud has a problem with his wife Mahasen that she is always busy with the house and children. Their cousin Ezzat suggests to them following his style with his wife (Saneyah) as he betrays her, but at the same time, he shows her love and attention. Mamdouh and Masoud are convinced of the idea and start implementing it. This is the beginning of many paradoxes and comedies. An ambitious investigative reporter, uncovers an ominous government conspiracy and immediately finds himself in their cross hairs. Now, he must race against time to stay alive and expose the proposed legislation before it is voted into law. After capturing an illegal act of police violence on his cellphone, a Brooklyn street hustler sets off a series of events that alter the lives of a local police officer and a star high-school athlete. 20 years before, a middle-aged man lost his way in the mysterious deep forest in the midnight. After several days, he came back to village. However, as some strange things happened in the village, villagers thought the man was haunted by ghosts. After 20 years, the man had become the boss of a small restaurant, but he was still immersed in his horrible memory 20 years before. Afterwards, many mysterious things happened one after another. Therefore , Feifan, an editor ,his girlfriend Shuya, a hypnotist and their friends decided to go to the forest and uncover the truth 20 years before, and the man acted as their guide. Career criminal Youngblood Priest wants out of the Atlanta drug scene, but as he ramps up sales, one little slip up threatens to bring the whole operation down before he can make his exit. After their mother passes away, sisters Nicole and Annie reluctantly return to their childhood home to pay their last respects. While staying overnight in the house, the sisters sense a mysterious presence in their midst: noises startling them in the night, objects moving about, a fallen picture of an unknown woman posed next to their mother. Annie begins experiencing a series of intense and disturbing dreams - visions that lead her to uncover something terrible about her mother's past that is finally revealing itself. As Jon makes a run for it, he finds himself on an expedition across the Southwest, where he encounters wild and crazy characters through a series of twisted and dark foibles. While his misadventure teaches him a valuable lesson about friendship and loyalty, the Mortician carries the story home with more than a few surprises. A highly respected priest conspires with his mistress to poison both her husband and his own wife. Yamraaj (Gulshan Grover), has a major hold in the underworld, and has got his own stylish life fall of luxuries. Seeing this, Birju (Mithun Chakraborty) and Krishna (Jackie Shroff), dream to become Yamraaj one day. Inspector Dharamveer (Prem Chopra), warns them not to indulge in completion of this dream, but they wont listen to him. They start working for Yamraaj, and slowly impress Yamraaj with their work and get lots of money and other luxuries. One day an incident makes Krishna feel whether this life is good or the life they were living before this was better. He decides to part ways from this underworld and live the normal life of humanity. Now, Birju is alone to reach to his goal of becoming Yamraaj while Krishna starts helping police. Will Yamraaj let Krishna live? Will Birju get to reach his dream? What was that incident that changed Krishna alive? Will Birju and Krishna solve their fight? This is what the story is all about. David Callaway tries to piece together his life in the wake of his wife's suicide and has been left to raise his nine-year-old daughter, Emily on his own. David is at first amused to discover that Emily has created an imaginary friend named 'Charlie', but it isn't long before 'Charlie' develops a sinister and violent side, and as David struggles with his daughter's growing emotional problems, he comes to the frightening realisation that 'Charlie' isn't just a figment of Emily's imagination. In this classic home invasion horror, a babysitter has to protect her child and get them out before it's too late. When single mom Stephanie gets engaged to single dad Jameson she receives an anonymous stalker's threat: "Break off the engagement or I'll kidnap your daughter!" The threats continue and her daughter is taken, but Stephanie will learn the kidnapper is really on her side, and trying to warn her of an even greater danger.  A married woman's life turns upside down when she learns her husband is married to another woman. When Virginia and her husband Jack spend a long weekend in the idyllic countryside, they encounter a creature that tears their lives apart. While the attack has an effect on each of them, it brings out the worst in Jack. Following the disappearances of their loved ones, two brave hearts - Captain Ram and a youngster named Siva Surya - set out to find them. Their investigations lead them on a journey full of peril and adventure, and trouble looms large as they step closer to the truth. Evil assassins want to kill Daniel Kublbock, the third runner up for the German Idols. Loosely-plotted melodrama about five "hostesses" and the owners of a waterfront nightclub. Three friends discover a dead body while on a camping trip, but cannot agree on whether or not to tell the police. New York in the 1920s. Max Perkins, a literary editor is the first to sign such subsequent literary greats as Ernest Hemingway and F. Scott Fitzgerald. When a sprawling, chaotic 1,000-page manuscript by an unknown writer falls into his hands, Perkins is convinced he has discovered a literary genius. Nirdosh overview. In this classic home invasion horror, a babysitter has to protect her child and get them out before it's too late. A businessman must explain to his lawyers how he came to be found in a locked hotel room with his dead partner, whose body was covered in money. A crazy squirrel provokes a dog into trying to catch him throughout the picture. A lady cop takes interest in the case of a pregnant minor girl and her lover. But there's a twist in the case, and can she right a wrong, despite pressure from superiors? Four young women travel to their college professor's new country home for a weekend getaway, only to discover that the house has a malevolent past. 'Cocuklar Sana Emanet' meaning 'Children's Safety to you" The story about an interior architect Kerem (Engin Akyurek) recovering from traumatic car accident then spends time with healer woman and people of a village. But It is full of mysteries, suspense & hope. Two bodies are recovered in a reservoir. They are of a married couple who now leaves behind two orphaned young adult children. When Angela, the cop tasked to investigate the deaths, breaks the news to the couple's daughter Connie, Angela is stunned. Not only does the cool and undeterred Connie already know about the deaths, she claims she's responsible for them. So begins the mystery, but also the relationship between confessor, whose tragic backstory we learn about in flashbacks, and her investigator, who has parental troubles of her own. Film starring Krishna Ghattamaneni, Rajanala and Mukkamala Jailed for his reckless driving, rambunctious Mr. Toad has to escape from prison when his beloved Toad Hall comes under threat from the wily weasels, who plan to build a dog food factory on the very meadow sold to them by Toad himself. This fantastic roller-coaster ride of hilarious adventures was both written and directed by Terry Jones, who also plays the central role of Mr. Toad. Alongside three former Pythons are a gallery of well-known faces all bringing wit and wonder to a feast of colourful characters. An absolutely charming film to delight children and adults alike, The Wind in the Willows is a perfect updating of Kenneth Grahame's well-loved children's classic. Jeeva  is an engineering graduate with loving parents who seem to have an obsession with the retro era. The girl he falls in love with, Jo, lives with her sister's family. But what happens when their lives start mirroring with another couple's? It's Christmas Eve, 1986, and Borja is a precocious teenager with a passion for film. As his extended family comes together to celebrate the holiday, the combined forces of the suffocating Chilean heat, free-flowing drinks, and repressed desire contribute to the eruption of long-held secrets. This hypnotic story from Chile is both an enticing family melodrama and an explicit erotic thriller about the ways that passion and desire control our lives - from our pop-culture tastes to our sexual fantasies. The mile high city is rocked when an ancient Egyptian menace comes to town, and the Denver Ghostbusters must return to save the universe once more. OK Mein Dhokhe is an upcoming Indian 2016 Bollywood drama thriller film, directed by Utpal S. Chaudhary, under the banners of Meow Music Company and Lotus Media & Films. The film is set to release on 18 March 2016. Documentary of war atrocities with newsreel footage of concentration camps. When troubled musical prodigy Charlotte seeks out Elizabeth, the new star pupil of her former school, the encounter sends both musicians down a sinister path with shocking consequences. A behind-the-scenes look at the beloved public television personality's journey from humble beginnings to an American pop-culture icon. "The Happy Painter" reveals the public and private sides of Bob Ross through loving accounts from close friends and family, childhood photographs and rare archival footage.  Interviewees recount his gentle, mild-mannered demeanor and unwavering dedication to wildlife, and disclose little-known facts about his hair, his fascination with fast cars and more.  Film clips feature Bob Ross with mentor William Alexander and the rough-cut of the first "Joy of Painting" episode from 1982. Famous Bob Ross enthusiasts, including talk-show pioneer Phil Donahue, film stars Jane Seymour and Terrence Howard, chef Duff Goldman and country music favorites Brad Paisley and Jerrod Niemann, provide fascinating insights into the man, the artist and his legacy. Fischer can't remember the last time he woke up without a hangover. He lives in a church: a real one. Where people baptize, marry, pray and die. It's an ideal situation for a young guy with no aspirations: if he locks up the church, he can sleep in the back. Free of charge. 6:00am. Tuesday morning. Fischer's old friend from high school shows up unannounced. Even though they haven't seen each other in years, Peter just drove 10 hours straight because his girlfriend of five years just cheated on him. He's looking for a place to hide. To think. To drink. What better place than Fischer's church? After leaving 50 unanswered voice-mails, Rudy shows up four days later. That's Peter's girlfriend. She didn't cheat on him. She did something much worse. French cinema meets Florida thriller as Sarasota detectives struggle to find the whereabouts of two missing girls from an uncooperative Frenchman staying in a cheap motel. A policeman begins a revenge against a drug leader after the death of his brother. In his crusade take the help of a friends and the ex-girlfriend of drug leader.  Poetic, experimental and different, Container is described by Lukas Moodysson as "a black and white silent movie with sound" and with the following words; "A woman in a man's body. A man in a woman's body. Jesus in Mary's stomach. The water breaks. It floods into me. I can't close the lid. My heart is full." Alyssa moves into a luxury apartment complex but is unaware she is being watched by her disturbed landlord, Robert, via hidden cameras. Robert will do anything to fill the void left by his estranged daughter-even if that means replacing her. In 1630s New England, William and Katherine lead a devout Christian life with five children, homesteading on the edge of an impassable wilderness, exiled from their settlement when William defies the local church. When their newborn son vanishes and crops mysteriously fail, the family turns on one another. A married couple suspect that the 'smart apartments' in their high tech residence are being used by its owner for sinister reasons. When mechanic Jeff Obold meets the wealthy and mysterious Bruno Rubin, he is exposed for the first time to the finer things in life. But Jeff soon discovers the source of Rubin's power: a caged creature called a "Darkling," which possesses the power to create incredible wealth for the person who will pledge unending "companionship." A group of journalists covering George Bush's planned invasion of Iraq in 2003 are skeptical of the presidents claim that Saddam Hussein has "weapons of mass destruction." Kiriti Roy and his wife Krishna goes to Puri for their honeymoon, where Kiriti meets his longtime neighbor Kali Sarkar. Kali is a gold merchant and a master in mathematics and chess. However, Kali suddenly goes missing and Kiriti gets involved in the case. As Kiriti unravels the mystery, he comes face to face with some interesting and shocking facts about Kali's life, his business and also the motives behind the series of unwanted incidents that take place. To cover up his infidelities and protect his upcoming marriage, a star advertiser helps free an accused rapist by giving a false alibi and suffers the brutal revenge of the victim. The Bouncer tells the story of Danny Martin a reluctant one man fighting machine tasked with cleaning up the roughest night spot in town without getting himself killed in the process. Three college students play a challenge game called Odds Are... It quickly erupts into a nightmare for the participants who find themselves caught in an unpredictable web of deceit and survival. Based on actual events. Gabriel Knight is a horror novelist and bookstore owner who has been haunted by nightmares. Hoping to write a bestselling book on Voodoo, Gabriel ventures out into New Orleans to do the research he needs. But over the next few days, he gets himself too close to darkness itself and begins to learn the meaning of his dreams. Once he discovers an old curse that he is the center of, Gabriel is no longer an author hunting for ideas, but a tormented man fighting for his very soul. Looking to investigate recruitment techniques of ISIS to lure women into Syria, Amy Whitaker, a journalist, creates a Facebook profile of a Muslim convert. When an ISIS recruiter contacts her online character, she experiences the process first hand. After his best friend Mikey goes missing, Karl goes on a search mission to find him in the supposed woodlands he was last seen in. During his search, things take an unexpected turn and Karl finds himself up against not only mother natures fury but a hidden secret that the woods harvest. When Gene, a maniacally deranged computer-game designer, gets dumped by his beautiful artist wife, he devises a masochistic plan for revenge. Taking his spouse prisoner, Gene locks her in her windowless Los Angeles loft but leaves her with something to keep her company -- a deadly mamba snake. Via electronic sensors and cameras, he watches with glee as his terrorized ex-lover fights for her life. Salim Shaheen film from Afghanistan When a former CIA operative is kidnapped by a group of terrorists, his son learns there is no plan for his father to be saved--so he launches his own rescue operation. After a woman is wounded in an accident, a young and attractive live-in caregiver moves into her home where strange and dangerous events unfold until the woman discovers her caregiver is hell-bent on destroying her life.  A trip through the Pyrenees in the neighborhood of Bagneres de Luchon. The story of the late jazz musician and classical pianist Nina Simone including her rise to fame and relationship with her manager Clifton Henderson. Kalo Bhromor is a murder mystery in which Hari the caretaker of the guest house Kalo Bhromor and Saathi, the daughter of the owner of the Kalo Bhromor are murdered and Smriti, Saathi's sister is raped. Smriti and Saathi's sisters Saswati, Srija, Nilabha, Saswati's husband, Sabuj, Nilabha's brother are the suspects with other residents of the guest house. The story unfolds gradually to uncover the real culprit. A rainy night. Dazed and numb, Luz, a young cabdriver, drags herself into the brightly lit entrance of a run-down police station. In a nightspot, Nora seductively engages police psychiatrist Dr. Rossini in a conversation. Nora tells the Doctor about her old schoolmate Luz' rebellious past at a Chilean school for girls. Nora is possessed by a demonic entity, longing for the woman it loves - Luz. When notorious womanizer Connor Mead attends his brother Paul's wedding, he is forced to re-evaluate his behavior as he comes face-to-face with the ghosts of girlfriends past, present, and future, along with his deceased uncle. The experience changes his attitude and allows him to reconnect with his first and only love, Jenny. Sr Inspector Maruti Nagargoje is investigating a murder case which took place in the house of a couple.Who claim that they weren't in the house when the incident happened.Maruti has a different way of working as he doesn't consider statement given to police on crime scene as valuable and conducts his own interrogation with suspects. A drunken college student invites a dance hostess to the big college dance and then forgets he asked her. When she shows up at school, he tries to get rid of her, but she won't leave. Instead she stays and shows up both him and his classmates snooty dates. CIA Analyst Jack Ryan is drawn into an illegal war fought by the US government against a Colombian drug cartel. Renegade FBI agent Art Jeffries protects a nine-year-old autistic boy who has cracked the government's new "unbreakable" code. An ex-cop and his family are the target of an evil force that is using mirrors as a gateway into their home.  Ellie, a recovering drug addict, has just moved to a new city with her two teenage children. She has struggled to stay sober in the past and is determined to make it work this time, finding a stable job and regularly attending her meetings. Unfortunately, new friends, a new job, and the chance of a new life, can't keep Ellie from slipping once again. Her life changes when she meets Christopher - a different kind of addict - which forces her daughter and son to accept a new version of Ellie. Complex and intriguing Turkish drama about revenge killing. A young woman who went into hiding from her family talks about her life in a documentary. An uncle who sees the film in Germany won't let it rest . A conservative lawyer named Diane takes her two teenage children Jake and Zoe to meet their estranged, hippie grandmother in Woodstock after her husband asks for a divorce. Kevin Carson is a young man living in the projects who has to survive a three-day weekend after his opportunistic neighbors find out he's holding a winning lottery ticket worth $370 million Bahman and Ahad are bankrupted and escaping from their debts all the time. But when a fire in Plasco building happens it is their chance to take advantages. Two Iranian pilots are in a special mission to save the people of a Syrian city who are surrounded by the terrorists. But they have to face many challenges before manage to accomplish their mission. The story is about a family of three brothers and a sister in the suburbs of the city's poverty. Their elder brother owns a drug-producing kitchen and presides over the group, like a shepherd for sheep. Virginia is proud that she belongs to a clique. The best students at a private school. But before her 18th birthday, a grueling set of murders take place and her friends are the ones who are falling prey. Could it be her? She suffers from blackouts due to a freak accident one year earlier. We soon learn the truth behind her accident and what is going on... This is the first Vietnamese horror film set in the factory, the 13th studio introduces a new space that has never been seen on the screen.  Through the words of the people around the workshop:  "Hieu - he defended the dead in the workshop 13 has a strange hobby that makes everyone around the fear. Not touching or talking to people, he just likes to play with the cold hardened mannequins. Every day, dearly sing and confide in them. Dead for a year but at twilight people still hear Hien's voice pensive a song of singer Thuy Nhi as crying grievances. The mannequins who were friends with him in the past also often move for unknown reasons.  They believe that Mr. Hieu's ghost is not still in the factory 13.  Determined to have a clip to view millions, a group of young people broke into the factory to find the truth. Palnati Brahmanayudu  is an Action based movie. In which,  Bhavani Prasad (Bala Krishna) lives in Karampudi. Sruthi, a girl who is going to get engaged to an NRI (Pruthvi), falls in love with Bhavani Prasad. When their marriage is about to happen, a lady called Siva Nageswari (Sonali Bendre) enter the premises of hall and shoots at Bhavani Prasad.The rest of the story is all about why Siva Nageswari shoots Bhavani Prasad and Why? A mysterious Dark Horseman slays young girls near the village of Dikanka, and he has already butchered 11 ladies. Nikolai Gogol, a scribe from Saint Petersburg has to take charge of the investigation, but the closer he gets to solving the case, the more fits he has, causing macabre visions. When he learns the next victim is his beloved, Liza, he doubts that he can protect her and resist the murderer. Fortunately, he meets somebody who can help him: Khoma Brut, the witch hunter, martial artist and philosopher. Together they spend three dreadful nights in an old chapel reading the funeral service for Ulyana, the witch, and calling upon the ghastly evil spirit Viy. One night, 18 year old Lena is bitten by Louise, leader of a female vampire trio that are as deadly as they are beautiful. Her newfound vampiric lifestyle is a blessing and a curse at the same time. At first, she enjoys the limitless freedom, the luxury, the parties. But soon the murderous blood lust of her comrades in arms proves too much for her, and she falls dangerously in love with Tom, a young undercover cop. When she resolves to turn her back on the bloodsucking band of sisters, Louise fury knows no bounds. Lena will have to choose between immortal love and immortal life. In a short musical film directed by Paul Thomas Anderson, Thom Yorke of Radiohead stars in a mind-bending visual piece. Best played loud. Charting the various struggles faced by a group of tribes who live apart from the modern world. Miyu went to Seoul, Korea to study and look for her older sister who went missing two years ago. One day Miyu got to know Hana who was a famous plastic surgeon and she reminded of her missing sister. Hana lives with her lover Hyoshin, but she got attracted by Miyu. And Nyoshin felt jealous of Miyu. Miyu thought that Hana is actually her older sister and asked her to tell the truth. Hyoshin saw two of them talking and killed Hana because of jealous. Hyoshin tried to kill Miyu next and Miyu realized Hyoshin is her sister who had plastic surgery and changed her face. Finally Hana stuck a knife into herself because she knew Miyu always values her sister. Miyu survived, but lost her precious sister. 2016 Movie The Viral Demon recording is a wakeup call to understand the truth of what's happening to our world ever since the Viral Demon was accidentally released from its prison. Spread across the country, former college friends Kendra, AJ, Mar and Dwayne find themselves growing apart. Attempting to hang on to their good old Ohio State days, the gang gets together online for a night of stories, pranks and drinking via web-cam. As the evening progresses, they unknowingly release a deviously clever demon that had been trapped for centuries in Salem, Massachusetts. Since the demon can possess multiple people at once, the group of friends must determine who they can still trust in order to survive the demon's dark and twisted mission. Lieutenant Commander John Byrne of the Naval Secret Service and his partner Pvt. Bill Riggers chase criminal Dr. Sin Fang, who is desperate to find a lost sacred seal. (The fifth and only surviving episode of a six-part serial about an evil mastermind inspired on Sax Rohmer's Dr. Fu Manchu.) Two bank robbers take their unwanted hostage into a seedy coastal motel in the dead of winter. When their boss doesn't show up and their tickets to freedom go missing, the three of them must battle through their deteriorating mental state and find a way out before they turn on each other.  A teenage girl and her father travel to a remote alien moon, aiming to strike it rich. They've secured a contract to harvest a large deposit of the elusive gems hidden in the depths of the moon's toxic forest. But there are others roving the wilderness and the job quickly devolves into a fight to survive. Devdas is a photographer who helps a homeless woman, Sitaara, to become a model and film star. Although he himself likes her, he helps her reunite with the love of her life. Panic and intrigue grip the lives of a group of hardened factory workers with the arrival of a man they fear is a head-office spy sent to rob them of their redundancy payouts. The ruthless baiting between top dog Jack and his men only intensifies when the pacifist of the group, Wesley, befriends the seemingly normal outsider, David. But when Wesley discovers David is hiding a much darker secret, the seeds are planted for an explosive finale that strikes like an emotional sledgehammer and seal the fate of The Nothing Men. After a young woman suffers a brutal rape in a bar one night, a prosecutor assists in bringing the perpetrators to justice, including the ones who encouraged and cheered on the attack. What Goes Around is a short film directed by Alex Gilbert and staring Billy Harper. This story is about a guy called Levi who tries to find his way in life ,and he dosent get along in his city or family so he decides to leave home and try to find his way around life by sleeping on a bench in the middle of the park and by looking for food while people don't know about his whearabouts. One day while he is walking through the park he gets angry at a local (Played by Alex Gilbert) and who pushes around and the local gets home and finds that the news people are looking for him in the city. Levi is in town and sees "Wheres Levi" posters around the city. He also finds a bracelet which he keeps but he does not know that the bracelet will get him back with his life. Earl Stone, a man in his eighties, is broke, alone, and facing foreclosure of his business when he is offered a job that simply requires him to drive. Easy enough, but, unbeknownst to Earl, he's just signed on as a drug courier for a Mexican cartel. He does so well that his cargo increases exponentially, and Earl hit the radar of hard-charging DEA agent Colin Bates. When a huge snowstorm leaves everyone stranded, Mickey and all of his guests at the House of Mouse, including Pooh, Belle, Snow White, Cinderella, Ariel and many more of his old and new friends, break out the cookies and hot chocolate to help Donald mend his tattered Christmas spirit. A young couple gets kidnapped and treated like farm animals after stopping at a roadside diner to eat meat. Binu Sebastian, a small-time advocate, makes his living by taking up petty cases and leads a simple life. His life takes a drastic turn when he stumbles upon a sensational case and decides to take it up.   The story of an immigrant worker who falls in love with someone, but a wealthy constructor decides to marry his love. Raquel is desperate: a series of unfortunate events have led to her daughter being taken and she needs a large amount of money to get her back, and fast. After a desperate plea to the bank, she manages to secure the loan she needs. The problem is that precisely at that moment, a peculiar couple of robbers enter the branch: the drug-addicted Jonan and his partner Lola, who is a deadly combination of smart and psychotic. But Raquel's stakes are too high, and she knows she must think carefully to outsmart them, save herself and get her money. A patriotic doctor returns to his homeland with his family, seeking a long missing treasure. A series of weird things keeps happening and the doctor begins to behave oddly. Meanwhile, a madman is murdering the local citizens and the doctor's wife starts to have suspicions. Right before she is able to uncover the truth, another larger conspiracy quietly comes along. David and Kanika are happily married, until Kanika's adulterous affair ruins their relationship, prompting David to start his own affair with Tasha. Rodrigo, a piano-tuner and former composer fallen on hard times, begins a love affair with the soon-to-be-married Susana. When a bomb in the city of Medellin nearly kills them, Rodrigo and Susana surrender to their attraction and fall into each other's arms. Cocooned in her apartment above the vibrant city, Susana opens up to him every night and tells him a story of each of the different men from her past. Her stories inspire him to compose again, but his obsession makes him jealous and paranoid. When Susana finally leaves her fiancee to be with Rodrigo, he becomes obsessed with her fidelity.  In honor of his birthday, San Francisco banker Nicholas Van Orton, a financial genius and a cold-hearted loner, receives an unusual present from his younger brother, Conrad: a gift certificate to play a unique kind of game. In nearly a nanosecond, Nicholas finds himself consumed by a dangerous set of ever-changing rules, unable to distinguish where the charade ends and reality begins. Two best friends, garbage truck drivers in Hollywood become celebrities overnight after they find Cuba Gooding Jr.'s Best Supporting Actor Oscar for JERRY MAGUIRE in the trash and suddenly their lives go topsy-turvy. An ugly duckling having undergone a remarkable change, still harbors feelings for her crush: a carefree playboy, but not before his business-focused brother has something to say about it. Prathi Kshanam is a Telugu movie starring Maneesh, Tejaswini Prakash, Veda Archana Sastry and Viva Harsha in prominent roles. It is a romance thriller directed by Nagendra Prasad. Hundreds of feet in the air, a drone approaches a row of skyscrapers along Hong Kong's affluent southern coast. The target: giant holes in the buildings' facades kept clear for the passage of mythological dragons. Over three successive trips, an affectless voice offers thoughts on feng shui architecture, ideological resistance, and notions of queer identity. Stenio, the nightshifter of a morgue, has the ability to communicate with the cadavers that are brought to him every night. Dora, Saul, and Salvador all with different dreams of a future realize that one way or another someone has to pay the bills. After having visions of a member of her support group who killed herself, a woman who also suffers with chronic pain seeks out the widower of the suicide. This movie is a mystery about continuous murders at Kolkata and Chandan Nagar. Engal Aasaan After a minister kills three college students, a commoner decides to seek justice for them. In order to do so, he kidnaps the minister's brother and comes up with a plan. The story of Athiratha revolves around an aspiring journalist who helps the innocent and talented young students get a fair chance by uncovering the huge racket of question paper leaks and fake certification prevalent in the country. Churikatte is a 2018 Indian Kannada action thriller directed by Ravi Shivamogga. Arjun is a software engineer working in Kolkata. He loves Sweety right from his childhood and he finds it so difficult to forget her. He comes to Machavaram village for her and befriend her as childhood friend. They both get along well and after series of incidents she also falls for him and she cancels her marriage with her brother in law. This is the time where Arjun leaves the village and sends Sweety a video message and says he don't want marriage with her. What is the reason for him to do so? What happens after that? A wealthy couple from the Pacific Palisades discovers homeless young lovers have moved into their home. A group of friends decide to spend a weekend together at a country house, but an unexpected accident forces them to stop at a strange and remote estate.  In this abandoned and eerie place, a rare antique camera is discovered.  Slowly the camera draws them into a mystical and tragic chain of events that none of them could have seen coming.  Anyone who has their picture taken by the camera sees a photo revealing their death.  Many of them lose their lives in excruciating ways, as they race to solve the mystery of the camera. Many youngsters reportedly go missing from the State and police starts investigating the mystery cases. As this happens, a person is treated by a doctor after he gets injured in a fight. He is administered a medicine which is under testing and he gets super human powers. There are also side-effects to the medicine which makes his body decay at a rapid pace. What happens next, what is the medicine that was administered to the hero, what link this has to the missing youngsters forms the rest of the story. In Tennessee, and across the South, transgender people like Graham and Zeke face a daily struggle in their pursuit of equal protection under the law. From so-called 'bathroom bills' to laws restricting their ability to change their sex on legal documents, not to mention the personal and familial challenges as you transition, life is not easy nor fair for trans folk. In 2027. After the world-ravaging zWars and a shaky peace treaty, humans and zombies coexist, but it gets treacherous when half the population thinks the other half is snack-worthy. Beautiful, deadly zGirls, burned out ex-zhunters, media moguls and a beauty pageant going off the rails - "Zombie Beauty Pageant" is a thrill ride in a future no one predicted. A young bride in the midst of her wedding finds herself mysteriously transported to the TARDIS. The Doctor must discover what her connection is with the Empress of Racnoss's plan to destroy the world. The film starts with the hint of another story 'Satyanweshi' where young Byomkesh caught the head of a cocaine racket who is now seeking revenge. On the other hand, a young girl dies in mysterious condition having a match stick in her hand. One Kokonad Gupta, who claims to be a fan of Byomkesh gifts him a matchbox. Sahar, an Iranian girl who has recently broken up with her fiance, has decided to spend some time by herself in Antalya, Turkey. Leaving a club late at night, assuming that she is rich, she gets kidnapped and held in a remote basement. The kidnappers go greedy on the ransom, but little they know is that the whole setup has been a misunderstanding from both parties in the first place. An army officer takes early retirement to protect his teenage daughter from the dangers of the of the world. However, despite providing extraordinary protection, his worst nightmare comes true and his daughter goes missing. Devastated, the parents desperately search for their daughter and uncover a mystery, which shocks them. The film was supposed to be releasing end of 2017 or beginning of 2018 but got delayed due to cat-fight between two female lead Nusrat and Sayantika, which refused to work together. 1973 Indian Film At a gathering of would-be society debauchees, the Baron Plessis de Regard and the attractive young Nathalie hatch their individual plans to use sex to respectively ruin and punish their selected enemies. The Baron's plan is to scupper the political ambitions of right-wing parliamentary candidate Colonel Montvilliers by setting him up with a female companion and publicly exposing his new-found vices. Nathalie's quest is of a more personal nature, to destroy her estranged father Charles Leroy-Merville by corrupting his innocent 17-year-old daughter Sophie, a task she intends to achieve by securing employ as the girl's summer tutor. Mohey is separated from her twin sister and abused after she is plucked from an orphanage as a girl. She becomes trapped in a life of underhand dealings and illegal trading, where her intellect and beauty are used as commodities. When she is coerced into a temporary marriage to secure a deal... A masked killer, wearing World War II U.S. Army fatigues, stalks a small New Jersey town bent on reliving a 35-year-old double murder by focusing on a group of college kids holding an annual Spring Dance. Aa Karaala Ratri, is a Kannada-language suspense thriller film directed by Dayal Padmanabhan and produced under his own banner, D Pictures. Josh and Danielle have found the perfect surrogate, Kailee, to bear their child. But when Kailee gives birth to a beautiful baby girl, the happy couple learns how deep and dark a mother's love can go. But is it really Kailee whom they need to fear, or is she just a pawn in someone else's game? Someone who will stop at nothing to take what she views as hers. The story revolves around the Egyptian era in 1968, where the university doctor (Hussein) and his wife (Mona) are arrested for their critical positions of defeat, A job monger, Shiva who ends up as a taxiwala only to realise his ride is a beyond what anyone can expect. Busi, a young destitute woman with dangerously repressed emotions, lands a job as a cleaner at a rundown hospital in the heart of Johannesburg. Desperate for the money so she can bring her younger sister to Johannesburg, she must cope despite the predatory and corrupt hospital manager. When Busi discovers an abandoned young girl in the hospital, who believes she is tormented by a supernatural force, Busi must face her own demons from her past in order to save the child from the abusive monster that pursues them both relentlessly. Anthology film consisting of 9 shorts featuring blood, action and horror. Two drifters bum around, visit earthy women and discuss opening a car wash in Pittsburgh. Riza, a garbage man becomes obsessed in her old mother when he finds a woman's corpse in a garbage can. But someday he meets with his new neighbor,a beautiful widow and starts to lose track of reality, stuck between his love and her mother. Investigation thriller revolves around a murder mystery which happened in a resort. Claire's life as a nurse in a busy hospital is complicated by a supervisor who is intent on making her miserable with tedious and extra tasks. Claire's only relief is the patients she treats, and even that is not always a picnic. On a rare night off, she attends a dance performance and gets trapped in an elevator with a charming man. There is an instant connection between them, but as they are "rescued" from the elevator, they are pulled away from each other before they can exchange names and numbers. Director Srinivas Raju's world of Dandupalya, as seen in the first two films of the series, will finally come to an end. The third film in the series will mark the end of the franchise, which has received a great deal of critical acclaim in both Kannada and Telugu. The storyline of the film is based on the apprehension of the co-founder of Indian Mujahideen and conspirator of several bomb blasts in India, Yasin Bhatkal, by National Investigation Agency near Indo-Nepal border. Set against the haunting backdrop of a small lake town, this chilling thriller unravels a meticulous revenge set over a period of 7 years, all beginning with the accidental death of an innocent girl. FBI agent Joel Campbell, burnt-out and shell-shocked after years spent chasing serial killers, flees L.A. to begin a new life for himself in Chicago. But five months later, Joel's best laid plans are abruptly cut short when his new hometown becomes the setting for some particularly gruesome murders--murders that could only have been committed by one man: David Allen Griffin. One of Joel's most elusive and cunning nemeses, Griffin has followed his former pursuer to Chicago in order to play a sadistic game of cat and mouse. Taunting Joel with photographs of his intended victims and leaving his crime scenes meticulously free of clues in order to keep the police at bay, Griffin derives as much pleasure out of watching Joel react to every movement as watching his victims die. But when Griffin moves into Joel's inner circle, Joel must quickly find some way to stop him before someone close to him becomes the next one to die. Part of BFI collection "The Age of the Train." A writer for a greeting card company learns the true meaning of loneliness when he comes home to find his girlfriend in bed with another man. A Killer Stalks and Terrorizes a group of Sorority Girls on a College Campus. Small-time crooks Sujiv and Sri get friendly with Ammu, an innocent young man carrying a huge sum in cash on a train. When Ammu's baggage becomes the target for a criminal and his gang, who are also on the train, the duo has to foil their plans. When police couldn't tackle a mysterious incident involving his girlfriend, Sanjay decides to fight his own battle and get the truth out. What follows next? Jack Hammond is sentenced to life in prison, but manages to escape. To get away from the police he takes a girl as hostage and drives off in her car. The girl happens to be the only daughter of one of the richest men in the state. In a while the car chase is being broadcast live on every TV-channel. Anna, a young mother, escapes her cold and unfaithful husband, Ned, a businessman who's just launched his first campaign for political office. Ned chases Anna and their six-year-old daughter from Alaska to Maine, and the two go into hiding in a run-down motel on the coast. Four stories. One mystery. Heather is a teenage girl who is suddenly thrust into a strange alternate reality filled with demonic imagery and twisted monsters. She quickly comes to find that the events unfolding around her have something to do with her past. Three childhood friends meet again many years later, a woman and two men. A triangle. In one corner, sex, in another, love, and in the middle ... the protagonist in a mess. Romantic and sentimental comedy about sex, love and its many complicated combinations. Allison and her daughter Abigail return to Allison's hometown after the death of Allison's beloved aunt. While there, they encounter Bart, a man who knew Allison when she was a teen. But Bart's friendliness soon turns into something more sinister. A fatal oil spill, an explosion and toxic waste collide in the Gulf of Mexico and the results spawn a noxious mutation that terrorizes a beach community. Police sergeant (Devon Hughes)leads the investigation against an unscrupulous CEO (Michael Milhoan), but it's a quirky detective (Brian Edward Kahrs) and a tenacious environmental researcher (Wendi Hughes), who confront the zombie nightmare. When villagers begin disappearing it is discovered that they had fallen through a crack in the earth which goes straight to Hades. Hercules once again comes to the rescue and faces one of his most difficult challenges, and must prove himself as a man as well as a god. "Hercules in the Underworld" is the fourth made for TV movie in the series Hercules: The Legendary Journeys. A series of mysterious events changes the life of a blind pianist who now must report a crime that was actually never witnessed by him. The brother of a rich landlord falls in love with a lower caste girl but his haughty sister-in-law murders him. The girl, who is pregnant with his child, is made an outcast and dies during childbirth only to return as a ghost and haunt the village. Three friends - an aspiring businessman, a wannabe actor and a small-time politician - are trying their best to get a break that can change their lives for the better. In a windfall, they get Rs18 crore which belongs to politician Saamy Malai (Jayaprakash). Malai seeks thug Singamuthu's (Prakash Raj) help to trace the money. Parayan Baaki Vechathu is the third film to feature Mammootty's nephew Maqbool Salmaan. Mallika was initially cast as Maqbool's heroine but when she opted out, Anumol, who earlier acted in the internationally acclaimed feature Akam, was chosen for the role. Charles wants to catch hold of Karthiga and make her understand his love for her. Shaffiq needs Karthiga to get back the smuggled diamonds that he had entrusted with her. Meanwhile, Karthiga witnesses a murder at her deserted office and the killers are after her. Ratanpur is a nail-biting Gujarati thriller where the protagonist, an IPS officer recently posted in the village of Ratanpur, is faced with his life's toughest challenge - a murder that will change his life forever.   The events begin at a Branch of the Royal Bank in a Village in Kerala Tamilnadu Border from Where Diamonds Worth Ten Crore Rupees is being Shifted to the regional office of the bank amid high security. However the diamonds go missing en route.The Story then takes a Suspense-filled ride and moves across many location and charecters. Despite cricket fever running wild, there are two people in India who dislike its influence over their lives. The first is Dr. Satyajit Chavan, who will not permit anyone in his home nor the hospital to view nor hear anything related to it; and the second is Kashmira, who is recently married to Sarabjeet Singh, and hates cricket as her husband is obsessed with it and has even neglected to be attentive leave alone take her for a honeymoon. Then there is Hemandra Patel, located in England for over 10 years, works as an airport Janitor, but has told everyone he is a Customs Officer, is awaiting word on his becoming a Citizen, but his fate rests with Immigration Officer, Cook, who hates all Patels, including Sardar Vallabhai Patel. Watch how the world cup influences them, and the shock that awaits Hemandra when he finds that his daughter is secretly seeing an English-African male by the name of Silver. Hoping to revitalize their marriage, an elderly couple from New York (Gazzara, Moreno) go on vacation to the Catskills. Threatened by a fascist plot, the Portuguese government recruits several "special people" to stop the coup.  Calvin Jacobs (Landon Beard) discovers the body of a young woman who has been beaten and left for dead. He recognizes her as Robin, a college crush from his undergraduate years. Unknowingly, Calvin has just taken his first steps into a dark and dangerous world. It is not long before Robin (Lillian Bornstein) returns to Calvin with a bold request -- she wants him to kill the man that victimized her. Missing are a flight consisting of 300 VIPs, a house along with the couple that inhabit it and an orphaned girl child. Embroiled in midst of all three cases are two young boys and a man calling himself Veera Bhoga Vasantha Rayalu. What is the mystery behind either of these cases? When home renovator Melissa Davis strikes up a new relationship with her client, John Anderson, she believes she's found the guy of her dreams. However, when John's ex, Carrie, appears with a grave warning, Melissa learns that her dream man has a dark secret that he'll kill to protect. As college students Jake and Jan struggle to stay afloat in the current economic climate, a lucrative business opportunity presents itself through their angel investor and landlord, George. After an unfortunate series of events, the deal suddenly falls apart, and the couple, now further in debt, takes drastic measures to eliminate George to collect a large sum of money. But things do not always go to plan and after numerous failed attempts to wipe out their intended target, the couple goes on the run with George in close pursuit to even the score. A filmmaker's investigation reveals that the use of pesticides around the world may have farther reaching consequences than he had ever imagined. The only hope he sees for a brighter future lies with the incredible people he encounters along the way.  When a woman's daughter goes missing under suspicious circumstances, she will do anything it takes to find her. Millionaire playboy Hugo flies around Acapulco in his private helicopter to pick up sexy young women. He whisks them away to his secluded old castle, where he wines and dines them. With the aid of his bald, mute little helper, Dorgo, he kills his dates, keeping their heads in a crystal cage and feeding their chopped up body parts to his 1,000-strong army of bloodthirsty, flesh hungry cats.  ISHQ TERA is based on real life events of a woman with a broken mind and a man with a broken heart. The story of how men prey silently on this one disturbed Woman as her man fights to free her mind and win her heart - Again and again. A mysterious American, Chandler, appears in an Asian city, searching for a missing person. A police commander assigns a local contact, Dickson Lee, to shadow this stranger. The mismatched couple must navigate the dangerous world of an international organ smuggling syndicate. Chandler and Lee have to rely on all their courage and strength to solve a deadly mystery, and finally deliver the criminals to justice. Anna Gray is pregnant and ready to start a family with her loving husband Jon. But she has no idea that Rachel, the mother of a baby who died from SIDS when Anna babysat her years ago, has been waiting for this day, determined to take back what Anna "took from me!" Taking place in 1992 during the era of grunge and outdoor gay cruising, we follow two strangers who meet while hiking a once-popular area for gay men known as Devil's Path. Two hikers have gone missing recently and with no leads or bodies and the area is now considered high risk and mostly closed off. The two strangers, Noah (Stephen Twardokus) and Patrick (JD Scalzo), are suddenly forced off the main trail after a confrontation with some suspicious hikers and soon find themselves running for their lives with nowhere to hide but in the trees. Varathan (English: The Outsider) is an upcoming Indian Malayalam-language horror thriller film directed by Amal Neerad and co-produced by Nazriya Nazim. The film stars Fahadh Faasil and Aishwarya Lekshmi. With the police stalling the investigation into her husband's murder, Deeksha decides to set up an investigation of her own to find the killers. However, as she gets closer to the truth, she invites trouble from some dangerous people After a conflict with his boss, Economics analyst Igor is sent to a journalist business trip. Location is chosen randomly: it is a small Far Eastern Kuril island, Russia. There he meets with a charming and beautiful young woman who is a leader of a mysterious community consisted of 12 people. They do not remember how they have appeared on the island and do not know about Moscow and where Russia is. Enchanted by a woman and the local nature the character got lost more and more deeply into a life of the community. In a time he realizes that the island and its residents have a well-kept secret and that his arrival to the island was not an accident. Overview Coming Soon... An assassin hunts and tortures his old predecessor in the basement of his European home, only to reveal the lies and corruption of their international hitman agency by taking a journey through the manipulations of the old man's past. Publisher Will Randall becomes a werewolf and has to fight to keep his job. School is in session for DC Super Hero Girls! This is where students master their super powers, brain power, and will power to become the Super Heroes of tomorrow. When Supergirl crash lands into the cafeteria, it's evident that though she has incredible power, she has a long way to go before she becomes a Super Hero. As Supergirl learn to harness her powers, the Junior Detective Club investigates a mysterious rash of security breaches. Could it all be because of reformed Super-Villain and Super Hero High Vice-Principal Gorilla Grodd - or something far worse? Satyameva Jayate is a ZEE5 Original drama film starring Arjun Chakraborty, Saurasani Maitra, Vipin Sharma, Sudiptaa Chakraborty, Dibyendu Bhattacharya, and Jayant Kripalani. Directed by Arindam Sil, the story revolves around a simple shopkeeper who is harassed by goons and denied justice in the court of law. Watch this engaging drama that reveals the ugly truth of the metropolitan city of Kolkata, according to Anandabazar Patrika. When his plans go terribly wrong, an engineering graduate ends up becoming a target for powerful people which begins to affect the lives of the people around him in unimaginable ways. Mysterious events take place in an hotel: A feather flies from one room to another, and the customers are savagely killed by the sheets of their own beds. The story of Saul Alinsky, the father of community organizing, and the rise of his Cultural Marxism in the Catholic Church and America.  (Released 2016) Chow Mei Si (Diana Pang) is a late-night radio DJ who receives an ominous warning from one of her callers. The caller, named "Hungry Wolf", says that he's going to blow up a hospital...and he does! Chow Mei Si tries to warn cop Wong Chi Ming (Michael Wong), but he's skeptical. That is, until the caller threatens to blow up a kindergarten and promptly follows through. Now Wong and his partner (Joyce Ni) must protect Chow Mei Si from the bomber before he can claim her as his next victim! Ahetuk is a Assamese language romantic thriller film directed by Bani Das, veteran Assamese film director and a screenwriter who delivered the Assamese audiences some blockbusters like Maharathi, Mon, Kadambari. His movies are popularly known for an individualistic stamp of visual splendor which is a combine package of romance, action and drama. Ahetuk is another entertainment package, with Gunjan Bhardwaj and Amrita Gogoi in lead role. Actor Tapan Das is also playing an important character in this film. A deep quest for the meaning of those aspects of life which are really meaningless! That's 'Ahetuk' for you--a journey in celluloid that tries to depict how we chase our desires in life and often hit a blank wall of nothingness. Produced by Raj Kumar Jain. Bonds are tested, wills broken and metal forged in this twisted thriller. Jack and Julia are a couple with secrets, Blanca is a tortured soul with a past and Olivia is hellbent on finding the truth. When four lives collide, there is no escape. From the creators of Bloody Drama comes a story of survival, trust and darkness. The Grey Area is a feature documentary about the lives of inmates at a maximum-security women's prison in Mitchellville, Iowa. The film focuses on the unique experience of teaching and learning Feminism inside a women's prison and the power of education in the Criminal Justice System. A man is tortured relentlessly by geese to the point of madness. While caring for his ailing wife, an American engineer in Pakistan stumbles upon a deadly pharmaceutical conspiracy. Filmed in Britain during the 2004 Babyshambles tour, director Roger Pomphrey's intimate portrait attempts to peel back the layers of Pete Doherty's media mask to reveal his true artistic identity. Simultaneously dubbed "the coolest man in rock" and "waster of the year," the controversial singer-songwriter -- a perennial favorite of the tabloid press -- embraces a murky duality. But just who is the man behind all the hype? The film tells the story behind a village that is very fond of the cock-fighting game that involves betting their wifes and lifes. James Sullivan and Mike Wazowski are monsters, they earn their living scaring children and are the best in the business... even though they're more afraid of the children than they are of them. When a child accidentally enters their world, James and Mike suddenly find that kids are not to be afraid of and they uncover a conspiracy that could threaten all children across the world. Mayan murders women who repulse him, all the while seeking a homely girl to marry. He finds her in Radhika but when she learns about his dark secret, he decides to kill her as well. True story of the lifelong romance between novelist Iris Murdoch and her husband John Bayley, from their student days through her battle with Alzheimer's disease. Following the death of their mother, an identical twin pulls away to establish her own independence, while the other unravels and plots to end her sister's new beginning. Inspired by true events. Desperate for money to save his sick Grandfather, a South Texas farmhand resorts to the extreme: He breaks his own arm to smuggle a cast made of cocaine across the Mexican border. Antoine and Kenny Tyler are NCAA college basketball players, and Antoine is the star. Suddenly Antoine dies of heart attack and Kenny has to fill his shoes as leader of team. Some time later, Antoine returns as a ghost and helps Kenny in game and in life, but Kenny changes in the process and doesn't quite like it. In 1987, during the austere days of Thatcher's Britain, a teenager learns to live life, understand his family, and find his own voice through the music of Bruce Springsteen. Lilly was a normal girl with a healthy sense of adventure. That is, until she finds a magical book, complete with a funny little dragon, "Hector". With the help of her new friend and the book, Lilly has the ability to time-travel and truly satisfy her adventure- lust!. After suffering a violent incident, a woman decides to become a vigilante, defending every woman who has suffered from physical or psychological abuse. A cautionary film about what were thought to be rural superstitions and practices in Puerto Rico. A group of Central-American teen-agers depart from the slums of Guatemala City escaping poverty and violence, towards the promised land of California. Driving cross-country, Ray and his wife and daughter stop at a highway rest area where his daughter falls and breaks her arm. After a frantic rush to the hospital and a clash with the check-in nurse, Ray is finally able to get her to a doctor. While the wife and daughter go downstairs for an MRI, Ray, exhausted, passes out in a chair in the lobby. Upon waking up, they have no record or knowledge of Ray's family ever being checked in. Chandra Mukhi is an angel who lands on earth in search of her magic wand. She must get it before a devil named Dhola lays his hands on it. A Mumbai teen who grew up in the slums, is miraculously on the verge of winning the Indian version of "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?" and is arrested under suspicion of cheating. While being interrogated, events from his life history unfold, explaining why he knows the answers. Malhar (Nana Patekar), who is born to a poor typist clerk, is a versatile character who wins trophies in dramas but is never appreciated by his father. While writing and directing dramas in his college he meets Apoorva (Madhuri Dixit), a very rich girl, and falls madly in love with her. When she wins the Best Actress Award, she calls upon Malhar on stage and gives all the credit to him. Malhar misunderstands this gestures as Apoorva's love for him. Kuttan Pilla, Moly's long lost lover is kidnapped by the underworld king named Mayan. 4 grannies and Kuttappi with the help of Vikraman, a local gangster decide to go on a journey to fight the fierce don Mayan and bring back Kuttan Pilla. A rural police officer investigates the bizarre case of a headless woman's body. The prime suspect blames the crime on the appearance of a legendary monster. Terri is a devoted wife and mother of two, living an ideal suburban life in Atlanta when Colin, a charming but dangerous escaped convict, shows up at her door claiming car trouble. Terri offers her phone to help him but soon learns that no good deed goes unpunished as she finds herself fighting for survival when he invades her home and terrorizes her family. A world-famous Anishinaabe musician returns to the reserve to rest and recharge -- only to discover that fame (and the outside world) are not easily left behind. Two young men spend the night together after meeting the previous evening in a notorious gay club. The next day, however, the host wakes to find the boy he picked up bewildered and confused, unable remember his name or anything about his past. Lacking any type of identification or obvious clues, the boys begin to search for the truth among fragments of memories that may or may not prove reliable. A chilling homoerotic thriller, BOY UNDONE is queer guerrilla filmmaking at its most intense. Late one night, a mysterious car is brought into the Chicago police impound garage after a deadly traffic accident. The on-call mechanics soon discover the car has a mind of its own. With hundreds of horsepower and two tons of reinforced steel at its command, it's a seemingly unstoppable killing machine capable of outrunning -- and outwitting -- humans. When children start disappearing, a rebellious teen under house arrest starts to suspect that a legendary evil, a boogeyman known as the Cucuy, might be responsible. Story of the relationship between the poets Ted Hughes and Sylvia Plath. The story of the soldiers and aviators who helped turn the tide of the Second World War during the iconic Battle of Midway in June 1942. A married man is accused of rape by his wife's personal assistant, who pursues the case in court. He pleads his innocence, but his long suffering wife has a plan for the future that does not include him. Starring Seun Akindele, Moyo Lawal, Moradeke Awe, Tosin Sido and Okey Onyekwuje. A retelling of the Greek myth of Phaedra. In modern Greece, Alexis's father, an extremely wealthy shipping magnate, marries the younger, fiery Phaedra. When Alexis meets his stepmother, sparks fly and the two begin an affair. What will the Fates bring this family? Alexis's roadster and the music of Bach figure in the conclusion. A movie script writer tries to create a storyboard for an upcoming project, which is causing her stress, with writer's block and a deadline to meet, but when she finally creates the perfect story in her mind, the antics of the game begins. Starring Mike Ezuruonye, Mercy Aigbe, Vicky Nwogu, Ejike Obinna and Ejike Ibedilo. During World War II, a small group of survivors is stranded in a lifeboat together after the ship they were traveling on is destroyed by a German U-boat. A family of cannibalistic pilgrims attacks a restaurant that stays open for Thanksgiving. A young camgirl discovers that she's inexplicably been replaced on her site with an exact replica of herself. Best friends Alice and Darlene take a trip to Thailand after graduating high school. In Thailand, they meet a captivating Australian man, who calls himself Nick Parks. Darlene is particularly smitten with Nick and convinces Alice to take Nick up on his offer to treat the two of them to what amounts to a day trip to Hong Kong. In the airport, the girls are seized by the police and shocked to discover that one of their bags contains heroin. A sincere cop, who's suspended from the department for locking horns with a few influential people in the society, starts taking revenge against those who finished off his dear ones. With terrorism rising, one man fights back even if it costs him everything. A young business elite Xiaonian Zhong, was imprisoned in a house! Everyday, a mysterious man will reveal one of his darkest secrets to the world. At the same time, his wife, friends and business partners were all been dragged into this incident one after another. Being imprisoned, how will Zhong combat this challenging situation? How will he escape from the house and fight the mysterious man and complete the salvation? An elite G.I. Joe team confronts a Cobra force in Springfield, USA to rescue a comrade and deal with a traitor. A few college friends, who go on a fun trip to a forest, get trapped there. One of them who possesses supernatural powers help them fight against an evil force which trouble them throughout the journey. Internet cafes and slackers, not-so-innocent schoolgirls and amateur porn using Google Glass: things in Lima, the Peruvian capital, are pretty similar to contemporary reality, virtual or otherwise, in the rest of the world. Cinema meets digital psychedelia. Avery Malone, a wannabe writer and lonely librarian, gets her big break when she's hand-selected to assist her hero, reclusive author, Caleb Conrad. Whisked away to Caleb's remote estate, Avery is given her one and only task; to participate in a controlled psychological experiment in fear that will serve as the basis for Caleb's next novel. Julie and Tommy are on summer vacation in California when they discover a baby sea serpent brought ashore by a violent storm. They bring the little creature home to care for it, amid suspicion from their father, while a dogged reporter sees out to take a photo of the baby sea monster to sell to a tabloid magazine. A young couple falling in love after an unexpected and short rendezvous. But their fate takes a sharp turn with the sudden intervention of a third person. The life of a married couple turns upside down after 8 years of marriage as some hard truths between them come to light. The answers to all these questions will be revealed in this psychological thriller based on true events.  A First World War veteran reaches a backwater village in Kuttanand, India as a Postman. He delivers money orders and letters to the family of soldiers, becoming a symbol of happiness. But everything turns upside down, as the Second World War begins. A man decides to save his sister from the clutches of a deadly Mafia Don. A man is framed for murder while a lawyer does his best to prove he committed it. Who killed the victim and why the lawyer is looking to frame an innocent man forms the crux of the story. Has-been director Harry Dawes gets a new lease on his career when independently wealthy Kirk Edwards hires him to write and direct a film. They go to Madrid to find Maria Vargas, a dancer who will star in the film. Millionaire Alberto Bravano takes Maria from Kirk. Count Vincenzo Torlato-Favrini takes Maria from Alberto. Darren, Lou, Jo and Mas live a meager existence on the fringes of poverty. Indebted to the criminal kingpin of their social housing development, they routinely fear for their lives. On the other side of town, the already wealthy Marcus and his disabled brother Clive receive a windfall in the form of a winning lottery ticket. When their worlds collide following a botched robbery, the would-be criminals get more than they bargained for, and will be tested to their limits in a desperate attempt to survive a predator of monstrous proportions.  Martina and Manuel cross the border from Bolivia as <<mules>>. Manuel dies with the cocaine capsules inside his body. Martina turns to her father, who she never met before, for help. When new author Cassie is paired with successful author Elliot on a promotional book tour, she learns to believe in her talent. She also finds truth in the old adage "you can't judge a book by its cover" as she falls for the guy she once thought to be pompous and full of himself. A recovering alcoholic college professor trying to put his life back together meets a seductive new student. She offers him a sensual escape from reality until he realizes she may be insane. Newly widowed Brenda Harper and her family are taken hostage over something from her late husband's past. The Great Dante, a prestigious magician, accidentally dies during a risky magic trick. Thirty-five years later, his son Lorenzo, also a magician, presents a show at one of the city's most important theaters. From this point on, a series of murders will begin to occur that someone tries to pin on him. Lorenzo will have to find out who it is and why this person wants to implicate him Michael has a routine. Every day at noon, he heads to his favorite local park where he sits and enjoys the sun on the same bench. However, this time is slightly different, he is greeted by a mysterious woman who soon seems to know everything about him. However, he doesn't recall ever meeting her. A thriller film directed by Ashwath Samuel, starring Sampath Raj and Anu Prabhakar in the lead roles. An American woman is stranded in a German airport when she witnesses someone sabotaging a plane. An FBI agent and an Interpol detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances and reward their audiences with the money. After the events in the previous film, Secret Service agent Mike Banning finds himself framed for an assassination attempt on the President. Pursued by his own agency and the FBI, Banning races to clear his name and uncover the real terrorist threat which has set its sights on Air Force One. A deputy-district attorney, assigned to investigate the murder of the mayor's cousin, finds himself falling for the victim's wife. After thirty years of marriage, a middle-aged couple attends an intense, week-long counseling session to work on their relationship. Featuring collectors, dealers, auctioneers and a rich range of artists, including market darlings George Condo, Jeff Koons, Gerhard Richter and Njideka Akunyili Crosby, this documentary examines the role of art and artistic passion in today's money-driven, consumer-based society. A group of friends including five girls and four boys studying in 12th standard share a close bond with each other. All goes well for the group until suddenly a crisis arises, which puts their friendship to test. Based on the best-selling novel by Alessandro Baricco, this visually stunning film tells the story of a French trader who finds unexpected love far away from home. Set against the real-life contemporary art world, Female Human Animal is a psycho-thriller about a creative woman disenchanted with what modern life has to offer her. The social thriller starring a two year-old baby girl. She is living in a home where the adults are going through a complicated phase. Being a toddler, she is occasionally trapped in the accidental situations. A Nightmare Zachary, 17 years old, gets out of jail. Rejected by his mother, he hangs out in the mean streets of Marseille. This is where he meets Sheherazade. After Julie's husband, Matthew dies in a tragic accident, she moves across country with her son Matty for a new start and to be closer to her husband's sister, Alison. Little does Julie know, Alison blames her for her brother's death and has a hidden agenda to get her nephew all to herself - by any means necessary. Yeh, a gifted student, transfers to Edison Junior High, a private school renowned for its academic performance. Disturbed by the gloomy atmosphere and distorted institutions, the rebellious Yeh begins to challenge everything he sees and feels. Little does he know that he is slowly falling into the treacherous trap of the mysterious "Dorm 420". Five friends who loves to upload extreme videos to YouTube, went to Alas Pati also known as the forest of death.  Explore the fascinating history and main characteristics of Tibetan Buddhism in China with this informative documentary, which profiles the Eastern religion's fundamental beliefs, dedicated followers, most meaningful rituals and much more. In addition to being widely practiced in northeastern China, Tibetan Buddhism also enjoys considerable popularity in Nepal, Bhutan, India, Mongolia and, of course, Tibet. After a one night stand with the woman of his dreams, Nick starts experiencing otherworldly phenomena in his house during a party. As people disappear, their goal becomes clear: make it out of the party alive or fall victim to the Curse of the Siren. A glimpse into the world of the women who create and consume romance novels. A tale of two sisters with rare unique supernatural abilities. Three burglars break into a house to find jewels and money but leave their sanity behind.  Sooraiyadal is a 2014 Tamil film directed by Thamarai Kannan starring Sri Balaji, Gayathri and Leema in the lead roles. The film centers around a Malaysian pharmaceutical company using a new virus to generate an epidemic. A secret organization, known as "The Leaker", discloses this information. After the suicide of the pharmaceutical company's son and a local reporter, the wife of the pharmaceutical company's owner leaves for Hong Kong. A Malaysian police chief , Hong Kong police officer, and journalist work together to locate her whereabouts. Once More starring by vijay and Simran. Vijay (Joseph Vijay) is a rich young business man, whose only one aim in life is to have fun, is the managing director of a big tea estate in Ooty and his company goes on a big loss because of his mismanagement. Vijay spends most of his time in partying and flirting with girls whenever he feels like. Charlie Kenton is a washed-up fighter who retired from the ring when robots took over the sport. After his robot is trashed, he reluctantly teams up with his estranged son to rebuild and train an unlikely contender. After five (or six) years of vanilla-wedded bliss, ordinary suburbanites John and Jane Smith are stuck in a huge rut. Unbeknownst to each other, they are both coolly lethal, highly-paid assassins working for rival organisations. When they discover they're each other's next target, their secret lives collide in a spicy, explosive mix of wicked comedy, pent-up passion, nonstop action and high-tech weaponry. Having developed an uncontrollable obsession with the beautiful young Rudy (Michelle Tomlinson), crazed serial killer Herman (James DuMont) kidnaps her and locks her in a cage in his basement. The only way for Rudy to survive this nightmare is to outsmart her psychopathic tormentor. But Herman has experience on his side: He's entrapped and tortured other women before, playing sick and twisted mind games with his frightened victims. A random invitation to a Halloween party leads a man into the hands of a rogue collective intent on murdering him for the sake of their art, sparking a bloodbath of mishap, mayhem and hilarity. An American Indian child, maltreated by her mother and other tribespeople, accompanies her family to a nearby town to buy supplies. There, local white settlers -- a couple and their young daughter -- befriend the child and give her a doll, her first and only toy. Meanwhile, another tribesman is wantonly killed by a settler. Enraged, the Indians plan revenge and organize a war-party to attack the town. The Indians also take from the child the doll she was given and smash it. The child mourns her broken doll, and buries it with traditional tribal rites. Alarmed that her new friends will be harmed when the town is attacked, the child rushes ahead of the war-party to give warning of the imminent attack. In the raid the child is struck by a bullet, and makes her painful way to her doll's burial site. Alone, she dies. When a woman's father goes missing, she enlist a local to aid in her search.  The pair soon discover that her father has died at the hands of a wealthy sportsman who hunts homeless men as a form of recreation.  Annie is pulled over by police for a traffic violation while she is driving her boyfriend's car. When the police discover a bloody knife in the back of the car, she has to find what is really going on before she is wrongly accused of a murder. After an E.M.P. (Electro Magnetic Pulse) weapon is deployed, North America is forced to live in pre industrial conditions. Anything electrical is useless, sending the country into anarchy. An introverted 11 year old girl must fend and fight for herself while trying to find her father. This examination of a famous scandal from the 1970s explores the relationship between Barbara Baekeland and her only son, Antony. Barbara, a lonely social climber unhappily married to the wealthy but remote plastics heir Brooks Baekeland, dotes on Antony, who is homosexual. As Barbara tries to "cure" Antony of his sexuality -- sometimes by seducing him herself -- the groundwork is laid for a murderous tragedy. Friends are a special gift - or, are they? An obsessive ex lover meticulously tries to manipulate his former girlfriend into taking him back, as a mysterious being lurks in the shadows.  A young girl is struck and seriously injured by a wealthy society matron's car. The woman brings the girl back to her house. Later, a hardened thief is told by the girl of a goblet, that could be the Holy Grail, which has healing powers and could help her. The thief, touched by her predicament, sets out to steal the goblet and bring it to her. A jealous musician kills his wife and frames a cab driver. Delivery boy Mickey encounters Minnie washing clothes and singing. He stops for a quick song and dance with her. Meanwhile, Pluto gets tangled up in tar. Mickey sends a beehive flying; it lands on his mule, who kicks Mickey's instrument-filled wagon into the air. He plays a march or two on the piano with Minnie, with many animals playing along. A bitter ad executive who has reached his breaking point, finds himself in a mental institution where his career actually begins to thrive with the help of the hospital's patients. In a small town in Massachusetts, four high school girls perform a ritual in an attempt to debunk the lore of Slender Man. When one of the girls goes mysteriously missing, they begin to suspect that she is, in fact, his latest victim. A mentally unstable Vietnam War veteran works as a night-time taxi driver in New York City where the perceived decadence and sleaze feeds his urge for violent action, attempting to save a preadolescent prostitute in the process. Christa Bright's an aspiring stylist who has an instant connection with new client Kat Niven, a woman who needs help gaining confidence. When Kat's admiration for Christa turns into obsession, Christa begins to get suspicious. She soon discovers that Kat's her fiance's ex-gf and she's trying to become Christa in a ploy to win Jack back for good. Twenty years in the life of a Russian orphan In this animated retelling of the story from the Bible's Book of Genesis, Joseph's gift of dream interpretation and his brilliantly colored coat inspires jealousy in his brothers. "#Y" (Hashtag Y) chronicles the adventures of the members of a generation made universal by social media, internet, sex, drugs and alcohol. A mysterious lonely man and a young rebel woman, confront each other in a psychological drama about suspended identity. Just when their separation is coming to an end, and Kyle and Sophia have recommitted to each other, Sophia is accused of assaulting her husband's "friend," Claire, a woman he slept with once. In reality, however, Claire is engineering a series of attacks against herself to frame Sophia and keep Kyle for herself. When the ruse falls apart, Claire makes a direct attack on her rival. A dive into Arthur C. Clarke's life, writer and co-scriptwriter of '2001: a Space Odyssey' by its search for an extraterrestrial civilization. Kaycee (Donnalyn Bartolome) and Wendy (Ella Cruz) are always at each other's throats. But when they are left alone in their house amidst a storm, with intruders trying to kill them, they have no choice but to become partners as they try to escape. God's Country and the Law is a 1921 American silent drama film produced by Pine Tree Pictures and distributed by Arrow Films. It was directed by Sidney Olcott with Fred C. Jones and Gladys Leslie in the leading roles. It was adapted from the 1915 novel God's Country and the Woman by James Oliver Curwood,which had been previously filmed under that title in 1916. The moment Riley meets Chris, she thinks he is handsome, charming and affectionate. He seemed perfect, but after a party at his house, Riley sees that Chris has a darker side. His adoration turns to obsession, her dream into a nightmare and she must figure out what he is after.  Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent. Swargakkunnile Kuriakose is an Indian Malayalam-language psycho suspense thriller film directed by Emmanuvel N K and starring Rajeesh Puttad in the title role  A struggling screenwriter inadvertently becomes entangled in the Los Angeles criminal underworld after his oddball friends kidnap a gangster's beloved Shih Tzu. Arvind Desai is the only son of a rich businessman who deals in luxury handicrafts and products. His feelings for his father are mixed--while he hates his dominating nature, he admires his power and lack of scruples. He has long discussions on art and politics with a Marxist friend Rajan, is seeing his father's secretary Alice, and sometimes he visits a prostitute, Fatima. Much against his wishes, his marriage is arranged to a girl from a high-class family that has just returned from Paris; much to the dismay of Alice's mother, who realizes that Alice was just time-pass for Arvind and nothing more. Every day at 6 pm a serial killer kills another person. Police officer Helena Rus thinks the killings are done by one man only and decides to reveal the killer's identity by getting back in 18th century history of the city. A young girl sent to live with her father and his new girlfriend discovers creatures in her new home who want to claim her as one of their own. Based upon the true story of Kimberley T. Zulkowski's Grandmother, Margie Ree Harris. "Grandma's House" gives a compelling insight into how the Executive Producer's life changed when she moved into her Grandmother's home, and their generations became one under the same roof. Chock-full of passion, Faith, and Family, the Film demonstrates the trials and tribulations she faced living with a Grandparent who stood as an inner-city Matriarch and Pillar of Strength to selflessly serve her Family, and surrounding community. A young lad turns a conman after losing his parents at a young age. Money is his only priority in life and he tricks the greedy and gullible lot to make sure his monetary needs are met. However, things go awry when he gets caught by a gang of baddies. How he escapes from their clutches and finds the purpose to his life through a woman forms the story of Bluff Master. The movie is directed by Santhossh Jagarlapudi and produced by Dheeraj Boggaram and Beeram Sudhakar Reddy under the banner Taurus Cinecorp.https://www.themoviedb.org/movie/new?language=en-US#next Nishith (Sumanth) suffers from a unique condition that keeps him awake at nights. He takes up a night job upon his doctor's suggestion. But taking up this job brings out a side of him no one knew existed. Wang Nan, a young mother who lost children because of abduction and trafficking of children in an ordinary town, went deep into the traffickers' organization to find daughters and little fish. At the same time, the local police, Huo Yan, also obtained many criminal clues about many trafficking cases. Gialli is a blood drenched slasher movie throwback to 70's gore films. Set in the future the world has been split into sectors, humans have captured deviants and force them to fight to the death. Madman Dominion Harvey hosts the immortal wars and televises the show to the entire planet. Trikalypse and fellow deviants will not only fight to survive, but to bring down Dominion Industries. After self righteous rockstar Jonny Splatter puts a bullet in his own head, only five people are chosen to attend the reading of Splatter's will. The manager, the shrink, the guitarist, the lover, and the groupie. Will they get what they came for or what Splatter thinks they deserve? Under restrictive and mysterious rules a handmaid went crazy when her children became sick. An elegant dinner, which takes place in real time, brings together a group of intellectuals in the early 90s in Sao Paulo, Brazil: the hosts are the editor of the country's top news magazine and her husband, the company's lawyer, and the occasion is the wedding anniversary of the magazine publisher and his wife, a famous theater actress. The publisher has written an open letter to the president of the country, with serious denunciations, which will run in the upcoming issue. He risks being arrested this very evening. As tensions increase with the imminence of prison, secrets come to light revealing the conflict between the ethics sought in public life and the ethics practiced in private life. A sci-fi short film written and directed by Benjamin, an AI. A happy family returns from a vacation to find their home invaded by a criminal family and must fight for survival. "The Conductor" is the first feature length film created entirely by the artist Jeremy Mann.  It is a story told through a dreamscape metaphor of the eternal artistic struggle. Adaptation of Shakespeare's Antony and Cleopatra, a historical drama that attempts to bring an epic visual style to the Bard's original stage play. The story concerns Marc Antony's attempts to rule Rome while maintaining a relationship with the queen of Egypt (Hildegarde Neil), which began while Antony was still married. Now he is being forced to marry the sister of his Roman co-leader, and soon the conflict leads to war. David Aames has it all: wealth, good looks and gorgeous women on his arm. But just as he begins falling for the warmhearted Sofia, his face is horribly disfigured in a car accident. That's just the beginning of his troubles as the lines between illusion and reality, between life and death, are blurred. Convinced that his life is in jeopardy, Satyakam, the son of a business magnate hailing from Mussoorie, approaches Byomkesh with a plea for help. The legendary detective soon heads to Mussoorie, where he finds out that the youngsters worst fears have come true. Can Byomkesh unravel the mystery shrouding Satyakam's murder before it is too late? Set in the backdrop of Angamaly, Cuban Colony tells the tale of five close friends whose friendship is tested by the challenges they face in their otherwise happy life and how they deal with the challenges in their own style. A self help writer and her family become the target of a troubled girl. AND YOU'RE TO BLAME! Honey, you give love a bad name. (The story of a man coming to terms with the sins and secrets of his notorious brother and, in the process, exploring the legacy of violence in his own family.) The adventure unfolds as Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn - Tom's friend from the streets - witness a murder in the graveyard. Tom and Huck flee to Jackson Island and make a pact never to tell anyone about the incident. However, when the good-natured Muff Potter, who has been blamed for the murder is sentenced to death by hanging, Tom breaks his promise and returns to exonerate Muff Potter. In jun Joe, the actual murderer, makes a hasty exit from the courtroom during the trial. A short time later, Tom and Huck find references to a treasure and have to face In jun Joe again. UFC 121: Lesnar vs. Velasquez was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on October 23, 2010 at the Honda Center in Anaheim, California, United States. Elizabeth is an orphan, raised in a convent, who is loved by all. Yet, one night, the good-natured teenager is found dead under mysterious circumstances. Her death throws the students of her college into the throes of a protest lead by her best friend and confidante Mikki. Elizabeth's life is then opened up threadbare to find what killed her. A road trip turns into a spooky nightmare as a family of four is attacked by strange entities Marcela's world becomes strange and unfamiliar after her sister Rina dies. She feels lost in her own house, and her relationship with her husband and children seems to suffer. But when Nacho, a young friend of her daughter's, unexpectedly drops by, she starts to talk and walk with him. Gradually Marcela begins to have conversations with relatives from another dimension. When a woman's teenage daughter becomes internet famous, she becomes worried about the amount of attention her daughter is receiving. Her fears prove justified when she realizes someone is stalking her daughter. Truckers battle a Nazi who has hidden out in Mexico. Subplot involves the disappearance of a reclusive billionaire. A suicidal young singer named Reni (Cecilia Bengolea) is about to get kicked out of her band when she meets a male gigolo, Andres (Leonardo Brezicki), at an ATM after he picks her pocket. They begin an affair, and she decides to become a hooker so she can spend more time with her newfound love. Suicide's beginning to look good! Filmed in Buenos Aires. Eszter, 16, is secretly in love with her English teacher, while Peter, also 16, is hopelessly in love with Eszter. One day, the teacher announces that he is leaving the school to move to London. That same day, Eszter receives a farewell e-mail message from him. An online affair begins and spirals into sexual abuse. When Bobby's car breaks down in the desert while on the run from some of the bookies who have already taken two of his fingers, he becomes trapped in the nearby small town where the people are stranger than anyone he's encountered. After becoming involved with a young married woman, her husband hires Bobby to kill her. Later, she hires Bobby to kill the husband. An inventor (Bert Lahr) and his lanky girlfriend (Charlotte Greenwood) set an altitude record in his winged contraption. Soon after Gogol's death, Binh names him guilty for the deaths of the Cossacks and the young women at the hands of the Dark Horseman, since he was the one who ordered them to be hidden in the barn. Bomgart is unable to perform a post-mortem analysis on the Gogol's body, while Vakula's daughter Vasilina (who secretly has magic abilities) proclaims denial about Gogol's demise. Two young lovers learn that a small group of child-like space aliens are marooned on Earth and are being held prisoner at a top secret military facility. The couple then decide to liberate the extraterrestrial castaways and help them make a rendezvous with a rescue ship sent from the alien home planet. A band of medieval mercenaries take revenge on a noble lord who decides not to pay them by kidnapping the betrothed of the noble's son. As the plague and warfare cut a swathe of destruction throughout the land, the mercenaries hole up in a castle and await their fate.  A cop, who is on leave, is asked to re-open an old case that deals with the death of a young boy and girl. As his probe hits a brick wall, he reads his wife's short story that curiously resembles the lives of those he has been investigating. A circus' beautiful trapeze artist agrees to marry the leader of side-show performers, but his deformed friends discover she is only marrying him for his inheritance. A Brooklyn teenager juggles conflicting identities and risks friendship, heartbreak, and family in a desperate search for sexual expression. A man obsessed with conspiracy theories becomes a target after one of his theories turns out to be true. Unfortunately, in order to save himself, he has to figure out which theory it is.  Eager to add value to her property before selling it, newly divorced Kate Hunt hires an amiable but eccentric local carpenter named Howard to build her a new deck. Initially the perfect craftsman, Howard's behavior grows ever more peculiar as work progresses and it soon becomes clear that Howard's eccentricities mask a complex and devious personality that threatens to upturn Kate's whole life, locking the pair in a battle of wills that may cost both of them their sanity. Inspired by actual events. The widow of a wise professor stumbles upon one of his inventions that's able to record and play a person's memory. When a mysterious "John Doe" wakes up in a morgue and wanders into a psychiatric ward, a devoted doctor and curious medical examiner must slowly uncover dark and sinister secrets about the man that reveal a more horrifying truth than they could have ever imagined. On August 5, 1947 an astounding announcement was made: Dr. F. Bruce Russell, a retired doctor from Cincinnati, had found a cave with giant mummified remains and artifacts from a lost civilization. Fifteen years earlier a miner broke through a mine shaft and into a tunnel of caverns, which he claimed led to the remains of an ancient people. And before that, one of the men who hauled borax in the big wagons also stumbled upon a cavern with remnants of a forgotten and lost race. All of these accounts take place in Death Valley, the deepest, driest, hottest place in America's Mojave Desert. Filmmaker and Historian Ted Faye takes you on a journey to discover whether there really are caverns of gold and mummies in this most famous desert valley. Included is spectacular scenery, aerial photography, archival footage and photographs, historical reenactments and interviews. Ramiro Forteza is a Premier League goalkeeper whom the Civil War and the rigors of the war led to make a living visiting villages and challenging locals to mark him penalty goals. One evening he arrives to a town in Asturias and meets Manuela, a young widow with a son, who survives sewing for Ursula, Andrade's wife, the Civil Guard sergeant. An apartment kitchen: a man and a woman discuss Little Red Riding Hood, their voices hushed, mindful of waking the little girl sleeping next room. Waste land on the city outskirts: behind a line of abandoned trailers, the man silently watches what seems to be a family. The same city, the same man: driving through traffic with two hand-made firing pins for a hunting rifle. The man is 42 years old, his name - Viorel. Troubled by obscure thoughts, he drives across the city to a destination known only to him. Joaquin likes to hang around with friends, smoke pot and watch films. One night, Josefine stays with him and they have sex. The next day she is gone, leaving blood in the bathtub. After that, strange things start to happen to Joaquin. A fortune teller tells him the shocking truth. A daring, scary and disorienting debut with a fresh voice and a stoner sense of humour. A social conscience thriller about a courageous Afro-Caribbean girl from Haiti, who is trapped inside a human-trafficking network in the United States. She chooses to risk her life in order to gain her freedom and expose an explosive conspiracy whereby unsuspecting illegal immigrants are routinely murdered in an elaborate, multi-million-dollar, life-insurance racket. Two psychos escape from the maximum security wing of Broadmoor Prison and sneak in the backdoor of a theatre to hide away while a performance of a stage play titled "Murder in the Dark" stages its final night. The story of an improbable friendship and a social comment on life in Bolivia in the eighties.  A daring young man joins a gang that is behind chain-snatching crimes in the city. What's his game plan? A brother's journey to unravel the truth about the mythic death and little known life of Kitty Genovese, who was reportedly murdered in front of 38 witnesses and has become the face of urban apathy. While playing football, two children stumble across the grave of a French WWI infantryman who died in the trenches in 1918. His name was Pierre Delpeuch and in the last days of his life he and his comrades shared an extraordinary human adventure. Exhausted, cut off from the front, huddled in their trench, Pierre and four others bravely stood firm. Facing them was another trench containing five similar exhausted and determined Germans. Their only aim was to resist, whatever the cost, until reinforcements arrived. Evan values family above all else, and anyone who gets between him, his wife, and newborn son learns that the hard way. But when it comes to violent tendencies, it seems the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. James Bond must investigate a mysterious murder case of a British agent in New Orleans. Soon he finds himself up against a gangster boss named Mr. Big. Longtime friends Joaquin and Carol share more than a codependent relationship. They both lack a clear vision of where their lives are headed. Joaquin manages a drastic rupture with his immediate family due to the bigotry of a conservative figure towards his sexuality. Carol faces multiple unfruitful relationships that have provoked a recurring thought. The arrival of a third party unleashes a series of events that'll determine the paths of each of them and the legitimacy of the relationship. During the height of summer, Caroline, a forty-year-old Parisian and mother, arrives in a small village in the south of France. She must hastily organize the funeral of her mother, a flighty lawyer, whom she barely used to see. Caroline is welcomed by Pattie, who likes to talk about her love affairs with the local men to anyone who'll listen. Then, while the whole valley gets ready for the traditional mid-summer dance, Caroline's mother's corpse mysteriously disappears... In a climate of xenophobia and confusion, a San Francisco hotline aims to provide limited assistance to a targeted population. A thriller film directed by Manoj Kumar Natarajan, starring Varalaxmi Sarathkumar in the lead role.  After a virus of epic proportions overwhelms the planet--with more infected than uninfected--humanity is losing its grip on survival and its only hope is finding a cure and keeping the infected contained. Lauren, a doctor, arrives in Los Angeles with her crack team to lead the hunt for uncontaminated civilian survivors, but nothing can prepare them for the blood-soaked mayhem they witness as they head into the Californian streets where everything is considered a trap. An inexperienced detective and a psychologist must learn to work together to stop a masked killer who's terrorizing their small town. CENTIGRADE is about a Man (Colin Cunningham) who lives in an old, busted up camper trailer... But wakes up one morning to find himself (and it) rolling down the highway... Ruoxuan lost all of her childhood memories due to an accident happened at her old home when she was a kid. Years later, the old mansion was turned into a medical school. However, whenever Ruoxuan passes by the remains of the old house -- an old well, she has bits and pieces of memories flashing back to her. Realizing there must be some special connections between the old well and the memories she has lost, she decided to dig more about the situation. At the same time, her boyfriend went missing mysteriously. In order to save her boyfriend and to unfold the truth, Ruoxuan made a trip down the old well. American tattoo artist Jake Sawyer wanders the world, exploring and exploiting ethnic themes in his tattoo designs. At a tattoo expo in Singapore, he gets his first glimpse at the exotic world of traditional Samoan tattoo (tatau), and, in a thoughtless act, unwittingly unleashes a powerful angry spirit. In his devastating journey into Pacific mysticism, Jake must find a way to save his new love, Sina and recover his own soul. Seven years after their first infatuated encounter, Abril and Manuel meet again. Despite the fact that they are both married, it is soon apparent that their attraction has only grown. An alien invasion is caught in the surveillance cameras of an office building during a weekend work party. Newlyweds Jun-ho and Eun-jin join six other couples as they all embark on a honeymoon excursion to Cheju Island. But the trip takes a tragic turn when Jun-ho's eyeless corpse is discovered the next morning and detective Pyun-shik must find the killer. Eun-joo dreams of being a plastic surgery specialist while she works as a nurse. At night, she has a job as Nabi, having sex on the phone to come up with money for her dad's medical bills. La Belle's madam Big Mama pays her girls in advance and forces them to do sexual activities like body cams while she rips them off their money. At La Belle are Candy, Cherry, Eunmi and other girls with stories but have sex on the phone with men.  Meanwhile, Joon-ho, Eun-joo's hospital director starts showing interest in Eun-joo who looks like his dead wife and they develop a romantic relationship. However, Eun-joo doesn't open up to him so he starts to feel disappointed. Joon-ho starts getting obssessed with her the more she pushes away from him until one day he sees her going to her night job. The true story of Tancredo Neves, the first civilian president of Brazil after a 20-year military dictatorship, and the infamous hospitalization which led to his death before he ever managed to take office. After their airplane crashes behind enemy lines, four soldiers must survive and try to find a way back to their battalion. However, when they come across a local peasant girl the horrors of war quickly become apparent. Rootwood follows two students who host 'The Spooky Hour', a podcast about paranormal phenomena and urban legends. When they are hired by a Hollywood film producer to shoot a horror documentary about the curse of The Wooden Devil, they smell their chance to become famous. Together, with their friend, they enter Rootwood Forest and investigate the area to find out the truth about The Wooden Devil and his victims. When a new student named Zara moves in to a hostel, strange things start happening to four close friends: Haris, Daniel, Reen and Jojo. Zara turns out to be a rape victim who leads a traumatic life after aborting the baby she ended up carrying as an aftermath of the assault. Trying to start a new lease on life, she enrolls in college and lives on campus. The four friends are experiencing what Zara experiences too; all the paranormal activities and disturbances. But most disturbing for Zara is the pregnant woman who haunts her. After a Parsee millionaire ignores a letter from a mafia leader, his partner dies and his partner's son gets kidnapped. He hires Kiriti Roy to investigate the case and find the culprit. A couple moves into a beautiful duplex and starts experiencing paranormal activities. 7 girls and 1 fab gay guy plan a getaway to a remote ranch for a week of gossip and grub. They start off where they always do, old rivalries in place, extreme vanity covering great insecurities, but with a true love for each other underneath the bickering, sniping and sassing. A number of drinks into night one and a dark secret is revealed. The house they rented is the site of a mass murder of teenage girls 15 years earlier. Blood still stains the floors under replacement carpets. The killer still runs free. The girls take it for what it seems - a fun story for a rainy night by a roaring fire. But after one of them disappears and is discovered dead, the story doesn't seem so fun anymore. 1 by 1, they die, killed by their own vanity. The fun-filled week turns into a race against death. Who will make it out alive? A traumatized, alcoholic Dan Torrance meets Abra, a kid who also has the ability to "shine." He tries to protect her from the True Knot, a cult whose goal is to feed off of people like them in order to remain immortal. Elio Perlman is spending the summer with his family at their vacation home in Lombardy, Italy. When his father hires a handsome doctoral student, the curious 17-year-old finds himself developing a growing attraction to the young man. The Freeling family move in with Diane's mother in an effort to escape the trauma and aftermath of Carol Anne's abduction by the Beast. But the Beast is not to be put off so easily and appears in a ghostly apparition as the Reverend Kane, a religeous zealot responsible for the deaths of his many followers. His goal is simple - he wants the angelic Carol Anne. Set in the 70s, 7ujuh tells a tragic story of a group of seven friends who are on their semester break when they decide to take a road trip to a remote bungalow tended by the village head and his daughter, Suri. With a rollicking "frat party" in mind, they request Suri to stay on to help them with serving and cleaning. However, the wild party goes out of hand. Aibileen Clark is a middle-aged African-American maid who has spent her life raising white children and has recently lost her only son; Minny Jackson is an African-American maid who has often offended her employers despite her family's struggles with money and her desperate need for jobs; and Eugenia "Skeeter" Phelan is a young white woman who has recently moved back home after graduating college to find out her childhood maid has mysteriously disappeared. These three stories intertwine to explain how life in Jackson, Mississippi revolves around "the help"; yet they are always kept at a certain distance because of racial lines. Set against the backdrop of the Philippines Government's crackdown on illegal drugs, a SWAT-led police force launches an operation to arrest Abel, one of the biggest druglords in Manilla. Police Officer Espino and Elijah, a small-time pusher turned informant, provide the intelligence for the operation which quickly escalates into a violent and heavely-armed confrontation in the slums between the SWAT and Abel's gang. Before the investigators arrive at the crime scene, Espino and Elijah walk off with Abel's backpack full of money and methamphetamine. Artist and designer Yolanda Sonnabend resides in decaying splendor in the last un-renovated house in a posh suburb of London. Surrounded by fifty years of painting, sculpture, frames, fabric, books, the archeologia and the ephemera of her frenzied imagination, Yolanda says "I'm a prisoner of rubbish". Meanwhile, her older brother has moved in with his grand piano. Subira, is a young, free-spirited girl from the rural areas of Kenya. She seems to have her whole life ahead of her, that is, until the death of her loving and encouraging father. Life hits her hard afterwards, with traditional submissive expectations preventing her from leading the life she desires. A sheltered Indian couple visits their son in the U.S. for the first time and bungles their apartment rental, ending up in close quarters with their hosts, a gay couple and their dogs. During WWII, a strong-willed 12-year-old boy tries to steer his vocationally and maritally confused father straight, at the same time striving to keep his honor while the gang in his new neighborhood bully him. A group of drunk students kills a person in road accident and disposes the body. The ghost of deceased starts to get revenge. Film about the fall and capture of the former head of the peruvian intelligent service Vladimiro Montesinos. A young-wife desperate to give her beloved comatose and dying husband a child considers her only option: cloning.  Giving birth to a son fulfills her dream of having a family. But the arrival of the baby awakens a supernatural presence unleashing unexpected results.  The family must make an impossible choice and live with a secret forever. (DCIFF) A married couple suspect that the 'smart apartments' in their high tech residence are being used by its owner for sinister reasons. How do you wake up a sleeping puppet? Made by Trnka in collaboration with actor and puppeteer Josef Pehr, this winsome mix of live action and puppet play is enchanting entertainment for the youngest of viewers. When Josef arrives at John's apartment for a date, their prickly energy slowly gives way to genuine chemistry. But after swallowing a pill with mind-bending effects, Josef quickly slides helplessly down a rabbit hole of temporal sleight-of-hand, plunged into a surreal interrogation of everything he is.  Two unemployed people lose control and start earning money through some frauds. Aiko saw her parents murdered by the Yakuza when she was young. She grows up to become a killer to avenge her parents. her quest becomes more complicated when she learns her target is also and orphan and also has a blind daughter. In this sword and sandal fantasy, Poseidon must battle a gladiator quartet in ancient Rome. If he wins, the son of Hercules will have his life and anything else he wants. Sure enough, he wins and asks that the life of a Christian girl be spared. But the girl refuses her liberty until all of her fellow believers are also released. 3D Realms has teamed up with some of the most iconic legends behind one of the oldest genre of video games to bring you a piece of gaming history like no other. coming soon.. A group of former computer University colleagues and their partners meet for dinner after several years only to share one of the most secret files on the Internet. Emmy who lives in the UK, comes to India to organised a real life game. The game is launched in India. 5 players from 5 states participate in it to win Rs. 2 Crore. Three young boys and two beautiful girls become the part of the game. In 1960, a team of Israeli secret agents is deployed to find Adolf Eichmann, the infamous Nazi architect of the Holocaust, supposedly hidden in Argentina, and get him to Israel to be judged. A traumatized, alcoholic Dan Torrance meets Abra, a kid who also has the ability to "shine." He tries to protect her from the True Knot, a cult whose goal is to feed off of people like them in order to remain immortal. Mystical thriller about an investigation carried out by three characters into the disappearance of the residents of a small town. The film is characterized by a twisted plot and alternating main suspects until, at the end of the film, the viewers are presented with a strikingly different version of the story. It is the second film by Marius Pocevicius, in which an ironic and absurd world is created and complex narrative wings that involve the viewer throughout the film's time. Bushra, a beautiful woman, devotes her life to her career as a nurse, saves the life of Inspector Karim, who, together with his aides, sought to dismantle a terrorist cell, before he fell in love with her and married her. While driving home from her day, a young woman witnesses another woman lying in the street covered in a strange goo and warning of a threat from space before she passes. Relaying the information to the authorities, she learns of the real nature of the incident and how several other strange disappearances around the city are related to the events she reported. Talking to her friend about the situation, he begins looking into the reported cases of women disappearing only to himself disappear during the ensuing investigation. Turning to her sister to help process the situation, they find themselves the target of strange alien-like amoebas looking to abduct human women in order to procreate with them and must team up with the Defense Ministry investigating the events in order to stop the creatures from taking over the Earth. President Lincoln's mother is killed by a supernatural creature, which fuels his passion to crush vampires and their slave-owning helpers. After the death of her father, Little Voice or LV becomes a virtual recluse, never going out and hardly ever saying a word. She just sits in her bedroom listening to her father's collection of old records of Shirley Bassey, Marilyn Monroe and various other famous female singers. But at night time, LV sings, imitating these great singers with surprising accuracy. One night she is overheard by one of her mother's boyfriends, who happens to be a talent agent. He manages to convince her that her talent is special and arranges for her to perform at the local night club, but several problems arise. Grady is a 50-ish English professor who hasn't had a thing published in years -- not since he wrote his award winning "Great American Novel" 7 years ago. This weekend proves even worse than he could imagine as he finds himself reeling from one misadventure to another in the company of a new wonder boy author. 1984 Bollywood romantic drama.  India's caste system keeps lovers Rajeshwar and Bharati apart, but their struggles take a backseat when a second pair of lovers, Tilak and Rani, become wrapped up in accusations of murder. Aadavari Matalaku Ardhalu Verule (Telugu: aaddvaari maattaalku ardhaalu veerulee, English: Women Say Something But Mean Something Else) is a 2007 Telugu language film, written and directed by Tamil film director Selvaraghavan, making his directorial debut in the Telugu film industry. The film stars Venkatesh and Trisha Krishnan in the lead and Kota Srinivasa Rao and Sriram) in supporting roles while Yuvan Shankar Raja composed the music for the film. The title for this film was derived from a song from N. T. R's Missamma. The film was released commercially on 27 April 2007 and became highly successful. It was also a critical success, winning three Nandi Awards and one Filmfare Award. Following the huge success, the film was remade into Tamil as Yaaradi Nee Mohini with Dhanush and Nayantara in lead.The role of Trisha Krishnan was initially given to Jyothika Saravanan. After suffering the recent loss of his wife, David Reynolds decides to take his family on a cathartic trip to her home village in Columbia. While en route, they get into a car accident and seek refuge in a secluded inn. While there they find a mysterious young girl, Ana Maria, locked up with cryptic symbols painted on the walls of her cell. Shocked by the treatment of her caretaker, the family sets Ana free only to realize that she is possessed by an evil spirit from centuries past. What's worse, the spirit can jump from person to person, creating a deadly dynamic amongst the once loving family. Now, David must figure out a way to lock the spirit up for good before it destroys him and his family. When Claire Spencer starts hearing ghostly voices and seeing spooky images, she wonders if an otherworldly spirit is trying to contact her. All the while, her husband tries to reassure her by telling her it's all in her head. But as Claire investigates, she discovers that the man she loves might know more than he's letting on. In 2019, Lincoln Six-Echo is a resident of a seemingly "Utopian" but contained facility. Like all of the inhabitants of this carefully-controlled environment, Lincoln hopes to be chosen to go to The Island -- reportedly the last uncontaminated location on the planet. But Lincoln soon discovers that everything about his existence is a lie. Dirty Harry Callahan returns for his final film adventure. Together with his partner Al Quan, he must investigate the systematic murder of actors and musicians. By the time Harry learns that the murders are a part of a sick game to predict the deaths of celebrities before they happen, it may be too late... When Mike finds out that he has he same neurological disease as his father, he decides to enter a chain of assisted suicides, which operates under one rule: if you want to die, you must kill someone first. It revolves about a team of "puliscredibles", consisting of three charismatic and adventurous police officers named Jack, Emily, and Popoy, who embark on a mission to stop crimes from occurring within their vicinity. A underground Klu Klux Klan cult plans their attack upon the small town of 'Kellerton' on the night of All Hallows' Eve to fulfill a long term ritual and take full control of the town. After her husband dies, Sarah moves her daughters Chrissy and Kilee to a new city. Kilee hates the move, feeling that they're running away from her dad's memory. When she's bullied at school and is endlessly fighting with her sister, it feels like the world is against her, until she discovers a doll, riddled with pins, in her backyard shed. She soon comes to believe that the doll holds supernatural powers but when it starts acting on its own, Kilee becomes concerned about what she might have unleashed on the people in her life. Troubled artist Cassie suffers with reoccurring visions of murder, which she copes with by committing the violent acts to canvas. But when her visions begin to manifest in real life, her friends and family begin to turn up dead. Realizing her visions actually provide a direct link to the killer, Cassie must now confront her own past in order to stop the murders and save herself. Steven, A young teenage boy, is found in a comatose state deep in the woods several months after his kidnapping. The man that kidnapped him is still at large and Steven is the only person who witnessed and survived the ordeal. Now, Steven has been brought to a Doctor who specializes in PTSD patients. Using his technology to guide his patients though their traumatic event, he must connect to Steven and make him face his fears in order to bring him out of his coma. Courier boy Saleem and cab driver Parthu are roommates who lie to their parents about being in Dubai and live in Hyderabad instead. When they come in possession of Desa Rahasyalu, written by an ex-Army major Yakub Khan, they perceive it to be something more than what it is and try to sell it to Pakistan. Kevin and Mike are young men trying to get ahead in the competitive world of tennis. When one of them discovers a dangerous key that can unlock their potential, things get out of hand. Their worlds become intertwined and spiral out of control. A small series of seemingly insignificant moments weave together with devastating consequences. Where do you draw the line between fact and fiction in one man's life? That's the issue confronting an art expert delving into the biography of a painter who drowned 50 years ago, whose presence suddenly makes itself felt through the appearance of a contemporary friend. first film from visual artist Rinus Van de Velde In the autumn of 2014, in the ATO zone, an intelligence group headed by experienced captain Anton Sayenko (called by nickname "Banderas") tries to prevent sabotage and neutralize the Russian saboteur. Amidst strictly enforced curfew by Bombay Police during December 1992 following Hindu-Muslim riots, Suryakant - one of four siblings from Malad's Malvani slums, heads home. In order to forget the death of Paul, the man of her life, Korine leaves Paris for a few weeks, to direct a report in Mongolia. Her meeting with the shaman Oyun will change her life: Korine has a rare gift that Oyun intends to unveil. Korine will agree to start a journey of discovery, which will lead her to discover a new culture, ancestral and forgotten ways, but most importantly herself. Set in the present-day political terrain and discourses in Nigeria, "If I Am President" tells the story of 37-year old Zinachi Ohams, the presidential candidate of the Nigerian Rebirth Party, a new party made up of young idealists and recently metamorphosed from a Civil Society Organization. The group make a push into the murky and rough political terrain, armed with little more than their ideals, and wade through challenges of nasty politically engineered attacks, to emerge as the party and candidate to beat in the elections. - my9jatv.com A car accident three years ago changed the fate of everyone. With the release of the perpetrators of the car accident, all parties have to face the cruel truth and examine their own hearts. Revenge or redemption? In a big mansion, a scientist has been experimenting with humans and animals, mixing their DNA together. A masked killer wreaks havoc in a small Italian village, and the police have no leads as the murders get worse with every passing day. A blogger steps up and tries to solve the case, and when he finds a pattern, people around him start dying. A frustrated man decides to take justice into his own hands after a plea bargain sets one of his family's killers free. He targets not only the killer but also the district attorney and others involved in the deal. The lifelong friendship between Rafe McCawley and Danny Walker is put to the ultimate test when the two ace fighter pilots become entangled in a love triangle with beautiful Naval nurse Evelyn Johnson. But the rivalry between the friends-turned-foes is immediately put on hold when they find themselves at the center of Japan's devastating attack on Pearl Harbor on Dec. 7, 1941. Japanese pink movie about two women being abducted and kept captive, part 2. The movie "Ottakkoru Kaamukan" is born when a vengeful lover goes out seeking his revenge. It takes the audience through a fascinating ride of romantic sequences and relationships of families, with its fresh approach and intriguing story telling. Students begin fighting for their lives when a mysterious virus breaks out. In this sequel to "My brother the Islamist," we continue to follow Robb Leech as the tries to understand his stepbrother's journey and transformation from middle-class boy to convicted terrorist. Sidhu is a playful youth who works in a mobile store. His only aim is to earn easy money. As time passes, he falls in love with Mythri who in turn is looking for the murderer of her sister. Knowing this, Siddhu starts helping Mythri and finds out that there are two other girls who have died in the same manner as her sister. Who is the murderer and what did he gain forms the rest of the story. Looking for any way to get away from the life and town he was born into, Tripp, a high school senior, builds a Monster Truck from bits and pieces of scrapped cars. After an accident at a nearby oil-drilling site displaces a strange and subterranean creature with a taste and a talent for speed, Tripp may have just found the key to getting out of town and a most unlikely friend. After being framed for a kidnapping, an honest cop races against time to clear his name and catch the conspirator. Sasha, a singer at a musical theatre, persuades his friend Kulik to take him to a remote sacred place for fishing. Soon they find out that wood spirits live here. Kulik warns Sasha to ask them of nothing and not to fool the evil spirit, but he breaks the taboo -- and now the spirits demand blood payment. Kulik faces a difficult choice: to leave Sasha in the forest and escape, or pull him out and pay with his life. When the American ambassador to Italy is kidnapped, a rogue U.S. government agent makes demands that send the President and the C.I.A. scrambling to protect a mysterious covert government project involving memory transference. With his brain recently scanned into a hard drive, the ambassador's knowledge of all international undercover agents becomes a hot commodity on the black market and only one scientist has the know-how to implant that data into another host. With a plethora of double agents in the mix, the C.I.A. dispatches Agent John Ramsay to find and secure the scientist. But, knowing who to trust becomes virtually impossible as corruption and treachery trickle down from the highest levels in this pulse-pounding spy thriller. An drunken ex-cop gets a shot at redemption when his young son is kidnapped after a smuggling deal goes belly up. Plagued with guilt over the recent murder of his mother, Father Harris takes a desolate country road on his way home from a night of heavy drinking. Startled by a crippled woman in the middle of the street and with no help in sight, the priest follows her deep into the woods where a mysterious cult surrounds him but inexplicably lets him go. Haunted by visions, Father Harris further questions his faith and delves deeper into investigating the demonic cult to satisfy his own morbid curiosity. What he finds is a maelstrom of unmitigated chaos that sends him into insanity and slowly pushes him face to face with pure evil in this chilling horror thriller. Sri Ramachandra Murthy (Rahul Vijay) aka Chandu is a happy-go-lucky 'rebel' with no ambition in life. Sheetal Jain (Kavya Thapar) is the precious daughter of Pramod Jain (Murli Sharma). She falls in love with Chandu's good nature but what happens when her father decides that he needs to change to be worthy of his daughter. In ancient Egypt, peasant Mathayus is hired to exact revenge on the powerful Memnon and the sorceress Cassandra, who are ready to overtake Balthazar's village. Amid betrayals, thieves, abductions and more, Mathayus strives to bring justice to his complicated world. Jesus said that the generation of believers alive for His second coming would be subject to the greatest onslaught of deception ever leveled at the body of Christ and that this deception would be predicated upon signs and wonders.  For many professing Christians this could be the most important video you ever watch. Perhaps the best expose of many modern so-called "prophets &amp; healers" ever made.  The National Prayer Network out of the United Kingdom has done an admirable job exposing such leaders as Benny Hinn, Kenneth Hagin, and Rodney Howard Brown, revealing that the tactics and methods they use when performing "signs and wonders" have their origin in the occult. These tapes are a sober warning for those caught up in TBN evangelists and leaders, believing them to be "anointed" men and women of God.  Speakers include: Andre Kole, Brian Edwards, Dave Hunt, Mark Haville, Ole Anthony, Dr. Peter May, Philip Foster, Roger Oakland and Dr. Stephan Sizer. Lea, a disturbed teenager, copes with depression and bullying as best as she can. Constantly butting heads with her single, struggling mother, she is driven into a bad group of so called friends. When she witness a murder, she finds herself cornered and fiercly fighting for her own life that she had tried to take so many times. A soldier introduces himself to the Peterson family, claiming to be a friend of their son who died in action. After the young man is welcomed into their home, a series of accidental deaths seem to be connected to his presence. A movie featuring four stories.  First is about a psychotic killer clown stalking a young woman. In the second a scream queen gets more than she bargained for when she is interviewed by a TV talk show hostess. The third is a nature run amok tale and the fourth tells the story of an FBI agent investigating a series of brutal murders in a small town. Doctor Channard is sent a new patient, a girl warning of the terrible creatures that have destroyed her family, Cenobites who offer the most intense sensations of pleasure and pain. But Channard has been searching for the doorway to Hell for years, and Kirsty must follow him to save her father and witness the power struggles among the newly damned. Nefeli (Nefeli Papaioannou) moves to her boyfriend's (Iraklis Savvopoulos) flat. After a while she discovers that strange hallucinations invade her life. Being afraid of her boyfriend's reaction to the bad news, she decides not to let him know about that situation. But after a while, she gets to know why those hallucinations became a part of her being. Kyung-min lives alone in a one-room apartment. One day, she found a trace of a stranger breaking into her room and soon a mysterious murder case begins to unravel A supernatural thriller set in a cozy Tennessee town where Sheriff Jimmy Muldoon and younger brother, Deputy Lloyd Muldoon, have a firm grasp of law and order until a stranger, Denny White, comes to town and horrible things begin to happen. Zhou Yue  and her boyfriend Shi Li Song  came to the villa for a holiday at the beach. However, the behavior of the female landlord is extremely weird. The room where the room is staying is full of strange decorations, which makes her fall into the trap. Inexplicable fear. Soon, strange things happened one after another. Zhou Yue discovered the hidden secret space in the villa and was forced to fall into an infinite loop. As the vague memory becomes clearer, the unresolved demons will drive her to make new choices. Hell-bent on avenging the murder of his family, a former detective infiltrates a remote island that serves as a prison for vicious death row criminals. A lottery operator tries to pay off a local gangster by taking him on a thrill ride from the slums of Lagos Island to the mansions of Ikoyi and back. Inspector Boro is an incorruptible, no-nonsense cop highly skilled in martial arts who gets suspended for bashing up a well connected gang of traffickers. A Superintendent of Police asks him to unofficially track down a girl named Sabrina Rai who has been missing for four days. While investigating, he learns that someone had taken her from her village to Guwahati city under the pretext of training her for the hospitality industry. While trying to track her down, Inspector Boro finds that her phone is switched off and she is missing from her hostel. He then heads to Guwahati and punches and kicks his way to the uncomfortable truth - Sabrina might have been entangled in a trafficking ring run by a corrupt policeman. When Rex finds himself left behind in the bathroom, he puts his limbs to use by getting a bath going for a bunch of new toy friends. A fan abducts a best-selling writer for recounting how he raped her 20 years ago in his latest book. Despite the physical and psychological ordeal, the novelist keeps claiming his innocence. Bagh Bandi Khela is an anthology of three different stories tied together by a single theme -- crime and its consequences. Sara is 23 years old and is blind. One morning she goes to her country house accompanied by her boyfriend Jose Luis, her cousin Carolina and her boyfriend Pedro. At first the trip seems to be quite fun, but there is a strange energy in this country house as a result of a very dark past. As time goes by, the truth begins to unfold, and the intentions of each of the characters engages them in unexpected carnal desires. All this happens around Sara's blindness. Anti Matter (AKA Worm) is a sci-fi noir take on the Alice in Wonderland tale. Ana, an Oxford PhD student, finds herself unable to build new memories following an experiment to generate and travel through a wormhole. The story follows her increasingly desperate efforts to understand what happened, and to find out who - or what - is behind the rising horror in her life. The film revolves around a small police investigation in Rudravaram village, which leads to solving a mystery around the underworld. Kotikokkadu is about Satya who runs a real-estate agency. His only goal is to fulfill his father's dream of living a billionaire's life. As a shortcut to achieve this goal, he starts robbing the illegal money held by the tax evaders. In order to put everyone in the dark, Satya claims that all those crimes are done by his look-alike thug Shiva. Not with standing that the two businessmen and a corrupt cop have started making moves to nail Satya. Does the police catch Satya with ample and substantial evidence or does he manage to walk scot-free? Shannon Whirry stars as Carrie and Terrie, a pair of twins who were separated in youth when their father murdered their mother and was in turn killed by his own bad twin daughter. Now the sweet-natured "good" sister has grown up to marry an abusive louse. Trapped in a sexless relationship, she seeks solace with a therapist (Kristine Kelly), but her problems are about to be compounded when her wicked sister arrives in town, intent on avenging herself on her double for past wrongs. Even the help of a private detective on her side may not be enough when her sister becomes allied with her own husband. Young and active nationalist Aleksander Keskula makes up his mind to use Lenin, the Bolsheviks' leader, in order to start a revolution in Russia with German money and create a new national state of Estonia in the north-east of Russia. For security reasons, five counterparts will be found and trained for Lenin; all of them are finally sent to Russia for participating in the revolution. How will the real Lenin put up with all this? How will the surrounding women and fellow fighters react? These are the questions clever Keskula is asking - and the answers will be born even before those involved start thinking of the matter. Izvestnyi professor netraditsionnykh nauk uznaet, chto na ego <<maloi rodine>> v dalekoi derevushke proiskhodiat strannye veshchi, ne poddaiushchiesia logicheskomu osmysleniiu. Komandirovav svoego assistenta na mesto proisshestvii, professor ne podozrevaet o neveroiatnykh sobytiiakh, k kotorym privedet priezd <<upakovannogo>> gorodskogo nauchnogo rabotnika. Molodoi uchenyi pishet dissertatsiiu na temu <<Psikhodinamika koldovstva>> i pytaetsia dokazat', chto iavlenii, opisannykh v istoricheskikh sudakh nad ved'mami, byt' ne mozhet. No peredvigat' predmety odnim vzgliadom, v odno mgnovenie peremeshchat'sia na liubye rasstoianiia, chitat' chuzhie mysli i v odinochku srazhat'sia s tseloi armiei -- vse eto umeet simpatichnaia mestnaia devchonka, papasha kotoroi bezuspeshno pytaetsia vydat' iunuiu koldun'iu zamuzh... A mother (in her Minivan) stops at nothing to recover her kidnapped son. On a train headed for England a group of travelers is delayed by an avalanche. Holed up in a hotel in a fictional European country, young Iris befriends elderly Miss Froy. When the train resumes, Iris suffers a bout of unconsciousness and wakes to find the old woman has disappeared. The other passengers ominously deny Miss Froy ever existed, so Iris begins to investigate with another traveler and, as the pair sleuth, romantic sparks fly. A newlywed fears she's going mad when strange things start happening at the family mansion. Andrey is a well-known artist photographer who lives alone with his Labrador dog, Charley, in his own house with a swimming pool in a big city. While preparing for an important international exhibition, he meets a charming young woman Marina who turns out to be deaf and mute. Andrey brings Marina to his place, takes her photos and keeps her at his place for the night. The same repeats on the second day. Neither does he let her go away on the third day. Finally, the girl understands that she is a prisoner and tries to escape. A young couple embark upon their honeymoon against the chilling landscapes of the Pacific Northwest. But when tragedy strikes, gruesome secrets from their past collide with sinister forces of the present... This examination of a famous scandal from the 1970s explores the relationship between Barbara Baekeland and her only son, Antony. Barbara, a lonely social climber unhappily married to the wealthy but remote plastics heir Brooks Baekeland, dotes on Antony, who is homosexual. As Barbara tries to "cure" Antony of his sexuality -- sometimes by seducing him herself -- the groundwork is laid for a murderous tragedy. This story is divided in three chapters.  1) "The Visitor": The drifter writer Tran Thanh Loc arrives in an old house and is lodged by the gorgeous Hoa. Along the days, he falls in love for her and discloses the truth about the hostess. 2) "Only Child": Loc is sick, totally disconnected of the world, but his nurse Linh heals him. He writes the best-seller The Visitor about his relationship with Hoa and becomes a successful writer. He proposes and marries Linh, but when he decides to have a baby, Linh is haunted by her hidden obscure past. 3) "The Diviner": Linh's parents send the fraudulent diviner Lan to use her pretentious knowledge of Feng Shui to help Loc, and she sees ghost in the house. Her son and aspirant writer Bao does not believe on his mother until he finds a surprising secret about Loc. Short -  -  Humberto Berlanga, Julian Bucio, Axel Cabello Air Force Major Lloyd Gruver (Marlon Brando) is reassigned to a Japanese air base, and is confronted with US racial prejudice against the Japanese people. The issue is compounded because a number of the soldiers become romantically involved with Japanese women, in defiance of US military policy. Ordinarily an officer who is by-the-book, Gruver must take a position when a buddy of his, an enlisted man Joe Kelly (Red Buttons) falls in love with a Japanese woman Katsumi (Miyoshi Umeki) and marries her. Gruver risks his position by serving as best man at the wedding ceremony. Ellie and her faithful dog Totoshka again find themselves in the Magic Country at the most appropriate time. The authorities in the Emerald City are again trying to capture the treacherous Urfin Jus, who, although he lost an army of wooden soldiers, did not abandon his bad habit of spoiling life for everyone. In the hands of Urfin is now the magic book of the sorceress Gingema, who fulfills any desire of her master, which means that the Scarecrow the Wise, the Brave Leo and the Iron Woodman are in danger. Ally, Totoshka and their new friend Tim decide to help the people of the Magic Country. Moreover, Tim likes Ellie, and what can't you do for the sake of love? For example, nonsense. But everyone makes mistakes, but few are able to correct them. In the center of the story is the life of the indigenous people of the village Bakhtia at the river Yenisei in the Siberian Taiga. The camera follows the protagonists in the village over a period of a year. The natives, whose daily routines have barely changed over the last centuries, keep living their lives according to their own cultural traditions. Rachel Watson, devastated by her recent divorce, spends her daily commute fantasizing about the seemingly perfect couple who live in a house that her train passes every day, until one morning she sees something shocking happen there and becomes entangled in the mystery that unfolds. Two inexperienced young girls rob the man who gave them a lift... but him, Carlo, is not a person like anyone else. Hearts Alive, Seabeast, The Wolf Is Loose, Bladecatcher, Colony of Birchmen, Megalodon, Divinations, Sleeping Giant, Oblivion, Trainwreck, Mother Puncher, Circle of Cysquatch, Iron Tusk, March of the Fire Ants, Aqua Dementia, Crack the Skye, Crystal Skull After her daughter Lacey goes off to a prestigious university, Carol finds herself with an empty nest and decides to rent out her room. When Nikki, a local college student answers the ad, it feels like a perfect fit. What Carol doesn't know is that Nikki was her daughter's high school rival, and that she believes Carol cheated her out of a chance to attend a better school by pulling strings for Lacey. Now, Nikki has come to avenge the future she feels has been stolen from her. Lauralee Bell and Virginia Tucker star.  When a young man becomes possessed after playing an Ouija game, a ghost hunter investigates the evil spirit dwelling within him. New Orleans businessman Michael Courtland's life is shattered when his wife and daughter are tragically killed in a botched kidnap rescue attempt. Many years later whilst visiting Italy he meets and falls in in love with Sandra Portinari, who bears a striking resemblance to his wife. Debbie Ocean, a criminal mastermind, gathers a crew of female thieves to pull off the heist of the century at New York's annual Met Gala. A petty thief posing as an actor is brought to Los Angeles for an unlikely audition and finds himself in the middle of a murder investigation along with his high school dream girl and a detective who's been training him for his upcoming role... Sri Ramachandra Murthy (Rahul Vijay) aka Chandu is a happy-go-lucky 'rebel' with no ambition in life. Sheetal Jain (Kavya Thapar) is the precious daughter of Pramod Jain (Murli Sharma). She falls in love with Chandu's good nature but what happens when her father decides that he needs to change to be worthy of his daughter. 