The story of a long-lost book that mysteriously reappears and connects an old man searching for his son with a girl seeking a cure for her mother's loneliness. An Arab surgeon living in Tel Aviv discovers a dark secret about his wife in the aftermath of a suicide bombing. While subjected to the horrors of WWII Germany, young Liesel finds solace by stealing books and sharing them with others. Under the stairs in her home, a Jewish refuge is being sheltered by her adoptive parents. Four couples, all friends, descend on a tropical island resort. Though one husband and wife are there to work on their marriage, the others just want to enjoy some fun in the sun. They soon find, however, that paradise comes at a price: Participation in couples therapy sessions is mandatory. What started out as a cut-rate vacation turns into an examination of the common problems many face. France, 1940. In the first days of occupation, beautiful Lucile Angellier is trapped in a stifled existence with her controlling mother-in-law as they both await news of her husband: a prisoner of war. Parisian refugees start to pour into their small town, soon followed by a regiment of German soldiers who take up residence in the villagers' own homes. Lucile initially tries to ignore Bruno von Falk, the handsome and refined German officer staying with them. But soon, a powerful love draws them together and leads them into the tragedy of war. In order to break the great difficulties caused by the Japanese invasion of the Japanese army and the economic blockade of the Kuomintang, the Shaanxi-Gansu-Ningxia Border Region government led by the Communist Party of China called on the military and civilians in the border areas to "work while fighting" With Masculin feminin, ruthless stylist and iconoclast Jean-Luc Godard introduces the world to "the children of Marx and Coca-Cola," through a gang of restless youths engaged in hopeless love affairs with music, revolution, and each other. French new wave icon Jean-Pierre Leaud stars as Paul, an idealistic would-be intellectual struggling to forge a relationship with the adorable pop star Madeleine. Through their tempestuous affair, Godard fashions a candid and wildly funny free-form examination of youth culture in throbbing 1960s Paris, mixing satire and tragedy as only Godard can. As part of the Centenary of the Great War celebrations, this film focuses on a crucial moment of the conflict: the intervention of the United States in Europe. China's first peacekeeping military film "China Blue Helmet" tells the story of the current Chinese peacekeeping force's officers and men in Africa's resolute implementation of President Xi's "building a community of human destiny", strictly fulfilling the mission entrusted by the United Nations, and dispatching the "Bing King" The operational team headed by Du Feng risked his life and rescued the UN investigation team from the terrorists, thus preventing a war that was triggered, maintaining the order of the refugee camp and safeguarding the rights and interests of the refugees. But the young soldiers also sacrificed their lives in order to maintain peace in Africa during this operation... China's first peacekeeping military film "China Blue Helmet" tells the story of the current Chinese peacekeeping force's officers and men in Africa's resolute implementation of President Xi's "building a community of human destiny", strictly fulfilling the mission entrusted by the United Nations, and dispatching the "Bing King" The operational team headed by Du Feng risked his life and rescued the UN investigation team from the terrorists, thus preventing a war that was triggered, maintaining the order of the refugee camp and safeguarding the rights and interests of the refugees. But the young soldiers also sacrificed their lives in order to maintain peace in Africa during this operation... The greatest taboo of the Battle of Okinawa were Guerrilla units composed of boy soldiers. Until now, not even the Japanese people knew the full scope of these secret troops, and survivors have been afraid to share their tragic details. Okinawa became the bulwark to protect the Japanese mainland toward the end of World War II. After the Americans landed, a violent battle ensued resulting in the loss of over 200,000 lives - many of them civilian. This documentary uncovers Japan's deepest secrets concerning the Battle of Okinawa, and also sounds alarms about modern Japan's recent steps toward remilitarization. Germany, 1944. Leyna, the 15-year old daughter of a white German mother and a black African father, meets Lutz, a compassionate member of the Hitler Youth whose father is a prominent Nazi soldier, and they form an unlikely connection in this quickly changing world. Germany, May 1945, deep in the Harz Mountains a U.S. tank crew discovers a platoon of Germans preparing to ambush U.S. supply trucks. Direct to DVD movie: The German U-Boat, U-234, from the Port of Kiel is trading cargo with the Japanese. USS Seaviper must locate and stop this dangerous exchange. The Captain of USS Seaviper must go ashore to conduct reconnaissance on an island near Sumatra, but the ship is left in the hands of Mister Cutter, after the Executive Officer is injured in battle. A conflict between Cutter and the Chief of the Boat puts the submarine in jeopardy. Seaviper is trapped below the surface, with decreasing oxygen, and a Japanese destroyer hunting them from above. Damage to the boat also leave her survival in question. They must fight the Japanese destroyer and get the information about U-235 back to Pearl Harbor. A drama based on the experiences of Agu, a child fighting in the civil war of an unnamed, fictional West African country. Follows the journey of Agu as he's forced to join a group of soldiers. While Agu fears his commander and many of the men around him, his fledgling childhood has been brutally shattered by the war raging through his country, and he is at first torn between conflicting revulsion and fascination. Depicts the mechanics of war and does not shy away from explicit, visceral detail, painting a complex, difficult picture of Agu as a child soldier. The Iraq war has turned from 'Mission Accomplished' into a hellhole with an indeterminate outcome. There are no WMDs. No links to Al Qaeda. No imminent threat as promised by the administration. In an alternate reality, a group of angry and disgruntled U.S. soldiers set out on a suicide mission to uncover the truth. Doing the unthinkable, they kidnap the Commander in Chief and interrogate him using the same techniques they were trained to inflict upon the people whose country they invaded. Full-throttle melodrama about an ill-starred romance set against the backdrop of the siege of Sarajevo. A mother brings her teenage son to Sarajevo, where his father died in the Bosnian conflict years ago. A painful true story of a revolutionary Andian warrior whose strength and devotion to his people influenced many in Latin America, Africa and the West. As a war rages on in the province of Bougainville in Papua New Guinea, a young girl becomes transfixed by the Charles Dickens novel Great Expectations, which is being read at school by the only white man in the village.  In 1991, a war over a copper mine in the South Pacific tore the island of Bougainville apart. The reclusive "Popeye" (Hugh Laurie) offers the children in fourteen-year-old Matilda's tiny village an escape with Charles Dickens' Great Expectations. But on an island at war, fiction can have dangerous consequences. A chronicle of the Cristeros War (1926-1929), which was touched off by a rebellion against the Mexican government's attempt to secularize the country. Set during World War II, somewhere in Eastern Europe. A German soldier is found dead near the village. The local authorities must find the culprit, or they will be all shot by the Nazis the morning after. There's no way to find the guilty one, but there's Ipu, the madman of the village, whom they promise a hero's funeral if he will claims responsibility and agrees to die in their place. He must decide, and time is running out. A woman in an unnamed, war-torn Middle Eastern country delivers an engrossing, emotional monologue to her comatose husband, in novelist and filmmaker Atiq Rahimi's poetic and politically charged allegory based on his award-winning novel. (TIFF) Set in the fields of Devon and the WW1 battlefields of Flanders, two brothers fall for the same girl while contending with the pressures of their feudal family life, the war, and the price of courage and cowardice. The breath-taking story of a man who nearly would have changed the world. In 1939, when Hitler tricked millions of people at the height of his power, radical Georg Elser--disparaged as an assassin--is one of the greatest resistance fighters. The shadow of war follows a troubled Iraq War vet as he is forced to pursue one of his own into the Pacific Northwest wilderness to finally confront a war crime that has haunted them both. A grenade fired from a nearby hill kills the parents of a ten year old boy during the siege of Sarajevo in 1992. The Boy looses his ability to speak. A lady neighbor adopts and takes care of him. The Boy is thrown out from his destroyed apartment and begins to prowl around the city with a schoolmate. Too early and too soon, he goes through the process of growing up. He learns the meanings of such words as force, death, sex. He learns how to achieve. He learns about the values. He learns what matters the most. The Lady neighbor that takes care of him tries to shelter him and protect him. Unsuccessfully. The Boy rides to fall. Death and suffering become more frequent, and more severe. When the Lady neighbor's teenage son is killed by a sniper as a collateral damage, she then rejects the Boy. The Boy escapes the siege, and shoots from a cannon at the city.Fifteen years later, the Boy - now twenty five - and the Lady neighbor meet again. They are united in pain and suffering. Michael Delucca, a Vietnam veteran broken by his struggle with post-traumatic stress, recollects his violent postwar life in a raw and touching memoir for the son he never knew. In 1957, a son and mother flee the East and an abusive boyfriend to find a new life, and end up in Seattle, where the mother meets a polite garage mechanic. The boy continually gets into trouble by hanging out with the wrong crowd. The mom marries the mechanic, but they soon find out that he's an abusive and unreasoning alcoholic, and they struggle to maintain hope in an impossible situation as the boy grows up with plans to escape the small town by any means possible. Based on a true story by Tobias Wolff. In TJFF's 21 years, we've rarely seen a film quite like this one. Filmmaker Marc Halberstadt is trying to get back the property that his parents lost to the Nazis and collect 65 years of back rent. But he realizes that the land his family fled to and settled on in America had been seized from Native Americans, to whom, in fairness, he now owes 65 years of back rent. Then it hits him--why not let the Native Americans collect directly from the Germans? Cut out the middleman! He is joined by four Native Americans and travels to Germany to see if anyone will agree with this novel idea. A war criminal in hiding forms a relationship with his only connection to the outside world - his maid.  This harrowing war film is an epic dramatization of the first battle of World War II. The Battle of Westerplatte that began on 1 September 1939 will forever be remembered as the one that announced the beginning of the Second World War in Europe. Over one week, fewer than 200 Polish soldiers fought against heavy German bombardment and in the process came to symbolize the power of resistance. As the violence rages, a complex battle of a more personal nature plays out between two Polish commanders over how to best lead their men. Amid the bloodshed, they must ask themselves - should they fight until the last man standing or surrender in the face of overwhelming odds? What unfolds is a stirring exploration of the fight against the forces of tyranny. An eight-year-old boy is willing to do whatever it takes to end World War II so he can bring his father home. The story reveals the indescribable love a father has for his little boy and the love a son has for his father. Somewhere in Sub-Saharan Africa, Komona a 14-year-old girl tells her unborn child growing inside her the story of her life since she has been at war. Everything started when she was abducted by the rebel army at the age of 12. During World War II, looking up the Mountain, in Italy, a Brazilian Expeditionary Force - FEB - mines weeping platoon is hit by a panic-attack that sets them running aimlessly right in the middle of 'no man's land'. Desperate cold and hungry, the ill-prepared soldiers have to choose between facing military court or delve deeper into enemy lines. After a tense discussion, they decide to save their faces with the Brazilian Army by tackling a daring military objective: to disarm the most feared minefield in Italy. On their way there, they end meeting two others deserters; a remorseful Italian soldier trying to join the Partigianos and German officer who is just simply tired of war. with unexpected help of their ex-enemy, the soldiers are set to accomplish a mission that so far had been deemed impossible. To commemorate the 60th anniversary of the Korean War, actor/filmmaker Conor Timmis sets out on a year long journey to honor his late grandfather and the heroes of America's forgotten war The Inguri River forms a natural border dividing Georgia from Abkhazia. One of the spring floods has created a little island in the middle of the river, as if made for the cultivation of corn. At least, this is the belief of an old peasant, whose sunburned face resembles the landscape he has trodden for dozens of years. Farmer Emilio is forced to work for his cousin gathering the poppy crop while his nine-year-old son Simon befriends a girl of his age. She is obsessed with playing with a puppy dog she can't afford. Simon steals it for her every day, but returns it each night. One day, the cousin discovers Simon's secret and decides to use him for his own greedy plan. Despite the threat of war in the fall of 1939, the Germans decide to launch a sea expedition in search of evidence for Pangaea. Although the multi national geologists embark enthusiastically on their research mission, the growing political tension between their countries soon affects their work. With Britain and France declaring war on Germany, the civilian scientists now find themselves mere pawns in a global power struggle. Off-grid is not a state of mind. It is not about being out of touch, living in a remote place, or turning off your mobile phone. Off-grid simply means living without a connection to the electric and natural gas infrastructure. From 2011 to 2013 Jonathan Taggart (Director) and Phillip Vannini (Producer) spent two years travelling across Canada to find 200 off-gridders and visit them in their homes.  - Passionate romance, brutal treachery, and selfless nobility are set against the background of Napoleon's 1810 invasion of Portugal in Valeria Sarmiento's intimate epic. It's the late 1950s, and in an affluent and quietly respectable part of Buenos Aires, young Sulamit Lowenstein strikes up a friendship with her next-door neighbour Friedrich over the whereabouts of her family dog. She is the daughter of German-Jewish immigrants to Argentina, he is the son of a senior SS officer, a tragic political legacy from whose shadow both characters struggle to escape over the next three decades. Following the teenaged Friedrich to Germany, Sulamit finds him caught up in the radical politics of late-1960s student life; and she's forced to make important decisions about her attitude to her homeland when Friedrich returns to Argentina to join the fight against the military junta. An American soldier deployed at Abu Ghraib finds himself behind the walls of the infamous Hard Site, where he develops a secret friendship with an Iraqi detainee. "Stalingrad" follows the progress of a German Platoon through the brutal fighting of the Battle of Stalingrad. After having half their number wiped out and after being placed under the command of a sadistic Captain, the Lieutenant of the platoon leads his men to desert. The men of the platoon attempt to escape from the city which is now surrounded by the Soviet Army.  Two lovers, Yoga and Parvathi, meet on the battlefield of the Sri Lankan civil war. As the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam attack the Sri Lankan army and tighten their grip on the Tamil people, Yoga and Parvathi struggle with feelings for each other and their own commitments to the LTTE. Parvathi's family is relocated to a concentration camp and Yoga is sent on a mission to Colombo by a jealous LTTE commander. But they soon meet again in battle and Parvathi becomes pregnant with Yoga's child. In the final days of the war, the Sri Lankan army closes in on the LTTE and rescues the Tamil refugees, and the lovers desperately flee the army and the LTTE for the sake of their baby. When a young soldier in Vietnam gets dumped by his hometown girl, he and his best friend decide to go AWOL and return to the States to win her back. End of World War II, 1945. Lore leads her four younger siblings across a war-torn Germany. Amidst the chaos, she encounters Thomas, a mysterious refugee, who shatters her fragile reality with hatred and desire. To live, she must trust someone she does not know and face the darkness within herself. This latest installment of Babylon 5 is in two parts: the first, is about an entity that has possessed a worker. It wants to be exorcised but Col. Lochley prevents the priest &amp; sends it &amp; the host both back to Earth. The second is about Galen trying to dupe President Sheridan into assassinating the future Centauri President to stop him possibly attacking Earth in 30 years time. Sexual violence against women is a very effective weapon in modern warfare: instills fear and spreads the seed of the victorious side, an outrageous method that is useful to exterminate the defeated side by other means. This use of women, both their bodies and their minds, as a battleground, was crucial for international criminal tribunals to begin to judge rape as a crime against humanity. A UK-based military officer in command of a top secret drone operation to capture terrorists in Kenya discovers the targets are planning a suicide bombing and the mission escalates from "capture" to "kill." As American pilot Steve Watts is about to engage, a nine-year old girl enters the kill zone, triggering an international dispute reaching the highest levels of US and British government over the moral, political, and personal implications of modern warfare. The 1st Minnesota Volunteer Infantry Regiment fought bravely and gallantly during the Civil War. Their regiment was the first to sign up for the Union army and arrived at Gettysburg with less than 300 survivors. Many more would sacrifice their lives there as the men of the 1st Minnesota were twice at the center of a battle that decided America?s future. As the US commemorates the 150 year anniversary of Gettysburg, HUSH follows their journey from 1861 to 1865, through the milestones of the Civil War into the deciding battles of the historic conflict, and asks: What was the war really all about? What role did slavery and civil rights play in the conflict? What did the brave men and women fight for, and why is it still relevant to American politics and society today. In 1948, a cross-fire erupts at an isolated stretch of Indo-Pak border, leaving only two soldiers alive. One is an Indian soldier of Pakistani origin while the other happens to be a Pakistani soldier of Indian origin. An ironic story of pride and survival begins when - in an attempt to evade danger, they bump into each other. And amidst continuous exchange of bullets, altercations and murkier situations, it evolves into a journey of human connection with an unforeseeable end. Faced with the absurd competitiveness surrounding his son's youth league baseball team, Max Morris, a famous comedian, decides to get to know the colorful parents and coaches of the team better in an attempt to find the inspiration for his next movie. When a rival nation sends troops to invade the Song Dynasty, the emperor sends general Yang Ye (Adam Cheng) to defend the nation. However, Yang's place in the court is shaky due to a feud with Pan Renmei caused by the accidental death of his son at the hands of one of Yang's sons. At the battle, Yang is abandoned by Pan's troops, leaving him trapped in the face of an attack by Yeli Yuan (Shao Bing), an enemy general who wants to kill Yang to avenge his father. After learning about their father's predicament, Yang Ye's seven sons set out to rescue their father at any cost. A haunting portrait of a down and out comedian, part tale of redemption, love story and classic America family saga. A slice of life straight from the glass that cuts us. "These Old Broads" is a 2001 television film written by Carrie Fisher and starring her mother Debbie Reynolds, as well as Shirley MacLaine, Joan Collins, and Elizabeth Taylor in her final starring film role. Network television executive Gavin (Nestor Carbonell) hopes to reunite celebrated Hollywood stars Piper Grayson (Reynolds), Kate Westbourne (MacLaine), and Addie Holden (Collins) in a TV special after their 1960s movie musical "Boy Crazy" is re-released in the 1990s. Though the three women share the same agent, Beryl Mason (Taylor), Gavin's seemingly insurmountable obstacle is that they all cannot stand each other. A group of American GIs work their way through war-torn France during the final days of the Second World War. After returning home from an extended tour in Afghanistan, a decorated U.S. Army medic and single mother struggles to rebuild her relationship with her young son. An unfiltered look in to the lives of 3 characters surviving amongst the most recent cycle of conflict in the Democratic Republic of Congo, otherwise known as the M23 rebellion. Afghanistan, 2006, Helmand Province becomes one of the most dangerous places on Earth as the British Army is deployed into the Taliban heartland. The Operation, Herrick, became synonymous with the struggle as British troops fought a losing battle against this unseen enemy. As the Japanese surrender at the end of WWII, Gen. Fellers is tasked with deciding if Emperor Hirohito will be hanged as a war criminal. Influencing his ruling is his quest to find Aya, an exchange student he met years earlier in the U.S. In the thick of WWII, the 1st Special Service Force unit is called to duty on a secret rescue mission. Challenged by Nazis at every turn, our band of heroes bunker in a bombed out city and race against time to relay a message that is crucial to the Allies invasion of Sicily. Cornered and caught between a rock and a hard place, they only have one option: fire more bullets! A botched robbery indicates a police informant, and the pressure mounts in the aftermath at a warehouse. Crime begets violence as the survivors -- veteran Mr. White, newcomer Mr. Orange, psychopathic parolee Mr. Blonde, bickering weasel Mr. Pink and Nice Guy Eddie -- unravel. Taking inspiration from the collaborative 1967 militant anthology film Far from Vietnam, five of the boldest and most prominent American militant filmmakers unite to create this searing (and seething) omnibus work, employing a variety of approaches to reveal the hidden costs of the United States' (and Canada's) most expensive and longest-running war. (TIFF) Following nearly 40 years of unrelenting war, peace and reconstruction are slowly arriving to Angola. Huambo, Angola's second largest city, finds 55 children in the Okutiuka orphanage under the care of Sonia Ferreira. Her boyfriend, Wilker Flores, is a death metal guitarist who uses sounds and rhythms of this hardcore music as a path to healing. Or, as Sonia says, "to clear out the debris from all these years of war."  The feature documentary follows Wilker and Sonia's attempts to stage Angola's first-ever national rock concert, bringing together members from different strands of the Angolan hardcore scene from different provinces, as it all unfolds in fits and starts, against the bombed out and mined backdrop of the formerly stately Huambo. A Tamil woman stuck in a minefield must convince the army that she is not with the rebel forces. Hector is a quirky psychiatrist who has become increasingly tired of his humdrum life. As he tells his girlfriend, Clara, he feels like a fraud: he hasn't really tasted life, and yet he's offering advice to patients who are just not getting any happier. So Hector decides to break out of his deluded and routine driven life. Armed with buckets of courage and child-like curiosity, he embarks on a global quest in hopes of uncovering the elusive secret formula for true happiness. And so begins a larger than life adventure with riotously funny results. By late 1944, the Western Allies were infected with over-confidence that flowed from the sweeping victories they had gained since the Breakout from Normandy and that by December had carried them to the very borders of the Third Reich. They were confident that the war would soon be over, but they were sadly mistaken. On December 16, German forces launched a massive attack through the Ardennes, the opening blows of Operation Watch on the Rhine, known to history as the Battle of the Bulge. Marcin Krysztalowicz's film is both a partisan ballad, showing the real face of German occupation of Poland during WW2 and a startling war thriller. It tells a story of corporal "Wydra", struggling not only with Germans and Polish traitors but also with his own past... Every time 22-year-old Heba Afify heads out to cover the historical events shaping her country's future, her mother is compelled to remind her, 'I know you are a journalist, but you're still a girl!' Defying cultural norms and family expectations, Heba takes to the streets to report on an Egypt in turmoil, using tweets, texts and posts. Her coming of age, political awakening and the disillusionment that follows, mirrors that of a nation seeking the freedom to shape its own destiny and democracy. 3 interlocking stories from the dark days of World War 2. A soldier on a suicide mission. A troubled family with a monster in their bomb shelter. A supernatural investigator on her most dangerous assignment yet. Cult classic starring Ralph Macchio as a want-to-be blues guitar virtuoso who seeks a long-lost song by legendary musician Robert Johnson. Recorded live at the Cocoanut Grove in Los Angeles, Roy is joined by an eclectic ensemble of rock and roll superstars including Jackson Browne, Elvis Costello, T-Bone Burnett, J.D. Souther, Jennifer Warnes, k.d. lang, Bonnie Raitt, Bruce Springsteen and Tom Waits. Omer returns to his homeland after a long time, there he encounters those from his past. Soegija is an epic history drama of Indonesia, directed by the senior director of Indonesia Garin Nugroho, about national hero Albertus Soegijapranata. In the continuation of Popoy and Basha's love story from "One More Chance," we find the couple walking down the aisle and vowing to love each other "forever and ever." "A Second Chance" explores realities and intricacies and Popoy and Basha's married life. We find Popoy as a failed achiever, struggling to keep his business and self-esteem intact, while Basha has given up so much in her life to keep their marriage together. Based on a true story, Agnus Dei is a kind of Oedipus of our days. Peter must find his way to redemption. But the past will make itself known and fate sparingly gives mercy. Can he save himself, or even be saved at all? Directed by Peter Casaer and narrated by Daniel Day-Lewis, this documentary provides a harrowing look at the challenges of delivering humanitarian aid in armed conflicts. "Access to the Danger Zone" explores the strategies that Doctors Without Borders has employed to save lives in the world's worst war zones, including Afghanistan, Somalia, and eastern Democratic Republic of Congo--strategies that are tested each and every day. Interviews with key experts from Doctors Without Borders, the International Committee of the Red Cross, and the United Nations are accompanied by dramatic footage shot in these countries in 2011 and 2012. An alien life form disrupts the rules of perspective. Bilkis Banu, lost her husband Hasan on the bloody night of 25th March 1971. She tries to forget him and concentrate on the urban guerrilla movements of Dhaka with Altaf Mahmud, Shahadat, Mrs Khan and many more. But the when spies and the razakars inform on them, most of their people get arrested and Bilkis has to run for her lives, towards her village. During the Boer War in South Africa, upon hearing that the British are planning a scorched earth policy, a respected Boer officer, who's also a loving father and husband, decides to go home and protect his wife and family instead of participating further in the war. The decision leads to a treason trial for him and his sons. After fighting for their country in the Army, friends Chris and Johnny return to South London only to find their home town has changed beyond recognition. With no jobs the two join local gangs, work their way to the top and become feared hooligan bosses. The only thing that can top war, and threaten friendships, is money and power, but who will stand their ground and come out on top in the violent and bloody battle between North and South? Kinderblock 66 is the story of four men who, as young boys, were imprisoned by the Nazis in the notorious Buchenwald concentration camp and who, sixty-five years later, return to commemorate the sixty-fifth anniversary of their liberation. The film tells the story of the effort undertaken by the camp's Communist-led underground to protect ad save Jewish children who were arriving in Buchenwald toward the end of the Holocaust. Kinderblock 66 also tells the story of Antonin Kalina, the head of the block who was personally responsible for saving 904 boys in Buchenwald. Upon learning that Judah has been trapped in the clutches of the townspeople and faces the possibility of being the sacrifice at the annual Festival, the stable mates leave their cozy barn and embark on an adventure to find and free their friend. The bible readed through exegesis and hermeneutic don't mention any exclusion of the homosexuals, or abomination by God.  On the contrary, this movie shows reports and inclusion of homosexual couples. Two soldiers lost behind enemy lines reminisce about their lives before war stole their identities. A girl faces losing a college scholarship after a sports injury until she gets help from a team of professionals. Confirmation of extraterrestrial life appears on television screens across the world as a massive spacecraft breaks through the atmosphere on a crash course into the Atlantic Ocean. A young paramedic, Greg Baker, signs up to fight for his planet against the invaders. Baker joins Special Forces members as the squad medic as they escort a classified package by chopper over enemy territory. When their chopper is shot down they find themselves surrounded and outnumbered. Desperate to return to his wife's side and haunted by nightmares, Baker find that his role in the war has quickly become much larger than he could have ever imagined. The mysterious package may be the key to turning the tide of the war, and possibly to saving all of humanity, but Baker must decide whether to protect it or sacrifice it to ensure his own survival. Three teenagers risk their lives when they commit treason to spread the truth in Nazi Germany. Based on the true story of the Helmuth Hubener group, the youngest German resistance fighters in World War II.  A film about survival, a celebration of the defense of life by a people preparing for resistance, a song of hope in the face of a war not exclusively waged against them but also faced by many other peoples throughout the world. Caleb and Rachel team up to lead the Patrick Henry College team in the intense world of collegiate moot court competition. Caleb looks to date Rachel, but she's waiting for courtship. Meanwhile, Caleb becomes caught in a moral tug-of-war between his parents - a newly Christian father and a feminist attorney mother. Caleb's mom goes before the U.S. Supreme Court defending abortion, even as Caleb simultaneously takes on the opposing legal argument at the national moot court championship. Patrice and Corrine are two sexy, confident women with great relationships, but they've got it all wrong when it comes to love. Before they drive their men crazy, they've got some tough lessons to learn about trust and fidelity, if they hope to make love last. A moving love story in a time of hatred: During the civil war in Kosovo, the young Serbian widow Danica falls in love with Ramiz, a Albanian soldier who, wounded in battle, seeks refuge in her home on the Serbian side of the River Ibar. Him and her. A husband and a wife staying in a cozy hotel where you can come for just a couple of days with a risk to get stuck forever. It is so easy to get trapped in the daily routine. Indeed, nothing is more permanent than the temporary. Their time is like a flat circle. He has his phone calls and business meetings. She is wrapped in her dreams and doubts. All reactions are predictable, all conversations are learnt by heart. An endless LP record of life keeps playing again and again repeating itself. But a few things can break this tune, like a scratch on the record, a crack on a wine glass, a sudden glance or a meeting with a stranger. And then you know: tomorrow will come soon. Any moment something can go wrong, throw you off course, and force you to make a choice. After spending ten years in prison accused of terrorism, Milagros is found not guilty and is released. During her detention, she was raped and became pregnant. Noemi, now a ten year old girl, believes her mother has been working abroad all this time. The film begins the day both meet. In an unprecedented and candid series of interviews, six former heads of the Shin Bet -- Israel's intelligence and security agency -- speak about their role in Israel's decades-long counterterrorism campaign, discussing their controversial methods and whether the ends ultimately justify the means. (TIFF) Two students from neighboring colleges in upstate New York are swept up in a tragic romantic interlude calling for a maturity of vision beyond their experience of capabilities. Pookie Adams - a kooky, lonely misfit with no family and no place to go, insists on calling all those who won't participate in her world, "weirdos," clings to a quiet studious Jerry, who has the ability to make a choice of living in Pookie's private little world or be accepted by the society that Pookie rejects. Unwittingly, it is through their awkward relationship that Pookie actually prepares Jerry for the world of "weirdos" that she doesn't fit into or wish to be apart of. When the US Army realized its deficiencies in intelligence operations against Japan in WWII, Japanese Americans were secretly trained to be soldiers of the Military Intelligence Service. They showed their patriotism to US, the nation that had caged their families in the internment camps by choosing to fight against the same race. Not only had they tremendously contributed to America's victory, but also to the successful recovery of Japan using their skill in language. However, the US government had kept their existence as a top secret. Who were these soldiers whom called the Human Secret Weapon? An epic love story centered around an older man who reads aloud to a woman with Alzheimer's. From a faded notebook, the old man's words bring to life the story about a couple who is separated by World War II, and is then passionately reunited, seven years later, after they have taken different paths. A Victorian-era murder mystery about a parlour maid that discovers that her employer may have killed his first wife. Honor Flight chronicles a community coming together to honor World War II veterans. The film follows a team of Midwest volunteers as they race against the clock to send every local WWII veterans to see the memorials built in their honor.  A group of Kuchi children are living in a minefield around Bagram airfield, Afghanistan. They dig out anti-personal mines in order to sell the explosives to child workers mining in a Lappis Lazulli mine. The trajectory of the blue precious stones goes towards Tajikistan and China, through an area controlled by child soldiers. When they are not waging their own mini-wars in the daily madness of life in Afghanistan, the children are fleeing away in their personal fantasies and dreams, while the American soldiers are planning their retreat... This film is a triptych with three stories, involving three characters. They live in different parts of Europe: Western Europe -Catalonia (Spain); Eastern Europe -Lithuania; and in the new Europe -Georgia (Akhazia). They have experienced, in different parts of the 20Th century, civil wars and dictatorships. They share the same fate: they stayed where they were born. This film is about people who decide to do nothing in times of war, oppression and occupation. They choose a life amidst the ruins of their past. Even when this choice leads to loneliness: living a dream, not a reality. Alone, between the graves of their loved ones, they spend their last days. They have frozen their lives by protecting themselves from the outside world. This extraordinary testament to survival from Emmy-winning producer/director Janet Tobias brings to light a story that remained untold for decades: that of thirty-eight Ukrainian Jews who survived World War II by living in caves for eighteen months. (TIFF) The film describes the life of homeless people who form a community in the center of modern-day Moscow. It relates the story of six couples who love each other and try to remain together despite the poverty and despair of their existence. On assignment while photographing a female suicide bomber in Kabul, Rebecca - one of the world's top war photojournalists - gets badly hurt. Back home, another bomb drops as her husband and daughters give her an ultimatum: her work or her family. Bob Revere is a small town Mayor and combat decorated veteran. He faces a root of bitterness from his past filled with heartbreaking loss. His grandson comes back into his life after many years to ask the most important question, "What are we doing with our life to make a difference?" Bob had grown apathetic along with an entire town. Now with the help of children, a group of people all band together to inspire hope, take back the freedoms that are being lost and take a stand for truth.  The cast includes Marshall Teague (Roadhouse), Jennifer O'Neill (Summer of '42), Fred Williamson (Black Ceasar) and Jenna Boyd (Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants). A short poetic documentary about indigenous identity. One of the most celebrated war correspondents of our time, Marie Colvin is an utterly fearless and rebellious spirit, driven to the frontlines of conflicts across the globe to give voice to the voiceless. People are scared of the deaf. They are convinced that we are possessed by evil spirits", Dominic, a deaf man from Butembo City, tells us. The strong belief in magic in this part of the Congo means that he, like so many other deaf Congolese, is forced to live in isolation, dehumanized by his neighbors' unwillingness to interact with him. As a result he is thrown into chaos. For the deaf, this vibrant land of rich red soil and green green grass, offers only a silent and empty landscape amidst isolation and rejection. During the Rio Grande do Sul revolution of 1923, two brothers fight on opposite sides. Algeria's entry for a Best Foreign Language Film Oscar, "Zabana" chronicles the life of Ahmed Zabana, a man who fought for Algerian freedom in the Battle of Algiers. This film chronicles Zabana's fight to free his country to independence, and his death at the hands of French authorities. At the height of the second Intifada, Ruty witnesses a suicide attack that pushes her to the brink. Unwilling to live in a constant state of anxiety, she decides to protect her husband, teenaged daughter and soldier son by barricading their home while they sleep. She plans to keep them there "until there is peace". Disconnected from the outside world, the family is forced to communicate with each other, and tensions brewing over the years begin to surface. Director Aner Preminger offers a keenly-observed family drama that resonates beyond Israel's political context. By adopting the experimental drug while the military, battle of Sam followed in the footsteps of the super hero of World War II, known great-grandfather, as his battle CAPTAIN. Drug turns him into super-being and intelligence beyond that of an ordinary human strength, and agility. After his service, he returns home to home over to the ruthless neo-Nazi thugs by referring to the mastermind of evil known as the service is Necromancer. Third Reich is equipped again raise re-animation by Himmler them. Sam only, as captain of the battle, will be able to save them! In the post-World War II South, two families are pitted against a barbaric social hierarchy and an unrelenting landscape as they simultaneously fight the battle at home and the battle abroad. This video shows how the foreign policy interests of American political elites-working in combination with Israeli public relations stratgies-influence US news reporting about the Middle East conflict. Combining American and British TV news clips with observations of analysts, journalists and political activists, Peace, Propaganda &amp; the Promised Land provides a brief historical overview, a striking media comparison, and an examination of factors that have distorted U.S. media coverage and, in turn, American public opinion. Based on the novel's trilogy of the same name, by Erico Verissimo, Time and the Wind follows 150 years of family Terra Cambara and their opponent Amaral family. The history of struggles between the two families begins in the missions and runs until the end of the 19th century. The film also features the period of formation of the State of Rio Grande do Sul and the dispute of territory between the Portuguese and Spanish crowns A beautiful girl named Sasha from Russia comes to Armenia. Born between Russian father and Armenian mother, Sasha is searching for the grave of her father who died in the Karabakh War. Karabakh, which was the territory of the Azerbaijani Republic during the Soviet Union's collapse, has many Armenian residents. At the time, Armenians demanded their independence from Azerbaijani Republic and the subsequent conflict caused heavy casualties. Many Russian soldiers also lost their lives in the war. The conflict is still going on. This film is a postscript to a historical event occurred in the early 1990s and about a still ongoing conflict. In the scene that camera quietly crosses the border from Armenia, the director presents an image of each side of the people communicating with one another despite their own wounds instead of one pointing a gun at the other side. At its core, Forgive-Don't Forget is about the connection between two very different cultures and the importance of remembrance. When Japan surrendered to the U. S. at the end of World War II, numerous Japanese swords were confiscated and taken back to the States. The Japanese Sword, while once a symbol of wartime aggression, is also deeply embedded in Japan's rich history and spiritual heritage. In order to better understand the past and build a bridge between cultures in the present, an American filmmaker attempts to return one of these surrendered swords to its original owner.  Tula, a slave on the island of Curacao, is becoming more and more aware of the injustice existing between his people and the white oppressors. His peaceful resistance inspires his people to unite in a passionate struggle for equality, freedom and brotherhood. Young Chechnya war veteran alienates himself from his friends and family because of his burned face. When he has to help find his war-time friend, he manages to get back to life again. Vietnam movie No overview found. Keisuke Kinoshita sits easily alongside Ozu, Kurosawa and Naruse as one of Japan's most respected legends of cinema. Made to commemorate the centenary of Kinoshita's birth, this biographical drama chronicles formative hardships and personal encounters to provide a rare glimpse into the life of one of Japan's most acclaimed screen directors. Includes archival footage from 49 of the films he produced during his career at Shochiku. CIA special operations team Silent Echo is tasked with uncovering Turkmen President Dmytryk's invasion plans for Iran. Team member 'Grip' struggles to come to terms with guilt from the loss of his closest friend 'Shadow'. A survivor of the Rwandan Genocide struggles to forgive the man who killed her  children. A victim's daughter strikes up an unusual friendship with the ex-IRA  bomber who killed her father. And two men--one Israeli, one Palestinian--form a  bond after tragedies claim their daughters. An ex-soldier and her prisoner traverse enemy territory to find the location that holds the key to saving them and the country. A documentary on funk and P-funk and the bands and artists that made it all happen: James Brown, Sly Stone, George Clinton, Bootsy Collins, Maurice White and his Earth Wind &amp; Fire, Average White Band, Kool &amp; The Gang and lots more. It tells the story of black American music and how it evolved from funk to more main stream to disco to hiphop to contemporary R 'n B and its impact on society. Music and live footage from the bands, interviews with artists and band members of Kool &amp; The Gang, Earth Wind &amp; Fire, George Clinton and lots more. An espionage tale from inside the CIA's long conflict against Al Qaeda, as revealed by the remarkable women and men whose secret war against Osama bin Laden started nearly a decade before most of us even knew his name. A group of teenage cadets sheltered from war at the Virginia Military Institute must confront the horrors of an adult world when they are called upon to defend the Shenandoah Valley. The true story of one boy's journey as a victim of Nazi oppression. While exposed to some of the most horrific events of the Holocaust, Misa was able to endure the atrocities of genocide through his love of art and music. Every Marine has a story, some they're proud of, other they'd rather forget. After coming home from his tour of duty in Afghanistan suffering from PTSD, Luke Stephens wants nothing more than to forget. What happens when our soldiers come back to Another Stateside? An undercover police officer named Rock Keats befriends a drug dealer and car thief named Archie Moses in a bid to catch the villainous drug lord Frank Coltan. But the only problem is that Keats is a cop, his real name is Jack Carter, and he is working undercover with the LAPD to bust Moses and Colton at a sting operation the LAPD has set up. The populace of a South Korean island rebels against police brutality. The protesters are labeled as communists, and the army is dispatched. The film is set in the near future, and it looks back on how peace was made in 2013 between Israel and Palestine. It is the story of two businessmen - one Palestinian and one Israeli - who struggle to set up a solar energy company. Both come from societies where there is strong opposition to cooperating with the other, and the film tells how they overcome hostility from within their own families and from the people around them. In the end, they mount a Facebook campaign that brings popular support both to their joint venture and to the peace process. The film was produced by Amir Harel, an Academy Award-nominated Israeli producer, and directed by Sameh Zoabi, a leading Palestinian film-maker. The Queen is an intimate behind the scenes glimpse at the interaction between HM Elizabeth II and Prime Minister Tony Blair during their struggle, following the death of Diana, to reach a compromise between what was a private tragedy for the Royal family and the public's demand for an overt display of mourning. On May 5th, 1862, a few thousand Mexican soldiers put their lives on the line against the world's largest and most powerful army in one legendary battle for freedom and for Mexico. A WWII pilot, bombardier, and radioman find themselves adrift on a lifeboat without food or water after being forced to ditch their plane during a scouting mission. A group of juvenile delinquents lives a criminal, violent life in the festering slums of Mexico City, among them the young Pedro, whose morality is gradually corrupted and destroyed by the others. In Soviet Azerbaijan, a divorced Armenian couple fights over the custody of their daughter, Ashen. Stolen from one parent to another, Ashen's guardians are tragically killed in the bloody war surrounding them. Will the arrival of a new savior finally bring Ashen freedom? Official selection of the Global Lens Collection presented by the Global Film Initiative. A vast, well-constructed collage of private home movies from the early 1930s to the mid 1970s that reveals the history of the Jewish state in ways that you have never seen before. Rescued from oblivion in drawers, basements and attics, this footage shows daily family life unfolding alongside events that would shape the country. "The whole idea here is there is no one Israeli narrative," said producer Arik Bernstein in an interview, "This is no official history. It's not a left-wing look at history, or a right-wing look. These are personal histories -- little moments that make up a whole and show something of who we are." According to the Swiss documentary filmmaker Richard Dindo (1944), the media want to make us believe that Swiss non-alignment during World War II was only a thin veneer around Nazi sympathies and anti-Semitic feelings. This stirred his interest in the story of Paul Gruninger, a Swiss policeman who in the late thirties provided false travel documents to hundreds of Jews who had fled from Austria. Set during the occupation of Iraq, a squad of U.S. soldiers try to protect a small village. The story of the post World War II Jewish refugee situation from liberation to the establishment of the modern state of Israel. In the most dangerous country in the world for journalists, Newsweek Middle East editor, Janine di Giovanni, risks it all to bear witness, ensuring that the world knows about the suffering of the Syrian people. 100 years in the future, in a tiny town on the Yukon / Alaska border, a battle takes place that changes war forever, by changing minds. Equal pay as men. Designer clothes. And (eventually) respect. It's the story about the Greatest Generation that you haven't heard. Homefront Heroines: The WAVES of World War II introduces a group of quirky, independent and determined women who went where no women had gone before: into the Navy as WAVES, or Women Accepted for Volunteer Emergency Service. Through oral history interviews, the women tell of their homefront heroics, which were largely overshadowed by the more dramatic battles fought on the front lines. They volunteered, served as equals to men, and discovered that when they went home nothing could be the same again. The film reveals a hidden history about a generation who changed the course of American life.  Iranian film starring Morteza Aghili. Sony Pictures Entertainment and The Walt Disney Company jointly announced that Marvel Studios and its President Kevin Feige will produce the third film in the "Spider-Man: Homecoming" series, starring Tom Holland. The film is scheduled to release on July 16, 2021. On the brink of the 2007 U.S. troop surge, two Army Recruiters face the daunting pressures of recruitment while their own deployment is on the line. Sgt. Harris (Lew Temple) has been stationed in the recruiting office long enough for it to feel like home. On the other side of the world, a roadside bomb rips through a Humvee, and after recovering from the attack, Sgt. Mason (Clayne Crawford) gets reassigned and winds up in Harris's office. Mason wants to go back to the front lines, but he finds out that the war isn't confined to the battlefield. In the last months of World War II, as the Allies make their final push in the European theatre, a battle-hardened U.S. Army sergeant named 'Wardaddy' commands a Sherman tank called 'Fury' and its five-man crew on a deadly mission behind enemy lines. Outnumbered and outgunned, Wardaddy and his men face overwhelming odds in their heroic attempts to strike at the heart of Nazi Germany. I Am Soldier follows Mickey Tomlinson (Tom Hughes), a military chef, who attempts the most dangerous military selection known to man: The Special Air Service (S.A.S.) selection. The S.A.S. Is the United Kingdom's most renowned Special Forces Regiment, tasked with life threatening missions in some of the most dangerous places on the planet. Mickey has more military experience than simply being a chef, something he doesn't let on to the other candidates... Mickey is smashed by this selection process - his mind, body and soul scream for mercy as he endures torturous speed-marches over the steepest mountains, running for his life during 'Escape and Evasion' and then facing the most evil interrogation possible, during the deadly phase known as: 'Tactical Questioning.' Even after everything, there is still only one way you can really prove yourself: in combat... Many try to get into the S.A.S. Only the elite make it. Nagieb Khaja is a Danish journalist of Afghan origin and he believes that the West makes decisions on Afghanistan based on an uninformed view of the country and its people. Nagieb a man with a mission. A few years ago Nagieb traveled to Afghanistan in order to refine the simplistic media image of the country, but he ended up as a prisoner of the Taliban and barely escaped. On the next trip, Nagieb brought 30 mobile cameras and asked Afghan civilians to film themselves. For the first time, we are invited into life in the forbidden zone with all the joys and sorrows, victories and defeats associated with living in the shadow of war. A look at the War on Terror and the threat it's causing to our civil liberties and political discourse. Academy Award nominee James Cromwell presents Janek Ambros' directorial debut.  The feature doc tackles the War on Terror's impact on civil liberties and the strange coalition it's creating between the progressive left and libertarian right. The doc examines the NSA, drones, the war on journalism and other encroachments on civil liberties started by the Bush era and expanded by the Democratic establishment. An exploration of the life and music of Miles Davis. When Quinn, a grouchy pilot living the good life in the South Pacific, agrees to transfer a savvy fashion editor, Robin, to Tahiti, he ends up stranded on a deserted island with her after their plane crashes. The pair avoid each other at first, until they're forced to team up to escape from the island -- and some pirates who want their heads. Locked up for a minor crime, 19 year old JR quickly learns the harsh realities of prison life. Protection, if you can get it, is paramount. JR soon finds himself under the watchful eye of Australia's most notorious criminal, Brendan Lynch, but protection comes at a price. American pacifist Private Finch (Carl Schreiber) finds himself pressured by his superiors to kill a P.O.W. captured from battle. As a direct result of his apprehensions, a fatal confrontation explodes amongst his platoon, and Finch becomes stranded behind enemy lines armed with nothing but limited ammunition and an uncertain sense of direction. Making his way through foreign soil, he encounters a mysterious mailman (Marc Litman) anxious to throw himself into battle. But on their exhausting quest to find a radio and signal for help, it becomes clear that Finch's new friend harbors a few dark secrets that could prove more threatening than the next ambush. A group of U.S. soldiers returning from Iraq struggle to integrate back into family and civilian life, while living with the memory of a war that threatens to destroy them long after they've left the battlefield. Lost Division is a dark, atmospheric, unconventional narrative that takes us through a landscape of trauma, in a haze of mystery and wonder toward the end of World War II.  Samantha Hughes, a teenaged Kentucky girl, never knew her father, who died in Vietnam before her birth. Samantha lives with her uncle Emmett, who also served in Vietnam. Emmett hangs around with Tom, Earl, and Pete, three other Vietnam vets who, like Emmett, all have problems of one kind or another that relate to their war experiences. Samantha becomes obsessed with finding out about her father. Torn straight from the headlines, Michael Winterbottom's compelling and prescient 'In This World' follows young Afghan Jamal and his older cousin Enayat as they embark on a hazardous overland trip from their refugee camp at Peshawar, north-west Pakistan. Entering Turkey on foot through a snowy, Kurdish-controlled pass, the pair again take their lives into their hands and face suffocation when they are locked in a freight container on a ship bound for Italy. From there they plan to travel on to Paris, the Sangatte refuge centre and ultimately asylum in London.  The protagonist embarks on a journey to pursue his ultimate dream. Healing a Soldier's Heart transports us into the troubled hearts and minds of four Vietnam veterans as they begin the courageous healing process to alleviate their severe PTSD. Still traumatized 40 years later, the veterans bravely journey back to the sites where they witnessed and committed atrocities of war. In the process, they come face to face with victims and experience Vietnamese culture through a new lens that fosters the compassion and the mutual forgiveness necessary for healing. A female skiing champion is paralyzed in a tragic skiing accident. Her girlfriend is taken out of competition when she contracts polio. The film tells the tragic date in the history of the Crimean Tatar people - May 18, 1944 - Stalin's deportation of the Crimean Tatars. The plot of the film - a pilot, twice Hero of the Soviet Union, Amethan Sultan. In May, the 44th year after osovobozhdeniya Sevastopol Amethan goes on vacation to her native Alupka. On May 18 his eyes and begins deportation of the Crimean Tatars. D-Day: A British paratroop squad are dropped off-target and wiped-out. Private Johnny Barrows is the only survivor; inexperienced, scared, lost behind enemy lines. Johnny must grow up and become a man on his perilous journey to safety. Scotland, 11th century. Driven by the twisted prophecy of three witches and the ruthless ambition of his wife, warlord Macbeth, bold and brave, but also weak and hesitant, betrays his good king and his brothers in arms and sinks into the bloody mud of a path with no return, sown with crime and suspicion. Set against a backdrop of a turbulent, war-torn Ireland in the early 1920's, this is a story of three people and the unfolding events from a crucial time in their extradionary and tragic lives. Ex-military commander David Guerra is hired by shady millionaire Anthony Levin to rescue his wife Valentina who was kidnapped by Javier Martinez, leader of a guerrilla group. Bethlehem tells the story of the unlikely bond between Razi, an Israeli secret service officer, and his Palestinian informant Sanfur, the younger brother of a senior Palestinian militant. Razi recruited Sanfur when he was just 15, and developed a very close, almost fatherly relationship to him. Now 17, Sanfur tries to navigate between Razi's demands and his loyalty to his brother, living a double life and lying to both men. Co-written by director Yuval Adler and Ali Waked--an Arab journalist who spent years in the West Bank--Bethlehem gives an unparalleled, moving and authentic portrait of the complex reality behind the news. Afghanistan 2006 - A young aspiring journalist gets the opportunity of a lifetime when he is embedded with a small band of American soldiers. A French teacher in a small Algerian village during the Algerian War forms an unexpected bond with a dissident who is ordered to be turned in to the authorities.  When a bitter rivalry between two brothers finally erupts into bloody, life-changing violence it is younger bother Greg who signs up for frontline battle in France. Greg discovers a world of uncompromising brutality as we follow him on his journey through France at the outbreak of World War 2. Dramatization depicting the events surrounding Adolf Hitler's last weeks in and around his underground bunker in Berlin before and during the battle for the city. Australian filmmaker Sophia Turkiewicz investigates why her Polish mother abandoned her and uncovers the truth behind her mother's wartime escape from a Siberian gulag, leaving Sophia to confront her own capacity for forgiveness. Based on a short story by Houshang Golshiri, who also collaborated with director Bahman Farmanara on his breakout feature Prince Ehtejab (1974), this film centers on mysterious and chilling events that take place in a village. A group of superstitious inhabitants have erected a scarecrow for protection but soon find themselves terrorized by it. Made at the end of the Shah's reign, the film offers a metaphorical reflection on power relations -- how people create their own idols who turn around to terrorize them. The film's alleged political message was found so dangerous that it was banned both pre- and post-revolution. It was presented to great acclaim in Cannes Film Festival's Critics' Week section. When in 1941 Nazi Germany invaded the Soviet Union, their troops quickly besieged Leningrad. Foreign journalists are evacuated but one of them, Kate Davies, is presumed dead and misses the plane. Alone in the city she is helped by Nina Tsvetnova a young and idealist police officer and together they will fight for their own survival and the survival of the people in the besieged Leningrad. Written by Marcio Eduardo War in Abkhazia 1990. An Estonian man Ivo has stayed behind to harvest his crops of tangerines. In a bloody conflict at his door, a wounded man is left behind, and Ivo is forced to take him in. In the autumn of 1991, a small group of Croatian soldiers go on patrol in an improvised armored vehicle. Soon after that they would get ambushed and their vehicle would get destroyed, in that situation they were forced to hide in a nearby house. Whilst stationed in that house they would get attacked by rebel Serbs, Serbian Special Forces and the JNA (Yugoslav People's Army, also reffered to as Yugoslavian National Army). Their resistance to the attackers would last 24 hours whilst their fellow combatants would attempt to try and get them out of there. The movie and story is based on true events which happened during the Croatian War of Independence. A young woman joins the military to be part of something bigger than herself and her small-town roots. Instead, she ends up as a new guard at Guantanamo Bay, where her mission is far from black and white. Surrounded by hostile jihadists and aggressive squadmates, she strikes up an unusual friendship with one of the detainees. 2012. Afghanistan. Directed by Larry Towell. 5 min. Larry Towell, who has photographed areas of conflict across the globe, closes the program with a reflection on the overseas wars that have defined the current American century, in a short film that imparts folklore and wisdom at once.  Screened at the Museum of Modern Art in New York on July 1, 2017 as part of "Magnum Shorts: American Stories". Accompanies "Beyond the Frame: International Cinema by Magnum Photographers." In 1919, Australian farmer Joshua Connor travels to Turkey to discover the fate of his three sons, reported missing in action. Holding on to hope, Joshua must travel across the war-torn landscape to find the truth and his own peace. Maya is a quick-witted young woman who comes over the Mexican border without papers and makes her way to the LA home of her older sister Rosa. Rosa gets Maya a job as a janitor: a non-union janitorial service has the contract, the foul-mouthed supervisor can fire workers on a whim, and the service-workers' union has assigned organizer Sam Shapiro to bring its "justice for janitors" campaign to the building. Sam finds Maya a willing listener, she's also attracted to him. Rosa resists, she has an ailing husband to consider. The workers try for public support; management intimidates workers to divide and conquer. Rosa and Maya as well as workers and management may be set to collide. Berlin in June of 1940. While Nazi propaganda celebrates the regime's victory over France, a kitchen-cum-living room in Prenzlauer Berg is filled with grief. Anna and Otto Quangel's son has been killed at the front. This working class couple had long believed in the 'Fuhrer' and followed him willingly, but now they realise that his promises are nothing but lies and deceit. They begin writing postcards as a form of resistance and in a bid to raise awareness: Stop the war machine! Kill Hitler! Putting their lives at risk, they distribute these cards in the entrances of tenement buildings and in stairwells. But the SS and the Gestapo are soon onto them, and even their neighbours pose a threat. Jesper is a soldier in the German army, who reports for a new tour of duty in Afghanistan. His unit is to protect a village from the Taliban. Trip, a young roadie for Metallica, is sent on an urgent mission during the band's show. But what seems like a simple assignment turns into a surreal adventure. Sam is wounded by the Mash Flanigan gang who enters a saloon and kills everybody in sight including his brother. Walbash chases Flanigan to Golden City for revenge, leading to the obligatory showdown. One of the clever scenes is when gunfighters Gordon Mitchell, Lincoln Tate and Peter Martell interview for jobs and are introduced with their acting names Mitchell, Tate and Martell. A freelance videographer, a rookie police officer, an undercover PDEA agent, and a crime-in-progress. Only tonight, a comet flies over Manila and the cosmic disturbances turn everything on its head for one night. Everything that could go wrong suddenly foes right. Action - When an elite band of private mercenaries known as Black Knight gets caught behind enemy lines in a Middle East combat zone, their only hope for survival lies with the team leader, who has escaped but vows to return. -  Salman Bokhari, Steven Dell, Eric Roberts Belgrade, 1999. People go in and out of cafes, and lively conversation echoes all around. As if no one expects the NATO bombings. As if they never even started. But there is tension nonetheless, behind the eyes of people who suppress their fear at any cost. It is in this time and place that Ana, Sloba and Bojan construct their own sense of normality in order to retain their sanity. Three ways to deal with fear. One random sky above. The modern-day descendant of Little Red Riding Hood brings her fiance home to meet her family and reveal their occupation as werewolf hunters, but after he is bitten by a werewolf, she must protect him from her own family. A young aspiring actress in Syria discovers she has been inhabited by the soul of a woman who died on the day she was born. War Chhod Na Yaar is India's first war comedy movie, set on the backdrop of India-Pakistan war. A silent comedy drama film directed by Sidney Olcott Vietnam veteran Archibald Wright works as a house painter. One family he paints a house for has a problem he can relate to: Elaine, a woman who hired him, left his husband J.P., also a Vietnam vet while he was in 'Nam, and J.P. became an alcoholic. Archibald tries to help their daughter Tory to maintain a connection with J.P., and Elaine is strongly against it. On Sam's return from military service, Lily sets her heart on revitalising their relationship, but with Sam's worsening PTSD isolating him from friends, family and the community, she too is drawn deeper into his post-war world. War is declared and Britain must take action against Nazi Germany if Europe is going to be saved from its ruthless clutches. Determined to beat the enemy Flt. Office Earl Kirk, a young South African pilot, volunteers his services to the Royal Air Force, sacrificing his family, his future and himself in the fight against evil. Whilst in combat, surrounded by bombers and under relentless attack, Kirk must make the decision that could change his and his crew's life forever. A washed-up music producer finds one last shot at redemption with a golden-voiced young girl in Afghanistan. However, when jealousy gets the better of a disgruntled ex-boyfriend, he decides to oppose the young star with talent of his own. The gripping personal accounts of the people and the tragedy.  In never-before-seen footage, we journey with historian Charles Haas, as he descends into the depths of the North Atlantic and guides us on a tour of the RMS Titanic.  While recounting tales of triumph and struggle, we see among the many sites the doors where all passengers would have entered, peer through the porthole of a first class cabin, see the davits where the too few lifeboats hung and pause by the mail room where the postal workers heroically died.  This unique footage coupled with letters, old stills, artifacts and new recreations tells the amazing human stories of this famous ship as never before. Set between the two World Wars and based on true historical events, Bitter Harvest conveys the untold story of the Holodomor, the genocidal famine engineered by the tyrant Joseph Stalin. The film displays a powerful tale of love, honour, rebellion and survival at a time when Ukraine was forced to adjust to the horrifying territorial ambitions of the burgeoning Soviet Union. August 1944 two months after D-Day, the Allies are advancing across France. A team of British and American commandos are dropped behind enemy lines on a secret mission to ambush a German Officer and steal maps charting the location of the enemy artillery along the front line. The events of the war in 1944, from the Blue Hills to Sorve Peninsula. Shown through the eyes of Estonian soldiers who had to pick sides and fight against fellow brothers. Choices have to be made, not only by the soldiers, but also by their loved ones. Six actors portray six personas of music legend Bob Dylan in scenes depicting various stages of his life, chronicling his rise from unknown folksinger to international icon and revealing how Dylan constantly reinvented himself. Beatriz's young husband disappears during the brutal Kraras massacre by occupying Indonesian forces, sixteen years later she is troubled by his return; is this mysterious stranger her husband, an impostor, or a spirit? Symbolizing the turning point occurred in the Battle of Sakarya in Turkish-Greek War, tells one of the most moving stories. The volume of arms seized or turned in and annually destroyed by Baden-Wurttemberg's arms disposal service is said to be measured in tons. It's a measure taken to minimize violence, or at least "opportunity" - such as the one taken by a 17-year-old boy in March 2009 when he took his father's gun to his former school and killed 15 people. Growing up in times of conflict - 13-year old Palestinian girls Wafaa and Raneen from two different Westbank villages are faced with the option of going on a one-day trip to the beach in Israel. Although they live only a few kilometers away, they have both never been to the sea. Israeli peace activists organize a day at the beach in Tel Aviv for Palestinian women and children, to let them exchange the view on the Wall against the horizon. One summer morning, Wafaa is preparing for the journey and imagining pretty people in Israel, while Raneen is playing freedom fighter with her friends. Her village is in constant conflict with the Israeli soldiers and for her and her parents it is out of the question to spend a beach day with the "others". Is the day by the sea a one-day utopia? Or a possible future? In 1905, a man travels to a remote island in search of his missing sister who has been kidnapped by a mysterious religious cult. An archaeologist investigating mass graves during the Iraq War wakes up in a basement, unable to remember how he got there. The man must piece together the past of the enigmatic man who brought him there -- and discover who the pregnant woman is who is being held with him -- if he has any chance to survive. "Terra Firma" uses 35mm film material that I had laboriously* mastered from a 1908 nitrate print of a " Trip Down Market Street", incorporated with other found images of San Francisco's built environment before the 1906 disaster. Other images have been gathered from archival photographic materials from numerous vantage points depicting the built space of early San Francisco. Some images that have been re-worked are panoramic in scope, and comprised of pans of large format still images taken by Edweard Muybridge in 1878. A portrait of Ron "Stray Dog" Hall, an aging biker and RV park manager from southern Missouri. A man who has been permanently altered by his tours of duty in Vietnam, who has come to terms with himself and acquired a rare wisdom and patience in the process, and who is now dedicated to helping his friends, his loved ones, and his fellow vets. A story about seven young girls who serve in a Soviet Army as snipers during WWII. During the chaotic final weeks of the Vietnam War, the North Vietnamese Army closes in on Saigon as the panicked South Vietnamese people desperately attempt to escape. On the ground, American soldiers and diplomats confront a moral quandary: whether to obey White House orders to evacuate only U.S. citizens. In the shadowy world of drone warfare, combat unfolds like a video game-only with real lives at stake. After six tours of duty, Air Force pilot Tom Egan now fights the Taliban from an air-conditioned bunker in the Nevada desert. But as he yearns to get back in the cockpit of a real plane and becomes increasingly troubled by the collateral damage he causes each time he pushes a button, Egan's nerves--and his relationship with his wife--begin to unravel. Jina, a midwife, is a dream come true for seven-month pregnant Sara until secrets unfold and Jina may want more than only delivering the baby. An Iraqi soldier escaping from Kuwait as the army retreats in 1991 is captured and cast into Saddam's infamous prisons, accused of being a traitor. Outside, an Iraqi uprising instills hope for those held captive in the killing fields of Babylon. Caius Martius, aka Coriolanus, is an arrogant and fearsome general who has built a career on protecting Rome from its enemies. Pushed by his ambitious mother to seek the position of consul, Coriolanus is at odds with the masses and unpopular with certain colleagues. When a riot results in his expulsion from Rome, Coriolanus seeks out his sworn enemy, Tullus Aufidius. Together, the pair vow to destroy the great city. Live stand up performance from the British-Iranian comedian. Captured on his 2012 'Tour of Duty' tour, Djalili brings his trademark energy to the stage as he seeks to find comedy in the fraught terrain of religious and cultural divisions. This documentary from Brave New Foundation and director Robert Greenwald, investigates the impact of U.S. drone strikes at home and abroad through more than 70 separate interviews, including a former American drone operator who shares what he has witnessed in his own words, Pakistani families mourning loved ones and seeking legal redress, investigative journalists pursuing the truth, and top military officials warning against blowback from the loss of innocent life. Agent Coulson informs Agent Sitwell that the World Security Council wishes Emil Blonsky to be released from prison to join the Avengers Initiative. As Nick Fury doesn't want to release Blonsky, the two agents decide to send a patsy to sabotage the meeting... A look at food security in the Hawaiian islands Children of War is a movie based on the true events of the 1971 Genocide. Can we, in search of power, become animals? A genocide; neglected! The first use of rape as a weapon of war; undocumented! The lives of millions; unaccounted! The culprits; unpunished! Swedish-Eritrean radio host Meron Estefanos produces her weekly program at home in Stockholm where she broadcast, devoted entirely to the hundreds of Eritrean refugees held hostage in the Egyptian Sinai Desert. The Bedouins kidnap Eritreans making their way to Israel and demand large ransoms from their families. We follow Meron in her attempts to turn the tide by calling the hostages and kidnappers alike during her radio show. The film focuses on the stories of two hostages: A) Hiriyti was pregnant when she got kidnapped. We hear the young woman talking with her husband Amaniel in Tel Aviv, who is doing everything he can to free his wife and their baby from the torture camp. B) The ransom for 20-year-old Timnit has been paid, but her brother haven't heard anything from her since her flight to the Egyptian-Israeli border. The battle for Hiriyti's release and the search for Timnit takes Meron to Sinai. There, she stumbles on the marks left by the many atrocities. World World II: Shortly after D-Day, three American soldiers and two Army Corps nurses are stranded behind enemy lines. They take a high-ranking German officer as their prisoner and try to orchestrate an escape. Two robbers try to break into a house and steal a diamond, not getting nuts. The Eighteen Darts (Part 1) is a Chinese Opera Musical starring Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung and Yuen Biao in child roles. A cattle herder and his family who reside in the dunes of Timbuktu find their quiet lives -- which are typically free of the Jihadists determined to control their faith -- abruptly disturbed. A look at the brief occupation of Timbuktu by militant Islamic rebels. Two wannabe heroes and their friends must stop a madman from giving everyone nightmares. Virunga in the Democratic Republic of the Congo is Africa's oldest national park, a UNESCO world heritage site, and a contested ground among insurgencies seeking to topple the government that see untold profits in the land. Among this ongoing power struggle, Virunga also happens to be the last natural habitat for the critically endangered mountain gorilla. The only thing standing in the way of the forces closing in around the gorillas: a handful of passionate park rangers and journalists fighting to secure the park's borders and expose the corruption of its enemies. Filled with shocking footage, and anchored by the surprisingly deep and gentle characters of the gorillas themselves, Virunga is a galvanizing call to action around an ongoing political and environmental crisis in the Congo. When Allied forces liberated the Nazi concentration camps in 1944-45, their terrible discoveries were recorded by army and newsreel cameramen, revealing for the first time the full horror of what had happened. Making use of British, Soviet and American footage, the Ministry of Information's Sidney Bernstein (later founder of Granada Television) aimed to create a documentary that would provide lasting, undeniable evidence of the Nazis' unspeakable crimes. He commissioned a wealth of British talent, including editor Stewart McAllister, writer and future cabinet minister Richard Crossman - and, as treatment advisor, his friend Alfred Hitchcock. Yet, despite initial support from the British and US Governments, the film was shelved, and only now, 70 years on, has it been restored and completed by Imperial War Museums under its original title "German Concentration Camps Factual Survey". An intimate portrayal of life on the edge in the war-torn city of Sderot. Once known for its prolific rock scene that revolutionized Israeli music, for thirteen years the town has been the target of ongoing rocket fire from the Gaza strip. Through the personal lives and music of Sderot's diverse musicians, and the personal narrative of the filmmaker, who ends up calling the town home, the film chronicles the town's trauma and reveals its enduring spirit. HONDROS follows the life and career of famous war photographer Chris Hondros by exploring the poignant and often surprising stories behind this award-winning photojournalist's best-known photos. Driven by a commitment to bear witness to the wars of our time after the events of 9/11, Chris was among the first in a new generation of war photographers since Vietnam. HONDROS explores the complexities inherent in covering more than a decade of conflict, while trying to maintain a normal life. It also examines the unknowable calculus involved in making split-second life and death decisions -- before, during and after his photos were made. Chris was killed in Libya in 2011, but he left a lasting impact on his profession that is still felt today. Ariel, a young French Jew, decides to leave his family to go to Israel and secretly become an agent of Mossad, the Israeli secret service. After years of training, his first mission is in Paris to steal secrets from Remy Prieur, a French atomic scientist. A story about a group of Austria-Hungarian soldiers in the 1st World War. They hold an artillery post in the mountains on the southern front to Italy. The group is cut off from their own troops and under heavy artillery fire from the Italian. When the post receives a fatal direct hit from a shell, killing the comrades, private Jacob Lindner and the seriously injured captain Jan Kopetzky are the only survivors of the post. Jakob has to suffer the madness of this hellish war in all its human atrocities. Without care, help from the command, food and water, to survive becomes an existential challenge. The young soldier tries desperately with humanity and dignity to save his and the injured captains life. To be defeated and not be - a victory. This is the motto that life is guided by three young friends: Alek, Sophy and Rudy. Scouts, high school graduates high school in Warsaw drifting ambitious plans for the future broken through September 1939. Entering adulthood in a very dramatic times, which puts them a choice - to survive at any cost, or to join the fighting for a free homeland, risking everything. The boys brought up in patriotic homes, shaped by the ideals of scouting, they decide to fight. They become soldiers, and although every scrape with death, they can live a full life. Documentary produced for the We Are Water Foundation, on the ecological disaster of the Aral Sea in Central Asia. Aral was just 50 years ago, the fourth largest lake in the world, with 66,000 square kilometers. Today is a vast desert with skeletons of boats stranded on the sand. World War I, Italian north-eastern front after the 1917 bloody battles on the Altipiano. A group of soldiers face the difficulty of war in a story that unfolds in the space of one night. Events follow one after the other without any kind of pattern: the peaceful mountains suddenly become a place where men die. But every story told in this film is a true story. Documentary about young people in a small town in Austria. Former Marine Corps infantry platoon members recall November 22, 2004, during the Second Battle of Fallujah, with diverse opinions on different aspects of their war experience.  In a small town in California's San Joaquin Valley, 14-year-old Homer Macauley is determined to be the best and fastest bicycle telegraph messenger anyone has ever seen. His older brother has gone to war, leaving Homer to look after his widowed mother, his older sister and his 4-year-old brother, Ulysses. And so it is that as spring turns to summer, 1942, Homer Macauley delivers messages of love, hope, pain... and death... to the good people of Ithaca. And Homer Macauley will grapple with one message that will change him forever - from a boy into a man. Based on Pulitzer Prize-winning author William Saroyan's 1943 novel, The Human Comedy, ITHACA is the quintessential wartime tale of the Home Front. It is a coming-of-age story about the exuberance of youth, the sweetness of life, the sting of death and the modesty and sheer goodness that lives in each and every one of us. A former war journalist now writing for a paper in Northern California is drawn into conflict at home. A young man challenges the web to offer money for a sex tape of him and his girlfriend to finance his work and finally be able to afford having a child. Is it really wrong to sell our own intimacy in order to be able to afford making our dreams come true? A-ha, the multi-platinum selling legendary Norwegian trio, will release a 15 track Acoustic Hits MTV Unplugged album on October 6. This is the first time in the band's 30 year history that they have recorded an acoustic album. The set list includes a carefully picked selection of trademark hits, tracks not often performed live and two brand new songs, This Is Our Home and A Break In The Clouds. Guests on the album include Alison Moyet, Ian McCulloch, and Lissie. Their Unplugged concert was filmed in Norway, each artist in the series chose a location that held a special meaning to them. a-ha's MTV Unplugged album will enhance the bands credibility, they are one of a select few artists that have been chosen to appear in the series alongside acts such as Shawn Mendes. The Hague, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia: Two ambitious lawyers face each other in the trial of Milorad Krstic, who's accused of committing war crimes as a commander in the Bosnian war. The defender, Mikhail Finn, has managed to refute all the accusations against his client. Convinced of Krstic's guilt, Catherine Lagrange, the prosecutor, summons a young man with incriminating evidence against Krstic. He claims to have been abandoned by his parents as a child and to have been one of Krstic's soldiers. Defender Finn starts to investigate in order to verify the witness' testimony - and soon encounters the young man's family. Inspired by a true story. The story of Imam Hossein's battle in Karbala, an unfair war which made one the most important effects in Islam history. The Daniel Project puts ancient predictions under a journalistic microscope and examinates of Biblical prophecies attempts to determine how accurately they've predicted modern events such as terrorism, climate change and armed conflict in the Middle East. If false, the Bible is discredited. If true, there are rough times ahead. During the Holocaust, a young Jewish girl flees from the grasp of the Gestapo and finds herself stranded on an abandoned farm. During WWII, two injured soldiers, one Japanese and one Russian, are rescued and nursed back to health by a Mongolian goat herder. In the early morning of April 9th 1940 the Danish army is alerted. The Germans have crossed the border; Denmark is at war against Europe's strongest army. In Southern Jutland Danish bicycle- and motorcycle companies are ordered out, to against all odds, hold back the forces until the Danish reinforcements can be mobilized. In the fatal hours, we follow second lieutenant Sand and his bicycle company - they will as the first Danish soldiers meet the enemy in combat on April 9th 1940. Rajini, a Sri Lankan Tamil girl, narrates the horrific tale of why she had to leave her homeland and become a refugee in India. A young Russian countess escapes the 1917 revolution and, despite hardship, makes a new life for herself in America. Somewhere in the Balkans, 1995. A team of aid workers must solve an apparently simple problem in an almost completely pacified territory that has been devastated by a cruel war, but some of the local inhabitants, the retreating combatants, the UN forces, many cows and an absurd bureaucracy will not cease to put obstacles in their way. In search of the lucrative matsutake mushroom, two former soldiers discover the means to gradually heal their wounds of war. Roger, a self-described 'fall-down drunk' and sniper in Vietnam, and Kouy, a Cambodian refugee who fought the Khmer Rouge, bonded in the bustling tent-city known as Mushroom Camp, which pops up each autumn in the Oregon woods. Their friendship became an adoptive family; according to a Cambodian custom, if you lose your family like Kouy, you must rebuilt it anew. Now, however, this new family could be lost. Roger's health is declining and trauma flashbacks rack his mind; Kouy gently aids his family before the snow falls and the hunting season ends, signaling his time to leave. Queens of Troy follows a group of Syrian Refugee women as they put on their own updated, Arabic version of Euripides' ancient Greek play about refugees in Amman, Jordan. The untold story of a secret war Washington, D.C. psychologist Carol Bennell and her colleague Dr. Ben Driscoll are the only two people on Earth who are aware of an epidemic running rampant through the city. They discover an alien virus aboard a crashed space shuttle that transforms anyone who comes into contact with it into unfeeling drones while they sleep. Carol realizes her son holds the key to stopping the spread of the plague and she races to find him before it is too late. Ge Ningning performs a series of solo dances. Gunilla Bresky's new film, "I stop time", is a story from World War II that is unlike anything else. It is based on the Russian war photographer Vladislav Mikosha's diaries and photographs. He was filming at the front, but he also visited Hollywood during the war and became a star when he showed his pictures from the front. As Mikosha's Swedish voice in "I stop time" we have Jonas Karlsson. Gunilla Bresky has made several award-winning documentary films about World War II. The most recent, "Night Witches", is about female Soviet bomber pilots. Shot by a reported "1,001 Syrians" according to the filmmakers, SILVERED WATER, SYRIA SELF-PORTRAIT impressionistically documents the destruction and atrocities of the civil war through a combination of eye-witness accounts shot on mobile phones and posted to the internet, and footage shot by Bedirxan during the siege of Homs. Bedirxan, an elementary school teacher in Homs, had contacted Mohammed online to ask him what he would film, if he was there. Mohammed, working in forced exile in Paris, is tormented by feelings of cowardice as he witnesses the horrors from afar, and the self-reflexive film also chronicles how he is haunted in his dreams by a Syrian boy once shot to death for snatching his camera on the street. A vision of Colombia's inhuman armed conflict, seen through the eyes of a young - and pregnant - girl soldier. A rescue attempt of a German traitor during World War I has unexpected consequences and sets off an adventure across the Arabian desert. Benjamin has lost his wife and, in a bid to start his life over, purchases a large house that has a zoo - welcome news for his daughter, but his son is not happy about it. The zoo is in need of renovation and Benjamin sets about the work with the head keeper and the rest of the staff, but, the zoo soon runs into financial trouble. Filmed over five years, this documentary charts the progress of several veterans dealing with post-traumatic stress disorder at a California clinic. In the middle of a routine patrol, officer Daniel Carter happens upon a blood-soaked figure limping down a deserted stretch of road. He rushes the young man to a nearby rural hospital staffed by a skeleton crew, only to discover that patients and personnel are transforming into something inhuman. As the horror intensifies, Carter leads the other survivors on a hellish voyage into the subterranean depths of the hospital in a desperate bid to end the nightmare before it's too late. A werewolf loose in Los Angeles changes the lives of three young adults, who, after being mauled by the beast, learn they must kill their attacker if they hope to change their fate to avoid becoming werewolves too.  Thinking he may have caused the death of his commanding officer Captain Daniels in Tunisia, Rocky visits Daniels' widow. She falls for him, he falls for her, she encourages him to go to West Point. While there he faces serious disciplinary review for having forced a plebe into resigning. He may even be court-martialled. Al Roberts, a New York nightclub pianist, hitch-hikes to Hollywood to meet his girlfriend Sue. The gambler he's riding with, Charles, unexpectedly dies. Afraid the police wouldn't believe the truth, Al takes the man's identity. In a gas station, he gives a lift to Vera, a woman that knew Charles and blackmails Al with tragic consequences.  The story of humankind's last stand against a cataclysmic alien invasion. Set in the war-ravaged African countryside, a U.S. soldier and a French foreign aid worker team up to survive the alien onslaught. Their bond will be tested as they search for refuge across a crumbling world. At the beginning of 2012 the so called war against crime, led by the Mexican Federal Government brought, as consequence, a number of nearly 50,000 casualties and a social climate of violence and distrust. How was this experienced by the men and women who fight this violence from the trenches of science? To the End of Reckoning tells through the eyes of the Jalisco Forensics Institute the development of this engagement, in one of the most violent states in the Country. A dramatization of the events at Gallipoli using the letters of the soldiers who were there. It tells the story of the Warsaw Uprising of 1944 through the eyes of a US airman, escaper from the Nazi Stalag camp and two young reporters, cameramen for the Bureau of Information and Propaganda of the Polish Home Army. Their mission: documenting the Uprising by shooting newsreels for the "Palladium" cinema. Looking for the right shots, they go deeper and deeper - literally and figuratively - into the heart of the Uprising. Traumatic truth becomes obvious. Aware of being witnesses of indescribable events, they realize their duties: to document them and preserve the rolls of film at any cost... Two young soldiers, Bartle and Murph, navigate the terrors of the Iraq war under the command of the older, troubled Sergeant Sterling. All the while, Bartle is tortured by a promise he made to Murph's mother before their deployment. Arjang, a wealthy businessman, is having a bad day. After suffering a theft and a car accident in the same day, he must also try to deal with the greed of the wife he is trying to divorce. When he meets Afsaneh, a beautiful pickpocket, these two very different worlds collide and an incredible adventure begins. Super 8mm film transferred to digital video. Installation composed of footage from three separate sequences that interweave frame by frame. Shot in the interiors of empty homes in Amman, Jordan. Sound composed of recording of food ingredients for unspecified dishes looped repetitively over ambient noise from film transfer to digital video. A rag tag unit of misfits known as the War Pigs must go behind enemy lines to exterminate Nazis by any means necessary. Set in a dugout in Aisne in 1918, a group of British officers, led by the mentally disintegrating young officer Stanhope, variously await their fate. Women Building Peace is the story of remarkable women who, after surviving violence, war and genocide in Africa, are rebuilding their lives and societies, forgiving the killers of their families, adopting and raising orphans, breaking taboos, and redefining what it means to be a woman in their traditional cultures.  This documentary looks at some of the root causes behind the atrocities, and how existing matriarchal societies, whose cultural framework and belief systems not only embrace the feminine but see god as female, provide a much-needed peaceful and gender-balanced alternative to the violent, discriminatory cultures that currently dominate most of the world.  The compelling stories of four young people as they struggle to survive a war that ended nearly 20 years ago. The physical conflict is over - but its psychological impact continues. Can they break the cycle of violence? Film producer Gene Gutowski (Repulsion, Cul-de-Sac, The Pianist) was fourteen years old when first the Soviets then the Nazis invaded his hometown of Lwow, Poland. With a combination of chutzpah, street smarts and an unflinching will to live, he spent the war flirting with danger as a teenage Jew hiding in plain site. Witnessing first-hand the unspeakable horrors of the Nazi occupation, frequently cheating death himself and losing his entire family in the process, Gutowski's story is ultimately one of hope. As recounted with humor and pathos to his son, filmmaker Adam Bardach, his remarkable survival tale represents a thumb of the nose at darkness and totalitarianism. War and Peace of Mind explores what war does to the human mind and how both, the individuals and the nation as a whole, survive it psychologically. Finland and WWII, locally known as continuation war, is the backdrop of this documentary. Ideologies collide with fatal results when a military drone contractor meets an enigmatic Pakistani businessman. In the horror of 1944 Auschwitz, a prisoner forced to burn the corpses of his own people finds moral survival trying to save from the flames the body of a boy he takes for his son. Korea, 1950. A child's vow to take care of his family marks the beginning of a lifelong promise spanning sixty years. Poland 1939, shortly before invasion of the German troops. To save their belongings from the Nazis, the Jewish family Diamant transfers them to their 17-year-old catholic maid Fusia. In return Fusia provides them with food until the ghetto is dissolved, and then hides 13 people in her loft for over two years. However, as the front approaches and two German nurses take quarter in Fusias apartment everything seems to be in vain. Another super polished, overly produced debacle. Delivering the gnarliest skateboarding from this year's new breed of rippers: Jamie Foy, Chase Webb, Carlos Iqui, Michael Pulizzi and Cody Lockwood. "If anyone knows where the end of the Earth is, can they take us there?" It is a story about the Soviet worker Pyotr and the German engineer Hans, who came to the USSR before the war on a business trip. At a Soviet plant the German team works in cooperation with Russian specialists. Once Hans makes a mistake which causes the explosion of the furnace and human losses. Hans finds himself at the mercy of Pyotr, the only witness to his actions near the furnace. Pyotr also depends on Hans, because Pyotr's very presence near the furnace entails accusation of subversive actions and a death sentence. Mutual suspicion gives way to silent sympathy and later friendship. They even look like each other, both have small children. Pyotr secretly leaves the town with his family but Hans feels loss rather that relief at the disappearance of the embarrassing witness. One of the most celebrated war correspondents of our time, Marie Colvin is an utterly fearless and rebellious spirit, driven to the frontlines of conflicts across the globe to give voice to the voiceless. The Supreme Price is a feature length documentary film that traces the evolution of the Pro-Democracy Movement in Nigeria and efforts to increase the participation of women in leadership roles. Following the annulment of her father's victory in Nigeria's Presidential Election and her mother's assassination by agents of the military dictatorship, Hafsat Abiola faces the challenge of transforming a corrupt culture of governance into a democracy capable of serving Nigeria's most marginalized population: women. After a third tour of duty in Afghanistan, a Marine sergeant returns home to find herself hemorrhaging anxiety and paranoia from unseen wounds. Track 143 is a highly emotive story about the Iran-Iraq war that focuses on the torment of a woman, whose son volunteers to fight Iraqi forces during the invasion. In the days following the surrender of Germany in May 1945, a group of young German prisoners of war were handed over to the Danish authorities and subsequently sent out to the West Coast, where they were ordered to remove the more than two million mines that the Germans had placed in the sand along the coast. With their bare hands, crawling around in the sand, the boys were forced to perform the dangerous work under the leadership of the Danish sergeant, Carl Leopold Rasmussen. When tribal feuds ignite a firestorm of violence, three surgeons unite for peace. Francis grew up with little schooling during the Sudanese Civil War. Ajak is a Lost Boy who has returned to the tribe he fled as a child. Both men are proteges of Glenn, a grizzled, but brilliant American surgeon. A British Intelligence Officer in Naples at the end of World War II: Norman Lewis's acknowledged masterpiece about a war-torn city and its unforgettable humanity. In the closing days of WWII remnants of the Japanese army in Leyte are abandoned by their command and face certain starvation. The director follows a Sunni Arab doctor as he prepares to run for the early 2005 elections in Iraq.  The story of the people of the Blue Nile and Nuba Mountains in Sudan, showing how they deal with civil war. Traditionally music has always been part of daily life in these areas, but now, it has a new role in a society challenge by war. A man is murdered, apparently by one of a group of soldiers just out of the army. But which one? And why? Oscar and Arthur are two actors without fortune who survive unemployment with a routine street, where one represents the thief and the other to the police. Thanks to this performance are "hired" by Mr. Mauricio Tavares to play a practical joke on dangerous Don Antonio Robledo, a senior executive who suffer a fictional kidnapping for later culminate in a surprise party. As the Battle of the Bulge rages on, an American tank unit gets trapped behind Nazi lines. With just hours before the bombs of Operation Ardennes Fury fall, the tank's commander makes the risky decision to rescue an orphanage. What can a sexless middle aged married man, whose life now consists mainly of watching Scooby Doo cartoons with a four year old boy, possibly find to write comedy about? Formerly stand-up s youthful iconoclast, Lee now gawps blankly at News 24 as Britain burns down around him, and blinks weirdly at the vast wayside retail outlets during endless journeys to and from increasingly indistinct provincial theatres. Once he lived on the pleasure planet. Now he is trapped in Carpet Remnant World The biggest problem of the 19-year-old high school student Jana is the relentless everyday-life and time. She don't want to think about the remaining time until the next event. For her own interests, she prefer to use the time as she would like. But she becomes the victim of her own strategies.. Based on a true story, over 76 hours of a successful military operation conducted in the Piochar region of Swat district, Yalghaar goes up close to follow the lives of the young, passionate officers and soldiers whose patriotism is throbbing with every heartbeat for their country (Pakistan). The Soldier tells us about the military operations taking place in the years 1965-1973 when a group of Russian military operatives carried out the advisory support of North Vietnam as well as covert operations to capture the spoils (the enemy's new war technologies) It is the story of a soldier named Paul who was sent from Moscow military school in Vietnam where he discovers a traitor among his colleagues. However, through a turn of events, he becomes a traitor in the eyes of the commander, and he has to run from his comrades to complete the operation and prove that he is not guilty. Along the way, he joins forces with a North Vietnamese man and an escaped military pilot. The three men make a plan to leave the territory of Vietnam but the road to freedom is full of dangers and surprises. In the end, Paul finds the original traitor and destroys him but he still has to prove his innocence. A couple expecting their first child discover an unnerving difference between themselves and the couple living in the flat below them who are also having a baby. The story is set during an upsurge in the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict and revolves around an old, sick ex-forestry worker and his wife Nabat, whose son has died in battle. Daniel is the son of African parents born in Rome. He is a police officer of the State Police Department. One day he finds out that his unit will have to clear a building where his mother and brother live. Torn between the love for his family and the loyalty to the police, Daniel will have to choose between the two and go with it until the end. This comedy of the absurd is set in the Nazi puppet Independent State of Croatia (NDH) during World War II. The hero, Ljiljan is a young peasant poet who joins the Partisan movement just before it falls apart, abandoned by its leader Tito. The last remaining hope for resisting Nazism is to assassinate Hitler. Ljiljan's task is to write a song that will allow his Partisan band to infiltrate the inner sanctum of the SS - by entering an SS talent show. If they win the competition, they will be invited to perform before Hitler and the NDH's high command. This is a satirical coming-of-age tale with a difference, capturing the craziness, comedy and horror of war in the Balkans. The Reichsfuhrer-SS Heinrich Himmler was Adolf Hitler's most loyal henchman and one of the most feared men of WWII. Surprisingly, he had only one problem... He had no stomach for murder! When the Reichsfuhrer-SS becomes physically ill during the execution of Russian POW's on the Eastern front in 1941. Ruthless, careerist SS General Hans Shellenberg rats Himmler out to the Fuhrer, Adolf Hitler. Hitler tests his loyal Heinrich forcing him to commit the murder of a Polish prisoner named Danuta with his own hands. Thus awakening the Monster within him that will horrify the world for generations to come! Himmler may please his Fuhrer in 1941, but what awaits him after he commits suicide in 1945 is nothing less than Hell itself. See what happens when Himmler meets Erebus, the gatekeeper of Hell! See the nightmarish suffering that awaits the infamous Nazi leader who murdered millions! The year is 1943. An all-female and top-secret department of the SS, run by the notorious Gisela Nussbaum in a secret Gestapo headquarters, conducts medical and biotechnolocical experiments with blood from Norwegian resistance fighters, which is said to hold the key to the Norwegians' unwavering unity and courage. A patriotic Indian soldier is captured by the rival army, struggles to fight against the torture of his enemies and escape captivity. On a drunk night, Shammi suggests that he and Kedar leave for America on a cruise, even though they laugh it off in that instance, in a freak accident by the sea, Kedar and Shammi who are supposed to manage a wedding baraat on a cruise, leave without the baraatis only to lose their direction and land up in Karachi, Pakistan. Three different men, three different worlds, three different wars - all stand at the intersection of modern warfare - a murky world of fluid morality where all is not as it seems. The Regulators' documents a pre-Revolutionary resistance movement that flourished in the colony of North Carolina. Living in a time fraught with rampant abuses of taxation and widespread corruption in the courts, the Regulation supporters petitioned that the government merely follow the law. After years of abuse their opposition finally led to a showdown with Governor Tryon at the Battle of Alamance on May 16, 1771. The movement may have met an ill-fated end that day but these sons of liberty were not forgotten. The Revolutionary movement learned from their successes and failures and applied the lessons as the next chapter of American history was written. The Unknown Soldier is a 1926 American silent drama film directed by Renaud Hoffman and written by Richard Schayer and James J. Tynan. The film stars Charles Emmett Mack, Marguerite De La Motte, Henry B. Walthall, Claire McDowell, and George Cooper. The film was released on May 30, 1926, by Producers Distributing Corporation. Muslim prince Ali and Georgian aristocrat Nino have grown up in the Russian province of Azerbaijan. Their tragic love story sees the outbreak of the First World War and the world's struggle for Baku's oil. Ultimately they must choose to fight for their country's independence or for each other. An unassuming young lawyer leads a fight against the Nazis near the end of the Second World War. As his country is gripped by revolution and war, a Ukrainian victim of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster discovers a dark secret and must decide whether to risk his life and play his part in the revolution by revealing it. The feature film 'After Spring Comes Fall' tells the story of a young woman who tries to escape the turmoil of the Arab Spring... Love Among the Ruins is a spoof about the miraculous discovery and restoration of a long lost Italian silent film. The film connects a contemporary filmmaker with the genius of the Lumini brothers, two cinematic icons who have been almost overlooked in the history of cinema. Wes is awakened in the middle of the night by an unexpected phone call. It's Alison, the girl who could have been, who is flying home to Tokyo in the morning and wants to come by for a night of reminiscing before she goes. A cinema remake of the classic sitcom Dad's Army (1968). The Walmington-on-Sea Home Guard platoon deal with a visiting female journalist and a German spy as World War II draws to its conclusion. Set in the WWII it tells the story of a bunch of american soldiers fighting against a horde of zombies created by the Nazis using the prisoners of the camps... They have only one night to save their own lives but the enemy is stronger and stronger... Lauren Southern investigates what is really happening at Europe's borders. From interviews with human traffickers in Morocco to secret recordings of illegal NGO activity in Greece, Borderless will blow the European Border Crisis wide open. When WW1 breaks out, farm boys, Billy (Josh Davis) and Jack Kelly (Mathew John Davis), along with their cousin, Paddy (Lachie Hume), sign up, and are shipped out to serve in Europe. With Billy a dead-eye shot with a rifle, the boys are soon set up as a sniper team, mowing down Germans and Turks like nobody's business. They become heroes, but back home, the family farm is being circled by a gang of cattle thieves, meaning that even when the war ends, the blood is set to keep flowing. 'A Place for Everyone' explores the human geography of a Rwandan village two decades after the genocide. Survivors and killers still live next to each other and a new generation of young Rwandans has grown up in a society that under goes a fragile reconciliation process. Filmed over the course of more than four years, 'A Place for Everyone' provides an intimate portray of two young Rwandans, a girl of the survivors group and a boy of the killers group, in their quest for love and hate, revenge and forgiveness. Eight-year-old Zoran is the hero of this story set in Skopje during the German occupation of the city in World War II. Through his eyes, we experience all the cruelty, poverty and suffering of wartime. A love affair between his Macedonian mother and a German officer will help his family get through the hard times... Two survivors get in a series of petty arguments about their nomenclatures shortly after the apocalypse. When NATO troops withdrew from Afghanistan, the Afghan National Army (ANA) took over control of Helmand Province, an extremely dangerous region where attacks by Taliban fighters are the order of the day. Security, much less peace, would seem to be unattainable; it is even difficult to find a common language in a country where everyone mistrusts each other. The directors of this film accompanied an ANA company during a year of frontline duty in Helmand. The soldiers are paid irregularly, there are not enough supplies and their equipment is substandard. They cannot fight a war with the equipment left behind by the ISAF. On 2 May 1992, Serb forces besieged Sarajevo, the Bosnian capital, and began indiscriminately terrorizing the predominantly Muslim civilian population. In July, the Sarajevo Airport - the city's only lifeline - came under control of the United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR): Under command of a Canadian general, 800 Canadian peacekeepers used aggressive tactics to deliver humanitarian aid in the midst of a brutal internal conflict. While the siege continued for another three years, in its pivotal opening months, Canadian soldiers saved the lives of thousands and helped begin the Bosnian peace process Less than 24 hours into his parole, charismatic thief Danny Ocean is already rolling out his next plan: In one night, Danny's hand-picked crew of specialists will attempt to steal more than $150 million from three Las Vegas casinos. But to score the cash, Danny risks his chances of reconciling with ex-wife, Tess. During WWII a Soviet artillery unit is fighting Nazis while trying to do everything to save lives of a group of deaf children near their position. A documentary following Army Sergeant Nick Mendes as he adapts to life after surviving a massive improvised explosive device in Afghanistan. Drama based on a true story about the MMR vaccine and its possible links to autism. Christine Shields is certain that the MMR jab he received has caused her son's autism. Meanwhile Dr Andrew Wakefield carries out research into just that, risking his career and reputation. Benjamin Woolley presents the gripping story of Nicholas Culpeper, the 17th century radical pharmacist who took on the establishment in order to bring medicine to the masses. Culpeper lived during one of the most tumultuous periods in British history. When the country was ravaged by famine and civil war, he took part in the revolution that culminated in the execution of King Charles I. But it is Culpeper's achievements in health care that made him famous. By practicing (often illegally) as a herbalist and publishing the first English-language texts explaining how to treat common ailments, he helped to break the monopoly of a medical establishment that had abandoned the poor and needy. His book The English Physician became the most successful non-religious English book of all time, remaining in print continuously for more than 350 years. It's a classic case of opposite attraction: Handsome Ben Bennet (Ethan Sharrett) is a gay, affluent, stylish attorney at the top of the genteel social set in southern Virginia, while Lee Darcy (Chase Conner) is a rough-hewn welder with a secret that he nightly tries to blot out with an excess of liquor. As the mass deportations of the Chechen and Ingush peoples begin in 1944, young Daud and Seda escape to the mountains. When they get back to their native village, however, they witness a horrifying war crime. A Roma boy is placed in a mental hospital and experiences the Nazi euthanasia program. Aware of what was happening and attached to friends, the lad attempts to sabotage the program. The film addresses the complexities of the program director, the lives of the child victims, and the struggles of the child protagonist. More than five thousand children died in the Nazi euthanasia program. 'Afghanistan 1979: the war that changed the world', is a French documentary about the Sovjet invasion in Afghanistan in 1979. It was one of the most crucial events of the 20th century, and changed the world forever. This documentary gives a good insight in the Afghan-Russian war ; the alliance between the Russian and Afghan communist governments ; Islamic resistance ; the support of America for the resistance and its consequences on the war.  A Law &amp; Order TV movie centered on the character Mike Logan. Demi is an actress who's grown up in the dim glare of the Hollywood (North) spotlight. When she decides to brave the world of Internet dating, she quickly finds her ego and her sanity unraveling. In this comedy, set during the Nazi occupation of France, Peter Sellers plays most major male parts, so he stars in nearly every scene, always bumbling in inspector Clouseau-style. As British Major Robinson he is hidden in Madame Grenier's Parisian brothel, right under the nose of the Nazi clients, such as Gestapo agent Herr Schroeder (again him). As General Latour he leads the French resistance, which includes the brothel madam -made a colonel in charge of her sexy 'troops'- and a priest, and is joined by young US diplomat Alan Cassidy. As Japanese imperial Prince Kyoto he becomes a target for the resistance in a monastery on his way to Hitler (again him). At the end he decorates the heroes as French president. Written by KGF Vissers One of the last bills signed by President Lincoln authorizes pushing the Union Pacific Railroad across the wilderness to California. But financial opportunist Asa Barrows hopes to profit from obstructing it. Chief troubleshooter Jeff Butler has his hands full fighting Barrows' agent, gambler Sid Campeau; Campeau's partner Dick Allen is Jeff's war buddy and rival suitor for engineer's daughter Molly Monahan. Who will survive the effort to push the railroad through at any cost? Gary Hart, former Senator of Colorado, becomes the front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1987. Hart's intelligence, charisma and idealism makes him popular with young voters, leaving him with a seemingly clear path to the White House. All that comes crashing down when allegations of an extramarital affair surface in the media, forcing the candidate to address a scandal that threatens to derail his campaign and personal life. King Naresuan the end of Hong Sa. Similar Iuthheete all be one of the greatest battles in history. However, it is not a final battle that Ayodhya has enjoyed peace for another 200 years, if the start of the town and create a counterweight to the earth. In the year 2135 after losing yuthheete. Department of the Red God vent anger at the loss of his son. Viceroy of Hongsa Suphankanlaya to her son and daughter until death. It led the victory of King Naresuan avenge his brother, and she stepped to Bago leveled. Department of the Red God when despair, thus allowing Natshinnaung son of the ruler of Toungoo and forcibly took his property and people from Hong Sa TO Toungoo exhausted. Early 20th century Philippines. The sounds of war signal the arrival of the Americans. A mother and son flee to the mountains, hoping for a quiet life. One day, the son discovers a wounded woman in the middle of the forest, and decides to bring her home. When the Taliban ruled Afghanistan, taking a photo was a crime. After the regime fell from power in 2001, a fledgling free press emerged and a photography revolution was born. Now, as foreign troops and media withdraw, Afghanistan is left to stand on its own and so are its journalists. Set in a modern Afghanistan bursting with color and character, FRAME BY FRAME follows four Afghan photojournalists navigating a dangerous media landscape as they reframe Afghanistan for the world, and for themselves. Through cinema verite, powerful photojournalism, and never-before-seen footage shot in secret during the Taliban regime, the film connects an audience with four humans in the pursuit of the truth. A reunion 40 years in the making. After decades of wondering what became of their combat interpreter, a group of U.S. Navy SEALs attempts to find Nguyen Hoang Minh, left behind in the aftermath of the Vietnam War. When they discover him living in abject poverty, the bond they forged during the conflict is so strong that the entire SEAL community takes up funds to ensure that Minh has financial security for the rest of his life. The film documents the circumstances that created that bond, the reunion, and the impact on the Vietnamese-American community. An old couple decide to bring home their war veteran son from the hospital. Reza (their son) is angry to be home but something comes up to surprise them all. A film depicting the brutally disfigured cultural narrative of a land with the most enviable cultural heritage highlighting the heroic struggle of a few unsung heroes during 2009 Swat Insurgency. Fragment 53 is a feature-length documentary film on war considered in its necessary and universal dimension, faced both as an actual and archetypical event. A gentle widower, enraged at Nazi atrocities against his peaceful Norwegian fishing village, escapes to Britain and returns leading a commando force against the oppressors. Undercover Las Vegas police officer Vincent Downs, who has got a lot of enemies, is caught in a high stakes web of corrupt cops and the mob-controlled casino underground. When a heist goes wrong, a crew of homicidal gangsters gets T, Downs' teenage son. In one sleepless night, he will have to rescue his son T (who they got), evade an internal affairs investigation and bring the kidnappers to justice. The script follows the emotional and spiritual downward spiral of a modern man breaking down under the pressures of everyday life. A man in chains, a young man who dreams of being part of something, to become a militant for an armed group who must wield a cruelty in which he may not believe in. The characters, each voluntary or involuntary part of a mechanism that overcomes them, reveal their greatness or misery in the "minimum" tasks that they perform to survive. From that sometimes morbid poetry of the everyday and the irrefutable truth of the details, we see a country whose social body is sick and injured. A tale of national identity and the meaning of territory in Lebanon. Narrated from a first-person perspective, it focuses on a country defined by religion, whose communities are fearful of demographic partition. Kandahar Journals is the story of a photojournalist who reflects on the events behind his psychological transformation after covering front line combat in Kandahar, Afghanistan from 2006 to 2010. April 2006. Photojournalist Louie Palu finds himself in the midst of body parts and the smell of burned flesh. On his first visit to Kandahar he is covering a suicide bombing. Arriving in the country as the wars violence spirals out of control, Louie is unaware that he will spend the next five years covering the conflict. Louie begins writing a series of journals reflecting on his personal experiences and what the war looked like and felt to him. In June 2011, V75 deployed as part of MTF-3 to Southern Afghanistan. From resupply runs to heavy contacts with the Taliban, this film follows their 8 month deployment, as told by the soldiers on the ground. Gaining Altitude: The Mosquito Reborn tells the story of a Mossie through archival footage and interviews with veteran pilots. We follow the incredible process of restoring a plane that hasn't flown in more than 50 years. And, we'll take to the skies with the world's only known flying original Mosquito.  The Mosquito achieved legendary status in 1940, when it first took flight. Manoeuvrable, light, built of wood and the fastest aircraft on the planet. History tells us that the Mosquito was a crucial element in the victory of the Allied Forces in World War II. But because of its wooden construction nearly all of them have decayed away and it's now one of the rarest planes in the world.  In 2009, an amazing and dedicated team was assembled and charged with the monumental task of fully restoring an original Mosquito to flying condition. And that's where our story begins. A young man struggles to cope with the death of his brother. Port City North Carolina: During a routine camp out, a local vagrant discovers plans for an invasion in America. When he tries to notify the local Sheriff about his discovery, the Sheriff dismisses his claims and has him locked up for loitering. When the Sheriff notices odd interactions with other towns folk he begins to look into the vagrants' claim of a sleeper cell living amongst the locals within this small town. After evidence of a beheading is exposed, others begin to fear that the insurgents attack on hometown USA. Questions and tempers begin to rise. Why this little beach community with it's Norman Rockwell way of life? A town where everyone knows one another... or so they thought. When the truth is blind and justice seems lost, It will take an army of five unlikely heroes banding together to infiltrate the insurgents and foil their invasion plans. War is Hell and Hell comes home at the Check Point. In this remarkable adaptation of Arezki Mellal's novel, a family must defend itself amidst the onslaught of violence between government forces and radical Islamists in 1980s Algeria. The story of Hadji Murad, a 19th-century Chechen chieftain who led his warriors in a fight against the invading forces of the Russian Czar. Captain Ludwig Herckel a devoted and patriotic soldier of the SS Leibstandarte fights in every major conflict from the Eastern front to the battle of the bulge. Fiercely loyal to his country and his brothers in arms, loved by his men, Herckel will face his greatest battle yet when he discovers the truth about the Nazi regime. A team of former robbers arrived at Paradise: Phuket, southern Thailand. Now traders, they are happy days. Until the day when the devil arrives: Mehdi, sentenced to 15 years in prison during the robbery, comes to recover his share of the cake. The Mess. The Madness. The Mockery of the greatest Democracy in the world by the writers of Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro  In Zola's Paris, an ingenue arrives at a tony bordello: she's Nana, guileless, but quickly learning to use her erotic innocence to get what she wants. She's an actress for a soft-core filmmaker and soon is the most popular courtesan in Paris, parlaying this into a house, bought for her by a wealthy banker. She tosses him and takes up with her neighbor, a count of impeccable rectitude, and with the count's impressionable son. The count is soon fetching sticks like a dog and mortgaging his lands to satisfy her whims.  This story of love and espionage focuses on political turmoil as a small nation struggles to free itself from colonial rule, and one man tries to serve both justice and his own heart. Major league baseball player, Moe Berg, a probably gay man lives a double life working for the Office of Strategic Services. "Grozny Blues" follows a few people around Grozny, the capital of war-torn Chechnya where daily life is defined by political repression, constricting customs, forced Islamification and the failure to come to terms with recent history. The film revolves around four women who have been fighting for human rights under worsening conditions for many years but get more and more disillusioned with the situation in Putin's Russia. The building where they work is also home to a Blues Club that is frequented by a group of young people. Having only vague memories of the Chechen wars in the 90s, they try to make sense of the strange things that are happening in their country. In linking the personal and intimate to the political, Nicola Bellucci shows in a dramatic and yet very poetic way what it means to live in a divided society that navigates a no-man's land between war and peace, repression and freedom, archaic traditions and modern life. In this unique and riveting film, a troubled man has a series of dreams in which he finds himself thrown back to a time before his birth, into the Angolan Border War, as a combat soldier. There he meets his father as a young man, when he was a member of the Special Forces. As they go through combat together, the son gets to know his father in a way he never has, giving him insight and compassion, and he is able to let go of lifelong feelings of abandonment, resentment and anger. This leads to forgiveness and a real-life reconciliation, which drives home the underlying message of this film restoring the hearts of the fathers to the children and the hearts of the children to the fathers. In 1942, in Nazi-occupied Amsterdam, the banker brothers Walraven and Gijsbert van Hall face their biggest challenge when they decide to help finance the Dutch resistance. In the middle of a routine patrol, officer Daniel Carter happens upon a blood-soaked figure limping down a deserted stretch of road. He rushes the young man to a nearby rural hospital staffed by a skeleton crew, only to discover that patients and personnel are transforming into something inhuman. As the horror intensifies, Carter leads the other survivors on a hellish voyage into the subterranean depths of the hospital in a desperate bid to end the nightmare before it's too late. It is late spring of 1942, and the Great Patriotic War is in full swing. A long way off from the front-line, at some God-forgotten junction, the Germans make an air landing operation in an attempt to get through to the Kirov railway and the White Sea - the Baltic Sea Canal. These aren't just ordinary paratroopers. This is a team of seasoned and highly trained infiltrators, the elite of the Waffen-SS, superhumans. The only thing in their way is an anti-aircraft artillery unit of corporal Vaskov and five young women in training. It may seem like a fight of local significance, but the countrys main strategic transportation artery is at stake. Can the corporal and his 'petite newbies' prevent Nazi sabotage and at what cost? In a world where nudity has been outlawed for three generations, a naked woman has gotten loose on the streets of Bakersfield. Muna and Ved make a bet which changes their lives forever. A documentary that tells the tale that the victors still do not want you to know. Learn the terrible truth about the rape, torture, slavery, and mass murder inflicted upon the German people by the Allied victors of World Word II. Shot over a period of 25 years, Two Blue Lines examines the human and political situation of Palestinian people from the years prior to the creation of Israel to the present day. By primarily featuring the narratives of Israelis whose positions run counter to their country's official policy, filmmaker Tom Hayes provides a portrait of the ongoing conflict not often depicted in mainstream media. In the questionable town of Deer Meadow, Washington, FBI Agent Desmond inexplicably disappears while hunting for the man who murdered a teen girl. The killer is never apprehended, and, after experiencing dark visions and supernatural encounters, Agent Dale Cooper chillingly predicts that the culprit will claim another life. Meanwhile, in the more cozy town of Twin Peaks, hedonistic beauty Laura Palmer hangs with lowlifes and seems destined for a grisly fate. On April 1, 1945, the United States military launched its invasion of the main island of Okinawa, the start of a battle that was to last 12 weeks and claim the lives of some 240,000 people.  This film depicts the Battle through the eyes of Japanese and American soldiers who fought each other on the same battlefield, along with Okinawa civilians who were swept up in the fighting. The film also depicts the history of discrimination and oppression forced upon Okinawa by the American and Japanese governments. Carrying up to the current controversy over the construction of a new base at Henoko, the film explores the root causes of the widespread disillusionment and anger expressed by many Okinawans.  This ambitious documentary was directed by the American John Junkerman, long-term resident of Japan and Oscar-nominated documentary filmmaker. Okinawa: The Afterburn is a heartfelt plea for peace and an expression of deep respect for the unyielding spirit of the Okinawa people. Thank you for Bombing accompanies three correspondents to their working place in conflict areas and gives an insight into their daily routine aside from cameras and satellite phones - somewhere between bombing alarm, laundry and Bach flower therapy. A story about two young men during the last days of WWII. A railroad worker in China in 1941 leads a team of freedom fighters against the Japanese in order to get food for the poor. The movies follows the incident knows as the second battle of Yeonpyeong which happened in 2002. Maverick cop Orin Boyd always brings down the domestic terrorists he tracks, but he ruffles feathers with his unorthodox techniques -- and soon finds himself reassigned to the toughest district in Detroit. When he discovers a group of detectives secretly operating a drug ring, Boyd joins forces with an unlikely ally -- gangster Latrell Walker -- to bring down the rotten cops.  A German soldier tries to determine if the Dutch resistance has planted a spy to infiltrate the home of Kaiser Wilhelm in Holland during the onset of World War II, but falls for a young Jewish Dutch woman during his investigation. A nomadic 16th century warrior, condemned to hell for his brutal past, seeks redemption by renouncing violence, but finds some things are worth burning for as he fights to free a young Puritan woman from the grip of evil. A weekend of 'fear therapy' turns into a nightmare of terror when a mannequin comes to life. Only those with the courage to confront their demons will survive. A rock star general bent on winning the "impossible" war in Afghanistan takes us inside the complex machinery of modern war. Inspired by the true story of General Stanley McChrystal. This documentary provides an inside look at the devastating effects of the first atomic bomb dropped, as depicted in testimonials from survivors, and computer-generated recreations of the city and way of life that were lost. After the mobster who murdered his partner is acquitted, semicorrupt detective Robert Bryant hires a beautiful female assassin, Maria, to kill him. When he discovers that he cannot afford Maria's services, Bryant is forced to hire another assassin, Madison, to kill her. Maria survives the doublecross and sets out to collect what's owed to her, one way or another. A Shoshone veteran, a teenage powwow princess, and an Arapaho journalist discover their purpose on the Wind River Indian Reservation as they seek lost artifacts.  Four soldiers trapped behind enemy lines must confront their fears and desires while finding a way back to their battalion. A short from Ron DeCaro. During the Second World War 6 prisoners are being held in a prison cell in Concentration Camp Amersfoort, Holland. Their fate is unknown. This night has an impact for many years and in many lives. Fuglene Over Sundet is the gripping tale of the Danish Jews' escape to Sweden in October 1943. Li, a former soldier who's family broke apart during wartime, was born in Hebei Province in China. He joined the army since youth, never about any political beliefs, but to survive by fighting for those who fed him. The war brought him to Taipei Taiwan, a place where he spent six decades to fit in. Li never had a chance to return to his hometown Hebei, but has revisited it countless times in his dreams. whenever he dreams of it, he sees blood flowing all over the place. At the age of sixty, he decided to separate from his wife and children and lived alone for 20 years. He missed all those years wasted in wartime when he was young, at the same time, he had no idea how his eventful life would come to an end... In the confused melee that follows a roadside bomb attack on their convoy in Afghanistan, a Dutch soldier opens fire on a suspect Afghan, only to find that this killing unleashes a chain of dramatic events that will cast a long shadow over the lives of all initial survivors. How do these people live, how do they endure the confinement and pain of the country's borders ? Under the splendor of the landscapes we can feel the constant threat of a cold war In the heart of Caucasus. The villagers have learned to live with the sound of reports, while knowing that the next bullet may be for them. Scenes from ordinary life, in a country where the threat of war may never be forgotten: yet a feeling of life prevails: resident forever, forever. This film talk about the current state of the world and humanity with respect to imposed violence, in a set of border areas. After the death of her parents young girl Manuela von Meinhardis is sent to a boarding school where Prussian drill rules the education. Desperately seeking love and warmth in Manuela's heart special emotions for the only human lady teacher, Fraeulein von Bernburg, start growing. Manuela falls in love with her. It's just a matter of time until that forbidden love becomes known what immediately leads to disaster. Though Elisabeth von Bernburg has never returned the love she is forced to leave the school; Manuela gets a severe punishment, like someone who has committed a crime. A small fight promotion company in the UK provides an arena for disabled boxing and mixed martial arts fighters. In 2010, this film started out as an ordinary documentary about the maker's family and the city of Salamya where they come from. However, it immediately fixates on its first subject: Hassan, the maker's farmer cousin with a shed full of cows he is very fond of. When Ali Sheikh Khudr returned two years later, the war proved to have inflicted deep wounds.  An anorexic young woman escapes from a psychiatric clinic and meets a young man who wants to help. She is caught and returned to her parents, who are soon beheaded by a garrotting stranger making the rounds about town, apparently striking only when it rains. The orphaned young woman and her new lover launch their own investigation and are endangered when a link is discovered with the victims and a particular operation performed years before. Seven Decades after the bloody battle for Omaha Beach in Normandy, France on D-Day, many veterans are returning to visit one last time. Omaha Beach: Honor And Sacrifice tells the very personal stories of several veterans as they return to Omaha Beach and the celebration that Normandy, France holds in their honor every year. 'A Brilliant Genocide' is an expose of how an African dictator has been able to commit mass murder and still get a regular audience at The White House and 10 Downing Street. The true story of Marine Corporal Megan Leavey, who forms a powerful bond with an aggressive combat dog, Rex. While deployed in Iraq, the two complete more than 100 missions and save countless lives, until an IED explosion puts their faithfulness to the test. CITIZEN SOLDIER is a dramatic feature film, told from the point of view of a group of Soldiers in the Oklahoma Army National Guard's 45th Infantry Brigade Combat Team, known since World War II as the "Thunderbirds." Set in one of the most dangerous parts of Afghanistan at the height of the surge, it is a heart-pounding, heartfelt grunts' eye-view of the war. A modern day Band of Brothers, Citizen Soldier tells the true story of a group of young Soldiers and their life-changing tour of duty in Afghanistan, offering an excruciatingly personal look into modern warfare, brotherhood, and patriotism. Using real footage from multiple cameras, including helmet cams, these Citizen Soldiers give the audience an intimate view into the chaos and horrors of combat and, in the process, display their bravery and valor under the most hellish of conditions. Germany in Autumn does not have a plot per se: it mixes documentary footage, along with standard movie scenes, to give the audience the mood of Germany during the late 1970s. The movie covers the two-month time period during 1977 when a businessman was kidnapped, and later murdered, by the left-wing terrorists of the RAF-Rote Armee Fraktion (Red Army Faction), also known as the Baader-Meinhof gang. Lillie, a determined American woman, ventures overseas to join Dr. Jude at a remote medical mission in the Ottoman Empire (now Turkey). However, Lillie soon finds herself at odds with Jude and the mission's founder, Woodruff, when she falls for the titular military man, Ismail, just as the war is about to erupt. The true story about the biggest warcriminal from Holland during world war II, Andries "Al Capone" Riphagen. A family transformed by the forces of war.  Upon turning eight-teen, Salih leaves the orphanage to find his lost family and begins working in a Serbian farm. Suddenly, at the most unexpected moment he has found a home. Will he ever be able to let go of the ghosts of his past and be happy in this new life? As tension escalates disquieting secrets surface. A gripping tale of family, love and identity, My Mother's Wound follows Salih as he searches for a trail of hope amongst war-torn lives. It is a sunny summer day in 1943. Poland is under German occupation. A group of young people, inhabitants of a nearby village, goes to the forest to gather fir cones and brushwood to use as firewood. They talk, flirt and make plans for the future. However this outing has an unexpected outcome: a certain event that is new to them will change their lives and the lives of other people who appear as the story develops. In the final days of WWI a shell-shocked soldier must lead a mission deep beneath the trenches to stop a German plot that could turn the tide of the war. After Anschluss -- the Nazi invasion and incorporation of Austria in 1938 -- a group of Jewish children travel from Vienna to Oslo for summer camp. But when the time comes for them to return home, the political conditions on the continent have worsened and they can no longer return to their families. In Norway, an orphanage is established to look after these effectively homeless children, one of whom is director Nina Grunfeld's father. Fanny is a Jewish girl in a French orphanage in 1943. When she and her friends are no longer safe from the Nazis, they try to flee to Switzerland. After their guide disappears, Fanny has to take the lead and help the other kids make it over the mountains. Norma and Arthur Lewis, a suburban couple with a young child, receive a simple wooden box as a gift, which bears fatal and irrevocable consequences. A mysterious stranger delivers the message that the box promises to bestow upon its owner $1 million with the press of a button. However pressing this button will simultaneously cause the death of another human being somewhere in the world; someone they don't know. With just 24 hours to have the box in their possession, Norma and Arthur find themselves in the cross-hairs of a startling moral dilemma and must face the true nature of their humanity. On 3 April 2004, during the holiday of Ashura, Iraqi rebels loyal to Shiite leader Muktada As-Sadr, launched an insurgency in the Polish zone. The Poles, together with Bulgarian soldiers and Iraqi police, were given the task of defending City Hall, led by Lieutenant colonel Grzegorz Kaliciak. The clash developed into the biggest Polish engagement since World War II. Not a single allied soldier died, although about 80 insurgents were killed in a counter-attack. An intense thriller from the frontlines of World War II. As Operation Valkyrie prepares to assassinate Adolph Hitler, an Allied special ops team prepares to extract the man destined to lead post-war Germany. But after Valkyrie fails, everything changes. Now, unlikely allies must work together to stop a group of Nazi Officers from fleeing to Argentina and establishing the Fourth Reich. Life on the Border is a true story of life in the early days of America. It is the terrible experience of a young pioneer mother left alone for the day in her wilderness home with only a five-year-old child as company. The mother is accidentally imprisoned in a woodshed near the cabin, by her child. The little one tries in vain to lift the heavy latch, and while the mother is thus imprisoned, a bear, being pursued by a band of prowling Indians, arrives upon the scene. Frightened nearly to death, the child hides near a pile of logs. The imprisoned mother, thoroughly frightened, becomes frantic as the pursuing Indians come upon the scene. The Indians explore the grounds and ransack the empty cabin, finding the "fire water" and medicine chest. In their subsequent hilarity they set fire to the cabin and out-buildings, among them the shed in which the terrified mother is imprisoned. The drunken Indians, suddenly remembering the bear, depart in search of the animal. Deep in the woods of Maine, a broken promise made after the September 11th attacks forces two friends to confront the teenagers they were and the men they've become. In this WW2 epic comedy - in the vein of "La Grande Vadrouille" - our two heroes, Max and Leon, two lazy and partier pals, will try by all possible means to avoid going in the battle zone... This will lead the duo to demented and wild adventures. Second Lieutenant Han Sang-Yeol leads his platoon during the Korean War in the early 1950s. He carries emotional scars and pain within. So when he meets some children from a choir, who have lost everything in the war, Sang-Yeol is deeply moved and tries to protect to them. 'The Hurt Locker' meets 'An Inconvenient Truth', THE AGE OF CONSEQUENCES investigates the impacts of irreversible climate change, resource scarcity, mass migration, and pandemic conflict through the lens of US national security and global instability. An underdog basketball team under the helm of an idealist school teacher from hard scrabble Diyarbakir in Southeastern Turkey goes beyond winning games in their mission to rise above prejudice, poverty and political turmoil created by the decades long conflict between the Turkish state and Kurdish rebels who are fighting for local autonomy and cultural rights. Things can get tumultuous in the home of the city of love. An anthology of charming, award winning short films all about sex, love and everything in between. Despite his dedication to the junior-high students who fill his classroom, idealistic teacher Dan Dunne leads a secret life of addiction that the majority of his students will never know. But things change when a troubled student Drey makes a startling discovery of his secret life, causing a tenuous bond between the two that could either end disastrously or provide a catalyst of hope. The film "Pilecki" is a fictionalized documentary depicting the story of Witold Pilecki, from his youth through action during World War II, up to the imprisonment and death in May 1948. Stevan Jakovljevic, a biology teacher and World War I veteran who fought for the Serbian army, arrives to the celebration of the twentieth anniversary of the end of the war and the opening of an ossuary in the village where he used to be stationed with his first company, the Fifth Artillery Battery. There he encounters only the aged Commander, and through their flashbacks we see the fate of the Fifth Battery which was disbanded in that very village. Directed by Christopher Menaul ('Summer in February', 'Fatherland) and written by Jenny Lecoat, Another Mother's Son tells the true story of Louisa Gould, a widow living in Nazi occupied Jersey who takes in a Russian prisoner of war, Feodor Burrij. Jenny Seagrove, Julian Kostov, John Hannah, Ronan Keating and Amanda Abbington star. The producer is Bill Kenwright. A thriller about a never-ending war, a town ravaged by a devastating storm, and the woman caught in between. A Hindu man caught in the midst of the Bangladesh Liberation War of 1971 risks his life to see his sister. In midst of an existential threat to the indigenous Assyrians by ISIS, the filmmaker travels back to his ancestral homeland, Syria, on a journey of nostalgia and discovery. Documentary revealing the inner workings of the world's most powerful intelligence organization, with unprecedented access to America's spy network, all 12 living CIA directors and top agency operatives, who talk candidly about torture, secret prisons, drone warfare, alleged assassinations and the constant threat of attack, which begs the question: how far should America go to keep us safe? The story of the dramatic fate of the Czech climber Josef speck and his comrades, executed by the Nazis in April 1945 in Theresienstadt. Sulayman, with blazing eyes, his radiant face, lives in "the clay boulder" in perfect harmony with fauna and flora. An orphan since the age of three, he was raised by an old hermit, with "stormy veins". Sulayman meets Khadija, the daughter of the village head, Caid. Caid is a supporter of the French occupation, and is strictly opposed to any union between Sulayman and his daughter. The young shepherd, through the deepest fibres of his soul, finds himself between two worlds. His greatest wish would be to not have to choose, but as he must, Sulayman sets out to unite them within the heart of his new journey... "Men of Clay" is a metaphysical tale about the human condition. This journey explores the fibers of the soul, transcends certainties and contradictions, such as the vulnerability of being or fields of confusion. It cracks and obligates one to rebuild and enhance all aspects of beauty within a universe that ends up breathless... cheap ass civil war movie The story of a drummer and his family during the Liberation War of Bangladesh in 1971. A Special Ops military Force, led by expert sniper Sergeant Jake Chandler, are sent to a remote Afghan village to extract an American congressman being held by the Taliban. A four decade journey through Bangladesh. The Sino-Japanese War at Sea 1894 is set in the late 19th century and revolves around the events of the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), which was fought between the Qing Empire of China and the Empire of Japan. A documentary that takes us to the heart of jihadism in Mali After teenage ambulance driver Ernest Hemingway (Chris O'Donnell) takes shrapnel in the leg during World War I, he falls in love with Agnes von Kurowsky (Sandra Bullock), a beautiful older nurse at the hospital where he's sent to recover. Their affair slowly blossoms, until Hemingway boldly asks Agnes to be his wife and journey to America with him. Richard Attenborough directs this drama based on the real-life experiences of the famed novelist. Salma is a 37 years old paramedic nurse working in private and public hospitals in Tunisia. When her only son, Murad, go to Syria to join the terrorist movement Al-Nusra Front, Salma infiltrate the jihadists with the aim to bring her son back to Tunisia. After three combat tours in Iraq, Alex Sutton attempts a fresh start hatching chickens and raising goats on 43 acres in rural North Carolina. Alex embraces life on the farm with his new love Jessica, but cycles between a state of heightened alert and "feeling zombified" from a cocktail of prescriptions meant to stabilize his injured mind. When Jessica becomes pregnant, the dark past Alex has tried to escape--the loss of his first family, the war he was forced to leave--closes in on him. The farm becomes another battleground. Farmer/Veteran attempts to reconcile the identity of a perfect soldier with the reality of a haunted man determined to hold onto the best chance at peace he's ever known. A troubled teen on the verge of suspension from school must learn to resist the allure of street crime. After the fall of the September Campaign of 1939, two Polish pilots are forced to fight for their nation in foreign battlefronts. In an Armenian village, evicted in the result of the Armenian-Azeri conflict, Abgar stays behind all alone in a gradually shrinking enemy ring. He is waiting for his daughter, who became a witness to her husband's murder by an angry mob and was hospitalized with a mental disorder. An Azeri named Ibrahim, offers Abgar to work on the construction of a mosque and promises to find and bring Abgar's daughter instead... A few days later, Ibrahim finds the girl, named Yurga, in one of the psychiatric hospitals of Baku and brings her to Abgar. Abgar wants to leave the village with his daughter, but his skills of a stonemason are still needed for construction of a new mosque. Abgar realizes that this work in the Azerbaijani village will be endless and realizes that he's been trapped. In the spring of 1945, the commanding officer of the National Armed Forces in Mazowsze and older brother of 20-year-old Mieczyslaw Dziemieszkiewicz, is assassinated by Soviet soldiers. Mieczyslaw then joins the National Military Union. He becomes the commander of a partisan unit fighting for the next six years to free Poland from Soviet tyranny by terrorizing the UB and its collaborators. Communist authorities will do whatever it takes to track down the "enemy of the people's power."  The film consists of three parts. The first one is about a harmonious family that will be separated because of the existing situation. Little Aram carries the tragedy of the separated family. In a day, his entire childhood ends. The reason is one thing only... In the second part of the film a feminine touch is evident by Astghik's character. One step and peace turn to war in a day, that's when she loses her friendship, her love, and the idol. The third film tells about a 14-year old Tevanik who becomes part of the war activities. During the fights and as a result of his inability to put an end to a beauty, moments become decisive for Tevanik Born of a god but raised as a man, Perseus is helpless to save his family from Hades, vengeful god of the underworld. With nothing to lose, Perseus volunteers to lead a dangerous mission to defeat Hades before he can seize power from Zeus and unleash hell on earth. Battling unholy demons and fearsome beasts, Perseus and his warriors will only survive if Perseus accepts his power as a god, defies fate and creates his own destiny. David Berman and his friends, all Holocaust survivors, have only one purpose: to go to America as soon as possible. For this they need money. Close to his aim, David is not only deprived of his savings but also overtaken by his shady past. Seven year-old old twin brothers, separated during the Civil War in Tajikistan, face each other years later in a new war where one is an American soldier and the other is Taliban. Lightning Jack Kane is an Australian outlaw in the wild west. During a bungled bank robbery he picks up mute Ben Doyle as a hostage. The two become good friends, with Jack teaching Ben how to rob banks, while they plan Jack's last heist. True shocking stories about war rapes and other acts of sexual violence during the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1992. The Land Beneath Our Feet follows a young Liberian man, uprooted by war, who returns from the USA with never-before-seen footage of Liberia's past. The uncovered footage is embraced as a national treasure. Depicting a 1926 corporate land grab, it is also an explosive reminder of eroding land rights. The Philippines, 1898. Fifty Spanish soldiers arrive in the small village of Baler to rebuild an outpost. Although the war against the Filipinos and their American allies is almost lost, as is the Spanish Empire, the garrison will endure a cruel siege for eleven months. They will be the last to surrender. "As an inhuman army of unknown origin rips apart her homeland, a young girl discovers within herself a well of mystical power that she neither wants nor understands. Together with her sister and an old sage, she strikes out across the war-torn countryside, searching for the truth behind an ancient family secret that could save the world from annihilation." A Syrian radio DJ documents the experiences of herself and her friends as their dreams of overthrowing their elected government give way to the grim realities of sectarian death squads and extremism. The story revolves around Chef Cleavon 'Von' Burkett, a former ladies' man who was living the good life with a beautiful wife until one day he wasn't. A heart attack brings Von face to face with God, and God offers Von a second chance at life, if he atones to all of his exes. With the help of his best friend and the determination to live, Von embarks on a journey to seek redemption. But very soon he realizes that hell hath no fury like the women he's scorned. In 1934 Diego Padilla wins the Spanish Championship of Chess and meets a French journalist, Marianne Latour, and they fall in love. At the end of the Civil War, Marianne convinces Diego to live in France with their daughter, where shortly afterwards Diego will be accused of spying by the Nazis and imprisoned in an SS prison. In prison, Diego will try to survive in a hostile environment thanks to Colonel Maier's passion for chess. From July to December 2015, with a camera team in tow, Bernard-Henri Levy journeyed 1,000 km along the frontline separating Iraqi Kurdistan from Islamic State troops. The journey resulted in an illustrated logbook offering a special insight into an unfinished war with a global impact. Alongside the Peshmergas - Kurdish fighters imbued with a spirit of unfailing determination in their fight against obscurantism and jihadism, the film takes us from the heights of Mosul to the heart of the Sinjar mountains, passing the last Christian monasteries threatened with destruction along the way. A tale peopled by real characters, men and women whose faces are rarely seen...  A group of people are stuck on a schooner in the middle of the Pacific with no wind. Two soldiers from opposite sites get stuck between the front lines in the same trench. The UN is asked to free them and both sides agree on a ceasefire, but will they stick to it? A naval officer reprimanded after Pearl Harbor is later promoted to rear admiral and gets a second chance to prove himself against the Japanese. For many decades, the Caribbean island of Vieques was used for military tests and training. In Mississippi, a small-town lawyer receives a phone call, drawing his attention to increased incidences of cancer. He takes the case to court. Based on his investigation, "Kings in Paradise - The Vieques Case" shows how the military destroyed the island's ecosystem and its people. It is a story about a desperate fight for justice. In the autumn of 1945, Petty Officer Tadashi Yamaji is among the numerous war crimes suspects facing death on the gallows for maltreatment of Allied women and children interned in camp Kampili. Kampili is located some ten kilometers outside Macassar on the island of Celebes. Eighteen-hundred Allied women and children were interned for the duration of the war. Yamaji's iron rule for camp administration is : No violence; hands off internees; He also endeavors to establish self-administration by internees while aiming at a self-supporting camp economy within six months. His ingenuity gains the camp numerous pigs to enrich their diet, and sewing machines with to make fatigue uniforms for the military. The internees are grateful for what little aid he can give them. As the tides of war changes, Allied planes bomb the camp in error. But the surrender of Japan changes everything, and the internees join forces to save their former camp commander from the gallows. Elle a une passion: la danse. Une ambition: danser a Broadway. Un handicap: elle est muette. Le samedi soir, dans une boite new-yorkaise, elle affronte les plus grands DJ et, quelle que soit la musique, techno, funk, jazz ou soul, elle garde le tempo et met le public a genoux. Un soir, dans la foule, un jeune scientifique la decouvre, fascine. Avec elle, il inventera un systeme qui lui permettra de danser, de s'exprimer et d'aimer...  1973. Six years after returning from the Six Day War with a battle shock, Menashe realizes he will never be the man he used to be before the war. He can't communicate with his surroundings, and spends his days driving away in his red track for long hours. The young family he created collapses due to his lack of communication with his wife, Daphna, and their little son, Shlomi. At a time when PSTD is still not recognized as a medical condition, Daphna, his wife, struggles to get help from the military in order to maintain her husband's last bits of sanity, while 10 year-old Shlomi tries to understand what happened to his father and why he is different. When the Yom Kippur War breaks out, and Menashe is sent again to the battle field, the small family crumbles to the dust. In a desolate war zone where screams of the innocent echo, on the very line between disaster and valor, 7 Maroon Berets will dance with death. Christmas 1944, The Germans make one final push against the attacking allied armies in the West. Lt. Robert Cappa and his platoon of 2nd Infantry Division soldiers have been ordered to hold a vital road junction against the German aggressors. Cappa and his men must find their faith and strength to stand against their enemy in the epic fight know as "The Battle of The Bulge." Esma, Berk and Hasan are three people who try to escape the troubles of life with the help of a video game called Discovery. These three young people is sucked into the game in a mystical way. They find themselves in the battle of Gallipoli. This story is somewhat in the nature of a poetical fantasy, and may be construed as the spectator pleases. It is the story of a wanderer who prefers to seek, through his flute, the spirit of truth, that he may give it out into the world as he passes through his various journeys and experiences in life and thus make earth a better and fairer place. He prefers this to the perpetual strife for gain. Two soldiers from opposite sites get stuck between the front lines in the same trench. The UN is asked to free them and both sides agree on a ceasefire, but will they stick to it? Documentary tells about specific phases of the battle for the Donetsk airport and about the fighters of Ukrainian Volunteer corps in Pisky. The film presents the war in its extreme concentration - adrenaline, humor, pain, anguish, and courage tightly packed into 82 minutes of screen time. It shows scenes of battle, the evacuation of the wounded, the capture of the new terminal, and civilians, who live near the fighting's epicenter. It features death and frontline humor, and a bit of philosophical discussions as well. Laxman Singh Bisht is nicknamed tube light by his neighbours because he is feeble-minded. Despite being special, Laxman lives by one life-lesson; keep your faith alive and you can do almost anything, even stop a war.  A feature documentary about the people and the planes that helped win World War War II. Through people personally connected to the events, the film investigates the story of how the Spitfire, its stable-mate, the Hawker Hurricane and its great adversary, the Messerschmitt 109 came into being during the huge advances in aviation in the interwar period--and then how the pilots fared in combat, three miles up in the skies over Europe, Africa and Asia. Summer 1943, Piedmont, Italy. Milton loves Fulvia who plays with his love: she only likes the depth of his thought and the letters he writes to her. One year later, Milton has joined the Resistance and fights beside other partisans. He learns during a conversation that Fulvia was secretly in love with his best friend Giorgio, a partisan like him. Milton decides to go find Giorgio in the Langhe region of Italy with all its misty hills...But Giorgio has just been arrested by the Fascists. Yayoi slammed into an assassin. However, they expect an onslaught Josui The line is used to intercept this army Kuroda tolerated. Thus ninja, dropped off into the open fire of the battle of interspersed dark sorcery.. Horrific Nazi experiments have left a surviving WWII soldier with a terrifying condition: at the sight of fresh blood, he transforms into a man-sized, blood-sucking killer insect. Refusing to let his affliction destroy him and all he loves, he instead commits himself to using his "powers" for good-by finding the people responsible and bringing them to justice. Orwa Al Mokdad starts a journey from Daraa, southern Syria, to Aleppo, northern Syria, to understand the reasons that have shattered the whole Arab region over the country's history and the distance that has grown for the past five years, since the beginning of the Syrian war. A distance that has split the region and its inhabitants into North and South. A young woman decides to find her house that she has been deprived of at the age of 4 due to the war. The only chance to get to the occupied area is to cross the border secretly. The border barrier, the natural dividing line, the river Enguri, all add up to the artificially-created wire line by Russian Soldiers. In search of her house, the protagonist explores lives of internally displaced persons for 24 years after the war and sinks into the art of existence that seems to be war, rather than peace. In the process, she meets with so-called 'connectors', who help her get to the occupied territory. The story portrays everlasting estranging damage occupation can bring: how it can eradicate the concept of ' home' and the comforting feeling of safety. Two men of faith, one a traveling Christian preacher, the other the ruler of a Muslim Empire, bucked a century of war, distrust, and insidious propaganda in a search for mutual respect and common ground. It is the story of Francis of Assisi and the Sultan of Egypt, and their meeting on a bloody battlefield during the period of Christian- Muslim conflict known as the Crusades. An Indian soldier gets stuck in no man's land along with his Pakistani counterpart. They disregard their differences as they join forces to save the life of a Kashmiri boy who steps onto a mine. The Sept. 11, 2001, attack on the Pentagon is recalled via the first-person accounts of Pentagon personnel, first responders, aviation experts and journalists. Included: Department of Defense footage from inside the Pentagon. Thirty years after serving together in the Vietnam War, Larry "Doc" Shepherd, Sal Nealon and the Rev. Richard Mueller reunite for a different type of mission: to bury Doc's son, a young Marine killed in Iraq. Forgoing burial at Arlington National Cemetery, Doc and his old buddies take the casket on a bittersweet trip up the coast to New Hampshire. Along the way, the three men find themselves reminiscing and coming to terms with the shared memories of a war that continues to shape their lives. During the One Year War of U.C. 0079, the Earth Federation and Principality of Zeon engage in a fierce battle at the "Thunderbolt Sector", a shoal zone in the former Colony Side 4 "Moore". After successfully infiltrating Zeon's sniper field, ace Federation pilot and jazz enthusiast Io Fleming is given control of the latest Gundam prototype. A love story set in modern day, post-revolutionary Ukraine between Julia, an idealistic student activist, and a wounded soldier fresh from the warfront. Four young women travel to their college professor's new country home for a weekend getaway, only to discover that the house has a malevolent past. This war drama is dedicated to the victory in the Great Patriotic War (1941-1945). It revolves around Pavel Zubov, a school teacher whose village was occupied by the fascists. Being a teacher is his calling in life. He believes in such basic human values as love and family. However, a certain chain of events changes the way he perceives life and leads him to a darker view of reality. In this time of war, as the enemy shows its true face, he must make an uneasy choice to either survive and adapt to the new regime or fight for his family, love, homeland, ideals, and beliefs. In the poor, desolate northern provinces of the mountainous feudal Sunni kingdom of Afghanistan (before the Soviet-engineered republican revolutions), the status of the proud men and their clans is determined less by wealth or even military power (both rare) then by victories in the ancient, though game of buskashi, a vicious form of polo dating back to Genghis Khan, in which the chapendaz (participating horsemen) use their horse-whips on both mounts and rivals in a ruthless fight for a heavy 'ball', a dead calf, which must be carried a long way, almost impossible with all the others mercilessly assailing. Tursen, a former champion, now holds the status of village notable thanks to his position as stable-keeper of the regional lord Osman Bey, and has finally bred a horse without equal, the white stallion Jahil, in time for the royal tournament on the plain of Bagrami, just outside the capital Kabul... Little Fiel is a short documentary with stop motion animation about unending civil war. It is based on childhood memories of a renowned Mozambican artist Fiel dos Santos who grew up during the 16-year civil war - another proxy war sustained by conflicting foreign powers. Fiel created eight figures representing his father, mother, five brothers and sister from decommissioned AK-47s. Three New York artists turned them into puppets and animated. Little Fiel tells a universal story of peaceful people who have been coerced, conscripted and enticed into killing each other. It is our desperate act of hope. In 1915, a German saboteur comes to Manhattan. Co-opting progressive labor politics, he provokes a neutral America into World War I. The Live action adaptation of a Disney Classic. When a litter of dalmatian puppies are abducted by the minions of Cruella De Vil, the parents must find them before she uses them for a diabolical fashion statement. Charlie Anderson, a farmer in Shenandoah, Virginia, finds himself and his family in the middle of the Civil War he wants nothing to do with. When his youngest boy is taken prisoner by the North the Civil War is forced upon him. One of the presidential candidates whose main campaign promise to end crime. When a day come back home with his wife, found the lifeless body of her son who had come to steal. The young man was a drug addict, just with what the candidate wants to end. So he decided  hide his body until elections are for the matter not to spill his candidacy. The story of French high-wire artist Philippe Petit's attempt to cross the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center in 1974. A documentary exploring the experience of going to war with a Military Working Dog, trained to find bombs before they can kill or maim soldiers, often at the expense of the dog's sanity. A group of young people happen upon an old man in a castle who turns out to be the devil. No overview found A hack screenwriter writes a screenplay for a former silent film star who has faded into Hollywood obscurity. Jang-gun lives in a remote country, Kkachigol, with his loving mom. His name, Jang-gun, means 'General' in Korean which his mother named wishing him to be a great person. But he just want to be a ordinary farmer and his only wish is growing potato well and getting married Kkotbuni someday. One day, Jang-gun receives a draft notice and conscripted into the army even not knowing the meaning of the war. !Las Sandinistas! uncovers the disappearing stories of women who shattered barriers to lead combat and social reform during Nicaragua's 1979 Sandinista Revolution, and who continue to lead Nicaragua's current struggle for democracy and equality. The eight-year Iran-Iraq War was one of the most brutal conflicts to devastate the region in the 20th century. Zahed was 13 years old when he enrolled in the Iranian army. Najah was 18 when he was conscripted into the Iraqi army, and he fought against Zahed in the Battle of Khorramshahr. Fast forward 25 years, a chance encounter in Vancouver between these two former enemies turns into a deep and mutually supportive friendship. Expanded from the 2015 short film by the same name. James Bond must investigate a mysterious murder case of a British agent in New Orleans. Soon he finds himself up against a gangster boss named Mr. Big. The survivor of a cursed family seeks revenge on the lover who jilted her. Hundreds of Western volunteers have joined Kurdish armies in Syria and Iraq in their efforts to fight the Islamic State. What drives some Canadians to put their lives on the line? When an evil spirit known as Pitch lays down the gauntlet to take over the world, the immortal Guardians must join forces for the first time to protect the hopes, beliefs and imagination of children all over the world. Two enemies long at war with one another decide to sit down and talk. They have rejected and been mutually ignorant of one another for over five decades, meaning that the first thing they must find within themselves are the arguments, language and gestures needed to shift from violence to political negotiation. For four years journalist and filmmaker Natalia Orozco followed men and women on the path to becoming aware of the decisive role they were either forced to play or chose willingly...  SYNOPSIS FICCI 57 The Filipino-American War is quite possibly the past century's least known armed conflict, especially troubling as its horrors foreshadowed so many of the horrors to come. Everything that we later saw in the Korean, Vietnam and, most recently, the Gulf Wars - from water boarding to search-and-destroy tactics - already happened during the USA's first major 'civilizing mission' abroad, as it was sold to the public at the time.  Memories of a Forgotten War is an experimental take on that behemoth of a hole in history: a hybrid between documentary and fiction, a weaving of stories in which stylised historical recreations, interview attempts with unwitting present-day US citizens (one of them wondering in all seriousness whether the war was fought over rice- eating preferences!), oral history and animation all have their place. Six-year-old Ahmad doesn't want to remember that he is Syrian. He recently lost his older brother to the war in Syria, and now lives with his family in a Lebanese refugee camp. Traumatised, overwhelmed, disengaged, he prefers to be silent. Director Soudade Kaadan's patient observation accompanies Ahmad, as he recovers a sense of childhood lightness despite his grief. Amid endless images of violence, the film poses a question about the future, and in Kaadan's words, "explores the impossibility to verbally express what is happening in Syria now." James Bond returns as the secret agent 007 one more time to battle the evil organization SPECTRE. Bond must defeat Largo, who has stolen two atomic warheads for nuclear blackmail. But Bond has an ally in Largo's girlfriend, the willowy Domino, who falls for Bond and seeks revenge. This is the last time for Sean Connery as Her Majesty's Secret Agent 007. Made outside of the traditional Broccoli production environment due to separate rights having been obtained for this specific Ian Fleming story. Meat the Future ushers the viewer into a world vexed by the impacts of modern day industrial animal agriculture and zeros in on a solution-focused story. Revealing challenges and breakthroughs and posing a myriad of questions about the future, this 90-minute character-driven documentary explores the advent of real meat without the need to raise and slaughter animals.  Spanning three years, Meat the Future chronicles the potentially game-changing birth of a new food industry referred to as "cell-based" "clean" and "cultured" meat - a term hotly debated as the industry approaches commercialization  A police detective assigned to work a gay bar on an undercover drug operation gets hooked up with a gay student hustler.  After the student witnesses a murder, the cop provides him an alibi and invites him to stay at his apartment. There a homosexual relationship develops... A camera in the hands of African Union soldiers in Mogadishu, Somalia, captures the war on the jihadist militants in Al-Shabaab. This documentary reveals new insight into events leading up to the attack, focusing on the story of Admiral Husband Kimmel, who was stripped of his rank, forced into obscurity, and accused of negligence. India's first underwater war film tries to decode the mystery behind the sinking of Pakistani submarine PNS Ghazi during the Indo-Pak war of 1971. The true story of WWII's notorious Sobibor Nazi death camp, where a courageous inmate orchestrates and leads the escape of over 300 prisoners. With unprecedented access, this documentary follows the extraordinary journey of "Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently"--a group of anonymous citizen journalists who banded together after their homeland was overtaken by ISIS--as they risk their lives to stand up against one of the greatest evils in the world today. Winner of the Grand Jury Documentary prize at the Sundance Film Festival, Syrian filmmaker Feras Fayyad's breathtaking work -- a searing example of boots-on-the-ground reportage -- follows the efforts of the internationally recognized White Helmets, an organization consisting of ordinary citizens who are the first to rush towards military strikes and attacks in the hope of saving lives. Incorporating moments of both heart-pounding suspense and improbable beauty, the documentary draws us into the lives of three of its founders -- Khaled, Subhi, and Mahmoud -- as they grapple with the chaos around them and struggle with an ever-present dilemma: do they flee or stay and fight for their country? Afghanistan, immediately post-9/11: Small teams of Green Berets arrive on a series of secret missions to overthrow the Taliban. What happens next is equal parts war origin story and cautionary tale, illuminating the nature and impact of 15 years of constant combat, with unprecedented access to U.S. Special Forces. A tribute to the U.S. 442nd Regimental Combat Team, formed in 1943 by Presidential permission with Japanese-American volunteers. We follow the training of a platoon under the rueful command of Lt. Mike Grayson who shares common prejudices of the time. The 442nd serve in Italy, then France, distinguishing themselves in skirmishes and battles; gradually and naturally, Grayson's prejudices evaporate with dawning realization that his men are better soldiers than he is. Set against the backdrop of 1971 Indo-Pak war, the movie is inspired by real incidents and the protagonists are inspired by Param Vir Chakra recipients. The movie shows what consequences of war are on the lives of soldiers on either side of the border. A sumptuous and passionate reimagining of Claude Cahun's life. The Mercy of the Jungle is a road movie that deals with wars in Congo through the eyes of two lost soldiers in the jungle by showcasing their struggle, weakness and hope. An incredibly insightful animation provides a personal telling of a very important story from an often unheard perspective of the refugee crisis.  When his helicopter goes down during his fourth tour of duty in Afghanistan, Marine Sam Cahill is presumed dead. Back home, brother Tommy  steps in to look over Sam's wife, Grace, and two children. Sam's surprise homecoming triggers domestic mayhem. For three years after being forced from office, Nixon remained silent. But in summer 1977, the steely, cunning former commander-in-chief agreed to sit for one all-inclusive interview to confront the questions of his time in office and the Watergate scandal that ended his presidency. Nixon surprised everyone in selecting Frost as his televised confessor, intending to easily outfox the breezy British showman and secure a place in the hearts and minds of Americans. Likewise, Frost's team harboured doubts about their boss's ability to hold his own. But as the cameras rolled, a charged battle of wits resulted. In 1994, Sarajevo was a city under siege. Mortars and rocket propelled grenades rained onto the city, killing indiscriminately, every day. Amongst the madness, two United Nations personnel: a British military officer and another Brit working for the UN Fire Department, decided it would be fun to persuade a global rock star, Bruce Dickinson of Iron Maiden, to come and play a gig to the population. Scream for Me Sarajevo brings that story, in all its madness, to the big screen. A story of musicians who risked their lives to play a gig to people who risked their lives to live them. In the most dangerous country in the world for journalists, Newsweek Middle East editor, Janine di Giovanni, risks it all to bear witness, ensuring that the world knows about the suffering of the Syrian people. Upon returning from serving in the U.S. Army, Chaplain Darren Turner faces a crisis that shatters his Family and Faith in God but through the help of his fellow soldiers, he returns to his faith and family This exhaustive chronicle includes interviews, game footage and salutes to such New England Patriots greats as John Hannah, Steve Grogan, Tom Brady, Gino Cappelletti, Bill Belichick, Andre Tippett and Randy Moss. Despite many valiant attempts, the Pats never tasted Super Bowl victory during the 20th century. But in 2002, they began a string of championships that solidified the team's place in the history books. Lewis and Clark, aka The Sunshine Boys, were famous comedians during the vaudeville era, but off-stage they couldn't stand each other and haven't spoken in over 20 years of retirement. Willy Clark's nephew is the producer of a TV variety show that wants to feature the reunion this classic duo. It is up to him to try to get the Sunshine Boys back together again for the show. Today, Afghans are one of the largest migrant populations fleeing their country for Europe/the West. Since 2002 the international community has injected more than a trillion dollars into Afghanistan. What went wrong? This film examines the counter insurgency/ culture campaign that the US government [and others] waged. Told through the eyes of Afghan youth, who start the country's first ever heavy metal band and an adventurous Australian, who created a Western style music scene in the capital - Kabul. Will head banging, disenchanted Afghans win the hearts and minds of their peers or will the Taliban come back from the grave? At the end of The Six Day War of 1967, two soldiers, an Egyptian and an Israeli, encounter each other in the Sinai desert. Two soldiers - one goal: Survival. A young woman researches the hidden story of Indian soldiers who came to fight in France and Belgium during the World War I. The presence of these 140,000 soldiers in Europe is a virtually unknown fact of history. YOUTH explores the lifelong bond between two friends vacationing in a luxury Swiss Alps lodge as they ponder retirement. While Fred has no plans to resume his musical career despite the urging of his loving daughter Lena, Mick is intent on finishing the screenplay for what may be his last important film for his muse Brenda. And where will inspiration lead their younger friend Jimmy, an actor grasping to make sense of his next performance? Less than 24 hours into his parole, charismatic thief Danny Ocean is already rolling out his next plan: In one night, Danny's hand-picked crew of specialists will attempt to steal more than $150 million from three Las Vegas casinos. But to score the cash, Danny risks his chances of reconciling with ex-wife, Tess. When filmmaker Tracey Thomas turned 60 she began interviewing dozens of other 60-year-olds, discussing themes of life, death, love, the afterlife, and more.  But when her romantic and filmmaking partner, Dennis, passed away suddenly, Thomas' work took on a much deeper meaning as she grappled with grief while continuing her project.  This sensitive and deeply personal film, featuring many local subjects, ruminates on love and loss and the power of film to explore the most unanswerable of questions. A group of wayward teens at a wilderness boot camp must fight for their lives against the attacks of a ruthless blood-sucking alien. The attacks begin after they discover a strange "orb" in the middle of the desert. With no communication, and nowhere to hide, they realize their only chance for survival is to fight. The story of war, love and death that was documented by the immediate participants of events. Off screen and later on it are the two - a boy and a girl. He volunteered for the front; she went to the place just after the battle. He got into Ilovaysk cauldron, lost his closest brother-soldiers. She, while travelling along the ruined towns, strives to understand the essence of war and love. Both tell openly one another about their feelings during the war, escaping the cauldron, a try to live together after, and a common trip to the frontline. Bahar, the commanding officer of the Daughters of the Sun, a battalion made up entirely of Kurdish female soldiers, is on the cusp of liberating their town, which has been overrun by ISIS extremists. Indochina, 1945. Robert Tassen, a young French soldier is the only survivor of a massacre where his brother perished before his eyes. Blinded by vengeance, Robert engages in a solitary and secret quest to find the assassins. But his meeting with Mai, a young Indochinese woman, will change his beliefs. Emon flees Dhaka with his parents following the genocide attacks on Bangladeshis by Pakistan Army on March 25, 1971 to take shelter in a village. The impressionistic story of a Texas family in the 1950s. The film follows the life journey of the eldest son, Jack, through the innocence of childhood to his disillusioned adult years as he tries to reconcile a complicated relationship with his father. Jack finds himself a lost soul in the modern world, seeking answers to the origins and meaning of life while questioning the existence of faith. Nutbourne College, an old established, all-boys, boarding school is told that another school is to be billeted with due to wartime restrictions. The shock is that it's an all-girls school that has been sent. The two head teachers are soon battling for the upper hand with each other and the Ministry. But a crisis (or two) forces them to work together. Taika Waititi plays a hungover plane captain who wakes up to discover he's done a very bad thing. See how Hezekiah overcomes pressure from all sides to make decisions based on faith and loyalty, setting an example for his entire nation and all those who serve Jehovah today. When a group of international criminals from his past kidnap his daughter, the world's greatest commando sets out for revenge in this action-packed parody of everything you loved about the '80s. Through newly discovered geological and statistical patterns, many believe it can be proven that the Tribulation is about to begin! Documentary of the Korean War. When their arch nemesis comes back into the light, cops McGraw and Higgs will do anything to keep Samir from completing his plan and achieving world domination. The film tells about the history of the Holocaust through the stories of its unwitting Witnesses. The story of a race of immortal beings who lived on Earth and shaped its history and civilizations. A documentary-essay which shows Costica Axinte's stunning collection of pictures depicting a Romanian small town in the thirties and forties. The narration, composed mostly from excerpts taken from the diary of a Jewish doctor from the same era, tells the rising of the antisemitism and eventually a harrowing depiction of the Romanian Holocaust. Based on the 1930's comic strip, puts the hero up against his arch enemy, Shiwan Khan, who plans to take over the world by holding a city to ransom using an atom bomb. Using his powers of invisibility and "The power to cloud men's minds", the Shadow comes blazing to the city's rescue with explosive results. After coming out of a coma, a woman is relentlessly pursued by a creature. Spring, 1941. Sixteen-year-old Toshihiko attends school in the coastal town of Karatsu, where his aunt cares for his ailing cousin. Immersed in the seaside's nature and culture, Toshihiko soon befriends the town's other extraordinary adolescents as they all contend with the war's gravitational pull. At the beginning of the First World War, many Italian emigrants, especially in South America, felt that Italy was in the throes of falling into the hands of the Austro-Hungarian empire. When King Vittorio Emanuele II decides to wage war on this empire, these emigrants, forced to leave Italy years before, join the army. Among them, the future mayor of New York Fiorello La Guardia. He is the Virgil of this unknown history. Propaganda for the so-called Islamic State Disgraced Top Gun fighter pilot Butch Masters leads a rogue squad in recovery of a WMD. Masters must navigate a fractured friendship, a love triangle, and must take to the skies to reclaim his military and personal honor. After a US missile strike on an Iranian nuclear plant, armed conflict erupts in the Persian Gulf between the forces of America and the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps, led by Qassem Soleimani. The story of U.S. fighter pilots shot down over North Vietnam who became POWs for up to 8 and a half years. I, PADRE. The fiIrst man, Creator and Dictator of all dictators rules the promised land of the future, the FUTURE country, where People Hens with the memory of fish follow the Instinct like sheep; and when the first woman, Eve, assumes power, this is above all an opportunity for the Opposition to make a fool of themselves! What more could you possibly want? In the 1940s, school teacher Fang Lan becomes embroiled with the resistance efforts of local guerilla group Dongjiang during the Japanese occupation of Hong Kong. Fang is recruited by one of the resistance group's captain Blackie Lau after assisting the group with a rescue mission of novelist Mao Dun. Fang's mother volunteers to take her place as a courier for a mission and is arrested. To save her mother, Fang finds herself turning to a childhood sweetheart, who now works at the Japanese occupation headquarters. When U.S. B-24 bomber pilot Clair Cline is shot down and captured in northern Germany, one war ends and another begins -- to keep hope alive. Now behind Nazi barbed wire and oppression, Cline and his fellow POW's must find a way to bond together to not just survive but transcend their captivity. Inspired by true events. By miracle he avoided death and returns to the house where he was born. In the house now lives the love of his life. But the hope for happiness turns sour with a terrible discovery: his beloved is the daughter of his enemy. This overview of the horrors of 20th century war reminds us that war does not end when peace treaties are signed and the soldiers have gone home. Made under extraordinary, and extremely dangerous, conditions, Jirga tells the emotional story of a former Australian soldier who travels to Afghanistan to seek forgiveness. After her seven children fled Syria seeking refuge worldwide, 80-year-old Susu finds herself with no other choice but to leave Damascus and move to Dubai to live with her daughter's family. Despite the security she enjoys in the Gulf city, she remains persistent in her desire to return to the now-empty, family house in the country that millions of people have left. Leningrad, February 1942. A German air raid has destroyed Block A of the Institute of Experimental Medicine where lethal viruses are researched. The containers with those viruses have disappeared. Severe frosts prevent the outbreak of an epidemic in the besieged city. However, spring is approach- ing and the thaw will set in soon. A young lady doctor, Maritskaya, and an NKVD officer have only 72 hours to prevent a disaster. Life and death, love and betrayal are interlaced in the rapidly unfolding events... When ruthless terrorists threaten to bring down the United Nations, they frame the one man they believe can stop them: an international security expert named Shaw. Now he must run from his own allies and become a solitary force for good, as he tries to stop what could become World War III. In 1919, in a small town under the crushing heat of summer, a war hero is held prisoner in an abandoned barracks. Outside, his mangy dog barks night and day. Not far off in the countryside, an extraordinarily intelligent young woman works the land, waiting and hoping. A judge whose principles have been sorely shaken by the war is coming to sort out this case of which it is better not to speak.  A Portuguese soldier, who got stranded from his team during the La Lys battle, struggles by himself through dozens of German offensives so he can guarantee the safety of his companions. Due to the war that has laid waste on Syria, the Kurdish city of Kobane, located in the Rojava region, at the frontier with Turkey, has been under the siege of Daesh militias (the so-called Isis). Equipped with heavy artillery, the terrorists shelled the city and cut it off from the rest of the world. After four months of relentless fighting, Kobane was won back by the Kurdish YPG (an acronym whose translation means People's Protection Units). While the fight was raging on, many people sought sanctuary over the border in Turkey. Across the border, people were watching in horror as the war unfolded but managed also to forge bonds of solidarity with those fleeing from Kobane. "No Place for Tears" is a powerful testimony to the valour of the Kurdish people in Kobane and the courage of the villagers of Maheser who sheltered their neighbours from the war. A journey through the chronology, aftermath and a potential conclusion of a military conflict, as reflected in the topographies that the war, either physically or contextually, shaped and altered. Two American tourists in England are attacked by a werewolf that none of the locals will admit exists. Parikka, the actor once called the Funniest Man in Finland, and his troupe are about to be executed for the atrocities committed during the Civil War in Finland. Jaeger Lieutenant Nyborg, an admirer of Parikka, suspects a definite miscarriage of justice. He wants to save the actors. The forthcoming visit of the German General von der Goltz to the prison island provides him with a suitable opportunity. Nyborg suggests that the actors prepare a comical performance for the visitor and not be shot. Instead, they will be given a new trial. Preparing a comedy in the horrible circumstances, in the midst of hunger and death, seems quite an overwhelming task. Only a handful of real actors are still alive, the rest of the troupe consists of stagehands. Parikka has to use all his inventive skills to be able to produce something funny. "Stronger than Arms", is the history that heats our hearts up with the memory of events and people, who from the time of Euromaidan to the war in the East were building a new Ukraine. Elegy of the Uprooting condenses two decades of work by Eleni Karaindrou into what the Greek composer calls a "scenic cantata." This is no mere retrospective, but a gravid musical statement in which the listener's soul is carefully unfolded to reveal the sounds hidden within. Excerpting 13 scores for film and stage, this concert pulls out the red threads running through Karaindrou's non-diegetic oeuvre with stunning video and audio clarity. A filmmaker stands trial when a costume assistant on his movie accuses him of rape Hnutove, Donbass, eastern Ukraine, 2015. Young Oleg lives in a war zone where anti-aircraft gunshots and missile attacks often resonate dangerously near. Although many inhabitants have already left this dangerous area, he remains with his grandmother, who has cared for him since his mother's death, because they have nowhere to go. They are just waiting for the war to end. The movie is based on a real historic event. During French's invading war against China in 1885, the French army took over Zhengnan Guan located in the Guangxi Province. Wishing to protect their beloved country, the 70 years old General Feng Zicai and his two sons volunteered to join the battle. The general understood it would be a difficult battle to win as the French soldiers held much more advanced equipment, resources and weapons. To show his devotion and determination, he brought his own coffin alongside with him to the war zone. He also utilized his experience with the Zhangnan Guan terrain to pave out strategies, made weapons applicable to their situations. These actions bolstered the morale tremendously, and prepared them well for the war. As a result, although the Chinese soldiers sustained heavy losses, they turned the tide of the battle and won. Two lovers caught in the conflict of war and the choice between love and duty. Otti, is abducted by the LRA at the age of 11 and is raised as a rebel with no room of escape. Despite the circumstances, his love for Aguti remains. In an effort to keep in touch with her, he writes and delivers letters through the village reverend - only to be discovered by the rebels who raid and abduct everyone from the girl's school she's in. Upon arrival at the rebel camp, the abductees are paraded before Kony whose interest falls upon Aguti without knowledge of the relationship between her and Otti.The two lovers struggle to keep their love a secret and also plot their escape. Poland, Silesia, 1945. Franek joins the crew of the communist concentration camp for the enemies of the state called "Zgoda", in effort to save Anna, the girl he loves. He is unaware, that Anna has feelings for their childhood friend Erik, a German who is also imprisoned in the camp. Demonstrators gather to display signs of grief and remembrance of the genocide perpetrated by ISIL on the Yazidis beginning in 2014 commemorated with five minutes of silence. The King's Speech tells the story of the man who became King George VI, the father of Queen Elizabeth II. After his brother abdicates, George ('Bertie') reluctantly assumes the throne. Plagued by a dreaded stutter and considered unfit to be king, Bertie engages the help of an unorthodox speech therapist named Lionel Logue. Through a set of unexpected techniques, and as a result of an unlikely friendship, Bertie is able to find his voice and boldly lead the country into war. The execution of 200 Greek resistance fighters by the German occupiers on May 1st, 1944 in Kaisariani, as reprisal for the Greek Resistance ambush against Nazis.  God lives in Brussels. On earth though, God is a coward, with pathetical morals and being odious with his family. His daughter, Ea, is bored at home and can't stand being locked up in a small apartment in ordinary Brussels, until the day she decides to revolt against her dad... During the Korean War, the lieutenant in charge of a Marine rifle platoon is killed in battle. Before he dies, he places the platoon's sergeant, who's black, in charge. The sergeant figures on having trouble with two men in his platoon: a private who has much more combat experience than he does, and a racist Southerner who doesn't like blacks in the first place and has no intention of taking orders from one. Written by frankfob2@yahoo.com In the midst of the Balkan wars, a squad of Navy SEALs attempts to unravel a long-forgotten mystery after discovering an enormous treasure trove hidden at the bottom of a lake in Serbia. Talal Derki returns to his homeland where he gains the trust of a radical Islamist family, sharing their daily life for over two years. His camera focuses on Osama and his younger brother Ayman, providing an extremely rare insight into what it means to grow up in an Islamic Caliphate. A film about the absurdity of not accepting the other despite the difference.  The fascinating story of Jiyan, a female guerrilla fighter who devoted twenty years of her life in the Kurdish militant struggle, reveals women's determination for freedom not only against another oppressive regime, but also against the patriarchy.  Jiyan Tolhildan is a young Kurdish woman living in the Kurdish region of Syria. After years of oppression by her family, her teachers and the society as a whole, Jiyan decides to go to the mountains to join the Kurdish struggle for freedom.  When the Arab Spring breaks out Jiyan and her friends decide to go into the cities in Syria to join the protests. They also set out to educate Syrian women on women's rights in the Rojava region. Now, six years after the Arab Spring, Kurdish forces have a semi-autonomous region in Syria. For the first time in history, women have an autonomous political organisation and an army in Syria. The women named creating this organisation "the women's revolution."  The film deals with the subject of marital jealousy in the framework of a comedy, revolves around couples who suffer from crises inside their homes. Dr. Mamdouh suffers from the jealousy of his wife (Mona) despite his love and devotion to her. On the other hand, his brother Masoud has a problem with his wife Mahasen that she is always busy with the house and children. Their cousin Ezzat suggests to them following his style with his wife (Saneyah) as he betrays her, but at the same time, he shows her love and attention. Mamdouh and Masoud are convinced of the idea and start implementing it. This is the beginning of many paradoxes and comedies. 'The Cyborgs' is re-telling the recent history of Ukraine - the legendary fight for Donetsk Airport in 2014 during Russian invasion. The freedom fighters from various divisions of Ukrainian army and volunteer battalions took a 242-days stand against the Russian backed militants until the complete destruction of the airport's terminal.  A taut wartime thriller, Red Crag: Life in Eternal Flame anticipates the paranoia and violence of the imminent Cultural Revolution while harking back to the aesthetic splendour of the Golden Age Shanghai cinema of the late 1940s. (This opulence is largely due to the work of cinematographer Zhu Jinming, the master visual stylist of Shangrao Concentration Camp and other key "Seventeen Years" films.) The film concerns a hard-boiled woman working in the Chongqing Communist underground during World War II, whose commitment to the guerrilla cause is only intensified after she witnesses her husband's head mounted on the city walls by the Nationalist forces. From November 27, 1934 to December 1, the Red Army fought with the Kuomintang army in Xing'an County, Quanzhou County and Guanyang County in the territory of Guangxi province for 5 days, finally, the Red Army through Xiangjiang in the border of Quanzhou County and Xing'an County, they broke through the blockade of the Kuomintang army. A policeman begins a revenge against a drug leader after the death of his brother. In his crusade take the help of a friends and the ex-girlfriend of drug leader. In a rural town in Louisiana, a black Master Sergeant is found shot to death just outside the local Army Base. A military lawyer, also a black man, is sent from Washington to conduct an investigation. Facing an uncooperative chain of command and fearful black troops, Captain Davenport must battle with deceit and prejudice in order to find out exactly who really did kill Sergeant Waters. Two thieves, who travel in elegant circles, try to outsmart each other and, in the process, end up falling in love. Two Norwegian special soldiers relive the miraculous escape of Jan Baalsrud in the Norwegian mountains in the winter of 1943.  A documentary about World War I with never-before-seen footage to commemorate the centennial of Armistice Day, and the end of the war. Film maker's personal journey in his past of Bosnian War and present Syrian conflict to tell the story of humans in the war who are forced to flee their homes.  Compilation film for Mobile Suit Gundam Thunderbolt 2nd Season. Accompanies three soldiers that are trying to find a way back to life with the help of Equine Assisted Psychotherapy for PTSD. Where the conventional medicine is limited, Claudia Swiercek fills the gap with her horses. Returning home after fighting in Africa during World War II, a soldier with PTSD finds reintegrating with family life increasingly difficult as he relives the battle of Kasserine Pass. Wilfred Owen returns to the Somme against the advice of his mentor Siegfried Sassoon, determined to follow his subject 'The Pity of War' to the very end.  This true story tells of a milestone in world literature, of forbidden love and ultimate sacrifice, featuring timeless figures such as Robert Graves, Robbie Ross and Charles Scott Moncrieff. On the war-torn Syrian-Iraqi border, journalist Noor Al Helli documents the Islamic State's ongoing regime of terror. Yet when she meets civilians who endured the occupation yet sympathize with the enemy, her own perspective of IS is greatly challenged. At the heart of the front line, Noor reveals the painful suffering of those embroiled in the conflict, raising untold stories from the shadows. British film written and directed by Humphrey Jennings, filmed in documentary style showing the lives of firefighters through the Blitz in World War II. 1941. October. There are thousands of German troops advancing on Kalinin (now Tver), to open a direct route to Moscow. There are only two thousand people defending the city. No tanks. No artillery. Their only hope to hold o  the enemy - is the  fth Infantry Division, that is about to go through the Kalinin station. But there are spies out there doing every- thing to prevent this from happening. Major Pavel Tokarev, Head of the Kalinin garrison, is struggling to maintain order in the city. And he himself falls under suspicion of being involved in spy activity. The life story of the brave soldiers of the Pakistan Army, mainly the Pakistan Air Force. Outlining their lives, relationships, duty and hardships. The White City tells the story of an emotionally charged love triangle set in the hot political climate of modern Tel Aviv. A young couple take a winter break in Tel Aviv as an opportunity to exercise their creativity. But while Eva writes poetry and parties with friends, Kyle works on a film which expresses his own confused sexuality with Avi, a young ex-soldier; drawing Avi further into the couple's complex relationship. The White City presents a new slant on the love triangle genre, with the backdrop of Tel Aviv as a cultural counterpoint to the American couple's life.  Cambridge Film Festival 2014 (http://www.cambridgefilmfestival.org.uk/films/2014/the-white-city)  When a humanoid robot is assigned to look after a trouble-making orphan, the two grow to form a touching friendship. This Disney drama, originally broadcast as a three-part TV episode, tells the story of a vicar's double life. Outwardly, he is the model of upstanding citizenship and loyalty to an oppressive British government. But he is also a notorious smuggler who uses his ill-gotten gains to benefit his impoverished village. Publisher Will Randall becomes a werewolf and has to fight to keep his job.  Tara and Maya are two inseparable friends in India. Their tastes, habits, and hobbies are the same. Years later, the two have matured, but have maintained their friendship. Tara gets married to the local prince, Raj Singh, who soon succeeds the throne as the sole heir. After the marriage, Raj gets bored of Tara and starts seeking another female to satisfy his sexual needs. He notices Maya and is instantly attracted to her. He has her included as one of his courtesans, and is intimate with her. Watch what happens when Tara finds out and the extent she will go to keep her marriage intact. Set in 1989, five members of the Commando Army from the Special Force Regiment have been instructed to locate the whereabouts of guerilla communists, who are planning to obtain the strategic position of central Peninsular Malaysia. However, when the members lose contact with the rest of the army due to a broken communication set, the five of them will have to fight off an army of guerilla communists. Facing mounting odds, a small but determined band of American soldiers venture into dangerous enemy territory on a mission to stop an advancing German unit from breaking through the Allied line. Steve Giardino, an abrasive workaholic Wall Streeter, and his wife Jackie divorce after twenty-six years of marriage and find themselves thrust back into the dating world in middle age and in search of a new life. In Germany's Hurtgen Forest, during the final days of World War 2, an exhausted and overwhelmed band of American army paratroopers fight for survival amid a deadly hidden threat, escalating internal conflict and seemingly impossible odds.  Kanarie (Afrikaans for 'Canary') is a coming-of-age musical war drama, about a young boy who discovers how through hardship, camaraderie, first love, and the liberating freedom of music, the true self can be discovered. A "good-time girl", raised by her somewhat lax divorced father, finds herself involved in an accidental death, and the only way she's able to get out of it is to volunteer--albeit reluctantly--to be a nurse in the war effort. She travels to England and is assigned to a hospital under a very strict matron. What the girl doesn't know is that the matron is the mother she has never seen. Roberta is a bored suburban housewife who is fascinated with a woman, Susan, she only knows about by reading messages to and from her in the personals section of the newspaper. This fascination reaches a peak when an ad with the headline "Desperately Seeking Susan" proposes a rendezvous. Roberta goes too, and in a series of events involving amnesia and mistaken identity, steps into Susan's life. The thief accidentally notices the secret of a girl and tries to exploit this position .... When Malagasy soldiers came back from WWII, they expected De Gaulle to give them independence for fighting along with France against Nazis. Instead, they were asked to return to their indigenous status. They soon became the leaders of an uprising, harshly repressed by the French colonial authorities. The last witnesses tell us about their long months of resistance. After her boyfriend suffers a debilitating accident, a girl from Wisconsin moves to New York City to pursue her dream of becoming a fashion designer. Gary Hart, former Senator of Colorado, becomes the front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1987. Hart's intelligence, charisma and idealism makes him popular with young voters, leaving him with a seemingly clear path to the White House. All that comes crashing down when allegations of an extramarital affair surface in the media, forcing the candidate to address a scandal that threatens to derail his campaign and personal life.  They are very young and come from all over  the industrial districts of Tuscany, so different from the famous hills of Chianti: the steelworks of Piombino, the port of Livorno and the Piaggio factories in Pontedera. It is the red province of "houses of the people" and the Italian Communist Party. Getting away from this region is a dream for them, but this is 1968 and everything is possible!  They receive an offer they can't turn down, a tour in the Far East: Manila, Hong Kong, Singapore. Armed with musical instruments and a desire to sing, they set off hoping for success but find themselves in the middle of the Vietnam War. Fifty years later, Le Stars tell the story of their adventure amongst American soldiers, remote jungle bases and soul music. In 1944, a courageous group of Russian soldiers managed to escape from German captivity in a half-destroyed legendary T-34 tank. Those were the times of unforgettable bravery, fierce fighting, unbreakable love, and legendary miracles.  After 50 years, a former soldier returns to Tlatelolco square, where he participated in the massacre of dozens of students. 'Why are you here? Are you mentally sick? Do you want to kill people?" the Ukrainian military commander asks the 18 year old recruit Artiom. Saeed is a young cinephile trying to teach film rules to other young people in Eastern Ghouta, Syria, but the reality they face is too harsh to respect any rules. Saeed's friend, Milad, is on the other side of the fence; in Damascus, a city under the control of the Assad regime, finishing his studies in Fine Arts. At one point, Milad decides to leave the capital and joins Saeed in a Douma under siege, where they set up a local radio station and a recording studio. They hold the camera to film everything, until one day it is the camera that films them.   An ace police crisis negotiator, Chae-yoon, is called to the scene where her supervisor is taken hostage. Through the control room monitor, she is faced with the cold-blooded hostage taker, Tae-gu, whose demeanors are difficult to interpret. Against the 21-hour deadline Tae-gu has set, Chae-yoon tirelessly tries to crack the unusually calm perp over multiple video-calls. Eventually, the shocking truth begins to unveil.  A group of idealistic, but frustrated, liberals succumb to the temptation of murdering rightwing pundits for their political beliefs. In the autumn of 2014, in the ATO zone, an intelligence group headed by experienced captain Anton Sayenko (called by nickname "Banderas") tries to prevent sabotage and neutralize the Russian saboteur. When terrorists threaten nuclear catastrophe, the world's only hope is to reactivate decommissioned Universal Soldier Luc Deveraux. Rearmed and reprogrammed, Deveraux must take on his nemesis from the original Universal Soldier and a next-generation "UniSol". Garuda member contingent, Captain Satria, Lieutenant Arga, and Sergeant Gulamo, assigned to Lebanon as peacekeepers. Satria among others, should mediate disputes between Israeli soldiers by the Lebanese army, and managed to free the Spanish army of Hezbollah soldiers hostage. Set in the fields of Devon and the WW1 battlefields of Flanders, two brothers fall for the same girl while contending with the pressures of their feudal family life, the war, and the price of courage and cowardice. It is a visual record of long-lasting open wounds, Chinese medical progress, and the disappearance of memory. This documentary examines the current plight of a small group of elderly Chinese peasants who have been suffering from open wounds for over 70 years. The director visits some elderly surviving soldiers of Unit 731 - a WWII Japanese secret unit devoted to biological warfare. Documentary on the experiences of the hostages and captors when the American embassy in Iran was captured for 14 months in 1979. Hundreds of Western volunteers have joined Kurdish armies in Syria and Iraq in their efforts to fight the Islamic State. What drives some Canadians to put their lives on the line? Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent. In the hazy aftermath of World War III, the fallout from a 'nuclear misunderstanding' is producing strange mutations amongst the survivors, and the noble Lord Fortnum finds himself transforming into a bed sitting room. 