The story takes place just before the India-Pakistan partition in one of the oldest mental asylums in undivided India. Situated in Lahore, it was home to Hindu, Muslim and Sikh patients who were left behind by their uncaring families. Friendships were thick between the patients who had nobody but each other for company. Each had a story that made for an interesting tale but none quite like Bishan Singh. Kai is a mysterious shaman who emerges from the Rio Parana to help a poor farmer and his daughter, who are threatened by a band of cold-blooded mercenaries hired to force them to sell their land. Lawmen, drifters, and hired guns converge at a Northern California ranch believing its Chinese owners possess stolen gold.  When two drifters hear rumors that a Chinese railroad worker has escaped with gold and now owns a remote ranch in the wilds of Northern California, the desperate men set a plan in motion to steal the gold for themselves. Saul, the youngest of the drifters, hopes to win the affections of Zhen and his beautiful wife, Kun Hua. Saul hires on as a farmhand, while his partner Bill lurks in the shadows and waits for the opportunity to strike. However, waves of worse men arrive seeking the stolen fortune, setting in motion a deadly multi-sided face-off of bluffs, gambles, and betrayals.  Heathens &amp; Thieves is a western crime drama set in an American era when the riches associated with the 1849 Gold Rush, the fallout of the Civil War, and the impact of Chinese immigration were fresh in people's minds. With civilization in ruins, man called upon his primal instincts to survive. Hunters and scavengers alike made their way in this savage land.  But when the Northern Warlords united,  skulls cracked and spirits broke, as they conquered everything in their path.  Now, deep in the Outlands, a partisan movement, known as Vox Populi, stands their ground against an enemy bred for battle.  After discovering a weakness in the Colonial garrison, Vox Populi comes out of hiding to strike at the heart of the Colonial army. This is a short movie Trilogy, each chaper 15 minutes long. Pancho (Juan Manuel Rodil) is an independent filmmaker from Buenos Aires which is pushed by his grandfather Faust (Horacio Dener), to go after the loot of Butch Cassidy, who lived in Cholila (Chubut) between 1901 and 1905. Pursued by Commissioner Galvez (Oscar Huberty) for a crime he did't commit, Pancho will intersect with Nancy (Carla Pandolfi) and Anibal (Adrian Garavano). They will help him to find the treasure before Dimitri (Hernan Varela) a heartless professional searcher. Scheming of a way to save their father's ranch, the Alvarez brothers find themselves in a war with Mexico's most feared drug lord. A man struggles to find out the truth behind his identity while fighting an evil army. With the help of a German bounty hunter, a freed slave sets out to rescue his wife from a brutal Mississippi plantation owner. Gold miner Roger Hazard brings his twelve year old son Casper to the treacherous gold fields of 1870s California. The two of them work a small mine in the southern fields but when Roger begins to lose touch with reality young Casper ends up on his own. Casper faces danger around every corner but must find the strength to save his father from himself and still manage to fight off the savage Indians and ruthless bushwhackers that plague them across California's breathtaking Sierra Nevadas. U.S. Marshall Duke Donovan is imprisoned, accused of being an accomplice in a bank robbery. After discovering that his partner is planning to kill his wife, he must escape prison in time to save his wife and clear his name. Lost mines, abandoned diggings, ghost towns. Generations later, their stories continue to fascinate and intrigue. And even haunt us. Rex is an old man who is bitter about never becoming famous and having lived a life without any meaning. After suffering a stroke, he ends up in a nursing home staffed by Latin American immigrants. Put off by the situation, he focuses his energy on getting out, which places him at odds with the Latino workers. However, their relationship takes on new meaning when it is discovered that he once shook hands with Vicente Fernandez, a Mexican singer, producer and actor idolized throughout Latin culture. The employees soon begin to treat Rex like the celebrity he's always dreamed of being. A gripping story of vengeance and passion set in the American West. When the father of gunslinger John Mason (Slater) is shot to death by masked bandits, Mason sets out with guns blazing to track down those who killed him. During his quest, he finds himself involved in a grim love triangle when he falls for Alice, the determined and beautiful woman also adored by John's best friend. Based on the timeless John Wayne adventure, Dawn Rider is a riveting saga of retribution, duty and valor in the American West. New York City. David Stillwell struggles to recover his memory before the people who are trying to kill him succeed. Who is he, who are they, and why is he surrounded by murder? An anthropology student takes some of his classmates to his family ranch, where his brother lives in a haze of drugs, guilt, and Chumash Indian rituals (IMDb.com) The Italian mafia takes on the Mexican cartel on the Mexican border. The cartel has captured the son of an ex-mobster in witness protection. He calls on his mob buddies to come to Arizona to help him. Nathan Algren is an American hired to instruct the Japanese army in the ways of modern warfare, which finds him learning to respect the samurai and the honorable principles that rule them. Pressed to destroy the samurai's way of life in the name of modernization and open trade, Algren decides to become an ultimate warrior himself and to fight for their right to exist. Stan and Ollie try to deliver the deed to a valuable gold mine to the daughter of a dead prospector. Unfortunately, the daughter's evil guardian is determined to have the gold mine for himself and his saloon-singer wife. Knowing the railroad is coming, Carter is after the rancher's land. Bob and Chito return just in time to save Banker Stockton and his money from Carter's men. When Stockton then lends the ranchers money, Carter has them burned out. Bob knows Carter is responsible and when Carter's henchman Saunders is recognized, Bob goes into action. A western set on the New Mexico frontier a few years after the Civil War and centered on a struggling young family and the mining company who wants to buy their land. A valedictorian's declaration of love for a high-school cheerleader launches a night of revelry, reflection and romance for a group of graduating seniors. In this bloody long-standing feud, two families seek vengeance against each other as they unmercifully attempt to destroy each other's loved ones. After her outlaw husband returns home shot with eight bullets and barely alive, Jane reluctantly reaches out to an ex-lover who she hasn't seen in over ten years to help her defend her farm when the time comes that her husband's gang eventually tracks him down to finish the job. Animation of a devil floating in air, Aihara created both a black and white and color version of this work by painting directly on the film. A rookie journalist has returned to the abandoned frontier of Earth with the dream of writing a career-making story about the descendants of those who were left behind. There she finds a decaying society ruled through fear by a mysterious, ageless despot. Henry Myers (Drew Walters) is living a hard life, surviving on the frontier any way he can - even if it means robbing a bank. After his latest heist backfires and his partners (Bea Smith and Rio Alexander) betray him and leave him for dead, Henry's life takes a surprising turn when he finds kindness and compassion from a widow (Erin Bethea) and her children (Jaden Roberts and Ezra Proch). The Murder of Hi Good is a true-crime revisionist western set in Northern California, 1870. It details the eventual murder of California's most notorious Indian hunter; Hiram Good. Most historians believe that his indentured servant "Indian Ned" killed him, a native boy whom he'd raised as a son. It's suspected that Ned was influenced by the nearby Mill Creek Indians or "diggers", who were struggling to eke out an existence on their ancestral lands.  The reinvigorated elderly group that left Earth comes back to visit their relatives. Will they all decide to go back to the planet where no one grows old, or will they be tempted to remain on Earth? In the late 1800s, a fanatical religious leader, a renegade Sheriff, and a former prostitute collide in a blood triangle on the rugged plains of the New Mexico Territory. Juliet Forrest is convinced that the reported death of her father in a mountain car crash was no accident. Her father was a prominent cheese scientist working on a secret recipe. To prove it was murder, she enlists the services of private eye, Rigby Reardon. He finds a slip of paper containing a list of people who are 'The Friends and Enemies of Carlotta'. Fifteen years after their father was gunned down in cold blood, Cashius and Winston Hurley return to their hometown to avenge his death. Joining forces with their cousin Bugsy, the two gun-slinging brothers hunt down everyone involved in their father's murder. As the bullets fly and the death toll rises, the three young cowboys find themselves fugitives from the law, running for their lives and fighting for their revenge. An ambitious reporter, investigating a senator's assassination, realizes witnesses to the shooting are systematically dying and discovers a multi-million dollar corporation which serves as a front for the recruitment of political assassins. John Henry returns to his hometown in hopes of repairing his relationship with his estranged father, but a local gang is terrorizing the town. John Henry is the only one who can stop them, however he has abandoned both his gun and reputation as a fearless quick-draw killer. In the forests of Finnish Lapland, brothers Aarne and Lasse Aatsinki carry on the generations-old tradition of reindeer herding. These modern cowboys maintain an intricate bond with the environment that has allowed them to preserve their lifestyle in one of the harshest climates imaginable. Jessica Oreck's intimate, gorgeously lensed documentary follows the brothers for a year, sharing in the hard work, daily rituals and small joys that make up life above the Arctic Circle. Seven Years after his wife's murder and the events that changed his life, Caleb Williams has become a gunfighter known as The Tailor. Forced to give up his land and home, Texas rancher Red Bovie isn't about to retire quietly in a dismal trailer park. Instead he hops in his Cadillac and hits the road with his estranged grandson for one last wild adventure filled with guns, women and booze. It's just another night in Old Mexico. A drifter helps a rancher's granddaughter find her true calling. Mexican gunfighter Dave Robles outdraws the town's outlaw-turned-sheriff and is invited to fill the dead man's shoes. But a tin star doesn't bring automatic respectability and Robles is shunned by the town's leading citizens. His popularity with its less-savory element, particularly saloonkeeper Bannister, wanes dramatically, too, as he starts to take his job seriously. It is his love for a decent, caring woman that keeps Dave in town, but can she convince him to lay down his gun and start a new life? Long time friends Vaughn (a devout hypochondriac) and Larry (a hapless and perpetually single romantic) have never met a challenge they haven't run from. When a chance encounter with a stranger leads to their finding themselves transported to an old west town in the 1870s, they're forced into situations where failure appears to be a foregone conclusion. Terrified by change and even the hint of danger, Vaughn and Larry are a given a task that must be completed within two weeks or risk never returning to their modern day reality. Given their built-in limitations, a hilarious series of events ensue as they work to overcome their fears, competing interests and they must do battle with an ill-tempered gunslinger in an effort to return home. Kenny Wells, a modern-day prospector, hustler, and dreamer, is desperate for a lucky break. Left with few options, Wells teams up with an equally luckless geologist to execute a grandiose, last-ditch effort: to find gold deep in the uncharted jungle of Indonesia. In late nineteenth century America, a frontier holy mans life is destroyed as a gruesome power consumes the land. Standing between ruin and salvation, the man, known only as The Preacher, must find his purpose in the fight against the mysterious undead. Joined by the town Marshal, a man with his own set of demons, he faces the risen dead and the evils of the living on a journey to nowhere. In 1899, a mysterious stranger's arrival on the outskirts of the Lakota Pine Ridge Reservation seems to coincide with a series of horrific events that closely mirror the atrocity brought to the Lakota natives during the Wounded Knee Massacre. Four outlaws with a bounty on each head, set a date for a shootout in Langston, Oklahoma. The last man takes the collective bounty. Violence and mayhem ensue. What do you get when you mix two hit-men brothers, their cocky protege, a couple of injured illegal immigrants, border patrol agents and a few colorful townsfolk in the small border town of Bisbee, AZ whose water supply has been contaminated with MDPV otherwise known as 'bath salts'? A wild night of chases, gun fights, zombies, heated arguments touching on the controversial issue, AZ's SB1070, oh and a lot more zombies as this colorful group of individuals tries to escape the night on the Bloody Border. Years ago, the young Five Fingers fought for the rural town of Marseilles against brutal police oppression. Now, after fleeing in disgrace, Tau, one of them, returns to Marseilles, seeking only a peaceful life. When he finds the town under new threat, he must reluctantly fight to free it. When three women living on the edge of the American frontier are driven mad by harsh pioneer life, the task of saving them falls to the pious, independent-minded Mary Bee Cuddy. Transporting the women by covered wagon to Iowa, she soon realizes just how daunting the journey will be, and employs a low-life drifter, George Briggs, to join her. The unlikely pair and the three women head east, where a waiting minister and his wife have offered to take the women in. But the group first must traverse the harsh Nebraska Territories marked by stark beauty, psychological peril and constant threat. Looking to mine for gold, greedy industrialist Bartholomew Bogue seizes control of the Old West town of Rose Creek. With their lives in jeopardy, Emma Cullen and other desperate residents turn to bounty hunter Sam Chisolm for help. Chisolm recruits an eclectic group of gunslingers to take on Bogue and his ruthless henchmen. With a deadly showdown on the horizon, the seven mercenaries soon find themselves fighting for more than just money once the bullets start to fly. The archetypical renegade Texas Ranger wages war against a drug kingpin with automatic weapons, his wits and martial arts after a gun battle leaves his partner dead. All of this inevitably culminates a martial arts showdown between the drug lord and the ranger, and involving the woman they both love. Ava is recovering from demonic possession. With no memory of the past month, she must attend a Spirit Possessions Anonymous support group to figure out what happened. Ava's life was hijacked by a demon, now it's time to get it back.  A Texas Ranger investigates a series of unexplained deaths in a town called Helena. An aspiring Hollywood actress working on her first feature--a no-budget horror flick oddly crewed by enthusiastic teenagers--and a cowboy on a mysterious job arrive in the small border town of Del Rio, Texas, each with their own very clear agenda. When the starlet's film director and the cowboy's associate both fail to appear, however, there's nothing to do but wait and see. Dusty Del Rio quickly becomes a strange way station where time seems to stand still and things are not what they seem. When his long-lost outlaw father returns, Tommy "White Knife" Stockburn goes on an adventure-filled journey across the Old West with his five brothers. In this radically reimagined American Western set towards the end of the Civil War, Southerner Augusta encounters two renegade, drunken soldiers who are on a mission of pillage and violence. After escaping an attempted assault, Augusta races back to the isolated farmhouse that she shares with her sister Louise and their female slave Mad. When the pair of soldiers track Augusta down intent on exacting revenge, the trio of women are forced to take up arms to fend off their assailants, finding ways to resourcefully defend their home--and themselves--as the escalating attacks become more unpredictable and relentless. During a shootout in a saloon, Sheriff Hunt injures a suspicious stranger. One of the villagers takes care of him in prison. One day they both disappear - only the spear of a cannibal tribe is found. Hunt and a few of his men go in search of the prisoner and his nurse. After crossing the border illegally for work, Miguel, a hard-working father and devoted husband, finds himself wrongfully accused of murdering a former sheriff's wife. After learning of his imprisonment, Miguel's pregnant wife tries to come to his aid and lands in the hands of corrupt coyotes who hold her for ransom. Dissatisfied with the police department's investigation, the former sheriff tries to uncover the truth about his wife's death and discovers disturbing evidence that will destroy one family's future, or tear another's apart. Filmmaker Daniele Incalcaterra was left 12,355 acres of land in the Chaco by his father, but when he decides, through a combination of altruism and frustration, to return his untouched land to the indigenous people, tensions begin to run high.  Battling against GM soybean growers, as well as cattle ranchers and oil prospectors, Incalcaterra forms his own motley posse to help preserve this beautifully rugged piece of forest forever. When teen-socialite Kelly Van Ryan and troubled bad girl Suzie Toller accuse guidance counselor Sam Lombardo of rape, he's suspended by the school, rejected by the town, and fighting to get his life back. One cop suspects conspiracy, but nothing is what it seems... A father and daughter journey from Denmark to an unknown desert that exists in a realm beyond the confines of civilization. As a cowardly farmer begins to fall for the mysterious new woman in town, he must put his new-found courage to the test when her husband, a notorious gun-slinger, announces his arrival. A famous American filmmaker travels to the Yucatan to scout locations for his last movie. The Mayan Apocalypse intercedes Documentary about a Persian amateur western filmmaker and the making of his latest film. On the outskirts of the Civil War, a boy is sent north by a bounty hunter gang to retrieve a wanted man. Through a hidden path a lone rider reaches a little town high up in the Alpes. Nobody knows where the stranger comes from, nor what he wants there. But everyone knows that they don't want him to stay. Fueled by stunning footage, this stirring documentary considers wild horses' role in the American psyche and their dwindling numbers in today's West. In an artful blend of exquisite nature documentary and character-driven narrative, the majestic wild horses of the American West are revealed in stereoscopic 3D as never before. The wonder in a girl's eye pulls us into the drama that unfolds on hundreds of millions of acres of public land. The battle lines have long been carved into the landscape, and the players are deeply entrenched. Yet as the subtle choreography that has evolved over thousands of years begins, we are captivated. The intricate dance between a man and a wild horse presents lessons for us all, even the battle-hardened special interest groups fighting for the place of the AMERICAN MUSTANG. In the nuclear ravaged wasteland of Earth 2087 water is as precious as life itself. The isolated Lost Wells outpost survived the holocaust and the inhabitants guard the source of their existence. Now an evil cult of renegades want control of their valuable water supply. And the villagers are no match for such brute military force. Only one man can help the stricken community - a mercenary living in a distance cannibal city. But even he, and his strange henchmen, may not be able to survive in the world gone wild. Amelia hesitantly follows her husband's dream of heading west during the 1848 California gold rush. His rash decision to go ahead of the caravan results in his death at the hands of Indians, but Amelia survives. Alone in a wilderness that she never wanted to travel, she must find civilization with virtually no survival skills or supplies. In 1870s America, a peaceful American settler kills his family's murderer which unleashes the fury of a notorious gang leader. His cowardly fellow townspeople then betray him, forcing him to hunt down the outlaws alone. Is all that we see or seem but a dream within a dream? Pennsylvania 1854. German immigrant John Linden is responsible for his brother's widow Flora and her two young sons. When the little boys vanish into the mountains without a trace, the neighboring community first helps, then begins to suspect the young couple. Neither John nor Flora believe the boys are gone forever, until a brutal attack becomes a mysterious test of faith. In 1863, after seeing their mother and father massacred by a rough group of outlaws, two 10-year old identical twin brothers, Vance and Tom Dillinger, are separated when Tom is kidnapped by the outlaws.  The two meet again in 1893 after 30-years.  Vance Dillinger is now a U.S. Marshal, while Tom "Lucky" Dillinger is a wanted bandit with a bounty on his head.  A robbery gone wrong allows the identity of Lucky to be exposed, sending Vance and his posse on the trail to capture Lucky and his gang.  A chance discovery unveils information that the killer of the Dillinger parents is still alive, leading Lucky on a ruthless quest for revenge, as Vance struggles between feelings of retribution and upholding the honor of legal justice. A troubled teenage sharpshooter decides to avenge the death of her estranged sister after she is found murdered in a public bathroom. Jen's romantic getaway with her wealthy (married) boyfriend is disrupted when his friends arrive for an impromptu hunting trip. Tension mounts at the house until the situation culminates in an unexpected way. Three guys on the verge of forty begin to realize all the best things in their lives happened before they were twenty. A spontaneous road trip adventure gives them a chance to balance the ledger The evolution of the depiction of Native Americans in film, from the silent era until today, featuring clips from hundreds of movies and candid interviews with famous directors, writers and actors, Native and non-Native: how their image on the screen transforms the way to understand their history and culture. Two foreigners, Yerks and Cony, travel to Spain to fulfill their dream. But soon they will realize that this country is not what they expected... It will rather become their worst nightmare when she enters into a world from which she won't be able to escape by herself. An ambitious widow vows "There will be hell to pay" when a prominent Montana rancher puts up a barbed wire fence between their properties. Lee Hardin is a standup comedian based out of Nashville, Tennessee. Lee travels the country and has performed at Laugh Factory, Broadway Comedy Club, and Live at Gotham.  Never missing a chance to bring humor into any situation, His quirky and clever approach to standup has led him to share the stage with comedians such as Henry Cho, John Crist, and Nate Bargatze. This true story is about the 1880s vigilante group that terrorized Taney County Missouri. An aging Pat Garrett is hired as a lawman on behalf of a group of wealthy New Mexico cattle barons--his sole purpose being to bring down his old friend Billy the Kid. A French teacher in a small Algerian village during the Algerian War forms an unexpected bond with a dissident who is ordered to be turned in to the authorities. When a farmer's wife is brutally murdered by the ruthless bandit Bobby Durango and his gang of killers, Billy Rogers goes back to his old gun and starts to hunt them one by one. A Civil War veteran returns home to the quiet countryside, only to find himself embroiled in a conflict between his family and the brutish cattle rancher harassing them. A college professor travels to New York City to attend a conference and finds a young couple living in his apartment. Activist/author Edward Abbey's legacy lives on in his best-selling books and now in director ML Lincoln's lively documentary. Lincoln pays tribute to Abbey and the environmental movement he inspired, reenacting his "monkeywrenching," and interviewing notable eco-warriors and present-day activists. A young father and husband looks towards the oil fields for a better life for him and his family. But will the fast money and glamour detour his agenda? Popovich is an ex circus legend struggling as a street performer in the wild west streets of Las Vegas. When his junkyard home full of stray animals gets into trouble, he and his animal buddies use all their circus tricks to save it. In the Old West, a 17-year-old Scottish boy teams up with a mysterious gunman to find the woman with whom he is infatuated. A bounty killer is hired by a Mexican landowner to rescue his daughter after she's kidnapped by a gang of outlaws on her wedding day. Martha Barlow, a modern day outlaw, must reconcile her dark past after her teenage son commits a horrible crime. Roderick throws a masquerade ball inside a creepy mansion with a dark past. An infamous mass-murder happened there fifty years ago to the night, but that's part of the fun for the posh hotties who show up for some boozy partying. The reverie is cut short when a Raven-masked killer crashes the party, intent on repeating the bloody history of the "Ravenwood Massacre" that happened decades ago. As the unknown killer picks the guests off one by one, old grudges resurface among friends, and new suspicions emerge. A diverse group of disabled people from across the U.S. take on leading roles in a magical rip-roaring costume drama Western, filmed on vintage Hollywood locations. This riveting film within a film immerses us in a dynamic, inclusive world of discipline and play, raising questions about why we so rarely see real disabled actors on the big screen? Welcome to Florence, Arizona: a cowboy town with a prison problem. Just 8,500 residents call the tiny community home--but over 17,000 inmates live there, housed in nine jails spread out over a sprawling industrial prison complex. The economic fate of the town's inhabitants is inextricably linked with the prisons--and the townspeople are not necessarily happy about it. Director Andrea B. Scott follows four colorful characters whose lives are tied up with the prisons, including the town's aspiring mayor, a retired correctional officer and speed shooter, a barber who longs for the town's free-spirited cowboy days, and troubled teen Marcus, whose parents met through their prison careers. "Florence, Arizona" is a richly drawn, humorous look at a singular small town whose Wild West roots are still very much alive in its outlaw identity today. -TCFF database William Walker and his mercenary corps enter Nicaragua in the middle of the 19th century in order to install a new government by a coup d'etat. A young man seeking a father he has never met, through no fault of his own, ends up barricaded in a liquor store with five other people on Christmas Eve in the fictitious town of El Camino, NV.  Mosquito: A Fistful of Bitcoins Two men live in a house. Former buffalo hunter and entrepreneur Wyatt Earp arrives in the lawless cattle town of Wichita Kansas. His skill as a gun-fighter make him a perfect candidate for Marshal but he refuses the job until he feels morally obligated to bring law and order to this wild town. In 1882, Joseph and Elizabeth Cooley head West to reunite with family she never knew. But when she, Joseph, and her older brother, Millard, are stranded in a logging camp just outside Tucson a wounded Indian stumbles into their camp and they must defend him against Doc Holliday, his would-be killer. Elizabeth considers Doc a stone-cold killer -- but may find, during the course of their tense stand-off, that this courtly, ailing man has a surprisingly well-honed sense of justice, frontier-style... Jerry crashes a vase onto Tom's head, which gets Mammy to throw Tom out. Jerry revels in his freedom, among other things turning Tom's picture into a Hitler caricature then spitting on it. But he soon tires of this, and under a flag of truce, hatches a plan with Tom. The abnormally talkative duo stage a grand chase, but whenever they're out of sight of Mammy, they fake it, pausing for patty-cake, a turkey leg, and a drum jam session. Eventually, Tom chases Jerry under a rug, then swaps in a tomato, which Mammy crushes. With Jerry apparently vanquished, Tom is rewarded with a pie, but when Jerry tries to claim his share, Tom shuts him out. In a dystopian future, where corporate brands have created a disillusioned population, one man's effort to unlock the truth behind the conspiracy leads to an epic battle with hidden forces that control the world. The true story of the formation of the Lonesome Dove Church in Texas. The name of my stallion is King of the Wind. My mare is called Electric Queen and she electrocutes all who get in her way, boasts a middle-aged man with a thin black mustache.  The Sonepur Fair in India is about to begin! Every year on the full moon day of Kartika Purnima, the largest animal market in Asia takes place. Horses, elephants, birds and camels are traded in this fair, a celebration that has existed for hundreds of years. Colourful multitudes cut through the dusty, sticky air as the ecstatic sound of drums fills the space. An event like no other, its a carnival of magical realism inhabited by exotic dancers, exorcists, stuntmen and elephant tamers.  Roll up, roll up, our circus has come to you, cries a squeaky voice from the loudspeakers. Prepare yourself for sensory overload. Follows a young man named Albert and his horse, Joey, and how their bond is broken when Joey is sold to the cavalry and sent to the trenches of World War One. Despite being too young to enlist, Albert heads to France to save his friend. When Jon returns on his first trip home from college, he inadvertently triggers events that inspire him to embark on an auspicious journey through the night to return a lost locket. A stagecoach full of passengers and an enigmatic gunslinger are held hostage by two outlaws on the run from the law but events take an unexpected turn when the travelers are stalked by a mythical beast that only appears on the night of a blood red moon. A famous matador is ushered through a transitional state where he's given the opportunity to end his suffering by destroying his own ego, and along with it the identity that gives meaning to his life The iconic voice and noble philosophies proffered by Harry Dean Stanton punctuate this authentic look at life on the edge of wilderness. Follow the cowboys of Montana's Fishtail Basin Ranch as they survive another calving season. The American West. We have arrived in a world where human life would seem to be impossible: an arid, mythical landscape characterized by absence. Absence of water, trees, life. In the beginning there was nothing. But then traces start appearing. Desert Haze tells the many layered story of human presence in the American Desert. A young woman bound in the front seat of a parked car watches helpless as her captor methodically digs a grave in the desert ground. The bloody lifeless body of her boyfriend lies framed in the rear-view mirror, a fate she will fight at all costs to avoid for herself. But this is only the beginning of a brutal struggle where survival could be worse than death. Titus Andronicus returns from the wars and sees his sons and daughters taken from him, one by one. Shakespeare's goriest and earliest tragedy. Derek and Giorgia, a young couple of biologists, settles in the hostile Tierra del Fuego to study and combat the devastating beaver plague that destructs the area. This violent mission is a unique scenario for their love story. By 1314, through effort and intrigue, Scottish King Robert Bruce had captured every major English-held castle except Stirling. Now English King Edward II would try to stop him - and subdue the Scottish rebellion forever.  This is the story of the pivotal campaign culminating at the decisive Battle of Bannockburn, in the shadow of Stirling Castle.  Today as Scotland contemplates a countdown to a referendum for renewed Scottish independence, we search the hearts and minds of the characters whose efforts at the Battle of Bannockburn would build a nation.  Filmed in the style of 300 and Sin City and with intense and bloody battle scenes, we bring to life one of the most iconic times in Scottish history. A little boy announces on his seventh birthday that he is a stranger named Danny, a grown man who died seven years earlier. Self condemned to the immense and boundless prison of the Mojave desert, Phoenix leads a life of forced isolation, living by himself in a house as far away as possible from the rest of the world. Phoenix does one thing and one thing only: he digs holes. Every month he digs a hole in the middle of nowhere and buries something. The last stronghold of society stands with the man that frequently delivers his mail. When one day the delivery doesn't happen by the hand of his trustworthy mailman, but by that of the beautiful and quizzical Ariel, Phoenix's life derails in an escalation that leads him to dangerous consequences which will be impossible to escape. Master gunslinger Sabata arrives in Hobsonville, a town completely owned by McIntock, a robber baron who is taxing the inhabitants for the cost of future improvements to the town. Or that's what McIntock says he'll do with the money... Western about a young woman who passes herself off as a man. A look back at some of the funniest presidential moments in history. It is the story of a universal and familiar tool : barbed wire.  It dates back to the first settlers, the spirit of conquest and the control of the wilds. It is rooted into the American West's development.  It is the story of a small farming tool that became integrated into political history with the help of growing capitalism.  It is the history of the evolution of surveillance and control techniques. The reversal of a relationship between man and animals. It is the story of the world of fencing in and the fencing in of the world. The Black Death is ravaging Spain. As Camille Saint-Saens's "Danse Macabre" plays on the soundtrack, a mix of animation and acted scenes tells the story of Youth and Love meeting one night. They dance, embrace, and kiss. As the night wears on, exuberant Death, a skeletal figure with a violin, pursues the couple. They try to elude him. Eventually, Love swoons. Youth is powerless to protect her. Is she doomed? Survivors of a nuclear attack are grouped together for days in the basement of their apartment building, where fear and dwindling supplies wear away at their dynamic. Karukan, a ronin samurai, travels to the old west after his clan fails to stop a beast that has escaped Japan. He hires Langdon, to accompany him to stop the beast from killing. A young bride in the midst of her wedding finds herself mysteriously transported to the TARDIS. The Doctor must discover what her connection is with the Empress of Racnoss's plan to destroy the world. A paleontologist gets a tip from an oil worker in the Badlands that may set her career back on track. A delusional doctor on the run from the law and being chased by Pinkertons is hellbent on trying to bring his dead wife back from the grave, he enlists the help of the local town preacher. With a deadly combination of science and religion all hell breaks loose! Silver-screen legend Gary Cooper narrates this insightful documentary, which aims to subvert the idealized notions of the Western frontier posited by Hollywood and unveil what life was really like in the rough-and-tumble Old West. Originally aired as an installment of the NBC News series "Project Twenty," the program uses vintage photographs, archival accounts and historical reenactments to paint a vivid portrait of the Wild West of the 19th century. A group of German construction workers set out for a foreign construction site in the Bulgarian province. The strange country awakens adventure feelings among the men. At the same time, they are confronted with their prejudices and mistrust. For two of the men, a nearby village becomes the stage for a competition for the recognition and favor of the village. An escapist hacker and his high-tech counterpart journey through surveillance state America, crossing frontiers that test their friendship and ignite a fight for independence. When US Marshal Moses White is called to the Wyoming Territory town of Dogwood Pass he never realized the corruption and deceit that awaited his arrival. Sometimes one small seed of seduction and greed planted in the right situation can cause a whole town to go bad. One bad character leads to another and it all starts with a dead husband in a western town. A gunslinger, a vengeful ex-slave, and a runaway board a midnight train to Atlanta. They discover that the train is haunted by a sinister force, and must fight to survive the night. This is the story of two school boys who are aspiring musicians, meeting by fluke and falling in love along the way to a music competition. An He (Chinese name translates to "River") is a musical genius who is experiencing writer's block. Xiao Yu (translates to "Little Fish" in Chinese) is a rich kid who runs away from home. Both have their own challenges in school and in life. Will they be able to overcome their own insecurities and achieve their dreams? A bloody conflict erupts between ranchers and store owners in Lincoln County. Billy the Kid, the most iconic outlaw of the Old West, has become a skillful gunslinger with one glaring weakness: his own arrogance. Billy is repeatedly confronted with his own mortality and shortcomings as he approaches a showdown in Lincoln County, which would become one of history's most famous Wild West gunfights When the woman he loves commits herself with another, Joe, a ridiculous huaso who thinks he is a cowboy, steals from him a valued horse in which he embarks on a journey where he meets singular characters who convince him to fight again for her. Aging sidekick Lefty Brown has ridden with Eddie Johnson his entire life. But when a rustler kills Eddie, Lefty is forced from his partner's shadow and must confront the ugly realities of frontier justice. A ragtag group of gunslingers try to make their way in a post-apocalyptic world. The twist to this world is that it's just not barren and dangerous, it's also filled with flesh-eating zombies. The gunslingers will find themselves stranded in a town and forced to make a choice on either to save the citizens of the town or save themselves. Stella Davis is a widow who saves her ranch by working with convicts to rehabilitate a herd of wild horses that wandered on to her property. Stella must fight prejudice, greed, bureaucracy and vanity (including her own) to finally understand that there is no better remedy to misfortune than helping another living creature. Texas Ranger Samantha Payne reopens a 15-year-old missing person case, and uncovers evidence that suggests that the boy was likely murdered on a ranch belonging to wealthy family man, Scott Briggs. When Scott's estranged son unexpectedly returns home during the investigation, Samantha becomes even more convinced that the Briggs family was involved, and will stop at nothing to discover the truth about the boy's death - even putting her own life in jeopardy. Join our All-American family as they journey down the The Trail to Oregon! The Trail to Oregon is an original musical produced by Starkid Productions and was performed in Chicago in the summer of 2014. It is also the most historically accurate musical portraying the Oregon Trail to date; featuring 12 educational songs, a set precisely replicating the trail's landscape, and appearances from famous historical figures, such as: Henry McDoon, Cletus Jones, and Cornwallis. Baron Emerson uses his vast wealth to travel the world and hunt. He does not hunt animals, he hunts warriors. The Baron arrives at the American frontier and is looking for his next prey. An outlaw gunslinger named Chamberlin who is in jail and set to be hanged. The Baron arranges for Chamberlin to be freed so that he can hunt him like and animal in a bloody game of life and death in the wild west. Brian Barnes (Johnny Messner) wakes up in the desert wounded and with no memory and no idea why he's surrounded by eight bodies, a van with four million in cash and a van full of cocaine. Brian is pursued by not only notorious drug lord Danny Perez (Danny Trejo) who desperately want his money back, and DEA Agent Rooker (Dolph Lundgren), but also a by the corrupt Sheriff Olson (Michael Pare) who will stop at nothing to get his hand on the new found fortune. On the run, Brian discovers the more he remembers the less he wants to know about who he really is. Kinshasa is a city of 10 million people without a single cinema. La Belle at the Movies examines the decline of the movie business in the Democratic Republic of the Congo's capital city by putting us in touch with audiences cut adrift from their beloved theaters. Through passionate, insightful, and deeply nostalgic interviews with filmmakers, cinema owners, government officials, and film lovers, Cecilia Zoppelletto's lyrical documentary reveals complex politics and past events inexorably linked to the fate of "the movies" -- an industry feeling orphaned but living in hope for a brighter future. The tragic death of a young lady causes a dramatic reunion of an old gunslinger, a prostitute and a suitor. Everyone bears a dark secret on his own and still they are tied to a joint fate. An emotional duel will decide about life and death of everyone... When a small town is overrun by the gang of outlaws. The Mayor finds that they are under the thumb of the gang's leader, villainous Hoyt Killian. The town's sheriff takes it upon himself to hire famed outlaw Jesse James to infiltrate the gang and stop their evil plans from inside their ranks. Its outlaw versus outlaw and to the winner goes the town and it's secret treasures.  A western that takes a look at a different take on the death of Wild Bill Hickok and the revenge Calamity Jane takes on the men who conspired to kill him. While Jane is on the hunt taking the law into her own hands a lawman enlists the help of Jane's friend Colorado Charlie Utter to track Jane and stop her before she goes too far. Candy Bar Creep Show: The Pickles set up a haunted house for the neighborhood kids on Halloween. As treats, they pass out "Reptar Bars," which contain "chocolate, and nuts, and caramel, and green stuff." The Rugrats go to the haunted house in search for them, eventually scaring Angelica and Grandpa as well. Monsters In The Garage: A rat goes around knocking stuff off the shelves; Stu places the blame on Spike; the Rugrats blame it on the rat, then known merely as "The Monster." After hearing Boris' story about the "dibbick" fighting off the monster with his "klobbermeister," The Rugrats go into the garage in search of this "monster." A former cop in Texas comes into action when a gang threatens his family. When a young woman learns her parents' killer has been released from jail, she is forced to revisit old wounds while discovering the destructive power of hate and the true cost of family secrets fully revealing themselves. The mayor of Sunny Dale see a chance to get rid of the Flodder family: They send the asocial bunch for an international exchange to New York. There they get confused with a Russian delegation of medical doctors while the street worker Werner who accompanies them becomes imprisoned. In 2047 a group of astronauts are sent to investigate and salvage the starship 'Event Horizon' which disappeared mysteriously 7 years before on its maiden voyage. With its return, the crew of the 'Lewis and Clark' discovers the real truth behind the disappearance of the 'Event Horizon' - and something even more terrifying. A dangerous man awakes in the care of a mysterious woman. Once the pieces of his past fall into place, he's faced withe the stark choice of accepting his new found love or becoming the man he once was. Jennifer Hills is still tormented by the brutal sexual assault she endured years ago. She's changed identities and cities, reluctantly joining a support group where she begins to piece together a new life. But when her new friend's murderer goes free and the tales of serial rapists haunt her, Jennifer will hunt down the men responsible and do what the system won't - make them pay for their crimes in the most horrific ways imaginable. Only this time, no jury may be able to save her. Piedmont (Italy), nineteenth century. In Turin, the priest Don Bosco, a man from a humble farming family, he gave himself totally and passionately to the task of collecting from the streets to marginalized children and care for them. Not only out of poverty, ignorance and social distress, but it got for the first time, to feel loved. He fought with extraordinary faith and tenacity to overcome obstacles and snares that both the civilian and ecclesiastical authorities, they put in their path to prevent him from completing his goal: the founding of the Congregation of the Salesians, which would guarantee the future of their children . After a brief tutelage with innovative BBC documentary producer Denis Mitchell, Dennis Potter teamed with producer Anthony de Lotbiniere to film a documentary (later described by David Niven as "absolutely wonderful"). Returning to the Berry Hill roots of his childhood, Potter used interviews with locals (including his parents) to show changes in the working-class traditions of the Forest of Dean, where "the green forest has a deep black heart beneath its sudden hills, pushing up slag heaps and gray little villages clustering around the coal." Trouble erupts in a small, quiet New England town when a man's body is found in the woods. The problem is that almost everyone in town thinks that they had something to do with his death. Forester, a ruthless oil baron, wants to create a war between the native American tribes and the white men. Old Shatterhand, Winnetou and their sidekick Castlepool try to prevent this. An elderly couple are reunited after fifty years. Taking place during 1876 in Montana, a ruthless headhunter tracks his own Brother through Big Sky country with the help of a young fur trapper.  Fuelled by his restored faith in humanity and inspired by Superman's selfless act, Bruce Wayne and Diana Prince assemble a team of metahumans consisting of Barry Allen, Arthur Curry and Victor Stone to face the catastrophic threat of Steppenwolf and the Parademons who are on the hunt for three Mother Boxes on Earth. Fleeing an arranged marriage in China, the independent Peony signs a contract to work as a "flower girl" in America, where she meets Tom, an American Born Chinese cook whose father works on the Transcontinental Railroad. Thwarted by a Hong Kong Triad boss seeking to extend his power into America, theirs is the tale of the first great Chinese immigration to the United States - a story of romance, bigotry, passion, food and a search for everlasting love - set against the largest mass lynching in American history, in Los Angeles' Chinatown, in 1871. Targeted will be examining one of the key issues of the day, gun control, and will take you on a fast-paced journey, following 22 year-old director Jesse Winton as he travels across the world, and goes back to the historical roots of the gun-control agenda, exposing it, and bringing out the dark truth behind gun control. An alcoholic drifter must battle withdrawal and psychotic rednecks after he becomes the target of a deranged sporting event. A man tracks down the men who raped his wife. It's the story of the effects of the Civil War on a southern family, a story of scandal, first love and lost dreams that turned a southern boy into a western legend. Join us as we go in search of the real "Doc" Holliday. The story of Henry McBride, a down and out cowboy with a painful past he can't drink away. Living on his last dollar with nowhere to go, he ends up working the last place an old cowboy wants to be: A dude ranch. It is here he meets the owner, Jessie King, a no-nonsense rancher with a deep love for horses. McBride's self-discovery begins when she introduces him to a new way of training a troubled mustang, a horse whose past and temperament mirror his own. Eight years after fleeing the Congo following his assassination of that country's minister of mining, former assassin Jim Terrier is back, suffering from PTSD and digging wells to atone for his violent past. After an attempt is made on his life, Terrier flies to London to find out who wants him dead -- and why. Terrier's search leads him to a reunion with Annie, a woman he once loved, who is now married to an oily businessman with dealings in Africa. In the 1880s western "Traded", a father must leave his ranch for Dodge City to save his daughter from an old enemy, putting his reputation as the fastest draw in the west to the test. A veteran rancher and former sheriff, forced to face some federal bureaucracy when an old enemy-cum-millionaire alleges he doesn't actually own his beloved family ranch in a small Texas town. A soldier turned gunfighter rises from the grave only to find himself in a modern time where the same werewolf outlaw gang that brutally murdered his wife are running rampant. Aided by a beautiful widow, a broken down sheriff, and a corrupt Mayor, Colt must face the blood thirsty creatures once again to save a small sleepy southern town. Deputy Sheriff Lou Ford is a pillar of the community in his small west Texas town, patient and apparently thoughtful. Some people think he is a little slow and maybe boring, but that is the worst they say about him. But then nobody knows about what Lou calls his "sickness": He is a brilliant, but disturbed sociopathic sadist. A legendary Native American-hating Army captain nearing retirement in 1892 is given one last assignment: to escort a Cheyenne chief and his family through dangerous territory back to his Montana reservation. The story of notorious outlaw Taylon Flynn, a man hell-bent on exiting this life in a blaze of glory. His plans go awry upon the discovery of the sordid life his estranged daughter is forced to live. To save her, he must summon the inner demons he purged long ago, and finds that redemption is a hard road to travel. A young spitfire cowgirl, and her coolheaded Native American friend, race a gang of neighborhood bullies to find a mysterious treasure supposedly having mystical powers. A criminal interrogates the woman he loves about her recent disappearance and receives an unexpected answer. The true story of a recently widowered lawman who befriends a boy dying of tuberculosis and a madam of the local brothel while their town is being politically and violently overtaken by a gang of reckless cattlemen from Texas. Musical drama that uses popular myths of Brazilian culture to narrate a story full of meetings and misunderstandings, betrayals and loves, crimes and punishments. Against the backdrop of the Pernambuco backlands - its people and its culture, the cordel, the bandits, the cinema and the circus - the film is a universal drama, laden with unique poetry, where reality and the dreamworld mingle. After the tragic death of his mother, Carlos "El Paletero" won't have a choice but to take justice into his own hands. His destination is a far away town. His mission is to recover his mother's ashes. The means in which he will be fulfilling his goal don't matter, what matters is that nothing is left in impunity. El Paletero is a Honduran western that promises justice. Lee, a former Western film icon, is living a comfortable existence lending his golden voice to advertisements and smoking weed. After receiving a lifetime achievement award and unexpected news, Lee reexamines his past, while a chance meeting with a sardonic comic has him looking to the future. The Gunfight at the OK Corral only happened once, but has been tirelessly recreated in films, television shows and western towns ever since. No one has a monopoly on truth, and in Tombstone Rashomon, the truth is shared by six conflicting, yet historical perspectives. In doing so, the film's narrative becomes prismatic and the result is perhaps the most comprehensive telling of the most important gunfight in American history. This is the Tombstone story told in the style of the Japanese classic Rashomon where we see history from several perspectives including that of Wyatt Earp, Doc Holliday, Kate, Ike Clanton, Colonel Hafford and Johnny Behan. After retiring from his life as an outlaw, ranch owner Nathaniel Reed quietly leads an honest existence with his devoted wife, Laura Lee. But his gun-slinging past suddenly comes back to haunt him when he learns that the man he once maimed during a stagecoach robbery is now a U.S. Marshal  who will stop at nothing to find vengeance. "Give me ten million dollars and trust me, we'll deliver a low-cost microprocessor compatible with Intel". This was former IBM Fellow and Dell Senior VP Glenn Henry's 1995 pitch to start a microprocessor company focused on low-cost Intel-compatible processors ("x86"). This documentary follows Henry and his team as they race to complete their latest chip, and offers an inside look at Centaur's unique management environment.  An adaptation of the eponymous song by Renato Russo, a famous Brazilian singer and composer who in the style of Bob Dylan knew how to delight crowds by telling stories and singing with his lyrics. Focusing on the love story of outlaw Joao do Santo Cristo with Architecture major student Maria Lucia, the movie takes place in Brasilia in the early 80s. In a clash of interest, drug dealers and the police conflict with one another,while the end of the military dictatorship in the Capital of Brazil, Brasilia takes place. The wanderings and tedium of a young rocker, who lived in a city still being built, are the backdrop for this story. OYATE is an observational nonfiction feature film about life on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in southwestern South Dakota. The film follows two families on Pine Ridge as they go about their daily activities over the course of a single summer. They attend rodeos, shoot clay pigeons, and participate in pow wows. Family members get married, have children, and celebrate the 4th of July. All the while, the difficult, often intractable realities of modern reservation life threaten to encroach upon them. Follows the journey of a 90-year-old atheist and the quirky characters that inhabit his off-the-map desert town. He finds himself at the precipice of life, thrust into a journey of self-exploration. This story is somewhat in the nature of a poetical fantasy, and may be construed as the spectator pleases. It is the story of a wanderer who prefers to seek, through his flute, the spirit of truth, that he may give it out into the world as he passes through his various journeys and experiences in life and thus make earth a better and fairer place. He prefers this to the perpetual strife for gain.  Wild Bill Hickok has faced many challenges on his quest to redeem himself from a colorful past as an outlaw and gunslinger. He settles as a lawman in a small town, trying to enjoy a much quieter life. Marcus Roby and his band of outlaws threaten to destroy the sleepy town after a gambling dispute. Bill must pull the demons out of his past to gain the strength and courage to defend the place that he calls home and the good people in it. Sudsy Slim Rides Again is a spaghetti Northwestern comedy, action, heist film about the tale of a small Alaskan town by the name of Scratcher Pass. Unfortunately, Scratcher Pass' boom days as the world's largest asbestos mining operation have long since faded.  The only thing keeping this little community alive is the feeble tourist industry. The main attraction? Scratcher Pass' most famous resident, the 100 year old corpse of conman, Sudsy Slim. However, when two escaped prisoners stumble into town, Sudsy mysteriously ends up missing and the townsfolk panic. That's when Agent Dudley Sherman of the Alaska Bureau of Criminal Detection is reluctantly dragged in to investigate. Life in 1800's Michigan, focusing on a Civil War vet trying to make peace with his losses and start a new life despite the world resisting change around him. It's 1849 and everyone wants to make his way to San Francisco for that golden opportunity. Jorge, a poor Mexican peasant, and his son Fernando believe they have struck it rich when they find an enormous gold rock. Upon entering the nearest town to cash in, they quickly become entangled with a dangerous outlaw who has eyes on their fortune. After the rock and child go missing, Jorge teams up with a conniving Chinese immigrant to find his son and get back what is his, but not before running into a surplus of outrageous characters including an unsavory hunting party...or killing each other first in this wacky adventure! Larry Burrows is unhappy and feels powerless over his life. He believes his entire life could have turned out differently had he not missed that shot in a baseball game when was a kid. One night he meets this mysterious man, who could change his fate by offering him that alternative life he always dreamed of. But as Burrows embarks on this journey of self discovery he realises that even this new life has its problems and drawbacks.. In the dusty streets of Crow's Landing, outlaws, wealthy plantation owners, runaway slaves, a half Cherokee girl, a pair of brothel owners and a woman days away from giving birth all end up in a bloody shoot out and running for their lives. The year is 2097 and after the third world war lasting 20 years, ending in 2092 The world leaders disarmed earth from all weapons, by sending them in spaceships towards the sun. With only the black market having a few guns and running out of bullets, a new kind of weapon was created to keep the market in business..... A psychotic killer has found a new hunting ground. A place where people frequently go missing so his murders can go un-noticed. The American frontier. The wild west has never been wilder as it encounters its first serial killer. A deranged psychopath slaughters his way through a mining town in the Sierra mountains. A law man is on his trail and is ready to serve justice. What he doesn't know, is that this killer could be... Jack the Ripper. Sheriff of Medicine Bow is one of the slower-moving Johnny Mack Brown westerns for Monogram. Once, again, Brown is teamed with Raymond Hatton, but something new has been added. Max Terhune plays Hatton's comic foil, travelling under the same character name-"Alibi"-that he used when costarring in Monogram's "Range Busters" series. Terhune's bucolic routines did little to enliven the proceedings, but at least his presence injected some novelty value in the fading Brown series. Two films later, Raymond Hatton had left the fold, and Johnny Mack Brown was reteamed with Max Terhune for an additional three entries. A legion of demons have been unleashed creating an apocalyptic America. Pike leads a group of survivors fighting demonically possessed corpses through the wasteland trying to make it to Jawbone, while The Magistrate is creating an army of cannibal corpses to serve him. What will be required of Pike to defeat this legion? It all started in Jawbone and it will all end in Jawbone." Willington's only love, Mariana, is about to get married to Rene, Willington's cousin. While Willington is trying to get her back, a demobilization process concerning an illegal armed group is underway in the region, and new killings, besides rumors of a thief at large, will endanger Mariana's new family. On the edge of Compton, California- a place notorious for gang violence-a hidden band of inner-city cowboys has persevered since the 1800's. Fire on the Hill is the story of the Black Cowboys of Compton and South Central LA, and their fight to preserve their culture by resurrecting an inner city horse stable that was mysteriously burnt to the ground. Manolo and his donkey Gorrion plan a journey to the West. Arizona, 1875. Travis Lebeck lays unconscious in the desert. A family rescues him and then he decides to continue his way. Everything changes when an unexpected outlaw gang arrives forcing Travis to vary his plans. Jerry and Carl have conned their way from one small Texas town to another, but things go haywire when one of them falls in love with Maureen. Not to mention the P.I. that's hot on their trail... A musical comedy based on "Two Gallants" by James Joyce and the songs of John Prine. Once a rising star of the rodeo circuit, and a gifted horse trainer, young cowboy Brady is warned that his riding days are over, after a horse crushed his skull at a rodeo. Back home on the Pine Ridge Reservation, with little desire or alternatives for a different way of life, Brady's sense of inadequacy mounts as he is unable to ride or rodeo - the essentials of being a cowboy. In an attempt to regain control of his own fate, Brady undertakes a search for new identity and what it means to be a man in the heartland of America. One by One is a brutal revenge-western on motorbikes. A woman called Sentenza is out for revenge on three biker bandits who assaulted her and killed her husband. It contains one of the most vicious scenes in cinema. A vengeful Southern sheriff is out for blood after his wife is brutally killed by a pair of drifters. Low-budget film set in Georgia in 1953 and based on fact. A true story of murder, injustice and disorder in Mississippi following the Civil War, based on the short story "The Outlaw, the Sheriff, and the Governor" by Robert E. Jones. Adapted from prolific western novelist Dusty Richard's "Mustanger and the Lady," 'Painted Woman' is the story of Julie Richards  Julie is a woman of her time, passed from hand to hand in a web of abuse and prostitution, landing her at the feet of Kyle Allison.  Allison, a wealthy powerbroker of the old west town of Goldfield, took young Julie into his home and made her his trophy. This life came with the gift of being taken care of and the cost of more abuse.  As Julie's time with Allison is coming to a dangerous close, Julie is given two chances of escape, with two very different men...  The story of PAINTED WOMAN is two distinct chapters in Julie's life, with each chapter mirroring the other.  Chapter one follows Julie meeting Frank. It is told mostly at night in the town of Goldfield.  Chapter two follows the Mustanger. It takes place in the wilderness and is told mostly during the day. The inhabitants of El Corralito are forced to seek employment as seasonal labourers in neighbouring ranches, where they work as harvesters, cowhands, and fence makers. However, the current unprofitability of farming activities spares no medium-sized producer either, and thus most have to resort to migration to the U.S. Legendary Lawman and Gunslinger Wild Bill Hickok, is tasked with taming the wildest cow-town in the West, while delivering his own brand of frontier Justice and infamous gunfighter's reputation as the fastest draw in the West is put to the test In the second part of the German remake of the Winnetou films, Winnetou's sister Nscho Tschi is kidnapped by a brutal crook who wants to find a mythical Apache treasure. Old Shatterhead and Winnetou get forced to search for the precious in the silver sea by their evil opponent El Mas Loco. In Part Three, entitled "The Last Fight," gangster Santer Jr. attempts to seize an oil well on Indian territory. To prevent this, Winnetou and Old Shatterhand must reconcile the warring Indian tribes so that they can take up the fight against the henchmen of the criminal. For years, Ollie has illicitly helped the struggling residents of her North Dakota oil boomtown access Canadian health care and medication. When the authorities catch on, she plans to abandon her crusade, only to be dragged in even deeper after a desperate plea for help from her sister.  Vic Trevi is an undercover FBI agent positioned to betray the people he calls family. Vic needs to find out the truth about his family before his family finds out the truth about him. A seasoned US Marshal is ambushed while tracking a murderous band of outlaws along the southern border of the United States. Left for dead, the Marshal is saved by a lost Navajo boy with whom he forms an unlikely friendship. It takes all of the Marshal's survival skills to protect them both as they take the young boy back home to Navajo country in Monument Valley. 1931, a year of nationalisms and excesses: The Chinese are expelled from Sonora; the US deports Mexicans and closes its borders. Twelve desperate people cross the Sonoran desert in a 1929 Chrysler, hoping to find peace in Baja California. As their sojourn exposes both the best and the worst of human nature, racism, greed, and paranoia prove as deadly as the merciless landscape around them. This film follows the remarkable and inspirational true story of Paul Potts, a shy, bullied shop assistant by day and an amateur opera singer by night. The Seamstress was brought into being by the desperate curse of an innocent woman being tortured to death by a vigilante mob. Voracious for blood, the hideously-mutilated specter hunts a small group of friends who become trapped on the island where she died. This motion picture chronicles the last days of the most iconic outlaw of the old west. Forget what you have heard before (most of that is rumors anyway) and ride with Billy the Kid as he tries to find sanctuary in a desperate landscape. The high price on his head has made Billy an evasive target for bounty hunters from all over the old west, and Billy knows that every time he rides out, he has a chance of getting bushwhacked. Unlike any other account of the Billy the Kid saga, "The Last Days of Billy the Kid" captures the fury, paranoia and heartbreak that defined the last days of the gunslinger's existence. Four of the West's most infamous outlaws carry out a daring bank heist in the gold-rush town, Bath Water. As the posse takes chase, things take a turn for the worse, as the bandits realize they've been double-crossed - but by who? After his wife and family are horribly murdered, a confederate begins a quest to hunt down the Yankee killers in the American West. It's 2017 in Bisbee, Arizona, an old copper-mining town just miles from the Mexican border. The town's close-knit community prepares to commemorate the 100th anniversary of Bisbee's darkest hour: the infamous Bisbee Deportation of 1917, during which 1,200 striking miners were violently taken from their homes, banished to the middle of the desert, and left to die. Townspeople confront this violent, misunderstood past by staging dramatic recreations of the escalating strike. These dramatized scenes are based on subjective versions of the story and "directed," in a sense, by residents with conflicting views of the event. Deeply personal segments torn from family history build toward a massive restaging of the deportation itself on the exact day of its 100th anniversary. After a her husband is brutally murdered, a widowed homesteader seeks revenge and leaves everything behind to hunt down his killer.  Zerzura is a feature-length ethnofiction shot in the Sahara desert. Mixing folktales and documentary, the film follows a young man from Niger who leaves home in search of an enchanted oasis.  Big-city lawyer Casey McKay, is drawn to a small town by his ex-wife to defend her brother, accused of murdering a DA. He discovers a web of conspiracy that puts him face-to-face with the town's most corrupt land developer, Mr. Gates. A tenderfoot from Philadelphia, two misfit gamblers on the run, and a deadly preacher have a date with destiny in a boom town gone bust called Big Kill. Lovro, a rocker from Pohorje, Dzon to his friends, a bachelor in his late thirties, has become victim to modern business machinations: after he failed to get his papers in order in time, the land that had been his family's property for generations came in the possession of the greedy mayor Fras. However, being short-tempered and as a hunter also a skilled shooter, Dzon takes justice into his own hands. Assisted by young journalist Alja he exposes Fras and his helpers. Four young women travel to their college professor's new country home for a weekend getaway, only to discover that the house has a malevolent past. Jesse James is a famous outlaw. While many outlaws have encountered the Black Train, he feels unstoppable and tries to take on the train despite getting advice to the contrary. When a young woman takes a trip down Rogue River, her car mysteriously disappears. Lost without transport or communication, she accepts the hospitality of a stranger who offers her shelter for the night at his cabin. With no other options available, she reluctantly accepts only to forever regret it. The ensuing hours yield nothing but torture, indescribable pain, and horrific agony. If you've seen Misery, you've seen nothing. This movie starts where horror films end and leaves viewers paralysed by fear and disgust. A sheltered Amish child is the sole witness of a brutal murder in a restroom at a Philadelphia train station, and he must be protected.  The assignment falls to a taciturn detective who goes undercover in a Pennsylvania Dutch community. On the farm, he slowly assimilates despite his urban grit and forges a romantic bond with the child's beautiful mother. A sheriff's son is falsely accused of murder, and a friend determines to clear his name and find the real killer. An aging lawman is convinced a mysterious stranger arrested in his small town is innocent. His investigation stirs up a hornet's nest that will change the town forever. This is the WORST. 90 minutes of terrible! From comedy legend Tim Hawkins comes an all new live concert performance featuring new stand-up comedy as well as the brilliant musical comedy his fans love and demand. That's the Worst features a full length concert from Tim, and includes a performance from John Crist, the opening act from the night of filming. A cowboy rides into a rich desert mining town where no-one longer needs to work, and stir things up to what may very well be the town's final days. Telly Paretta is a grieving mother struggling to cope with the loss of her 8-year-old son. She is stunned when her psychiatrist reveals that she has created eight years of memories about a son she never had. But when she meets a man who has had a similar experience, Telly embarks on a search to prove her son's existence, and her sanity. On the Arabian Peninsula in the 1930s, two warring leaders come face to face. The victorious Nesib, Emir of Hobeika, lays down his peace terms to rival Amar, Sultan of Salmaah. The two men agree that neither can lay claim to the area of no man's land between them called The Yellow Belt. In return, Nesib adopts Amar's two boys Saleeh and Auda as a guarantee against invasion. Twelve years later, Saleeh and Auda have grown into young men. Saleeh, the warrior, itches to escape his gilded cage and return to his father's land. Auda cares only for books and the pursuit of knowledge. One day, their adopted father Nesib is visited by an American from Texas. He tells the Emir that his land is blessed with oil and promises him riches beyond his wildest imagination. Nesib imagines a realm of infinite possibility, a kingdom with roads, schools and hospitals all paid for by the black gold beneath the barren sand. There is only one problem. The precious oil is located in the Yellow Belt. Set in a post-apocalyptic Christmas, a lone woman plots against a dangerous biker gang. Can her revenge lead to justice? The spoiled daughter of a well-to-do plantation owner is forced to use every means at her disposal to claw her way out of poverty, following Maj. Gen. William Sherman's destructive "March to the Sea," during the American Civil War. The son of a hangman gets involved in a gunfight with the men who killed his father. When one of these men is killed, the son is arrested and tried by the territorial hanging judge. The young man's fate is now in the hands of another hangman.   1870's America. A Chinese immigrant falsely accused of murdering a white woman is viciously hunted down; he'll have to prove his innocence in a time when people of color had "no legal rights" and could be bought and sold for a profit. Railroad to Hell: A Chinaman's Chance explores the exploitation of Chinese workers during the building of American railroads. The workers not only spent long hours, but the work was often dangerous and fatal. The Chinaman is a fugitive on the run, and all odds are against him. While stealing a horse was a hanging offense in the Old West, our fugitive knows that killing a Chinaman is not a crime. A father and his young son share a house, a yard and very different ideas about masculinity and appropriate uses of army toys. The father and son both assert themselves with action rather than words. A man with no name is forced into a world of danger and bloodshed after he saves a scientist and a gifted child from a horde of radiation-scarred mutants. Upon their arrival in Flat Oak for a semi-centennial celebration, renowned shootist Mance Dixon and his friend Clabe run into a surviving victim of a vicious vigilante group known as The Tramplers. Offering her protection once in town, matters become complicated when a con artist posing as a mythologic killer lends his services to a large cattle baron heading the hired killers. After further run-ins with a demented family and a trio of scalphunter brothers, all roads lead back to Flat Oak for an inevitable massacre that will forever alter the fate of the once-peaceful town. Medieval French monks find a freezing, ill juggler and take him in. Upon recovering, the impoverished man wishes to illustrate his tremendous gratitude. He eventually finds a way to.  The demons of hell play music for Satan, whose delight turns to wrath when an insubordinate refuses to become food for Cerberus. In the north of the pampas, the remains of a population lie hidden  under the soil; they've been this way for more than a century. Their  casual discovery is the starting point with which the film tries to  puzzle out that mystery. There where soy reigns, one more battle is  fought in the constant struggle of film against oblivion. 