['After the death of tycoon and philanthropist Oscar Winterhaven Oglethorpe, a ballet company is founded in his name by his widow, Lillian . The formation of the ballet company leads to ambulance-chasing attorney Roland T. Flakfizer  vying against Oglethorpe\'s former attorney Edmund Lazlo  to be director of the company. Lazlo is chosen to be director of the company after signing the greatest ballet dancer in the world, "The Great Volare"  to dance for the company. Flakfizer, however — with assistance from his two associates Rocco  and Jacques ([[Bob Nelson  — earns a spot as co-director by wooing the wealthy widow and by signing the company\'s leading ballerina  and her dancer boyfriend Alan Grant . The ensuing struggle between Flakfizer and Lazlo leads to comic hijinks, including a badger game involving a chorus girl , and an opening-night performance ludicrously sabotaged by Flakfizer and his cohorts.'] ['Ex-fighter pilot and taxi driver Ted Striker  became traumatized during an unnamed war, leading to his fear of flying. As a result, he is unable to hold a responsible job and his wartime girlfriend, Elaine Dickinson , now a stewardess, leaves him. To win her back, Striker overcomes his fear and boards a flight from Los Angeles to Chicago that she is serving on. During the flight, Elaine rebuffs his attempts to win her back over. After dinner is served, many of the passengers fall ill, and fellow passenger Dr. Barry Rumack  quickly realizes that the fish dinner gave some passengers food poisoning. The stewards discover that the cockpit crew, including pilot Clarence Oveur  and co-pilot Roger Murdock , have all come down with food poisoning, leaving no one aboard to fly the plane. Elaine contacts the Chicago control tower for help, and is instructed by tower supervisor Steve McCroskey  to activate the plane\'s autopilot, a large inflatable doll named "Otto Pilot", which will get them to Chicago, but will not be able to land the plane. Rumack convinces Ted to fly the plane, though Ted feels unable to handle the pressure and the unfamiliar aircraft. McCroskey knows that he must get someone else to help talk the plane down and calls Rex Kramer . Kramer was Ted\'s commanding officer in the war, and despite their dislike, would be the best choice to instruct Striker. As the plane nears Chicago, Ted becomes increasingly stressed and can only land the plane after a pep talk from Dr. Rumack. Furthermore, lightning storms strike the plane, disabling some of its engines. With Kramer\'s stream of advice, Ted is able to overcome his fears and engine troubles and safely land the plane with only minor injuries to some passengers. Ted\'s courage rekindles Elaine\'s love for him, and the two share a kiss while Otto takes off in the evacuated plane after inflating a female companion.'] ["J. Effingham Bellwether  is a guest in a hotel, where he meets the House Detective's Wife  who likes to flirt with other men. After brief encounters with a little girl  and the House Detective , Bellwether offers to teach the Detective's Wife how to play golf. The two of them and their Caddy  go out to the golf course, but Bellwether never gets to hit the ball; his lessons are being constantly interrupted by such distractions as the Caddy's squeaking shoes, pieces of paper being blown by the wind into his path, accidentally stepping into a pie that the Caddy had brought, et cetera. At the end, the police and the House Detective come out to the course to arrest con artist Bellwether for a list of absurd crimes ; the police put handcuffs on him just as he's showing the Detective's Wife the importance of keeping the wrists close together while gripping the club."] ['Monty Python and the Holy Grail loosely follows the legend of King Arthur. Arthur  along with his squire, Patsy , recruits his Knights of the Round Table, including Sir Bedevere the Wise , Sir Lancelot the Brave , Sir Robin the Not-Quite-So-Brave-As-Sir-Lancelot  and Sir Galahad the Pure . On the way Arthur battles the Black Knight  who, despite having had all his limbs chopped off, insists he can still fight. They reach Camelot, but Arthur decides not to enter, as "it is a silly place". They are instructed by God  to seek out the Holy Grail. Their first stop is a French-controlled castle where they believe the Grail is being held. After being insulted in mangled Franglais, they try to sneak into the castle in a Trojan Rabbit, but this plan goes terribly wrong when they forget to hide inside it first, and the rabbit is subsequently catapulted back at them. Arthur then decides the group should separate to seek the Grail. Concurrently, in a manner of "breaking the fourth wall", a modern-day historian is describing the Arthurian legend for a television program. He is suddenly killed by a knight on horseback, triggering a police investigation. Each of the Knights encounters various perils on their quest. Arthur and Bedevere attempt to satisfy the strange requests of the dreaded Knights who say Ni. Sir Robin narrowly avoids a fight with the Three-Headed Giant by running away while the heads are arguing, causing embarrassment as the bard following him sings "Brave Sir Robin ran away". Sir Lancelot accidentally assaults a wedding party at Swamp Castle, mistakenly believing them to be holding a lady against her will, only to discover an effeminate boy. Galahad is led by a Grail-shaped beacon to Castle Anthrax, populated only by women who wish to perform sexual favours for him, but is "rescued", somewhat against his will, by Lancelot. The Knights regroup and travel to see Tim the Enchanter , who points them to caves where the location of the Grail is written on the walls. To enter the caves, the group is forced to defeat the Rabbit of Caerbannog using the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch. They enter the cave and are attacked by the Legendary Black Beast of Aaaaarrrrrrggghhh, which devours Brother Maynard. Arthur and his Knights flee and barely escape by virtue of the beast\'s animator suffering a fatal heart attack. With their final destination known, the group travels to its last peril, the Bridge of Death, where each Knight is forced to answer three questions by the bridge-keeper  before they can cross the Gorge of Eternal Peril; Sirs Robin and Galahad fail and are thrown into a chasm below. Arthur, at his turn, accidentally tricks the bridge-keeper, who is thrown into the chasm himself. Lancelot becomes separated from Arthur and Bedevere, and is later shown being arrested by police for the murder of the historian. Arthur and Bedevere travel to the Grail castle, which turns out to be occupied by the same French forces who insulted and drove them off earlier. The Knights amass a large army and prepare to storm the castle, but just as they begin to charge, the modern police arrive on the scene. Arthur and Bedevere are arrested, and one of the officers knocks the film out of the camera, putting an abrupt end to the movie. There are no end credits, only several minutes of organ music.'] ['Sir Guy Grand , an eccentric billionaire, together with his newly adopted heir , Youngman Grand , start playing elaborate practical jokes on people. A big spender, Grand does not mind handing out large sums of money to various people, bribing them to fulfill his whims, or shocking them by bringing down what they hold dear. Their misadventures are designed as a display of father Grand to his adoptive charge that \'everyone has their price\' - it just depends on the amount one is prepared to pay. They start from rather minor spoofs, like bribing a traffic warden  to take back a parking ticket and eat it  and proceed with increasingly elaborate stunts involving higher social strata and wider audiences. As a father-son conversation reveals, Grand sees his plots as \'educational\' . At Sotheby\'s art auction house, it is proudly claimed that an original Rembrandt portrait might fetch £10,000, yet to the astonishment of director Mr. Dugdale , Grand makes a final offer of £30,000 for it  and having bought it, proceeds, in front of a deeply shocked Dugdale, to cut with his scissors the portrait\'s nose from the canvas. In a classy restaurant he makes a loud show of wild gluttony, Grand being the restaurant\'s most prominent customer. In the annual Boat Race sports event, he bribes the Oxford team  and makes them purposely ram the Cambridge boat, to win a screamingly unjust victory. In a traditional pheasant hunt, he uses an anti-aircraft gun to down the bird. Guy and Youngman eventually buy tickets for the luxury liner The Magic Christian, along with the richest strata of society. In the beginning everything appears normal and the ship apparently sets off. Yet soon, things start going wrong. A solitary drinker at the bar  is approached by a transvestite cabaret singer , a vampire  poses as a waiter, and a cinema film turns out to feature the unfortunately unsuccessful transplant of a black person\'s head onto a white body. Eventually passengers start noticing, through the ship\'s CCTV, that their Captain  is in a drunken stupor and finally gets carted off by a gorilla. In a crescendo of panic, the guests try to find their way to abandon ship. A group of them, shown the way by Youngman Grand, instead reach the machine-room, which turns out to be powered by hordes of topless rowing slave girls, under the command of the Priestess of the Whip . As passengers finally find an exit, and lords and ladies stumble out in the daylight, it is discovered that the supposed ship was in fact a structure built inside a warehouse, and the passengers had never left London. During the whole misadventure, father and son Grand look perfectly composed and cool. Toward the end of the film, Guy fills up a huge vat with urine, blood and animal excrement and adds to it thousands of bank notes. Attracting a crowd of onlookers by announcing \'Free money!\', Grand successfully entices the city\'s workers to recover the cash. The sequence concludes with many members of the crowd submerging themselves, in order to retrieve money that had sunk beneath the surface, as the song "Something In The Air" by Thunderclap Newman, is heard by the movie\'s audience. The film ends with both Guy and Youngman, having returned to the park where the film opened, bribing the park warden to allow them to both now sleep there, stating that this was a more direct method of achieving their  ends.'] ['Halliwell encapsulates the plot as "Harassed by their manager and Paul\'s grandpa, The Beatles embark from Liverpool by train for a London TV show."{{cite web}}'] ['Fran Kranz stars as Joel, a guy who has recently been dumped by his girlfriend , sending him into a spiral of depression. His two friends, Wyatt  and Ben , a closet homosexual, take him on a road trip to lift his spirits and take revenge on Dr. Dwayne. The friends take their trip in Wyatt\'s van, which he has customized into a cross-country hotdog stand in an attempt to impress Oscar Meyer and get a job with them. On the way, they encounter an elderly nymphomaniac couple who had sexual intercourse in front of them. After being dropped off, they realized their wallets are stolen by three women, leaving them with only ten dollars delivered to Wyatt in a 15-year-old birthday card from his grandmother. They use this money to enter into a hot bod contest, on which Ben had a flashback of his mother constantly yelling at him to work hard in the competition. After getting advice from a man Walrus Boy, he wins, getting $10,000 for the prize. As they approach their destination, Joel abandons his friends in a fit of hopelessness, winding up drunk in a back alley. His childhood tormenter, Drake Hanswald , appears in a hallucination, and Joel watches helplessly as his younger self is tormented by Drake and all of his other classmates. Realizing that he needs to change his situation and stand up for himself, Joel returns to his friends just in time to save them from the hippies who had previously stolen Wyatt\'s hood ornament. The next morning, they go to the studio where Dr. Dwayne\'s show is filmed and sneak in. After beating up Dr. Dwayne\'s decoy, the real Dr. Dwayne appears, revealing that he intentionally caused Joel\'s breakup to motivate Joel to take a stand for himself. He also reveals that he has found a rich man that Wyatt had saved from a life of drugs, who is willing to finance Wyatt\'s Wieners. Ben makes a speech to the audience and accepts his homosexuality. Now that the friends have all achieved what they needed, they head home, and we learn that Wyatt\'s Wieners became the 4th most successful pre-packaged meat company in the U.S. and that he lives in a hotdog-shaped house with his dachshund named Beyoncé. Ben went on to become a successful lawyer and cologne designer, and that he currently lives with his "roommate" Johnathan and his two cats. Joel invented "unpantsable" pants, and the three friends take the Wienerwagon on a road trip every year to spread cross-country happiness.'] ['In the year 10,001 B.C., a caveman runs away from a predator through a plain. He then immediately gets into a fight with Wolf. After defeating him, the caveman then encounters the predator: a saber-toothed, gasoline-drinking Amy Winehouse, who after checking her Facebook account, informs him that the world will end on August 29, 2008—the release date of the movie—revealing that their fate lies in a crystal skull. The film flash-forwards to the present, treating the first scene as a dream sequence of Will. He then finds out that his girlfriend Amy is having an affair with Flavor Flav, and she breaks up with Will because he is not admitting his true feelings for her. Later that day, Will has a "Super Duper Sweet Sixteen" party at his house, despite the fact he is twenty-five. The guests are Juney, Dr. Phil, Will\'s best friend Calvin, and Anton Chigurh, among others. Seth and McLover are trying to steal the alcohol from the party, and Calvin\'s girlfriend Lisa requests Calvin to kill them, but he realizes the distance is not clean. Then the Beautiful Assassin suggests him to attempt to curve a bullet around the room to stop them, but he accidentally kills Dr. Phil, Chigurh and the Beautiful Assassin in the process. By then, Amy arrives with her new boyfriend, a Calvin Klein underwear model, and the musical number "Friends Forever" is performed by high school kids, an off-key Jessica Simpson, and J. T.. However, the party comes to a halt when a strong movement shakes the room and lights go out. A bulletin on the radio claims there is a meteor shower and it is the end of the world. Will, Juney, Calvin, and Lisa go outside during the shower and find Hannah Montana crushed by a meteor. Even when she is caught between life and death, she is still promoting her merchandise until her wig falls off, revealing her as Miley Cyrus before she finally dies. While this is occurring, a kid wakes up Hancock and mouths at him to go save the world, only to be knocked away as Hancock tries to escape from the city, but hits his head on a streetlight and knocks himself out. Soon after, the city starts to freeze over, and the group retreats to a garage for shelter. They meet the Sex and the City gals, who comment they are willing to fight for the place. Then, Juney and Carrie Bradshaw start a combat, where Juney wins. When she mentions that the calamities are caused by global warming, Will replies to her that his dream about Amy Winehouse is maybe related. Lisa says that she is getting cold and Calvin suggests they should take their clothes off, but only the girls take them off, and the guys stare in awe until Juney\'s water brokes. Later, Will has a dream where he confesses to Amy he is a jumper, but when she tells him that she loves him she escapes, but accidentally impales himself on Prince Caspian\'s  sword, and Caspian identifies him as "the guy who ruined Star Wars". After Will\'s dream ends, the group chide with him because he does not commit his relationship with Amy. The gang leaves the garage and Will gets a call from Amy, where he admits his feelings for her, but the call gets dropped and he decides to go to rescue Amy to her job, but Lisa gets killed by a meteor. While the others comfort a distraught Calvin, the Enchanted Princess climbs out of a manhole and gets hit by a taxi, with Calvin catching her as they immediately fall in love with each other. Juney guesses that she is a Princess thrown out of her kingdom by an evil witch, but the Princess explains that she is a "demented homeless chick who lives in the sewers" due to consuming "lots and lots and lots of mind-altering, enchanting drugs". Prince Edwin challenges Calvin to a dance fight alá Step Up 2 for the love of the Princess, but then a tornado appears and Prince Edwin escapes. Iron Man, Hellboy, and the Hulk attempts to fight the natural disaster but all are knocked down by cows that the twister sends. When the group finds shelter, Calvin gets a call on his shoe phone from Lisa\'s mother, who is informed about Lisa\'s death and how Calvin has found someone hotter than Lisa. Afterward, they encounter rabid knockoffs of Alvin and the Chipmunks, who start attacking the gang and eat Juney\'s flesh until she dies. The Chipmunks then go after Will and Calvin and they trap them in a trash can, fatally suffocating them as they attempt to escape. On their way to the museum to save Amy, who called to tell Will she is trapped under a statue, they run into Batman, who informs them that they must get to the evacuation buses by 9 pm  and mentions that there will be no chance of survival if they go to save Amy. Learning that it is closer to nine than he thought, Batman throws a rope, which accidentally lands on a car that drags him away. With time against them, the Princess kills Speed Racer so they can hijack his Mach 5 and drive to the museum. But before departing, they hear someone giggling in the trunk and as they look inside they find Michael Jackson cuddled up with Spritle and Chim-Chim. After Jackson closes the trunk, they drive to the museum and they save Amy who reveals the Crystal Skull from Will\'s dream to be the only thing that can stop the end of the world. As Will and Amy make their way to the altar, Calvin and the Princess find that the museum doors are closed and all the artifacts have come alive, including Kung Fu Panda, who fights Calvin. When Calvin makes out with the Princess after beating Kung Fu Panda, he accidentally removes her wig and discovers that the Princess is actually a transvestite. While this happens, Kung Fu Panda takes out a katana and kills Calvin and the Enchanted Princess. Meanwhile, Will and Amy run into a nude Beowulf, who fights with Will. After Beowulf is defeated, Will and Amy encounter Indiana Jones, who accept to be Will\'s father. Indiana tries to put the crystal skull on the altar, but he has an accident; Will does it instead, and he averts further destruction. The film ends with a wedding ceremony for Will and Amy being performed by The Guru Shitka. Then all the characters start to sing the "Dating song" , a song about dating each other, which sets off a chain, ending with the Chipmunks.'] ['Fielding Mellish  is the main character, but he does not appear until after the opening credits. The cold open, which featured the assassination of the president of the fictional "banana republic" of San Marcos that completed a coup d\'état bringing Gen. Emilio Molina Vargas  to power, sets up the situation that Mellish would enter later in the movie. The scene was in the form of a championship boxing telecast on Wide World of Sports, with Don Dunphy as the host and Howard Cosell as the commentator.Warren, James. "Press Goes \'Bananas,\'" Chicago Tribune, Sunday, October 30, 1994. Mellish is a neurotic blue collar man who tries to impress social activist Nancy  by trying to get in touch with the revolution in San Marcos. He visits the republic and attempts to show his concern for the native people. However, nearly killed by the local caudillo, only to be saved by the revolutionaries, he is then indebted to help them. Mellish clumsily learns how to be a revolutionary. When the revolution is successful, the Castro-style leader goes mad, forcing the rebels to place Mellish as their President. When traveling back to the U.S. to obtain financial aid, he reunites with his activist ex-girlfriend and is exposed. In a classic courtroom scene, Mellish tries to defend himself from a series of incriminating witnesses, including a reigning Miss America and a middle-aged African-American woman who facetiously claims to be J. Edgar Hoover and is taken seriously by the whole court. One of the witnesses did provide testimony favorable to Mellish, but the court clerk twisted it to make him appear thoroughly dishonest. Mellish is eventually sentenced to prison, but his sentence is suspended on the condition that he does not move into the judge\'s neighborhood. Nancy then agrees to marry him. The film ends with the between-the-covers consummation of their marriage, an event that was over much more quickly than Nancy had anticipated. Like the opening scene, it was accompanied by Cosell providing commentary.'] ['Set in 1980, Vince Lombardi High School keeps losing principals to nervous breakdowns because of the students\' love of rock \'n\' roll and their disregard for education. Their leader, Riff Randell , is the biggest Ramones fan at Vince Lombardi High School. She waits in line for three days to get tickets to see the band, hoping to meet Joey Ramone so she can give him a song she wrote for the band, "Rock \'n\' Roll High School". When Principal Togar  takes her ticket away, Riff and her best friend Kate Rambeau  have to find another way to meet their heroes—by winning a radio contest. When Miss Togar and a group of parents attempt to burn a pile of rock records, the students take over the high school, joined by the Ramones, who are made honorary students. When the police are summoned and demand that the students evacuate the building, they do so, which leads to a quite literal explosive finale.'] ['Two unemployed brothers, Bob and Doug McKenzie ([[Dave Thomas , place a live mouse in a beer bottle in an attempt to blackmail the local beer store into giving them free Elsinore beer, but are told to take up the matter at the Elsinore brewery instead. After presenting the mouse to management at the brewery, the brothers are given jobs on the bottling line inspecting the bottles for mice. Meanwhile, the evil Brewmeister Smith  is perfecting a secret plan to take over the world by placing a mind-control drug in Elsinore beer which, while rendering the consumer docile, also makes him or her attack others when stimulated by certain musical tones. Smith tests this adulterated beer on patients of the neighboring Royal Canadian Institute for the Mentally Insane, which is connected to the brewery by underground tunnels. They learn the former brewery owner John Elsinore has recently died under mysterious circumstances and his daughter, Pam  has been given full control of the Elsinore brewery. While exploring the massive brewery, they find a shuttered cafeteria containing an old Galactic Border Patrol video game which supernaturally reveals that Brewmeister Smith murdered John Elsinore and that Pam\'s bumbling Uncle Claude  was deeply involved. Additionally, while poking around the brewery, Bob recognizes one-time hockey great, Jean "Rosie" LeRose , who suffered a career-ending nervous breakdown and has fallen under Smith\'s control. Eventually, Bob and Doug wander into Brewmeister\'s operations room while he is away, and Doug takes a floppy disk containing video of John Elsinore\'s murder . Smith and Claude tranquilize the brothers and arrange to frame them for murder, concealing Pam and her father\'s friend, Henry Green in beer kegs in the back of their sabotaged van. The brothers are unable to stop and crash the van into Lake Ontario, but all survive, Pam with apparent memory loss, and the brothers are arrested. When put to trial, Bob and Doug\'s antics cause the judge to declare them insane, and he puts them under Brewmeister Smith\'s care at the asylum. Rosie soon finds them and helps them escape, and they later find Pam and rescue her as well. Rosie, having figured out Brewmeister\'s plan, foments an uprising among the brainwashed test subjects. The brothers separate for the first time in their lives, with Doug helping Rosie to overpower Brewmeister Smith. However, Smith has locked Pam and Bob into a brewery tank, filling it with beer; they escape this possible death when Bob consumes all the beer . John Elsinore\'s ghost warns them that Smith has already shipped tainted beer to Oktoberfest and tells her to stop them. The police accompany the brothers back to their house to retrieve their beer-drinking dog, Hosehead, who resembles a large skunk, to invade the party. Enticed by free beer and sausages, Hosehead leaps into the air and literally flies over the city, crashing into the tent at the celebration and frightening people away from the tainted beer. In the end, the McKenzie Brothers save the day and Pam and Rosie find true love. As for the contaminated beer, Bob and Doug are allowed to haul away the lot to apparently try to drink it all.'] ["Clarence Mumford is a Robitussin addict living with his parents. He is on a quest to become a ninja master much to the dismay of his parents. He leaves the house to visit his girlfriend Shotsi, only for her to cheat on him with a few other guys, who beat him up. After leaving Shotsi's apartment, he notices a flier advertising Dr. Death's dojo. Upon entering the dojo, he meets Dr. Death. After a brief discussion, Dr. Death offers to shake Clarence's hand, only to twist his arm and tell him to trust nobody, not even his own guru. That night, Clarence experiences a dream in which an old martial arts master from Korea tells him to fly to Korea and train. The next morning Clarence departs for the airport, flies to Korea, and meets the old master that he saw in his dream the previous night. The master trains Clarence with sparring and meditation. After finishing the training, Clarence returns to Shotsi's apartment in America to challenge Dr. Death to a fight that takes the two throughout the city and back to the apartment. Upon returning, Dr. Death holds Shotsi at knife-point. After channeling the master for help, Clarence receives a bike, which he uses to ride into Dr. Death, splitting him in half and killing him. After he wins, Shotsi leaps into Clarence's arms and the master appears right before him, telling him that he has to do one more thing before becoming a ninja warrior. The master tells Clarence that he did the right thing after he literally dumps Shotsi."] ['The film begins with Navin R. Johnson , a homeless bum, directly addressing the camera and telling his story. He is the adopted white son of African American sharecroppers, who grows to adulthood naïvely unaware of his obvious adoption. He stands out in his family not just because of his skin color, but also because of his utter lack of rhythm when his adopted family plays spirited blues music. One night, he hears the staid and starchy Roger Wolfe Kahn Orchestra song called "Crazy Rhythm" on the radio and his feet spontaneously begin to move with the urge to dance; he sees this as a calling and decides to hitchhike to St. Louis, from where the song was broadcast. On the way, he stops at a motel, where a dog wakes him up by barking at his door. Navin thinks the dog is trying to warn of a fire and decides to name the dog "Lifesaver." He wakes up the other hotel guests to rescue them, but when everyone realizes it was a false alarm, one Asian man angrily suggests he call the dog "Shithead," which Navin takes literally. Navin gets a job  at a gas station owned by Mr. Harry Hartounian . He\'s thrilled to find that he\'s listed in the local phone book, as his name is "in print" for the first time. Not long after, a gun-wielding lunatic  randomly flips through the phone book and picks "Johnson, Navin R." as his next victim. As the madman watches through his rifle scope, waiting for a clear shot, Navin fixes the slippery glasses of a customer, Stan Fox , by adding a handle and a nose brake. Fox offers to split the profits 50/50 with Navin if he can market the invention, then departs. Seizing his chance, the crazed sniper tries to kill Navin, but fails, hitting the oil cans in the station window and a soft-drink machine. The lunatic chases Navin to a traveling carnival, where Navin hides out, eventually getting a job with SJM Fiesta Shows as a weight guesser. While employed there, Navin meets an intimidating daredevil biker named Patty Bernstein  and has a sexual relationship with her, finally realizing what his "special purpose"  is for. He then meets a woman named Marie  and arranges a date with her. Patty confronts them, but Marie knocks her out. While courting, Navin and Marie walk along the beach and sing "Tonight You Belong to Me", with Navin playing the ukulele and Marie on the cornet. Navin and Marie fall in love, but Marie reluctantly decides to leave him because of his lack of financial security. She writes a note and slips out while Navin is in the bath. At an emotional and financial low, Navin is soon contacted by Stan Fox with exciting news: His glasses invention, now called the Opti-Grab, is selling big and he\'s entitled to half of the profits. Now extremely rich, he finds and marries Marie, and they buy an extravagant mansion. Their life becomes one of splendor and non-stop partying. However, motion-picture director Carl Reiner  files a class action lawsuit against Navin. Reiner claims that the Opti-Grab caused his eyes to be crossed and his resulting poor vision caused the death of a stunt driver in the film he was directing. Nearly ten million other people have the same vision complaint , and are awarded $10 million in damages. Bankrupt, depressed, and now homeless, he is abandoned by Marie and is soon living on the streets. His story now told, he resigns himself to a life of misery and memories of Marie, but to his amazed joy, she suddenly appears, along with Navin\'s family, and some more good news: Having carefully invested the small sums of money he sent home throughout the film, they\'ve become wealthy themselves. They pick him up off the street, and he and Marie move back home into the Johnsons\' new house&nbsp;— a much larger but identical version of their old, small shack. The story ends with the entire family dancing on the porch and singing "Pick a Bale of Cotton", with Navin dancing along, now having gained perfect rhythm.'] ['The film is a portrait of a fictional town in the Midwest that is home to a group of idiosyncratic and slightly neurotic characters. Dwayne Hoover  is a wealthy car dealership owner who is on the brink of suicide and is losing touch with reality.'] ['The film revolves around college football and a game between the fictional Darwin and Huxley Colleges.  Many of the jokes about the amateur status of collegiate football players and how eligibility rules are stretched by collegiate athletic departments remain remarkably current.Horse Feathers at Filmsite.org. Groucho plays Quincy Adams Wagstaff, the new president of Huxley College, and Zeppo is his son Frank, who convinces his father to recruit professional football players to help Huxley\'s team. There are also many references to Prohibition. Baravelli  is an "iceman", who delivers ice and bootleg liquor from a local speakeasy. Pinky  is also an "iceman", and a part-time dogcatcher. Through a series of misunderstandings, Baravelli and Pinky are recruited to play on Huxley\'s football team; this requires them to enroll as students at Huxley, which creates chaos throughout the school. The climax of the movie, often referenced as one of the greatest football-related scenes in movie history,[http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/page2/story?pagehttp://www.time.com/time/magazine/0,9263,7601320815,00.html |title2007-04-02 |last |authorlink |date |month |publisher |language |archivedate }}'] ['Fictional television station WIDB-TV  experiences problems with its late-night airing of science-fiction classic Amazon Women on the Moon, a 1950s B-movie in which Queen Lara  and Capt. Nelson ([[Steve Forrest  battle exploding volcanoes and man-eating spiders on the moon. In place of the faltering film, the channel airs various other movie clips, trailers, commercials, public service announcements, infomercials and talk shows in between a few snippets of the main feature. These segments feature: * Arsenio Hall as a man who nearly kills himself in a series of mishaps around his apartment; * Monique Gabrielle as a model who goes about her daily routine in Malibu, California, completely naked; * Lou Jacobi as a man, zapped into the television, wandering throughout sketches looking for his wife; * Michelle Pfeiffer and Peter Horton as a young couple having trouble with eccentric doctor Griffin Dunne delivering and then concealing their newborn baby; * Joe Pantoliano as the presenter of a commercial recommending stapling carpet to a bald head as a hair loss prevention measure; * David Alan Grier and B.B. King in a public-service appeal for "blacks without soul"; * Rosanna Arquette as a young woman on a blind date, employing unusual methods of investigation to reveal the past indiscretions of Steve Guttenberg; * Henry Silva as the host of a show entitled Bullshit or Not?, clearly intended as a spoof of In Search Of . . .; * Archie Hahn as a man who dies after a critical mauling  and is roasted at his funeral by a variety of people, including his wife; * William Marshall as the leader of a gang of pirates illegally bootlegging videotapes; * Ed Begley, Jr. as the son of the Invisible Man, having trouble with his formula; * Angel Tompkins as a First Lady who is also a former hooker; * Matt Adler as a sexually frustrated teenager who becomes a spokesperson for a condom company; * Marc McClure renting a personalized date video; * and an epilogue at the end of the credits, with Carrie Fisher and Paul Bartel in a black-and-white ephemeral film warning about the spread of "social diseases" in the style of Reefer Madness.  An alternate version of the "Pethouse Video" sketch was filmed for the television broadcast of the film, with Monique Gabrielle in lingerie instead of appearing naked throughout the segment. Most European TV broadcasts of the film, however, retained the original theatrical version. Bullshit or Not? was retitled Baloney or Not? for the TV version. The American television edit, in addition to the alternative "Pethouse Video" sketch, features a additional bridging sequence between the death of Harvey Pitnik and his subsequent celebrity roast. In it, the mortician successfully cons Pitnik\'s widow into having the celebrity roast as part of the funeral. The DVD release features an unreleased sketch titled "The Unknown Soldier," starring Robert Loggia. Some television broadcasts of the film featured the sketches "Peter Pan Theater" and "The French Ventriloquist\'s Dummy," which were not present in the theatrical version.'] ['Planet Spaceball, led by President Skroob , has wasted all of its air. Skroob schemes to steal air from the planet Druidia by kidnapping the daughter of King Roland , Princess Vespa , on the day of her pre-arranged wedding to the narcoleptic Prince Valium . Skroob sends Dark Helmet  to complete this task with Spaceball One, an impossibly huge ship helmed by Colonel Sandurz . Before they can arrive, Vespa herself abandons her marriage and flees the planet along with her Droid of Honor, Dot Matrix , in her personal Mercedes spaceship. King Roland contacts the mercenary Captain Lone Starr  and his mawg  sidekick, Barf , offering a lucrative reward to retrieve Vespa before she is captured. Lone Starr readily accepts, as he is in major debt with the space gangster Pizza the Hutt . Lone Starr and Barf, in their Winnebago space ship , reach Vespa before Spaceball One, rescue her and Dot, and escape into hyperspace. Running out of fuel, they crash on the nearby desert "Moon of Vega", and find their way to a cave occupied by the wise old Yogurt . Yogurt introduces Lone Starr to the power of "The Schwartz". Yogurt also introduces the audience to the film\'s merchandising campaign, which becomes prevalent throughout the rest of the film. During their respite on the moon, Lone Starr and Vespa begin to flirt, but Vespa insists she can only be married to a prince. Spaceball One, by breaking the fourth wall, has been able to track down Lone Starr, capture Vespa, and return with her to the planet Spaceball. The Spaceballs threaten to reverse Vespa\'s nose job, forcing Roland to give over the code to the shield that protects Druidia. Dark Helmet takes Spaceball One to Druidia, and transforms the ship into Mega Maid, a giant robotic maid with a vacuum cleaner that begins sucking the air from the planet. Lone Starr, with Yogurt\'s help in repairing his ship and training in the Schwartz, races to the planet Spaceball to rescue Vespa, and then returns to Druidia, using the Schwartz to reverse the robot\'s sucking action and returning the air to the planet. Lone Starr and his allies enter the Mega Maid to attempt to destroy the robot. Lone Starr is forced to fight against Dark Helmet near the ship\'s self-destruct button, and manages to best him, causing Dark Helmet to accidentally strike the button himself. Lone Starr and his friends escape the ship, while Skroob, Dark Helmet, and Colonel Sandurz fail to reach any escape pods in time, and are left stranded aboard the robot\'s head as the robot explodes. They land on a nearby planet, much to the regret of its ape population. His debt to Pizza nullified after Pizza\'s untimely death , Lone Starr returns Vespa to Roland and quietly leaves, taking only enough money to cover his expenses. After a disastrous lunch break at a diner , he finds a final message from Yogurt informing him that he is a prince and thus eligible to marry Vespa. Lone Starr reaches Druidia in time to stop her wedding to Valium, announcing his royal lineage, and marries Vespa himself.'] ['{{plot}} The year is 1893: solicitor Thomas Renfield  travels all the way from London to "Castle Dracula" in Transylvania to finalise Count Dracula\'s purchase of Carfax Abbey in England. As the sun sets, and the stagecoach driver refuses to take him any further, Renfield continues on foot despite the villagers  pleading with him to turn back. Renfield arrives safely and meets Count Dracula , a charming but rather strange man who is, of course, a vampire. He then casts a hypnotic spell on the suggestible Renfield, making him his slave. Dracula and Renfield soon embark for England. During the voyage, Dracula dines upon the ship\'s crew. When the ship arrives and Renfield  is discovered alone on the ship, he is confined to a lunatic asylum. Meanwhile, Dracula visits an opera house, where he introduces himself to his new neighbors: Doctor Seward , Seward\'s assistant Jonathan Harker ([[Steven Weber , Seward\'s nubile daughter Mina , and Seward\'s ward, the equally nubile Lucy . Dracula flirts with Lucy and, later that night, enters her bedroom and feeds on her blood. The next day, Mina discovers Lucy still in bed late in the morning, looking strangely pale. Seward, puzzled by the odd puncture marks on her throat, calls in an expert on obscure diseases, Dr. Abraham Van Helsing . Van Helsing informs the skeptical Dr. Seward that Lucy has been attacked by a vampire. After some hesitation, Seward and Harker allow garlic to be placed in Lucy\'s bedroom to repel the vampire. Dracula uses mind-control to make Lucy leave her room, and kills her in the garden. Van Helsing meets Dracula and begins to suspect him of being the local vampire. Lucy, now a vampire herself, rises from her crypt, drains the blood from her guard, and tries to attack Harker. Van Helsing rushes in just in time and chases her back to her coffin with a crucifix. Jonathan drives a stake into Lucy\'s heart, allowing her to at last rest in peace. Dracula\'s next victim is Mina, but he has bigger plans for her; he wants her to be his undead bride throughout eternity. He spirits her away to Carfax Abbey, where they dance, and he sucks her blood. The following morning, she is unusually frisky, and tries to seduce the prudish Jonathan. Van Helsing becomes suspicious at this strange behavior. Noticing a scarf around Mina\'s neck, he removes it, revealing two puncture marks. Van Helsing devises a plan to reveal Count Dracula\'s secret identity. He invites the Count to a ball, and places a huge mirror, covered with a curtain, on one of the walls. The curtain over the mirror is dropped, and guests are stunned to see that Dracula has no reflection. Dracula grabs Mina and escapes out a window. Van Helsing deduces that Renfield is Dracula\'s slave, and thus might know where he keeps his coffin. He lets him out of his cell, and the three men secretly follow him to Dracula\'s lair. Once discovered, the Count locks himself in a room to finish making Mina his bride. His pursuers break down the door, and they fight. Van Helsing, noticing sunlight creeping into the room, starts opening the blinds. As his body begins to burn, Dracula transforms himself into a bat to flee, but is inadvertently killed by the inept Renfield opening a panel of the roof. With Dracula finally vanquished, Renfield falls into despair with no master to serve. They says him "You are free, now", and he thinks: "Yes, I\'m free". But when Dr. Seward calls for Renfield to come, the imbecile follows with "Yes Master". Van Helsing dusts himself off, opens Dracula\'s coffin and yells something in moldavian and ensure that he has the final word between him and the count.'] ['The film opens with Shaquille O\'Neal and Dr. Phil waking up to find their ankles chained to pipes in a spoof of the first Saw movie. They have only two minutes to escape as their host, Billy the Puppet, reveals that the room is filling up with nerve gas. Phil realizes they have to cut through their own ankles, but accidentally saws off the wrong foot, inadvertently leaving both men to die, for their bones are seen later in the movie. In New York, Cindy Campbell  visits her former brother-in-law Tom Logan . Since the previous film, her husband George has died and her nephew Cody has been sent to military school, leaving her a broken and lonely woman. Tom, equally depressed despite being in a relationship with three girls, tries to commit suicide to both end his misery and end his irritation by Cindy\'s presence, by overdosing on sleeping pills. However, he mistakenly ingests Viagra, resulting in a painful death when he tumbles over the balustrade and lands on his absurdly erect penis. Distraught, Cindy accepts the job of caring for an incapacitated old lady, Mrs. Norris , who lives in a creepy and obviously haunted house which Tom had previously recommended her for. Meanwhile, Cindy\'s new neighbour, Tom Ryan , runs into George\'s old friends, Mahalik  and CJ ([[Kevin Hart , who unintentionally reveal they had a homosexual one night stand since taking a trip to the mountains, much to Tom\'s disgust and CJ\'s embarrassment. Tom returns home, where his ex-wife Marilyn  has just arrived with his children, Robbie  and Rachel , both of whom resent their father. The next morning, Cindy confides with Tom, leading to a conversation about their past relationships. Cindy sadly remembers the tragic death of her husband George Logan  during the last match of her boxing career against dimwitted Tiffany Stone. When Stone turned around to pick up a nickel, Cindy tries to swing at her but misses and loses her balance. George notices that she is about to land on a stool, and he jumps in the way to save her but he accidentally kills himself which results in a chain reaction of multiple people breaking their necks and dying. As the two realize their love for each other and kiss, the sky suddenly experiences a freak storm. Afterwards, all the vehicles and motorbikes in the world lost all their power, even bikes, skateboards, put down pants and bombs won\'t move or work. Meanwhile, a gigantic object called triPod emerges from the ground to play "Karma Chameleon" – before switching to "Destroy Humanity", transforming into a mobile weapon that vaporizes people into dust and ashes. Cindy runs back home and encounters the house’s resident ghost, Toshio. The Japanese boy reveals that the answer to the invasion lies in his father’s identity. Tom chooses to part ways with Cindy and flees with his children to an undisclosed location. While visiting Edna R. Penhall Elementary School, President Baxter Harris  receives news of the alien attack. Unfortunately, Harris is more interested by the reading of "My Pet Duck" and fails to respond appropriately. The situation only worsens when his aide explains that the duck dies, and the aide explains that the aliens are vaporizing people, which leads for the president to exclaim that all off these children\'s parents could be dead, which culminates in a violent riot by the children. On his way out the president asks his aide to remind him to sign the abortion bill. Later, at an emergency session of the United Nations, Harris follows a round of offensive jokes with the unveiling of a weapon designed to combat the aliens. Scientists have modified the heat ray into having the opposite effect of destroying bodies, leaving only clothes behind. The UN gets an unexpected and quite unwelcome demonstration when Harris unwittingly causes the ray to render everybody stark naked, beginning with himself. Cindy reunites with her old friend Brenda Meeks , now a local reporter despite having died in the previous film. Meanwhile, Mahalik and CJ are working as sewer inspectors, but when they get out of the sewer a horde of Zombie like people start to attack them, but they easily fight back and one of them is Malaik\'s grandma, he keep\'s telling her how much he loves her while beating her up at the same time and throwing her into the sewers at the end . Cindy and Brenda manage to find the last working car and follow the directions left by Toshio. Soon, they discover a mysterious village which resembles a pseudo-Amish community. Unfortunately, they are captured and taken into a court to have their fate decided by village leader Henry Hale . During the trial, Hale\'s blind daughter, Holly , stumbles into the courtroom thinking she\'s alone she strips and defecates loudly in front of everyone. To the consternation of the crowded courtroom, Hale rules that Cindy and Brenda may stay in the village, but never leave. In a nearby field strewn with red weed, Tom and his children still are driving the car while most people try to steal it, which succeeds after a man point\'s a gun to his head and they switch the wrong items. Later they run into a battle between the US military and the triPods. Robbie decides to join the fight, excited by the graphic violence. While Tom tries to dissuade him, Michael Jackson tries to persuade Rachel to come along – but Tom manages to stop her in time, leaving the singer to be repeatedly disintegrated until only his plastic nose remains. Tom and Rachel flee into a house guarded by the lunatic Oliver , but their respite is short-lived when father and daughter are captured by a triPod. Back in the village, Henry gets stabbed by the mentally challenged village idiot Ezekiel . A dying Henry explains to Cindy and Brenda that he is the father of Toshio, who was killed during the mass accident at Cindy’s boxing match. However, various events conspire against Henry revealing the full story, finally culminating in Cindy and Brenda being caught by the Command triPod. The main characters wake up in the same bathroom from the opening. Cindy and Brenda find themselves wearing "Venus Fly Traps" and Tom wearing an absurd device designed to shoot a pole up his behind. Then Billy appears on the TV and tells them Cindy has 60 seconds to retrieve the key. After much prompting, Cindy realises that she has to retrieve the key from behind her eye – which she does without trouble, since the key was behind a glass eye she got following a “bad bar fight in \'96”. Then both Rachel and Robbie come down from the ceiling, to be sliced into pieces unless Tom holds onto their rope, leaving him open to another, ultimately lethal torture device where his kids would be saved but he would suffer a terrible death. Moments before his imminent death, Cindy notices the toilet that has a heart drawn on it and discovers pictures of Billy with Henry\'s wife and Toshio. Realising that Billy was the boy\'s biological father and the entire invasion is revenge for his son’s death, Cindy pleads him to call off the invasion. After seeing how far Tom would go to save his children\'s lives at the cost of his own, Billy spares their lives and grudgingly apologizes for killing millions of people and allows them to depart from the bathroom. In an epilogue set nine months later, Brenda gives birth to the child of Billy\'s brother Zoltar, CJ and Mahalik resume their relationship, and President Harris is seen sleeping with a duck. James Earl Jones narrates mankind\'s victory through love – before being run over by a passing bus. Meanwhile, Tom appears on Oprah, crazy for attention. Ultimately, following various increasingly destructive antics: flipping, swinging, manically throwing Cindy off the stage with crazy love, breaking Oprah Winfrey\'s hands, hitting her with a chair and rushing towards the camera as the screen goes black.'] ["One night, an American special forces team invades Saddam Hussein's  palace and a nearby prison camp to rescue captured soldiers from Operation Desert Storm and to eliminate Saddam, but they find the Iraqis prepared for them, and the entire rescue team is captured. This failed operation turns out to be the latest in a series of rescue attempts which were foiled by the Iraqis, and consequently the advisors of President Benson  suspect sabotage in their own ranks. Colonel Walters  suggests to gain the aid of war hero Topper Harley  for the next mission, but Topper has retired from the Navy and become a Buddhist in a small Thai village. Walters and Michelle Huddleston , CIA, arrive and try to persuade him to come out of retirement in order to rescue the imprisoned soldiers and the previous rescue parties. Topper initially refuses, but when yet another rescue mission  goes awry, he agrees and parachutes into an Iraqi jungle with Harbinger  - the sole escapee of the rescue mission shown at the beginning of the film, whom Topper suspects to be the wanted saboteur -, Williams , and Rabinowitz , close to the heavily guarded hostage camp. Their contact turns out to be Topper's former love, Ramada , who guides them to a fishing boat that she prepared for their transportation. She and Topper reminisce, and he explains that she was married before she met him. When she was informed that her husband, Dexter , was still alive and a prisoner in Iraq, she volunteered to participate in his liberation, but was instructed to keep this strictly confidential, forcing her to break up with Topper just as they were ready to start a new life together . Topper's team proceeds to the prison camp disguised as river fishermen, but a confrontation with an Iraqi patrol boat thwarts them. When President Benson hears of the apparent failure of another mission, he takes matters into his own hands; however, Topper and his teammates reach the Iraqi hostage camp. In the course of the operation, the alarm is raised and a gunfight ensues, during whose course Topper finds out that Harbinger is not the saboteur, but has merely lost faith in fighting, and manages to remotivate him. After the prisoners are freed, Topper decides to rescue Dexter, who has been brought to Saddam's palace. While the squad evacuates the hostages, Topper enters Saddam's palace and runs into the dictator himself, who pulls out his machine pistol and commands Topper to surrender. Topper disarms Saddam, and they engage in a sword fight. President Benson arrives and orders Topper to rescue Dexter while Benson and Saddam continue the duel. Benson defeats Saddam by spraying him with a fire extinguisher, upon which he and his dog solidify, crack, and melt, only to subsequently combine and reform as Saddam with his dog's head fur, nose, and ears. In the meantime, Topper manages to find and liberate Dexter. The squad heads back to the army helicopter, where Ramada, after a complicated revelation involving unfounded jealousy, reveals and arrests Michelle as the saboteur who betrayed the previous rescue attempts to the Iraqis. Dexter arrives with Topper and insists on taking a picture of him and Ramada, but backs away too far and topples over a cliff. President Benson joins the escapees, and the evacuation team lifts off; Saddam is about to shoot down the chopper when Topper and Ramada get rid of extra weight in it by pushing a piano out the open door, which crushes him. Topper and Ramada kiss as they ride off into the sunset, although the chopper gets a little scorched from flying through the sun."] ['Benny Fikus decides to cash in on his business\' fire insurance by committing arson. Benny plans to have Sherman, who is in a mental hospital believing that World War II is still being fought, escape and burn down Benny\'s failing clothing store which he has made Sherman believe is a Nazi military headquarters. During a vacation trip with Marion, Benny has a heart attack, and his sons Ezra and Russel take over the store. The low self-esteemed Russell wants to expand the store and marry his girlfriend, while Ezra needs money to adopt an orphaned 6\'8" African-American teenage boy named Booker T . Ezra needs Booker T. to play on the high-school basketball team he coaches because he has won a total of two games in seven years as a coach and is in danger of losing his job. Russell discovers that his father is bankrupt, with his only asset being the surrender value on the store\'s fire insurance policy. Russell cashes in the policy and splits it with Ezra, using the money to buy more stock. Back at home, Benny is practically comatose after his heart attack. An "in denial" Marion is told by house painters helping with a home redecoration project that her husband is "very sick" which she interprets as Benny being already dead. She then decides to change redecoration plans to prepare for funeral services. Meanwhile, Sherman has escaped and is on his way to burn down the "Nazi Headquarters" . Benny recovers from his heart attack, and informs Russell that Sherman is on his way to burn down the store so they can collect the fire insurance that they no longer have. Hilarity ensues as Ezra has his wife run his basketball team while he and Russell attempt to stop Sherman from his quest to fight the Huns by any means necessary.'] ['The film, like the play, focuses on Rosencrantz and Guildenstern and their actions  within the play of Hamlet. The film begins as they travel on horseback to Elsinore, contemplating fate, memory and language. Rosencrantz finds and continually flips a coin which always comes up heads, causing Guildenstern to conclude that something is wrong with reality. They meet a travelling troupe of tragedians on the way, and during their conversation with the lead Player, they are mysteriously transported into the action of Hamlet at Elsinore. They wander around the castle, trying to catch up to the action and understand what is going on by listening to other parts of the play. They are asked by the Danish royal couple to stay awhile in order to help find out the cause of, and hopefully cure, Prince Hamlet\'s gloomy state. They spend their time outside the scenes in Hamlet trying to figure out what is wrong with the prince and what is required of them. The remainder of the play follows the Shakespearean drama whenever the two characters are "on stage," while the title heroes remain largely occupied with the futile hazards of daily life whenever the "main action" is elsewhere. Soon the very same theatre troupe arrives to play at court, as part of the Bard\'s tragedy. The Player simultaneously forbids them to stop watching their real play on the road, which cannot exist without an audience, and explains some of the plot and logic of conventional rules of plot-staging and -writing. Ultimately, they are sent to England and outside the action of the play again. The final part takes place on the ship to England, where they read the letter they are to deliver with Hamlet – discovering that it is an order for his death. They decide to pretend they never saw it. Hamlet replaces the letter, and  escapes on an attacking pirate ship. Rosencrantz and Guildenstern worry about what they are to do now that Hamlet is gone, unaware that Hamlet has altered the letter so that it calls for their death rather than his own. The Player finishes the action by reading the letter that sentences them to death, and both Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are hanged. The film ends with the tragedians packing up their cart and continuing on their way.'] ['{{Plot}} Austin Powers  is still enjoying his honeymoon with his wife—the former Vanessa Kensington . Unfortunately, something goes amiss, and it turns out that she is actually one of Dr. Evil’s kamikaze fembots who attempts to kill Austin after being malfunctioned by Austin\'s T.V. remote, but eventually self-destructs. He grieves briefly, but then proceeds to the lobby naked and celebrates being single again. . Meanwhile NATO’s monitoring facility in Guam observes the return of Dr. Evil  and informs British intelligence. At Dr. Evil’s Seattle headquarters, Dr. Evil is presented with a one-eighth-size clone of himself  whom he calls Mini-Me. Dr. Evil unveils his latest evil plan—he has developed a "time machine" to go back to the sixties and steal Austin’s mojo, a fluid inside his testicles which is the source of Austin\'s incredible sexual prowess and appeal. Dr. Evil and Mini-Me go back to 1969 and meet up with a younger Number Two  and  Frau Farbissina . A disgruntled “Scottish Guard” with unusual eating habits called Fat Bastard  has been hired to extract Austin’s mojo from his frozen body at the Ministry of Defence Cryo Chamber. British intelligence warns Austin that one of Dr Evil’s agents is after him, and during a photo shoot the wanton Ivana Humpalot  seduces him, but at the last moment she admits to her orders and claims he is too sexy for her to go through with killing him. They then proceed to have sex in his bed. Unfortunately they do not get far before he discovers that he has lost his mojo, and is therefore impotent. The MOD learns that Dr. Evil has developed a time machine and sends Austin back to 1969 with its own time travel device, in a convertible Volkswagen New Beetle painted with 1960s LSD-themed colours. Austin arrives back at a party in his London pad and with the assistance of a CIA agent, Felicity Shagwell , escapes another assassination attempt by two of Dr. Evil’s operatives. However, the two of them are chased by Mustafa , yet another of Dr. Evil\'s henchmen, and when caught he reveals the existence of a secret volcano lair , but is prevented from divulging its location because of Mini-Me shooting him in the neck with a dart. After examining photographs from the crime scene at MOD headquarters, Austin identifies Fat Bastard as the perpetrator of the theft of his mojo. At Dr. Evil’s secret volcano lair, Fat Bastard arrives with Austin’s mojo. Dr. Evil drinks some of it and engages in some “private time” with Frau Farbissina. This results in an awkward “sometime after” situation when Frau reveals that she is “late.” However, at the same moment Scott , Dr. Evil\'s son, arrives through the time portal. Dr. Evil announces his latest plan: to hold the United States — and the whole world — ransom by threatening to destroy Washington D.C., and then additional major cities each hour, using a giant "laser" on the moon. In London, Austin and Felicity get to know each other, and when Felicity tries to have sex with Austin, he regretfully turns her down because of his lost mojo. Under MOD instructions to implant a homing device into Fat Bastard, Felicity seduces him, allowing her to plant it in his buttocks. Unfortunately, Fat Bastard forces it out of his bowels into a Paddington Station toilet, but a stool sample  from the scene is analyzed to reveal traces of a rare vegetable that only grows on one Caribbean island. Austin and Felicity arrive on the island, but are immediately apprehended. They are put in a cell with a single guard who is overcome when Felicity shows off her breasts. Dr. Evil and Mini-Me leave for the moon to install the giant laser and are followed by Austin and Felicity, who hitch a ride on Apollo 11. In Dr. Evil’s moon base, Austin battles with Mini-Me, eventually flushing him into space. As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, Dr. Evil gives him a choice: save Felicity or the world. Felicity is locked in a chamber with poison gas. She tells him to save the world and he succeeds in doing so by kicking Frau, diverting it and saving Washington D.C. Unfortunately, Felicity is killed by the poison gas. He chases Dr. Evil and shoots him in the leg. Before Austin kills him however, Dr. Evil tells him he could use the "time machine" to go back in time to save Felicity and the world. Austin does and travels backwards ten minutes and meets up with himself to save both the world and Felicity. Foiled again, Dr. Evil initiates the self-destruction mechanism of the moon base and escapes in his rocket after throwing the bottle of Austin\'s mojo in the air. Both Austins try to catch it but bump into each other and it crashes on the floor, destroying his mojo. However, Felicity points out that all the things he has done show that he never really lost his mojo in the first place. With seconds to spare they escape through the time portal back to 1999. Back at Austin\'s Pad, Fat Bastard makes another attempt to assassinate Austin, but Felicity distracts him by asking him is he happy. After an emotional moment, he is snapped back into reality and Felicity disarms him and kicks him in the "Mommy and Daddy Button". Afterwards, they  have a party. Meanwhile, Dr. Evil recovers Mini-Me from space and once again vows to "get" Austin Powers. Later, on Jerry Springer, Scott learns he was not created in a test tube but is actually the love child of Dr. Evil and Frau Farbissina. During the credits, Austin is seen returning to his pad, only to hear Felicity having sex with another man. When he enters the room, he discovers that it is in fact the past Austin, who makes the claim that since he and Austin are the same person, it\'s not cheating. Austin, of course, forgives Felicity  As he discovers he\'s got his mojo back, both Austins then make their move on Felicity as the clip fades to the credits.'] ['At Game 6 of the 1977 World Series, Joe "Coop" Cooper catches Reggie Jackson\'s third home run in the stands and proclaims to his best friend, Doug Remer, that "One day, I\'m gonna be a big sports star." 16 years later, Coop  and Remer  are 23 and unemployed and about to have their gas shut off. They arrive uninvited at a party hosted by a former high school classmate of theirs. After finding out that their classmates have grown up and moved on with their lives, Coop and Remer find themselves outside drinking beer and shooting hoops on the driveway basketball court. There, two other former classmates challenge them to a game. The two see that their opponents are very good at basketball, so they say they will only play a new game they picked up "in the hood". Clearly making this new game up as they go, Coop originally proposes the game Horse, but changes it to basketball with baseball rules: shots made from different locations count as singles, doubles, triples, and home runs, and missed shots count as outs. During the challenger\'s first shot, Coop "psyches" him out to make him miss; this is another rule made up on the spot. A "psyche out" can be anything said or done that makes the offense lose their concentration and miss their shot. Essentially "BASEketball" is a hybrid of "Horse," "Around The World" and a lot of trash talking. Coop and Remer continue playing their new game, "BASEketball", and add a third member to their team, Kenny "Squeak" Scolari . Six months later, people come from miles around to watch them play the game they created against other neighborhood teams. Ted Denslow  shows up to propose creation of the National BASEketball League , with numerous rules in place to prevent the sport from deteriorating as other sports had done: teams cannot switch cities, players cannot be traded, and individuals cannot make money via corporate sponsorship deals. Five years after creation of the league, the NBL is in full swing with stadiums, teams, fans, and a major championship . During the 1997 championship, Denslow, who is the owner of the Milwaukee Beers for whom Coop and Remer both play, chokes on a hot dog and dies. Denslow\'s will grants Coop ownership of the Beers for one year; if they do not win the next Denslow Cup, ownership reverts to Denslow\'s widow Yvette . The owner of the Dallas Felons, Baxter Cain , wants to change the league rules to allow teams to move cities and players to switch teams, but could not accomplish this while Denslow was alive. Yvette would have been willing to comply had she been given ownership of the team, but Coop refuses to accept any of the proposed changes. Cain and Yvette work together to make sure the Beers will lose the next Denslow Cup and Yvette will win ownership of the team. In a private conversation at Cain\'s office, Cain tells Remer that Coop has said no to Cain\'s plans without talking to the other members of the Beers. Remer then goes to the Beers behind Coop\'s back and tells the team what he learned from Cain. After Remer and the other members of the Beers confront him, Coop agrees to split all decision making with Remer and the team. The team continues to agree that the rules should not be changed. Coop also seemingly enters into a relationship with Jenna, despite Remer\'s attempts to get between them. Cain cuts the funds to Jenna\'s foundation, forcing Coop and Remer to ask Cain for help. Cain suggests creating a clothing line and sending the proceeds to her foundation. Coop is entirely against it, but Remer, as part team owner, immediately agrees, and becomes so obsessed with his newfound fame that he alienates Coop. After they win the league semifinals, Cain informs Coop and Remer through photos that their clothing line has been produced through child labor in Calcutta. If the public learns about it, the team and Jenna\'s foundation will be ruined. Cain threatens to show the photos to the public unless Coop and Remer lose or skip the Denslow Cup game. Jenna learns about the child labor scandal and breaks it off with Coop. Coop blames Remer for the mess and they have a falling out, and Coop decides to go to Calcutta to resolve the situation. Coop replaces all the child workers in the factory with adult workers and makes it back just as the fifth annual Denslow Cup begins. The Beers start with an abysmal performance, failing to make one hit in six innings. At the seventh-inning stretch, the Beers are down 16&ndash;0. After a moving speech from Squeak, Coop and Remer reconcile their differences and Yvette breaks off her alliance with Cain. Coop, Remer, and Squeak finally get back into the game and start scoring. In the bottom of the ninth, Remer is on second, Squeak is on third, and Coop is up when his custom-made BASEketball  pops. Joey brings Coop a new custom-made BASEketball made from a Barcalounger. Coop misses, but successfully completes the conversion, which is considered a home run for the win and the Denslow Cup. He meets Reggie Jackson after the game, who wishes him luck in the next season. Coop and Jenna reunite while Remer hooks up with Yvette, as the team happily carries Squeak on the Denslow Cup.'] ['28-year-old slacker/cartoonist named Gordon "Gord" Brody is pursuing his ambition to obtain a contract for a TV show. He heads off for Hollywood, and subsequently gets a job in a cheese sandwich factory. He also goes to an animation studio looking for Mr. Davidson. He is told that he\'s out to lunch. Gord lies that he\'s a cop and that Mr. Davidson\'s wife died. He gets the name of the restaurant and quickly heads there to pitch his idea. After being told that his ideas are stupid and make no sense, he decides to move back home and rethink his future. When Gord\'s father, Jim, questions Gord\'s life goals, and then proceeds in a fit of rage to destroy Gord\'s half-pipe, which Gord has spent a whole year building , he subsequently gets even by having his father arrested on falsified charges of sexual molestation, destroying his parents\' relationship and his family\'s reputation in the process. Gord\'s mother, Julie, ends up dating Shaq. Gord and Jim end up sewing soccer balls in Kuwait after Gord finally gets a TV contract, based upon his family. The event that convinces Mr. Davidson to give Gord the contract is when Gord\'s Dad comes into the office during the interview acting psycho. Throughout the film, vignettes depict Gord\'s day-to-day activities, such as his sadomasochistic relationship with a paralyzed woman named Betty, and Gord\'s younger brother, Freddy\'s, attempts to "go straight" by going to work at a bank. However, he is later sent to a home for sexually-molested children wearing a shirt that says "No More Secrets."'] [" Two years after their escapade in Las Vegas, Stu Price, Phil Wenneck, Alan Garner and Doug Billings travel to Thailand to celebrate Stu's impending wedding to Lauren. Much to Alan's dismay, they are joined by Lauren's younger brother, Teddy. During Lauren's father's toast, he shows his disapproval of Stu by comparing him to congee. At the end of the night, Stu hesitantly joins Phil, Doug, Alan and Teddy for a beer. Sitting at a campfire and roasting marshmallows, the group toast to Stu and Lauren's future happiness. The following morning, Phil, Stu and Alan, along with flamboyant gangster Leslie Chow - whom Alan befriended after Las Vegas - and a chain-smoking capuchin monkey, awaken in a dirty hotel room in Bangkok. Stu has a face tattoo , and Alan's head is completely shaved. However, they cannot find Teddy, only discovering his severed finger. Chow begins recalling the events of the prior night, but he seemingly dies after snorting a line of cocaine. Panicked, the trio dispose of Chow's body in an ice box. Through a tip from Doug who is still at the resort, they go to a prison to pick up Teddy but are given a wheelchair-bound elderly Buddhist monk, who knows more about what happened, but does not reveal anything: he has taken a vow of silence, and rejects also an alternative such as writing something down. After finding a business card, they travel to a neighborhood smouldering in ruins. They enter a nearby tattoo parlor where Stu got his tattoo, and they learn that they had started a fight that escalated into a riot. The trio then return the monk to his Buddhist temple, where they are encouraged by the head monk to meditate. Alan is able to recall that they had been at a strip club. There, they learn that Stu had engaged in sex with a kathoey prostitute. Upon exiting, the trio is attacked by two Russian mobsters from whom they had stolen the monkey, and Phil is shot in the arm. After Phil is treated at a clinic, Alan confesses that he had drugged some of the marshmallows from the previous night with muscle relaxants and ADHD medication in order to sedate Teddy but accidentally mixed up the bags. After noticing an address and time point for a meeting written on Alan's stomach, the trio meet up with another gangster, Kingsley, who demands Chow's bank account code and password by the next morning in exchange for Teddy. They return to the hotel to try to find Chow's password, only to discover that he is still alive. They steal the monkey  back from the Russian mobsters through a violent car chase, during which the monkey is shot and injured. After taking the code and leaving the monkey at a veterinary clinic, the group complete the deal with Kingsley. Suddenly, Interpol agents appear and arrest Chow. Kingsley turns out to be an undercover agent, who tells the trio that the police had used the information that Teddy had disappeared to arrest Chow and Kingsley actually does not know where Teddy is. Desperate and out of clues, Phil once again calls Doug's wife Tracy. Stu then has an epiphany and the trio rushes back to the hotel and find Teddy in the elevator unharmed . Teddy had woken up in the middle of the night to get more ice for his severed finger  but became trapped after the power went out. The four use Chow's speedboat, the keys for which were in Teddy's pocket, to travel back to the wedding reception. Arriving on land just as Lauren's father is about to cancel the wedding, Stu makes a defiant speech where he rejects being boring and instead states that he is in fact quite wild. Impressed, Lauren's father gives the couple his blessing. After the wedding continues on, Alan presents Stu with a special gift at the post-reception dance: a musical guest performance by Mike Tyson. Teddy later discovers that he had taken many pictures during the night on his cell phone. The group, along with Tyson, agree to look at the pictures together once before erasing the evidence of their exploits once again."] ['"Joliet" Jake Blues  is released from prison after serving three years for armed robbery. Jake is irritated at being picked up by his brother Elwood  in the Bluesmobile, a battered former Mount Prospect police car, instead of the Cadillac the brothers used to own. The brothers visit their childhood home, a Roman Catholic orphanage, and learn that it is facing imminent closure unless $5,000 in property taxes is collected. The brothers visit an evangelical church service where Jake has an epiphany: they can legitimately raise the funds by re-forming their rhythm and blues band. Elwood runs a red light, and is pulled over by two Illinois State Police troopers who learn of his suspended license. When they attempt to arrest him, he speeds off, escaping through the Dixie Square Mall. As the brothers arrive at the flophouse where Elwood lives, a mystery woman  launches a bazooka attack that leaves them unharmed. The next morning, she detonates a bomb that demolishes the building, which fails to injure the brothers, but saves them from being arrested. Jake and Elwood begin tracking down members of the band. Trombonist Tom "Bones" Malone and the rhythm section, ([[Willie Hall , are playing in a nearly empty Holiday Inn lounge, and are easily persuaded to rejoin. Trumpeter "Mr. Fabulous", now Maître d’ at the fancy Chez Paul restaurant, is harder to sway, but Jake and Elwood convince him by engaging in rude behavior and promising to continue until he agrees. En route to meet saxophonist "Blue Lou" Marini and guitarist Matt "Guitar" Murphy, the brothers drive through a rally of "Illinois Nazis", adding another enemy to the brothers\' growing list. Marini and Murphy are at the soul food restaurant on Maxwell Street which Murphy owns with his wife . Against her advice, the two musicians leave and rejoin the band. The reunited group get instruments and equipment from Ray\'s Music Exchange . Jake is unable to book a gig in advance, but the band stumbles into a gig at Bob\'s Country Bunker, a country bar. After a rocky start, the band wins over the bottle-tossing crowd. At the end of the evening, however, not only is their bar tab greater than the pay for the gig, but the brothers infuriate the band that was actually meant to play, the Good Ol\' Boys. The Blues Brothers blackmail their old booking agent  into securing a gig for them&mdash;a performance at the Palace Hotel Ballroom, located 106 miles  north of Chicago. After being driven all over the area promoting the concert, the Bluesmobile runs out of gas, making Jake and Elwood late for the concert. The ballroom is packed, and the concert-goers are joined by the Good Ol\' Boys and scores of police officers. Jake and Elwood sneak into the venue and perform two songs. A record company executive offers them a cash advance on a recording contract, more than enough to pay off the orphanage\'s taxes and Ray\'s IOU, and tells the brothers how to slip out unnoticed. As the brothers escape via a service tunnel, they are confronted by the mystery woman, whereupon it is revealed she is Jake\'s ex-fiancée. She fires an M16 rifle at them, but Jake charms her, allowing the two brothers to escape to the Bluesmobile. They head back to Chicago with dozens of state/local police and the Good Ol\' Boys in pursuit. Jake and Elwood eventually elude them all, leaving piled-up police cars in their wake. After a gravity-defying escape from the Illinois Nazis, Jake and Elwood arrive at the Richard J. Daley Center, where the Bluesmobile literally falls to pieces. They rush inside the adjacent Chicago City Hall building, soon followed by hundreds of police, state troopers, SWAT teams, firefighters, Illinois National Guardsmen, and the Military Police. Finding the office of the Cook County Assessor, the brothers pay the tax bill. Just as their receipt is stamped, they are arrested by a large crowd of armed law officers. Jake, Elwood, and the rest of the band are sent to prison where they play "Jailhouse Rock" for fellow inmates.'] ['Yvan , a used car salesman, comes home late one evening to his house in the Belgian countryside. He discovers that a burglar  has just broken into his house and is hiding under his bed. When the burglar tries to escape, Yvan knocks him over by throwing a metal pipe at him. Upon confronting him, he discovers that the burglar is a young man in need of money to fuel his drug addiction. Yvan decides to help this young man, who says his names is Elie, by not turning him over to the police and by giving him a little money for the road. Finally, out of pity and remembering his own brother who had died of an overdose, Yvan decides to drive Elie, at his request, to the home of his parents in southern Belgium. Thus begins a journey across Wallonia, on which they face unsettling encounters with random people and humorous situations.'] ['Napoleon Dynamite is a high school student from Preston, Idaho who lives with his grandmother, his older brother Kip, and their pet llama, Tina. Kip, 32, is currently unemployed and boasts of spending hours in Internet chat rooms with "babes", like Lafawnduh and training to be a cage fighter; their grandmother leads a secret life involving mysterious boyfriends and quad-biking in the desert. Napoleon daydreams his way through school, doodling ligers and fantasy creatures, while reluctantly dealing with the assorted bullies who frequently torment him. To make himself appear more interesting and dangerous than he is, Napoleon frequently makes up fantastic stories about himself and responds to being questioned with unprovoked anger. Napoleon\'s grandmother breaks her coccyx in a quad-bike accident and, believing her grandsons cannot be trusted to look after themselves, asks their Uncle Rico to look after them while she recovers. Rico, a middle-aged former athlete who lives in a campervan, uses the opportunity to team up with Kip in a get-rich-quick scheme to sell various items door-to-door. Kip wants money to visit his Internet girlfriend LaFawnduh, while Rico believes riches will help him get over his failed dreams of NFL stardom and the loss of his girlfriend. Napoleon becomes friends with two students at his school: Deb, a shy girl who runs various small businesses to finance her college career; and Pedro, a transfer student from Ciudad Juárez. The three quickly develop a close friendship as the school\'s outcasts. Inspired by a poster at the school dance, Pedro decides to run for class president, pitting him against Summer Wheatley, a popular yet arrogant girl at the school. Rico and Kip\'s scheme causes friction with Napoleon, when Rico begins spreading embarrassing rumors about Napoleon in order to generate sympathy in his customers. Tensions finally come to a head after Rico tries to sell Deb an "herbal breast-enhancement product", claiming it was Napoleon\'s suggestion, which causes her to end her friendship with Napoleon. Rico is ultimately beaten up by the town\'s martial arts instructor after the instructor mistakenly believes that Rico is making advances on his wife. Kip, meanwhile, raises the money to pay for LaFawnduh to visit him from Detroit. She gives Kip a makeover, outfitting him in hip hop regalia, and the two leave together to return to Michigan. On the day of the class president elections, Pedro gives an unimpressive speech before the student body. Sensing his friend is in trouble, Napoleon instructs the sound engineer to play a tape he received from the visiting LaFawnduh. Napoleon runs onstage, where he performs an elaborate dance routine to "Canned Heat" by Jamiroquai. The routine receives a standing ovation from everyone except for Summer and her boyfriend. The film ends with the main characters receiving a happy ending: Pedro becomes the class president, Rico is reunited with his estranged girlfriend, Grandma returns from the hospital, and Napoleon and Deb make up and play tetherball. In a post-credits scene, Kip and LaFawnduh are married in an outdoor ceremony in Preston. Napoleon, absent for the vows, arrives riding a horse, claiming that it is a "wild honeymoon stallion" that he has tamed himself. After Deb photographs the new couple, Kip and LaFawnduh ride into the sunset.'] [' An eastern cult  is about to sacrifice a woman to the goddess \'Kaili{{Disambiguation needed|dateIntermissionPart TwoPart Three: Later That Evening Ringo lies nervously on Paul\'s bed, waiting for the injection. But before Ahme can proceed, the gang starts to pound on the doors. Startled, Ahme drops the needle into Paul\'s leg and he shrinks instead. Cutting from "The Exciting Adventure of Paul on The Floor", the thugs break into the room and a fight ensues. Ahme flees. Ringo is doused with red paint , thus ruining his best suit and causing him to cry and a swordsman approaches. Foot comes in, shoots a warning shot with his Webley and scares the man away. The gang retreats and Foot makes his attempt to take the ring. Paul unshrinks and John subsequently starts to swing a lamp at Foot who tries to shoot him, but his gun misfires. Blaming this on the fact that the gun is British made, Foot retreats. The boys are left to sort things out. The band flees to the Austrian Alps for refuge but both thugs and Foot follow in pursuit. As the Beatles participate in a game of curling, Foot and Algernon booby trap one of the curling stones with a bomb. George sees the "fiendish thingy" and tells everyone to run. The bomb eventually goes off after a delay, creating a big hole in the ice in which a swimmer  emerges and asks directions to the White Cliffs of Dover. Next, Swami skis down a slope that Ahme told him was the way to get to further pursue the Beatles, but turns out to be the take-off ramp for a Ski jumping contest. Swami is the winner, and inadvertently gets held up by receiving a gold medal. The group escapes back to England and they ask for "protection" from Scotland Yard; and get it in the form of a cowardly Inspector . After being attacked while recording in the middle of Salisbury Plain surrounded by the British Army, they hide in "A Well Known Palace"  until they are almost captured by Foot. The group step into a small pub, where Swami appears to be working. After being served beer, Ringo cannot pick his glass up from the table, so George tips it over, unknowingly opening a trapdoor to the cellar that Swami set up. Inside the cellar is a broken ladder and a tiger. They go summon the Inspector, who tells them to sing the "Ode to Joy" from Beethoven\'s 9th Symphony to the tiger in order to tame it, while everyone outside the pub hear the melody, and join in. Disguised, the Beatles take a plane to the Bahamas, followed by Scotland Yard officers, Foot and Clang. After Ringo is nearly captured, the other Beatles pose as him in order to lure the cult members, who are then arrested by the Bahamas Police. Despite their best efforts, Ringo is captured by Foot, who takes him on to a ship intending to cut off his finger to get the ring. Ahme rescues Ringo by giving Foot the same orchid essence shrinking solution in exchange. The two try to escape the ship by jumping into the water, however Ringo cannot swim. They are captured by the cult and tied down on the beach where they are surrounded by two battalions of Kukhri Rifles. Clang begins the ceremony to sacrifice Ringo, after telling him that the cult members are prepared to attack the rest of the Beatles and police when they come to the rescue and that if Ringo attempts to warn them he will die instantly. Ringo manages to untie himself and tries to wave to his band mates to warn them away. With this act of courage, the ring falls from his finger. He puts the ring on Clang\'s hand, saying "Get sacrificed! I don\'t subscribe to your religion!" Ahme declares that Clang will be the next sacrifice, as he is wearing the ring. The movie ends with "Help!" playing one last time and everyone running around. Clang manages to remove the ring and gives it to Foot and Algernon. They, however, leave the ring in the sand while the police rush about arresting the cult while The Beatles playfully run around; the ring ends up on Bhuta\'s finger and he becomes the target for sacrifice; meanwhile, Mal Evans swims toward the beach and once again, asks for directions to the White Cliffs of Dover. The movie ends with a dedication to "Elias Howe, who, in 1846, invented the sewing machine". The credits feature the characters acting up in front of the camera, with the jewel of the ring being placed in front of the lens. The music playing during the credits is the Overture of The Barber of Seville by Gioachino Rossini, with The Beatles adding their own laughing and comments.'] ['Wayne Campbell ([[Mike Myers  and Garth Algar  are the hosts of Wayne\'s World, a local Friday late-night cable access program based in Aurora, Illinois, where they ogle pictures of beautiful celebrity women, play guitar and air drums, and interview local people, indirectly making fun of them over the course of the interview. The program is popular with local viewers. One day Benjamin Kane , a television station executive, is visiting a girlfriend  who turns the TV to the show. When she tells him how many people watch the show, he instructs his producer Russell Finley  to find out where the show is taped, telling him they may have an opportunity for a huge sponsorship. Benjamin shows up next week in Wayne\'s basement and introduces himself after the show ends. He offers to buy the rights to the show for $10,000  and to keep Wayne and Garth on for what he describes as a "huge" salary. Garth then covertly speaks to the audience, sensing he has a bad feeling that Wayne is selling out, but he is too shy to confront Wayne about it. Following the purchase of the show, it is quickly "reinvented", complete with a weekly interview guaranteed to Noah Vanderhoff , the show\'s sponsor. The first reinvented show is also their last, as Wayne holds up a series of cards with questions on the front and, unknowingly to Vanderhoff, insulting phrases on the back such as "Sphincter Boy" , "He blows goats...I have proof" and "This man has no penis", prompting Benjamin to call Wayne up to the control booth and fire him on the spot. At the same time, Wayne\'s blossoming relationship with hard rock vocalist and bassist Cassandra , the frontwoman of a band named Crucial Taunt, leads to a rift forming between Wayne and Garth. It erupts when Wayne walks out on the show after getting fired for writing rude comments and gestures on the back of some cue cards, leaving Garth to a bout of stage fright for the rest of the show. The two separate, but later make up after Wayne breaks up with Cassandra following an argument between them over Benjamin. While making up with Garth, Wayne remembers a limo belonging to record executive Frankie Sharp  outside an Alice Cooper concert in Milwaukee. He also remembers that a security guard at the concert  said that Sharp would be riding through Chicago later that day and forms a plan with Garth to get her back. With everyone in the donut shop helping, Wayne is able to convince Cassandra, who is at a video shoot directed by Benjamin, to leave the shoot with the band and head back to Aurora with him to perform on the show. Garth, meanwhile, hacks into a satellite system and is able to route the signal from the broadcast into the television set in Sharp\'s limo. In the meantime, the police keep Benjamin at bay and leave him unable to enter the house until the show\'s over. Nearing the end of Cassandra\'s song, Frankie Sharp and Benjamin enter the basement. Once the song is finished, Frankie says to Cassandra that it is the wrong time to sign her band, causing her to become infuriated with Wayne. Wayne is called small-time by Benjamin just before he leaves with Cassandra, and Wayne\'s crazy ex-girlfriend Stacy  comes in to announce to Wayne that she is pregnant. Suddenly, an electrical fire starts from the broadcasting equipment and consumes the house. While Wayne walks out of the burned-down house with an injured Garth, Cassandra lies in paradise with Benjamin. Wayne and Garth then decide they don\'t like that ending, and decide to do the "Scooby-Doo ending" instead. Wayne then pulls off Benjamin\'s face, revealing that he is actually Old Man Withers, who then remarks, true to Scooby-Doo form, "And I would have gotten away with it, too, if it hadn\'t been for you snooping kids!" After this, Garth imitates Scooby-Doo by saying "Good One, Shaggy." Wayne and Garth then decide to do the "mega happy ending", where Frankie gives Cassandra a six album record deal, Wayne and Cassandra kiss, Russell and the crew member who keeps saying "I love you" get together, while he announces how he discovered that "platonic love can exist between two grown men", Noah is glad people are seeing him in a new light after he started sponsoring Wayne\'s World, Benjamin realizes being successful doesn\'t get you everything, and Garth finally gets his dream girl .'] ['Zed  is a hunter and Oh  is a gatherer. After being informed that Zed ate from the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil, the shaman  and Marlak  banish him from the tribe. After Zed burns down the village by accident Oh decides to go with Zed on his journey to discover all the world has to offer. Along the way, they encounter Cain and Abel . Cain kills Abel and informs Zed and Oh that they must escape with him or else be accused of killing Abel. Afterwards, Zed and Oh find that the girls they want to "lay with", Maya  and Eema , from their former tribe have been captured and are being sold into slavery. They try to buy the girls\' freedom, but Cain ends up selling Zed and Oh. While being taken to a village by the owner with all the other slaves from their tribe, Sodomites attack and take the slaves prisoner, though Zed and Oh escape and hide in the desert, watching the Sodomites. The next morning, Zed and Oh discover that the Sodomites have left with the slaves. They head off to save the slaves. They come to a mountain and find Abraham  about to kill his son Isaac . Zed stops them, claiming that the Lord sent him to do so. Abraham takes them to his Hebrew village and tells them about the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah. Zed and Oh head off for Sodom after Abraham decides to circumcise them. As they arrive in Sodom, they are captured. Cain, now a Sodomite soldier, saves them from being sodomized, calling them "his brothers." The two recalled that they were sold by Cain as slaves and Cain apologizes and offers them food. While being given a tour of the city by Cain, Zed and Oh are offered by Cain to become guards. Shortly after they become guards and are patrolling the city they see the princess Inanna , who is fasting because she feels guilty that most of the city is starving. That night, at a party, Zed is invited by the princess to talk with her. Inside the palace, Zed sees Maya and Eema serving as slaves, while Oh is forced to follow the very effeminate high priest around the palace. Zed meets Princess Inanna and she asks him to enter the Holy of Holies and tell her what it is like, thinking that Zed is the "Chosen One." Inside the temple, Zed encounters Oh, who is hiding from the high priest . There, they get into a heated argument and are then imprisoned for going inside the temple. The two are sentenced to be stoned to death but Zed convinces the Sodomites to have mercy, so they are instead sentenced to hard labor until they die from work. The king then announces that he will be sacrificing his daughter and two virgins  as a gift to the gods. Zed interrupts the ceremony, claiming he is the "Chosen One." A riot starts, Oh saves Eema and Abraham arrives with the Hebrews to overthrow the king. Oh and Eema lay with each other inside the palace, which not only consummates their relationship, but also means that Eema cannot be sacrificed. They then come out to help Zed fight the soldiers . The crowd kills all the leaders and proclaim Zed as the Leader being the "Chosen One". Zed turns this down, letting Inanna rule, and instead becomes an explorer with Maya. Oh becomes the leader of the village where the whole adventure started. The two say their goodbyes and head their separate ways.'] ['The film takes place in 2000 in the fictional town of Spurbury, Vermont, near the Canadian border. The plot centers on five Vermont State Troopers who seem to have more of a knack for pranks than actual police work. The experienced Troopers, Thorn, Mac, and Foster, spend most of their time devising new ways of messing with the heads of the people they pull over and hazing the new recruit, "Rabbit". They also find time to torment their easily infuriated radio dispatcher, Rodney Farva, who has been removed from patrol work because he was involved in a fight with several students during a  traffic stop of a schoolbus . Their days of pranking and slacking off are cut short when the Troopers suddenly find their post and their jobs threatened by the state\'s impending budget cuts. The troopers have an ongoing rivalry with the local Spurbury Police Department. They repeatedly enter conflicts with them; one such dispute breaks out into an all-out fistfight, further increasing the station\'s chances of being shut down. Their chances to keep their station improve when they uncover a possible drug smuggling ring. When they suspect a connection to a murder investigation by the local police, State Trooper Captain O\'Hagan ([[Brian Cox  tries to get Spurbury Police Chief Grady to cooperate, but Grady wants the trooper station shut down so his department can have a bigger budget. Foster secretly develops a relationship with Ursula, the Spurbury Police dispatcher, and together they find a stash of confiscated marijuana hidden in the Spurbury impound. Ursula suggests stealing the marijuana from the impound and showing it to the Governor  during a banquet so they can convince her to keep the trooper station open. However, Grady foils their plan by showing the marijuana to the Governor himself during the banquet, putting Foster and Ursula at odds with each other when Foster suspects that Ursula leaked the plan to Grady. The now-unemployed troopers learn that it was Farva, not Ursula, who informed Grady in exchange for a transfer to the local police. Farva\'s motivation arose from his constant belittlement by the other troopers, but he relents and wants to make amends. The troopers learn that the Spurbury Police runs protection for the drug smuggling ring. The former troopers and Ursula expose the corrupt policemen and smugglers and bring them to justice. Unfortunately their actions are not enough to earn reinstatement of their trooper unit because of the budget cuts. Three months later, Thorn and Rabbit are working as beer delivery men. They go to a house party run by a group of college kids whom they had previously arrested for marijuana possession. The underage college kids are at first panicked to see them, but begin vengefully tormenting them when they realize they are no longer state troopers. Thorn and Rabbit then take off their delivery clothes to reveal they are actually Spurbury Police officers, having replaced their corrupt predecessors, and are now free to continue their shenanigans, much to the college kids\' discomfort.'] ['{{Cleanup-rewrite}} The film begins at Flemner Air Base 20 years prior. A pilot named Leland "Buzz" Harley  loses control of his plane and ejects, leaving his co-pilot Dominic "Mailman" Farnum  to crash alone; although Mailman survives, he\'s mistaken for a deer owing to the branches stuck to his helmet and is shot by a hunter. Topper Harley  wakes up from a nightmare he\'s having about the event when Lt. Commander Block  asks him to return to active duty as a pilot in the U.S. Navy, to help on a new top secret mission: Operation Sleepy Weasel. Harley starts to show some psychological problems, especially when his father is mentioned. His therapist, Ramada , tries to keep Topper from flying, but he relents, and also starts to build a budding romance with her. Meanwhile, Topper gets into a rivalry with another fighter pilot, Kent Gregory , who hates Topper because of the loss of his father "Mailman" to Buzz Harley, and believes Topper may do the same to him. Meanwhile, Block starts privately meeting with an airplane tycoon, Mr. Wilson, who has recently built a new "Super Fighter" that will make the American pilots superior. Block reveals that he brought back Topper for the reason of making Sleepy Weasel fail. Block would then report that it was the Navy\'s planes that were the real reason for the mission failure and that they need to be replaced with Wilson\'s planes. During one of the last training missions, an unfortunate accident between Pete "Dead Meat" Thompson ([[William O\'Leary  and Jim "Wash-Out" Pfaffenbach  occurs, leaving Dead Meat dead and Wash Out reassigned to radar operator. Block believes this is enough to convince the Navy to buy new fighters, but Wilson brushes it aside as a "minor incident," and the planes need to fail in combat to take notice. Meanwhile, Topper starts to show more and more feelings to Ramada, but she is also smitten with Gregory, who believes Topper cannot handle combat pressure. On the carrier U.S.S. Essess, Block reveals the mission to be an attack of an Iraqi nuclear plant and assigns Topper to lead the mission, much to Gregory\'s chagrin. Meanwhile, Wilson, who is also on board, coerces a crew member to sabotage the planes, putting the pilots\' lives at risk. At first, the mission goes according to Block\'s plan. He mentions Buzz Harley to Topper, who becomes overcome with emotion and unable to lead the mission. Block just starts to call out for the mission to be aborted when Iraqi fighters attack the squadron. All the planes\' weapons fail and Block realizes what has happened. He then tells Topper that he saw what really happened with Buzz and Mailman, that Buzz tried to do everything possible to save Mailman, but ended up falling out of the plane, failing in his attempts. Inspired, Topper single-handedly beats the Iraqi fighters and bombs the nuclear plant, despite sustaining heavy damage. Back aboard ship, Block decides that American planes will always be superior with pilots like Topper . Wilson\'s plan is revealed and his standing with the military is lost. Back in port, Gregory accepts Topper as a great pilot and lets Ramada be with Topper and the two begin a loving new relationship.'] [' Celebrating his impending marriage to Tracy Garner, Doug Billings and his friends Phil Wenneck, Stu Price, and Tracy\'s brother Alan travel to Las Vegas for a bachelor party, staying at Caesars Palace. The next morning, Phil, Stu and Alan awaken to find they have no memory of the previous night and Doug is nowhere to be found. Stu is missing a tooth, their hotel suite is in disarray, a tiger is in their bathroom, and a baby is in the closet. They find Doug\'s mattress impaled on a statue outside of their hotel and when they ask for their Mercedes, the valet delivers a police cruiser. Following clues to their steps, the trio travel to a hospital where they discover they were drugged with rohypnol, causing their memory loss, and that they came to the hospital from a chapel. At the chapel they learn that Stu married a stripper, Jade, despite having a long-term relationship with his mean-spirited girlfriend, Melissa. Outside the chapel, the trio are attacked by gangsters saying they are looking for someone. They flee and visit Jade, discovering that she is the mother of the baby, before being arrested by the police. Having been told that the Mercedes has been impounded, the trio is released when they volunteer to be targets for a taser demonstration. While driving the Mercedes, they discover a naked man in the trunk who attacks them and flees. Alan confesses that he drugged their drinks to ensure they had a good night, thinking the drug to be ecstasy. Returning to their villa, they find Mike Tyson, who orders the trio to return the tiger to his mansion immediately. Stu drugs the tiger with the remaining rohypnol and they drive towards Tyson\'s home in the Mercedes, but the tiger attacks them and damages the car\'s interior. After pushing the car the rest of the way to avoid the tiger, Tyson shows the trio footage of them stealing the tiger to help them locate Doug. While driving, their car is struck by another vehicle intentionally; the passengers are revealed to be the gangsters from the chapel and their boss, Leslie Chow – the naked man from their trunk – who accuses the trio of stealing $80,000 of his money and kidnapping him. Chow says he has their friend, and threatens to kill him if his money is not returned. Unaware of the location of Chow\'s $80,000, Alan, with help from Stu and Jade, uses his knowledge of card counting to win $82,400 playing Blackjack. They meet with Chow and exchange the money, only to find that "Doug" is the drug dealer who inadvertently sold Alan the roofies. With the wedding occurring in hours, Phil tells Tracy they cannot find Doug. Following a conversation with "Black Doug", Stu realizes where Doug is. The trio travel back to their hotel where they find Doug on the roof, moved there on his mattress while he was asleep, as a practical joke by Stu, Phil and Alan. Before leaving, Stu makes arrangements to go on a date with Jade the following week. With less than four hours before the wedding and with no flights available, the foursome race home, with Doug revealing he has possession of Chow\'s original $80,000. Despite their late arrival, Doug and Tracy are married and Stu breaks up with Melissa after having grown tired of her controlling his life. As the reception ends, Alan finds Stu\'s digital camera detailing the events they cannot remember and the four agree to look at the pictures together before deleting the evidence of their exploits.'] ['The film opens with a montage of news clips of Civil Rights Movement and Vietnam War protests while The Lennon Sisters cover of "My Favorite Things" plays over them, before cutting to Raoul Duke  and Dr. Gonzo  speeding across the Nevada desert. Duke, under the influence of mescaline, complains of a swarm of giant bats, before going through the pair\'s inventory of psychoactive drugs. Shortly afterward, the duo stop to pick up a young hitchhiker , and explain what they are doing. Duke has been assigned by an unnamed magazine to travel to Las Vegas and cover the Mint 400 motorcycle race. However, they have also decided to take advantage of the trip by purchasing a large number of drugs, and rent a Cadillac Eldorado convertible. The young man soon becomes terrified of the antics of the duo, and flees on foot. Trying to reach Vegas before the hitchhiker can go to the police, Gonzo gives Duke a tab of "Sunshine Acid", then informs him that there is little chance of making it before the drug kicks in. By the time they reach the strip, Duke is in full throes of his trip, and barely makes it through the check-in; all the while hallucinating that the hotel clerk is a moray eel, and that his fellow bar patrons are lizards in the depths of an orgy. The next day, Duke arrives at the race, and heads out with his photographer, a man by the name of Lacerda . During the coverage, Duke becomes irrational and believes that they are in the middle of a battlefield, so he fires Lacerda, and returns to the hotel. After consuming more mescaline, as well as huffing diethyl ether, Duke and Gonzo arrive at the Bazooko Circus casino, but leave shortly afterwards, the chaotic atmosphere frightening Gonzo. Back in the hotel room, Duke leaves Gonzo unattended, and tries his luck at a quick round of roulette. When Duke returns, he finds that Gonzo, after consuming a full sheet of LSD, has trashed the room, and is sitting fully clothed in the bathtub, attempting to pull the tape player in with him, as he wants to hear the song better. He pleads with Duke to throw the machine into the water when the song "White Rabbit" peaks. Duke agrees, but instead throws a grapefruit at Gonzo\'s head before running outside. The next morning, Duke awakes to a massive room service bill, and no sign of Gonzo , and attempts to leave town. As he nears Baker, California, a highway patrolman  pulls him over for speeding, and advises him to sleep at a nearby rest stop. Realizing that he is being set up, Duke instead decides to return to Las Vegas, and reads a telegram from Gonzo, informing him that he has a suite in his name at the Flamingo Las Vegas so he can cover a District Attorney\'s convention on narcotics. Duke checks into his suite, only to be met by an LSD-tripping Gonzo, and a young girl by the name of Lucy  he has brought with him. Gonzo explains that Lucy has come to Las Vegas to meet Barbra Streisand, and that he fed her LSD on the plane without her knowing. Sensing the trouble this could get them into, Duke convinces Gonzo to ditch Lucy in another hotel before her trip wears off. Gonzo accompanies Duke to the D.A.\'s convention, and the pair discreetly snort cocaine as the guest speaker delivers a comically out-of-touch speech about "marijuana addicts" before showing a brief film. Unable to take it, Duke and Gonzo flee back to their room, only to discover that Lucy has called. Their trips mostly over, Gonzo deals with Lucy over the phone , as Duke attempts to mellow out by trying some of Gonzo\'s stash of adrenochrome. However, the trip spirals out of control, and Duke is reduced to an incoherent mess before he blacks out. After an unspecified amount of time passes, Duke wakes up to a complete ruin of the once pristine suite. After discovering his tape recorder, he attempts to remember what has happened. As he listens, he has brief memories of the general mayhem that has taken place . Duke drops Gonzo off at the airport, after missing the entrance, driving across the tarmac and pulling up right next to the plane, before returning to the hotel one last time to finish his article. The film ends with Duke speeding back to California as The Rolling Stones\' "Jumpin\' Jack Flash" plays over the credits.'] ['Ignacio is the son of a Scandinavian Lutheran missionary and a Mexican deacon. They tried to convert each other but got married instead, then died while Ignacio was young. Now Ignacio is a cook for the monastery. However, he dreams of becoming a luchador ; but wrestling is forbidden by the monastery. Ignacio cares deeply for the orphans, but his food is terrible due to a lack of funds with which to obtain quality ingredients. One night, he is robbed of the orphans\' tortilla chips in an alley, and decides to make money to buy better food. He also reveals a desire to be respected by the other friars, to overcome a sanctimonious friar who mistreats him, and consummate his feelings for the newly arrived tutor, Sister Encarnación. Ignacio decides to disregard the monastery\'s rules and becomes a Luchador in order to make money. He pairs up with the tortilla chip thief, Steven, and they pair as tag partners and join the local competition, with Ignacio changing his name to "Nacho" to keep his identity secret. Steven adopts the name "Esqueleto" ; Nacho and Esqueleto are defeated in their first match, but are nevertheless paid, as every wrestler is entitled to a portion of the total revenue, and they continue to wrestle every week, with Ignacio using his pay to buy and prepare better food for the orphans. Ignacio is, however, discovered by an orphan named "Chancho" , who promises to keep it a secret and admires him for it. However, after losing many fights, Ignacio starts to look for help. Steven brings him to a gypsy-like man known as "Emperor" who tells Ignacio to climb to an eagle\'s nest, crack open the egg, and swallow the yolk, claiming that he will gain the powers of an eagle. Ignacio completes the task, but still loses the following night\'s wrestling bout. He decides to seek advice from Ramses, a champion luchador. However, when he sneaks into a party and gets thrown out, and later when Ramses shoves him after meeting him in the street, he realizes Ramses is not to be admired. But to be hated. Ignacio\'s secret is revealed when his robe catches fire during a prayer, exposing his wrestling costume. He admits that he is Nacho, intends to fight at the "Battle-Jam", a battle royale between eight luchadores, for the right to take on Ramses, and for a cash prize, which he will use to make life better for the orphans. Thereafter both Esqueleto and Nacho compete with several other popular wrestlers in order to earn the right to challenge Ramses. The wrestler Silencio  wins; Nacho, due to the actions of an already beaten wrestler, comes in second place. Feeling shunned at the monastery, Ignacio leaves to live in the nearby wilderness. In the morning, Steven comes to tell him that Silencio\'s bunions are swollen and therefore cannot fight Ramses; he will, therefore, have to fight instead. It is revealed that Silencio\'s injury was caused because Steven had driven over his foot with a tricycle. Ignacio is distrustful of Steven, as he had previously stated that he hated orphans. Steven convinces him that he no longer does. Ignacio agrees to team up again. That night, Ignacio sends a message via Steven to Encarnación, explaining his plan and confessing his love to her . In the match, Nacho does well despite initial difficulty. With the crowd supporting Ignacio, Ramses resorts to cheating. Nacho then is nearly defeated - indeed, unmasked - by Ramses. . Encarnación then enters with the orphans. Elated and inspired, Nacho throws Ramses off, knocks him out of the ring, and jumps onto him with a flair recalling his earlier brush with eagle eggs and their supposed power. Ramses is defeated and Ignacio uses his prize money to buy a bus for field trips for the children. The film closes with Ignacio, Steven, and Sister Encarnación take the children to see an ancient city, Monte Albán, built by the Zapotec civilization. Ignacio, by now, has earned Encarnación\'s favor, as demonstrated by her signs of encouragement and his somewhat awkward acknowledgment thereof.'] ['In the near future, the moon has been colonized and supports a station on its surface. A lunar shuttle known as Mayflower One is being rushed to launch from Houston. The head of the ground crew, The Sarge , does not like what is occurring, but he defers to the airline\'s management. On the flight crew are Captain Clarence Oveur , First Officer Dunn  and Navigator Dave Unger . Also on-board is computer officer Elaine Dickinson , who was a flight attendant in the first movie. Elaine has long since left Ted Striker  and is now engaged to one of the flight crew, Simon Kurtz . Striker has in the meantime been committed to an insane asylum, as he was declared mentally incompetent in a lawsuit following a test flight that Ted piloted and in which the lunar shuttle crashed. Striker believes that the lawsuit was used to silence him, because he knew there were problems with the lunar shuttle that made it unsafe, and he is once more haunted by his actions in "The War", specifically the events that took place over "Macho Grande", where he lost his entire squadron. When Striker reads of the upcoming Lunar Shuttle launch, he escapes the asylum and buys a ticket for the flight. During the flight, Mayflower One suffers a short circuit, causing the artificially intelligent computer ROC to go insane and send the ship toward the sun. Unger and Dunn try to deactivate the computer, but are blown out of an airlock. Oveur tries to stop ROC, but the computer gasses him. Kurtz abandons Elaine and leaves in the only escape pod. Once again Striker is called upon to save the day, but first he has to figure out how to make the computer relinquish control. Steven McCroskey , the air traffic controller, reveals that a passenger named Joe Seluchi  had boarded Mayflower One with a bomb in a briefcase, intending to commit suicide so that his wife can collect on insurance money. Striker manages to wrestle the bomb from Seluchi and uses it to blow up ROC and set course for the moon as originally intended. Using the bomb to destroy the computer causes collateral damage to the shuttle, meaning the flight is not out of danger yet. On the way to the Moon, control of the flight is shifted to a lunar base, commanded by Cmdr. Buck Murdock . He has a high level of contempt for Striker because of Macho Grande, but agrees to help anyway. They manage to land the craft on the moon. Ted and Elaine fall back in love and are married at the end. After the wedding, Seluchi looks into the cockpit and asks for his briefcase back. A post credits scene shows a screen that says "From Paramount Pictures: "Airplane III"". Murdock is then seen saying "That\'s exactly what they\'ll be expecting us to do!"'] ['Jerri Blank , a 46-year-old former high school dropout and self-described "junkie whore", is released from prison and returns to her childhood home. She discovers her mother has died, her father, Guy , has remarried to the hateful Sara Blank , and she has an arrogant half-brother Derrick ([[Joseph Cross . To make matters worse, her father is in a "stress-induced coma". Taking the suggestion of the family doctor  literally, Jerri decides to pick her life back up where she left it, beginning her high school all over again as a freshman at Flatpoint High. Jerri joins Chuck Noblet\'s  science fair team, the Fig Neutrons, along with her new friends, Megawatti Sucarnaputri   and Tammi Littlenut . Noblet is not pleased to learn that Principal Onyx Blackman  has hired a ringer for their team, Roger Beekman , to ensure that Flatpoint wins, and so Noblet creates a second team. As she struggles to fit in and make her teammates proud, Jerri discovers that though the faces may have changed, the hassles of high school are just the same.'] ['In 1962, college freshmen Lawrence "Larry" Kroger  and Kent Dorfman  seek to join a fraternity at Faber College. They visit the prestigious Omega Theta Pi House\'s invitational party but are not welcomed there. They then try next door at Delta Tau Chi House, where Kent\'s brother was once a member, making Kent a "legacy." There they find John "Bluto" Blutarsky  urinating outside the fraternity house. The Deltas "need the dues" so they permit Larry and Kent to pledge. They receive the fraternity names "Pinto"  and "Flounder" . Vernon Wormer , dean of Faber College, wants to remove the Delta fraternity from campus due to repeated conduct violations and low academic standing. Since they are already on probation, he puts the Deltas on something he calls "double secret probation" and orders the clean-cut, smug Omega president Greg Marmalard  to find a way to get rid of the Deltas permanently. Flounder is bullied by Omega member and ROTC cadet commander Doug Neidermeyer , so Bluto and Daniel Simpson "D-Day" Day  persuade Flounder to sneak Neidermeyer\'s horse into Dean Wormer\'s office late at night. They give him a gun and tell him to shoot it. Unbeknownst to Flounder, the gun is loaded with blanks. Unable to bring himself to kill the horse, he fires into the ceiling. The noise frightens the horse so much that it dies of a heart attack. In the cafeteria the next day, smooth-talking Eric "Otter" Stratton  tries to convince the stuck-up Mandy Pepperidge  to abandon her boyfriend, the uninterested Marmalard, and date him instead. Bluto proceeds to provoke Marmalard with his impression of a popping zit by stuffing his mouth with mashed potatoes and propelling it at Marmalard and table mates, Chip Diller  and Barbara "Babs" Jansen . Bluto then starts a food fight that engulfs the cafeteria. Bluto and D-Day steal the answers to an upcoming psychology test, but it turns out the Omegas planted the exam stencil and the Deltas get every answer wrong. Their grade-point averages drop so low that Wormer only needs one more incident to revoke the charter that allows them to remain on campus. To cheer themselves up, the Deltas organize a toga party, during which Otis Day and the Knights perform "Shout". The dean\'s alcoholic, lecherous wife, Marion , attends the party at Otter\'s invitation and has sex with him. Pinto hooks up with Clorette , a girl he met at the supermarket, and makes out with her only to learn she is the mayor\'s 13-year-old daughter. He later brings her home in a shopping cart. Due to the party, Wormer organizes a kangaroo court with the Omegas and revokes Delta\'s charter and all belongings are confiscated. To take their minds off their troubles, Otter, Donald "Boon" Schoenstein , Flounder and Pinto go on a road trip. Otter picks up some girls from Emily Dickinson College by pretending to be the fiancé of Fawn Liebowitz, a girl who recently died on campus. They stop at a roadhouse because Otis Day and the Knights are performing there, not realizing that it caters to an exclusively black clientele. The hulking patrons intimidate the guys and they flee, damaging Flounder\'s borrowed car and leaving their frightened dates behind. Boon breaks up with his girlfriend Katy  after discovering her sexual relationship with a professor . Marmalard is told that his girlfriend is having an affair with Otter, so he and other Omegas lure him to a motel and beat him up. The Deltas\' midterm grades are so poor that an ecstatic Wormer expels them all. He even notifies their draft boards of their eligibility. In the process, before Bluto attempts to speak to the dean, Wormer orders Flounder to speak with the words, "Well? Out with it!", whereupon Flounder vomits on the dean. It seems time for the Deltas to give up but Bluto, supported by the injured Otter, rouses them with an impassioned, historically inaccurate speech  and they decide to take revenge on Wormer and the Omegas. The Deltas construct a rogue parade float with Flounder\'s car as its base and wreak havoc on the annual homecoming parade. During the ensuing chaos, the futures of many of the main characters are revealed. The last shot of the film is of Bluto driving away in a white convertible with his soon-to-be wife: Mandy Pepperidge.'] [" Curly wins $50,000 from writing a catchy jingle for a radio contest. The boys quickly spend their loot, and check in at the Hotel Costa Plente. Their suite is furnished with many expensive items which they systematically destroy. In the process, three gold diggers connive their way into the boys' room, under the guise that they are three rich widows looking to remarry. This works perfectly, as Curly quickly discovers that all the tax deductions reduce his winnings to a minuscule $4.85. The boys hastily agree to marry the ladies, who soon find out the Stooges are broke and give them what for."] [' The film starts with a pirate crew, led by Captain Pinty, eagerly awaiting their treasure: tickets to The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie. When they recover it, they sail to the movie theater and sat down at the front row seats to watch the movie.  SpongeBob SquarePants has a dream of becoming the manager of the Krusty Krab restaurant and that the restaurant is in danger because a customer named Phil has no cheese on his Krabby Patty, but SpongeBob comes in in a limo and puts cheese to the Krabby Patty to save the day. SpongeBob wakes up from the dream, and happily gets ready for the "Krusty Krab 2" opening ceremony, with the hope that Mr. Krabs will promote him to general manager of the new restaurant. At the opening ceremony, SpongeBob is denied the title, which is instead given to Squidward Tentacles, due to being "more mature" than SpongeBob and Mr. Krabs thinking that he\'s "just a kid" and is unable to handle the task. Severely depressed, SpongeBob heads to his favorite restaurant, Goofy Goober. There, he eats numerous sundaes with his friend Patrick Star, and wakes up the next morning with a hangover. Meanwhile, Plankton, Krabs\' business rival, enactes a plot to steal the Krabby Patty secret formula burger with the dreaded "Plan Z". He steals King Neptune\'s beloved crown , sends it to Shell City, a hazardous location to which no marine life has ever returned from and is guarded by a killer Cyclops, and leaves a note that says "I stole your crown. Signed, Eugene Krabs". Incensed, Neptune crashes into the Krusty Krab 2 and assaults Krabs. SpongeBob later arrives and bad-mouths Krabs, but, when seeing Krabs\' life is at risk, promises Neptune that he will retrieve the crown from Shell City, but Neptune doubts that SpongeBob is capable of that. In the end, though, his compassionate daughter, Mindy, convinces him. He orders SpongeBob to be back with the crown back in exactly ten days, but thanks to Patrick, who seems to overestimate his friend, the time is argued down to six days. So he will not run away, Neptune freezes Krabs with his trident and says that Krabs will fry if SpongeBob does not complete his task. SpongeBob and Patrick then head off for Shell City in a car shaped like a Krabby Patty. With his rival frozen solid, Plankton steals the Krabby Patty formula with ease. Meanwhile, SpongeBob and Patrick meet two owners of a gas station who make fun of them for no apparent reason. As the duo push on, their car is stolen by a thug. Back in Bikini Bottom, Plankton sells the Krabby Patty and makes a huge fortune, claiming Krabs willed the recipe to him. He also sends a hitman named Dennis to pursue SpongeBob and Patrick. Meanwhile, SpongeBob and Patrick recover the car, but are forced to get the key from the thug, who is in a night club where anyone who blows a bubble is mauled. They end up blowing countless and are almost caught, but they escape with the key. Squidward, meanwhile, uncovers the truth about Plankton stealing Neptune\'s crown and attempts to alert the authorities, but Plankton uses mind-controlling buckets, disguised as souvenirs, to control the residents of Bikini Bottom, including Squidward, and renames the city Planktopolis.  Meanwhile, SpongeBob and Patrick discover an ice cream stand and buy some, but it is revealed to be a trap created by a frogfish. The frogfish attempts to eat them, but they escape by jumping out of the car. The frogfish eats the car, but is eaten by an eel that lives in a trench filled with carnivorous creatures. Before the two admit defeat, knowing that they can not cross the trench, Mindy appears to give them encouragement by falsely claiming they are men, not kids, by using her "Mermaid Magic" to give them moustaches . Singing a song, SpongeBob and Patrick dance their way across the trench with ease, only to meet Dennis on the other side. Before Dennis steps on them with his giant boot, he is stomped on by a human boot. The human, revealed to be the Cyclops Mindy warned them about, grabs SpongeBob and Patrick and heads off for his store by the beach, which is in fact "Shell City" itself; . When they arrive, SpongeBob and Patrick find the crown, but encounter a lethal drying-out process which kills them. However, they shed tears that short-circuit the heat lamp, which releases smoke and activates the emergency sprinkler system, reviving them, as well as the other dried-out sea creatures being sold as souvenirs. While the sea creatures attack the Cyclops, including a lobster who sprayed Elmer\'s glue onto him, SpongeBob and Patrick take the crown out to the beach. After accidentally losing the bag of winds Mindy gave to return to Bikini Bottom, David Hasselhoff offers the two a ride, which they gladly accept. On the way, Dennis catches up to them, but is struck by a catamaran back into the sea. Back at the Krusty Krab 2, Neptune arrives to execute Krabs, while Plankton eagerly watches. In the nick of time, SpongeBob and Patrick return with the crown, save Krabs, and then confront Plankton. In turn, Plankton drops a mind bucket on Neptune. Just as Plankton thinks he is triumphant and has won, SpongeBob, cherishing the fact he is just a kid yet he accomplished a lot in the past six days, five minutes, and 27-and-a-half seconds, uses his imagination to play the Goofy Goober theme in the form of a rock song , using his guitar to free Plankton\'s slaves. Realizing defeat once again, Plankton tries to escape, but is trampled by Bikini Bottom\'s citizens. Plankton is arrested and incarcerated. King Neptune thanks Mindy for her bravery and unfreezes Krabs, who graciously gives the title of general manager of the Krusty Krab 2 to SpongeBob. During the end credits, SpongeBob is seen doing jobs and chores for Mr. Krabs with an oversized Krusty Krab employee hat. In a post-credits scene, a theater usher forces the Captain and his pirate crew to leave.'] ['Budget cuts force two rival ambulance companies and their misfit medics to go head-to-head to save their patients, their jobs and their beer money, all in the name of emergency medicine.'] ['{{plot}} The film starts with a breaking news report announcing that the flying gimp has been destroyed. The news break ends to reveal "The Skye Daley Show", already in progress. Skye  is interviewing beloved former child star Ricky Coogin . Rather bluntly, Skye asks how Ricky so quickly went from one of America\'s sweethearts to a name that makes children scream in terror. It all began when he accepted a job from the slimy mega-corporation E.E.S.  to promote "Zygrot 24", a controversial and lethal toxic fertilizer, in South America. Although hesitant at first, the greedy, self-centered Coogin caves in after their sleazy chairman ([[William Sadler  offers him $5,000,000 and he hops on the first plane to South America with his buddy Ernie . During their flight, the duo have a run-in with Ricky\'s number one fan Stuey Gluck . Showing no compassion at all, Ricky quickly brushes Stuey off, causing a series of events that ends up with Stuey falling out of the airplane and plummeting to the ground below. Once Ricky and Ernie arrive in the country of Santa Flan, they cross paths with a group of protesters, specifically the hard-willed and attractive young environmentalist Julie . The two con Julie into thinking they\'re also environmentalists and she agrees to join them on a trip to an anti-Zygrot 24 protest. However, she soon finds out their true identities and the three are stuck with each other for the rest of the drive. They decide to take a detour to see Freek Land, a freak show, and they wind up in the clutches of demented proprietor Elijah C. Skuggs  and his henchman, the long-tongued Toad . Skuggs introduces them to his "Tasty Freekz Machine", a contraption powered by Zygrot 24 that morphs regular people into "Hideous Mutant Freekz" to become part of his show. Julie and Ernie are merged into a pair of conjoined twins and Ricky is transformed into a hideous half-man, half-monster.  Now incorporated in Elijah\'s freak show, Ricky meets the other freaks: Ortiz the Dog Boy , the self-proclaimed "Leader of the Freaks"; Worm , the half-man, half-worm; Nosey , whose entire head is one big nose; Cowboy ([[John Hawkes , the half-man, half-cow; the Bearded Lady ; Sockhead , who has a sock puppet for a head; The Eternal Flame , who has constant flaming flatulence; Rosie the Pinhead; The Hideous Frogman , a Frenchman in a scuba suit; and the skeleton of Paul Lynde. At first, Ricky wants nothing to do with any of the other freaks, but soon warms up to them after hearing their stories of how they came to be here. Meanwhile, he discovers that he\'s developed a telepathic bond with Stuey and summons him to get help. Stuey manages to sell Ricky\'s story to the Weekly World News, but ends up being captured by a group of shady businessmen that presumably work for Elijah. The night of the big show comes, and each of the freaks perform a routine for a sold-out house, including Julie and Ernie\'s comedy and dance routine and Sockhead\'s heartfelt rendition of "The Wienerschnitzel Polka". Ricky, encouraged by Worm, decides to turn his deformity into the acting chance of a lifetime: he performs the opening soliloquy from Richard III  which moves the audience to tears and earns him a standing ovation. An E.E.S. executive arrives and, disgusted by Ricky\'s new appearance, tells him he\'s fired, causing the entire audience to start laughing at him. Overcome by rage, Ricky rips off the executive\'s head and the crowd runs away in terror, much to Elijah\'s amusement, . The next day, Ricky attempts to escape but is caught by a pair of talking, machine-gun toting Rastafarian eyeballs who take him to Elijah\'s lair. Elijah informs Ricky that at the next show, he plans to mutate him into a full beast that\'ll slaughter all of the other freaks, a surefire moneymaking event. On his way back, Ricky runs into the other freaks in the middle of their own escape attempt. He tries to warn them about the eyeballs, but none of them take him seriously. He gets into a blade fight with Ortiz, who ends up running off to chase a squirrel, catching the attention of the trigger-happy eyeballs who chase him out of the park. The freaks decide to elect Ricky as their new leader and Julie admires him for his selfless act. After Ricky tells the other freaks of Elijah\'s plans, the group devise a scheme to get back at him by altering the supply of Zygrot 24 to transform Ricky into a peaceful superfreak instead of a murderous one. Ricky, Ernie, Julie and Worm tunnel into Elijah\'s lab and successfully concoct an altered batch of the chemical. Meanwhile, back at the quarters, Sockhead gets nervous and tries to make a break for it, only to be fatally gunned down by the eyeballs. Upon escaping from the lab, Ricky loses the Zygrot, but instead finds a tasty batch of macaroons, which sparks a celebration amongst the hungry freaks. Ricky eventually finds out that Elijah\'s Zygrot suppliers are none other than E.E.S., who arrive at Freek Land with a shipment of Zygrot and an imprisoned Stuey Gluck. As they discuss their plans to mutate the world\'s population into an efficient workforce, Stuey follows a telepathic tip from Rick and manages to escape, grabbing the tainted batch of Zygrot along the way. Later that night, at the show, before he manages to deliver the Zygrot to Ricky, Stuey accidentally gets the chemical poured on him, transforming him into a seven-foot monster. Elijah sends the eyeballs after him, but they\'re quickly dispatched after the Stuey Monster throws dirt at them. Toad tries to take him out with his tongue, but accidentally swallows a firecracker thrown by Ernie and thus explodes, splashing goo all over the audience.  Elijah goes ahead and infects Ricky with his own Zygrot, turning him into an equally grotesque seven-foot monster. As the Ricky Monster and Stuey Monster battle to the death onstage, Elijah catches the E.E.S. executives double-crossing him and stealing his "Tasty Freaks Machine". Elijah soaks them all with the Zygrot, mutating them all into a giant, fleshy shoe. Right before the Ricky Monster is about to destroy the Stuey Monster, however, a wave of compassion comes over him, and he drops his weapon and gives Stuey a hug. Enraged, Elijah unsuccessfully tries to fight the Ricky Monster, who bashes him in the head, paralyzing him. Pleading for his life, Elijah says that only he can get the freaks back to normal: he baked a time-release antidote into a batch of macaroons. The Ricky Monster knocks him into an open vat of Zygrot 24, telling him that he "skimped on the coconut", just as the FBI arrive to save the day. Elijah dramatically rises from the vat, transformed into a hideous beast that looks exactly like Skye Daley. The FBI agents gun him down. Back on "The Skye Daley Show", the entire audience has fallen asleep and it\'s revealed that Ricky Coogin\'s grotesque silhouette was nothing more than the shape of a cactus in the background. One by one, the freaks are brought out onto the stage, each one transformed back to normal, with the exception of Worm, who bitterly states that he\'s never liked macaroons. They are then joined by the still-mutated Ortiz and the Stuey Monster before it\'s revealed that Skye Daley is actually Elijah C. Skuggs. Skuggs lunges after Ricky with a machete, only to be gunned down by the now normal Julie. As she embraces Ricky, Skye rises again, this time to be gunned down by Ernie. After Ricky and Ernie discuss what they\'ve learned from their whole experience, they wave goodbye to the studio audience. Before the credits roll, though, the machete-wielding Skye lunges at them one more time...'] ['Wayne and Garth now do their acclaimed Friday-night TV show in an abandoned doll factory in Aurora. At the end of the broadcast, Wayne, Garth, and his friends, head into the Mirthmobile, and off to an Aerosmith concert. After the band\'s performance, Wayne and Garth head backstage , and praise Aerosmith like they did to Alice Cooper in the previous film. That night, Wayne has a dream in which he meets Jim Morrison  and a "weird naked Indian" , in which Morrison tells Wayne that his destiny is to organize and put on a big concert. Wayne then asks when Garth\'s football phone going to arrive, Morrison said it was sent to the wrong house and will arrive in the morning along with a swimsuit magazine and Stanley Cup video. The next morning, Garth showed up with the phone, magazine and video, which convinces Wayne to put on the show. Wayne and Garth dub the concert "Waynestock" and get to work, by, firstly, at Morrison\'s request, to hire his former roadie, Del Preston , who, surprisingly had the same dream as Wayne. Their early attempts to sign bands and sell tickets fall flat, however, and Wayne wonders if the whole thing was a good idea. Wayne\'s girlfriend Cassandra, meanwhile, has a new producer, Bobby Cahn , who slowly tries to pull her away from Wayne  and Illinois. After Wayne admits that he was spying on her, Cassandra breaks off the relationship and hastily gets engaged to Bobby on the rebound. Garth meets a beautiful woman, Honey Hornée , at the laundromat, and she quickly ropes him in with her charms. Eventually, it is revealed that Honey is manipulating Garth into killing her ex-husband, and Garth quickly bails on the relationship. Back in the real world, tickets for Waynestock are finally selling, but no bands have shown up. Wrestling with what to do, Wayne departs the festival grounds so he can find Cassandra, leaving Garth to keep the rowdy crowd in check. In a parody to The Graduate, Wayne travels to a church and breaks up Cassandra\'s wedding before escaping the ceremony with her. Meanwhile, Garth has stage fright during the concert. Upon returning to Waynestock, the bands still have not shown up. As in the first film, three endings occur. *Wayne and Garth consult Morrison, who said that no one will come, telling them that all that matters is they tried. They turn around to go back to Waynestock and they lose their way, not knowing how to escape the desert dream sequence, and therefore presumably die of thirst . *They drive their car to find the bands, but a helicopter corners them, so they drive their car off a cliff . *The promised bands arrive and the whole event is a huge success .  In the movie, Waynestock is held in Adlai Stevenson Memorial Park, in Aurora, Illinois. The acts that Wayne books include Crucial Taunt , Aerosmith, Rip Taylor, Pearl Jam, and Van Halen. Aerosmith performs "Shut Up and Dance" at the concert. Additionally, the Gin Blossoms and Nash Kato  can be seen being escorted out of a limousine-length Mirthmobile by the weird naked Indian as the closing credits begin.'] ['The film follows the story of a group of rude and obnoxious seniors from Fairmont High, an Ohio high school. After a typing class, the seniors cut school and throw a party at the home of Principal Moss . When he returns home, he gives the class detention, forcing them to write a letter to the President of the United States, explaining what is wrong with the education system. Amazingly, the President enjoys it, and invites the class to Washington to discuss it. However, it is actually just a plot devised by a corrupt U.S. Senator to humiliate the President. Upon their journey, the class stops in a convenience store where Mark "Dags" D\'Agastino  and Reggie Barry ([[Rob Moore  lock Principal Moss in a flooded convenience store toilet so they can steal alcohol from the store. They are followed by Travis , a crazed Star Trek fan and crossing guard, who hitches a ride with an Asian family. While on their way, Principal Moss falls into a "coma" after taking pills given to him by Red , the bus driver and "Dope King". At this point, the students go on a rampage and throw another party, while Carla Morgan , the school slut, puts makeup on the sleeping Principal Moss. The next morning, the bus is pursued by both Travis and the police. Red suddenly dies, apparently from a drug overdose, and the bus nearly plows into a lake. Dags manages to stop it in time, but Travis\'s ride is not so lucky. In the confusion, Travis escapes. Arriving at Washington, a class photo taken at a cemetery goes wrong when Miosky ([[Eric Edwards  blows out Edgar Hoover\'s flame via fart lighting, catching Travis on fire in the process. That night, the seniors secretly lace a box of chocolates with tequila and give it to Miss Milford , subsequently leaving and going to a party at a hotel while Miss Milford seduces Principal Moss in a drunken stupor. In the process, Lisa Perkins , discovers the plot to use the students to embarrass the President. When Principal Moss and Miss Milford find the missing students the next morning, they are informed of the plot. The senator\'s agents subsequently kidnap Miosky and take him to the White House with the others in hot pursuit. When they arrive at the White House, the senator insults the seniors, but Principal Moss unexpectedly stands up for them. The senator\'s plot is ultimately exposed, and the seniors go home. The film ends with a montage of the characters and where they ended up after the events of the film.'] ['In 1967, British spy Austin Powers attempts to assassinate his nemesis, Dr. Evil, in his own nightclub . Dr. Evil escapes by launching himself in a space rocket disguised as a Bob\'s Big Boy statue, and cryogenically freezing himself. Powers volunteers to be put into cryostasis to be revived when Dr. Evil returns. Thirty years later, in 1997, Dr. Evil returns with new plans for world domination, and discovers his henchman Number 2 has transformed Evil\'s empire into Virtucon, a multi-billion dollar enterprise. Though already wealthy, Dr. Evil proposes several plans to threaten the world for more money. However, he finds that each of them have already happened during his absence. He ultimately falls back on his old plan to steal nuclear weapons and hold the world hostage, and is advised to seek one hundred billion dollars. Later, he also discovers that henchwoman Frau Farbissina has used a sample of Evil\'s semen to artificially create his son, Scott Evil, now a Generation Y teenager. Scott is resentful of his father, despite Dr. Evil\'s attempts to get closer to him through therapy. Having learned of Dr. Evil\'s return, the British Ministry of Defence unfreezes Powers, acclimating him to the year 1997 with the help of agent Vanessa Kensington, the daughter of his sidekick in the 1960s, Mrs. Kensington. Powers quickly finds his free love credo of the 1960s to be out of touch with the 1990s, and is unable to ensnare Vanessa with his charms. Later, the two pose as a married couple in a Las Vegas hotel and meet No. 2\'s Italian secretary, Alotta Fagina. Powers breaks into her penthouse suite for reconnaissance and fornicates with her. He discovers plans for Dr. Evil\'s "Project Vulcan", which aims to drill a nuclear warhead into the Earth\'s molten core and trigger volcanic eruptions worldwide. Dr. Evil, learning that Powers is back and on his trail, creates a series of seductive female robots (called [[Fembots  to charm Powers before killing him. Austin apologizes to Vanessa for the affair with Alotta and vows to only be with her. Later the couple infiltrates Dr. Evil\'s headquarters but are captured by his henchman, Random Task. After Dr. Evil makes his demands to the world, he reveals that even after receiving the money he will still proceed with Project Vulcan. He then places Powers and Vanessa in a death trap that they easily escape from. Powers sends Vanessa for help, while he eludes and destroys the fembots by performing a striptease which arouses them so much that their heads explode. Vanessa returns with British forces. Powers finds the doomsday device and deactivates it at the last moment. He finds Dr. Evil in the main chamber along with Alotta Fagina who is holding Vanessa hostage, but Number 2 appears and attempts to betray Dr. Evil, offering to make a deal with Powers. Dr. Evil disposes of Number 2 using the trap door leading to lava  and escapes to his rocket, setting off the base\'s self-destruct system. Vanessa knocks Alotta unconscious and escapes with Powers as the lair explodes. Powers and Vanessa are later married, but during their honeymoon they are attacked by Random Task. Powers subdues the assassin and the couple adjourns to their balcony to have wild sex. Noticing a rather bright star, Powers pulls out a telescope to discover that it is in fact Dr. Evil\'s cryogenic chamber in which he vows revenge.'] ['{{plot}} At the funeral of their German-born grandfather Johann von Wolfhausen , brothers Jan and Todd Wolfhouse  discover that family tradition demands they travel to Munich during Oktoberfest to spread his ashes on the Theresienwiese. Their grandmother, called Gam Gam , gives them two tickets to Munich, where a Mr. Schniedelwichsen  will take them to the family resting place. While waiting for Schniedelwichsen after their arrival, the brothers unintentionally start a brawl that takes down an entire Oktoberfest tent. Schniedelwichsen leads Jan and Todd to Beerfest, an underground drinking game tournament run by Baron Wolfgang von Wolfhausen . The triumphant German national team is furious that Schniedelwichsen would bring outsiders to the contest, so he is shot. Jan and Todd discover that the von Wolfhausens are related to the Wolfhouses. The German team reveals that Johann was a stable boy who stole the recipe for "the greatest beer in all ze world" decades ago and ran away with his prostitute mother, Gam Gam. The Germans celebrate an easy win over Jan and Todd in a drinking contest and urge the audience to pelt Jan and Todd with vegetables, destroying the urn containing their grandfather\'s ashes and spilling them all over the brothers. Swearing to get revenge on the Germans, Jan and Todd return to Colorado, where they recruit college drinking friends for an American Beerfest team: *Phil "Landfill" Krundle ([[Kevin Heffernan , an overweight former brewery employee and competitive eater; *Charlie "Fink" Finklestein , a nerdy Jewish scientist with extensive knowledge of beer and chemistry *Barry Badrinath , an amazingly frequent winner of drinking games but currently a homeless male prostitute. During the team\'s year of drinking training, Jan and Todd find out their grandfather did not steal the family beer recipe. Before the Baron Wolfhausen of the time died, he hid the recipe in a doll he gave the boy Johann before Gam Gam took him to the U.S. Since he was the Baron\'s first-born child, Johann was the rightful heir to the family brewery in Bavaria. The team uses the rediscovered recipe to brew Schnitzengiggle Beer for the first time in over a generation. It is easily the best beer they have ever tasted . After the German team receive a bottle of Schnitzengiggle in the mail, the Wolfhausen clan goes to America to confront their Wolfhouse cousins and snatch the recipe using various tactics. Disguised as a nurse for Gam Gam, a spy named Cherry   presumably steals the recipe. When Landfill discovers her true identity, Cherry makes him fall into a beer vat, where he dies trying to drink his way out. The team decides to disband, but suddenly, Landfill\'s very talented twin brother, Gil , shows up and asks to join the team and be called "Landfill" as tribute to his brother. In Germany, Jan and Todd have forgotten where Beerfest is held. Getting Todd drunk, though, jogs his memory through what is referred to as "Drunken Recall". The team uses an empty wooden keg as a Trojan Horse to get inside, where they emerge to boos and jeers. The Americans are allowed to participate after Jan and Todd show how uncannily they resemble the two Beerfest founders, thus convincing the crowd of their von Wolfhausen ancestry. In the finals , Cherry tells Gil at a crucial moment how his brother Phil died, causing Gil to crack and the Germans to win. Jan, still unaware that Cherry stole the recipe, offers the Germans a double or nothing chance. If the Germans win, they get the recipe; if the Americans win, they get the Bavarian brewery. The Germans tell Jan they already have the recipe and thus no need for a rematch, but Fink points out the stolen recipe is the wrong one, which prompts Wolfgang to have Cherry killed. When one of the von Wolfhausens knocks off Fink\'s yarmulke, he enters into a state of purely concentrated rage  which allows him to coach the team to victory, barely gaining the win when the German team\'s anchor fails to finish "Das Boot" . A single drop falls from it, disqualifying the German team. The team celebrates in Amsterdam, where they bump into Willie Nelson . Because Willie\'s marijuana-smoking tournament teammates, Cheech and Chong, were not able to attend the contest, Nelson invites the Beerfest team to join him and they gladly do so. The film ends with a smoke-filled screen and the words "Coming Soon - Potfest".'] ["Khamlao is a secret agent for the country of Wongnaileum, which shares the common Isan dialect and culture with its neighboring country, Thailand . He is dispatched to Bangkok on a secret mission to track down some terrorists. To do so, he goes undercover as a luk thung singer working for a record label that serves as a front company for dealers in weapons of mass destruction. As he probes deep inside the record company, he finds that the company's executive secretary is actually a CIA agent, assigned to the same mission. Meanwhile, Khamlao's wife, Keaw, discovers that Khamlao had lied to her about his job in Thailand. The end of the film leaves where the first film starts."] ['In a dilapidated apartment building in post-apocalyptic France, food is in short supply and grain is used as currency. In the ground floor is a butcher\'s shop, run by the landlord, Clapet , who posts job opportunities in the Hard Times paper as means to lure victims to the building, whom he murders and butchers as a cheap source of meat to sell to his tenants. Following the "departure" of the last worker, unemployed circus clown Louison  applies for the vacant position. During his routine maintenance, he befriends Clapet\'s daughter, Julie , a relationship which slowly blossoms into romance. Louison proves to be a superb worker with a spectacular trick knife and the butcher is reluctant to off him too quickly. During this time several of the tenants fall under Louison\'s boyish charms, worrying others who are more anxious for their own safety should they require meat. Aware of her father\'s motives, Julie descends into the sewers to make contact with the feared Troglodistes, a vegetarian sub-group of French rebels, whom she convinces to help rescue Louison. During the apparent butchering of an old woman the Troglodistes attack but are repelled and Clapet, with the unsympathetic tenants, storm Louison\'s room in an attempt to murder him. Louison and Julie resist by flooding themselves, floor to ceiling, in an upper floor bathroom until Clapet opens the door releasing the flood and washing the attackers away. Clapet returns with Louison\'s knife and inadvertently kills himself. Louison and Julie play music together on the roof of the now peaceful apartment building.'] ['The basic plot concerns Groucho, as explorer Captain Geoffrey  T. Spaulding, attending a party in his honor at the estate of society matron Mrs. Rittenhouse, and investigating the theft of a valuable painting during the party. The bulk of the movie consists of a succession of comedy sketches, one liner jokes and visual gags.'] ['George Newman  is a daydreamer whose hyperactive imagination keeps him from holding a steady job. His gambling uncle, Harvey Bilchik, wins the deed to Channel 62, a bankrupt UHF television station, in a poker game, and prodded by his wife, gives control of the station to George. George and his best friend Bob ([[David Bowe  meet the Channel 62 staff which is made up of the receptionist and wannabe reporter Pamela Finklestein , dwarf photojournalist and cameraman Noodles MacIntosh , and eccentric engineer Philo . George attempts to introduce himself to the rival VHF network station, Channel 8, but its owner, the cynical R.J. Fletcher ([[Kevin McCarthy  chases him out angrily. On his way out of the station, he encounters the janitor, Stanley Spadowski , recently fired by Fletcher, and offers him a job at Channel 62. Though George creates new shows, including the kid-friendly but poorly named "Uncle Nutzy\'s Clubhouse" which he hosts, the workload and bad debt of the station get to him. Amid the stress, he forgets his girlfriend Teri\'s  birthday, who breaks up with him over the incident. Despondent, George turns "Uncle Nutzy\'s Clubhouse" over to Stanley so he and Bob can go out for a drink. Arriving at the bar, they find that all the patrons are excitedly watching Stanley\'s antics on Channel 62. Realizing they have a hit on their hands, George and Bob are revived and inspired. They come up with ideas for more original shows in Channel 62\'s lineup, all spearheaded by the newly retitled "Stanley Spadowski\'s Clubhouse." As Channel 62\'s popularity grows, Fletcher becomes furious that a UHF station is getting better ratings than his network\'s programming. He learns that Harvey Bilchik is the owner of the station and has just gambled away $75,000 at the horse races. Fletcher makes Harvey the offer of covering his debt to his bookie, Big Louie, in return for ownership of Channel 62, which he would then only too happily shut down . George learns of the deal and calls his aunt, who forces her husband to hold off, allowing George time to raise the money Harvey owes by selling investment stock in Channel 62 through a telethon. The telethon starts off successfully, led by Stanley\'s boundless energy, but Fletcher sends his goons to kidnap Stanley. Without Stanley, the telethon grinds to a halt. George then leads a group to infiltrate Channel 8 and rescue Stanley. They return in time to successfully finish the telethon just before Harvey\'s debt comes due, saving the station and making it a publicly owned company. Fletcher, on the other hand, finds out that the penny, a 1955 doubled-die cent he mockingly gave to a beggar earlier in the film was rare and worth thousands, resulting in Channel 62 making its goal. He also discovers that a slanderous conversation of his contempt for his station\'s viewers was secretly recorded and rebroadcast by Philo, and that Channel 8 failed to file paperwork to renew its broadcast license with the FCC, which revokes his license and takes the station off the air. As the film ends, George and Teri rekindle their relationship, while the rest of the employees and fans of Channel 62 celebrate. Throughout the film, there are cutaway scenes that are comic homages to popular shows of the time, through either George\'s imagination or shows specifically for Channel 62. For example, a dream sequence includes a music video for Yankovic\'s "Money for Nothing/Beverly Hillbillies*" in both the audio and visual style of the Dire Straits\' "Money for Nothing", and fake commercials for Plots \'R Us Mortuary Service, Gandhi II, Conan the Librarian and Spatula City are shown throughout the film.'] ['Jesse Montgomery III  and Chester Greenburg  are two slackers who wake up at Jesse\'s house, hung over and with no memory of the day before. Their refrigerator is filled with chocolate pudding, and the answering machine contains an angry message from their twin girlfriends, Wanda  and Wilma , as to their whereabouts. They go outside only to find Jesse\'s car missing, and with it their girlfriends\' anniversary presents. This prompts Jesse to ask: "Dude, where\'s my car?" Because the twins have promised them a "special treat", which Jesse and Chester hope is sex, the men are desperate to find the car. The duo retrace their steps to discover just where they left the car. Along the way, they encounter an angry transgender stripper , a belligerent Chinese drive-thru speaker operator , discover two cool tattoos on each other\'s backs, run into a group of UFO cultists led by Zoltan , a Chinese tailor , the Zen-minded Nelson  and his cannabis-loving dog, the jock Tommy  and his musclehead friends, Tommy\'s girlfriend Christie Boner , a couple of police detectives, and an ostrich farmer named Pierre . The protagonists then meet two races of aliens, one group being five gorgeous women wearing skintight black jumpsuits , the other being a pair of Nordic men wearing workout clothes . Both groups are searching for the "Continuum Transfunctioner", a powerful device . The "Continuum Transfunctioner" is capable of destroying the universe. An Animal Planet show then provides a helpful clue, though Jesse and Chester do not know it at the time— about how animals use tools, animals \'often use sticks as crude tools\'. In an arcade, they discover that the Continuum Transfunctioner was a Rubik\'s Cube that Chester has been working hard to solve during most of the movie. When he does, it becomes activated. Once the five lights on it stop flashing, the universe will be destroyed. Jesse and Chester must figure out which of two alien groups should get the device. One group protects the universe, while the other wants to destroy it. Both claim to be the protectors and claim that they were with Jesse and Chester the previous night. The two choose the Nordic men, because when asked what the two stoners did the night before, they correctly answered that the boys got a hole-in-one at the 18th hole at a miniature golf park, winning a lifetime supply of pudding. At the last second, the Nords deactivate the Transfunctioner, saving the universe. Angry, the five alien women merge to become, what Chest calls, a "Super Hot Giant Alien" . The protectors intervene, attempting to banish her to Hoboken, New Jersey, but are knocked out. The giantess then eats Tommy before she crawls out of the amusement center and chases Jesse and Chester. The cultists tell them to activate the Photon Accelerator Annihilation Beam on the Transfunctioner. However, the button that activates it is too far in to reach. At the last second, Chester remembers the nature show with the tool-using chimps and uses a straw to push the recessed button, thus destroying the alien . The two protectors erase everyone\'s minds concerning the events and time is reversed to the beginning of the film. The events come full circle as Jesse and Chester wake up with no memory of what happened to them much like the beginning of the film. However, they recover the car , which turned out to be hidden behind a mail truck the whole time, and salvage their relationships and discover the special treat from the girls turns out to be matching knitted caps and scarves. The protectors leave a gift for their girlfriends : Breast Enhancement Necklaces. The film ends with Jesse, Chester and their girlfriends driving off in the car agruing on what the tattoes on the latter\'s backs say.'] ["The plot provides the setup for a string of sight gags, puns, jokes based on Asian stereotypes, and general farce. The central plot involves the misadventures of secret agent Phil Moskowitz, hired by the Grand Exalted High Majah of Raspur  to find a secret egg salad recipe that was stolen from him. The movie has an ending unrelated to the plot, in which China Lee, a Playboy Playmate and then-wife of Allen's comic idol Mort Sahl, who does not appear elsewhere in the film, does a striptease while Allen explains that he promised he would put her in the film somewhere."] ['Ten stories, each inspired by one of the Ten Commandments: ;1 "Thou Shalt Worship No God Before Me A guy  becomes a celebrity after falling out of a plane and becoming permanently embedded in the ground. After a swift rise to stardom, he becomes prideful and arrogant, referring to himself as a god. His career falls apart and he loses everything. His fiancée  leaves him for a TV anchor man. ;2 "Thou Shalt Not Take the Lord\'s Name in Vain" A librarian  has a sexual awakening in Mexico with a swarthy local  who turns out to be Jesus Christ. She eventually settles down and marries her coworker , but is secretly reminded of her fling with Jesus whenever her family prays before a meal. ;3 "Thou Shalt Not Murder" A doctor  kills his patient by leaving a pair of scissors inside her abdomen during surgery. Despite expecting the charges to be dropped because he left the scissors in "as a goof", the judge and jury sentence him to life in prison. The judge also disbars the plaintiff\'s lawyer, who is then told that he should consider a job as a tour guide at the local nuclear plant. ;4 "Honor Thy Mother and Thy Father" A white mother  enlists an Arnold Schwarzenegger impersonator  to be a father figure to her black children after telling them he is their biological father. It is revealed that their father is in reality Arsenio Hall, but they decide to keep the Arnold impersonator as part of the family; despite not being able to imitate Arsenio, he can do a pretty good Eddie Murphy impression. ;5 "Thou Shalt Not Covet Thy Neighbor\'s Goods" A police detective  covets his neighbor\'s  CAT Scan machine. After continuously buying additional CAT Scan machines to one up each other, both of their wives leave them. After hitting rock bottom, the two neighbors reconcile and go out for a drink. Meanwhile, a disaster at a nuclear power plant during a school tour  leaves a busload of school children in need of several CAT Scan machines. They arrive at the neighbors\' houses but the doors are locked and the two men are at the bar, so all the children die. ;6 "Thou Shalt Not Covet Thy Neighbor\'s Wife" A prisoner  desires a fellow inmate\'s "bitch"  for his own. ;7 "Thou Shalt Not Steal" The woman  from the first story, having recently married the TV anchor man, falls in love with a ventriloquist\'s puppet, steals it and runs off to have a romantic relationship with it. ;8 "Thou Shalt Not Bear False Witness" The ventriloquist, having lost his dummy and become a homeless heroin addict, is told by another homeless man a story about an animated rhinoceros  who earns a reputation as a liar. After learning that a band of weiner dogs is intent on infecting others with a fatal STD, the rhinoceros tries to warn everyone. Unfortunately, nobody believes him, and they all succumb to the STD  and die. It is then revealed that the rhinoceros now sells drugs to the homeless men. ;9 "Thou Shalt Not Commit Adultery" Jeff Reigert  presents all of these stories to the audience, while struggling with his own moral dilemma: having to choose between his beautiful wife  and his also beautiful but somewhat younger mistress . ;10 "Remember the Sabbath and Keep It Holy" The husband from the second story  skips church with his family to get naked with his friends and listen to Roberta Flack.'] ['World-famous violinist Ryan Harrison  is seen giving a concert. Afterwards, he goes to a party where he meets Hibbing Goodhue ([[Michael York , a millionaire who sponsors Harrison\'s performances, as well as Goodhue\'s seductive wife Lauren  and his possible mistress Cass Lake .  The next evening he finds a note from Lauren in his car which summons him to the Goodhue residence. When he goes to the Goodhue mansion, he bumps into Sean Laughrea , who has just killed Goodhue . A violent fight follows, during which Harrison discovers that Sean is missing an eye, an arm, and a leg, and he overhears the preparations for an operation with the codename "Highlander" before he is knocked out. When he wakes up, Harrison finds himself arrested and convicted for the murder of Goodhue. Desperate to prove his innocence, Harrison escapes from his prison transport following an accident while a hide and seek with a train follows. Lieutenant Fergus Falls  arrives on the scene, takes charge, barks out orders and vows to do whatever it takes to capture the fugitive. Harrison returns to the Goodhue mansion where he encounters Cass, who is trying to retrieve something from behind a portrait. She tells him she knows he is innocent and believes Lauren is the killer, but refuses to say anything to the police because Lauren is her sister. She provides him with a place to hide and helps him shake his pursuers, but Harrison\'s opportunities to rest are short and fleeting: Falls seems to find him wherever he goes, and Cass behaves suspiciously, increasing Harrison\'s doubts of whom to trust. Harrison gradually begins to piece together the puzzle; he remembers that Sean was present at the party as the bartender and was given a great amount of money by Cass. He also finds that Cass is strangely interested in Sir Robert McKintyre, the secretary-general of the United Nations. Eventually, after investigating Sean\'s disabilities in a limb replacement clinic, he discovers that Cass, Lauren and Sean are planning an assassination attempt on McKintyre. He manages to follow the group but is caught. Cass shoots Harrison but actually fakes his death, both because she has fallen in love with him and because she wants to stop the assassination, since she has found out that McKintyre is really her father. Goodhue has been murdered by Sean and Lauren because he had come to suspect that his wife was actually a terrorist and had only used him to further her goals. At a Scottish festival, Harrison and Cass just barely manage to save McKintyre\'s life. They are cornered by Lauren, Sean and accomplices, but Fergus Falls and a SWAT team arrive just in the nick of time, arresting the terrorists. Falls officially tells Harrison that he was "wrongfully accused", clearing his name and acquitting him. In the last scene, Harrison and Cass are riding on the bow of a cruise ship (spoofing [[Titanic  and end up bumping their heads on a low bridge.'] ['An inept Foreign Office  diplomat  is sent to re-establish good relations with the mineral-rich British Pacific island colony of Gaillardia that has been forgotten for 50 years.'] ['The film is about the nature of free will, conceived and edited in a stream of consciousness style. Head begins at the dedication of a bridge. As a local politician struggles with his microphone during the dedication speech, the "wacky, fun-loving" Monkees suddenly interrupt the ceremony by running through the assembled officials, to the sound of various horns and sirens. The rest of the film shows what happened that led up to that. The four have just all kissed the same groupie, who tells them that they were indistinguishable. Throughout the film, they make their way through a series of unrelated vignettes, each being a different type of film (mystery, war, [[Western . In each one, they try to deal with the fact that they\'re four real people in a real band that makes records for real people, but are also scripted characters in a fake TV band doing nothing except exactly what the director wants them to. They continually try to prove to themselves that they\'re free and can make any choice they want. But no matter what they try — deliberately flubbing their lines, pointing out to other characters that they\'re really just actors making a film, complaining to Nicholson and Rafelson who are on the set but not part of the film, smashing through the painted paper walls, walking off the set and into the street, physically attacking other actors for no reason, and making everyone they encounter mad at them — they discover that their every word and deed was predetermined to the finest detail by the script of the movie they\'re in and the director directing it. For example, they forget their worries at a party where girls are go-go dancing. But a mirror on the wall reveals the camera shooting directly into it, recording the scene we are watching while Rafelson sits next to the camera in the mirror. At one point, Peter actually discovers the answer to the free will contradiction in their reality. The four frequently find themselves inside a large black box from which they cannot escape. The box represents the constraints of being fictional characters unable to make any real choices. Peter announces that he will talk about the nature of conceptual reality, then informs the others that "it doesn\'t matter if we\'re in the box". He realizes that the difference between free will and pre-scripted action is illusory. As long as you can do anything you want, \'it doesn\'t matter\' if your choices were known in advance by some powerful entity in a higher level of context outside the universe, because the situation in which you find yourself is identical to one in which there is no outer context and you really are free. Unfortunately, the other three pay no attention to Pete\'s liberating revelation, which they characterize as navel-contemplating nonsense, and soon, even Pete forgets about it. While being chased by everyone they\'ve encountered  in the various vignettes, they run onto a bridge, shoving people out of the way. We see that they weren\'t being "wacky" at the beginning of the film; they were desperately trying to escape being mere scripted puppets. Finally, we see that they went to the bridge to make the ultimate assertion of free will. They jump off the edge and commit suicide, falling a very long way and slamming into the water far below. However in the final scene, we see that this, too, was scripted. The film\'s director hauls their soaked bodies away in a huge aquarium while the four stare blankly through the glass, motionless under the water. Laughing, he rolls the aquarium into a slot at the studio warehouse, to be taken out when he wants to use them again in another movie.The Monkees Tale by Eric LefcowitzMonkeemania: The True Story of the Monkees by Glenn A. BakerThe Monkees: The Day-By-Day Story of the 60s TV Pop Sensation by Andrew SandovalThe film "Head"'] ['In South Park, Colorado, Kenny McCormick, Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman and Stan Marsh are on their way to the local movie theater to see the new film Terrance and Phillip: Asses of Fire which stars the boys\' favorite Canadian comedy duo, Terrance and Phillip. The boys learn new words from the movie, which causes the other kids in town to see the picture. The kids of South Park Elementary School begin cursing in class, and Kyle, Cartman, Kenny and Stan are sent to Counselor Mackey\'s office, where he informs their parents. Learning that the language was from the movie, the parents force the teachers to abandon their previous lesson plans and run a rehab-like center{{dn}} for the kids to get them to stop swearing. After rehab, the boys and the rest of the children see the movie again. After Kenny dies as the result of lighting his fart on fire like in the movie , the boys are grounded, Kenny is sent to Hell where he meets Satan and Saddam Hussein who are gay lovers, the parents of South Park boycott Terrance and Phillip, and Sheila  has Terrance and Phillip arrested for corrupting the minds of America\'s children. As response to having the duo arrested, Canada strikes back by bombing the house of the Baldwin brothers, killing them. Cartman is implanted with a V-chip by Dr. Vosknocker which will shock Cartman every time he uses profanity. Stan is trying to win back a girl he likes, Wendy, who is hanging out with another boy named Gregory. Stan asks Chef for advice, and Chef tells him to find the clitoris, which is a word Stan does not recognize. Sheila and President Bill Clinton reveal on national news their plans to go to war with Canada in response to the killing of the Baldwins and to have Terrance and Phillip executed at a USO show. Meanwhile, Satan knows that the war is a sign to invade Earth, and if the blood of the two Canadians touches American soil, it will be time for him to rise up. Saddam wants to come with him, but Satan is tired of being bossed around by Saddam. Kenny tells Satan to break up with Saddam to which Satan initially agrees, but Saddam wins back Satan with a song. Kenny haunts Cartman as a ghost and tells him that Satan and Saddam Hussein plan to come to Earth and for Cartman to warn everybody. The boys have a secret meeting to talk about how they can save Terrance and Phillip. They form "La Resistance" and Gregory tells Stan to meet with a kid named The Mole to help them infiltrate the location of the USO show. La Resistance and The Mole infiltrate the USO show, but The Mole is killed by guard dogs. It is up to everyone else to save Terrance and Phillip and Cartman\'s V-Chip malfunctions due to a power surge. The kids save Terrance and Phillip, but the Canadians unexpectedly show up and a bloody battle ensues. Sheila shoots Terrance and Phillip which results in Satan and Saddam Hussein rising from the ground. The other moms decide to stop what they are doing, seeing as what they and their Mothers Against Canada organization started and head off to look for their sons. Stan finds the clitoris  in the woods who tells him to be confident in order to win back Wendy\'s love. Satan finally kills Saddam when he gets fed up with all the abuse and brings Kenny back from Hell, telling him can have any wish in exchange for encouraging him to kill Saddam. Kenny wishes for everything to return to the way it was before the War, which means he will remain dead. Kenny is sent to Heaven due to this act, the war has ended, the Canadians and Americans become friends again, and everything returns to normal. Back in South Park, Ike, still hiding in the attic, eats a rat in a post-credits scene'] ['The film opens with Katie  and Becca  meeting a gruesome, supernatural death seven days after watching a cursed videotape ([[The Ring . They die when the TV turns on by itself. In a farm outside Washington D.C., a widowed farmer and former reverend, Tom Logan  and his clumsy brother George  are walking through the farmfields when they discover a crop circle ([[Signs . The "circle" is part of a large arrow carved into the crops which point at the Logan house and spells out "ATTACK HERE". Since the previous film, the gang have all gone their separate ways. In Washington, Cindy Campbell , now an anchorwoman, announces the crop circles on the news and afterwards has an argument with her boss. He only wants stories featuring sex, violence and the weather. She later picks up her paranormally endowed nephew Cody  from school, where her best friend Brenda Meeks  now works as a teacher and is no longer dating Ray Wilkins . George Logan arrives to pick up his niece Sue, who is in the same class. George and Cindy are instantly smitten and he invites Cindy and Brenda to a rap-battle with his rapper friends Mahalik  and CJ ([[Kevin Hart  ([[8 Mile . Later that evening, George competes proves to actually be quite talented. But due to some unintentional racist blunders, he is thrown out. Following the battle, Brenda asks Cindy to keep her company, since she watched the cursed videotape herself. After playing several pranks on Cindy, she gets the rest of the popcorn in the lounge and is killed by the undead girl, Tabitha , who emerges from the set. George receives a phone call about the death and Tom meets with Sayaman, who apologises for the accident involving himself and Tom\'s wife Annie . During Brenda\'s wake, George and Mahalik wreak havoc on Brenda\'s corpse trying to bring her back to life. Cindy decides to watch the tape for herself and is also cursed. She calls George, CJ and Mahalik for help. CJ offers that his Aunt Shaneequa, might be able to help. Aunt Shaneequa , the Matrix The Oracle, and her husband Orpheus  agree to watch the tape. Shaneequa discovers the hidden image of a lighthouse, which Cindy must find to solve the mystery. When Cindy returns home, she finds that Cody watched the tape, condemning him to certain death. Back at work, Cindy searches through pictures of lighthouses, before finding the one from the tape. Desperate to save Cody\'s life, Cindy tries to warn everyone by entering a message into the news anchor\'s teleprompter, but she is interrupted by her boss and a janitor. The Logans hear the message and take it seriously since they encountered an alien disguised as Michael Jackson, and President Baxter Harris , who personally visits the farm to investigate the crop circles. Cindy ventures to the lighthouse, where she encounters The Architect . The loquacious  old man explains the story behind the killer tape. Tabitha was his evil adopted daughter, whom his wife drowned in the farm\'s well, but not before she imprinted her evil onto the tape. Unfortunately, he mistook the evil tape for a copy of Pootie Tang and returned it to Blockbuster Inc. instead, unleashing the curse. Returning home, Cindy discovers that her station has been broadcasting the evil tape for hours, and there have been various sightings of aliens around the world. Worse, Cody is missing. Cindy manages to track him back to the Logan farm, where he has taken refuge with George. Tom orders everybody into the basement for safety, as he, George and Mahalik go outside to fight off the extraterrestrials. The aliens  arrive, but reveal that they are in fact friendly and have come to stop Tabitha, since they accidentally watched the tape on a broadcast they had intercepted, thinking it was Pootie Tang. In the basement, Cindy realizes that the farm\'s cellar is what is seen on the tape and she finds the well where Tabitha was drowned under the cellar floor. Suddenly, Tabitha appears behind her. A short fight ensues, during which Tabitha takes Cody hostage. Cindy and George appeal to her, offering her a place in their family. Tabitha appears to accept the offer, and Cindy replies with "Really?" but Tabitha also replies with "Nah I\'m just screwing with you." and advances to Cindy and the others, but is accidentally knocked back into the well by President Harris. The aliens leave in peace, and Cindy and George get married. Leaving for their honeymoon, they realize they forget to take Cody with them, and the boy gets hit by a car while chasing them down the road.'] ['Mel Funn , a great film director, is now recovering from a drinking problem and down on his luck. He sets out to Big Picture Studios to pitch a new script to the Chief, aided by his ever-present sidekicks Dom Bell  and Marty Eggs . His big idea: the first silent motion picture in forty years. At first the Chief , who is in danger of losing the studio to the  rabid and greedy New York conglomerate Engulf & Devour (Harold Gould and [[Ron Carey , rejects the idea, but Funn convinces him that if he can get Hollywood\'s biggest stars to be in the film, he could save the studio. Funn, Eggs, and Bell proceed to recruit various people for the film. Their first target is Burt Reynolds, whom they first surprise in his shower. This does not go well, but they are able to sign him on by appearing at his house in disguise . They recruit James Caan despite a disastrous lunch in his broken trailer, and then torture Liza Minnelli at the commissary . They then disguise themselves as Flamenco dancers to get close to Anne Bancroft at a nightclub, and sign her on as well after a comical dance sequence. News breaks out that the Chief has taken ill and is in the hospital. While there, Mel phones Marcel Marceau in Paris who apparently declines the offer, delivering the only line of dialogue in the film, in French: "Non!" When asked by the others what Marceau said, Funn explains he doesn\'t understand French. It is never stated, but can be inferred that Marceau later changed his mind. Paul Newman is seen on the hospital grounds. After leading them on a wild Hollywood-style chase in electric wheelchairs, he asks to be in the film. Funn and company reply with the typical Hollywood-esque "We\'ll get back to you." In the next shot, a newspaper ad indicates that they rejected Newman. In the process of their search for stars, the trio have a number of brief but funny misadventures, including a mixup between two German Shepherds , a flying blueberry pie, and several  efforts by Marty Eggs to seduce various women. The most notable encounter involves a Coca Cola machine that dispenses cans by launching them like grenades. Engulf and Devour, meanwhile, worry that Funn will save Big Picture Studios and they will be unable to buy it. They attempt to "stop Funn with sex" by sending voluptuous nightclub sensation Vilma Kaplan  to seduce Funn and pretend to be in love with him. Funn falls head over heels, but when Eggs and Bell reveal the truth to him on the day before filming begins, the director returns to drinking. Ironically, moments after this turn of events, Vilma is seen calling Mr. Engulf with the news that she is quitting: she has fallen for Funn for real. She and Funn\'s associates find the director passed-out in a pile of winos, and several hundred cups of coffee sober him up. Funn\'s silent movie is completed in record time. Unfortunately, the only copy of it is stolen from the theater by Engulf & Devour just before its big premiere. Vilma volunteers to stall the theater\'s audience with her nightclub act while Funn and his associates go out to steal back their film. They succeed, but are chased by Engulf and Devour\'s thuggish executives. They are eventually cornered, but fortunately they are near the violent soda machine, which they use against their foes. Most of the executives, including Mr. Devour, are disabled by the exploding cans of Coke, allowing Funn, Eggs, and Bell to escape. They hurry the film to the theater, where it is shown for the first time. After the movie is over, the audience applauds wildly and leaps to its feet while balloons and streamers fill the air. "They seem to like it," Funn says. The film ends with the jubilant audience filing out of the theater past Funn, Eggs, Bell, Vilma, and the recovered studio chief. At the end, a title card is shown: "This is a true story."'] ['The story begins at Los Angeles airport, where Dr. Richard Thorndyke  has several odd encounters. He leaves for the institute with his driver, Brophy ([[Ron Carey . Upon his arrival, he is greeted by the staff, Dr. Montague , Dr. Wentworth  and Nurse Diesel . When he goes to his room, a large rock is thrown through the window, with a message of welcome from the Violent Ward. Thorndyke then hears strange noises coming from Nurse Diesel\'s room and when he and Brophy go to investigate, Diesel claims it was the TV. However, it was a passionate session of BDSM with Dr. Montague. The next morning, he is alerted by a light shining through his window. It is coming from the violent ward. Later, Nurse Diesel is talking with Dr. Wentworth. He wants to leave, but she won\'t let him. However, after some arguing, she says she\'ll let him go. When Wentworth is driving home that night, his radio blasts rock music loudly and will not shut off. He is trapped in his car, and he dies from an ear hemorrhage. After this, Thorndyke goes to the grand hotel - the broad-atriumed, vertigo-inducing Hyatt Regency San Francisco, where much to his dismay he is relegated to a room on the top floor, due to a reservation mix-up. He pesters the bellboy  with repeated requests about getting a newspaper, wanting to look in the obituary for information concerning Dr. Wentworth\'s demise. He then takes a shower, during which the bellboy comes and in a frenzy mimics stabbing Thorndyke with the paper while screaming "Here\'s your paper! Happy now?! Happy?" The paper\'s ink runs down the drain, a reference to Psycho. After his shower, a woman bursts through the door; she is Victoria Brisbane , the daughter of Arthur Brisbane . She wants help regarding her father. He agrees to the terms, but then finds out Nurse Diesel\'s plot. The patient is not the real Arthur Brisbane. To stop Thorndyke, Diesel and Montague hire a killer, "Braces" , to impersonate Thorndyke and shoot a man in the lobby. Now with the police after him, he must prove his innocence. He contacts Brophy, and realizes Brophy took a picture of the shooting. The real Thorndyke was in the elevator at the time, so he should be in the picture. He orders Brophy to enlarge the picture. When he goes to call, "Braces" tries to strangle him; however, Thorndyke is able to kill him. Brophy enlarges the photo, and Thorndyke is indeed visible in the picture. Nurse Diesel and Montague capture Brophy and take him to the North Wing. They also take the real Arthur Brisbane to a tower to kill him. As Thorndyke runs up the tower to save him and Brisbane, Nurse Diesel leaps out from the shadows in a witch\'s costume with a broom, and falls out the tower window. Thinking she really is a witch, she tries to act like she\'s flying, ending in her crashing into the rocks below, thus killing her. Dr. Montague appears from the shadows and gives up before being hit in the head by the lighthouse trap door by Brophy. Victoria is reunited with her father and gets married to Thorndyke who go off on Honeymoon.'] ["The Cocoanuts is set in the Hotel de Cocoanut, a resort hotel, during the Florida land boom of the 1920s. Mr. Hammer  runs the place, assisted by Jamison , who would rather sleep at the front desk than actually help him run it. Chico and Harpo arrive with empty luggage, which they plan to fill by robbing and conning the guests. Mrs. Potter  is one of the few paying customers. Her daughter Polly  is in love with struggling young architect Bob Adams . He works to support himself as a clerk at the hotel, but has plans for the development of the entire area. Mrs. Potter wants her daughter to marry Harvey Yates , whom she believes to be of higher social standing than the clerk. This suitor is actually a con man out to steal the dowager's diamond necklace with the help of his conniving partner Penelope ."] ['One narrative follows Miss Monde 1984/Miss Canada , who wins a contest of the "most virgin"; her prize is the marriage to a milk industry tycoon . However, following his degrading puritanical introduction to intercourse, she vents her intention to leave to her mother-in-law who, at that point, nearly has her killed. The family bodyguard  takes her away, further humiliates her, and finally packs her in a trunk bound for Paris. She finds herself on the Eiffel Tower, where she absently meets and has intercourse with a Latin singer, El Macho . The sexual act is interrupted by touring nuns who frighten the lovers into penis captivus. In her post-coital shocked state, she is adopted into an artist community led by Otto Muehl, where she finds affectionate care. The commune practices some liberating sessions, where a member, with the assistance of the others, goes through a birth experience, cries, urinates and defecates like a baby, while the others are cleaning and pampering him. Later she is seen acting for an obscene advertisement, in which she is naked, covered in liquid chocolate. The second narrative involves a woman, Anna Planeta  piloting a candy-filled boat down a river, with a large papier-mache head of Karl Marx on the prow. She picks up the hitchhiking sailor Potemkin , though she warns him that if he falls in love, she will kill him. He ignores her many suggestions for him to leave and their relationship evolves. Eventually, in the state of love making, she stabs him to death in their nidus of sugar. She also seduces children into her world of sweets and revolution. She is eventually apprehended and arrested by the police who lay down plastic sacks containing the children\'s bodies on the riverside, implying they too have been killed by Planeta. The film ends with the children, unseen by the others, being reborn from their plastic cocoons.'] ['Detective Allen Gamble  is a mild-mannered forensic accountant. Hot-tempered detective Terry Hoitz  has been stuck with Allen as his partner ever since he shot Derek Jeter during the World Series. Allen and Hoitz often receive no respect from the other officers, particularly detectives Martin and Fosse . Allen and all the policemen at the precinct  idolize cocky detectives Chris Danson and P.K. Highsmith , who are considered the city\'s best policemen even though they frequently cause millions of dollars in property damage catching petty criminals. During a pursuit of a group of jewelry robbers, Danson and Highsmith leap to their deaths after agreeing to aim for the bushes twenty stories below them [there were no bushes], leaving almost everyone wondering why they did it - and who\'s next to take their place. Allen and Terry begin to investigate a scaffolding permit violation by multi-billionaire David Ershon , but wind up uncovering a much bigger plot by Ershon to cover his losses to his client Lendl Global. Lendl CEO Pamela Boardman  hires a team of mercenaries led by Roger Wesley ([[Ray Stevenson  to make sure Ershon pays her back, and to make sure no one stops him from doing so. During their investigation, Allen confides in Terry about his college life running a dating service under the guise of "Gator," adamantly refuting Terry\'s accusation that he was a pimp. When his life spiraled out of control, he was sent to the hospital where he met his future wife Sheila , and he promised Sheila that he would never get out of control again. However, when having dinner one night with Sheila, she tells Allen that she\'s pregnant, causing Allen\'s old dark personality to re-emerge and she kicks him out of the house. Meanwhile, Terry tries and fails to reconnect with his ex-fiance Francine , who walked out on him due to his reckless behavior. Their investigation comes to a halt when Ershon\'s attorney Don Beaman  learns of his plan to cover his losses, leading Wesley to kill him and make it look like a suicide. Angered at their lack of progress, Capt. Gene Mauch  splits up Allen and Terry, sending Terry to traffic duty and Allen to beat patrol. Despite Terry\'s anger at him and his personal life, Allen still tries to solve the crime on his own and after learning that the jewelry robbery that Danson and Highsmith died over was staged so that Wesley and his team could break into an accounting firm next door, he finally gets credible evidence and earns his gun back from Mauch. Allen then convinces Terry to rejoin him. They meet Capt. Mauch at Bed Bath & Beyond, his second job, where the police captain admits he has been holding off on the case because Ershon has high-profile connections that could ruin him, and he allows them to finish the case off-the-books. They go to an investment meeting Ershon is having and realize that the $32 billion Ershon seeks is really coming from the New York Police Department pension fund. They escape with Ershon to his private apartment, and Ershon tells them that the money for the pension fund is already in his account, ready to be transferred. That night, Allen and Terry finally reconcile with their loved ones. Allen professes his full love for Sheila. Sheila welcomes her husband back, and Terry apologizes to Francine for letting his anger rule his life. The next morning, they drive to the bank to stop the transfer, evading Wesley\'s team, groups of Chechen and Nigerian investors to whom Ershon owes money, and police officers who are told Allen and Terry have gone rogue. They reach the bank and halt the transfer, but Wesley arrives and shoots both officers and Ershon. Mauch finally arrives with police backup, rescuing the two and arresting Ershon for his embezzlement, and Wesley for multiple counts of murder. Ershon\'s arrest leads to a stock market crash and the subsequent federal bailout of Lendl Global. Terry gets married to Francine, although he is infatuated with Sheila. Sheila is happily back with her husband. The narrator finishes off stating that the true heroes are the ones who make the world a better place, not the ones who appear in the newspaper or on TV.'] ["A group of aspiring actors are putting together a musical revue called Love Happy. Harpo, the troupe's mascot, keeps the actors from starving by stealing canned goods from a local grocer. On one occasion, he accidentally grabs a sardine can containing the stolen Romanoff diamonds. As a result, Harpo becomes the target of adventuress Madame Egilichi  and her stooges (Melville Cooper, Raymond Burr, [[Bruce Gordon ."] ['Holly and Jackie form a small group of "women\'s libbers". They convince Candy, a wealthy socialite who has an incestous relationship with her brother, to join them at their meetings. The group needs Candy\'s membership to bring money and "glamour" to their cause.'] ["Naive schoolgirl Camille Pelleveau meets the slightly older and more experienced Joëlle, a promiscuous woman who has just been thrown out of a car by her abusive boyfriend. Camille follows Joëlle as they go on a rampage where she discovers sex as they pick up men. Joëlle also shows Camille the darker side of life, as they start by crashing the men's cars and then decide to take on the whole town. However, medical researcher Dr. Marc Antoine Worms has invented a sexually transmitted disease and used Joëlle as a guinea pig by infecting her with it, so that he could become famous as the discoverer of its cure. Camille eventually learns about AIDS and fears she may have contracted the disease. The story involves flashbacks, and in one sequence we learn that Camille's parents are feuding. Illogically, she tries to persuade them to reunite long enough for her conception to take place. The surreal plot and series of stylized scenes is in keeping with postmodern cinema, which challenges the notion of original creative thought."] ['John  and Dean  are two sheltered happy-go-lucky brothers who want nothing more than to please their ailing father . Deciding a grandson will do the trick, the clueless boys set out to find a woman who can give them a baby. Finding Janine  on Craigslist, the brothers find the woman of their dreams, artificially inseminating her and spending the next nine months on a roller coaster of life, facing romantic and parental challenges along the way that are no match for their sunny attitude.'] ['Sid Boggle  and his friend Bernie Lugg  are partners in a plumbing business. They take their girlfriends, the prudish Joan Fussey  and meek Anthea Meeks , to the cinema to see the film Paradise about a nudist camp. Sid has the idea of the foursome holidaying there, reasoning that in the environment their heretofore chaste girlfriends will relax their strict moral standards. Sid easily gains Bernie\'s co-operation in the scheme, which they bravely attempt to keep secret from the girls. They travel to the campsite named Paradise. After paying the fees to the owner, money-grabbing farmer Josh Fiddler , Sid realises it is not the camp of the film but a standard family campsite. Furthermore, it not a paradise but a damp field with the only facilities being a basic ablutions block. They reluctantly agree to stay after Fiddler refuses a refund and the girls approve of the place. There is further disappointment when the girls won\'t share a tent with the boys. Sid and Bernie soon set their sights on a bunch of young ladies on holiday from the Chayste Place finishing school. The ringleader of the girls is blonde and bouncy Babs . In charge of the girls is Dr Soaper , who is fervently pursued by his lovelorn colleague, the school\'s matron, Miss Haggard . During an outdoor aerobics session led by Dr Soaper, Babs\' bikini top flies off and is caught by Soaper.  Other campers are Peter Potter , who hates camping but must endure a jolly yet domineering wife Harriet , who has a hideous braying cackle. Naive first-time camper Charlie Muggins ([[Charles Hawtrey , completes the mismatched trio. Chaos ensues when a group of hippies arrive in the next field for a noisy all-night rave - a live concert by band "The Flowerbuds". The campers club together and successfully drive the ravers away, but all the girls leave with them. However, there is a happy ending for Bernie and Sid when their girlfriends finally agree to sleep with them. Their joy is short-lived when Joan\'s mother turns up but Anthea lets a goat loose which chases Joan\'s mother away.'] ['Benjamin Purvis lives with his mother Judith, who designs tacky clothes and makes rock hard popcorn balls. Judith and Benjamin make ends meet by working at a women\'s retail clothing store. Benjamin spends his spare time writing science fiction stories, and he has recently completed a story called "Yeast Lords" that centers on a hero named Bronco, modeled after his long-dead father. At a two-day writing camp for aspiring fantasy and science fiction authors, Benjamin attends lectures by his idol Ronald Chevalier. Chevalier announces a contest for the writers, in which the winner\'s story will be published nationally. After encouragement from fellow camper Tabitha, Benjamin submits "Yeast Lords". Tabatha shows the story to her friend Lonnie Donaho who runs an ultra low-budget video production company. Lonnie gives Benjamin a post-dated check for $500 and begins adapting "Yeast Lords" into a film. Throughout the film, portions of "Yeast Lords" are enacted as Benjamin imagines it. Bronco is infinitely masculine, and he valiantly struggles with a villain over yeast production. As Chevalier reviews the stories from the campers, he gets a call from his publisher, rejecting his latest manuscript. Panicked, he picks up Benjamin\'s story, and it sparks his imagination. Chevalier changes Bronco into Brutus, an extremely effeminate transgendered hero, but otherwise leaves the story intact. His publisher loves it, and the novel is rushed into production. Benjamin is sickened to see how badly Donaho has adapted his work, and he abruptly leaves the local premiere of the film with Tabatha. They go to a bookstore where he discovers Chevalier\'s plagiarism. He confronts Chevalier at a local book signing, assaulting him with some merchandise Chevalier had offered him in exchange for keeping his theft quiet. Judith comes to visit her son in jail to give him his birthday present. She hands him a box of manuscripts, all officially bound by the Writers Guild of America. She explains that she has been registering all his stories with them since he was seven years old, thinking they would make a nice keepsake for his children. "Yeast Lords" is one of the registered stories. The film ends with copies of Chevalier\'s novel being replaced on store shelves with Benjamin\'s. Over the closing credits, he sits and proudly watches a fashion show featuring his mother\'s designs.'] ['The film opens with three hitmen, Willy, Norwood, and Simms  who are staying in a posh Los Angeles hotel. After failing a job, they take off in a car with a whiny pregnant woman named Velma , who is in on their scheme. They then flee to Mexico to escape the wrath of their boss, Amos Dade , and rob a bank along the way. While driving through the desert, their car breaks down due to Simms having filled the gasoline tank with diesel by mistake. They bury their suitcase of money in the desert and begin to walk. Night falls, and they come upon a town in the middle of the desert, where they see a demolished car with a corpse inside. They then enter an empty bar, where the three men get drunk and Velma angrily pesters them to leave. As they exit the bar, the wrecked car has vanished, but the men are too inebriated to notice it. The group camps out for the night, and the following morning, Velma witnesses several trucks of lively cowboys enter the town, carrying espresso machines with them. Much to the dismay of Velma, who insists they keep a low profile and leave, the three men enter the town, which is now full of townspeople, and go back to the bar. There, they are confronted by a gang of cowboys addicted to coffee, and a shoot-out ensues, but they are ultimately welcomed by the townspeople. The bizarre townspeople include a couple who own a mercantile full of piñatas, a man running a hot dog stand, and countless cowboys and prostitutes, among others. The head honcho of the town, Tim McMahon , invites the gang to a party that evening. The following day, Tim McMahon\'s elderly father is pushed off of a building by his relative Sabrina McMahon  and dies. The entire town has a funeral procession for him, and at the funeral, a friend of Amos\', named Whitey, shows up looking for the hitmen and Velma. The town seizes Whitey for being a "stranger", and accuses him of the murder of the McMahon grandfather. During the burial of the grandfather, his hand comes up out of the dirt and grabs the priest\'s ankle, and the priest shoots into the ground, killing him. Meanwhile, on the gallows, Whitey begins to tell the town the truth about Amos and the hitmen, but is hanged before he can tell his story. A man named I.G. Farben , who claims to be a house manufacturer, enters town with his wife Sonia  and introduces himself to the gang and the rest of the townspeople, advertising his company. The next morning, Simms sees Amos\' car enter the town, and tries to get a drunken Willy and Norwood to leave with Velma. A series of shootouts begin between the townspeople, Amos\' crew, and the hitmen, and I.G. Farben and Sonia provide high-grade weapons for the killers. Tim McMahon joins Amos\' team after having wrongfully hanged Whitey, and everyone begins to turn against each other. As Simms and Willy run into the desert, a shootout ensues with the town priest. They reach the spot where they buried the money, and Simms shoots Willy as they are trying to lift the suitcase out of the ground. Simms then hears Velma laughing, and turns around only to be shot by Velma and one of the townsmen. After Velma shoots Simms several times, the townman with her is shot by Tim McMahon. Tim and Velma then take off arm-in-arm with the suitcase of money, while Simms and Willy die. Meanwhile in town, chaos has ensued, and the town hardware store is set on fire. Amos is shot in the head, and virtually everyone in the town is killed, aside from Norwood and several prostitutes. Tim and Velma leave the town in a truck with the suitcase of money, but accidentally drive off of a cliff when their brakes go out, and die as the car explodes in mid-air. Norwood leaves town with the prostitutes, and the film ends with Farben Oil Company trucks entering the town to drill for oil. The end of the film announces an imminent sequel: Back to Hell, despite the fact that almost every main character is killed at the end of the film. Although the sequel was never made, upon the film\'s DVD release, Cox reassembled much of the cast and crew for a short documentary called Back to Hell, in which they reminisce about the making of the film.'] ["The plot focuses on Jon Lovitz's character, Richard Clark, attempting to improve the school where he is teaching, which is extreme to the point that there are reserved parking spaces for SWAT team and National Guard members. He is assisted by his co-worker turned girlfriend, Victoria Chapell . Together they turn the school around in the ghetto to become a fine establishment suitable for education. In the end of the film, Doyle, the principal, is exposed as a drug dealer and is arrested, the main six students throughout the movie graduate , Griff delivers the valedictorian speech and Clark makes good on his promise to help Griff attend college, is now principal, and is in a relationship with Victoria."] ['The film tells the story of Sissy Hankshaw , a woman born with a mutation  giving her enormously large thumbs. The film is a transgressive romp, covering topics from homosexuality and free love to drug use and political rebellion to animal rights and body odor and religions. Sissy makes the most of her thumbs by becoming a hitchhiker. Her travels take her to New York, where she becomes a model for a transvestite feminine hygiene products mogul who introduces her to the man whom she will marry, a staid Mohawk named Julian Gitche . In her later travels, she encounters, among many others, a sexually open cowgirl named Bonanza Jellybean  and an itinerant escapee from the Japanese internment camps happily mislabeled "The Chink" .'] ['Barry Egan  owns a company that markets themed toilet plungers and other novelty items. He has seven overbearing sisters who ridicule and emotionally abuse him regularly and leads a very lonely life punctuated by fits of rage. In the span of one morning, he witnesses a bizarre car accident, picks up an abandoned harmonium from the street, and encounters Lena Leonard , who orchestrated the meeting after seeing him in a family picture belonging to his sister Elizabeth , a co-worker of Lena\'s. Barry calls a phone sex hotline for conversation, but the operator attempts to extort money and sends her four henchmen, who are brothers, to collect. This complicates his budding relationship with Lena, as well as his plan to exploit a loophole in a Healthy Choice promotion and amass a million frequent flyer miles by buying large quantities of pudding (based on the true story of [[David Phillips . After Lena leaves for Hawaii on a business trip, Barry decides to follow her. He arrives and calls one of his manipulative sisters to learn where Lena is staying. When his sister tries manipulating him again, Barry snaps and demands she give him the information, which she does. Lena is unexpectedly overjoyed to see Barry, and they have a pillow talk scene. At first, Barry explains that he is in Hawaii on a business trip by coincidence, but he soon admits that he came to pursue a romantic relationship. After they return home, the four brothers ram their car into Barry\'s, leaving Lena mildly injured. An enraged Barry is attacked by the brothers, one of whom wields a tire iron. With surprising skill, he fights them off despite being outnumbered. He later leaves Lena at the hospital and tries to end the harassment by calling the phone-sex line and speaking to the "supervisor", who turns out to be Dean Trumbell , owner of a mattress store. Barry travels to Provo, Utah, to confront him in person. Dean, at first trying to intimidate Barry, finds Barry much more intimidating and Barry forces him to leave him alone. This scene is made more intimidating by the fact that Barry carried the phone that he had called Trumbell with all the way to Utah and is holding it at his side. Barry tells Lena his story and begs her for forgiveness, pledging to use his frequent-flier miles to accompany her on all future trips. She readily agrees, and they embrace happily. Lena approaches Barry in his office while he plays the harmonium. She puts her arms around him and says, "So, here we go."'] ["Two childhood friends ([[Oliver James  reunite years later to take part in an unusual quest that involves traveling into the woods in search of Ben's high school sweetheart. They are joined by their British rival Nigel  and, as the stakes get higher and the squirrels turn hostile, the hapless trio attempts to navigate a raging river while realizing that sometimes nature isn't all it's cracked up to be."] ['Virgil Starkwell  enters a life of crime at a young age. The "plot" traces his crime spree, his first prison term and eventual escape, the birth and growth of his family, as well as his eventual capture at the hands of the FBI. His multiple crimes include stealing paines of glass from Jewerly stores, Robbing pet stores, and carving bars of soap into guns to escape from jail. He also robs a man who turns out to be his former friend who reveals he is now a cop, and the movie ends with Woody admitting he got 700 years in prison, but " with good behavior, can get that cut in half" Starkwell grew up in New Jersey, and played the cello  in his towns marching band.'] ['Following the events of the episode "Say Goodnight to the Bad Guys", the film opens with Ricky , Julian  and Bubbles ([[Mike Smith  being released from prison. Upon returning to Sunnyvale Trailer Park, Bubbles finds that all of his kittens have been sent to an animal shelter and that he will need to pay thousands of dollars in order to have them released; secondly, Ricky and Julian successfully rob a liquor store, but Julian uses all the money to buy a car and refurbish his trailer into an auto-body shop. Ricky\'s plan is to pass his Grade 12 exam, which he feels will open doors of opportunity for him. Jim Lahey  is sober and has opened up a posh new trailer park while attempting to demolish Sunnyvale. Lahey\'s only problem is that his new sewer line will have to run through Julian\'s lot, so he tries to convince Julian to move. One sip of beer causes him to revert back to heavy drinking. After Randy  leaves him and moves out of their trailer and on to Julian\'s deck, Lahey goes on a liquor-fueled rampage. Meanwhile, the boys experience failure: Julian\'s auto-body business is failing, Ricky fails his Grade 12 exam, and Bubbles\' kitties remain in the animal shelter after a failed attempt to rescue them. He is told that the kitties will be put down soon unless he can raise the money to have them released. Lahey, drunk again, destroys Ricky\'s new marijuana growing operation and also demolishes Julian\'s trailer in an attempt to get Julian to move. However, the plan backfires as Julian has insured his trailer for $28,000. With nothing left to live for and his dream of operating his new posh trailer park ruined by Julian\'s refusal to move, Lahey loses his sanity. The boys decide to rob a bank disguised as security guards making an armored-car transport as a last resort while Julian waits for the insurance check to save Bubbles\' kitties. They succeed in obtaining the money from the vault but they are foiled by Lahey showing up at the last minute. Lahey threatens to commit suicide by threatening to jump off the roof of the bank. Julian prevents this, however, it takes too long and the real security guards show up. The boys are arrested and sent back to prison after a car chase with the police and security guards. Ricky, Julian, and Bubbles receive a short 2-week sentence due to their arresting officer being drunk but request not to be filmed anymore. Bubbles\' kitties are saved through a therapy animal program at the prison where the cats are released and spend time with the inmates. Bubbles secures a date with the animal control worker who saved his kitties, and presumabely the boys return to Sunnyvale with Julian building a new trailer with the insurance money. The closing scene shows Lahey drunk in Cuba, after absconding with the stolen money. Even though Lahey is now rich, he is shown to still be a miserable drunk. J-Roc  is also shown to have finally reached his goal of becoming a famous rapper, as he has a released new record, and is on stage in front of a large, enthusiastic crowd.'] [' The film tells the story of Nick Rivers , a US pop singer , who goes to East Germany to perform at a cultural festival. While there, he becomes involved in the French resistance movement and helps the beautiful Hillary Flammond  rescue her father , a brilliant scientist being held by the East Germans and forced to build the deadly Polaris naval mine. The film also features short performances by Omar Sharif as Agent Cedric, and Peter Cushing as a Swedish bookstore proprietor, in a scene filmed completely in reverse.'] 