["Greaser's Palace follows Jesse , a Christ-like figure in a zoot-suit, on his way to Jerusalem to find work as a singer-dancer-actor. In a run-down Western town, he runs afoul of the local boss, Seeweedhead Greaser , until he brings Greaser's son Lamy  back from the dead."] ['William Blake , an accountant from Cleveland, Ohio, rides by train to the frontier company town of Machine to assume a promised job as a bookkeeper in the town\'s Dickinson metal works. During the trip, a Fireman  warns Blake against the enterprise while passengers shoot buffalo from the train windows. Arriving in town, Blake discovers that his position has already been filled, and is driven from the workplace at gunpoint by John Dickinson , the ferocious owner of the company. Jobless and without money or prospects, Blake meets Thel Russell , a former prostitute who sells paper flowers. He lets her take him home. Thel\'s ex-boyfriend Charlie  surprises them in bed and shoots Blake, accidentally killing Thel when she tries to shield Blake with her body. A wounded Blake shoots and kills Charlie with Thel\'s gun before climbing dazedly out the window and fleeing Machine on a stolen pinto. Company-owner Dickinson, the father of Charlie, hires three legendary frontier killers, Cole Wilson , Conway Twill , and Johnny "The Kid" Pickett  to hunt down Blake as the murderer of his son and Thel, although he seems to care most about recovering the stolen horse. Blake awakens to find a large American Indian  attempting to dislodge the bullet from his chest. The Indian, calling himself Nobody, reveals that the bullet is too close to Blake\'s heart to remove, and Blake is effectively walking dead. When he learns Blake\'s full name, Nobody decides Blake is a reincarnationIn an interview Jarmusch states "For Nobody, the journey is a continuing ceremony whose purpose is to deliver Blake back to the spirit-level of the world. To him, Blake\'s spirit has been misplaced and somehow returned to the physical realm." http://www.nytrash.com/deadman/deadjj.html of William Blake, a poet whom he idolizes but of whom accountant Blake himself is ignorant. Nobody resolves to escort Blake to the Pacific Ocean to return him to his proper place in the spirit-world. Blake and Nobody travel west, leaving a trail of dead and encountering wanted posters announcing higher and higher bounties for Blake\'s death or capture. Nobody sends Blake into a camp of psychotic fur trappers, whom he and Blake dispatch. Blake learns of Nobody\'s past, marked both by Native American and White racism, which includes Nobody\'s abduction to Europe as a model savage and subsequent return to America. Nobody leaves Blake alone in the wild when he decides Blake must undergo a vision quest. On his quest, Blake kills two U.S. Marshals, experiences visions of nature spirits, and grieves over the remains of a dead fawn that was killed accidentally by his pursuers. He paints his face with the fawn\'s blood and rejoins Nobody on their journey. Meanwhile, the most ferocious member of the bounty hunter posse, Cole Wilson , has killed his comrades  and continued his hunt alone. At a trading post, a bigoted missionary  identifies Blake and attempts to kill him, resulting in a shootout which Blake and Nobody survive. Shortly after, Blake is shot again and his condition rapidly deteriorates. Nobody takes him by river to a Makah village and convinces the tribe to give him a canoe for Blake\'s ship burial. Blake deliriously trudges through the village before collapsing from his injuries. He awakens in a canoe on a beach, wearing Native American funeral dress. Nobody bids Blake farewell and pushes him out to sea. As he floats away, Blake watches Cole sneak up behind Nobody, but he is too weak to cry out and can only watch as the two shoot and kill each other. As Blake gazes up at the clouds for the last time, he dies and his canoe drifts out to sea.'] ['The film takes place in two parts. The first half resembles a western; albeit a surreal one. The second is a love story of redemption and rebirth.  The first half opens with El Topo  traveling through a desert on horseback with his naked young son. They come across a town whose inhabitants have been slaughtered, and El Topo hunts down and kills the perpetrators and their leader, a fat balding Colonel. El Topo abandons his son to the monks of the settlement\'s mission and rides off with a woman whom the Colonel had kept as a slave. El Topo names the woman Mara, and she convinces him to defeat four great gun masters to become the greatest gunman in the land. Each gun master represents a particular religion or philosophy, and El Topo learns from each of them before instigating a duel. El Topo is victorious each time, not through superior skill but through trickery or luck. After the first duel, a black-clad woman with a male voice finds the couple and guides them to the remaining gun masters. As he kills each master, El Topo has increasing doubts about his mission, but Mara persuades him to continue. Having killed all four, El Topo is ridden with guilt, destroys his own gun and revisits the places where he killed those masters, finding their graves swarming with bees. The unnamed woman confronts El Topo and shoots him multiple times in the manner of stigmata. Mara then betrays him and rides off with the woman, while El Topo collapses and is carried away by a group of dwarves and mutants.  The second half of the film takes place years later. El Topo awakes in a cave, to find that the tribe of deformed outcasts have taken care of him and set him up as a God-like figure, while he has been asleep and meditating on the gun masters\' "four lessons". The outcasts dwell in a system of caves which have been blocked in - the only exit is out of their reach due to their deformities. When El Topo awakes, he is \'born again\' and decides to help the outcasts escape. He is able to reach the exit and together with a dwarf girl who becomes his lover, performs for the depraved cultists of the neighbouring town, to raise money for dynamite. A young monk arrives in the town to be the new priest, but is disgusted by the perverted form of religion the cultists practice. He also discovers that El Topo is his father, who had abandoned him to the mission. He threatens to kill El Topo, but agrees to wait until he has succeeded in freeing the outcasts. With the help of his now pregnant girlfriend and son, El Topo creates a new exit from the cave. The outcasts come streaming out, but as they enter the town they are shot down by the cultists. El Topo helplessly witnesses his community being slaughtered and is shot himself. Ignoring his own wounds he massacres the cultists, then takes an oil lamp and immolates himself. His girlfriend gives birth at the same time as his death, and she and his son make a grave for his remains. This becomes a beehive like the gun masters\' graves. As the film ends, El Topo\'s son, girlfriend and baby ride off on horseback, the son now wearing his father\'s clothes.'] ["Harry Collings  and Arch Harris  are two saddle tramps who have grown weary after seven years of wandering through the southwest. Along with a younger companion, Dan Griffen , they stop off in Del Norte, a ramshackle town in the middle of nowhere run by the corrupt McVey . Harris and Griffen discuss traveling to California to look for work when Collings abruptly informs them he has decided to return to the wife he had left years before. Griffen temporarily leaves the two in a bar while he goes to buy supplies. Some town thugs shoot him to death out of pure meanness. Collings and Harris manage to escape, but they return that night and Collings shoots McVey repeatedly in his feet, crippling him. After riding hundreds of miles back to his old house, Collings finds that he is understandably less than welcome by his wife, Hannah . In order to be allowed to stay, he offers his services not as a husband but as a mere “hired hand”. Hannah agrees and quickly puts him to work. Gradually, the distrust and unease caused by years of estrangement slip away, and the two begin to become close again. For the first time, Collings finds himself willing to settle down forever. McVey and his troupe of hooligans, however, suddenly make it difficult for Collings to make what should have been an easy decision. They kidnap Harris and Collings is forced to leave Hannah once again to save his friend. In a subsequent brutal shootout with McVey's gang, all of the villains are killed but Collings is fatally wounded. Harris rides back alone to Hannah's house."] ['Willet Gashade , a former bounty hunter, returns to his small mining camp after a lengthy absence and finds his slow-witted friend Coley  in a state of fear. Coley explains to Gashade that their partner, Leland Drum , had been shot to death two days before by an unseen assassin. The killing was possibly committed in revenge for the accidental trampling death of “a little person” in town, which may have been caused by Gashade’s brother, Coin. Coin had inexplicably rushed away from their camp moments before the shooting death. Gashade and Coley become increasingly paranoid, and Gashade takes his friend’s gun away from him. The following day, a young woman  shoots her horse to death immediately outside of the camp. The sound of the gunshot temporarily sends the frightened Coley into hiding. Gashade examines the dead horse and notes that it appeared to be perfectly healthy. The woman offers Gashade a thousand dollars to lead her to a place called Kingsley. Although openly distrustful of her, he grudgingly accepts the offer. Coley, apparently smitten by the woman, accompanies them.  The young woman is rude and insulting to both Gashade and Coley. She refuses to tell them her name. The three stop briefly in Crosstree. Gashade learns that Coin was seen there only a day or two before. As they continue traveling slowly through the hot desert, Gashade observes that they are being followed by a stranger dressed in black, Billy Spear , who continues to keep his distance from them. Gashade sees that the woman appears to be signaling to the man. Coley makes attempts to talk to the woman but she continually taunts and insults him. She also repeatedly refuses to answer any of Gashade’s questions regarding the purpose of their journey. At night, Spear suddenly walks into their camp and joins them. Hired by the woman as a gunslinger for reasons unknown, Spear is suspicious and hostile toward Gashade and contemptuous of Coley. He repeatedly threatens both of their lives. Gashade advises Coley to keep away from Spear. The woman rides her horse hard. When it dies of exhaustion, Coley gives his horse to the woman and Gashade allows Coley to ride with him. Later, when Gashade\'s horse shows signs of fatigue, Gashade tells Coley to join the woman on her horse, but Spear forbids him from doing so. The woman says that the journey would be much easier without Coley. She and Spear demand that he be left behind. Gashade reluctantly agrees, and he tells Coley he will come back for him soon. The three see a bearded man  sitting in the middle of the desert nursing a broken leg. The man tells the woman that the person she is seeking is only one day\'s ride away. She leaves him a canteen of water. Meanwhile, the bearded man\'s lost horse is found by Coley. He mounts the horse, and rides back to the group. He charges Spear. Spear shoots him dead. Gashade buries his friend in the sand. All of the horses die. The group runs out of water, but they still keep moving. Gashade sees Spear growing weaker and attacks him. After knocking him unconscious, Gashade grabs a large rock and crushes the killer\'s gun hand. Gashade walks after the woman, who is now closely following a man up the side of a rock formation. The man turns around and Gashade sees that the man is his look-alike brother, Coin. Gashade attempts to tackle the woman as she pulls out a gun and takes aim at Coin, but it is too late: Coin and the woman shoot each other dead. Gashade, lying next to the woman\'s corpse, whispers, "Coin." Spear stumbles aimlessly under the hot sun.'] ['A group of soldiers pulls up to a modest white house and goes inside. Moments later, they exit, dragging a boy in a dress who is frantically resisting them. The soldiers throw the boy in a wagon with other boys, one of whom is also dressed as a woman to avoid conscription. At the Dixon home, the soldiers search for Drew ([[Barry Brown  despite his mother\'s protest. She explains that she has already lost one son to the war. When the soldiers leave, Drew emerges from his hiding place. His parents give him $100 and urge him to go West, giving him their picture and his brother\'s watch as mementos. In St. Joseph, Missouri, Drew is approached by Jake Rumsey  who pistol-whips him and takes his money in an alley. Jake runs a gang of petty thieves who steal purses and rob children of their pocket change. While Drew is recovering at a minister\'s house, Jake arrives to return the purse that one of his gang stole from the minister\'s wife, hoping to collect a reward. Once inside, he purloins various household items until Drew sees him and attacks, demanding his money back. After a long struggle, Jake finally bests Drew and convinces him that he has no choice but to join his gang, as the Army will catch him if he tries to board a wagon train as is his plan. Jake introduces Drew to his gang of thieves: the brothers Jim Bob  and Loney Logan ([[John Savage , Arthur Simms , and the ten-year old Boog Bookin . Loney demands that Drew demonstrate his worth by committing a robbery and bringing in some money. Drew agrees and claims to have robbed a hardware store, when in fact he simply took $12 from his boot where he is hiding his parent\'s money. The gang heads West, hoping to improve their fortunes. At night, Drew reads to everyone from Jane Eyre. When they spy a rabbit, all six of them shoot at it, barely managing to kill it. Jake orders Boog to clean the rabbit, but Boog declines. Jake is stunned to realize that no one in the gang knows how to clean the rabbit. He demonstrates how to do it, but his barely contained disgust reveals that he is skinning his first rabbit. The next day, a settler and his wife are returning from the West, where they went bust. The settler offers his wife to all six boys for $10. Drew declines, citing his morals. The following morning, Big Joe  and his thugs, led by Hobbs ([[Geoffrey Lewis , come upon the boys while they are still asleep. During the robbery, Jake aims his gun at Big Joe, but doesn\'t have the nerve to fire. Flat broke, the gang tries to mount a string of unsuccessful robberies, which eventually grow tragic as Boog is shot while he runs with a pie from a window sill. The gang finally disintegrates for good when the Logan brothers rob Jake and Drew, taking his brother\'s watch and the horses. Left with only a mule, Jake and Drew wander aimlessly. Eventually, they come across the Logan brothers\' corpses hanging from a tree. Big Joe\'s gang has killed them, and as Jake and Drew bury their bodies, Hobbs leads the thugs to attack them, despite Big Joe\'s warning that they would bungle the job. Sure enough, Jake and Drew manage to kill all four thugs, and as Drew leans over Hobbs to retrieve his watch, he reveals a hole in his boot. Jake sees a $10 bill through the hole and realizes that Drew had lied about robbing the hardware store. He pistol-whips Drew again and takes the money. When Drew awakens, he wanders alone, swearing that he\'ll kill Jake if he ever sees him again. Seeing smoke on the horizon, he investigates, only to find that it was the result of a burning barn, set afire during a raid by Big Joe. Before he is hanged for taking part in the raid, one of Joe\'s men confirms to Drew that Jake has joined up with the gang. Drew joins the posse in order to get his revenge on Jake. The posse captures Big Joe\'s gang, and as Drew guards Jake, he realizes how guilty he is by lying about his money. Jake offers to split $1,000 that the gang has buried. Drew helps him escape during the night, but after a few days of riding, he realizes that there is no buried money. Jake assumes that Drew will kill him, but Drew swears instead to stick with Jake until he has repaid every cent that he owes Drew. In the final scene, as they approach a town, Jake asks Drew, "So how\'d that Jane Eyre turn out in the end?" Drew replies, "Fine. Just fine." The two boys walk into the Wells Fargo and rob it.'] ["In 1853, soldier-of-fortune William Walker  flees Mexico after a failed attempt to incite an armed insurrection. He is placed on trial by US officials, but wins acquittal on breaking the neutrality act. Walker believes in Manifest Destiny and has plans to marry and start a newspaper until his fianceé Ellen Martin  dies of cholera. Financed by American multimillionaire Cornelius Vanderbilt , Walker and 60 mercenaries embark on a mission to overthrow Nicaragua, to secure Vanderbilt's rights over an overland shipping route between the Atlantic and Pacific. Walker and his corps score a bloody victory in Nicaragua and when the capital falls, Walker allows the president to stay in charge, but takes his mistress, Doña Yrena . With increasing disruption in the country, Walker orders the president shot and assumes the presidency. From 1855 to 1857, his actions as president are manic and delusional with Walker antagonizing his financial backer, by revoking Vanderbilt's license to the overland trade route. Nicaragua and its neighbors unite to rid themselves of the unwelcome dictator and they drive the despot out. Eventually his further forays into Central America lead to his capture and execution."] 