["Aboard the cargo ship McRuby, docked in New York, six stowaways burst from one of the containers being unloaded. They flee from the ship, but are apprehended by dock workers and the New York police. The McRuby's Ukrainian crew watches the detention with some amusement, but the ship's captain and his first mate, Ion Plesin, are displeased, aware that the illegal immigrants will cost the shipping company hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines. In response, company representative Andreas Vlachos arrives to oversee future operations and warn that the crew will be liable for any more such fines. Later, the McRuby is docked in Ghana, where dock worker Kingsley Ofosu plans to some day stow away aboard a cargo ship to pursue a better life for himself and his pregnant wife in the United States. Upon winning a lottery, he decides that the time is right, as he can use the money to get on his feet upon his arrival. Ofosu, his brother and six other men slip aboard the McRuby and hide in its cargo holds. With the ship behind schedule, Plesin has only one hour to conduct a stowaway search prior to departure. The hasty endeavor fails to turn up Ofosu's group and the ship sails, bound for France, prior to sailing on to New York. Ofosu's group encounters another stowaway, who had boarded the ship in Cameroon. The men jovially discuss the vocations they intend to pursue in the United States. Later, their water container breaks, forcing them to leave the cargo area to forage for food and water. They leave evidence of the presence, which is then discovered by the crew. To prevent Vlachos from learning that the stowaway search had been incomplete, the captain has Plesin assemble a small team to conduct a secret perquisition. The stowaways are found and Plesin discusses the predicament with the captain. Given the illegal immigrant fines, they cannot bring the stowaways into port. However, they also cannot alter course to drop the men off somewhere, as Vlachos would then find out about them. The Africans are taken to be hidden within the ship's anchor hold. When they object, they find Plesin unsympathetic to their desire to escape poverty. He points out that if the stowaways' presence becomes known, he and his men will be fired, and any other jobs they can find in Ukraine will pay even less than the meager wages earned by Ofosu on the docks in Ghana. The stowaways are forced into the hold and initially left without food or water. Yuri, one of Plesin's men, takes pity and secretly delivers them a little water, but he is powerless to do more. As the stowaways suffer, Ofosu laments that he has led the group to their deaths. The captain finally acquiesces to Plesin's plan to kill the stowaways. The men are taken from the hold in small groups. As each group is brought into another area, they are ambushed and their bodies thrown overboard. Yuri tries to stop the massacre, but the others overpower and subdue him. Ofosu and his brother are the last two brought out, but they surmise what is about to occur and make a run for it, heading in different directions. As they do, Ofosu's brother is shot and, with his injury, is soon caught and thrown overboard as Ofosu watches. Ofosu flees back below decks to hide and is able to elude further searches for him. While in the cargo hold, Ofosu stashes a picture of himself and his wife inside one of the cocoa sacks. Plesin's men are concerned about their inability to locate their final stowaway, but they reason that all Western countries despise black immigrants and thus no one will be motivated to take action against them. They also expect to be able to secure him upon reaching port when he tries to exit the ship. However, once the ship docks, Ofosu is able to escape to shore and make it to the police before Plesin's men can catch him. The next day, French authorities board the McRuby to investigate Ofosu's story. Plesin first denies that there had been any stowaway, but the ship's cocoa sacks are searched, yielding Ofosu's picture. Plesin's final play is to acknowledge the killings but to suggest that he and his men had done France a favor by preventing undesirable blacks from entering the country illegally. The police are unimpressed by this rationale and immediately arrest Plesin and his men, along with the captain. The film ends with Ofosu on the phone with his wife, hearing the cries of his newborn son, whom he pledges to name after his brother. An epilogue notes that the captain and first mate were convicted of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment. Three other crew members were also convicted and received 20-year sentences, while one crew member was acquitted. Kingsley Ofosu was living in France and hoping to have his wife and child join him."] ["Arun Sharma  is a spy working for RAW . He sets up a spy network under the identity of Major Batra, with the objective of getting information regarding terrorist activities across the border. Reshma , who is from the same village, becomes a part of this network. He trains her for spying and during this training process they fall in love. Reluctantly, he sends her across the border as a maidservant in Colonel Hidayatulla's  house. He is associated with Isaq Khan and Maulana Azhar who are enemies of India. In the meantime, Reshma is identified in front of Isaq Khan, Maulana Azhar and Colonel Hidayatulla. She manages to escape and comes across the border with important information. Arun expresses his love to Reshma and proposes to marry her. The ceremony is cut short when terrorists attack the ship they are on. Reshma goes missing and Arun is presumed dead. Arun finds out that Isaq Khan and Maulana Azhar were responsible for the attack. He fakes his own death and plans to infiltrate their terrorist network. He follows them to Canada, where it is revealed they are planning to create a nuclear bomb. Reshma is revealed to be alive in Pakistan and in the care of one Dr. Salman. They take her to Canada to operate on her legs. Her doctor is Shaheen , who is the daughter of Mr. Zakaria , who is an associate of Isaq Khan. Reshma comes to know that Arun is alive and is in Canada. Arun changes his identity to nuclear scientist Wahid, working at a well-known Canadian nuclear research organization. Wahid pretends to be in love with Shaheen, as he wants to become a part of Zakaria's group. He even marries Shaheen to win their trust. Reshma meets Wahid at the time of his marriage to Shaheen. Arun is very happy on seeing Reshma alive but knows that now they cannot be together, so she leaves. Arun exposes Maulna Azhar, Zakaria and Isaq Khan's plan of getting the nuclear bomb. The Canadian government, the Indian government and the world comes to know that their plan has been destroyed by Arun. They hijack a train in order to escape. Arun comes to the rescue. Shaheen dies whilst helping Arun. Arun finally kills Isaq Khan and others. He returns to Kashmir and narrates the whole story to his colleague and meets Reshma in Kashmir. Arun and Reshma finally get together in the end."] ["Dr. David Lowell's  research is carried out in the canyon country of southern Utah and must be conducted at the same time Halley's Comet is passing over the earth. A corporation trying to find a remote place to illegally dump nuclear waste throws him off his land and destroys his laboratory. He spends the rest of the film committing ecotage against the company and trying to recover his land."] ["Aboard a commercial airliner, U.S. Marshal Pete Nessip  and his brother Terry , a fellow marshal, are escorting prison inmate Earl Leedy , who is a computer wizard, to a high-security prison. When an apparent terrorist hijack attempt blows a hole in the airplane, Terry is sucked out to his death, and the terrorists parachute out of the same hole, taking Leedy with them. A devastated Pete is blamed for overreacting to the incident, and he is forced to turn in his badge. Pete believes that the assault may have been an elaborate prison break meant to free Leedy. But the FBI refuses to listen saying that the chances of sneaking a parachute through airport security and parachuting at 30,000 feet are impossible. Renegade skydiver and former DEA agent Ty Moncrief  is the mastermind behind the attack, which culminated in the first-ever parachute jump from a commercial jet at 30,000 feet. Ty plans to use Leedy to hack into the DEA mainframe computer in Washington DC so Ty can auction off the names of undercover agents to drug cartels worldwide. Ty has scheduled this to be accomplished during an Independence Day parachute exhibition and fireworks display, which is the one day every year when security is loosened around the airspace above Washington DC. Because skydiving played a part in the airplane hijacking, Pete finds his way to Jessie Crossman , a world-class skydiver and ex-con, whose ex-husband Jagger, unknown to all, is part of Ty's crew. Jessie agrees to train Pete how to skydive, if he will sponsor her team for the parachute exhibition. When Jessie's parachuting friend Selkirk  is severely injured after using a faulty parachute that Ty had intended for Jessie to use, Pete is appointed to take Selkirk's place. When Jagger is found dead, tangled in some high-voltage power lines, it is obvious that his death was a murder engineered by Ty, and with Pete's help, Jessie now is seeking revenge on Ty. When Pete discovers Ty's plan to hack into the DEA mainframe, the rest of the parachuting team agrees to help Pete with the situation. On the night of the Independence Day exhibition, Jessie sneaks into Ty's parachuting plane, holding them at gunpoint in order to determine an explanation for Jagger's death. but Ty's men kick her outside and then parachute out, Jessie now managing to grab hold of the plane door bar lets go on a free fall just as Pete and the parachuting team arrive and rescues her, floating down safety to the roof of the DEA mainframe office building where Ty has already arrived. Pete tries to find access to the DEA mainframe control room, eliminating Ty's men one by one, with the help of the parachuting team. He breaks in and holds Leedy  as hostage. Ty, having kidnapped Jessie, appears and threatens to kill her unless Pete releases Leedy. A fight breaks out between Pete and Ty that results with both of them go falling out the building window. Luckily, Pete opens his emergency parachute as Ty tumbles to his death. Pete lands safely on the ground and is escorted away by paramedics, but spots Leedy wearing a DEA jacket leaving the scene, one of the team members, Swoop  leaps from the building parachuting down onto Leedy stopping him in his tracks. Pete tells Jessie that in a few years he will try skydiving again."] ['In 1961, the Soviet Union launches its first ballistic missile nuclear submarine, the K-19 — nicknamed "The Widowmaker" due to the many deaths that occurred during its construction. The ship is led by Captain Alexei Vostrikov , aided by executive officer Mikhail Polenin . Polenin, the original captain, and the crew have served together for some time but Vostrikov\'s appointment is alleged to have been aided by his wife\'s political connections . During his first inspection, Vostrikov discovers the submarine\'s reactor officer to be drunk and asleep on duty. Against Polenin\'s advice that the man is "the best reactor officer in the fleet", Vostrikov sacks the officer and orders Polenin to request a replacement. The new reactor officer  arrives direct from the naval academy and has never been to sea. Also, during the preparation period for the sub\'s launch, the ship\'s medical officer is killed when struck by an oncoming truck, and is subsequently replaced by a naval doctor  who, while being a longtime veteran, also has never served at sea, and has no experience in radiologically based illnesses. During the K-19\'s official launch, the bottle of champagne fails to break when it strikes the bow; the sailors nervously glance at each other due to this customary sign of bad luck. K-19 puts to sea for her trials. Vostrikov orders a series of diving maneuvers during which he directs Polenin to simulate a number of emergencies including fires and flooding while he times the crew\'s response. He is not happy with their performance. There are a number of minor accidents during these exercises which result in injuries to crew members. In addition, Vostrikov points out to Polenin that the crew are too slow and slipshod in their reaction and completion of these exercises. The crew begin to grumble about Vostrikov\'s demanding orders and authoritarian manner, but Polenin silences them when he visits the crew\'s quarters: "I heard there\'d been some complaining. I thought, \'Not from my crew. Not on my boat\'." Meanwhile, Vostrikov blames the officers for the crew\'s under-performance, accusing them of being soft on the men and lacking leadership. The crew\'s performance improves and Vostrikov decides to carry out the K-19\'s first mission, which is to surface in the Arctic and fire an unarmed  ballistic missile. Vostrikov orders the K-19 to submerge to maximum operational depth , then surface rapidly at full-speed to break through the Arctic pack-ice which he estimates to be no more than one metre thick. Polenin regards this maneuver as dangerous and, during the surfacing procedure, storms off the bridge. After scraping along the underside of the ice, the K-19 finally breaks through and surfaces with no apparent damage. The test missile is launched successfully and the crew are both relieved and exhilarated by Vostrikov\'s bold maneuver. The crew are allowed some time off during which they play football on the ice and a group photograph is taken. Talking privately with Polenin, the submarine\'s political officer, Suslov, expresses some confidence in Vostrikov, but Polenin asserts that the captain was "lucky today, that\'s all." K-19 then receives new orders, to sail down through the North Atlantic and patrol off the US east coast "between Washington and New York." As the K-19 sails southwards, a pipe carrying coolant to the reactor cooling system springs a leak and then bursts completely. The control rods are inserted to stop the reactor, but without coolant the reactor temperature continues to rise rapidly. Polenin and the reactor officer, Radtchenko, are shocked to discover that back-up coolant systems have not been installed. Vostrikov orders the K-19 to surface so that he may contact fleet command to inform them of the accident and await orders. But upon surfacing they discover the long-range transmitter on the conning tower is damaged and they are unable to contact fleet headquarters — Vostrikov assumes, ruefully, his surfacing maneuver in the Arctic caused the antenna damage. The reactor crew discuss options. Radtchenko informs them that if the reactor temperature exceeds 1000° Celsius it will result in a catastrophic explosion and may trigger the detonation of the submarine\'s nuclear warheads as well, and they estimate that they have three to four hours before this happens. The other option is that they try to cool down the reactor by opening it, they will be directly exposed and the whole crew would die from the radiation poisoning. Some suggest sending out a distress call on the submarine\'s short-range transmitter and abandoning and scuttling the ship. Vostrikov refuses to consider such an idea. Pavel Loktev, the senior reactor technician, suggests piping the K-19\'s drinking water into the reactor with which to cool it. But in order to do this they need to construct a system of pipes to transfer the water. Vostrikov approves the plan and the crew work feverishly, cannibalizing the submarine to construct the piping system. The final phase requires sailors to enter the radiation-filled reactor room to weld the pipes together. In order to restrict exposure to the deadly, leaking radiation, they require three teams of two, working for no more than ten minutes at a time. Vostrikov calls for volunteers. Pavel and another crewman, Anatoly Zubachev, volunteer to be the first team, but Vostrikov has to order others into the reactor. He orders Radtchenko in as part of the last team, to inspect the success of the welds. Polenin and the radiation safety officer then discover the K-19 has no radiation suits, only chemical suits. "They might as well wear raincoats!", exclaims Polenin. Nevertheless, with no other option, he lies to the men and tells them the chemical suits will protect them. The first team enter the reactor and begin welding. Emerging ten minutes later and removing the suits, they are both suffering from severe radiation poisoning and are carried to their quarters where the doctor attends to them. The second team enters. Meanwhile, on the bridge, the captain, officers, and crew monitor the reactor temperature which is climbing steadily. In the reactor room, the second team emerges just as badly poisoned as the first and are carried away. It is time for the third team to go in, but Radtchenko is overcome with fear and cannot bring himself to enter the reactor. Chief engineer Gorelov volunteers to go in his place. They complete the welding and to everyone\'s relief the reactor temperature begins to fall — the plan seems to have worked. But the submarine is beginning to fill with radiation as the reactor door is now breached, to allow the coolant pipe access. Polenin wants to seek help from a nearby NATO base on Jan Mayen. Vostrikov refuses to surrender his boat or crew and orders the K-19 to sail towards the USSR, under radio silence, in the hope that they will meet up with another Soviet submarine; Polenin is doubtful this plan will succeed as it relies on luck. Vostrikov is informed that a helicopter is approaching; he and some of the crew climb out onto the deck, thinking a Russian ship has come to save them, only to discover that it is a US Navy helicopter from a nearby US destroyer. The destroyer is asking if the K-19 requires assistance. Vostrikov orders a reply in the negative; the men on the deck notice a crewman in the helicopter photographing them, and they drop their trousers and bare their buttocks at him. The helicopter flies away. Vostrikov refuses to allow the Americans anywhere near K-19. The US destroyer follows them at a discreet distance. Demichev, the torpedo officer, meets with Suslov in private. He reminds the political officer that he is empowered to remove Vostrikov as captain, if he judges Vostrikov to be jeopardizing the mission. After a few hours and with no \'friendly\' ship sighted, the weld connecting the temporary coolant pipe to the reactor fails and the reactor temperature again begins to rise dangerously. Radtchenko dons a useless safety suit and enters the reactor alone to fix the broken weld. Vostrikov again orders the K-19 to submerge, rather than abandon ship, angering the men. As the K-19 dives some torpedo fuel, spilled when the torpedo was stripped for pipes, ignites resulting in a fire in the aft torpedo room. Polenin refuses the captain\'s order to implement the fire suppression system, which would kill the men fighting the fire, but goes forward to supervise the effort. When he is gone, Demichev and Suslov produce pistols and point them at Vostrikov, and the Suslov announces he is replacing Vostrikov with Polenin as captain of the submarine, and to surface immediately. Vostrikov is handcuffed to a ladder. With the torpedo room fire extinguished, Polenin returns and is told what has happened. "Good," he says and asks for Demichev and Suslov to hand over their weapons to him. They do so and Polenin immediately orders Vostrikov to be released and Demichev and Suslov to be placed under arrest. Polenin admonishes them for the attempted mutiny and re-affirms Vostrikov as the captain of the K-19. Vostrikov then attempts to re-order the crew of the K-19 to submerge, but Polenin interrupts him to say "Don\'t order them; ask them." Vostrikov explains the situation. If the reactor and the ballistic missiles explode while the K-19 is surfaced, the resulting nuclear blast will destroy not only the K-19 but also the nearby US navy ship and, most likely, the NATO base as well. As the K-19 has been unable to inform anyone in the outside world of her predicament, the United States, the Soviet Union, or anyone else will only know that a huge nuclear explosion has destroyed a U.S. warship and NATO base; that such a disaster could trigger World War III. The crew appreciate their wider duty and prepare to dive deep and scuttle the submarine. But Radtchenko has spent 18 minutes in the reactor successfully fixing the weld, and the temperature begins to drop again as Vostrikov himself drags the fatally poisoned officer from the reactor. Just as Vostrikov orders the men off the boat so that he can scuttle it, they are rescued by another Soviet submarine. Vostrikov wants to move his crew to the other submarine, away from the radiation, but permission is not granted. He moves the crew anyway. Polenin warns him that he will be sent to the gulag, just like his father, for disobeying orders. Vostrikov smiles and says, "It\'s a family tradition, isn\'t it?" Afterwards, during a formal inquiry of the events, Polenin speaks highly of Captain Vostrikov, and rebukes the convened tribunal for the hostile interrogations of both Vostrikov, and the radiation afflicted crew, even going so far as to say: "None of you...none of you...has the right to judge Captain Vostrikov. You weren\'t there! I was! He was our captain! He was my captain. And it would be an honor to sail under his command again." The inquiry acquits Vostrikov of any wrongdoing in the end, but he is never given command of another Soviet submarine again. An epilogue shows an aged Captain Vostrikov in 1989, putting on his dress uniform in a small flat and catching a train to meet up with Polenin. It is exactly 28 years after the accident; the Berlin Wall is shown to be coming down. Vostrikov grumbles about the inconvenience but Polenin informs him this is the anniversary of the day they were rescued. The commanders enter a cemetery where a number of the surviving K-19 crewmen are gathered by a gravesite. We learn that this is the first time the K-19 survivors have met since the incident; they were ordered never to meet or discuss the incident after the inquiry. Vostrikov is visibly moved as he greets the men and informs them that he nominated the men now dead of radiation poisoning  for the distinction of Hero of the Soviet Union, but was told they were not "worthy" of the title as they died not in battle, but as the result of an accident. The men drink a toast to their deceased comrades, and a flashback of the crew posing for the photograph on the ice is shown.'] ["The film begins with an attempted assassination of a man looking into the Grand Canyon with his binoculars. The assassin disables the emergency brake from the man's car and attempts to run him over as the car goes off the edge. The man leaps out of the way and kills his assassin by throwing him off the rim. He is seen wandering by Eli, an old prospector who attempts to tell a Deputy Sheriff . However Eli has a reputation for telling tall tales, so the deputy ignores him to chase an attractive woman ([[Victoria Shaw  speeding recklessly down the road. The unidentified man is later found dead, hanging bound and gagged in a former mining office in an abandoned gold mine. The Deputy and Janice Kendon, the speeding woman, team up to solve the murders and a plot to illegally mine gold to sell in Mexico."] ['Woodrow "Woody" Wilkins  is an imaginative, yet eccentric, comic book writer and illustrator who demands a sense of realism for his comic book hero "Condorman", to the point where he crafts a Condorman flying suit of his own and launches himself off the Eiffel Tower. The test flight fails as his right wing breaks, sending him crashing into the Seine River. Later after the incident, Woody is asked by his friend, CIA file clerk Harry ([[James Hampton , to perform what appears to be a civilian paper swap in Istanbul. Upon arriving in Istanbul, he meets a beautiful Russian named Natalia Rambova , who poses as the Russian civilian with whom the exchange is supposed to take place, but it is later revealed that she is in fact a KGB spy. Woody does not tell Natalia his real name, and instead fabricates his identity to her as a top American agent code-named "Condorman". During the encounter, Woody fends off a group of would-be assassins and saves her life by sheer luck before accomplishing the paper trade. Impressed by Woody, and disgusted by how she was treated by her lover/boss Krokov  when she returns to Moscow, Natalia decides to defect and asks the CIA to have "Condorman" be the agent that helps her. Back in Paris, Woody\'s encounter with Natalia inspires him to create a super heroine patterned after her named "Laser Lady". He is then notified by Harry and his boss Russ  that he is to escort a defecting Soviet agent known as the "Bear". Woody refuses to do the job, but when Russ reveals that the "Bear" is Natalia, he agrees to do it on the condition that the CIA provides him with gadgetry based on his designs. Woody meets up with Natalia in Yugoslavia and protects her from Krokov\'s henchmen led by the homicidal, glass-eyed assassin Morovich . After joining Harry in Italy, the trio venture to Switzerland, where Natalia discovers the truth about Woody when a group of children recognize her from his comic books. Their journey back to France is compromised when Morovich puts Woody and Harry out of commission and Krokov\'s men recover Natalia before retreating to their headquarters in Monte Carlo. Woody is told that the mission is a failure and he and Harry are ordered to return to Paris, but he asks for two more days to conduct an operation to rescue Natalia. Disguising themselves as Arab sheiks, Woody and Harry create a diversion at the Monte Carlo Casino to recover Natalia from Krokov and his men. As Harry drives away in a Rolls-Royce, Woody uses an improved version of his Condorman suit to fly himself and Natalia out of the casino and into the pier, where the trio make their getaway aboard the Condorboat. They manage to destroy Krokov\'s speedboats following them, but Krokov and Morovich pursue them in their own speedboat. The Condorboat reaches its pick-up point, but Morovich shows his intent on ramming it. When Morovich ignores his commander\'s orders to return to base, Krokov abandons ship. The Condorboat is lifted by the CIA helicopter in time to prevent a collision, causing Morovich to crash on an island rock. Days later, Woody, Natalia and Harry are at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles, where they see the Goodyear Blimp flash a sign welcoming Natalia to the U.S. Aboard the blimp, Russ contacts Harry and has him ask Woody if he is interested in taking Condorman to another assignment.'] ['Charles Piper  and Mark Dodge  are two convicts who end up shackled together due to fighting, the pervert Mill who incited the fight then steals a gun from an officer and wipes out half of the officers. Piper and Dodge take off and soon the Attorney General\'s office has U.S. Marshal Pat Schiller  on the case. Informed of the escape, local cop Matthew "Gib" Gibson  starts getting suspicious of the feds\' interest in Dodge, who Gibson had earlier arrested. Gibson finds that Dodge has a hidden computer disk that contains information that could be very damaging to Cuban crime boss Frank Mantajano . Piper, who turns out to be a cop on the case, and Dodge must stay out of the clutches of Mantajano\'s hit man Rico Santiago , and corrupt federal agents who want to retrieve the disk.'] ["A teletype message flashes across the screen... : Master Sergeant Larry McRose, U.S. Army, Frankfurt, West Germany : Report to Zombie Unit, El Paso, Texas At El Paso airport five U.S. Army sergeants meet up with Major Paul Hackett , the leader of the Zombie Unit. The unit is composed of soldiers reported to be killed, and are on temporary assignment under Hackett for this mission. Jack Benteen  is a tough Texas Ranger, his best friend from high school is Cash Bailey , an American and former police informer who has crossed into Mexico and become a major drug trafficker. A D.E.A. agent and several soldiers from the clandestine U.S. Army unit show up in town, who are also tracking Cash Bailey. When the soldiers rob a local bank to get Bailey's money and a cash deposit box that contains accounts on the drug money he's deposited there, one of the soldiers is killed and two others are captured by Benteen and placed in the town Jail. Benteen is confronted by the D.E.A agent who turns out to be their commanding officer and reveals their true mission to him to obtain their release. Now knowing the full story, Benteen joins with the soldiers and crosses the border into Mexico to track down Bailey and end his drug running. At Bailey's Hacienda Benteen's girlfriend Sarita , who was once Bailey's girlfriend, has crossed into Mexico to join him after arguing with Benteen. At a huge Independence Day festival Benteen confronts Bailey while the soldiers attack Bailey's private army. McRose witnesses Hackett shooting Bailey's accountant and at the same time revealing himself to be Bailey's partner. The town erupts into a huge gunfight and at the end of the movie few but Benteen and Sarita survive, to ride off into the sunset together."] ["A murderous gang of counterfeiters has kidnapped John Severn, the U.S. government's best engraver, who is being held against his will and is forced to print virtually undetectable phony cash. The Secret Service sends its toughest agent, Jack Holt, and his female partner Kay Drew after the gang. Holt and his boss Malloy decide to try to pass Holt off as escaped tough guy, Nick Farrel. Masquerading as Mr. and Mrs. Farrel, Holt and Drew manage to infiltrate the ruthless gang of thugs and the tough talk and action never stops from there on. Holt's hunches lead him to the culprits and into trouble on a canoe ride and in an outlaw camp, as the action moves from the gang's hideout in a lost canyon to a gambling ship on the high seas to a small island country where the gang hopes to escape U.S. extradition. The brains heavy is a man named Lucky Arnold but he hides behind the facade of one of his loyal henchmen, Quist, to shield himself from the Secret Service, and lets another one of his men, Valden, do most of his dirty work. The island nation has its own pocket dictator who is also trying to rub out our hero. During the 15 episodes, Holt endures numerous brushes with death, emerging from all of them with nary a hair out of place nor a crease in his well-tailored business suit."] ["In 1905, Sun Wen intends to go abroad to Hong Kong, a British colony, to discuss his plans with fellow Tongmenghui members to overthrow China's corrupt and crumbling Qing Dynasty. Empress Dowager Cixi sends a group of assassins, led by Yan Xiaoguo, to kill Sun. Revolutionary Chen Shaobai arrives in Hong Kong a few days before Sun's arrival, to meet Li Yutang, a businessman who provides financial aid for the revolutionaries. As Sun Wen's arrival day draws near, trouble begins brewing in Hong Kong as Chen Shaobai's acquaintances are murdered and Chen himself is kidnapped by the assassins during a raid. Li Yutang decides to officially declare his support for the revolutionaries after the newspaper agency is closed by the British authorities, who do not interfere in China's political situation. Li rallies a group of men, including rickshaw pullers, hawkers and a beggar, to serve as bodyguards for Sun Wen when he arrives. Li's son Li Chongguang is chosen to act as a decoy for Sun Wen to divert the assassins away while Sun attends the meeting and leaves Hong Kong safely."] ['The main character, J.J. McQuade is a former Marine and a Texas Ranger who prefers to work alone. He lives in a dirty home in the middle of nowhere with a pet wolf. The film opens with McQuade involved in an intense battle with Mexican bandits and a gang of horse thieves from which he emerges unscathed . Shaking off the dust, McQuade returns to El Paso, Texas to attend the retirement ceremony of his fellow Ranger and close friend Dakota. After the party, his commander attempts to curb his "lone wolf" attitude by insisting he work with local Texas State Trooper Kayo Ramos, a tough but clean-cut and polite Latino. McQuade has a teenage daughter who came from a past marriage and is still on good terms with his former wife. While out with his daughter , his daughter\'s horse runs wild and she is saved by Lola Richardson . She invites the men to a party where Rawley Wilkes  displays his prowess in martial arts and some of his thugs get into a fight with Ramos. After settling the fight, Richardson and McQuade leave the party and apparently have a romantic encounter. She shows up at his house cleaning and seems to start breaking through his rough exterior within the couple of days they were together. Meanwhile, McQuade\'s daughter and her boyfriend witness the hijacking of a U.S. Army convoy. The boyfriend is shot to death while one of the hijackers (driving a Dodge Aspen pushes the car in which the daughter is hiding car over an embankment, landing her in the hospital. McQuade more readily works with Kayo to find out who did this to his daughter. Kayo\'s computer skills allow him to track the errant convoy. At an illegal garment factory, they pick up a young delinquent named Snow [William Sanderson], who is reluctant to talk until Dakota points a Mac-10 in his general direction and empties the magazine. As the story progresses, they are joined by FBI Special Agent Jackson. The trail leads them to arms merchant Rawley Wilkes , who is hijacking U.S. arms shipments for his illicit weapons deals. The three eventually find the arms trading headquarters in the desert. Agent Núñez is killed when he and his agents attack the headquarters after McQuade and Ramos tried to stop them, but ended up in the gunfight as well. All the good guys are shot, McQuade is caught and while held by thugs, beaten by Wilkes. Richardson is witness to this yelling for Wilkes to stop. Wilkes has McQuade placed in his truck and buried. McQuade manages to escape, though injured. Agent Jackson and Ramos appear both shot but alive. McQuade finds that his daughter has been taken by Wilkes by an another arms dealer  mad at Wilkes. He gives McQuade the exact location in Mexico where Wilkes and his daughter are. Though McQuade is intent and tries to head to the location on his own, both Ramos and Jackson have followed him and the three head into the base for the attack. After an intense battle, with Jackson being shot again, and McQuade\'s daughter and Richardson escaping, the daughter is shot in the leg and both women are sidelined. Finally McQuade and Wilkes engage a hand to hand fight with the fight leaning first in Wilkes\' favor until he strikes McQuade\'s daughter , provoking McQuade into a frenzy of hits and kicks that defeats Wilkes. McQuade is reunited with his daughter, only to be fired upon by an injured Wilkes. Richardson  steps into the line of fire to save McQuade and is killed in the process. Her dying words to McQuade was that Wilkes killed her husband, forced her to be his partner and that she loved McQuade. Meanwhile Wilkes and his remaining thug run into a building, Jackson providing McQuade with a grenade and McQuade throwing it into the building, killing Wilkes and the other man. Falcon\'s helicopter lands, McQuade, his daughter, Ramos and Jackson take it leaving the arms dealer to deal with the "federales". After being awarded along with Jackson for their actions, McQuades ex-wife and daughter show up with a U-haul as McQuade is going to help them move . As they are getting ready to leave, Ramons shows up telling McQuade he is needed at a bank hold up with hostages. Torn between his family and the job, McQuade chooses the job having his ex-wife yell that he will never change.'] ["Former-CIA specialist Sonni Griffith  is now a Homeland Security Agent, risking his life in global hot spots while telling himself he’s going to retire. After a tip-off blows his armament sting in Romania, Griffith reluctantly agrees to help his old friend Michael Shepherd ([[William Hope , who suspects that Romanian mafia boss Joszef Bostanescu  might have a high-ranking American official in his pocket. Bostanescu's plot involves selling a stolen biological weapon, and such a connection would expedite matters significantly. Bostanescu's Manhattan-based absentee accountant gets his throat slit for dipping into the till, and Nadia Cominski  rifles his safe and returns to Romania with its contents. Naturally, the US government would like her to help them nail Bostanescu, so Shepherd hires Griffith to act as Nadia's bodyguard. Griffith eventually learns that Bostanescu has kidnapped Nadia's son, and that she's agreed to divulge vital bank code information that she's memorized in exchange for her son. Despite Griffith's precautions, Nadia falls into Bostanescu's hands. As Bostanescu stalls his clients at a sports stadium, waiting for Nadia to rattle off the Swiss account numbers, Griffith attempts a rescue mission, but he remains in the dark about Bostanescu's American insider, and may not be able save Nadia and her son."] ['Teresa, the pregnant teenage daughter of a powerful man known only as "El Jefe"  , is summoned before her father and interrogated as to the identity of her unborn child\'s father. Under torture, she identifies the father as Alfredo Garcia whom El Jefe had been grooming to be his successor. Infuriated, El Jefe offers a $1 million reward to whoever will "bring me the head of Alfredo Garcia". The search progresses for two months. In Mexico City, two of El Jefe\'s personal henchmen, a pair of business-suit clad dispassionate hitmen, Sappensly  and Quill , enter a saloon and encounter Bennie , a retired United States Army officer who makes a meager living as a piano player and bar manager. The two men ask about Garcia, believing that they will have more luck getting answers out of a fellow American. Bennie plays dumb, saying that the name is familiar but that he doesn\'t know who Garcia is. It turns out that everyone in the bar knows who Garcia is; they simply don\'t know where he is. Bennie goes to meet his girlfriend, Elita , a prostitute at a bordello. Elita admits to having cheated on Bennie with Garcia, who had professed his love for her, something Bennie refuses to do. Elita informs him that Garcia died in a drunk driving accident the previous week. Bennie is excited by the possibility of making money by simply digging up the body. He goes to Sappensly and Quill, in the hotel room of their boss, Max, and makes a deal for US$10,000 for Garcia\'s head, plus two hundred dollars in advance for expenses. Bennie convinces Elita to go on a road trip with him to visit Garcia\'s grave, claiming that he only wants proof that Garcia is in fact dead and no longer a threat to their relationship. En route, Bennie proposes, promising that their future will soon change, and she can retire from prostitution. Elita is cautious, and warns Bennie against trying to upset their status quo. On the road, Bennie and Elita are accosted by two bikers , who pull guns and decide to rape Elita. Bennie seems unsure how to react. Elita agrees to have sex with the bikers if they spare Bennie\'s life, and goes off with the biker played by Kristofferson. He rips off her shirt to look at her breasts, lets her slap him twice, slaps her back, then walks away: she follows. Bennie knocks the first biker unconscious while he\'s playing Elita\'s guitar. He takes the gun and seeks the other biker and Elita. She is now passionately kissing the biker, and ready to make love with him. Bennie finds them together; then shoots him dead, as well as the first biker. The murder cycle has opened. He confesses to Elita his plan to decapitate Garcia\'s corpse and sell it for money. Elita is disgusted, and, still shaken from what has just happened, begs Bennie to give up this quest and return to Mexico City, where they can be married and live a modest life of relative peace. Bennie again refuses, but agrees to marry Elita in the church of the town where Garcia is buried. They find Garcia\'s grave, but when he opens the coffin, Bennie is struck from behind with his shovel by an unseen assailant. He wakes up to find himself half-buried in the grave with Elita, who is dead. The corpse of Garcia has been decapitated. Bennie learns from villagers that his assailants are driving a station wagon. He catches up with the men after they blow out a tire. Bennie shoots them, searches their car and claims Garcia\'s head. Stopping at a roadside restaurant, he packs the sack containing the head with ice to preserve it for the journey home. Bennie begins addressing the head as if Garcia were still alive, first blaming Alfredo for Elita\'s death and then conceding that both of them probably loved her equally. Bennie is ambushed by members of Garcia\'s family. They re-claim the head and are about to kill Bennie when they are interrupted by the arrival of Sappensly and Quill. The hitmen pretend to ask for directions. Quill produces a sub-machine gun and murders most of Garcia\'s family, but is fatally shot by one of them. As Sappensly sorrowfully looks at Quill\'s corpse, Bennie asks: "Do I still get paid?" Sappensly turns to shoot but Bennie kills him, takes Garcia\'s head, and returns to Mexico City, "arguing" with Garcia\'s head all the while. At his apartment, Bennie gives Garcia\'s head a shower and then brings the head to Max\'s hotel room, feigning willingness to surrender the head for his $10,000, but then revealing that he is no longer motivated by money; rather, he blames Elita\'s death on the bounty and intends to kill everyone involved. Several men pull guns but Bennie manages to evade fire and kill them all. He takes a business card from the desk with El Jefe\'s address on it. El Jefe greets him as a hero and gives him a briefcase containing the promised million-dollar bounty. Bennie calmly relates how many people died for Garcia\'s head, including his beloved. El Jefe responds apathetically, telling Bennie to take his money and throw Garcia\'s head to the pigs on the way out. Infuriated that the object responsible for Elita\'s death is viewed as nothing more than garbage, Bennie first wounds El Jefe and then guns down all of his bodyguards. Teresa enters with her newborn son as Bennie points a gun at El Jefe\'s head, but hesitates to shoot. She tersely urges Bennie to kill her father, and Bennie obliges, taking along the head as he leaves the scene with the words: "I\'ll look after the father, and you look after the son." Bennie makes a mad dash to escape, but is gunned down at the gates to El Jefe\'s estate.'] ["After being a gangster for many years, Ben Archer  moves from Marseille to Los Angeles and decides to become legit to spend more time with his wife, Cynthia , and his child, Nicholas . Cynthia is a social worker with the INS, helping to process illegal Chinese immigrants. Then she discovers Kim , a young girl on board a ship that is full of immigrants, and decides to bring her home. She convinces a judge that the girl is in grave danger if deported and successfully pleads with him to give her one week to sort out her case against deportation. However, it proves to be a fatal mistake. Kim's father, Sun Quan , is a Chinese Triad. Once Sun Quan discovers where his daughter is, without provocation, he kills Cynthia, her parents and many of the workers in the restaurant at which they're dining. After a shootout with the fleeing Triad members, Ben finds his wife brutally murdered. His son Nicholas and Kim are missing. He attempts to save the children and avenge his wife's death. Ben, however, is not alone in his attempts to avenge his wife. With the help of French mobsters Max , Raymond  , and Tony , a friend the character loves like a brother. Ben's child and Kim are found, Ben then decides to kill Andy Wang , who he saw leaving his wife's murder scene. The hit is successful, and the investigation afterwards gives Ben a lead on where to move next. The next morning, thanks to tips from a somewhat crooked cop, Ben finds that Mac Hoggins , Cynthia's partner in the INS, was at the investigation, completely out of his field. Ben and his comerades then capture Hoggins, take him to a garage, and they torture him for answers. Ben is called by the same cop that tipped him off about Hoggins, and is asked to meet him at the morgue. Hoggins confesses to telling Sun Quan of Cynthia's involvement with Kim, and gives them information of Sun Quan's involvement with heroin in the United States, as well as his location. With all of the information, they kill him. When Ben arrives at the morgue, he is quickly greeted with death, as everyone in the morgue  has been killed, with dead immigrants on the table. After a motorcycle chase, Ben disposes of both of the murderers, and heads back to Max's house. Upon arriving, there are 2 black SUVs speeding off, and Tony, who was riding with him, jumps out and runs inside, while Ben gives chase. Apparently, the Triads had kidnapped Kim and Nicholas, and Ben is only able to retrieve Kim, barely escaping with their lives. Ben drives back to Max's house, where he learns that Max and Raymond have been killed. Then, Ben and Tony decide to take on Sun Quan with the information provided by Hoggins. They go to Pier 19, to his boat, the Katrina, in which is used for Quan's heroin operations. After vicious fights on the ship, Ben and Sun Quan are faced off on a bridgewalk on the boat. They exchange gunshots right when the police arrive, Ben being hit in his shoulder or arm region, and Sun Quan being fatally wounded."] ["British agent 009 is found dead at the British embassy in East Berlin, dressed as a circus clown and carrying a fake Fabergé egg. MI6 immediately suspects Soviet involvement and sends James Bond—agent 007—to investigate, after seeing the real egg appear at an auction in London, ordering the agent to find out who the seller is. At the auction, Bond is able to swap the real egg with the fake, and engages in a bidding war with exiled Afghan prince, Kamal Khan, forcing Khan to pay £500,000 for the fake egg. Bond follows Khan back to his palace in Rajasthan, India, where Bond defeats Khan in a game of backgammon. Bond escapes with his Indian colleague Vijay, evading Khan's bodyguard Gobinda's attempts to kill them both. Bond is seduced by one of Khan's associates, Magda , and notices that she has a blue-ringed octopus tattoo. Magda steals a fake Fabergé egg fitted with a listening device by Q, while Gobinda captures Bond and takes him to Khan's palace. After Bond escapes from his cell he listens in on the bug in the Faberge egg and discovers that Khan is working with Orlov, a renegade Soviet general, who is seeking to expand Soviet borders into Europe. After escaping the palace, Bond infiltrates a floating palace in Udaipur, India, and there finds its owner, Octopussy, a wealthy woman who leads the Octopus cult, of which Magda is a part. In Octopussy's palace, Bond finds out that Orlov has been supplying Khan with priceless Soviet treasures, replacing them with replicas, while Khan has been smuggling the real versions into the West, via Octopussy's circus troupe. Orlov is planning to meet Khan at Karl-Marx-Stadt in East Germany, where the circus is scheduled to perform. After evading Khan's assassins, Bond goes to East Germany. Bond infiltrates the circus, and finds that Orlov replaced the Soviet treasures with a nuclear warhead, primed to explode during the circus show at a US Air Force base in West Germany. The explosion would trigger Europe into seeking disarmament, in the belief that the bomb was a US one that detonated by accident, leaving its borders open to Soviet invasion. Bond takes Orlov's car, drives it along the train tracks and boards the moving circus train. Orlov is shot dead by GDR guards, while trying to cross the border. Bond kills the twin knife-throwers, Mischka and Grischka, in revenge for 009's death, and, after falling from the train, commandeers a car, in order to get to the Air Force base. At the base, Bond disguises himself as a clown to evade the West German police. He attempts to convince Octopussy that Khan has betrayed her, by showing her one of the treasures, found in Orlov's car, that she was to smuggle for him. Octopussy realises that she has been tricked and assists Bond in deactivating the warhead. Bond and Octopussy return to India and launch an assault on Khan's palace. Khan and Gobinda flee the palace, capturing Octopussy in the process. Bond follows them as they attempt to escape in an aeroplane, clinging to the fuselage and disabling one of its engines. Gobinda dies after falling off the roof of the plane and Bond rescues Octopussy from Khan, the pair jumping onto a nearby cliff moments before the plane crashes into a mountain, killing Khan. While M and General Gogol discuss the return of the jewellery, Bond recuperates with Octopussy, aboard her private boat in India."] ['John Daniels plays Jonathan Knight, the owner of "Mr. Jonathan\'s", the most successful hair salon for women on the Sunset Strip. His reputation as a lover has become so awesome that he is sought after almost as much in that capacity as he is for his experience as a hair stylist. Everything is cool for Jonathan until he messes with the mob in an effort to protect his young attractive receptionist, played by Tanya Boyd , from her former boss. Action explodes when the "loving" machine becomes the "killing" machine. Jonathan, chainsaw in hand, gets down to the get down on the vicious mob gang that wrecks his shop and kidnaps his woman.'] ["Vietnam veteran William Lansing , a former CSA agent who now works on a wildlife refuge in Northern Alaska, has been exchanging letters in a pen-pal relationship with Irena Morawska , a 13-year-old orphaned girl in Warsaw, Poland that he's helping out financially. When the letters suddenly stop coming, Lansing heads to Poland to figure out the reason. He discovers that the orphanage that Irena was staying in, which is financed by honest—and unsuspecting—good-intentioned Samaritans, is a cover for a human trafficking network. Run by a man named Faisal , the operation is worth billions—girls are sold and traded to the highest bidders from all over the world. Through his letters to Irena, Lansing has taught Irena how to use secret codes, which she uses to keep him updated on where Faisal is taking her to. Lansing stays on Faisal's trail, teaming up with local cop Kasia Lato  to rescue Irena and the other girls, and bring down Faisal's human trafficking network."] ['The film begins with an opening narration about Dracula, told by Hannibal King : The film starts with a group of vampires, looking for "Drake", a.k.a. Dracula . They subsequently find and wake him in a Syrian ziggurat tomb, although not before he kills one of their own number. Being unaware of the existence of vampires, the world considers Blade  to be a serial killer. The vampires capitalize on this misconception and succeed in framing Blade for the killing of a familiar posing as a vampire. During the ensuing manhunt, the FBI locate and attack the hideout. During the siege, Whistler  is mortally wounded and perishes after setting the hideout self-destruct. With his mentor gone, Blade allows himself to be captured. The police prepare to hand Blade over to a group of supposed federal agents, who are, unknown to them, vampires. But he is rescued by Hannibal King  and Abigail Whistler , . The two head a group of vampire hunters called the Nightstalkers, formed by Blade\'s mentor to assist him. King and Abigail reveal that the vampire Danica Talos , who turned King into a vampire in the past, , has located Drake. Talos hopes that by resurrecting him, Drake will help save the vampire race by producing more daywalkers, and eliminate Blade. In his first confrontation with Blade, Drake shows an affinity for Blade, as they are both "honorable warriors". Ironically, while Drake is delivering his speech about honor, he is hiding behind a baby he has taken hostage; however, he appears to consider humans as unworthy of any consideration unless they first prove themselves. During the chaos, King is incapacitated by Drake. Blade eventually learns of a bioweapon the Nightstalkers had created called Daystar, an airborne virus capable of killing every single vampire in the world. However, there are two catches. The first is that they need Drake\'s blood and it must be infused with the virus. As he is the first vampire, his DNA is still pure, which, infused with Daystar, will make it work to its maximum efficiency. The second: the virus could possibly kill Blade, since he is half-vampire. Blade and Abigail learn of the vampire "final solution", which involves a warehouse where hundreds of homeless humans are being kept "alive" in a chemically-induced coma, , trapped in body bags. This keeps in line with vampires needing live food sources if the vampire race were to take over the world. Blade has all of them put out of their misery, shutting down their life support. The two return to find the Nightstalkers have been all but wiped out. The only exception is King, who has been kidnapped by Drake, and a young girl named Zoe , the daughter of one of the Nightstalkers. Blade and Abigail go to the Talos building to save their friends. Meanwhile, King is chained and tortured by Jarko Grimwood  and Asher Talos  for information about Daystar. When this fails to get any information from him, Talos threatens that she will bite King and leave him to feed on Zoe. Drake tries to convince the young Zoe to become a vampire so that she won\'t have to die. He tells her that there is no God, heaven or angels, Zoe simply states to Drake "My friends are coming to kill you". Blade and Abigail eventually enter the building, and the fighting begins after they freed King. Abigail kills Asher and King kills Grimwood while Blade engages Drake in a sword battle. In the end, Blade impales Drake with the Daystar arrow, and releases it into the air, killing all the nearby vampires, including Talos. He then honors Abigail and her fighting skills by making her a full-fledged "blade." As Drake dies, he praises Blade for fighting with honor and tells him that through Blade, the vampire race will survive. Dying, he offers Blade a "parting gift"; he also warns him that the thirst will eventually win. From here there are multiple endings: * Theatrical ending: As Blade fought honorably, Drake gives him a "parting gift" by transforming his body into a replica of Blade\'s just before he dies. The FBI captures the body of who they think is Blade and thus call off their manhunt for Blade. In the morgue Blade\'s body reverts into that of Drake\'s. Hannibal\'s voiceover tells the viewer that Blade is still out doing what he does, having rejected Drake\'s hopes of him prolonging the vampire race, and that the war will never end. * Unrated ending: The body captured by the FBI is Blade, but he\'s not really dead. He sits up abruptly in the morgue, attacks the FBI agents, and appears ready to bite a nurse on the neck. The ending is ambiguous as to whether Blade is actually Drake surviving The Daystar Virus or the real Blade retaining his humanity or giving in to his vampire thirst, or becoming the new vampire messiah as Drake predicted. This is the ending seen on the director\'s cut of the film, and commentary on the DVD indicates it was the ending director Goyer intended. * Werewolf ending: The Daystar virus circles the globe and wipes out all vampires. Blade walks off into the sunset, his long battle finally over. The final shot is of the Nightstalkers battling a new enemy... werewolves. This version of the ending was used in the novelization of the film and is included on the DVD as an extra;{{Citation needed}}'] ['FBI Special Agent Sean Archer  has a personal vendetta against civil freelance terrorist Castor Troy  after Castor killed Archer\'s son Michael while trying to assassinate Archer. Archer learns of Castor\'s brother, Pollux , making arrangements for a private jet, and sets a trap to capture both Castor and Pollux. During the operation, Castor gloats about a bomb he has planted somewhere in Los Angeles, but he is knocked into a coma during the firefight. Though Castor and Pollux are captured, and the plans for the bomb found in Pollux\'s suitcase, Archer has no clue to its location. He agrees to undergo an experimental face transplant surgery, giving him the appearance of Castor; this process is only known to his immediate supervisors and Dr. Walsh who performs the surgery. Archer is taken to an offshore high security prison and meets with Pollux, eventually gaining his confidence to learn the bomb\'s location. During this, Castor wakes from his coma and discovers the face transplant and Archer\'s plan. He contacts his agents who force Dr. Walsh to give him Archer\'s face, and then kill him and Archer\'s superiors. Just as Archer contacts the police to pass along the information, Castor arrives at the prison and taunts Archer, revealing he will now take over his life, including Archer\'s wife Eve  and teenage daughter Jamie . As Castor frees Pollux "locates" his bomb and deactivates it, earning praise from the FBI, Archer escapes from the prison during a riot that left said prison completely destroyed and various guards slaughtered, and soon locates Castor\'s old hideout. There, he meets several of Castor\'s gang, including Castor\'s ex-girlfriend Sasha Hassler  and her son Adam, who resembles Michael at that age. Though initially believing that Adam should be sent to child services, Archer finds Sasha to be a caring mother trying to raise her son in rough conditions. When Castor  learns of the prison break, he suspects that Archer will connect with his gang, and leads an FBI raid of his headquarters. During the battle, many of Castor\'s gang are killed, while Archer kills Pollux, infuriating Castor. Castor is berated by FBI Assistant Director in Charge, Victor Lazarro, but in his anger, Castor kills him, feigning that Lazarro suffered a heart attack; Castor is promoted to acting Director in Charge, making him virtually untouchable. Meanwhile, Archer returns to his home and convinces Eve, a doctor herself, that he is Archer, which she later confirms via blood tests; she helps to tend to his wounds, and explains that Castor will be at Lazarro\'s funeral the next day. Archer waits to confront Castor at the funeral, but finds that Castor has taken Eve as a hostage. A gunfight ensues between Castor, Archer, and Castor\'s gang under Archer\'s orders. Sasha helps to rescue Eve, but takes a bullet in protecting Archer; he promises to look after Adam as she dies. Castor attempts to take Jamie hostage, but she retaliates by using a self-defense tactic that Castor had taught her. Castor tries to escape using a nearby speedboat, followed closely by Archer. The two boats crash ashore, and the two men turn to melee. Castor, finding himself being overpowered, damages his face as to make it unusable by Archer, but Archer kills him using a spear gun. As the FBI arrive, Eve is able to explain Archer\'s true identity. The face transplant surgery is reversed, and the film ends with Archer helping to welcome Adam into his family, fulfilling a promise to Sasha.'] ['The movie features an elite team of soldiers, the "Zombie Squad", who have been enlisted by the government to deal with a growing epidemic of zombies, while scientists work towards a cure for the virus that creates them. The squad must also fight against a religious cult which wishes to protect and enable the zombies, believing them to be a punishment ordained by God. Many of the characters are named after people who have made their marks in the horror and zombie movie fields, such as "Savini", "Romero", "Raimi" and "King".'] ['In New Orleans, a homeless veteran named Douglas Binder  is the target of a hunt. He was given a belt containing $10,000 and was told he must reach the other side of town where he would then win the money and his life. Hunting him are the hunt organizer Emil Fouchon , a businessman named Mr. Lopaki  who has paid $500,000 for the opportunity to hunt a human, Fouchon\'s lieutenant Pik Van Cleaf , and mercenaries including Stephan  and Peterson . Binder fails to reach his destination and is shot by two crossbow bolts. Van Cleaf retrieves the money belt. While searching for her father, Binder\'s long-estranged daughter Natasha  is attacked by a group of thugs and is saved by a homeless man with exceptional martial arts skills named Chance Boudreaux . Chance is initially hesitant to involve himself with her mission, but as his merchant seaman union dues are in arrears he reluctantly allows Natasha to hire him as her guide and bodyguard during her search. Meanwhile, Chance\'s homeless friend Elijah Roper is the next to participate in Fouchon\'s hunt, and is also killed. Natasha discovers that her father distributed fliers for a seedy recruiter named Randal  who has been secretly supplying Fouchon with homeless men with war experience and no family ties. Natasha questions Randal about her father\'s death, but they are discovered by an eavesdropping Van Cleaf. Fouchon and Van Cleaf beat Randal to punish him for sending them a man with an interested family. New Orleans detective Mitchell  is reluctant to investigate Binder\'s disappearance until his charred body is discovered in the ashes of a derelict building. The death is ruled accidental, but Chance searches the ruins and finds Binder\'s dog tag, which was pierced by one of the crossbow bolts. Van Cleaf\'s thugs suddenly ambush Chance and beat him unconscious to scare him and Natasha out of town. When he recovers, he offers Mitchell the dog tag as evidence that Binder was murdered. With the investigation getting closer, Van Cleaf and Fouchon decide to relocate their hunting business and begin eliminating "loose ends". The medical examiner who had been hiding evidence of the hunt and Randal are both executed. Mitchell, Natasha and Chance arrive moments later at Randall\'s office and are ambushed by Van Cleaf and several of his men. During the shootout Mitchell is shot in the chest and killed. Chance kills a handful of the mercenaries and escapes with Natasha. Fouchon and Van Cleaf assemble their mercenary team and five paid-for hunters to continue the chase. Chance leads Natasha to his uncle Douvee\'s  house deep in the bayou, and enlists his help in defeating the men. Chance, Natasha, and Douvee lead the hunting party to a warehouse of old Mardi Gras floats, and kill Fouchon\'s men one by one. Van Cleaf is finally shot to death by Chance in a shoot out. In the end only Fouchon is left, but he holds Chance at bay by taking Natasha hostage and stabbing Douvee in the chest with an arrow. Chance charges him, attacking with a flurry of blows, and then drops a grenade in his pants. Fouchon attempts to dismantle the grenade, but fails and dies in the explosion. Chance, Natasha, and Douvee now make their way out of the warehouse.'] ['A traffic accident changed their lives forever. In capturing wanted criminal Zhang Yidong, Sergeant Tong Fei  was involved in a gunfight and car accident that put the criminal in a coma. But in the process he also crippled a fellow officer, and mistakenly shot dead the elder daughter of public prosecutor and single mother Gao Min . Unable to handle the guilt, Tong Fei succumbs to a fog of pain. Gao Min, meanwhile, pours all her love and attention to her younger daughter Ling. Three months later, the criminal Zhang Yidong awakens from his coma. Gao Min, who had been working hard on bringing him to justice, insists he stand trial immediately.'] ["Kitty  is a vicious young woman who has no qualms about stabbing girlfriend-bullying men in the genitals. Tinam  is a cop who is undergoing a rather traumatic period: he shot his own brother by accident and as a result vomits every time he handles his gun. When Kitty severely injures a man by stabbing him in the groin, Tinam attempts to arrest her but can't manage it. Kitty later turns up at the police station and twists and turns the facts to the point that Tinam has no choice but to start a relationship with her. This reveals Kitty as a subtle manipulator. Tinam, who has become impotent, finds that with Kitty he no longer feels this way, though, for now, she is content with just leading him along. Kitty's father is married to a new wife but it is a tense marriage and one evening he catches her with another man called Bee . In the fight that follows, Kitty's father falls down some stairs and is killed. Furiously determined on revenge, Kitty breaks into Bee's office and proceeds to kill him, his bodyguards and most of his staff . In the course of her escape she takes a woman hostage but then, unexpectedly, the woman helps her out, disposing of many of the pursuers herself. The woman turns out to be Sister Cindy  who is in fact a professional assassin. She was probably out to kill Bee herself. Seeing that Kitty has potential, she proceeds to train her and give her a new identity. The training includes the killing of enraged, chained-up paedophiles in Sister Cindy's cellar. Before long the pupil is outsmarting the teacher. For her first mission, Kitty accompanies Sister Cindy and murders a member of the Japanese yakuza. This leads to a contract being placed on them and the assignment is entrusted to Princess , one of Sister Cindy's former protégés and a lesbian with an equally deadly young lover called Baby . While investigating the murder himself, Tinam goes to check up on an air hostess whom the victim met. The witness is Vivian Shang, who Tinam recognises as Kitty. She denies this but renews their relationship. Sister Cindy proceeds to murder other people who could connect Kitty to Vivian Shang, including Tinam's superior and a witness to the crotch-stabbing incident. Kitty does however stop her from killing Tinam himself. Kitty and Tinam consummate their relationship, but their different professions means that it will be difficult for things to go any further. Sister Cindy for her part decides that Kitty has lost the killer touch, but on the other hand has found happiness with Tinam and tells her to leave and make the most of it. Princess, who is supposed to kill Kitty, builds up an obsession of her own for the girl, which leads to some conflict with Baby. They do however set about killing Sister Cindy who, with death approaching, puts up a good fight. But she is ultimately defeated due to a ploy used by Princess earlier that day: she kissed Sister Cindy but her lipstick contained poison which, combined with some wine she has drunk, kills her. Kitty goes into hiding but later confronts Princess, apparently willing to become her partner both in business and in bed. Princess subsequently falls into the same trap she set Sister Cindy: when they kiss, Kitty passes on some poisoned lipstick of her own. Tinam then bursts in, shooting away at Princess' henchmen, apparently having overcome his vomiting problems. In the battle, Tinam kills Baby and a furious Princess pursues him and Kitty back to Sister Cindy's home. The poison in her system catches up with her however and she dies with Kitty taunting her by claiming that she on the other hand will get to hospital in time to survive. By this time, the poison inside Kitty has taken effect. Unwilling to lose her again, Tinam fires his gun into the gas oven causing them and the house to go up in flames."] ['The film opens with a group of thieves—led by Anthony Fait—attempting to steal diamonds for a Frenchman named Christophe, who serves as the middleman for a mysterious employer. When Fait contacts Christophe, a Taiwanese Intelligence Agent named Su intercepts the conversation and attempts to identify the criminals. While the crew gathers up as many diamonds as they can, including a bag of black diamonds, Agent Su calls Fait and demands that he and his crew leave the diamonds in the vault, warning him that the police are on the way. Fait, however, ignores this warning, and the criminals attempt a daring escape past a SWAT-team blockade. While Fait, Daria, and Tommy all manage to escape, Agent Su captures Miles and recovers Miles\' share of the diamonds. Su is disappointed to find that Miles does not have the black diamonds though. Fait, meanwhile, asks his friend Archie to appraise the black diamonds he had stolen. Arriving at the San Francisco International Airport, Christophe\'s mysterious employer, Yao Ling, is informed, by his assistant Sona, that Christophe has been attacked and that Fait and his gang have taken the black diamonds. Later that night, Fait runs into Su. During this inadvertent meeting, Fait receives a phone call from Yao Ling, who demands that Fait hand over the black diamonds. Fait refuses and is subsequently attacked by two of Ling\'s henchman. With Su\'s help, he defeats them and escapes. Soon after the fight, Archie tells Fait that some gangsters came to his workshop and demanded the black diamonds as well. After some hesitation, Archie admits that he gave the stones to the gangsters to spare his own life. Fait also receives another call from Ling, who has kidnapped Fait\'s daughter, Vanessa, to persuade Fait to give up the diamonds. Now with a common enemy, Fait and Su team up to recover the diamonds from the gangsters and rescue Vanessa from Ling. Fait visits jailed crime lord "Jump" Chambers, most likely the employer of the gangsters who had robbed Archie. When Chambers refuses to cooperate, Fait goes to Chambers\' night club, hoping to find the stones somewhere in his office. The plan goes awry, and Fait and the gang have to leave empty-handed. Meanwhile, Su and Archie go to an underground club to try to find the gangsters who attacked Archie. Because the club does not allow guests, Su is forced to enter as a fighter in the club\'s fighting ring. During Su\'s fight, Archie sees the man they are looking for, recognizing the man\'s ring. Through this informant, they learn that the diamonds are hidden in the bubble bath in Chamber\'s office. When they return to the nightclub to retrieve the diamonds, they find that Yao Ling\'s men have already taken the stones. Meanwhile, while locked in a van, Vanessa finds a cell phone and calls her father. Just before the phone\'s battery runs out, Vanessa gives some clues as to her location. With these clues, the gang surmises that Vanessa is being held in an airport hangar. Realizing that Yao Ling will want to auction off the stones, which are actually weapons of mass destruction, the group searches flight schedules to find an airport where a large number of private flights will be landing that night. Finding the right airport, the group races to the hangar, where Yao Ling\'s auction is already starting. A fight ensues, and Fait and his crew take out members of Ling\'s team. Vanessa is rescued and Ling is killed by one of the stones. When the police arrive, Fait promises to end his criminal career in order to lead a safe and happy life with Vanessa. In a bonus scene during the credits, Tommy and Archie plan to make a movie with their story, using famous actors, such as Denzel Washington. They plan to get the director of the movies Exit Wounds and Romeo Must Die .'] ['The movie starts with Silver Hawk riding on her motorcycle through an alternate version of China. She is chasing thugs who have stolen pandas and are getting away in a truck. She attaches her bike to the truck, jumps on top of and fights the men in the truck until they give up. She heads back to Polaris City  where she meets an old childhood friend, Rich Man. Then a flashback occurs, going back to the martial arts training academy when they were little. He is the new head of the police department. He recognizes Lulu, Silver Hawks\'s name in real life, from magazine covers but does not recall her from his childhood. He tells her of his mission to arrest Silver Hawk. When they arrive at the airport, he asks for her phone number, but she asks for his phone instead. She implants a tracking chip so she can overhear his conversations and agrees to a date if he can recall who she is, tweaking his nose as she goes . At home, she is telling her assistant Mimi about her trip when her adoptive aunt arrives with Professor Ho Chung for a blind date. Prof. Ho starts to tell her of his new project when she gets word of a bank robbery. She suggests going to the movies and leaves to get ready—to change outfits and foil the criminals. The pattern of fighting crooks and disappearing before the police arrive repeats until she arrives at a mugging. This is really a sting for Rich Man to arrest her, but she fends him off and handcuffs him to a pole. As she leaves, he yells that she\'s leaving without a goodbye. This triggers a flashback to when she left the academy with a monk who would train her further in kung fu, leaving him heartbroken. Back at home, she finds the professor\'s assistant waiting in his place. The assistant, Kit, escorts her to the professor\'s demonstration of his project: an A.I. chip that would tap into several databases with information about the user to suggest ways for the user to improve his or her way of life. Lulu doesn\'t like it because it might infringe on free will. Later, Kit reveals he is a Silver Hawk fan and Man, who is there to provide security, recognizes his "little sister." Then the professor is kidnapped by Morris and Jane, with the police and Silver Hawk soon giving chase. At one point, the escape truck is blocked and the two kidnappers get out to slow the pursuit until the truck can move. Silver Hawk battles the two while a camera on his head sends images of her to his boss. The chase ends at an outdoor wedding where she chooses to save the bride instead of following the crooks. While Man investigates Shiraishi Inc., who expressed interest in Ho\'s chip, Ho is brought before Alexander Wolfe, who wants his chip to take over the minds of the phone\'s users. He coerces Prof. Ho into helping him. Man\'s investigation takes him to Zenda City , where Shiraishi is headquartered. His friend on the local force, Lt. Lisa Hayashi, takes him to the CEO, who is already seeing his niece, Lulu Wong. Later, the CEO\'s daughter Tina is kidnapped by Morris and Jane, and Lulu intervenes. The camera on Morris\' head transmits images of Lulu to his boss , who deduces who Silver Hawk is. The crooks escape, and Man brings her to the local police station and asks her about her kung fu skills, which she had earlier denied maintaining. Outside the station, they see the CEO driving away and follow him, knowing that he\'d refused to cooperate with police. They tail him to a meeting with Wolfe, who whisks him away in a helicopter before the two can intervene. All Lulu can do is take a picture of Wolfe and later send it to Kit, knowing that he\'s a fan. Wolfe wants the CEO to put Ho\'s chip in a new phone and distribute them in exchange for his daughter. Later, he forces Prof. Ho to speed up his preparation of the subliminal messages that phones will transmit, despite possible long-term damage to the user\'s mind. Ho manages to slip a secret message into the phone\'s computer code. Days later, Shiraishi is promoting its new phone, and the CEO is more focused on that than on seeing Lulu about his daughter. Lulu goes to her apartment and finds flowers and a message from Wolfe to meet him about Tina. As she\'s about to leave, she finds Man, who has begun to guess who Silver Hawk is, waiting outside to talk to her. She tells him to wait in the hotel bar, but he leaves some tracking chips on top of the door. when she leaves, the chips fall onto her hair, and he tracks her to her meeting. Inside the building, she meets Wolfe, who then sends four men attached to bungee cords to attack Silver Hawk and leap away before she can respond. She manages to fend them off until Wolfe injures her shoulder with his prosthetic arms. She then uses one bungee cord to leap up to a window and escape. Man tracks her to where she\'d passed out from the pain and takes her to his apartment to confront her about her vigilante actions. This is interrupted when Kit walks in and start to blab about the e-mail he\'d sent her about Wolfe. Man drags him away to get the information about Wolfe. That interrogation is interrupted by a newsflash about the CEO\'s support of Wolfe to run for premier. Kit sees how unnatural the CEO\'s face is; Man sees he\'s wearing a new phone. The two investigate the connection. As Lulu bathes to heal her shoulder, she recalls a lesson her teacher gave her about the nature of water and kung fu. This gives her an idea on how to deal with Wolfe. The next day, Kit has discovered the secret message Prof. Ho put in the code. Wolfe plans to activate the mind control in a few hours, but they don\'t know where to look for him until Silver Hawk sends them the address. There, the police battle Wolfe\'s thugs until Silver Hawk arrives to help put them away. Kit finds a way to Wolfe\'s lair and then tend to Prof. Ho while Silver Hawk and Man battle Wolfe and his men. She uses cloths attached to her flying blades to subdue his prosthetics, and she and Man finally defeat him. But they must use Wolfe\'s retinal scan to stop the process, so Kit tricks him into opening his eyes. This foils his plan but also activates the self-destruct system. Silver Hawk and the rest escape, but Wolfe is crushed to death. Back in Polaris City, Lulu has a date with Man. He\'s called away on official business, leaving the question of whether he\'d arrest Lulu unanswered. Silver Hawk later drives up next to man, and the two tease each other about their signature moves.'] ["A US agent is sent to communist China in order to retrieve an important agricultural enzyme. What he does not know is that there is a bomb implanted in his head; the forces behind his mission will detonate it if he fails to carry out the assignment. Nobel Prize-winning university professor Dr. John Hathaway's mission begins with Lt. General Shelby's request at the American Embassy in London that he travel to China to visit Soong Li, a former professor of Hathaway's who reportedly has developed an enzyme that would permit crops to grow in any kind of climate. The hesitant Hathaway is further urged to go by a phone call from the President of the United States. A transmitter is implanted in Hathaway's skull as a tracking device. He isn't informed that it also includes a explosive element in case of emergency that can be triggered by the Americans if necessary. Neither the U.S. nor the Soviet Union want the enzyme to remain exclusively in Chinese hands. Hathaway is met in Hong Kong by security chief Yin, who begins by taking Hathaway to meet Red China's party chairman. They play a game of table tennis and discuss the enzyme, which the Chairman claims he intends to share with the entire world. Soong Li, possibly betrayed by his daughter, is attacked by Red Guards looking for the formula. Before he dies, Soong Li gives a book to Hathaway containing quotations from the Chairman. The professor flees with the book and a piece of microfilm, trying to reach the Russian border before Yin's men can capture him. He is unable to scale a fence, so Shelby elects to set off the explosive device, until Soviet soldiers arrive at the last minute to help Hathaway cross safely. Once safe, the professor discovers that the enzyme's formula is hidden in the Chairman's book of quotations."] ["There are 666 portals on Earth that connect this world to the other side which are concealed from human beings. However, there are some who are aware of their existence and are willing to open the gates to obtain the power of darkness. Somewhere in Japan exists the 444th portal known as The Forest of Resurrection. In 10th century Japan, a lone samurai fends off a horde of zombie-like samurai creatures. Though successfully vanquishing the zombies, the samurai is confronted by a mysterious samurai and his league of warriors. In an attempt to take out the mysterious samurai, the lone samurai charges full scale but is easily killed and defeated. However, before dying, the lone samurai spots an ally behind him, arriving too late to save him. In present day Japan, two Prisoners escape through a forest and meet up with a gang of Yakuzas. There, they wait for the Yakuza's leader who coordinated their escape. However, when Prisoner KSC2-303  see's a girl  that they kidnapped, he immediately becomes suspicious of what they plan to do with her. After a heated argument, Prisoner KSC2-303 kills one of the Yakuza members who immediately comes back to life as a zombie. This results in the other prisoner being killed and resurrecting as a zombie too. The zombies are killed and Prisoner KSC2-303 escapes back into the forest with The Girl. The Yakuza decide to disobey their orders to wait for their leader and find and kill Prisoner KSC2-303 and The Girl. Prisoner KSC2-303 and The Girl come across a man crucified to a tree. Prisoner KSC2-303 steals the dead man's clothes and is confronted by one of the Yakuzas. They engage in hand to hand combat while the other Yakuzas begin facing problems of their own. The corpses of all the men they have killed and buried in the forest come back to life and attack them. Prisoner KSC2-303 and the other Yakuza disband their fight to battle the zombies. Though victorious, the Yakuza were only able to keep them down for a while. With the horde of zombies growing, the Yakuza call upon three assassins to aid them in their mission. However, their leader, The Man  finally arrives and confronts them. Angered that they lost Prisoner KSC2-303 and The Girl, The Man means to kill his posse. However, the Yakuza and Assassins take the upper hand and kill him first. But The Man easily jumps back to his feet and turns the Assassins and Yakuza into his own minions. One of the Assassins manages to survive and escape The Man's vicious attack and find Prisoner KSC2-303. She begins attacking him, initially emerging victorious but knocked out by The Girl with a log. However, another Assassin arrives to battle Prisoner KSC2-303. Though losing at first, Prisoner KSC2-303 makes his victory when The Girl distracts the Assassin. Having survived the fight, The Assassin is confronted by The Man and killed. Prisoner KSC2-303 attempts to force The Girl to tell him what is going on, believing she's been hiding secrets from him the whole time. She only tells him that his destiny is to defeat him. Before explaining thoroughly, The Man finds Prisoner KSC2-303 and The Girl. The Man begins explaining to Prisoner KSC2-303 that they both and The Girl are reincarnations of past lives. The Man plans to use The Girl as a sacrifice to open the portal hidden in The Forest of Resurrection to obtain the power of darkness. Unable to accept his explanations, Prisoner KSC2-303 attempts to kill The Man but is killed himself instead. The Girl manages to reach Prisoner KSC2-303's body and feed him a part of her blood before being taken by The Man's minions. During his unconscious state, Prisoner KSC2-303 has a flashback of his old pre-incarnated self from the 10th century. He is the ally that was too late to save the lone samurai. He and The Girl, who is revealed to be a Princess, are confronted by the mysterious samurai who turns out to be The Man. Unwilling to let him have her, Pre-Prisoner KSC2-303 kills The Girl to stop him from obtaining the power of darkness. Enraged, The Man viciously kills Pre-Prisoner KSC2-303 and Prisoner KSC2-303 is awakened in the present with the truth fully revealed to him. The following morning, Prisoner KSC2-303 confronts The Man and his minions for a final showdown. Prisoner KSC2-303 takes on the minions first and wins, leaving only The Man left. Prisoner KSC2-303 loses the battle at first but finds his strength in the middle of battle and decapitates The Man. Prisoner KSC2-303 rescues The Girl and both make their escape from The Forest of Resurrection. 99 years later, the world is destroyed. Apparently on Prisoner KSC2-303's behalf. A protagonist reincarnation of The Man travels through a ruined Tokyo and confronts an antagonistic reincarnation of Prisoner KSC2-303, holding another reincarnation of The Girl hostage. Having longed to obtain the power of darkness, Prisoner KSC2-303 and The Man engage in battle one last time."] ['Russian general Marenkov ([[Robert Shaw  decides to defect to the West, and CIA agent Harry Wargrave  leads the team that is to get him out. Wargrave decides that Marenkov should travel across Europe by train, on the fictional "Avalanche Express". The idea is to lure the Russians into attacking the train, and thus discover who their secret agents in Europe are. Consequently, during the train journey they must survive both a terrorist attack and an avalanche, all planned by Russian spy-catcher Nikolai Bunin .'] ['Mike Riggins, an imprisoned ex-US Special forces operative in Eastern Europe, is offered his freedom and money to rescue an American woman, Ana Gale, who has been kidnapped by a ruthless warlord. But, shortly after freeing her, Mike discovers that the kidnap story was just a ruse to bring Ana out into the open. Our hero suddenly finds himself and his charge being hunted by ruthless government, para-military, and underworld organizations – all who want him dead and Ana under their control. With no one to turn to, and the enemies closing in, Mike must uncover the truth about Ana and bring her to the safety of the U.S. Embassy.'] ['A privately owned luxury Boeing 747-100, Stevens\' Flight 23  complete with piano bar, office, and bedroom, is used to ferry invited guests to an estate owned by wealthy philanthropist Philip Stevens . Valuable artwork from Stevens\'s private collection is also on board the jetliner, to be eventually displayed in his new museum. Such a collection motivates a group of thieves led by co-pilot Bob Chambers  to hijack the aircraft in the hopes of landing it on an abandoned airfield on St. George Island. Once Captain Don Gallagher  leaves the cockpit and is knocked unconscious, the hijackers\' plans go into motion. A sleeping gas is released into the cabin and the passengers lose consciousness. Knocking out the flight engineer, Chambers puts the plan in motion, and Stevens\' Flight 23 "disappears" into the Bermuda Triangle. Descending to virtual wave-top altitude, Flight 23 heads into a fog bank, reducing visibility to less than a mile. Minutes later, a large offshore drilling platform emerges from the haze, Flight 23 heading straight for it at close to 600 knots.  Chambers pulls back on the yoke in a banking left turn but the engine number 4 clips the derrick, causing the engine to catch fire. Chambers immediately hits the fire extinguishing button and flames are momentarily extinguished. However, because the aircraft is at such a low altitude, the sudden loss of airspeed threatens to stall the airplane. As the engine reignites, Chambers is forced to use another fire-suppression bottle. But by this time, the aircraft stall alarm goes off and the aircraft\'s tail hits the water. All the passengers wake up, and most start to scream and panic. Chambers is able to pull up, but soon the plane\'s right wing hits the water again, and the plane lifts into the air for another moment, then hitting the water again. Because of the impact being so hard, the plane becomes grounded in the ocean. Eventually, the plane begins to slip beneath the waves. The ocean bottom is fortunately above the crush-depth of the fuselage. Many of the passengers are injured, some seriously. Two of the would-be thieves are killed in the initial crash. Banker  is in the hold securing the art for the transfer when a cargo container causes a breach of the outer skin, crushing and drowning him. The second fatality is Wilson , who is killed when he is slammed into the flight panel on impact. Since the aircraft was off course, search and rescue efforts are focused in the wrong area. Involved in these efforts are Phillip Stevens and Joe Patroni . The only way to signal rescue efforts to the proper region is to get a signal buoy to the surface in a small dinghy. Captain Gallagher and diver Martin Wallace  enter the main cargo in the attempt, but an unexpected triggering of the hatch crushes Wallace. Gallagher, out of oxygen provided by the reserve mask, makes it to the surface, and activates the beacon after he climbs into the dinghy. Getting a fix on the new signal, an S-3 Viking overflies the crash site, confirming the location of Flight 23. The navy then dispatches a sub-recovery ship, the USS Cayuga along with the destroyer USS Agerholm and a flotilla of other vessels. The aircraft is ringed with balloons and once inflated, the aircraft rises from the bottom of the seafloor. Just before the plane breaks surface, one of the balloons breaks loose, prompting the Navy captain to reduce the air pressure of the remaining balloons, thus keeping the plane just beneath the waves. At that moment, one of the doors in the cargo hold bursts open, causing the plane to flood. The cascade of sea water sweeps through the passengers; First Officer Chambers is killed when he is pinned under a sofa. The deluge also sweeps away Wallace\'s widow , who drowns just as the Navy captain orders more air pressure into the balloons, finally raising the plane successfully. Once on the surface, the passengers are evacuated. With the survivors on their way to waiting ships, Captain Gallagher and Stevens\' assistant, Eve  are the last to evacuate from the aircraft as it slips under the waves for the last time.'] ['A martial artist  must stop a group of terrorists trained in the ninja style by his half-brother . The film opens with a short scene at a terrorist training camp. The main instructor, Katsumoto  tells the graduating class that all of their actions and whereabouts will be known and that if they do anything to expose or harm the group, they and their families will be killed. The film then cuts to an assassination of a diplomat by members of the group. One of the terrorists is shot by a bodyguard while the others escape. We then meet Scott James , a retired karate champion, who is at a dance performance. After the performance, he meets one of the dancers named Nancy . He takes her out to dinner because he is interested in how she incorporated the martial arts into her routine. She seems distant during the dinner and is more concerned about a recent assassination that took place abroad. She wonders if “an American was killed.” Scott takes Nancy home, and he senses that someone is there. The lights don’t work as they enter, and then they are attacked by a group of ninjas. Scott fights them off, but they end up killing Nancy. After he restores power to the house, he notices that the entire family has been killed. The next day, Scott goes to see an old mercenary friend named McCarn . Scott asks him if he knows about any ninja activity. However, McCarn tells him, “If you are seeing ninja, you are seeing ghosts.” McCarn tries to recruit Scott to join his cause in eliminating terrorists, but Scott declines. On his way back from McCarn’s place, Scott encounters a rich lady named Justine , who managed to get her car stuck on the side of the road. She asks Scott for help, and after he helps her, she takes his keys, forcing him to walk back to her place to get them. Scott goes back to Justine’s house to get his keys, and she pretends to find them in her purse. She offers to drive him back since “It would be the only decent thing to do.” Scott agrees, only on the condition that this time, he drives. On their way back, Scott and Justine are chased by two cars. Scott and Justine manage to evade their pursuers. After Scott gets back to his car, Justine identifies one of the cars as being “her bodyguards.” Scott then asks her out to dinner since she has now become “an object of concern.” Before their date, Scott goes back to McCarn’s and notices that the car that was chasing them belonged to McCarn. He confronts Justine, and she confesses that she hired McCarn to be her bodyguard because McCarn told her that Scott would not accept her offer of employment. She also wants him to kill a man named Seikura . She confesses that her father was killed by terrorists and that she has since been on a crusade to eliminate them. She has managed to help “retire” two of the three main terrorist leaders, but Seikura remains. Scott is insulted by her actions, and he promptly declines her offer and leaves. Scott’s friend, A.J.  is a karate champion and feels frustrated by the recent terrorist attacks that have taken place both abroad and on Nancy. He decides to start going after terrorists himself. He tries to find a German terrorist, but that terrorist gets killed by McCarn’s men before A.J. can catch him. McCarn then fills A.J. in on just who he is and his relationship to Scott. He also tells A.J. that it was Nancy’s brother who was killed in the terrorist attack abroad and that she was killed in retaliation. A. J. decides to join McCarn’s cause. We see a flashback where Scott remembers training with his half brother Seikura. He and his brother are seen running through an obstacle course to obtain a sword. Scott stumbles at the end but still manages to get the sword. However, his enraged brother grabs the sword and declares it to be his. Scott’s adoptive father , then berates Seikura and disowns him. He tells Scott that Seikura is now his enemy for life. The movie cuts to a scene at the Octagon training camp where a new group of recruits has graduated. One recruit, Aura  has reservations about what she is doing but leaves the camp to report to a terrorist dispatcher named “Doggo” . Scott realizes that A.J. and McCarn are right, so he signs up and attends a mercenary recruiting camp in an attempt to be recruited so he can get to Seikura. He gets interviewed at Doggo’s camp, but Doggo knows his true identity, and he refuses his services. Scott then has to fight his way out of Doggo’s facility, defeating “Longlegs”  and “Hatband”  and returns to his hotel. Later that day, Aura grabs Scott’s file and defects from Doggo’s camp. Meanwhile, Justine manages to recruit A.J. to find Seikura. As Scott goes back to his room, he encounters Aura, and she tells him that she regrets what she has done and that she can lead him to Seikura’s camp. Justine then comes by to try once more to get Scott to help her, but she gives up after seeing Aura and decides to get Seikura herself. As she goes out of the hotel with A.J., she is hit with a poisoned dart from one of Doggo’s men and dies. A.J. then leaves to find Seikura’s place while McCarn stays behind to watch Scott. A few hours later, several ninja are seen scaling the hotel. They attack Scott and Aura but are defeated—the last shot by one of McCarn’s men as he is descending the hotel. A firefight then erupts between McCarn’s men and Doggo’s men, and all of Doggo’s men are killed. Scott and Aura then depart to Mexico for Seikura’s terrorist camp. A.J. is then shown finding Seikura’s place  the hard way, and he is eventually captured and taken prisoner. Aura gets Scott to the compound, and Scott infiltrates the camp. He is eventually discovered and led to an area known as “The Octagon” . Scott fights his way through and ends up fighting Seikura’s “enforcer” named “Kyo” . Scott defeats Kyo, and as a result, Seikura kills A.J. by slitting his throat. Scott and Seikura fight, but Seikura escapes the compound. Meanwhile, Aura infiltrates the compound and recruits several of her fellow former trainees to fight back and burn the compound to the ground. They end up destroying the entire camp, but only Aura manages to survive. She then goes after Scott and Seikura. As the sun is coming up, she sees Seikura attack Scott from behind. However, Scott stabs Seikura with his sword and the movie ends with Scott standing over Seikura’s body.'] ['When the existence of a strain of plague  is revealed at the U.S. mission at the International Health Organization, three terrorists seek to blow up the U.S. mission. Two of them are shot, one mortally, by security personnel but one escapes. The surviving terrorist is hospitalized and quarantined and identified as Swedish. Dr. Elena Stradner  and U.S. Colonel Stephen Mackenzie   argue over the nature of the strain, which Stradner suspects is a biological weapon but which Colonel Mackenzie claims was in the process of being destroyed. The third terrorist escapes and stows away on a transcontinental train bound from Geneva to Stockholm. Dr. Stradner believes that the train should be stopped so that the terrorist can be removed and quarantined, but Col. Mackenzie is concerned that all of the passengers on the train may have been infected. Mackenzie insists on rerouting the train to an abandoned ex-Nazi railroad line to a quarantine camp in Janov, Poland. However the line crosses a dangerously unsound steel arch bridge known as the Kaslindrliv Bridge or Cassandra Crossing, out of use since 1948. Mackenzie understands that the bridge might collapse as the train passes over it. The presence of the infected terrorist, and the rerouting of the train, precipitates the second conflict, among passengers on the train; they include Dr. Jonathan Chamberlain , a famous neurologist, his ex-wife Jennifer Rispoli Chamberlain , and Nicole Dressler , the wife of a German arms dealer. She is embroiled in an affair with her young companion Robby Navarro. Navarro is a heroin trafficker being pursued by FBI agent Haley, who is traveling undercover as a priest. Mackenzie informs Dr. Chamberlain of the presence of the stowaway, who is found, but attempts to remove the stowaway via a helicopter are unsuccessful because the train enters a tunnel. Chamberlain is also told that the plague has a 60% mortality rate. Mackenzie, however, informs passengers that police have received reports of anarchist bombs placed along the rail line, and that the train will be rerouted to Nuremberg. There the train is sealed with an enclosed oxygen system and a U.S. Army medical team is placed aboard, with the now-deceased stowaway being placed in a hermetically-sealed coffin. Dr. Chamberlain learns of the risk of the Cassandra Crossing. He also begins to suspect the disease is not as serious as originally thought: few of the passengers have become infected and few of those have actually died. He radios MacKenzie suggesting the infected portion of the train be uncoupled and isolated, but MacKenzie has no intention of stopping the train: if the expected Cassandra Crossing collapse occurs, it will neatly cover the fact that the U.S has been harboring germ warfare agents in a neutral country. Passengers on the train work alone to stop the train before it reaches the Cassandra Crossing. The passengers manage to seize the back half of the train roughly one km before the bridge and detach it, hoping that with less weight, the front half will cross safely. But the bridge collapses, killing everyone aboard the front half. The back end applies the brakes and stops just before reaching the downed bridge. In Geneva, both Stradner and MacKenzie depart: she keeps hope of survivors while he thinks the elimination of the train means no investigations. A guard on duty orders both of them be watched.'] ['Agent Axon Rey, a heavily decorated war hero and former police officer, is send to a rehabilitation island called "Gulag 7" under the nickname "Sphinx". He has to perform an extremely dangerous mission.'] ['Johnny Wayne  is an ex-racer who is serving in prison after crippling a young boy during an illegal street race in Los Angeles. Wayne, having been traumatised by the events, vows to never race again, and is soon released as a reformed citizen. Whilst Wayne attempts to restore his life and become an honest, hardworking member of society, he slowly finds himself being lured back into street racing by his former associates, for the chance to keep his title as the ultimate street racer of Los Angeles.'] ['At an elite school, a group of student who call themselves "The Sentinels" begin terrorizing their socially undesirable classmates. Soon, one of their targets ends up brutally murdered. An editor of the high school paper begins to investigate and The Sentinels become even more ruthless in their behavior.'] ['Two years after his escape from France, Jason Bourne and Marie Kreutz are living in Goa, India. Bourne continues to have flashbacks about his former life as a CIA assassin, which he writes in a small diary. Meanwhile, in Berlin, Germany, CIA agents subordinate to Deputy Director Pamela Landy are paying US$3 million for the "Neski files", documents on the theft of $20 million in allocation money seven years earlier. Russian Federal Security Service agent Kirill plants Bourne\'s fingerprint to frame him, kills the agents, and steals the files and money, giving them to his employer, Russian oil oligarch Yuri Gretkov. Kirill travels to Goa to kill Bourne, but Bourne spots him and flees with Marie. As the couple drive away, Kirill attempts to shoot Bourne, but kills Marie by mistake. Their vehicle goes off a bridge and into a river; Kirill believes that Bourne is dead. Bourne survives and leaves for Naples, Italy, with money and passports. After finding the fingerprint Kirill planted, Landy learns that it belongs to Bourne and subsequently asks Deputy Director Ward Abbott about Operation Treadstone. Landy tells Abbott that the CIA agent who stole the $20 million was named in the stolen files. Some years ago, Russian politician Vladimir Neski was about to identify the thief when he was supposedly murdered by his wife in a Berlin hotel. Landy believes that Bourne and the late Treadstone supervisor Alexander Conklin were somehow involved, and assumes that Bourne killed her two agents. Both Abbott and Landy go to Berlin to find Bourne and take him down. In Naples, Bourne allows himself to be identified by security. He subdues his CIA interrogator, copies the SIM card from his cell phone, and learns from a subsequent phone call about Landy and what she thinks Bourne did. Bourne goes to Munich to visit the only other remaining Treadstone operative, Jarda, who informs Bourne that Treadstone was shut down after Conklin\'s death. Jarda tries to incapacitate Bourne before an incoming CIA team arrives, but Bourne kills him, blows up his house, and escapes. Bourne follows Landy and Abbott as they meet former Treadstone support technician Nicky Parsons to question her about her past experience with him. Believing that the CIA is hunting him again, Bourne calls Landy and is told that he is being pursued because he killed two people in Berlin—though she is not referring to Bourne\'s recent flashbacks. Bourne arranges to meet Nicky at the Alexanderplatz, where he kidnaps and interrogates her, finding out that Abbott was the head of Treadstone, not Conklin. He remembers that he murdered Neski in Berlin, but Parsons knows nothing about it. Bourne visits the hotel where the killing took place and remembers more of his mission—he killed Neski on Conklin\'s orders, and when Neski\'s wife showed up, he shot her to make it look like a murder–suicide. Abbott kills his own assistant once he suspects a conspiracy against Bourne, who breaks into Abbott\'s hotel room and records a conversation between him and Gretkov that incriminates them in the theft of the money. Abbott confesses to ordering the assassination in Goa, Neski\'s murder by Bourne, and the murder of the agents by Kirill, for which Bourne was to be framed. When Landy suspects Bourne\'s innocence and confronts Abbott, he commits suicide. Bourne sends the tape of the confession to Landy, vindicating himself. Bourne goes to Moscow to find Irena Neski, the daughter of Vladimir Neski. Kirill tracks down Bourne and wounds him in the shoulder. Bourne reaches a car and Kirill engages him in a high-speed car chase, ending with Kirill\'s death after Bourne forces his car into a concrete divider. Bourne locates Neski and apologizes for murdering her parents. Gretkov is arrested by Landy, using the evidence she got from Bourne. Some time later, in New York City, she receives a phone call from Bourne; she expresses her thanks for the tape of Abbott\'s confession before telling Bourne his real name is David Webb and that he was born "4-15-71" in Nixa, Missouri. Bourne tells her that she looks tired, indicating that he can see her, before hanging up and fading into a New York crowd.'] ['{{plot}}  A woman in a parking garage has trouble starting her car. Three thugs appear, force her out, and begin to rape her when Paul Kersey appears out of nowhere. He shoots the first two to death and wounds the third. Kersey blocks the exit, where the third mugger pleads for his life. Paul shoots him and then rolls the criminal over with his foot and reveals him to be himself. The assault was just a bad dream. A young woman enters Paul\'s architectural office. She is Erica Sheldon , whose mother, Karen Sheldon , is Paul\'s current girlfriend. Erica later goes with boyfriend Randy Viscovich  to an arcade to meet up with someone named JoJo Ross  and another buddy, Jesse Winters . JoJo offers her crack cocaine, and Erica dies from an overdose. Having seen Erica accept a cigarette from Randy whilst in his car the previous night, Kernsey is certain Randy was involved with Erica\'s death with Erica\'s death so he follows him to the arcade. Randy confronts JoJo and threatens to go to the police. JoJo silences Randy to prevent this. Kersey promptly shoots JoJo, who falls onto the electrified roof of the bumper-car ride to his death. At home, Paul receives a call from publisher and secretive tabloid owner Nathan White ([[John P. Ryan . Nathan explains that after his wife died, his daughter became his whole life. Then she became addicted to drugs and eventually died of an overdose. Nathan wants to hire Kersey to wipe out the drug trade in LA — in particularly, there are 2 major drug gangs rivaling between themselves for the main local drug supply: one is led by Ed Zacharias , while the other is under brothers Jack and Tony Romero . Kersey accepts and Nathan supplies him with weapons and information. All the while two LA detectives, Sid Reiner and Phil Nozaki , begin to investigate the arcade deaths. Kersey infiltrates a mansion where Zacharias is throwing an elaborate birthday party. As he bugs a phone, he witnesses Zacharias murder a colleague, Vince Montono , who stole a big deal of cocaine from Zahcarias\'s South American connections. Zacharias discovers and captures Paul  and orders him to help carry out the dead body. A hired hitman, Al Arroyo  helps Paul hide the corpse in the trunk of a car. Knowing that he is about to be killed, Paul decapitates Arroyo with the car\'s trunk cover in self-defense. Paul proceeds to kill three of Ed Zacharias\' favored hitmen at an Italian restaurant - Danny Moreno ([[Michael Russo , Art Sanella  and Jack Steiner - with a wine bottle containing a bomb ; later he starts attacking the Romeros\' side: first, he kills drug dealer Max Green , leader of Romeros\' streetdealers, disguised as a sex video trader. The fake Nathan White is furious that Kersey is still alive. He kidnaps and uses Karen as a bait to lure Paul into a trap. Kersey knocks out Detective Reiner , then pulls a M16 rifle, with an incorporated M203 grenade launcher, from a gun rack hidden behind his freezer. Kersey arrives at the meeting place - the parking lot of White\'s luxurious commercial building. The car rolls forward as White orders his men to open fire. They spray the car with bullets before realizing Paul\'s not in it. Kersey fires a grenade, killing three bandits as their van explodes, then fires another grenade to kill Jesse as he betrays his crew and tries to drive away. Kersey follows White into a roller rink, resulting in the deaths of six more criminals . White escapes through a back door holding Karen hostage. Karen attempts to escape, but White shoots from behind and kills her. . Distraught by Karen\'s death and realizing that White has run out of bullets, Kersey fires a last grenade that finishes him off, literally blasting him to death. Reiner arrives and orders him to surrender, threatening to shoot as Kersey walks away. Kersey simply replies: "Do whatever you have to", and Reiner lets him go.'] ['The film begins with a SWAT team going into the house of a United States Senator. Someone is holding the Senator hostage. The bomb squad arrives in a helicopter and they rappel down into the house. Frank Glass  is in charge of the bomb squad. Glass finds a bomb in the basement and works to disarm it while the SWAT team is in a shoot out with some of the hostage takers. Glass gets the bomb disarmed, but he thinks it was too easy to do it, that it was meant to make him think he disarmed it. Everyone is ordered out of the house. The elaborate bomb is shown just before it explodes. A year later, in San Francisco, two cops&mdash;Ray Nettles  and his partner Art "Fuzzy" Rice  are driving around talking. Nettles and Fuzzy are narcotics cops. Nettles is a cop on the edge. His wife and son were killed by a bomb. Ever since then, he has lost his enthusiasm for his job, hygiene, and life in general. Fuzzy has been trying to cheer Nettles up, and talk out his demons. They stumble upon something suspicious and decide to investigate, and they end up in an apartment building busting some guy. Then they end up at a warehouse. Nettles runs into a scientist named Claire Manning , and Fuzzy gets killed by Swann , the IRA-connected terrorist who bombed the Senator\'s house. Nettles and Swann have a stand-off until Swann and his men just leave. Nettles arrests Claire. She refuses to say anything about Swann. Claire is wearing an odd-looking bracelet. Nettles takes it to the bomb squad, and Glass looks it over. It turns out that the bracelet contains a powerful explosive. Swann wants Claire back, more than anything. The police decide to hold Claire in an effort to find out what Swann is up to, which makes Swann more than a little angry. Swann rigs up a powerful bomb, and he calls in a threat to the police station&mdash;if Claire isn’t released within an hour, a large bomb will go off somewhere in the city. Swann intends to continue setting off bombs until Claire is released. Swann and the men who are working for him are in the city for a big job. And Nettles becomes obsessed with nailing Swann. Glass and the bomb squad are working on the case because bombs are involved. Nettles ends up working with Glass and the bomb squad. Together, they attempt to stop Swann, and they try to figure out the big job that Swann is in town for, and how Claire is involved in it. It turns out that Claire is out for revenge&mdash;her husband was murdered after discovering plans to build an elementary school on a toxic waste dumping area. Claire blames the San Francisco City Government for her husband\'s murder, so she has enlisted Swann\'s help to get revenge by blowing up city hall. That\'s the big job that Swann is in town for. With the help of Glass, Nettles sets out to find and stop Swann... and maybe exorcise the demons from his own tortured past.'] ["Maliq Ali  is a defense attorney whose guilt over freeing guilty criminals, and the death of his family, leads him to become a costumed ninja vigilante who stalks these same criminals at night. After refusing to defend Tony Fanelli , a small-time mobster accused of murder, he finds himself involved in protecting the only witness, Tracey Allen , from Fanelli's hired thugs. While protecting this young woman, he is confronted by The Red Ninja , a Japanese assassin, who years before killed his family rather than pay Ali for defending him."] ["Raja Saab  is an aged powerful and greedy owner of a coal mine. He treats the miners very poorly. He prefers to eat diamonds, for which he punishes Raja's father and steal diamonds from his father. Raja comes across the beautiful Gauri  and intends to marry her. He sends her a marriage proposal along with a picture of his mute slave Shankar . Gauri falls in love with Shankar's picture and starts dreaming of her life as his bride. On the wedding day, she discovers that she is marrying Raja and faints. Raja takes her to his room and tries to have sex with her but she refuses and Raja locks her away. Gauri attempts to commit suicide but is stopped by Shankar - she is angry with him at this point as she believes he was part of Raja's plan. One night Raja's secretary Bindya  is raped by Raja's brother Brijwa but Shankar rescues her and Brijwa informs Raja that Shankar tried to rape her. Bindya is sold to a brothel. Gauri's brother comes to rescue Gauri but is murdered by Raja - before dying he asks Shankar to run away with his sister. Shankar and Gauri escape to the mountains and Raja and his men go in search of them. When they find them, Raja pushes Shankar off a cliff and sells Gauri to the brothel with Bindya. Shankar survives his fall and is operated on by a doctor who finds Shankar is not mute by birth. Shankar reveals that when he was a child, two men killed his parents in front of him and when he threatened to expose them, someone came behind him and stuffed coal in his throat, thereby depriving him of his voice. Shankar returns to the town to find Gauri. He sees her being sold to two men who he recognises as the men who killed his parents. He runs into Brijwa and murders him. He is then able to kill the two men who have taken Gauri but not before discovering that Raja had in fact sent them to murder his parents. Shankar finds Raja the next day and sets him on fire, killing him. Shankar and Gauri then reconcile."] ['Milian plays Rambo, an ex-cop who seeks revenge against two powerful crime families who were responsible for the murder of his friend. {{Unreferenced section}}'] [" Alice clones  attempt to kill Albert Wesker  at his base in Tokyo. Wesker escapes and destroys the base, killing all of the clones. However, the real Alice boarded his aircraft beforehand. Wesker uses a serum to remove all of Alice's powers before the lack of a pilot makes the aircraft crash. Alice somehow survives the crash while Wesker seemingly perishes. Six months later, Alice travels back to North America in an airplane following emergency broadcasts from a safe haven known as Arcadia in Alaska . En route to Alaska, Alice is attacked by Claire Redfield ; after the attack, Alice destroys the device controlling Claire  and discovers Claire has amnesia. The two travel to the ruins of Los Angeles in a Yak-52 plane, where they find a group of survivors living in a prison surrounded by the infected. Luther West , leads the small band which includes Wendell , Crystal Waters , Bennett  and Kim Yong , Angel Ortiz , and Chris Redfield , who is a prisoner under lockdown in the facility. With their help, Alice lands her plane on the roof of the prison and learns that Arcadia is not a fixed place but actually a cargo tanker traveling along the coast. Alice and the survivors decide to find an alternate means to make it to the Arcadia. Chris reveals he's Claire's brother, insisting he is not a prisoner but actually a soldier who fell victim to a cruel joke by some escaped prisoners; he claims to know an alternate route. While in the shower, Alice is attacked by a group of Majini infected that managed to tunnel into the prison. Wendell, who was trying to peep on Alice, is taken away/eaten by the zombies. Alice, seeing as they are out of options, decides to set Chris free and leave the prison. Chris reveals that the prison keeps an armored car that can be used to escape. However, a giant axe-wielding monster begins breaking down the gate outside. To overcome the problems, Alice, Chris and Crystal go deeper into the prison to retrieve additional guns from the armory; Luther and Claire attempt to reinforce the gate to keep the Axeman and other zombies at bay. As Alice, Chris and Crystal make it to the armory, zombies swarm them, overpowering and devouring Crystal. Angel informs Bennett and Yong that the vehicle is missing its engine and it would take a week to fix. Panicking, Bennett shoots Angel, abandons Yong, and escapes with Alice's airplane. Below, the Axeman finally breaks down the gate, allowing the zombies outside to enter the facility. With no other choice, the group decides to use the zombie-dug tunnels to escape into the sewers. Yong is suddenly cut in half by the Axeman, whom Alice and Claire then face. Alice attempts to fight it first and it knocks her out; Claire then defends Alice and just before it kills her, Alice awakes and saves them both. The two meet back up with Chris at the end of the sewers but they lose Luther to a zombie who drags him back into the sewers. Alice and the Redfields commandeer a boat and board the Arcadia, discovering it's functional but abandoned. Claire suddenly regains her memory, and reveals Arcadia was an Umbrella trap to gather survivors to be used as test subjects. The trio begin releasing survivors, among them K-Mart . Seeing a trail of blood leading from an empty test subject container, Alice follows it deeper into the ship. As she expected, Alice finds Wesker, brought back by the T-virus. However, Wesker is constantly battling the virus for control of his body, something he believes could be pacified by fresh human DNA; the Umbrella staff fled Arcadia in terror. Wesker reveals he plans to eat Alice, the only person to bond at a cellular level with the T-virus and successfully retain control, hoping it will give him the control he needs. Chris and Claire arrive and attack Wesker while Alice battles two dogs and Bennett, who has allied himself with Wesker. Wesker easily overpowers Chris and Claire, but Alice is able to defeat both Bennett and Wesker with help from K-Mart. While leaving, they lock Bennett in the room with Wesker's corpse; Bennett is devoured by Wesker when he revives. Wesker then escapes in an aircraft, activating a bomb on the Arcadia. The plane explodes instead; Alice placed the bomb there, thinking it might be set off. Unbeknownst to them, a figure parachutes away from the explosion, while Luther emerges from the sewers, battered but alive. Alice resolves to turn Arcadia into a real safe haven and broadcasts a new message for any other survivors. Claire, Chris, K-Mart, and Alice soon see an approaching Umbrella assault helicopter squadron. During the post-credits scene in one of the helicopters, Jill Valentine , who went missing after Resident Evil: Apocalypse, is dictating the attack wearing the same mind control device used on Claire,End credits. which slightly glows at the end of the scene, thus setting up the events of Resident Evil: Retribution."] ['The plot concerns a mercenary named Michael Gold  who is sent to convince Dr. Braun , a Laser specialist, to defect to the United States before the KGB acquire him and use both his talent and a stolen diamond to create a nuclear weapon. Dr. Braun is captured by the KGB and Gold is sent on a mission to rescue both him and the diamond. He has to enlist the help of Dr. Braun\'s daughter Alissa , whom he eventually falls for. The pair confront Col. Kalishnakov , whom they subdue by hitting him with a truck in the climax of this story. Despite the name of the movie, there are not that many scenes in the movie depicting lasers. At least two scenes feature lasers, as Michael Gold sets off a laser guided motion detector. The film was also featured on the third episode of the second season of This Movie Sucks! with Ed the Sock, Liana K and Ron Sparks making fun of it, most notably making reference to Borgnine\'s advanced age and the ridiculousness of the plot. Laser Mission is registered as copyright to Turner Home Entertainment in the United States Copyright Office database.Search on "Laser Mission"  or Document number V2636P080 in the United States Copyright Office database. Last accessed December 29, 2011.'] ['Truck Turner  is a former professional football player who becomes a bounty hunter  in search of a bail-jumping pimp in Los Angeles, California. After a shootout where Truck has to use deadly force to kill the pimp, Turner becomes a marked man and is targeted by hired assassins.'] ["The peaceful Morris family moves to a small town and buy the town grocery store, only to run into the Cullens, a family that's been bullying the townspeople for years, and they begin to torment the Morrises every chance they get. Matt Morris  begins seeing a girl named Becky , whose last name is unfortunately Cullen. In this Romeo and Juliet-esque relationship, Matt and Becky have to keep their relationship a secret, but when the feuding families find out, harassment is elevated to vicious assault."] ["In post-Soviet Russia, military units loyal to Radchenko, an ultranationalist, have taken control of a nuclear missile installation and are threatening nuclear war if either the American or the Russian government attempts to confront him. A U.S. Navy nuclear submarine, the USS Alabama, is assigned a patrol mission, to be available to launch its missiles in a preemptive strike if Radchenko attempts to fuel his missiles. Captain Frank Ramsey  is the commanding officer of the sub, and one of the few commanders left in the Navy with any combat experience. He chooses as his new executive officer  Lieutenant Commander Ron Hunter , who has an extensive education in military history and tactics, but no combat experience. During their initial days at sea, tensions between Ramsey and Hunter become apparent due to a clash of personalities: Hunter's more analytical, cautious approach, as opposed to Ramsey's more impulsive and intuitive approach. The Alabama eventually receives an Emergency Action Message, ordering the launch of ten of its missiles against the Russian nuclear installation, based on satellite information that the Russians' missiles are being fueled. Before the Alabama can launch, a second message arrives but is cut off by the attack of a Russian submarine loyal to Radchenko. The radio is damaged in the attack and is unable to decode the second message. With the last confirmed order being to launch, Captain Ramsey decides to proceed. Hunter refuses to concur as is procedurally required, because he believes the partial second message may be a retraction. Hunter argues that the Alabama is not the only American submarine in the area, and if the order is not retracted, other submarines will launch their missiles. Ramsey argues that the other American submarines may have been destroyed. When Hunter refuses to consent, Ramsey tries to relieve him of duty and replace him with a different officer. Instead, Hunter orders the arrest of Ramsey for attempting to circumvent protocol. The crew's loyalty is divided between Hunter and Ramsey. A mutiny ensues and command of the Alabama changes hands, with Ramsey retaking the bridge and Hunter then getting support from the weapons officer in the missile control room, further delaying the launch. Other crew members try to repair the radio while the battle for command continues. Eventually, Ramsey gains control of the entire ship, but with the radio team reporting they are near success, agrees to a compromise; they will wait until the deadline to see if the radio can be repaired. After several tense minutes, communications are restored and they finally see the full message from the second transmission. It is a retraction ordering that the missile launch be aborted, because Radchenko's rebellion has been quelled. After returning to base, Ramsey and Hunter are put before a naval tribunal to answer for their actions. The tribunal concludes that both men were simultaneously right and wrong, so Hunter's mutiny was lawfully justified. Unofficially, the tribunal chastises both men for failing to resolve the issues between them. Thanks to Ramsey's personal recommendation, the tribunal agrees to grant Hunter his own command while Ramsey opts for early retirement. Both men then reconcile their differences and part ways."] ['International terrorist Charles Rane , known as the "The Rane of Terror", is caught by the FBI and local authorities just before he receives plastic surgery to alter his features. The FBI make plans to return Rane to Los Angeles aboard a passenger aircraft for him to stand trial. John Cutter  is a former police officer, haunted by the death of his wife in a convinence store robbery, and has taken to training self-defense to flight attendants, including Marti Slayton . After one class, Cutter is approached by an old friend, Sly Delvecchio , who offers Cutter to be the vice-president of a new anti-terrorism unit for his company, Atlantic International Airlines. Cutter is reluctant, but Delvecchio and the company\'s president Stuart Ramsey  convince him to accept the offer. Cutter boards as the 57th passenger on a Atlantic International flight to Los Angeles, where Marti is one of the flight attendants. Rane and his two FBI escorts are also aboard. After the flight takes off, several men in Bane\'s employ posing as flight attendants and passengers kill the FBI agents, release Rane and secure the plane. Cutter, in the lavatory at the time, manages to use the plane\'s cellular phones to warn Delvecchio to the situation, but Cutter is soon discovered by one of Rane\'s agents. Cutter overpowers the agent and takes his weapon; he then uses the agent as a shield to confront Rane. Rane is indifferent, and shows his ruthlessness by taking a passenger as hostage, and then killing him without mercy. Cutter realizes his outmatched, and with Marti, escape to the plane\'s cargo hold, dispatching another of Rane\'s men there. Cutter dumps the plane\'s fuel, forcing Rane to order the pilots to land at a small Louisiana airfield. Cutter jumps from the plane once it has landed, but Marti is caught by Rane and kept aboard. Rane contacts the field\'s tower and demands that the plane be refueled or that he will start killing the hostages; he does offer that he will release half of the passengers should they comply. Rane also asserts that Cutter is one of his own men turned against him. Cutter is found by the local sheriff Chief Biggs  and taken into custody. Biggs gives the go-ahead for refueling, and as the passengers are freed, Rane and his men escape from the plane, having given orders to those still on board to kill the rest of the hostages if their plans are interfered with. Cutter recognizes the passenger release as a diversion, and escapes from the sheriff, and chases Rane and his men into a local county fair. The FBI arrive and assert Cutter\'s true identity to Biggs. Cutter is able to kill one of Rane\'s men and get into a fight with Rane before police arrive and capture him. Back at the tower, Rane asserts that if he does not contact the plane and given flight clearance, his men aboard have been instructed to kill the rest of the hostages. The FBI arrange to return Rane to the plane, escorted by two agents, with plans to have a sniper take down Rane and allow the FBI to storm the plane to save the hostages. Instead, the sniper is one of Rane\'s men, who kills the escorts, and Rane makes it inside safely. Rane orders the pilots to take off, while Cutter, with Biggs\' help, manages to jump onto the speeding plane before it takes off. Inside, Cutter deals with more of Rane\'s before getting into a fight with Rane. Their fight blows out one of the plane\'s windows, causing the bulkhead door to blow out due to explosive cabin decompression. Cutter manages to get Rane to the door and forces him out; Rane falls to his death. The plane quickly returns to the airfield, where the FBI secure Rane\'s remaining agents and the remaining hostages are freed. Amid congratulations and celebration, Marti and Cutter make their quiet escape into the distance hand in hand.'] ["Eye in the Sky takes place around the darker side of Hong Kong society, where the story begins with a group of organised burglars successfully robbing a jewelry store. The plot begins with the wet-behind-the-ears new recruit Piggy , who is plunged at the deep end in her first surveillance assignment working alongside her mentor, Sergeant Wong . Both of them work for the Hong Kong Police Force's Criminal Intelligence Bureau. After reviewing the jewelry store surveillance videos recordings, the Force attempt to track down one of the robbers by staking out the neighborhood they think he lives in. Fatman  is identified and tracked without his knowledge through a combination of tails, surveillance footage, and data-mining, including accessing his octopus card. The Force ambush is established at the scene of the next robbery, but the elusive Hollow Man  notices the police. As the robbers flee, some are killed by a Police Tactical Unit, but the rest escape. Chan kills an uniformed police officer as he flees, and Piggy stops to give first aid rather than continue the pursuit. The surveillance unit is then called to another case; a kidnapping. Piggy is staking out a phone booth where the kidnapper may make a call, when she sees Hollow Man go by. She recognises the kidnapper from Fatman's apartment building and allows the police to rescue the kidnap victim, while she pursues Hollow Man. After a tense confrontation in a cafe, where Hollow Man confronts her, she escapes suspicion, but Hollow Man notices Sergent Wong and stabs him in the neck with a pair of scissors. Wong convinces Piggy to continue to follow Hollow Man as he slowly bleeds to death. Piggy follows Wong to his hideout and calls for the Police Tactical Unit again. Meanwhile, Wong survives his injury and gets medical attention. In the raid on the hideout, Hollow Man flees down a dock and wounds himself mortally in the neck running past a hanging hook, and the other robbers were captured."] ['This sequel is set in 2025, about 20 years after the original Timecop. At that time, the Time Enforcement Commission , the agency that monitors time travel, is still working strong. However, as a check & balance to TEC, a "Historical Society of Authenticity" is established to ensure that TEC personnel do not alter history. However, the Society\'s leader, Brandon Miller , believes he has the responsibility to change history based on a "moral obligation to right the wrongs of the past" and plans to do so by traveling back to Berlin during the Nazi era and killing Adolf Hitler to make the world better. Ryan Chan  is sent to stop him, but in the fight that ensues, Miller\'s wife  ends up dead when she attempts to shoot Hitler. Miller is arrested and put in prison for trying to change history and Ryan Chan has been arresting Miller\'s close Society members at present day. However, one of the TEC agents, on his own, attempts to visit his younger self and violates the physical law "same matter can\'t occupy the same space". The TEC officer comes back to present day with his younger self merged in his body, and without his existence, a key Brandon Miller Society associate wasn\'t arrested and it allows Miller to be sprung from prison. Miller then sets out to eliminate all TEC operatives by traveling in time and killing their ancestors, making it so that they never even existed. That way he would effectively prevent anyone from stopping him. Eventually, Ryan Chan is the only one left that can stop Miller before he gets to him.'] ['Martijn , a gifted Dutch jazz pianist, flies to Morocco to set up a food assistance program. When he arrives, however, he and his travel guide, Gavin  are quickly kidnapped by terrorists, taken to an undisclosed location, bound and blindfolded. The captors swiftly kill Gavin and then begin methodical attempts to extract information from Martijn about where he obtained the money to set up the program by cutting off his fingers one at a time. Martijn insists that he has no idea where the money came from, though in time it becomes clear that all is not what it seems. As the torture continues, Ahmat  tries his hardest to get answers from Martijn. Eventually, Martijn reveals to Ahmat that he was a terrorist and was poisoning food. Youseff, a man who had been filming Martijn, kills him. Ahmat is revealed to be a CIA agent, Gavin is revealed to be an American who had been with Ahmat the entire time. Ahmat and his girlfriend go for a drink, showing the Statue of Liberty revealing they had been in New York City the entire time.'] ["In an unknown place and unknown time, a master swordsman by the name of Grave  searches for the ultimate battle. After hearing tales of a mysterious coffin kept and guarded at the Tougan Temple he decides to steal it. Legend has it that if taken to a specific spot in the desert, the coffin will grant any man's deepest desire. However, others say that inside the coffin rests the Goddess of Destruction who was banished from Heaven for trying to destroy the world and that releasing her will bring about the Apocalypse. A young monk from the Tougan Temple  is sent to retrieve the coffin and prevent it from being opened. But many other forces are also searching for Grave and his prize  and an all-out free-for-all ensues as they all struggle to discover the secret power of the coffin."] ['The story is about a scientist, Professor Mason, who invented a powerful freezing bomb for a gangster leader nicknamed "the Pig". Mason changes his mind and kills himself in order to not let his secret in the hands of the Pig. The scientist\'s assistant runs away with the plans, but is chased by the gangster\'s henchmen. The local police chief, Capt. Gallagher, gets put on the case an investigator, martial arts expert Detective Ash.'] ['Over Grozny, Russia, a pair of F-16 Falcon fighter jets chase down an unidentified spacecraft moving at supersonic speeds. Within minutes, it is the F-16s that are chased and eventually blasted out of the sky by the spacecraft. Minutes later, residents report a "meteor" flying pasat the city and landing somewhere in the distant hills. Jack Weber, head of the Alpha Force, calls in Lieutenant Sean Lambert, the sole survivor of the first Alpha mission four years ago in Mexico. Lambert\'s entire team was killed while trying to capture a single specimen of extraterrestrial life. Now Weber wants Lambert to take a new team of interceptors into Russia to capture this new alien specimen. Lambert and the Alpha Force fly to Grozny. The new team consists of science officer Dawn DeSilva and Special Ops soldiers Bjorn Hatch, Nathan McAllister and Adriana Sikes. They find the wreckage of the alien spacecrafts outside a Russian nuclear plant. Holes blasted in the razor fencing and thick concrete walls suggest the alien is inside. The Alpha Force enters the nuclear plant and seal off the exits, creating a trap for the alien. But then, one by one, the team is killed off by a creature that possesses a laser weapon, can change its appearance, and can also regenerate itself completely from a single piece of alien tissue. Additionally, the alien has found a way to explode all the uranium fuel rods in the nuclear plant to create a lethal radiation cloud over Europe that will quickly spread and cover the rest of the world. Lambert and the remaining Alpha Force have 60 minutes to save themselves, and the Earth, from nuclear doom.'] ['Gator McKlusky  has been just released from prison following the events of White Lightning and is living in the Okefenokee Swamp with his father and daughter. Federal agents know that he is still making moonshine with his father  and Suzie  and use this information to coerce him into assisting them to catch a corrupt politician.'] ['By the year 2038 all natural resources on Earth have been depleted. Multinational corporations have taken control of the universe and rival companies fight deadly battles over mining planets in outer space. One of these battlefields is the Moon 44 fuel mining operation in the Outer Zone, which is the only installation still controlled by the Galactic Mining corporation. The other moons 51, 47 and 46 have recently been conquered by the Pyrite defense company\'s battle robots. Galactic Mining had its own defence system—battle helicopters operating in the stormy atmospheres of the moons—but it was cancelled as too many of its pilots died during training as they had to navigate in extreme weather conditions on Moon 44. Now the company will send new young navigators to Moon 44 to assist the pilots. However, there is still a shortage of pilots as nobody wants to move to the Outer Zone, so the company is forced to use prisoners as a last resort. Galactic Mining regards its fleet of one hundred mining shuttles as even more important, and the shuttles will leave Moon 44 at the first sign of attack while leaving the Moon 44 crew behind. In addition, Galactic Mining hires Felix Stone , an undercover agent, to investigate the fate of two shuttles that recently disappeared under mysterious circumstances. Stone travels to Moon 44 with the prisoners, and meets chief navigator Tyler  who suspects they were stolen by somebody who modified their flight computers. It turns out that the mining operation defence responsible Major Lee  assisted by Master Sergeant Sykes  are the prime suspects. Stone survives an assassination attempt during flight training. Sykes is later caught in the act by Stone as he is reprogramming the destination of a mining shuttle shortly before departure. He desperately attacks Stone with an axe but is quickly gunned down by Lee to cover the evidence . Having accomplished his mission, Stone prepares to return to Earth but the mining operation is finally attacked by a Pyrite "Medusa"-class battle cruiser. Major Lee secretly sabotages the alarm systems and then prepares to redirect all the mining shuttles back to Earth, as instructed by Galactic Mining. Stone manages to singlehandedly shoot down the entire first wave of enemy attack drones, while prisoner O\'Neal ([[Brian Thompson  stays behind to destroy the remaining ones as Lee\'s betrayal is discovered by Morgan, the flight training leader. Lee also tries to sabotage the sole remaining mining shuttle, but he is trapped in an elevator by Morgan and Stone and blown up by his own bomb. The others return safely to Earth, where Stone informs the Galactic Mining Chairman  that Lee was bribed by Pyrite to redirect the mining shuttles to a planet in the Outer Zone.'] ['A raid, led by Ethan Carter is carried out by ATF agents against a militia group, the Brotherhood of Liberty. Their leader, William Fain, is captured and his family is mistakenly killed in the raid. Seven years later, other persons from the same militia group break into a chemicals corporation called Cyberdyne Systems and steal anthrax. Their plan is to use this anthrax to engineer a full-blown attack against the US government. Ethan must now use the imprisoned William to infiltrate the Brotherhood of Liberty and stop the attack against the government.'] ["{{plot}} The film opens with Middle Eastern terrorists breaking into a secure area, to obtain a certain solution. The terrorists have a man on the inside, who betrays his fellow officers and aids the terrorists. The base is destroyed as the terrorists leave the area. Lenny Slater  is in all sorts of trouble with his college football team, when he and the quarterback, Bruce McGuinness  have words during practice. Meanwhile, the terrorists have dispatched their vehicle on a highway and obtained a new means of transport. After practice is broken up, Slater chases after Jenny  who was doing sprint training next to the football field. Slater engages her in a flirty conversation, trying his best to convince her to let him take her to the homecoming dance. Jenny says yes to Slater's offer of a date if they survive the terrorists. The bus is en route to the same water and power plant, as a field excursion. When confronted by the Professor, the surprised guard, who is a terrorist is forced to give them entry into the plant so no suspicions arise. Whilst passing through the gate, Slater spots a shotgun in the guard's office, and what he believes was a dead body behind some trash cans. When he confronts the professor with his claims, the FBI office in Santa Monica confirms that terrorists have invaded a nuclear plant and UCLA classes finished for the day at 3:30 p.m. As the other students file off the bus, Slater is left by himself. He notes a couple of men who sport machine guns, and watches them, as they perform some type of liquid extraction in their van. Inside the plant, Jenny and Slater stick together; Jenny accepts his offer, the pair then notices they get the go ahead for the school trip. The rest of the students and the professor are ordered to the hostage area. One of the terrorists, the American traitor, calls a military officer with their demands, it turns out the traitor was once a soldier under the man he is training, who left him behind in battle in the Persian Gulf in 1991. The terrorists demand that a prisoner is released or they will contaminate the city's water supply with the 'VX solution'. Slater enters the plant and finds both Jenny and McGuinness, Slater attempts to explain that the plant is being held by terrorists, McGuinness however does believe that the local news bulletins got hold of the story at 5:00 p.m., just before work finished for the day in Southern California. Slater and Jenny get away but McGuinness is taken hostage. Slater and Jenny are forced to evade numerous attacks on them, as they run and hide in various locations around the plant, meanwhile the military start to gather around the perimeter. The pair shouts out to the military but instead get shot at by a terrorist, which starts a shooting frenzy between the military and the terrorists. After a short period of time, the prisoner arrives, so the demands will be met. However, in the exchange of the prisoner, the American terrorist and his old military commander exchange words which sees the military agent being shot, which results in panic and more gunfire where the valuable prisoner is killed by a female FBI agent named Nicole Stevens. In the plant, the hunt continues for the two missing teenagers, Slater and Jenny, who take it upon themselves to try to foil the attack on the water supply. Jenny creates a distraction, as Slater is able to grab the terrorists, as Jenny uses her athletic speed to get to the small bomb in time and throw it off the water supply entry. Slater then grabs the VX solution, which he saw being extracted earlier when he was left on the bus. Slater and Jenny rejoin the hostages as McGuinness also helps, as they overthrow the few remaining terrorists. The party survives, despite McGuinness getting injured from a shot in the shoulder. The military arrive, arrest the terrorists and save Santa Monica."] ['While working an undercover prostitute sting operation to arrest a pimp named Neptune, Miami-Dade Police detectives James "Sonny" Crockett and Ricardo "Rico" Tubbs receive a frantic phone call from their former informant Alonzo Stevens ([[John Hawkes . Stevens reveals that he is planning to leave town, and, believing his wife Leonetta to be in immediate danger, asks Rico to check on her. Crockett learns that Stevens was working as an informant for the FBI but has been compromised. Crockett and Tubbs quickly contact the FBI Special Agent in Charge John Fujima  and warn him about Stevens\' safety. Tracking down Stevens through a vehicle transponder and aerial surveillance, Crockett and Tubbs stop him along I-95. Stevens reveals that a Colombian cartel knew that Russian undercovers were working with the FBI from the start and had threatened that Leonetta would be murdered via a C-4 necklace bomb if he did not confess. Rico tells Alonzo that he does not have to go home. Having learned her fate, Stevens, in a state of grief, commits suicide by walking in front of an oncoming semi truck. En route to the murder scene, Sonny and Rico receive a call from Lt. Castillo  and are instructed to stay away. He tells them to meet him downtown, where they are introduced to John Fujima, head of the Florida Joint Inter-Agency Task Force between U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and the FBI. An angry Crockett and Tubbs berate Fujima for the errors committed and inquire as to why the MPD were not involved. Fujima reveals that the Colombian group is highly sophisticated and run by Jose Yero , initially thought to be the cartel\'s leader. Fujima enlists Crockett and Tubbs, making them Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force deputies, to help, and they continue the investigation by looking into "go-fast boats" coming from the Caribbean, delivering loads of narcotics from the Colombians. They then use their Miami informant contacts to set up a meet and greet with the cartel. Posing as drug smugglers "Sonny Burnett" and "Rico Cooper", the two offer their services to Yero. They find out Yero is the cartel\'s security and intel man. After a high tension meeting they pass screening and are introduced to Archangel de Jesus Montoya , kingpin of drug trafficking in South Florida. In the course of their investigation, Crockett and Tubbs learn that the cartel is using the Aryan Brotherhood gang to distribute drugs, and is supplying them with state-of-the-art weaponry. Crockett is also drawn to Montoya\'s financial advisor and lover Isabella , and the two begin a secret romance on the side. Tubbs begins to worry that Crockett may be getting too deeply involved in his undercover role and fears for the safety of the team. Those fears are soon realized as Trudy , the unit\'s intelligence agent, is kidnapped by the Aryan Brotherhood gang, and her life is threatened with a bomb the same way Leonetta\'s was unless the loads Crockett and Tubbs were delivering are directly handed over to the AB. With the help of Lt. Castillo the unit triangulates Trudy\'s location to a mobile home in a trailer park and performs a rescue, but she is critically injured in the aftermath when Tubbs fails to clear her in time from the mobile home and the bomb explodes. Soon afterwards, Crockett and Tubbs face off against Montoya\'s number two man Jose Yero, his men, and the Aryan gang at the port of Miami. After the face-off, Crockett begins to call in backup. When Isabella sees his police shield and sees him using the radio, she comes to the realization that he is undercover. Betrayed, she demands that Crockett tell her who he really is. After the gunfight, Crockett takes her to a police safehouse and tells her she will have to leave the country and return to her home in Cuba. As Crockett and Isabella stare at each other while Isabella is on a boat slowly drifting off, Crockett takes one last glance, walks away, and drives off. Meanwhile, Tubbs is in the hospital holding Trudy\'s hand as she grasps his, signifying that she is recovering from her coma. Isabella is shown again on the boat crying, while Crockett is headed into the entrance of the hospital to visit Trudy.'] ["Crime is at its highest peak in Mumbai with it split in three ways. Walia  has one-third, Manik Rao ([[Manoj Joshi  has one-third and Roshni  has a third of the territory. The crime rate rises with more smuggling, trading and illegal activities soaring. Meanwhile, the CBI work constantly to stop this. Inspector Vikram Singh  is a disgrace to the police force and tends to handle the easy jobs. Appa Kadam  is an encounter specialist who goes after the henchmen instead of the bosses; he is married to Janki  and they have a son. Constable Khaled Ansari  is a happy-go-lucky cop. The three men's and the whole CBI's fate changes with the arrival of their new boss. DCP Om Pattnayak  arrives and realises that the CBI are not serious and that no one is following the rules and regulations. Ravi has a girlfriend, Kiran , whom he promises to marry. He is hesitant about his promotion but learns to accept it. He witnesses the way the others treat the henchmen and orders them to be released. But during an encounter the henchmen kill Khaled, making Vikram seek revenge. He decides to join Ravi and help him clear the city starting with Yusuf Pathan . Appa joins them and they soon plan to take on Walia and his gang. During the climax Appa dies in a trap set by a corrupt officer . Vikram and Ravi manage to capture Walia, Manik and Roshni for their crimes, and Mumbai is crime-free."] ['Sean Vetter  and Demetrius Hicks , who are former criminals, are members of the U.S. DEA working on the California/Mexico border. After arresting a drug baron named Memo Lucero , the mysterious "Diablo" steps in and organizes the assassination of Vetter, but his wife, Stacy , is the one who is killed instead. Looking for revenge, Vetter acts outside the law to punish his wife\'s murderers. To accomplish that, he asks Memo, who is now in prison, for help finding Diablo. With Hicks\' help, he hunts every member of the cartel from the bottom to the top of the organization\'s hierarchy and finds that Memo is linked to the recent activities.'] [' Impossible Missions Force  agent Trevor Hanaway  is killed by assassin Sabine Moreau  while in Budapest, Hungary to intercept a courier working for a nuclear extremist code-named "Cobalt". Hanaway\'s team leader, Jane Carter , and newly promoted field agent, Benji Dunn , extract Ethan Hunt  and Hunt\'s source, Bogdan , from a prison. Hunt is recruited to lead Carter and Dunn to infiltrate secret Kremlin archives and locate files identifying Cobalt. During the mission, someone broadcasts across the IMF frequency, alerting the Russians to the presence of Hunt\'s team. Although Dunn and Carter escape, a bomb destroys the Kremlin, and Russian agent Sidorov  arrests Hunt, suspecting him as part of the attack. The Russians have called the attack an undeclared act of war, and the President of the United States activates "Ghost Protocol", a black operation contingency that disavows the IMF. Hunt and his team are to take the blame for the attack, but will be allowed to escape from government custody in order to track down Cobalt. Before Hunt can escape, the IMF\'s secretary  is killed by Russian security forces led by Sidorov, leaving Hunt and intelligence analyst William Brandt  to find their own way out. The team identifies Cobalt as Kurt Hendricks , a Swedish-born Russian nuclear strategist who plans to start a nuclear war. Hendricks bombed the Kremlin in order to acquire and use a Russian nuclear launch-control device; however, he now needs the activation codes from the Budapest courier in order to launch a nuclear missile at the U.S. The exchange between Moreau and Hendricks\'s right-hand man, Wistrom , is due to take place at the Burj Khalifa in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. There, Hunt\'s team members separately convince Moreau and Wistrom that they have made the exchange with one another. However, Moreau identifies Brandt as an agent. While Hunt chases Wistrom, only to realize that Wistrom is actually Hendricks in disguise, escaping with the codes, Carter detains Moreau. Moreau attempts to kill the inexperienced Dunn, and Carter kicks her out of a window to her death. Brandt accuses Carter of compromising the mission for revenge against Moreau, but Hunt accuses Brandt of keeping secrets from them, as he has displayed fighting skills atypical for an analyst. While Hunt seeks more information from Bogdan, Brandt admits he was a field agent assigned as security detail to Hunt and his wife, Julia Meade , in Croatia. While Brandt was on patrol, Julia was killed by a Serbian hit squad, prompting Hunt to pursue and kill them before he was caught by the Russians and sent to prison. Brandt blames himself for Julia\'s death and can\'t bring himself to admit his true identity to Hunt. Bogdan and his arms-dealer cousin inform Hunt that Hendricks will be in Mumbai, India. Hendricks facilitated the sale of a defunct Soviet military satellite to Indian telecommunications entrepreneur Brij Nath . The satellite could be used to transmit the order to fire a missile. While Brandt and Dunn infiltrate the server room to deactivate the satellite, Carter gets Nath to reveal the satellite override code. But Hendricks has anticipated Hunt\'s plan and turns off Nath\'s servers before sending a signal from a television broadcasting tower through the satellite itself to a Russian nuclear submarine to fire at San Francisco. Hunt pursues Hendricks and the launch device while the other team-members attempt to bring the broadcast station back online. Hunt and Hendricks fight over the launch-control device before Hendricks jumps to his death with it to ensure the launch. Dunn kills Wistrom, allowing Brandt to restore power to the station and enabling Hunt to deactivate the missile, while the fatally wounded Hendricks witnesses the failure of his plan. Hunt is then confronted by Sidorov, who sees Hunt has stopped the missile, proving the IMF is innocent in the Kremlin bombing. The team reconvenes weeks later in Seattle. Hunt introduces the team to longtime colleague Luther Stickell and then issues new assignments. Dunn and Carter accept, but Brandt refuses. Hunt reveals that Julia\'s death was staged, as he knew he could not protect her, and used her death as a pretext to infiltrate the prison and get close to Bogdan, an IMF source on Hendricks. Relieved of guilt, Brandt accepts his mission while Hunt watches Julia from afar. They share a smile before he embarks on his next mission.'] ["Alain Lefevre  is a French boxer in 1920's Marseille, France. Alain is forced by local crime boss Lucien Galgani ([[Jim Carter  to take a dive in a fight. Galgani's girlfriend Katrina  is also Alain's ex-fiancée whom he left standing at the altar. But Katrina forgives Alain, and the two hatch a plan to run off to America together. Alain does not take a dive in the fight, but just as the escape plan is about to succeed, Alain's friend gets killed, and Katrina is captured by Galgani's men. But Alain has shot and killed Galgani's brother. Desperately needing a new escape plan, Alain signs up for the French Foreign Legion, and is shipped to North Africa to help defend Morocco against a native Berber rebellion of Rif warriors, led by Abd el-Krim. Along the way, Alain meets some new friends, including Luther, an African American who has fled injustice in the States, Mackintosh, a former British Army Major with a gambling problem, and Guido, a naive Italian boy who wishes to impress his girl back home by returning as a hero. But things will not be easy. The only real way to escape from the Legion is to survive the term of service, and the rebels have them outnumbered. Galgani has sent his hired thugs into the Legion as well, to find Alain and get revenge for the death of Galgani's brother. In the end, only Alain stands up alive after the battle and Abd el-Krim seeing Alain's courage and determination allows him to live and tells him to inform his superiors what's waiting for them if they continue the colonization. Finally the movie ends with Alain's memory of Katrina and his former friends."] ["Taxi 2 tells the story of a Japanese minister of defence visiting Marseille to view the city police's anti-gang tactics. During the visit, however, he is kidnapped by a group working for the Japanese yakuza. Young officer Emilien  is determined to rescue the minister and officer Petra  , who was also kidnapped, and restore the honour of his department. Once again, speed demon taxi-driver Daniel  is called upon to save the day with his high-speed driving skills."] ['Julie , Peter  and Lincoln  are three minor delinquents who choose to become undercover cops in place of serving their jail terms. When their superior Capt. Adam Greer  is murdered, the trio set out to find the real culprits.'] ['In the opening scene, hotshot mountain climber and rescue ranger Gabe Walker  and fellow ranger Jessie Deighan  are dispatched to pick up their friend Hal Tucker  on a narrow peak in the Rocky Mountains called "The Tower", when his bad knee gives out. While moving from one mountaintop to a helicopter via a steel cable, Hal\'s girlfriend Sarah\'s  harness breaks and she is left dangling over a deep chasm. While the others try frantically to come up with a solution, Gabe straps himself in and goes out to save Sarah, but is unsuccessful; her gloved hand slips through Gabe\'s and she falls 4,000 feet to her death in the chasm. Eight months later, Gabe returns to town for the first time since Sarah\'s funeral. Overcome with guilt over having lost Sarah, Gabe has returned only to pack his remaining possessions to leave permanently and convince Jessie to come with him. However, a radio distress call comes in to the local rescue center where Hal and Jessie still work. Hal heads off to find the stranded climbers while Jessie pleads with Gabe to join Hal\'s rescue attempt. Battling his inner demons Gabe meets Hal on the mountain, where Hal, still angry with Gabe for being unsuccessful at saving Sarah, lashes out and almost throws Gabe off a ledge. The distress call turns out to be a fake; the two climbers are taken prisoner by a group of ruthless thieves led by former Military Intelligence member Eric Qualen , who seeks to recover three suitcases containing $100 million in uncirculated $1,000 bills belonging to the United States Department of the Treasury. With the aid of turncoat Treasury agent Richard Travers , Qualen and his mercenaries attempt to steal the suitcases via a daring air-to-air transfer, but the transfer is foiled and the three suitcases are lost among the mountains and two die during the heist. The thieves\' plane loses power during the attempt and crashes. The suitcases holding the money have beacon locators, but the thieves need expert help locating them in the mountainous terrain, thus prompting them to summon the unwitting Gabe and Hal to their aid. The group locates the first of the three cases, and Gabe is tethered to a rope and ordered to scale a steep wall to retrieve it. Gabe frees himself from the rope, and the group begins firing up the mountain, causing an avalanche which kills Heldon , one of Qualen\'s thugs. Seeing the money flutter down from the top of the mountain, Qualen presumes Gabe dead and orders the group to proceed to the second case. Gabe survives the avalanche and makes his way to an abandoned cabin where he finds Jessie, who was airlifted into the area earlier. Together, they reach the second case only moments before Qualen and his mercenaries arrive. They find the case empty  and split up to find Gabe. Qualen\'s mercenary Ryan  chases after Gabe and Jessie. Gabe and Ryan slide down a hill, fighting and the thug is killed when he flies down into an abyss, as Gabe hangs onto a cliff at the last second. Two of Hal\'s friends, casually hanging out on the mountain, run into Hal and the thieves. Hal tells them to run, and as they do, one is shot dead by Qualen\'s mercenary Kynette . The other parachutes off a cliff, where his parachute is caught on a tree branch, leaving him dangling off the ground. When Gabe makes an attempt to climb out of a crevice, he is spotted by Kynette. A fight ensues between Gabe and Kynette in the cave, resulting in the latter being impaled on a stalactite, after beating the former up. Gabe tries to pick up the thief\'s radio to call the rescue helicopter, but Hal alerts Gabe that Qualen is planting explosives directly above him and plans to kill him. Gabe and Jessie barely escape. The thieves, with Hal still as their guide, make their way to the abandoned cabin for the night. Meanwhile, Gabe and Jessie hole up in a cave and stay warm by burning the money they found to stoke their fire. The helicopter pilot, Frank , having not received any response from Jessie, Gabe, or Hal, flies over to the mountain, where he finds Hal\'s friend stuck in the tree, cuts him down, transports him to safety, and alerts the authorities as well. The following morning, Gabe and Jessie attempt to beat the thieves to the remaining case. Kristel  flags down the helicopter. Against Qualen\'s orders, Delmar  shoots Frank. Hal crawls over and Frank, just before dying, gives him a knife. Hal sticks it in his boot, and the thieves walk over to the helicopter. Travers, at this point, pulls a gun on Qualen, telling everyone that he is now in charge of the operation. Qualen, held at gunpoint, states that without someone to pilot the helicopter, nobody will even be able to get off the mountain, and shoots dead Kristel, the only other mercenary with piloting experience. Once again with leverage over Travers, Qualen asks Travers, Hal, and Delmar track the case. Once within a reasonably close distance to the case, Travers leaves Delmar to kill Hal, only to find that Gabe has beaten him to the case once again. Delmar beats Hal and nearly kicks him off a cliff, but Hal stabs Delmar in the leg and shoots the thug with his own shotgun, sending him in vacuum. Meanwhile, Jessie, who signaled the rescue helicopter thinking it to be Frank, is taken hostage by Qualen. Travers discovers that Gabe has found the last case before him, and furiously chases him causing Gabe to fall into the frozen river. Under the ice, Gabe outsmarts Travers and shoots the crooked Treasury agent with his bolt gun. His dead body is carried away by the river. Communicating by radio, Qualen and Gabe make a deal to exchange Jessie for the money Gabe collected from the third case. Qualen releases Jessie, but Gabe throws the bag of money into the helicopter\'s rotors. In the following confusion, Qualen\'s helicopter falls precariously against the side of the mountain, suspended by a steel cable. Gabe and Qualen fight atop the dangling wreck. Gabe manages to jump off as the wreckage falls several thousand feet and explodes, killing Qualen. Tucker quotes "If you\'re looking for Mr. Qualen, try about 4,000 feet south of here. He\'ll be the one wearing a helicopter." The film ends as Gabe, Hal, and Jessie are found by federal agents and rescued.'] ["A Boeing 747 lands in the middle of a desert. A young Russian woman is tortured by getting dunked in the aquarium of her apartment until she drowns dreadfully. Skydiving instructor Richard 'Ditch' Brodie  takes on a new client, Chris Morrow , who on her first jump does not open her parachute and apparently dies. Brodie discovers that Morrow faked her death and that she is really a Russian spy trying to recover a shipment of gold. Brodie uses all of his skydiving skills to outwit the villains and to stay alive."] ["In a warehouse on the outskirts of Paris, France, Deirdre , a young Irish woman who is a member of the IRA, meets with Spence , Larry , Gregor , Vincent , and Sam , all of whom are veterans of special operations units. Deirdre briefs the men on their mission, attacking a heavily armed convoy and stealing a briefcase, the contents of which are never identified. Following the briefing, the team begins assembling their equipment, and Deirdre meets with her handler, Seamus O'Rourke , who reveals that Russian gangsters are bidding for the case so the team must act quickly to intercept it. Later, Spence is exposed as a fraud and summarily dismissed. The others depart for Nice, France where they observe the convoy for several days and form a plan. They ambush the convoy and pursue the survivors through the surrounding countryside. After a lengthy car chase and gun battle, Gregor betrays the team, steals the case, and disappears. Gregor first tries to sell the case to the Russians, but his contact betrays him, and Gregor shoots him. He next contacts Mikhi , the leader of the gangsters, and threatens to sell the case to the IRA unless Mikhi pays a grossly inflated price; Mikhi agrees. Meanwhile, the rest of the team track Gregor through one of Sam's old CIA contacts and corner him in the Arles Amphitheatre. Following a hectic firefight, Gregor flees, but is captured by Seamus, who kills Larry and escapes with Deirdre. Sam is wounded in the fight, and is taken to a villa owned by Vincent's friend Jean-Pierre . After removing the bullet and allowing Sam time to recuperate, Vincent asks Jean-Pierre to help him locate Gregor, Deirdre, and Seamus. Meanwhile, Gregor admits to Seamus he mailed the case to himself. Days later, as Gregor and Seamus retrieve the case, Sam confronts Deirdre, who realizes that Sam has feelings for her and will not shoot her. Following a high-speed chase through Paris, Vincent shoots out Dierdre's tires and sends her car over a highway overpass. Gregor emerges from the car with the briefcase and escapes, while Deirdre and Seamus are rescued from the burning car. Vincent and Sam discover that the case is a type used by figure skaters. Intelligence from Jean-Pierre's contacts also suggest the Russians are involved with figure skater Natacha Kirilova , who is appearing at the local arena. At the arena, Mikhi, in the audience watching Natacha, receives a call and goes backstage. At the meet, Gregor reveals there is a sniper in the arena who will shoot Natacha if Mikhi betrays him. Mikhi shoots Gregor anyway, the sniper shoots Natacha, and Mikhi leaves with the case and the money. Vincent and Sam follow the panicked crowd out of the arena in time to see Seamus shoot Mikhi and steal the case. Sam runs ahead of Seamus and finds Deirdre sitting in the getaway car. He urges her to leave, revealing himself as a CIA agent pursuing Seamus, not the briefcase. Seamus shoots his way past the crowd, wounding Vincent, back to the arena, with Sam in pursuit. In the final gunfight, Seamus is about to kill Sam, but is fatally shot by Vincent. Days later, in a Parisian cafe, Sam and Vincent talk over radio broadcasts revealing a peace agreement reached between Sinn Féin and the British government, partly as a result of Seamus's death. They part, and Sam drives off with his CIA contact. Vincent pays the bill and leaves."] ["Students at a local college have become unusually antagonistic, and when a teacher is attacked by a gang of steroid-pumped students, Karl Thomasson -- having earned a teacher's degree to facilitate his actions in the previous film -- returns to the classroom to uncover the truth. What he finds is shocking: the college's football coach is involved in a steroid-doping scandal, and his 'juiced' students were responsible for the attack on the teacher. Thomasson recruits his old team, planting surveillance equipment in a jukebox inside a local sports-bar that hosts a number of the coach's football players. It turns out that the coach was doping his players, and rigging football games, to pay off his backers -- a local crime syndicate. When the audio equipment draws the attention of the syndicate's thugs, one of Karl's team is killed in the van, and Karl's calm and collected mask begins to slip. When one of Thomasson's students dies from a steroid overdose, Thomasson finally loses his jovial nature, confronting the coach and telling him that he knows how the student died, that he knows the coach is responsible, and that he has audiotape to prove his allegations. In one last showdown, Karl defeats the syndicate and reveals the doping scandal -- as he leaves, and the credits roll, a radio news report reveals that the football coach committed suicide in disgrace."] ["The film is based loosely around events in December 1995 that culminated in the murders of two top drug barons and their driver in Rettendon, Essex, UK. On 6 December 1995, Patrick Tate, Craig Rolfe and Tony Tucker, three drug dealers well known to the police, were lured to Workhouse Lane, Rettendon on the pretext of a lucrative drug deal. There they were killed by shotgun blasts to the head while sitting in their Range Rover. The bodies were found the following morning. This scene and other details of the 1990s Essex and London criminal milieu are also featured in the film Rise of the Footsoldier . Two men, Jack Whomes and Michael Steele, were convicted of the murders after police informer Darren Nicholls gave evidence against his former friends at their Old Bailey trial. They have always protested their innocence. There are three other movies based on the Rettendon Range Rover murders: 2007's Rise of the Footsoldier, 2010's Bonded by Blood and upcoming 2013 release The Fall of the Essex Boys."] ['The film is set in a near future chaotic Japan. A mad scientist known as "Key Man" has created a virus that mutates humans into monstrous creatures called "Engineers" that sprout bizarre weapons from any injury. The Tokyo Police Force has been privatized to deal with this new threat of engineers, so a special squad of officers called "Engineer Hunters" are created to deal with them. However, unlike the average police force, the Engineer Hunters are a private quasi-military force that utilize violence, sadism, and streetside executions to maintain law and order. Helping the police force is Ruka, a troubled loner who is very skilled in dispatching the Engineers. Along with helping the police, she is looking for the killer of her father, an old-fashioned officer who was murdered in broad daylight by a mysterious assassin. Ruka soon receives a new case to hunt down Key Man, but once she encounters him, he infects her by inserting a key-shaped tumor into her scar-riddled left forearm before disappearing. Meanwhile, after an infected police officer massacres the main precinct, the Tokyo police chief  orders a city-wide crackdown on Engineers — indiscriminately executing anyone suspected of being one. While continuing her investigation, Ruka visits Key Man\'s home, where he reveals the truth about their past. His father was a police sniper who resigned after a sniping operation gone wrong. Desperate to keep his family out of poverty, he was paid to assassinate Ruka\'s father, who was leading a rally against the privatization of the police force. But shortly after gunning down Ruka\'s father before her eyes, he was murdered by the police chief — the real mastermind of the assassination — in front of Key Man. Swearing to avenge his father\'s death, he injected himself with the DNA of several infamous criminals, mutating him into his present form. After realizing that she and Key Man are seeking vengeance on the same man, Ruka slices him in half with her katana before heading back to the precinct. On her way, she witnesses the police force brutalizing civilians accused of being Engineers. When her bar owner friend is drawn and quartered, Ruka\'s left arm mutates into a alien-like head with razor-sharp claws before she beheads the officers behind the execution. During her rampage, she is shot in the right eye, but her body quickly replaces it with a cybernetic eye. She confronts the police chief, who admits to her father\'s assassination, but explains that he raised her to become the perfect Engineer Hunter as atonement. Following a grueling sword fight, Ruka decapitates the police chief — effectively bringing down his reign on the police force. During the end credits, it is revealed that Key Man is still alive, having mended himself back into one piece with the help of one of his test subjects.'] ["LAPD Detective John Kang  dreams of a quiet life with his wife and child, but after a blown surveillance operation, those dreams quickly turn bloody when he is targeted for assassination by a ruthless Cambodian warlord. Plagued by memories of a forgotten childhood and trapped in the middle of a brutal gang war, Kang must fight to save his family as the world's deadliest hitman closes in for the kill."] ["French hitman Lucien Bellon  has been hired by mobsters to kill Victor , a rival mobster. Bellon goes to Victor's home, in Los Angeles, and shoots him point-blank. Bellon's luggage and passport are stolen. Meanwhile, on television, news accounts of the murder allude to the police seeking not a French killer but an American one. Bellon stays in Los Angeles to discover the truth. Apparently, another hit man named Lenny  has been hired to kill Bellon. Along the way, Bellon encounters a beautiful woman named Nancy , who offers to help. As he attempts to save his own life, Bellon hijacks a car and holds a woman  and her son hostage."] ["The grandson of Dr. Jack Griffin, the original invisible man, has emigrated to the United States and now runs a print shop in Manhattan under the assumed name of Frank Raymond . In his shop he is confronted by four armed men who reveal that they know his true identity. One of the men, Conrad Stauffer , is a lieutenant general of the S.S., while a second, Baron Ikito , is Japanese. They are seeking the invisibility formula and threaten amputation if it is not revealed. He just manages to escape with the formula in his hands. Griffin is reluctant to release the formula to the U.S. government officials and only agrees to limited cooperation following the bombing of Pearl Harbor. . After being rendered invisible, he is parachuted behind German lines on a secret mission. After landing Griffin returns to a visible state and makes contact with a carpenter Arnold Schmidt  who reveals his mission. He is to obtain a list of Japanese spies within the U.S. The list was in the possession of Stauffer. Griffin is aided in his task by Maria Sorenson , a British spy and the love interest of Stauffer. Griffin manages to obtain the list despite a confrontation with Stauffer, and returns it to his contact. The plot thickens as Griffin steals into a German prison to obtain information about a planned German attack on New York city. He returns to Schmidt, who in the meanwhile has been arrested. At the shop he is captured by Ikito using a net trap. Griffin and Sorensen are taken to the Japanese embassy, but manage to escape during the mayhem that ensues when Stauffer's men arrive. The couple escape in one of the aircraft slated for the New York attack and then make their way to England and safety."] ['Las Vegas magician and wannabe gangster, Buddy "Aces" Israel  is hiding out in a Lake Tahoe hotel penthouse with his entourage. His agent, Morris Mecklen , discusses a potential immunity deal with FBI Deputy Director Stanley Locke . Agents Richard Messner  and Donald Carruthers  learn that ailing Las Vegas mob boss Primo Sparazza  has issued a bounty on Israel worth one million dollars, and involving a mysterious assassin known only as The Swede, stipulating that he will bring Sparazza Israel\'s heart. A number of assassins also seek the reward, including Lazlo Soot ([[Tommy Flanagan , who specializes in disguises and impersonations; Sharice Watters  and Georgia Sykes , two hitwomen hired by Sparazza\'s underboss; Pasquale Acosta , a calm torture expert and mercenary; and the psychotic punks Tremor brothers, Darwin , Jeeves , and Lester . Locke dispatches Messner and Carruthers to take Israel into custody when the deal is struck. Meanwhile, a team of bail bondsmen, Jack Dupree  and his partners, "Pistol" Pete Deeks  and Hollis Elmore  have been hired by the firm that posted Israel\'s bail to bring him into custody. The bondsmen are attacked by the Tremors, and only Elmore escapes alive. Messner is dispatched to the murder scene while Carruthers proceeds to Israel. At the same time, each of the assassins gain access to the hotel in their own various ways. Carruthers encounters Acosta, disguised as a security officer, in an elevator at the hotel. Carruthers senses something is wrong and both are mortally wounded in a gunfight. Meanwhile, Soot gains access to the penthouse by posing as one of Israel\'s henchmen. Israel\'s second-in-command, Sir Ivy ([[Common , learns that Israel agreed to inform upon Ivy as part of the plea deal and attempts to kill him, but Israel injures Ivy long enough for the hotel security team to restrain Ivy. Georgia finds Carruthers and Acosta in the elevator, but assumes Acosta is Soot. In Los Angeles, Locke abruptly withdraws from the deal with Israel and orders that Messner and Carruthers are not told. The Tremor brothers reach the penthouse floor, where they engage in a shootout with the security team and Ivy, who manages to kill Jeeves and Lester. Israel, learning of the FBI\'s new position, attempts suicide. Messner arrives at the hotel and sets up a position around Georgia\'s elevator. Sharice provides cover from another hotel with a .50-caliber, M82 sniper rifle, outgunning the FBI agents. Acosta, still alive, shoots Georgia, but is shot by Carruthers. Sharice, thinking Georgia is dead, refuses to escape and keeps shooting at the FBI team. Georgia escapes to the penthouse, where she stops Darwin Tremor before he can kill Ivy. Tremor escapes, and Messner, distraught over the death of Carruthers, stops Ivy and Georgia on the stairwell, but lets them escape. Sharice, after seeing the pair alive and free through her rifle scope, is gunned down by the FBI. Locke and a team of FBI agents descend on the penthouse and take Israel to the hospital, while Soot escapes by tearing off his disguise & dressing as a member of hotel security. Acosta, carted away on a gurney, is also shown to be alive. Darwin Tremor tries to escape, but is gunned down by Hollis Elmore. Messner arrives at the hospital and learns the truth about the day\'s events from Locke. It transpires that the mysterious Swede is a prominent heart surgeon and that Soot was hired by Sparazza to get Israel\'s heart so it could be transplanted into the body of Sparazza. Sparazza is further revealed to be Freeman Heller , an FBI agent who went undercover and was thought to have been killed by the mob. The FBI had attempted to kill Heller, after they thought his assignment had blurred the lines between being a mobster or an FBI agent. But Heller survived and ended up taking on the role as Sparazza full-time. The mobster has agreed to expose the mob\'s operations in exchange for Israel\'s heart as he is Sparazza\'s love child and, thus, the most compatible donor. Messner, furious over the unnecessary deaths, especially Carruthers\', protests and is ordered by Locke to leave the hospital and go home to Washington, D.C, as he is no longer on the case. Realizing that the FBI will never admit what they did, he walks into the emergency room, locks the door and pulls the plug on both men. He then lays his gun and badge on the floor while Locke and his men desperately try to break in, apparently resigning as an FBI agent.'] ["Small-time pimp Luca Canali  is hunted by both local mobsters and two killers  sent by the New York mafia after a shipment of heroin fails to arrive. But it becomes apparent he is not as soft as he appears as a deadly cat-and-mouse game is played out on the streets of Milan. The film contains a dramatic chase scene where Canali pursues an assassin both on car and on foot. The two American hitmen have contrasting personalities. Dave  is something of a playboy and loudmouth, while Frank  is quiet and professional. The concept of two hitmen teamed up, one black and one white, appears to have been a likely inspiration for the characters played by John Travolta and Samuel L. Jackson in Pulp Fiction.Italian B-Movies: Tarantino's inspiration"] ['Yung Wang Yu stars as Sha Shan, a crafty con-artist who uses his wiles to trick money out of the unsuspecting public while also avoiding those he enrages. One particular escapade sees him make a fool out of a local gang member who also loses a considerable amount of money in the process. Unfortunately this sets into motion a series of events which sees the shamed victim sending his vicious gang out to exact revenge and the wiley young trickster with no option but to run away. During these events, he also meets a dazed amnesiac  he proves himself to be a formidable fighter shortly afterwards and helps his new friend out in a few close escapes from the antagonists. The mystery man - who is actually Ka Yuen, the missing son of a wealthy Admiral - uses his exceptional fighting prowess for good, defeating the oppressive enemies while also dragging the hapless Sha Shan along on a mission to rob the evil to give to the poor.'] ['The film opens with Jack Stanfield  leaving his house, loving wife Beth  and two children, to his job at Landrock Pacific Bank in downtown Seattle. The day goes smoothly until Jack is visited by a collection agency, claiming that he owes $95,000 in debts to their online gambling site. He trusts a colleague to take care of it  and goes out for dinner with colleague Harry Romano  and potential employer, Bill Cox . After the meal, Harry leaves in a taxi and Jack gets in his car. Unexpectedly, Bill follows him into the back seat. Cox then goes on to tell Jack that his family is being held hostage at their home to ensure Jack\'s cooperation. He then points a gun to Jack\'s head and forces him to drive home. Upon their arrival, Jack sees that, although his family is unharmed, they are under heavy watch by Bill\'s henchmen. Jack is not told what to do until the next morning, when he is told that he must give Bill $10,000 each from the bank\'s 10,000 largest depositors . He is outfitted with audio and video devices in the form of a pen and a body microphone, making any intentions to resist useless. Once at work, Bill makes a surprise visit, reintroducing himself as Bill Redmond. Next, Jack gives him a tour of the facilities and security system. On the way back home, Jack attempts to bribe Willy, a henchman, into betraying the criminal, yet this only results in Bill killing Willy. The Stanfields attempt an escape, but the plan fails just barely. In retaliation, Bill tricks the Stanfields\' son Andy with a cookie containing nut products. Because he\'s allergic, Andy goes into anaphylactic shock. Bill withholds the treatment , until Jack acquiesces to their plan. The next day, Bill forces Jack to fire his secretary Janet Stone  fearing she is growing suspicious. Jack downloads the files for the $100 million onto his daughter Sarah\'s iPod mini hard drive and then initiates a wire transfer to send the money to Bill\'s offshore accounts. Before leaving, Jack uses an employee\'s camera phone to take a picture of the account information on the screen. Bill then sets about wiping his tracks clean, deleting security data and surveillance tapes and using a virus to put the network on the entire building into disarray, setting Jack up to take the fall for the embezzlement. Returning home, Jack finds the house empty except for Liam, one of Bill\'s men. Realizing Liam is still around for no reason other than to kill him, Jack turns to survival instinct; he pushes Liam over a chair, grabs a heavy glass blender, and viciously beats him in the head with three blows, killing him. He then tries to call Harry using Liam\'s unmonitored cell phone but cannot reach his friend. Instead, he sneaks into Harry\'s apartment to wait for his friend\'s return. Both Bill and Harry enter. The criminal suddenly shoots Harry from behind, using the gun he had earlier confiscated from Jack. Because of this, along with a message planted on Harry\'s answering machine by Beth as she is held at gunpoint, it appears that Jack killed Harry in a jealous rage over Beth. Jack runs to the only ally he has left: his "fired" secretary Janet. He asks her for help, and she provides him with transportation to a late-night branch of the bank at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. There, he uses the picture from the phone he took earlier to get access to Bill\'s account and calls him. Jack tells him that there’s been a change of plans: he has hacked into his Cayman Island accounts and is stripping five accounts, $20,000,000 apiece. Bill tries forcing Jack to put the money back, but it is a futile threat. Jack informs the criminal that he will get his money when he gets his family. Next, Jack tells Bill that he will call him when the banks open to make the exchange before hanging up on him. During the conversation, Jack hears the family dog, Rusty in the background, and realizes that the family can be located and followed by the GPS tracking unit in Rusty\'s collar. This leads him and Janet to an abandoned house. He leaves Janet on the road to call the police. Bill shoots one of his henchmen  who had compassion for the hostages and removed the Stanfields\' tape gags after Andy began to suffocate. Another henchman, Pim , chases after Sarah, Jack runs into Pim with Janet\'s car, hurling him into an RV, which then explodes, burning the RV, killing him and destroying Janet\'s car. Bill, seeing that the tide is turning against him, panics and takes Beth and Andy to the upper level of the house. Jack scales the side of the house, destroys a window and comes to rescue his wife and son, tackling Cox to the floor and forcing him to a final showdown. After a long and grueling struggle with Cox, Jack finally gains the upper hand, impaling him through the back with a pickaxe, and winning his family\'s freedom.'] ['After a Boeing 747-100 takes off from New York City to London, a mysterious note turns up at the airport stating that passengers aboard the flight will be killed before the Boeing 747-100 lands at Heathrow. This creates a twist on the classic whodunit suspense format that may be described as "Who\'s going to do it to whom?" &mdash; as all of the quirky passengers seem like potential culprits and/or victims. At first the note is brushed off as a prank, but the plot thickens considerably once passengers do begin turning up murdered.'] ['Five years after the events of The Fast and the Furious, Dominic Toretto  and his new crew, Leticia "Letty" Ortiz , Tego "Teddy" , Omar Santos , Cara Mirtha  and Han Seoul-Oh , are hijacking fuel tankers in the Dominican Republic. Dominic begins to suspect the trail is too hot and leaves Leticia behind in order to protect her from harm. Several weeks later, in Panama City, Dominic gets a call from Mia, who tells him that Leticia has been murdered by Fenix Calderon , after getting into a near fatal car accident. Dominic heads back to Los Angeles to examine Leticia\'s crash and finds traces of nitromethane. He then goes to the only car mechanic that uses nitromethane and coerces him into giving him the name David Park , the man who ordered the fuel. Meanwhile, F.B.I. agent Brian O\'Conner  is trying to track down a drug dealer named Arturo Braga . His search leads him to David Park. Dominic arrives at Park\'s apartment first and hangs him out of the window by his ankles before letting go. Brian, who was also on his way to Park\'s place, saves Park and Park becomes the FBI\'s new informant. Park gets Brian into a street race through Los Angeles. Brian selects a modified Nissan Skyline GT-R R34 from the Impound Lot. Dominic also shows up to race in his modified 1970 Chevrolet Chevelle. Gisele Yashar , the liaison for Braga, reveals that the winner will become the last driver on a team that traffics heroin between the Mexico–United States border. Dominic wins by bumping Brian\'s car, making him lose control. Brian uses his power as an FBI agent to arrest another driver, Dwight Mueller , and takes his place on the team. The following day, the team meets one of the Braga\'s men. They drive across the border using underground tunnels to avoid detection. Brian had prior knowledge that, after the heroin was delivered, Braga ordered the drivers to be killed. However it was revealed to Dominic from Fenix that he killed Leticia and after a tense stand-off, Dominic detonates his car with nitrous to distract Braga\'s men and Brian hijacks a Hummer with $60 million worth of heroin. Both Dominic and Brian drive back to Los Angeles and hide the heroin in a police impound lot where Brian picks up a modified Subaru Impreza WRX STI. Later on, Dominic finds out Brian was the last person to contact Leticia, which results in him being attacked by Dominic until he learns Leticia was working undercover for Brian, tracking down Braga in exchange for clearing Dominic\'s name. Brian tells his superiors that in exchange for Dominic\'s pardon, he will lure Braga into a trap, forcing him to personally show up to exchange money for the heroin. At the drop site, however, Ramon Campos , the man who claims to be "Braga", is revealed as a decoy, and "Campos", the real Braga, escapes and flees to Mexico. Brian and Dominic travel to Mexico on their own to catch Braga. They find him at a church and apprehend him. As Braga\'s henchmen come down to rescue their leader, Brian and Dominic drive through the underground tunnels back to the United States. When some of Braga\'s men are killed, Brian crashes his car and is injured after being T-boned by Fenix at the end of the tunnel. Before Fenix can kill Brian, Dominic, who survived the explosion and exchanged his 1970 Dodge Charger with a 1973 Chevrolet Camaro, drives into and kills Fenix. As police and helicopters start streaming to the crash site on the USA side, Brian tells Dominic to leave, but Dominic refuses, saying he\'s tired of running. Despite Brian\'s request for clemency, the judge sentences Dominic to 25 years to life. Dominic boards a prison bus that will take him to Lompoc penitentiary and as the bus drives down the road, Brian and Mia, along with Leo and Santos , arrive in their cars to intercept it.'] ['John Kruger , code named "Eraser", is a U.S. Marshal who works for the Federal Witness Security Protection Program . John is assigned to protect Lee Cullen , a senior executive for Cyrez Corporation, a company that creates and manufactures weapons for the military. Lee has come across plans by Cyrez to sell a top secret electronic pulse rifle to Russian terrorist Sergei Ivanovich Petrofsky . The sale of such weapons of unparalleled firepower to the wrong hands would tip the balance of power. To procure evidence, Lee copies critical data onto two discs: one for the FBI, the other as evidence in order to publicize Cyrez\'s transgressions. However, William Donahue , the corrupt CEO of Cyrez, catches wind of Lee\'s intentions and orders her into his office. Donahue confiscated her camera and aims the gun at Lee, but commits suicide in order for him to escape punishment, and Lee barely escapes from Cyrez. Disappointed with the FBI because of failure to guarantee her safety, she delivers the evidence but refuses to submit herself to WITSEC, despite John\'s advice. The same night, Lee is targeted for assassination by a group wielding a couple of the aforementioned pulse rifles. John rescues Lee and takes her to New York City to hide her. However, soon afterwards John learns from his mentor, fellow Marshal Robert DeGuerin , that someone, perhaps a mole within the WITSEC, is targeting witnesses in top-level cases, including Lee. They proceed to the location of one of the targeted witnesses, but DeGuerin kills the witness personally, revealing himself as Donahue\'s U.S. Marshal mole and a major player in the scam, which includes even Undersecretary of Defense Daniel Harper , the true mastermind. In order to facilitate his plans, DeGuerin tries to frame John as the mole, but John escapes and rescues Lee in the nick of time. Since the evidence against Cyrez has fallen into the hands of the enemy, John, Lee and Johnny Casteleone , a mob witness whose life John once saved, penetrate the main office to read Lee\'s copy, since the data on the disc is encoded for Cyrez computers only. They are discovered, however; DeGuerin kidnaps Lee and has her brought to the Baltimore docks where a railgun shipment is being loaded onto a terrorist freighter. With the aid of Johnny, his cousin Tony Two-Toes  and two associates, John rescues Lee and prevents the railgun shipment by killing all of the terrorists, including Petrofsky. DeGuerin is critically wounded during the struggle, but is rescued by John and handed over to the authorities. After a hearing for DeGuerin and his fellow conspirators a few weeks later, and with the implication that under civil law jurisdiction a conviction and sentence of the culprits will not be possible, John publicly fakes his and Lee\'s death, but subsequently eliminates DeGuerin and the conspirators, "erasing" them thoroughly in an arranged train accident.'] ['{{Plot}} The film begins with police Inspector Chan Kwok-wing  drinking one whiskey after another. Later, he collapses in an alley, and is found by a stranger, played by Nicholas Tse. The timeline then moves back a year, to show the heroics of Inspector Chan, as he disguises himself as a news cameraman in order to subdue a man holding a woman hostage in Central. Soon after that incident, a group of rebellious youths rob a bank. They explicitly ask a bank worker to call the police, and are confronted by the police outside the Legislative Council building. They play a sadistic game, in which they are awarded money for shooting police officers with assault rifles, before making their escape. Inspector Chan and his squad are called to arrest the gang after their hideout is revealed. However, the hideout is rigged and the ten man police squad fall into various traps one by one. Chan then finds his men in a large warehouse, suspended from the high ceiling by ropes. The gang challenges him to training regimes that are taught to policemen, betting lives of his men each time. Under mental pressure and the taunts of the gang, Chan loses and is left with only his would-be brother-in-law to save, who soon dies nevertheless. He tries to save the bodies of his comrades for burial before explosives blow up the building. Being the sole survivor of the incident, Chan takes a year long leave from the police force, drinking heavily to drown his sorrows and guilt. The timeline jumps back to the present day. The stranger, who first featured at the start, brings him home. When Chan wakes up, the man identifies himself as PC 1667, Frank Cheng , his new partner. Frank tries various means to convince Chan to cancel his leave and take up the case but Chan refuses. However, he comes to his senses eventually by apprehending the same two youths that robbed him. At the police station, Frank tells Chan that he is Kwong\'s younger brother, which convinces Chan to relook into the case. Frank and Chan convinces Sam Wong, a former colleague of Chan, to reveal a clue from the night of the first robbery; a watch which he snatched from one of the robbers. Chan and Frank are tailed by the police as they go in search of the owner of the watch. Sam Wong was also arrested by the police to assist in the investigation. Sam Wong is shot dead by another gang member, Fire, before he manages to identify the robber . Before dying, Wong confesses to Chan that he was blackmailed by the gang into revealing their rigged hideout to Chan\'s team a year ago, due to the bag of money he took from Sue to pay off his debts. Fire and Sue both manage to escape the building, with Chan and Frank pursuing Fire. To distract Chan, Fire shoots at a bus driver, killing him instantly and rendering the bus full of school kids out of control. Chan quickly jumps onto the roof of the bus in an attempt to stop it. After the careening bus has caused a great deal of havoc, Chan finally manages to climb in and hit the brakes, halting it from falling into Victoria Harbour, while Frank rams a truck full of rubber ducks in front of the bus\' path. After the incident, Chan discovers that Frank is not really a policeman, and confronts him. Frank attempts to explain to Chan, but Chan refuses to believe the story. Regardless, they stay together to continue to track the gang leader, Joe. They are informed by Officer Sa Sa that the gang members all come from rich families and the gang leader is actually the son of the police chief. Sue and Fire return to the gang\'s new hideout. Sue is badly wounded, after being shot by Frank earlier. Seeing her injury, Joe shoots and kills her. Joe\'s gang access Chan\'s police file on a computer, with Joe bent on taking revenge. Joe then arranges to meet Chan\'s girlfriend, Ho Yee, in the police station. He wraps a time bomb around her neck before leaving. When Chan learns of the bomb he desperately tries to free her. Ho Yee cuts the wires, with no effect, leading the police to believe that it is a fake. But when the two get ready to leave, a small wire attached to Ho Yee\'s back pulls out the secondary trigger, causing the bomb to explode. Before she can escape, it explodes and some falling pipes land on her, knocking her into a coma. Unfortunately for Chan, he is charged with assisting the impersonation of an officer  and for acting as an officer while under suspension. After Chan and Frank are taunted by Joe\'s gang, Sa Sa and her father, the jailer, release both of them illegally. The two sneak out of the police station, with everyone deliberately ignoring their escape. Police Chief Wong even makes his handgun available to Chan and tells Chan to \'bring it back when you\'re done\'. Chan, Frank, and Sa Sa then go to a computer cafe to find teens playing the game up until they complete the most recent level to find out the gang\'s next target is the Bank of Hong Kong, located in the New Wing of the Convention and Exhibition Centre. A squad of police officers arrive, but this time Chan stops them from rushing in, assigning them the task of calmly escorting the public out of the building. Once the public are moved to safety, the gang members\' parents are sent in, much to their surprise. One of the gang members, Max, is so ashamed of himself that he attempts to run down the escalators to his parents, only to be shot dead by Joe. Afterwards, Chan and Frank run up to engage the three remaining gang members. Frank manages to shoot Fire in the leg with his own gun, disabling him. Chan chases another gang member, Tin Tin, into a Lego exhibition. When the exhibition hall is emptied, Chan reminds him that they had struck a draw the last time they fought. The two engage in hand-to-hand combat, with Chan defeating Tin Tin. Joe then chases Frank into the hall and shoots at him. In the crossfire, Tin Tin is shot in the chest. Joe manages to chase Frank out of the room just moments before the Special Duties Unit of the police arrive. Tin Tin grabs a gun from the floor and points it at Chan\'s back. Chan, oblivious to what\'s happening behind him, calls out to the squad to bring in a medic for the Tin Tin. Contemplating what he has done and how Chan is helping him, Tin Tin decides not to shoot Chan. Chan finds Joe on the roof of the Convention Centre. Having captured and tied up Frank, Joe threatens to throw him to his death. Joe challenges Chan to a race to assemble a semi automatic pistol, a rematch of an earlier challenge, and wagering Frank\'s life in the process. This time, Chan chambers the bullet first thus swiftly wins the game, much to Joe\'s disbelief. A number of policemen arrive on the roof, along with Joe\'s father, the police chief. Joe\'s father reprimands him, while Chan tells Joe that he knows that he doesn\'t hate cops, he merely hates his father for berating him. Due to what Chan and his father have said, Joe finally admits defeat and deliberately unloads the single bullet in his gun and aims the empty gun at Chan for the police to have a cause to kill Joe. Not knowing that Joe\'s gun is empty, a police sniper then fires a round at him, injuring Joe in the process. He weeps and again aims at his father, causing the sniper to fire once more, killing him despite Chan\'s yelling that the gun was empty. Chan rushes to rescue Frank and both of them fall off the building. They eventually land onto a fireman\'s inflated cushion. In the hospital, Ho Yee has recovered and prepares to leave. She is met by several policemen and nurses who persuade her to accept Chan\'s marriage proposal. At first, she tries to hide her facial scars from Chan, but eventually accepts the proposal to the crowd\'s applause. Meanwhile, Frank is led away by Officer Sa Sa. He leaves his jacket on a railing. When Chan looks at the jacket, he suddenly recalls meeting Frank before, and has a flashback to an event from years ago: a homeless man from the mainland arrives without much money, and his son is starving. He tries to steal some food for his son from a 7-Eleven store. While running across the road to escape from the shopkeeper and the police, he is knocked down by a truck and killed. Chan arrives at the scene and uses his jacket to cover the body of the boy\'s father. Chan then buys the boy a loaf of bread. He comforts him, saying that the best thing do is to try to forget the past and look forward to the future. He asks the boy for his name, to which the boy replies, "Frank Cheng".'] ["Phillip Sauvage  is an American soldier suffering from Posttraumatic stress disorder caused by his time in Iraq and Afghanistan. Sauvage snaps out of his stupor just long enough to join Clarence Bowden , his former commanding officer, to work as a bodyguard for former World Heavyweight boxing champion and now successful businessman Wayne Barclay . It appears that the release of notorious rap mogul Terrell Singletery  from prison has caused Barclay's worried sister Tamara  to take pro-active action by hiring Bowden and Sauvage, as Singletery has made threats in the past about doing away with the one man responsible for his incarceration -- Barclay himself. The first night of bodyguard work does not go well for Sauvage and Bowden, as Bowden gets killed during an assassination attempt on Barclay by a Hummer full of Uzi-carrying gangbangers sent by Singletery. It is up to Sauvage to continue the fight, which means bringing in a reinforcement in his friend Casey Bledsoe , and training some new recruits not of his choosing. Intending to give back to the streets that taught him toughness, Barclay insists that Sauvage compose his team of bodyguards by hiring people from Barclay's gym. But will they be enough to take down Singletery? Barclay however gets suspicious of Sauvage, who is on first name basis with Tamara, after he sights her kissing him on the cheek one night."] ['While Grace Wong is driving her vehicle, her car is knocked down by another vehicle and she is abducted from the scene. The kidnappers, led by Fok Tak-Nang, return to Grace\'s house, where they kill her maid, and start searching the place. Grace is then taken to an abandoned house, where she manages to repair a destroyed telephone. With the phone, she manages to contact Bob, a single father and debt collector. Bob has promised his son, Kit-Kit, and his sister, Jeannie, that he will meet them at an airport, before Kit-Kit boards a flight to Australia. While talking to Grace on his cellular phone, Bob agrees to help Grace and hands his phone to patrol officer Fai, who believes that the distressing phone call is a prank, due to Bob\'s reckless driving. Grace is interrupted from the call when Fok and his men enter the room, having abducted her brother\'s friend, Joe. Fok forces Grace to contact her brother, Roy. After listening to Roy\'s answering machine, Fok kills Joe and leaves with his men, now planning to go after Grace\'s daughter, Tinker. Grace persuades Bob to head to the school and find her daughter before Fok\'s men do. When Bob arrives, he is distracted by the school\'s headmaster, and minutes before the school\'s class dismissal, he finds Tinker too late, when she is abducted by Fok\'s men. Bob goes after the abductors, but winds up losing sight of them in the struggle. After crashing through a truck, Bob later finds a handgun left in his car by a fellow debt collector. Realizing that his phone has a low battery, Bob heads to a phone store to buy a cell phone charger. After losing his patience with the flirty service clerk, he holds the store at gunpoint and pays for the charger. After Bob is caught on camera at both the school and the phone store, Fai heads to Grace Wong\'s residence. He is still convinced that the kidnapping situation is a prank, having talked to Michelle, a woman impersonating Grace. Fok then decides to go after Grace\'s brother, Roy, who is in a hospital. Fai decides to call Grace\'s house, after realizing the real Grace Wong is a Mandarin-language speaker, while the impersonator he met speaks Cantonese. At the hospital, Bob manages to distract Grace\'s abductors, who are revealed by police to be Interpol agents. The agents, however, succeed in kidnapping Roy and take him to a hill where he has hidden a camcorder. Bob intervenes, grabbing a hold of the camera and fleeing from the agents; unfortunately, he loses connection with Grace. Fai heads to Grace\'s house, where he confronts and kills Michelle, realizing she was also an Interpol agent working for Fok. As Grace tries to contact Bob, she is caught by one Fok\'s henchmen. Grace kills the henchman and manages to find her daughter. However, while planning to escape, Grace and Tinker are caught by Fok. Bob looks at the evidence on the camcorder. The footage, captured by Roy, reveals Fok brutally executing several American drug dealers and stealing their contraband. Bob calls Fok, and tells them to meet him at the airport in an exchange for the evidence and the hostages, while attempting to keep his promise to his son. At the airport, Bob\'s plans to meet his sister and son are foiled as Fok conveniently stands between them and Bob\'s hiding place. After telling Fok to go towards the parking lot, he demands that Grace, Roy and Tinker be released. They flee to a patrol car that is also in the lot. Unfortunately, Bob is caught by Fok and his men, and fights against them until Fai catches up to them. Fok and his men are arrested by Detective Cheung and his Serious Crimes Unit. After Bob hands the videotaped evidence over to Detective Cheung, Fok and Tong, one of Fok\'s henchman, appear, and Cheung reveals that he was working with Fok. Fok deletes the footage on the videotape, and a violent confrontation ensues in a loading dock in the airport where Fai and Bob take on Fok, Cheung and the corrupt Interpol agents. Cheung is shot to death by Fai after attacking the patrol officer with a forklift truck. Bob confronts Fok on a scaffolding. After Bob reveals he still has videotaped evidence on his cell phone and threatens to send it to the police, Fok kicks Bob off the scaffolding. A net manages to save Bob\'s fall, but sends Fok falling to his death. While this was going on, a member of Fok\'s team rekidnaps Grace and her family and prepares to kill them, but Grace manages to defend her family long enough for the police to arrive. When Bob returns, Fai talks to him, feeling the glory he once had as a police officer, and wishing that they never meet again after their ordeal. Bob then meets Grace for the first time in person. Grace thanks him, and Bob concludes their meeting by saying, "If you\'re gonna call for help, no thanks! If you want dinner, then I\'ll consider." Bob is then reunited with his son, who is happy that his father kept his promise.'] ["Charley Varrick is a crop-duster and former stunt pilot by trade. The aging trailer-park dweller has clearly not been too successful. Together with three others, including his wife Nadine and edgy Harman Sullivan, a heavily disguised Varrick robs a small bank in Tres Cruces, New Mexico. During the robbery, two policemen and the fourth robber are killed and Nadine is mortally wounded. Varrick and Sullivan find themselves with $750,000&nbsp;&mdash; far more money than they expected. The bank manager, timid Harold Young, reports only $2,000 stolen. Realizing they have stolen the proceeds of a mob money laundering operation, Varrick and Sullivan find themselves in trouble not only with the police but with several shady characters, in particular mob money man Maynard Boyle and an amoral hired killer called Molly. Also being threatened by his partner Sullivan, who wants to spend the money immediately rather than lying low for years until the heat is off, Varrick decides to double-cross him before Sullivan can do the same to him. He makes a plan to flee the country and puts in a rush order for two fake passports with Jewell Everett, a pretty photographer. She promptly betrays Varrick and puts Molly on his trail. The sadistic Molly catches up with Sullivan at the trailer, brutally beating and killing him while attempting to determine Varrick's whereabouts. Boyle, meanwhile, terrifies the mousy bank manager Young with the threat that the mob will suspect the robbery to be an inside job. One of the descriptions of torture that Boyle suggests will befall Young involves a pair of pliers and a blowtorch. Rather than submit to such treatment, Young commits suicide by shooting himself. Varrick flies his plane to Reno, where he surprises and seduces Boyle's secretary, Sybil Fort, who urges Varrick not to trust her boss. Nonetheless, Varrick sets up a meeting with Boyle in a remote automobile wrecking yard back in New Mexico, arriving for it in his crop duster. He greets Boyle so warmly that Molly becomes convinced the men must be partners. Molly angrily runs down Boyle with his car. Molly then proceeds to stalk Varrick, who tries to escape by plane. Molly damages the crop-duster's tail with his car before it can take off. Varrick's crippled plane flips over. Flat on his back in the wreckage, Varrick can do nothing to save himself except tell Molly where the money is hidden. Seemingly in mortal danger, Varrick has actually set a booby trap for Molly, flipping the plane on purpose, a trick he learned back in his barnstorming days. Molly goes to retrieve the hidden money and is blown up. In the remains of the explosion are a number of hundred-dollar bills and Sullivan's body, to be mistaken for that of Varrick, who had earlier switched dental records. Varrick scoops up the remaining money and makes his getaway."] ["Robert Rath  is a paid assassin who wants nothing more than to get out of 'the business', haunted by the memory of murdering his own mentor Nicolai years ago. Rath is a quiet, morose professional who is on an assignment to kill someone when someone else gets to the 'mark'  before he does. That person turns out to be Miguel Bain , a fellow assassin and a competitive psychopath. Rath then has the trouble of trying to figure out who sent Bain, the contractor offers him one last job that could financially allow him to retire: killing the four Dutch buyers and the computer hacker named Electra  and retrieve a disk that contains sensitive information. Electra has set up cameras in all the rooms of the apartment block where she lives and watches them like watching television. Bain is assigned to kill Electra as well. Bain kills the four Dutch buyers who turn out to be Interpol agents and Rath comes to kill Electra but for the first time has a change of heart. His pay for the job is given to him in a briefcase in exchange for the disk. The briefcase actually contains a bomb placed by own contractor in an attempt to kill him. Luckily Electra had swapped the disk, not sure if Rath was coming back or not. The contractor takes the chance and hires Bain to terminate him; now having become a target along with Electra he must try and extract enough money out of his contractor so he can disappear for good, while avoiding the bloodthirsty Bain. Rath's contractor turns out to be none other than Nicolai himself who also hired Bain to track down Electra and the disk."] ['A U.S. Coast Guard patrol boat stops a suspicious yacht, finding that an American businessman and his family have been murdered by several men operating the craft. The murdered man happens to have been a close friend of the President of the United States. President Bennett  learns that the man was murdered because of his ties to a drug cartel, having skimmed over $650 million from the cartel. The President tells James Cutter , his National Security Advisor, that Colombian drug cartels represent "a clear and present danger" to the U.S., indirectly giving Cutter unofficial permission to take down the men responsible for his friend\'s death. Jack Ryan  is appointed Deputy Director  when his friend, mentor, and boss Admiral Jim Greer  is diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. Upon his appointment, Ryan is asked to go before the U.S. Congress to request increased funding of $70 million for ongoing Central Intelligence Agency  operations in Colombia. Congress approves the funding, with U.S. Senator Mayo  receiving Ryan\'s word that no troops or black-ops will be used. Needing to keep an unwitting Ryan out of the loop, Cutter turns to the CIA\'s Deputy Director for Operations Bob Ritter , who secures a document giving him permission to act as he sees fit to take down the cartel. Ritter assembles a black-ops team with the help of John Clark . The team inserts itself in Colombia, with Clark running logistics from Bogota, Colombia, and Captain Ricardo Ramirez  leading the ground force in a search-and-destroy mission against various cartel gangs, their equipment, and hidden drug lab facilities. The head of one of the drug gangs, Ernesto Escobedo , is enraged at having lost over $600 million as a result of the freezing of assets, and has his intelligence officer, Félix Cortez , take care of the problem. Cortez, a former colonel of Cuban military intelligence, has an unwitting contact inside the U.S. government&nbsp;&mdash; Moira Wolfson , a secretary to Federal Bureau of Investigation  Director Emil Jacobs. Cortez feigns romantic interest to discover that Jacobs is visiting Colombia to negotiate with the local attorney general concerning the frozen money. Unaware of these covert dealings, Ryan finds himself caught in the middle of an assassination attempt on Jacobs, which only Ryan survives. Cortez travels to the U.S. and kills Moira to cover his tracks. Cortez\'s real motivation is to cause distrust among the leaders of the cartel . Cortez believes he can assume control of the cartel following the gang war that will result. In retaliation for the assassination of Jacobs, Cutter orders an air strike on a villa where the cartel\'s leaders are supposed to meet. The bombing is mostly successful, killing a large number of the cartel leaders and fooling the media and other observers into thinking that the destruction was caused by a car bomb set by a rival drug lord. Escobedo and Cortez avoid the bombing, but innocent women and children are killed in the action, much to Cutter\'s dismay. The situation is exacerbated when Ryan and Cortez independently discover that the United States was responsible for the bombing. Cortez brokers a deal with Cutter. Cortez will assassinate Escobedo and take over the cartel, then reduce drug shipments to the U.S. and allow American law enforcement to arrest some of his workers at regular intervals so as to make the U.S. appear to be winning the drug war. In exchange, Cutter will shut down all operations in Colombia and allow Cortez to capture and kill Clark\'s soldiers. Cutter agrees and orders Ritter to get rid of all evidence of their operations and cut off the troops in Colombia from all support. Ryan is told about the meeting between Cutter and Cortez. He hacks into Ritter\'s computer account and discovers Ritter\'s and Cutter\'s work in Colombia. Ritter notices Ryan\'s presence on the computer while Ritter is deleting all of the files, and the two men confront each other. Ritter tells Ryan that he has written permission from the President to do anything necessary to defeat the Cali Cartel, and so does Cutter. Ryan will be the scapegoat for what has happened since he doesn\'t have that protection and was responsible for the funding from Congress that made the Colombian operations possible. Greer succumbs to cancer. As the funeral takes place the black-ops team is ambushed in Colombia. Ryan goes to Colombia to find John Clark and save the soldiers. Ritter and Cutter find out about this and tell Clark that Ryan was responsible for the operation\'s shut-down. Clark almost kills Ryan before Ryan convinces him that Ritter and Cutter are responsible. Clark hires a local retired American pilot and Ryan buys an aging Bell 412 helicopter. They fly to where the soldiers were attacked and find the squad\'s scout/sniper, Domingo Chavez , who tells them that two of his unit members are imprisoned and the rest are dead. Ryan visits Escobedo\'s mansion and tells him what Cortez has been doing. Enraged, Escobedo accuses Cortez of treachery. One of Cortez\'s men kills Escobedo and henchmen, but is shot by Chávez. Ryan, Clark, and Chávez rescue the prisoners, kill Cortez, and escape. Ryan confronts the President, who tries to convince Ryan that he now holds "a chip in the big game"&nbsp;&mdash; by being in the loop of what happened, Ryan can use the President for special favors; otherwise Ryan and Admiral Greer become the scapegoats. Ryan tells the President that he intends to blow the whistle at a Congressional Oversight Committee session despite the damage it could do to his career. He walks out of the Oval Office and begins his testimony to Congress.'] ["As the U.S. Subic Bay naval base's operations slowly wind down and naval manpower begins to dwindle, Commander Hamilton  relies on three U.S. Navy Seals to help keep the base secure. William Hawk , a longtime American sailor nearing the end of a tour of duty, is involved with a Filipina, Lisa Velasquez , a representative of the mayor's office in nearby Olongapo City. Lisa has to deal with the economic crisis that the base's closing will bring to her community, as well as her own personal problems brought on by Hawk's imminent departure and the strained relationship of her mother, Anna , and stepfather, Ed ."] ['A young African American orphan  is taken in by the proprietor of a Los Angeles brothel in the 1940s. While working there as a towel boy, he loses his virginity at a young age to one of the prostitutes. The women name him "Sweet Sweetback" in honor of his sexual prowess and large penis. As an adult, Sweetback  works as a performer in the whorehouse, entertaining customers by performing in a sex show. One night, a pair of LAPD officers come in to speak to Sweetback\'s boss, Beetle . A black man had been murdered, and there is pressure from the black community to bring in a suspect. The police ask permission to arrest Sweetback, blame him for the crime, and then release him a few days later for lack of evidence, in order to appease the black community. Beetle agrees, and the officers arrest Sweetback. On the way to the police station, the officers arrest a young Black Panther named Mu-Mu . They handcuff him to Sweetback, but when Mu-Mu insults the officers, they take both men out of the car, undo the handcuff from Mu-Mu\'s wrist, and beat him. In response, Sweetback uses the handcuffs, still hanging from his wrist, to beat the officers into unconsciousness. The remainder of the film chronicles Sweetback\'s flight through South Central Los Angeles towards the United States–Mexico border. Sweetback is captured by the police and violently interrogated about his previous assault on the arresting officers, but he escapes when a riot breaks out. Sweetback goes to a woman who cuts his handcuffs off in exchange for sex. With his handcuffs off, Sweetback continues onward, only to be captured by a chapter of the Hells Angels. The female leader of the gang is impressed by the size of Sweetback\'s penis, and agrees to help him and Mu-Mu escape from the police in exchange for sex. The police find Sweetback and Mu-Mu at the bikers\' hangout, but Sweetback escapes on foot while Mu-Mu goes away with the bikers. Mu-Mu and one of the bikers  are killed. After his escape from the bikers\' hangout, a white man sympathetic to Sweetback\'s cause agrees to switch clothes with him, allowing the usually velour-clad Sweetback to blend in. The police find Sweetback\'s former foster mother, who reveals that Sweetback\'s birth name is Leroy. The film concludes in the desert, where the L.A. police send several hunting dogs after Sweetback. He makes it into the Tijuana River, and escapes into Mexico, swearing to return to "collect dues".'] ['Vincent Moon  represents a crime syndicate that just built a maximum security prison which is scheduled to open the next day. Rather than killing them individually, the crime syndicate brings together 100 people who have in some way wronged the syndicate, provides them with weapons, and gives them a choice: fight or die. The assassins are given six hours to eliminate the competition, and told that the last three will walk away with 10 million dollars. Various agreements and alliances are made as the killers battle for survival and the money.'] ["Harry Palmer  is forced into early retirement from MI-5. During a tryst with his old girlfriend Jean Courtney , he receives a telephone call offering a mysterious job opportunity. Harry flies to St. Petersburg, Russia, where he is met by Nikolai . They are followed and shot at by Chechens, before Nick  and Natasha  can deliver Harry to his potential employer, Alex . Alex tells Harry that a deadly binary biological weapon called Alorex has been stolen; he wants Harry to find it. Harry cannot turn down the pay: $250,000. Louis , one of his old contacts, tells him that the Alorex will be on a train, the Bullet to Beijing. Ex-KGB Colonel Gradsky  and his men are also passengers, as are Nick, Natasha, and Craig Warner , yet another unemployed spy, this time formerly with the CIA. When Harry and Nick try to find out what is in the crate Gradsky is transporting to the North Korean embassy, Gradsky  merely has them thrown off the train. Conveniently, though they are in Siberia, there is an airport nearby, and they are able to board a crowded, ramshackle Aeroflot Antonov An-30 aircraft. Though the plane runs out of fuel and has to set down 300 miles from the train's next stop, Harry and Nick just barely manage to get back aboard the Bullet. When they go to confront Gradsky, they receive several surprises. Natasha, whom they find in the colonel's compartment, turns out to be Gradsky's daughter. Then, they learn that Gradsky also works for Alex. Finally, Harry guesses that Alex is selling the Alorex to the North Koreans for heroin, a specialty of Craig's. Nick, who sincerely thinks that Alex is the man to lead Russia in the troubled times ahead, refuses to believe it. Harry talks Gradsky into dumping his half of the Alorex and replacing it with vodka and urine. But where is the other component? Then, Harry remembers that Louis' grandson had given him a seemingly innocent gift, a Matryoshka doll. Inside, he finds a vial. Nevertheless, they have to pretend to deliver the Alorex. At the North Korean embassy, Palmer meets another old spy acquaintance, Kim Soo . Kim Soo has orders to get rid of Harry because he knows too much. Fortunately, Nick rescues him by lying and saying Alex will deal with him later. Later, when Harry asks him why he did it, Nick tells him that he thinks Harry is his father. During the Cold War, the Soviets had attempted to suborn a British spy by having a woman agent seduce him. Harry denies being that man, but Nick doesn't believe him. On the way back to St. Petersburg, Harry explains to Nick that Alex planted the specifications for Alorex in his passport , but Harry was not fooled. He burns the valuable but deadly information and tips off both a rival gangster and the police about the incoming heroin shipment. Complications arise when there is an attempt on Harry's life by men working for Kim Soo, which Craig surprisingly foils. The American, it turns out, is working for the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration. Harry and his friends emerge relatively unscathed from the chaotic final shootout."] ['{{Plot}} Chun-Li moves from San Francisco to Hong Kong with her family. While practicing to be a concert pianist, she learns Wushu from her father Xiang, a businessman. For a while, her life is perfect until one night, Xiang is attacked and abducted by M. Bison\'s henchmen in front of Chun-Li. Years later, Chun-Li grows up and becomes a talented pianist. At the end of her concert, she receives a mysterious scroll written in ancient Chinese text. Shortly after, she loses her mother to cancer. Meanwhile, at Shadaloo headquarters in Bangkok, Thailand, Bison announces his complete control of the organization before he has the other shareholders executed by Vega. It is also revealed that Xiang is still alive and working for Bison. The next day, Thai detective Maya Sunee meets Interpol agent Charlie Nash, when both are called to investigate the murder of several crime syndicate families in Bangkok. Nash informs Maya that this is the work of Shadaloo. Back in Hong Kong, Chun-Li has the scroll translated by a wise old lady, who tells her she must travel to Bangkok and find a man named Gen. Chun-Li then leaves her home and travels to Bangkok, living homeless and searching for Gen for several days until a fight with thugs leaves her exhausted and unconscious, and Gen appears and brings her to his home. Gen informs her that he was once comrades with Bison and he knows how to find her father, and for the next few days, he teaches her his style of martial arts. Chun-Li also learns more about Bison, who is operating Shadaloo publicly, and is holding the families of property owners hostage in order to force them to sign their property over to him. While spying on Bison\'s henchman Balrog, she overhears that a property owner is asked to hand over the rights to a docking harbor, allowing the shipment of the "White Rose". Later that night, Chun-Li goes to a nightclub and confronts Cantana, one of Bison\'s secretaries. She obtains information on the location of the White Rose before escaping from Shadaloo\'s thugs and Nash and Maya. As a result of this incident, Cantana is used as a punching bag by Bison the next day. Gen tells Chun-Li more of Bison\'s origin. The son of Irish missionaries, Bison grew up an orphan and lived his entire life as a thief. Many years later, as a means of becoming completely evil, he killed his pregnant wife and transferred his conscience into their prematurely born daughter. After telling Chun-Li to go and fetch some food, Gen is attacked by Shadaloo soldiers before Balrog uses a RPG to blow up his house. Chun-Li runs off when she is attacked by Vega, whom she soundly defeats and leaves hanging by the side of a building. The next day, Chun-Li interrogates a harbor employee into telling her the arrival time of the White Rose. She returns to the shipping yard that night, only to fall into a trap as Bison and his soldiers capture her. Tied up and brought into an undisclosed house, she is reunited with Xiang, only for Bison to break his neck. After Bison and Balrog leave the house, Chun-Li uses her skills to defeat the guards and escape. During the escape, she is shot in the arm by Balrog, but is reunited with Gen, who heals her wounds and continues with her training. Despite being taken off the assignment, Nash is secretly asked by Chun-Li to back her up in taking down Bison. Nash and Chun-Li, along with Maya and her SWAT team, arrive at the shipping yard, where they engage in a shootout with Shadaloo forces. Maya is wounded in the shootout, but her SWAT team manages to dwindle Shadaloo\'s numbers. Meanwhile, Chun-Li enters a ship and discovers a girl who speaks Russian before leaving her to continue her search for Bison. On the other side of the ship, Gen faces off against Balrog until he impales him with a liquid nitrogen pipe. Bison takes the girl - who is revealed to be his daughter Rose - and flees the scene by helicopter. Chun-Li, Gen, Nash and a SWAT officer arrive at Bison\'s headquarters, where Nash and the officer take Rose out to safety while Chun-Li and Gen face Bison. After a long battle, Chun-Li hits Bison with a bamboo pole and drops sandbags on him, stunning him. She then charges up a Kikoken and shoots it at him, knocking him off the scaffolding before she jumps and twists his neck with her legs. Nash tells Chun-Li to leave the scene as Thai police arrive. Chun-Li returns to her home in Hong Kong and settles down when Gen pays her a visit. He shows her a newspaper ad for an upcoming Street Fighter tournament, telling her that a Japanese fighter named Ryu might be a recruit for their cause. She declines the offer, telling him she is home for now.'] ['In an unnamed city, Ellen Aim , lead singer of Ellen Aim and The Attackers, has returned home to give a concert. The Bombers, a biker gang, led by Raven Shaddock , enter the auditorium and kidnap her. Witnessing all of this is Reva Cody , who runs a local diner, wires her kid brother Tom Cody , an ex-soldier and Ellen\'s ex-boyfriend, to rescue her. Tom arrives by elevated train and, after taking Reva home, checks out the local tavern, the Blackhawk, where Clyde  tends bar. He is annoyed by a tomboyish looking ex-soldier named McCoy , a mechanic who "could drive anything" and who is good with her fists, as evidenced when she knocks out Clyde. They leave the bar and McCoy asks Tom for a place to stay for the night. He obliges, taking her home, where she gets the couch. That night, Tom and Reva plan to rescue Ellen; Reva is to contact Billy Fish , Ellen\'s manager and current boyfriend, to meet at the diner in the morning. While Reva and McCoy go to the diner to wait for Billy, Tom acquires a cache of weapons that includes a pump action shotgun, a Stainless Ruger Redhawk revolver, and a Marlin lever action rifle. Tom and Billy meet at the diner and Tom agrees to the rescue on the condition that Billy pays him $10,000 and that he goes with Tom back into "the Battery" to get Ellen. Billy agrees, and Tom hires McCoy to drive for 10%. In the Battery, they visit Torchie\'s, where Billy used to book bands. They wait until nightfall, down the block under an overpass, watching a lot of bikers come and go. Inside the bar, The Blasters play "One Bad Stud" while a dancer  gyrates on a small stage. Raven has Ellen tied up to a bed in a room upstairs. As Tom, Billy, and McCoy approach Torchie\'s, Tom directs Billy to return to the car and be out front in fifteen minutes. Tom plans to go in topside while McCoy uses the front door.  McCoy enters and is stopped by one of the Bombers. McCoy, pretending to like him, follows him to his special "party room", just down the hall from where Raven is playing poker. McCoy pulls a handgun on the gang member and knocks him out with the butt of her weapon. Tom explores the building across from the bar until he is directly across from Ellen\'s window. McCoy bursts into the card game and gets the drop on Raven and the rest. Tom starts to blow up the bikes, shooting their gas tanks, then slides down and runs up to Ellen\'s room. He cuts her free and, with McCoy\'s help, escapes just as Billy arrives at the front door. As the others jump into the convertible, Tom sends them off to meet at the Grant Street Overpass, then blows up the gas pumps outside the bar as a diversion. Raven appears out of the flames and chaos to confront Tom. After learning who he is, Raven warns he\'ll be back for her and for him, too. Tom escapes on the one motorcycle that survived destruction. Billy is persuading Ellen to wise up, telling her the only reason her ex-boyfriend rescued her was for money. Tom arrives and jumps into the car, and McCoy pointedly explains to Billy that Tom used to be Ellen\'s old flame. Ditching the very visible street rod in a parking garage, Ellen follows Tom up the stairs while Billy and McCoy take the elevator. Ellen and Tom fight as Billy and McCoy go back and forth once again about Tom and Ellen\'s love affair. When they all meet up on the street, they are in the Battery. The group returns Ellen safely home where she initially rejects her home town as well as Tom. Later, he goes to the hotel where Ellen and Billy are staying to collect his reward. He only takes McCoy\'s cut and throws the rest in Billy\'s face. He then tells Ellen that there was a time he would\'ve done anything for her but no more. As Tom storms out, Ellen follows and the two embrace in the rain. Meanwhile, Raven informs Officer Ed Price ([[Richard Lawson , the head of the police department, that he wants Tom to confront him alone. If he agrees he will leave the Richmond alone. Price tells Tom to get out of town. Tom, Ellen, and McCoy leave on a train. He knocks out Ellen and returns to town for a climactic battle with Raven involving railroad spike hammers. Tom defeats Raven and the defeated gang carries their leader away. Later that night, he says a final goodbye to Ellen and rides off with McCoy.'] ['In a small American town, the town residents live peacefully in a small community. But one day, trucks mysteriously start to come to life and develop their own minds, but they end up prompting violence, starting to destroy houses and kill people, and the rest of the townspeople have to figure out a way how to destroy them all before they kill all the residents of the town.'] ['In 2027, after 18 years of worldwide female infertility, civilisation is on the brink of collapse as humanity faces the grim reality of extinction. For years the United Kingdom, one of the few stable nations with a functioning government, has been deluged by asylum seekers from around the world, fleeing the chaos and war which has taken hold in most countries. In response Britain has become a militarised police state as British forces round up and detain immigrants. Kidnapped by an immigrants rights group known as "The Fishes", former activist turned cynical bureaucrat Theo Faron  is brought to its leader, his estranged American wife Julian Taylor . They separated after their son died from a flu pandemic in 2008. Julian offers Theo money to acquire transit papers for a young refugee named Kee , which Theo obtains from his cousin Nigel , a government minister. However, the bearer must be accompanied, so Theo agrees to escort Kee in exchange for a larger sum. Luke , a Fishes member, drives them and former midwife Miriam  towards the coast to a boat. They are ambushed by an armed gang and Julian is fatally shot. Luke kills two police officers who stop their car and they escape to a safe house. Kee reveals her importance to Theo: she is pregnant. Julian had told her to only trust him, intending to hand Kee to the "Human Project", a supposed scientific group in the Azores dedicated to curing infertility. However, Luke persuades Kee to stay. That night, Theo eavesdrops on a meeting of Luke and other members and discovers that Julian\'s death was orchestrated so the group could use the baby as a political tool to support the coming revolution. Theo wakes Kee and Miriam and they steal a car, escaping to the secluded hideaway of Theo\'s aging hippie friend Jasper Palmer , a former editorial cartoonist. A plan is formulated to board the Human Project ship Tomorrow which will arrive offshore from the Bexhill refugee camp and Jasper proposes getting Syd , a camp guard he knows, to smuggle them in. The Fishes trail the group and Jasper stays behind to stall them, giving the government-issued suicide drug Quietus to his catatonic wife. A horrified Theo witnesses the Fishes kill him before escaping with Miriam and Kee. Later they meet Syd, who transports them to Bexhill as prisoners. When Kee begins having contractions on a bus, Miriam distracts a suspicious guard with mania and is taken away. That night Kee gives birth. The next day Syd informs Theo and Kee that a war between the army and the refugees, including the Fishes, has begun. After seeing the baby Syd threatens to turn them in but they attack him and escape. Amidst the fighting between refugees and British troops, the Fishes capture Kee. Theo tracks her and her baby to an apartment which is under heavy fire from the military and escorts her out. Awed by the presence of a baby, the combatants stop fighting momentarily, enabling them to escape. Marichka leads them to a boat in a sewer, but refuses to join them. Theo rows away, revealing to Kee that he had been shot during the gunfire. As they witness the aerial bombing of Bexhill by the Royal Air Force, Kee tells Theo she will name her baby Dylan after Theo\'s son. Theo loses consciousness and Kee begins to sing a lullaby as the Tomorrow approaches through the fog.'] ['The title character is a vicious villainess who commands a Thought Factory in the Scottish Highlands. Intent on achieving world domination, she kidnaps ex-CIA agent Anthony Lawrence and forces him to help her hijack a secret nuclear weapon, the Polaris submarine.'] ['An ex-Army Ranger searching for the killer of his parents discovers a family of vampires in a former chemical weapons factory-turned-nightclub.<ref namehttp://www.variety.com/article/VR1117982807.html?categoryid1&queryDave McNary|titleVariety|date2008-10-09}}'] ['The story follows the escape of two men from an Alaska prison, the efforts of a train dispatching office to safely stop the out-of-control train they are on, and the hunt by their warden to recapture them. Oscar "Manny" Manheim is a ruthless bank robber and hero to the convicts of Stonehaven Maximum Security Prison. After two previous escape attempts the doors to Manny\'s cell have been welded shut for three years. A court order compels Manny\'s nemesis, the vindictive Associate Warden Ranken, to release him back into the general prison population. Manny immediately sets his next escape plan into action. Buck is another convict  who due to his position in the prison\'s laundry room is recruited to smuggle Manny out in a laundry trolley. Naive and unintelligent, Buck decides to escape with Manny, who does not care for company. After a freezing cross-country hike  the two hop on board a train consisting of four locomotives at a remote Alaskan rail yard. Just as the train is set in motion, the elderly engineer suffers a heart attack. In attempting to stop the train and get off, the engineer does not set the throttle to Idle, instead engaging the brakes, before collapsing off the still-moving train. This overrides the engine\'s automatic train stop. Consequently, although the brakes apply, the locomotives overpower them, and the brake shoes burn off, making it impossible to stop the train. Neither the two convicts nor the only railway worker left on the train, a locomotive hostler named Sara, are aware of their situation . As the train accelerates, dispatcher Frank Barstow is alerted to the situation. Unaware of the failure of the brakes, Barstow authorizes employees to allow the runaway out onto the mainline, arrogantly insisting that a computer-controlled signalling system of his creation will trigger a brake application on the locomotives. The last of the brake shoes burn off and the dispatchers realize the severity of their situation, forcing them to keep the tracks clear. The runaway smashes through the caboose of a freight train that was in the act of moving out of its path. The collision badly damages the cab of the lead locomotive and jams the front door of the second engine, an old EMD F-unit. As the train accelerates to dangerous speeds, Barstow realizes that the locomotive\'s over-speed control is no longer working properly after the crash. Learning that the train\'s excessive speed will most probably collapse an old railroad trestle ahead, Barstow\'s superior orders him to derail it, believing that no one alive is on board. At this point the signal maintainer hears the train\'s horn. Realizing that someone is indeed alive on the train, Barstow orders a reversal of the switch. The speeding train continues onwards towards the aged Seneca trestle, where emergency workers are gathering in expectation of a disaster. Warden Ranken concludes that his two escaped convicts are escaping by rail. Meanwhile, the two fugitives have found Sara on board when she climbs back to the fourth engine in the belief she will be safer towards the rear of the train in a possible collision. Now aware that the engineer must be dead, the three must get to the lead engine so that they can press its fuel cutoff switch. Sara informs them that they can\'t because the second locomotive is a "carbody" F-unit with no forward catwalk. Its nose door, which would normally allow access to the lead engine, is jammed from the collision with the freight. At her suggestion, they are able to slow the train somewhat by disconnecting the MU cables connected to the two rear locomotives, shutting them down and slowing the train enough for it to safely cross the Seneca trestle. The dispatchers divert the runaway onto a branch after determining it is only five minutes away from a head-on collision with a passenger train. This is only a brief respite, as further ahead the branch negotiates a tight curve adjacent to a chemical plant. Even at its reduced speed, the runaway is likely to derail on this curve and trigger a major chemical spill. His hand forced, Barstow agrees that they must switch the runaway onto a stub-ended siding and crash it, thus sending the three people on the train to almost certain death, rather than risk a catastrophic chemical explosion. Warden Ranken refuses to wait, coercing Barstow\'s assistance in chasing down the train by prison helicopter. Manny shows an increasingly violent streak, repeatedly asserting his dominance over Buck. He eventually forces Buck to attempt a suicidal scramble around the outside of the second engine\'s nose . Sara\'s intervention on Buck\'s behalf forces an armed face-off between the two convicts. Emotionally broken, all three slump into a fatalistic depressionin the F-unit\'s cab, only broken when Ranken\'s helicopter catches up with the train. Spurred on by the appearance of his arch-foe, and resolved not to return to prison, even if it means his own death, Manny makes a perilous leap from the F-unit\'s broken windshield to the lead engine. There, after a struggle with Ranken , Manny handcuffs him inside the cab. To the music of the second movement of Antonio Vivaldi\'s "Gloria" in D , Manny uncouples the lead engine from the rest of the train, leaving Buck and Sara safely behind. He refuses to stop the lead engine despite Buck\'s screamed pleas. With Ranken his prisoner now, Manny climbs onto the roof of the lone engine in the freezing cold and blowing snow, his arms stretched out, ready to meet his end. After a series of cross-cuts of Buck and Manny\'s fellow inmates mourning in their cells at Stonehaven, the film fades to white and closes with an on-screen quote from William Shakespeare\'s Richard III: {{Quote}}'] ["Tough Chicago Police Lieutenant Jim Brannigan  is sent to London to extradite a notorious American gangster, Ben Larkin . Brannigan is assigned a local officer, Jennifer , to help while he is in London. Before he can collect him Larkin is kidnapped, by Mel Fields  and Brannigan spends the rest of the film running around London in search of Larkin. Whilst struggling to adapt to the British way of life, and the restrained style of policing, he employs techniques not usually seen in Britain. In the meantime, a contract has been put out on Brannigan's life by Larkin to prevent him from being extradited to the United States. The contract is picked up by Gorman . Commander Swann , in charge of helping Brannigan get Larkin to America, is a stuffy, upper class, Metropolitan Police Commander who's not afraid to get his hands dirty. There is continual conflict between Brannigan and Swann about Brannigan's carrying, and use of, his handgun."] ['As the U.S. Congress moves to pass new legislation that dramatically expands the surveillance powers of intelligence agencies, Congressman Phil Hammersley  remains firmly opposed to its passage. To ensure the bill\'s passage, National Security Agency official Thomas Reynolds  kills Hammersley, but he is unaware of a video camera set up by wildlife researcher Daniel Zavitz  that has captured the entire incident. Zavitz discovers the murder, and alerts an underground journalist, at the same time transferring the video to an innocuous computer disc. Reynolds learns of Zavitz\'s footage, and sends a team to recover the video. While fleeing, Zavitz runs into an old college friend, labor lawyer Robert Clayton Dean . Zavitz secretly passes the computer disc into Dean\'s shopping bag. Zavitz flees and is killed when hit by a car. Reynolds soon has the underground journalist killed. When the NSA discovers that Dean may have the video, a team raids his house and plants surveillance devices. Unable to find the video, the NSA proceeds to falsely incriminate Dean of passing classified information to Rachel Banks , a former girlfriend. The subterfuge destroys Dean\'s life: he is fired from his job, his bank accounts are frozen, and his wife  throws him out of the house. Dean, trailed by the NSA, meets with Banks, who offers to set up a meeting with "Brill", one of her secret contacts. After meeting an NSA agent posing as Brill , Dean realizes his error, only to have the real Brill, retired NSA agent Edward Lyle , ferry him to temporary safety, helping rid Dean of all the tracking devices he is unwittingly carrying. With Dean and Lyle in hiding, the NSA agents kill Banks and frame Dean for the murder. While Lyle is able to find evidence that the NSA executed the murder, it is destroyed during an escape from an NSA raid. It is then revealed that Lyle was an expert in communications for the NSA. He was stationed in Iran before the Iranian Revolution. When the revolution occurred, Lyle made it out of the country, but his partner, Rachel\'s father, was killed. Since then he has been in hiding. Lyle tries to coax Dean into trying to run away, but Dean is adamant about clearing his name. Dean and Lyle blackmail another supporter of the surveillance bill, Congressman Sam Albert  by videotaping him having an affair with his aide. Dean and Lyle "hide" bugs that Reynolds had used on Dean in Albert\'s room so Albert will find them and have the NSA start an investigation. Lyle also deposits $140,000 into Reynolds\' bank account to make it appear that he is taking bribes. Lyle contacts Reynolds to tell him that he has the video of the Hammersley murder and asks to meet. Dean tells them that the Hammersley murder footage is in the hands of Mafia boss Joey Pintero , whose office is under FBI surveillance. Dean, Reynolds, and the NSA team head into Pintero\'s restaurant, precipitating a gunfight that kills the mobsters, Reynolds, and several of his NSA team. Dean and Lyle escape, with Lyle quickly disappearing from the authorities. The FBI discovers the plot behind the legislation, causing it to fail, though they cover up the NSA\'s involvement. Dean is cleared of all charges and is reunited with his wife. Lyle escapes to a tropical location, but sends a "goodbye" message to Dean.'] ['This Steven Seagal thriller sees Wong Dai , an influential Chinese drug kingpin, sitting at a long table in an old building in Paris, France, going through the motions of a gigantic merger between himself and several other major Chinese drug dealers. Sai Lo  controls shipments in the French heroin market in Paris, using laundromats all over Paris as a front. Tang "The Bird" Zhili  controls the entire New York drug conglomerate from the Chinatown section of New York, and runs Mahjong gambling rackets. Yin Quinshi  of Sofia, Bulgaria, controls an Eastern European drug cartel. Li Bo  controls drug exports in Shanghai, China, and has a penchant for French restaurants. Fang "The Barber" Lee  controls a drug cartel in Paris, France, and he is known to hire unique assassins. And Mr. Chang  controls drug money in London, England. Yale University archaeology professor Robert Burns , who has just recently won the Winthrop Award for excellence in archaeology, stumbles onto the fact that his expedition to China, near the China/Kazakhstan border, is being used by Wong as a cover for a drug smuggling operation. Realizing the danger of sticking around, Burns and his assistant, Luo Yi , make a run for it, but in the resulting gunfight, Yi is killed. When Burns reaches the border, he finds that Wong\'s smugglers have set him up for smuggling the drugs. Burns lands in a Chinese prison, framed for drug running. Burns is questioned by Chinese narcotics cop Tommie Ling  and DEA agent Ed Gray , who want to release him and use him as bait to nail the drug smugglers. Burns, referred to by the Chinese drug barons as the "gweilo Professor", is quickly released and sent to the USA, where he promises Yi\'s father Luo Dazhong ([[Vincent Wong  that he will get revenge for Yi\'s murder, but Wong is not done with Burns yet. Wong sends hitmen to Burns\'s house in New Haven, Connecticut to plant a bomb, which explodes and kills Burns\'s wife Maya . With the two people closest to him dead at the hands of Wong and his minions, and with Tommie and Gray shadowing his every move, Burns is out for revenge. As it turns out, Burns was not always a Professor. Burns was once a thief of Chinese artefacts, who served time in prison and earned his archaeology degree while in prison. He changed his name and married Maya after he was released. With his determination to exterminate those who killed Maya, Burns tells Tommie and Gray to stay out of his way, as he cuts a bloody path through Chinatown and across Europe on his way to a confrontation with Wong.'] ['Set in a desolate post apocalyptic world where a once thriving golden age of man and cyborgs has ended. Cyborgs are now hunted for their parts. Cash , a female cyborg learns from Doc Edford  that she is somehow pregnant. She searches for the fabled city of Cytown to find Evans , a creator of cyborgs, to find out more about her condition. She is followed by Anton Lewellyn ([[Richard Lynch  and his assistant Jocko . Lewellyn makes a living hunting cyborgs for their parts. Though he has long wanted to find Cytown , he becomes obsessed in getting Cash and her child.'] ['A GI in Vietnam saves his buddy\'s life, but in the process is shot in the head. The injury results in brain damage to the point where he basically has a child\'s brain in a  man\'s body. When they get out of the army the two open up a bar together, but some local gangsters make things tough for them after they refuse to take part in brutal "cage" matches where fighters battle to the point of serious injury and/or death'] ['While on vacation, a Marine sniper takes on local rebels who have seized control of the hotel where he and his wife, who is now a hostage, have been staying. The Marine 2 is inspired by true events based on the 2001 Dos Palmas kidnappings.'] ['MI6 sends James Bond, agent 007, into the field to spy on a terrorist arms bazaar on the Russian border. Via television, MI6 and the British military identify several wanted men, including American "techno-terrorist" Henry Gupta, who is buying a GPS encoder made by the American military. Despite M\'s insistence to let 007 finish his reconnaissance, British Admiral Roebuck launches a missile attack on the arms bazaar. Bond then discovers two Soviet nuclear torpedoes mounted on an L-39 Albatros, and as the missile is too far along to be aborted, 007 hijacks the L-39 and flies away before the weapons bazaar is struck. Gupta escapes with the encoder. Media baron Elliot Carver, head of the Carver Media Group Network , begins his plans to use the encoder to provoke war between China and the United Kingdom, which would replace the Chinese government with one more supportive to Carver\'s plans of exclusive broadcast rights. Meaconing the GPS signal using the encoder, Gupta sends the British frigate HMS Devonshire off-course into Chinese-held waters in the South China Sea, where Carver\'s stealth ship, commanded by Mr. Stamper, sinks the frigate with a sea drill and steals one of its missiles. Afterwards, Stamper\'s men shoot down a Chinese J-7 fighter jet sent to investigate the British presence, and kill the Devonshires survivors with Chinese weaponry. After reading a CMGN report of the incident as a Chinese attack, Roebuck deploys the British Fleet to recover the frigate, and possibly retaliate, leaving M only forty-eight hours to investigate its sinking. M sends Bond to investigate Carver after Carver Media releases news with critical details hours before these have become known, and MI6 noticed a spurious signal from one of his CMGN communications satellites when the frigate was sunk. Bond travels to Hamburg and seduces Carver\'s wife, Paris, an ex-girlfriend, to get information that would help him enter Carver\'s newspaper headquarters. After Bond steals back the GPS encoder, Carver orders Paris and Bond killed. Paris is killed by Dr. Kaufman, but Bond kills Kaufman and escapes in his BMW 750i. Bond then goes to the South China Sea to investigate the wreck, discovering one of the missiles missing. He and Wai Lin, a Chinese spy on the same case, are captured by Stamper and taken to the CMGN tower in Saigon, but they escape and then collaborate on the investigation. They contact the Royal Navy and the People\'s Liberation Army Air Force to explain Carver\'s scheme. They find Carver\'s stealth ship in Ha Long Bay and board it to prevent him firing the stolen British cruise missile at Beijing. During the battle, Wai Lin is captured. Bond captures Gupta to use as his own hostage, but Carver kills Gupta, claiming he has "outlived his contract". Bond detonates an explosive, damaging the ship and making it visible to radar, and vulnerable to a subsequent Royal Navy attack. While Wai Lin disables the engines, Bond goes after the missile. He kills Carver with his own sea drill. As Bond attempts to destroy the warhead, Stamper appears and fights him. Bond traps Stamper in the missile firing mechanism and dives to save Wai Lin as the missile explodes, destroying the ship and killing Stamper. Bond and Wai Lin survive amidst the wreckage as HMS Bedford searches for them.'] ['Former university literature professor Teodor "Teja" Kraj  is now a manager of a big publishing house whose workers are just about to go on strike. During the 1990s Teja was highly involved in overthrowing the regime of Slobodan Milošević. One day a strange man entered his office carrying a big suitcase. Teja was sure this man was a writer when he gave Teja four books ready to be published. After a short conversation Teja found out that these books were actually his. Teja thought this was a joke when stranger finally introduced himself as Luka Laban , a former officer of State Security. He also found out that Luka followed him for ten years, day after day, in order to make the daily report about his movements. After Luka retired he put all his daily reports together and wrote four books about Teja\'s movements for last ten years. Teja was surprised when he heard that wherever he was, Luka was behind him. As they continue to talk, the last ten years of their lives begin to appear. Teja heard that Luka intended to kill him during the antiregime demonstrations in March 1991. Teja was amazed with what he heard and from this point movie gives us retrospective view of the past events. In all these situations Teja was fighting against regime and Luka was right behind him monitoring his movements. The first time Luka really tried to kill Teja was in 1995 after one of the demonstrations Teja took part in. When Luka told Teja that it was him who hit him with the car after these demonstrations Teja intended to kill Luka but he was stopped by his secretary. While he was talking to Luka Teja was interrupted in many occasions by the union leader Jovan who threatened to take workers to streets. In the New Year eve of 1997 Luka found out that his daughter Ana, who was Teja\'s student, was dating Teja, what gave him personal interest to ruin Teja\'s life. He made photos of these two which he used to ruin his marriage. Because of these photos Teja lost his job as a university professor. Teja reminded Luka that his daughter finished in a hospital after she suffered nervous breakdown and left university. When he asked Luka why he did that Luka answered: "Yes, she left the university but she also left you." After that Ana went to live in Canada and Luka promised to her that one day he is going to have a friendly conversation with Teja. Luka than opened the suitcase he brought with himself. The suitcase was full of ordinary things Teja lost during last ten years mostly when he was completely drunk. Luka than started telling him stories related to things he lost. The more he was talking Teja started to remember the miserable moments of his life for last ten years. Now he finally found out that Luka was the man who destroyed his life, ruined his marriage and he even "helped" Teja to lose his job. Stories of these two men described some of the darkest events in Serbian history. At the end of the movie Luka saved Teja\'s life when the union leader Jovan, at that point Teja realized he was a National Security agent, tried to kill him. Luka said he wanted Teja to have those four books he brought and a drama they just played because Luka recorded everything they said. Luka than gave Teja Ana\'s phone number in Canada to call and tell her had friendly talk. After this they departed as friends.'] ['The plot concerns Taffin and his methods of executing justice, in order to save a local park in the town of Ballymoran. An Irish tough-guy debt collector is asked by his local community to help rid the town of developers bent on building a chemical plant on the outskirts of town. The developers are ruthless and have sent their heavies into town to keep the locals quiet.'] ["In October 1992, an elite group of North Korean soldiers are put through a brutal training regime. Under the auspices of their commander, Park Mu-young , they will be sent into South Korea as sleeper agents, to be reactivated at some later date. The most promising of the group is Lee Bang-hee, a female sniper who systematically kills several key South Korean government figures over the next six years. Over six years later, in September 1998, South Korea is searching for Bang-hee. The agent in charge of her case, Yu Jong-won  has nightmares about her murdering both him and his partner, Lee Jang-gil . Yu is also engaged to a young woman, Yi Myung-hyun , a former alcoholic and the owner of a fish and aquarium supply store. They are happy together, but Yu is worried that he cannot tell Myung-hyun about the real nature of his job due to his security clearance. Yu and Lee are contacted by an arms dealer who claims to have information about their quarry, but he is shot dead by Bang-hee before he can give them any information. After digging a bit deeper, they determine that he had been contacted by the assassin at some point, in the effort to acquire something. That something turns out to be CTX, a binary liquid explosive developed by the South Korean government. In its ground state, CTX is indistinguishable from water, but when placed under the right temperature conditions for long enough, a single liter of it can explode with enough force to level a fifteen-story building. The agents begin to suspect its intended use by the assassins, when Kim, a scientist working at a lab connected to CTX, is assassinated by Bang-hee. Park and his agents ambush a military convoy with several liters of CTX, killing all the soldiers and making off with the dangerous liquid before the agents could arrive in time to warn them. Later, Park calls Yu and issues an ultimatum: he has concealed several CTX bombs around Seoul, and will give him just enough time to find each one before setting them off. It is revealed that Park and Yu have a history: Park once hijacked a civilian airliner and killed many civilians, but managed to escape by disguising himself as a wounded member of the flight crew. The first of the CTX bombs is found on top of a department store, but Park lied about the time factor. The bomb explodes just as the bomb disposal team discover its exact location, resulting in dozens of deaths. Yu is devastated, as is Myung-hyun, who has begun drinking again. Yu realizes that there may be a security leak, and suspects Lee - who, ironically enough, suspects the same thing and bugged Yu's car and phone to see if he could learn anything. They set a trap - into which Park and Bang-hee step - but the situation quickly escalates into a firefight resulting in police and civilian casualties. Several of the agents are killed. Others, including Park, escape. Myung-hyun sustains an injury, which she tries to hide from Yu. Yu sees her dressing her wounds without her knowledge, and struggles to take in the true identity of his girlfriend was in fact Bang-hee. Mu-young  who forced her for never seeing Yu again Myung-hyun's identity is confirmed later when electronic surveillance devices are discovered in fish decorating Yu's office. Yu himself had suggested bringing in the fish, and his girlfriend had supplied them. Lee confronts her in her shop, and is shot by Park. Yu suddenly appears with officers, who engage in a firefight with Park and his agents. Park and Myung-hyun escape, while a dying Lee hands a soccer match ticket to Yu. The terrorists aim to detonate a CTX bomb directly over the Royal Box at a soccer stadium in the midst of an international friendly match played by a North and South Korean team. The agents were misled into believing the next CTX target was at the airport, while Yu realizes the ticket held by his dead partner means the bomb is actually at the stadium. He defies orders and rushes to the stadium, where Park, Bang-hee, and other terrorists mingle with the crowd. They find a total ban on all liquids, but enter easily as the CTX and weapons were already planted in the stadium beforehand. Bang-hee retrieves a hidden Steyr AUG from a restroom cubicle, while Park and his agents tail several patrolling South Korean SWAT officers who later adjourn to the restrooms. There, the policemen are killed and their bodies quickly dragged away. Myung-hyun advances into the grandstand with her rifle, while Park and three other men, now disguised as South Korean SWAT officers in uniforms stolen from the dead policemen, enter the stadium control room, killing everyone there and forcing the remaining staff to switch on the stadium lights to trigger the CTX. Yu arrives at the stadium, and is tipped off about the lights. A violent confrontation in the control room results in the death of all four terrorists, and the lights are switched off in the nick of time. Myung-hyun notices this, and fires at the VIPs, but misses her target. Chasing after the entourage, she kills several more SWAT officers along the way before being confronted by a large group of officers led by Yu. As she makes a last-ditch attempt to complete her mission, she is shot dead by Yu. Yu later learns that Bang-hee was pregnant with his child, and had left detailed instructions on how to catch her on his answering machine before leaving for the stadium. Yu then visits the real Myung-hyun, who is at a hospital for chemo therapy, and Myung-hyun explains to Yu how Bang-hee became a sister figure to Myung-hyun and how she loved to hear a particular song. Myung-hyun lets Yu listen to that song, and while listening to it Yu is captivated by the lyrics. The scene then fades, while Yu, still listening to the song, shuts his eyes."] ['Ambitious politician Walter Chalmers  is holding a Senate subcommittee hearing in San Francisco on organized crime in America. To improve his political standing, Chalmers hopes to bring down Chicago mobster Pete Ross  with the aid of key witness Johnny Ross , Pete\'s brother. Bullitt takes place the weekend before the hearing, from Friday night  to Sunday night. Following his theft of $2,000,000 in mob money and subsequent escape from Chicago to San Francisco, Johnny is placed in the San Francisco Police Department\'s protective custody for the weekend. Chalmers requests Lieutenant Frank Bullitt  to guard him. Bullitt, Sergeant Delgetti ([[Don Gordon  and Detective Carl Stanton , give Ross around-the-clock protection at the Hotel Daniels, a cheap flophouse near the Embarcadero Freeway. Late Saturday night, inexplicably Ross carefully unchains the hotel room door ; seconds later a pair of hitmen , burst into the room and shoot Stanton and Ross, seriously wounding them both. Bullitt wants to investigate the shooting, while Chalmers, upset, attempts to shift blame on to Bullitt and the department. After Bullitt thwarts another assassination attempt, Ross dies of his wounds. Bullitt suppresses news of the death, asking Doctor Willard  to "misplace" the chart and have the body placed in the morgue under a John Doe identity. Chalmers arrives at the hospital on Sunday morning and is angered that Ross has disappeared. He is further incensed when he and his police minion Captain Baker  receive no help from Bullitt. Chalmers places pressure on Bullitt to produce Ross, to no effect. Bullitt reconstructs Ross\'s movements, finding the cab driver Weissberg  who brought him to the hotel. He is told by the cabbie that Ross had made a long distance call and a local call from a pay phone before he came to the hotel. The local call was to a different hotel. Bullitt picks up his 1968 Ford Mustang GT and soon discovers he is being tailed by the two hitmen. Later the hitmen realize Bullitt has turned the tables and is now following them, resulting in a car chase at the end of which the hitmen are killed. Back at the police station, Bullitt is given until Monday morning to follow his remaining lead. With the help of his girlfriend Cathy , Bullitt heads to the hotel Ross called, where he finds a woman registered under the name Dorothy Simmons , also murdered. Cathy, who sees the body, is disturbed, and later expresses her fear to Bullitt that he is becoming as cold and unfeeling as the criminals he chases. While inspecting the dead woman’s luggage, Bullitt and Delgetti find two sets of passport and airline ticket folders , two brochures from a Chicago based international travel agency , and, hidden in the pockets of the two sets of clothing, two sets of completed travelers checks for nearly $100,000 each. One set was signed by Mrs. Dorothy Rennick, the other by her husband, Mr. Albert Rennick. Bullitt tells Delgetti to contact Immigration Service in Chicago and obtain the passport photos of Mr. & Mrs. Albert Rennick. Chalmers arrives at the morgue, demanding from Bullitt a signed admission that Ross died while in his custody. Bullitt demurs, and when the faxed copy of the Rennicks\' passport photos arrives, Chalmers is shown to have sent the police to protect the wrong man. The Ross brothers  set Albert Rennick up in order to be killed as "Johnny Ross" so the real Ross could escape the mob. Johnny then killed Dorothy Rennick to silence her. At the airport, the search of the Rome flight reveals no Ross or Rennick. Bullitt guesses that Ross has booked a reservation on another international flight leaving about the same time. He discovers the real Johnny Ross on another flight  booked at the last minute; with a Rome ticket exchanged to pay for the flight. Chalmers makes one last attempt to use Ross for his own ends, which Bullitt angrily rejects before going after Ross. A chase across the working runways of San Francisco Airport ensues, with Bullitt eventually shooting and killing Ross after chasing him back into the terminal. Bullitt returns home, to find Cathy waiting for him, asleep. While going into the bathroom and starting to wash his hands, he looks up at the mirror and stares at his reflection, wondering if he has become what Cathy fears him to be.'] ["After professional thief Jack Tulliver and his crew pull off a meticulously planned armored car heist, they are ambushed in Bucharest by a group of Romanian racketeers. This rogue group, tipped off to the heist by an unknown turncoat, kills Tulliver's associate Bull and most of his crew. Tulliver escapes with a mysterious sealed case that was the most valuable part of the stolen loot. After car-jacking Sgt. Kelly Anders' car, he makes a getaway through Bucharest, but leaves Anders under the suspicion of her fellow officers. Meanwhile, Tulliver tries to save a team member who has been captured by Alexie Kutchinov, a sadistic Russian millionaire gangster in charge of the Romanian racketeers that ambushed Tulliver. Jack and Sgt. Anders are saved by Bull's brother Mikail Mercea, a Romanian mobster who shoots Alexie to avenge his brother's death. Ultimately, the content of the case is revealed, and we come to know why it is in such high demand."] ['The film begins in Seattle. Seattle police officers Madam Yeung Lai-ching , Donnie Yen, and their Caucasian partner Peter Woods tail a group of Chinese cocaine dealers through a mall. Madam Yeung and Peter tail them to a seaport that night, where a shipment has just arrived from Hong Kong. Chinese workmen load crates into the drug dealers\' truck. Madam Yeung, in defiance of Peter, acrobatically infiltrates the docks and enters the truck, but is caught by one of the workmen, Luk Wan-ting . She convinces him that she\'s a stowaway illegal immigrant from Hong Kong, and he takes her to his nearby attic apartment, where he gives her some money to help her, as he and his brother too were illegal immigrants for seven years. He has just obtained legal ID cards for both of them. She tries to stealthily check in with Peter, who is tailing the cocaine dealers to an unknown location, but Luk grows suspicious and catches her. Just then Luk\'s brother Ming  crashes in through a skylight, pursued by six armed thugs to whom he owes $20,000 due to his gambling addiction. Luk attacks the thugs to save Ming, revealing that he has some martial arts skill. Madam Yeung joins the fight against the thugs. Together they drive the thugs away. She returns Luk\'s money and leaves. The next morning, Madam Yeung realizes that one of the Chinese cocaine dealers is following her. She ambushes him, and they fight. He has some martial arts skill, but not as much as her. After a minute he gives up and flees by jumping off a hundred-foot tower into the harbor. Meanwhile, Donnie tails one of the cocaine dealers to a restaurant, where his friend Captain Michael Wong happens to be having breakfast with a girl. He comes over to say hi to Donnie, inadvertently obscuring Donnie\'s view as the cocaine dealer leaves. Both of them run outside in search of the criminal, but are ambushed by a couple martial artists. Donnie easily beats up both thugs and arrests them. Elsewhere, Peter has tailed the cocaine dealers to a mining corporation warehouse on the docks, where they sell cocaine to a Caucasian gang. Peter attempts to arrest them all, revealing that the Caucasians\' leader is a CIA officer named Mr. Robinson, which the Hong Kong dealers didn\'t know. He photographs Mr. Robinson in the act of the cocaine deal. Mr. Robinson draws a concealed shotgun and shoots Peter in the torso, and then he and his men shoot all the Chinese dealers dead . They try to retrieve the camera, but Peter is still alive, and he flees the warehouse even as Mr. Robinson shoots him again. Outside, he crashes into Luk, hands him his gun and the negative of the photo, and tells him to give it to the police. Then Mr. Robinson and his men catch up and shoot him dead. They open fire at Luk too, but Luk flees behind a shed and accidentally drops the negative into the ocean. Mr. Robinson and his men continue to pursue Luk and shoot at him, but Luk is rescued at the last moment by the arrival of the Seattle police. Mr. Robinson and his men jump into their car and escape. Madam Yeung, Donnie, and the other officers drive up and find their partner\'s corpse and Luk with a gun. They arrest Luk. At the Seattle police station, Donnie interrogates Luk, thinking he was a member of the Hong Kong gang and convinced that he hid the negative somewhere, while Luk proclaims his innocence. Donnie\'s interrogation is interrupted by a higher ranking officer, and Donnie leaves the interrogation room. The new officer threatens Luk to give him the negative, and brutally beats him with a baton when he claims he doesn\'t know where it is. Luk defends himself and knocks out the corrupt officer, then puts on his uniform and sneaks out of the police station. Luk goes to Ming\'s apartment, and Ming gives up his ID card, which Luk worked for seven years to get him, to get $3000 for a seat on a ship to take Luk back to Hong Kong that night. It is revealed that Luk is skilled at repairing Ming\'s TV antenna. Just then a couple of gunmen enter the apartment in search of Luk. Ming sacrifices his life to save Luk, while Luk keeps trying to save Ming until he dies, then finally flees. Just as Luk reaches the apartment complex\'s exit, Madam Yeung and Donnie pull up outside, having come to arrest him. Luk runs back in. Madam Yeung and Donnie split up to search the apartment complex. Donnie sees Luk and chases him onto the rooftop, where Luk ambushes him, and they fight. Donnie almost immediately gets the advantage and beats up Luk, who flees, jumping from rooftops with Donnie in hot pursuit. Luk jumps onto a Budget truck and rides it away. Donnie, still convinced that Luk is a cocaine dealer, draws his gun and takes aim, but Madam Yeung appears and knocks it away to save the potentially innocent Luk, who escapes. Back at the Seattle police station, Donnie\'s superior orders him off the case because he has no faith in him, and replaces him with Michael. Donnie requests to stay on the case as Michael\'s partner, and Michael convinces their superior to allow it. That night, Luk goes to board the ship to Hong Kong. He has to sell his ID card as well to buy passage. Donnie gets information that Luk escaped to Hong Kong on that ship, and he, Michael, and Madam Yeung fly to Hong Kong, arriving before the ship. When the ship reaches port, the Hong Kong police board it to arrest Luk. Luk flees to the other side of the ship and jumps off onto a cargo dock, then lies atop a giant cargo container as a forklift carries it through the police barrier. Donnie climbs atop a tall stack of cargo containers and sees Luk escape. Luk goes to a phone booth and calls his mother, who lives in Hong Kong, to tell her that he\'s returned and will see her soon. Donnie catches up with him and chases him to a beach, where they fight. Madam Yeung arrives and yells at Donnie to stop beating Luk, finally pointing her gun at him. Donnie knocks her gun into the ocean, and she attacks him. Their fight is broken up by Michael and the Hong Kong police, and Luk is arrested again. Michael, Madam Yeung, and a Hong Kong police officer ride with Luk toward the Hong Kong police station in the back of an ambulance. Madam Yeung interrogates Luk, who tells her that a Seattle police officer attacked him in the station. Michael tries to convince Luk to let him extradite him back to the U.S. Just then a large blue truck pulls up alongside them, and two thugs, one of them played by John Salvitti, jump from it onto the roof of the ambulance. Salvitti swings around and kicks through the driver\'s window, knocking out the driver and taking his place. The other thug throws a gas bomb through the window into the back. The gas knocks out Michael, Luk, and the Hong Kong police officer, but Madam Yeung grabs the ambulance\'s inhaler and uses it to avoid the gas until the thug breaks in through the rear doors. She kicks him out, and he climbs back onto the roof. She climbs up after him, and they fight on the roof of the speeding ambulance. He kicks her off, but she does a 720 degree backflip, kicks through the side windows, and hangs upside down by her feet, her head almost striking the road. She struggles to get back up, but he kicks her down again, and she clings to the ambulance, her dragging feet almost getting sucked under the rear wheels. He climbs down and kicks her repeatedly, but she manages to pull herself up and kick him away, then climb over to the broken driver\'s window and attack Salvitti. Salvitti draws a gun and opens fire at her, and she ends up falling off the front of the ambulance and clinging to the grill, her feet dragging on the road underneath the ambulance. Salvitti speeds forward and attempts to crush her between the ambulance and the rear of the blue truck, but she manages to climb free enough to throw herself out of the way and roll out on the road behind the vehicles as they escape with Luk and Michael as captives. Madam Yeung organizes a Hong Kong police search team for them. Meanwhile, Luk and Michael are tortured by being tied up in a freezer. A thug played by Paul Wong interrogates, beats, and further tortures them, seeking the negative. Michael manages to free himself from his bonds and knock out the thug, then free Luk. Michael tries to convince Luk to give him the negative, and Luk begins to tell him about it, but they\'re interrupted by the arrival of a thug played by Michael Woods. Luk and Michael get separated, and Luk hides in a parked car. Michael meets up with three thugs - John Salvitti, Michael Woods, and Stephan Berwick. It is revealed that he is their boss. Meanwhile, Luk uses his electronics skills to get the car\'s radio working, and he contacts the Hong Kong police headquarters, who locate the signal\'s source and come to rescue him. Then Michael finds Luk and asks for the negative again. Luk tells him that he lost the negative, and he doesn\'t know where, but he saw the murderer of the American cop and could recognize him. Michael surreptitiously reaches for his gun, but just then Madam Yeung and the Hong Kong police arrive. They take Luk back into custody, and Michael declares that he\'s going to extradite him back to the U.S. Madam Yeung drives Luk toward the airport to be flown back to the U.S. On the way, Luk requests to see his mother before leaving. Madam Yeung is reluctantly convinced, and she drives Luk to his mother\'s home, where they have an emotional conversation as Luk and his mother are overjoyed to see each other, but Luk\'s mother is devastated by learning that he is suspected of a crime severe enough to involve U.S. police. They also meet up with Donnie. Madam Yeung, Luk, and Donnie walk outside and are attacked by Salvitti, who rides up on a motorcycle and opens fire with an automatic rifle, shooting Luk in the heart. Madam Leung and Donnie carry Luk and flee. Donnie lures Salvitti away while Madam Leung gets Luk to the nearest hospital. Donnie ambushes Salvitti and fights him. Salvitti is almost a match for him, but Donnie manages to beat him up and arrest him. The next morning, at the hospital, Luk is unconscious but past the most dangerous period and will likely recover. Madam Yeung and Donnie argue, with Donnie accusing Madam Yeung of too much sentimentality, particularly for having let Luk see his mother and thereby exposing him to danger, and Madam Yeung accusing Donnie of too much impulsiveness and egotistical attitude. Then Madam Yeung\'s superior enters the room and berates her for granting Luk\'s request, but Donnie defends her by claiming responsibility for the decision. Afterward she tries to thank him, but he avoids her. Michael meets with the Chinese cocaine dealer and tells him that his cocaine and Michael\'s money were both lost to the police, but he promises revenge. The dealer drives off, accompanied by a tough-looking Caucasian woman . Later, at the Hong Kong police headquarters, Donnie interrogates Salvitti while Madam Yeung and Michael watch. Donnie reveals that Salvitti has a distinctive tattoo on his forearm, which he explains is a sign of the Field Troop of the U.S. Navy – the symbol of Black Fox, Troop 3. According to the Pentagon\'s records, on October 26, 1979, was entirely destroyed in the civil war of Nicaragua, but a suspect killed in this case in the U.S. the previous month also had this tattoo. Salvitti taunts Donnie, who brutally beats him. Salvitti surreptitiously injects himself with a concealed needle and dies, making it look like he died from Donnie\'s beating. Later that day, Michael takes Donnie to the airport, telling him the Hong Kong police complained that Donnie\'s violence caused Salvitti\'s death, so Michael has to transfer him back to Seattle. Donnie tricks Michael into thinking he\'s left, but then doubles back, suspicious. That night, Michael takes Madam Yeung to dinner at a nice restaurant, and the Chinese cocaine dealer plants a bomb under her car. Madam Yeung narrowly avoids the explosion and attacks the dealer, but his female bodyguard drives up and rescues him, and they escape. Later that night, Stephan Berwick rappels down the outside of the hospital and shoots what he thinks is Luk with an automatic rifle through the window, but it\'s a decoy dummy, and the doctors in the room reveal themselves to be disguised Hong Kong policemen, and they draw their guns and return fire. Berwick flees. Madam Yeung sends the officers after him, then goes to the room where Luk actually is and checks up on him. He\'s still unconscious. The room is attacked by Paul Wong, who takes Madam Yeung by surprise and stabs her in the neck with a tranquilizer syringe, then draws a large knife and attacks her as she struggles to stay awake. The doctor tries to interfere, but Paul stabs him to death, cuts Madam Yeung, and knocks her out of the way. He tries to kill the unconscious Luk, but Madam Yeung saves him for a few more seconds. Finally he knocks her back again and she\'s too close to unconsciousness to move, but at the last moment Donnie bursts into the room and attacks Paul. They fight briefly before Donnie kills him. The next morning, Madam Yeung is recuperating in a church along with Donnie and the still-unconscious Luk. She asks him why he didn\'t return to the U.S., and he explains that he felt something was wrong about the death of Salvitti. She knows that he suspects Michael is one of the criminals, but he doesn\'t want to admit it, as they\'re good friends. They argue, but then come to an understanding. Just then Luk wakes and explains all that happened from his perspective. Later that day, Madam Yeung\'s superior orders her to let Michael take Luk back to the U.S. Madam Yeung secretly organizes a Hong Kong police raid of the Chinese drug dealers\' lab, but tells Michael, who comes with her, that they\'re just going to get Luk. They enter the lab, and a huge gunfight breaks out. Madam Yeung pursues the ringleader into a metal stairwell and kills him. His female bodyguard attacks her, and they have a long and brutal fight. Finally the female bodyguard falls down an elevator shaft to her death, despite Madam Yeung\'s last-minute attempt to save her. As a consequence of Madam Yeung\'s insubordinate actions, the Hong Kong police chief is forced to declare her under arrest. However, she hasn\'t returned with Michael. Meanwhile, back at the church, Luk identifies Mr. Robinson to Donnie, who recognizes him as a CIA officer. Madam Yeung goes to Luk\'s mother\'s house. There she is ambushed by Michael Woods and Stephan Berwick, who beat her up and capture her, having already abducted Luk\'s mother. She\'s rescued by the arrival of a Hong Kong police squad, who chase Michael and Stephan away. One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung, but she knocks him out and flees. Donnie confronts Michael about his suspicions. Michael reveals that he is a CIA officer, and that his division, which includes Mr. Robinson, sells drugs to raise money in order to support a Latin American anti-government force, which is in the U.S.\'s political interests. He invites Donnie to join them. Donnie refuses, and Michael reveals a deadly syringe concealed in his shoe and unleashes a flurry of quick, vicious kicks at Donnie, who avoids them all and starts to gain the advantage until Michael draws a gun. Donnie flees on foot into the streets, but the hidden tape on which he recorded Michael\'s confession is destroyed. Michael sees that there was a tape, but doesn\'t realize it\'s broken. Michael sends Woods and Berwick after Donnie on motorcycles. Donnie narrowly avoids them for a brief, stunt-filled chase, and then he jumps up and kicks Berwick off his motorcycle and steals it. A long motorcycle chase and fight ensues between him and Woods throughout the streets, hills, and obstacle-filled back alleys of Hong Kong. Finally Donnie gains the advantage, but Woods escapes. Donnie meets up with Madam Yeung, but Michael has framed Donnie for a crime, and now both of them are pursued by the police in a desperate foot chase through a parking garage. They hide in a car trunk, but are found by the Hong Kong police chief. However, the chief conceals them and lets them go, warning them that he can\'t help them a second time. Back in the church, Donnie, Madam Yeung, and Luk re-convene, and Madam Yeung reveals that Luk\'s mother has been abducted. Luk re-bandages his chest wound and prepares to go rescue her. On Madam Yeung\'s suggestion, they call Michael and offer to trade the incriminating tape for Luk\'s mother. Madam Yeung, Donnie, and Luk walk into Michael\'s building as Michael watches them on a security camera. A steel gate crashes down behind them. They meet with Michael and his sadistic Chinese bodyguard. Donnie throws the tape to Michael, who catches it, then draws a gun to kill them all. Madam Yeung draws a remote trigger switch and declares that the "tape" Michael is holding is a bomb. She makes Michael unload his gun and throw it away, and Luk demands the return of his mother. On Michael\'s order, his bodyguard opens a blind to reveal that Luk\'s mother is hanging from ropes outside a grated window, still alive. Luk charges at the window, but it\'s electrified, and he\'s thrown to the floor, shocked. Using this distraction, Michael leaps forward and attacks Donnie and Madam Leung. Berwick appears and attacks Madam Leung, and Michael focuses on Donnie. Luk gets up and tries to break the electrified window to reach his mother, but the Chinese bodyguard attacks him with skilled kicks. Three simultaneous fights ensue. Donnie kicks Michael down a staircase and pursues him away from the others. The Chinese bodyguard brutally beats the outmatched Luk, reopening his chest wound. Madam Leung and Berwick have an intense back-and-forth fight before she finally kills him with a kick to the throat. The Chinese bodyguard renders Luk all but unconscious and is about to kill him, but Madam Leung intervenes, and a fight begins between her and the bodyguard. She is more than a match for him, and she soon knocks him out. Donnie chases Michael throughout the building, beating him whenever he catches him, until Michael finds a decorative sword and uses it to attack Donnie. Donnie narrowly avoids the blade until Madam Yeung appears with another sword and begins an armed duel with Michael. Donnie climbs to the rooftop to save Luk\'s mother, but finds her guarded by Woods. They have by far the longest and most spectacular fight in the film as Woods pushes Donnie to his uttermost limits, almost killing him multiple times and finally throwing him to the edge of the roof. Finally Donnie manages to knock Woods off the roof and to his death with a flying kick. Luk rescues his mother. Michael defeats Madam Leung in their sword duel, cutting her and knocking her to the floor, stunned. He\'s about to kill her, but Luk saves her and manages to disarm Michael. Michael viciously beats Luk, but Luk\'s mother reloads the gun and saves him with it. Michael disarms her, but Madam Leung recovers and attacks the now unarmed Michael, gaining the advantage. Michael retrieves the tape bomb and its trigger and takes Luk hostage as Madam Leung retrieves the gun. They reach a standoff, but then Madam Leung shoots Michael through the hand, and she and Luk kick him through a glass railing and off a high ledge to his death. In an epilogue, viewers learn that Mr. Robinson was found guilty of drug trafficking and sent to prison.'] ['Los Angeles  cop Chris Kenner  is an American who was raised in Japan. He is given a new partner, Johnny Murata , an American of partial Japanese descent. Kenner does not appreciate American culture, while Johnny does not much like Japanese culture. One thing they both enjoy are the martial arts, of which they are both experts. The two are assigned to L.A.\'s Little Tokyo, where they break up some criminal activity in a Japanese restaurant, and an arrest is made. While Kenner and Johnny are questioning the suspect, Kenner loses his temper and rips the suspect\'s shirt, and the tattoos that Kenner sees on the suspect remind Kenner of when he was 9 years old, a time when he witnessed his parents being killed by a member of the Yakuza. The tattoos are the trademark of the Iron Claw Yakuza clan. However, before Kenner or Murata can get any information out of the suspect, he kills himself in the interrogation room by breaking his own neck. On the other side of town, the leader of the Iron Claw, Yoshida , kills the owner of a popular downtown nightclub called the Bonsai Club by crushing the owner, Tanaka , in a car compactor. To celebrate "gaining" ownership of the Bonsai Club, Yoshida throws a party at his house with all of the club staff. One of the girls at the party, named Angel , is revealed to have warned Tanaka about Yoshida behind his back, and this infuriates Yoshida. Yoshida questions Angel about her loyalty, and she attempts to appease Yoshida by offering her body to him. Yoshida then drugs Angel and strips off her clothes, and then fondles her from behind before beheading her. When the coroner runs an analysis on Angel\'s body, it is revealed that she had a large amount of methamphetamines in her system  which would have led to her death anyway. This discovery of drugs, together with the suspect having Yakuza tattoos, cause Kenner and Johnny to go to the Bonsai Club in search of information. There they meet lounge singer Minako Okeya , who was a good friend of Angel\'s. Before they can get any useful information out of her, they are ambushed and taken to see the nightclub\'s owner—and Kenner recognizes the owner Yoshida as the man who killed his parents. Yoshida is now a drug manufacturer using a local brewery as his distribution center. He uses smaller gangs such as the Hells Angels, Crips and Sureños to peddle the drugs for him, in return for a percentage of the profit. Kenner and Johnny escape from the nightclub. Later that night, Yoshida rapes and kidnaps Minako and vows to kill Kenner. Kenner and Johnny set out for Yoshida\'s heavily guarded home, where they rescue Minako. His pride wounded, Yoshida sends his men out to get Minako back. He has Kenner and Johnny captured and tortured, but Kenner and Johnny manage to escape, and they take on Yoshida and his men in a battle to the death.'] ["Jon Cold  is an ex-CIA agent who's now working for himself and offering his services to the highest bidder. Jon is hired to break James Donovan  out of prison. After the successful break, Jon takes James to see his brother, arms dealer Michael Donovan , the man who hired Jon to break James out. In gratitude, the Donovans hire Jon to help sell the parts for a small nuclear bomb to Nicholi , the leader of a Chechan terrorist group that is planning to blow up Los Angeles because the CIA killed the group's previous leader. Meanwhile, Jon's former protégé, agent Amanda Stuart , is spying on the Donovans for the CIA. The Donovans see her spying on them while they're in the middle of the deal with Nicholi. Jon rescues Amanda and takes Michael hostage. Nicholi really doesn't care what happens to Michael, so that doesn't really work as well as it should have. Jon and Amanda find themselves on the run, trying to keep the Donovans out of the way and stop Nicholi from blowing up the city. Also, Jon has been framed for the killings of some of his former CIA co-workers, so there's a shoot-on-sight directive on his head. It'll be a miracle of Jon can clear his name and keep Los Angeles from getting blown up."] ['While walking home from school, high school students Shō Fukamachi and Mizuki Segawa accidentally discover one of three Bio Booster Armor units stolen from the Chronos Corporation. When Shō and Mizuki are attacked by a Zoanoid, the unit comes into contact with Shō and bonds with him, transforming him into Guyver I and promptly destroying the Zoanoid assailant. Meanwhile, a female Chronos agent named Valcuria acquires a second unit and becomes Guyver II. She then abducts Mizuki in order to challenge Shō for the Guyver I unit.'] ['Two rookie policemen, Dave Greenberg and Rob Hantz, straight out of the NYPD police academy, want to do more than traffic control. They have their own ideas about fighting crime against drug dealers, criminals and corrupt cops in Brooklyn.'] ['A rape victim, comic book artist Lisa Roberts is given the runaround by the New York police. Tired with city life, she heads for the wide open spaces of Arizona. Not long afterward, she is propositioned by lowlife Randall Atkins. She reports this to sympathetic local policeman Steve Smith, who replies matter-of-factly that this is not the first time that Atkins has been accused of a sexual offense. To her amazement, Roberts is later visited by Atkins, who agitatedly warns her not to trust the sweet-natured policeman. Someone is lying about something, and Roberts plainly does not know what to believe. When she finds out, it is nearly too late.'] ['After two archaeologists discover an ancient alien artifact in Africa, they must run for their lives from both the unstoppable guardian and protector that awakens as a result, and their greedy, madman employer, both of whom want the artifact.'] ["Colonel Sam Trautman returns to Thailand to once again enlist the help of Vietnam veteran John J. Rambo. After witnessing Rambo win a stick fighting match, Trautman visits Rambo at a Buddhist temple under construction and asks Rambo to join him on a resupply mission for mujahideen rebels in Afghanistan. Despite showing him photos of civilians suffering under Soviet military intervention, Rambo refuses and Trautman proceeds with the mission. Soviet forces ambush Trautman's convoy, capture him, and send him to a mountain base to be interrogated by Colonel Zaysen and his henchman Kourov. Rambo learns of Trautman's capture from embassy field officer Robert Griggs and convinces the official to take him through a clandestine operation. Rambo immediately flies to Peshawar, Pakistan and coerces arms supplier Mousa Ghanin to bring him to Khost, a village in the North-West Frontier which is actually close to the Soviet base where Trautman is jailed. The mujahideen in the village, led by chieftain Masoud, are already hesitant to help Rambo in the first place, but are definitely convinced not to help him when their village is attacked by Soviet helicopters after one of Mousa's shop assistants tips off the Soviets. Aided only by Mousa and a young boy named Hamid, Rambo makes his way to the Soviet base and starts his plan to free Trautman. The first attempt is unsuccessful and Hamid and Rambo are wounded in the process. After escaping from the base, Rambo tends to Hamid's wounds and sends him and Mousa away to safety, before cauterizing his own wound. Rambo recovers and infiltrates the base again the following day, just in time to rescue Trautman from being tortured with a flamethrower. He and Trautman rescue several other prisoners and hijacks a Hind helicopter to escape the base. However, the helicopter is damaged as it departs and soon crashes, forcing Rambo and Trautman to continue on foot. Zaysen sends Kourov and a Spetsnaz team against the two, who easily eliminate them in a cave. As Rambo and Trautman try to make their way to Pakistan, Zaysen blocks them with a large mechanized force and orders them to surrender. However, Masoud's mujahideen forces attack the Soviets in a cavalry charge. In the ensuing battle, in which both Trautman and John are wounded, Rambo manages to kill Zaysen by driving a tank into the Soviet colonel's helicopter. Rambo survives the explosion and gets out of the tank. At the end of the battle, Rambo and Trautman say goodbye to their mujahideen friends and leave Afghanistan to go home."] ['The appearance of an unknown "missile-like" object in nearby space leads a European nation  to fire a rocket at it. Though the rocket intercepts the unidentified object, the explosion only diverts the missile into an orbit around the Earth. Racing five miles above the earth, its passage causes widespread devastation of the land below. Meanwhile, at the Havenbrook Atomic Laboratory in suburban New York City, Dr. David Loring and his assistant Joan Woods are preparing for their wedding later that day. Though both are in love, David is deeply committed to his work on a hydrogen warhead for the new "Jove" rocket, so much so that it has interfered with previous attempts at a wedding. Leaving work to go ring shopping, David\'s irritation with time spent on it leads Joan to accuse him of prioritizing work over their relationship, and she calls off the marriage. With the missile blazing its path of destruction, a radar station on the DEW Line picks up its approach to the North American continent. Though a patrol jet diverted to intercept the missile is destroyed by the intense heat of its drive, the pilot captures a picture of it that is then transmitted to "Conad", Continental Air Defense Command. An alert mobilizes jets from the Royal Canadian Air Force, which are unable to shoot it down and are destroyed in the attempt. With the missile projected to fly over New York City, the U.S. military orders a full mobilization. The U.S. and Canadian authorities implement civil defense procedures, preparing the cities of New York and Ottawa for the imminent passage of the missile. As Havenbrook is being evacuated, David realizes that he can use the Jove rocket to get through the missile\'s intense heat to destroy it, using the fission bomb "trigger" from the incomplete hydrogen warhead. While he works to prepare the plutonium for the bomb, the government orders a full evacuation of New York City. Further efforts by conventional forces to destroy the missile prove unsuccessful, and Ottawa is destroyed as it flies overhead. As David and Joan race the nuclear core to the missile base, they are attacked by a group of young thugs who steal their jeep with the core inside. David and Joan chase after them, only to find the jeep alongside the road and the men dead from radiation poisoning after having opened the lead-lined box with the plutonium core. Knowing that exposure is fatal, David grabs the box and drives the core to the waiting rocket, loading it into the warhead before dying. The rocket is then launched, intercepting the missile over Lake Champlain and destroying it.'] [" James Bond is driving from Lago di Garda to Siena, Italy, with the captured Mr. White in the boot of his car. After evading pursuers, Bond and M interrogate White regarding his organisation, Quantum. M's bodyguard, Mitchell, a double agent, attacks M, enabling White to escape. Bond chases Mitchell and kills him. Bond and M return to London and search Mitchell's flat, discovering through tagged banknotes that Mitchell had a contact in Haiti. Bond tracks the contact, Edmund Slate, and learns that Slate is a hitman sent to kill Camille Montes at the behest of her lover, environmentalist Dominic Greene. While observing her subsequent meeting with Greene, Bond learns that Greene is helping an exiled Bolivian General, Medrano—who murdered Camille's family—to overthrow his government in exchange for a seemingly barren piece of desert. After rescuing Camille from Medrano, Bond follows Greene to a performance of Tosca in Bregenz, Austria. En route, the CIA head of the South American section, Gregg Beam, strikes a non-interference deal with Greene to maintain access to assumed stocks of Bolivian oil. Bond infiltrates Quantum's meeting at the opera, and a gunfight ensues. A Special Branch bodyguard of Quantum member Guy Haines, an advisor to the British Prime Minister, is killed while in combat with Bond, and M—after Bond refuses to obey orders to return home and debrief—has his passports and credit cards revoked. Bond convinces his old ally René Mathis to accompany him to Bolivia. At the La Paz airport, they are greeted by Strawberry Fields, an MI6 officer, who demands that Bond return to the UK immediately; nonetheless, Bond soon seduces her before they attend a party Greene holds that night. At the party, Bond again rescues Camille from Greene. Leaving, Bond and Camille are pulled over by Bolivian police working for Medrano. They had earlier attacked Mathis and put him in the boot of Bond's car to frame Bond; and, in the ensuing struggle, Mathis is killed. The following day, Bond and Camille survey Quantum's intended land acquisition by air; their plane is shot down after a brief air battle and they skydive out of the burning plane into a sinkhole. In the cave, Bond and Camille discover Quantum is damming Bolivia's supply of fresh water to create a monopoly. Back in La Paz, Bond meets M and learns that Quantum murdered Fields by drowning her in crude oil. M orders Bond arrested for disobeying orders but he escapes. He risks capture by doubling back to tell M that Fields demonstrated bravery in the field, and this is enough to convince M that Bond can be trusted. Bond meets with CIA agent Felix Leiter, who discloses Greene and Medrano will meet in the Atacama Desert to finalise the coup. Warned by Leiter, he evades the CIA's Special Activities Division when they attempt to kill him. At the hotel, Greene and Medrano negotiate their terms. Greene then finally reveals his true plans: now that he controls the majority of Bolivia's water supply, Greene forces Medrano to accept a new contract that makes Greene Planet Bolivia's sole water utility company at significantly higher rates. Bond infiltrates the hotel, kills the Chief of Police for betraying Mathis, and confronts Greene. The hotel is destroyed during the ensuing struggle; Camille kills Medrano, avenging the murders of her parents and sister, and Bond captures Greene. After interrogating him about Quantum, Bond leaves Greene stranded in the middle of the desert with only a can of engine oil. Bond and Camille kiss before they part. Bond travels to Kazan, Russia, where he finds Vesper Lynd's former lover, Yusef Kabira, with a new target, a Canadian agent. Yusef is a member of Quantum who seduces women with valuable connections. Bond decides not to kill Yusef and allows MI6 to arrest him. Outside, M tells Bond that Greene was found in the middle of the desert dead, shot twice and with engine oil in his stomach; Bond denies knowing anything. M also reveals that Leiter has been promoted and has taken Beam's place. She reinstates Bond as an agent; he tells M that he never left. As he leaves, he drops Vesper's necklace in the snow."] ['Uncle Feng, an experienced policeman, lives a quiet and beautiful life in Tung Ping Chau. One day, the old lady living next door comes to ask him to go to Hong Kong Island to return the body of her daughter, a stewardess killed by the police after being suspected of being a drug smuggler. Feng finds that the "stewardess" had actually been killed before her return to Hong Kong. She had been turned into a "living corpse", and is being controlled by a Japanese magician for smuggling. With Feng\'s supernatural skills and detective techniques, they finally find the location of the secret altar of the Japanese magician.'] ['John Rambo  is a former member of an elite United States Army Special Forces unit, who is awarded the Medal of Honor for his service in the Vietnam War. Now in December 1981, Rambo is searching for one of his friends from his unit, Delmar Berry, and soon learns that he has died from cancer due to Agent Orange exposure. Although not yet revealed to the audience, Rambo knows he is now the last surviving member of his unit. The scene cuts to Rambo entering the fictional small town of Hope, Washington  on foot. With his long hair and military-style coat, he is quickly spotted by the town\'s overzealous and overprotective sheriff, Will Teasle , who decides that Rambo is a "drifter" and drives him out of town in his police car. Rambo immediately heads back towards town, angering Teasle, who arrests him. At the station, Rambo stays silent and refuses to cooperate with the deputies. Led by Art Galt , Teasle\'s cruel head deputy and closest friend, they respond by bullying and harassing him. While being processed, Rambo has flashbacks to his time as a prisoner of war. When Galt and two other officers, Ward  and Mitch  attempt to dry-shave him with a straight razor, Rambo has a flashback to being tortured in a North Vietnamese P.O.W. Camp and finally snaps. He overpowers the three officers in the room and fights his way out of the station, assaulting most of the deputies and throwing one out of a window. Once outside he steals a motorcycle from a civilian and is pursued into the nearby mountains. The deputies are eventually forced to search for Rambo on foot and he climbs down onto a steep cliff to elude capture. After spotting Rambo from a helicopter, Galt blatantly disregards protocol and attempts to shoot him in cold blood. Rambo drops into a mass of trees and, while cornered, throws a rock at the helicopter which pitches, and Galt falls to his death. Teasle, who had not seen Galt\'s attempt to kill Rambo, vows to avenge his friend\'s death.  Rambo is unable to persuade the deputies that Galt\'s death was an accident, and Teasle leads his deputies into the woods in an attempt to capture him. The deputies are inexperienced and bicker, particularly after learning over the radio about Rambo\'s combat experience and status as a war hero. Rambo quickly disables the small, disorganized team using guerrilla tactics and booby traps, severely wounding but not killing the deputies; he also kills their three tracking dogs. In the chaos, Rambo isolates and confronts Teasle with a knife to the throat. "Don\'t push it...or I\'ll give you a war you won\'t believe. Let it go!" he warns before disappearing into the woods. A base camp is assembled near the site, and the State Patrol and National Guard are called in. United States Special Forces Colonel Sam Trautman  arrives, explaining that he trained Rambo, and that the Army sent him to "rescue" them. Aware of Rambo\'s capabilities, he urges Teasle to let Rambo go and find him once the situation has calmed down; Teasle refuses. Rambo is eventually cornered by the National Guard in a mine entrance. The novice guardsmen fire a M72 LAW rocket at him, collapsing the entrance and trapping him inside. They assume Rambo is dead. Unbeknownst to his pursuers, Rambo has escaped into the tunnels of the mine. Rambo finds some old fuel and makes an improvised torch with a wood stick whose end is wrapped in layers of canvas. After wading through waist‑deep water and fighting off rats, Rambo cleverly uses the flame of the torch  to find an escape. Rambo hijacks a passing Army cargo truck and is chased by a police car. He rams the car into an abandoned car, which explodes and overturns it. Rambo returns to town, crashing it into a gas station. He blocks the highway to anyone in pursuit by igniting the spilled fuel, also destroying the stolen truck. Armed with an M60 machine gun, Rambo destroys a sporting goods shop and a few other businesses in an attempt to confuse Teasle and identify his position before spotting him on the roof of the police station. Rambo carefully enters the police station. Aware of Teasle\'s presence on the roof, Rambo darts under the skylight to draw fire so that Teasle\'s exact location is revealed. Teasle immediately fires at Rambo, and Rambo then observes Teasle\'s position. Rambo returns fire through the ceiling with the M60, injuring Teasle, who then falls through the skylight onto the floor. Rambo steps over him, prepared to kill him. Before Rambo can shoot Teasle, Colonel Trautman appears and tells him that there is no hope of escaping alive. Rambo, now surrounded by the police, rages about the horrors of war. He weeps as he recounts a particularly gruesome story about witnessing his friend dying by having his legs blown off by a booby-trapped shoeshine box planted by a Viet Cong child operative. Realizing he has nothing left to live for, Rambo then turns himself in to Trautman and is arrested while Teasle is taken to the hospital. The credits roll as Rambo and Trautman exit the police station.'] ['A sadistic serial killer calling himself "Scorpio" ([[Andrew Robinson  murders a young woman in a San Francisco swimming pool, using a high-powered rifle from a nearby rooftop. SFPD Inspector Harry Callahan  finds a ransom message demanding the city pay him $100,000. Scorpio also promises that for each day that the city refuses his demand, he will commit a murder, and his next victim will be "a Catholic priest or a nigger". The chief of police and the Mayor  assign the inspector to the case, though the Mayor is reluctant because of an incident involving the shooting of a naked man chasing a woman with a butcher knife by Callahan the previous year in the city\'s Fillmore District. While in a local diner, Callahan sees a bank robbery in progress and, alone with his revolver, he kills two of the robbers and wounds a third, challenging the man lying near a loaded shotgun: {{quote}} After the robber surrenders, he tells Callahan that he must know if the gun was still loaded. Callahan dry fires the weapon while pointed directly at the robber, and then laughs after revealing it to be empty. He had taken a burst of gunfire in his leg, so later he meets a police doctor who treats the injury; the police doctor references that he is from Callahan\'s home district, Potrero Hill. Assigned a rookie partner, Chico Gonzalez , Callahan complains that he needs someone experienced because his partners keep getting injured or worse. When Scorpio kills a young black boy from another rooftop, the police believe the killer will next pursue a Catholic priest. Callahan and Gonzalez wait for Scorpio near a Catholic church where a shootout ensues, but Scorpio escapes, killing a police officer disguised as a priest. Scorpio kidnaps, rapes, and buries alive a teenage girl, then demands twice his previous ransom before the girl\'s air runs out. The mayor decides to pay, and tells Callahan to deliver the money with no tricks, but the inspector wears a wire, brings a knife, and has his partner follow him. As Scorpio sends Callahan to various payphones throughout the city to make sure he is alone, the chase ends at Mount Davidson. Scorpio brutally beats Callahan and tells him he\'d decided to let the girl die anyway; Gonzalez comes to his partner\'s rescue but is wounded. Callahan stabs Scorpio in the leg, but the killer escapes without the money. Gonzalez survives his wound, but decides to resign from the force at the urging of his wife. The doctor who treated Scorpio phones the police and tells Callahan and his new partner, Frank DiGiorgio , that he has seen Scorpio in Kezar Stadium. Running out of time, the officers break into the stadium and Callahan shoots Scorpio in his wounded leg. When Scorpio refuses to reveal the location of the girl and demands a lawyer, Callahan tortures the killer by standing on the wounded leg. Scorpio confesses, but the police are too late to save the girl. Because Callahan searched Scorpio\'s home without a warrant and improperly seized his rifle, the District Attorney decides that the killer cannot be charged. An outraged Callahan, warning that Scorpio will kill again because of the excitement that killing gives him, follows Scorpio on his own time. Scorpio pays a thug to give him a severe, but controlled beating, then claims the inspector is responsible. Despite his protests to the contrary, Callahan is ordered to stop following Scorpio. After killing a liquor store owner, Scorpio kidnaps a school bus load of children and demands another ransom and a plane to leave the country. The Mayor again insists on paying but when offered to deliver the ransom again, Callahan angrilly refuses. Despite a heated warning from the Mayor, Callahan instead pursues Scorpio without authorization, jumping onto the top of the bus from a railroad trestle. The bus crashes into a dirt embankment and Scorpio flees into a nearby rock quarry, where he has a running gun battle with Callahan. Scorpio keeps running until he spots a young boy sitting near a pond, and grabs him as a hostage. The inspector feigns surrender, but fires, wounding Scorpio in his left shoulder. The boy runs away and Callahan stands over Scorpio, gun drawn. The inspector reprises his "Do you feel lucky, punk?" speech. Scorpio lunges for his gun, and Callahan shoots him in the chest, propelling Scorpio into the water. As Callahan watches the dead body float on the surface, he takes out his inspector\'s badge; after contemplating what will happen to him as a result of his actions, he hurls it into the water, before walking away.'] ['During the worst recorded rainstorm in the history of the Midwestern United States, armored truck drivers Tom  and his uncle Charlie  are collecting the money from the local banks affected by the rising flood waters. In the small town of Huntingburg, Indiana, which has been evacuated, Tom and Charlie drive into a ditch and become stuck, and Charlie calls dispatch to alert the National Guard. They are then ambushed by Jim  and his gang of armed robbers, Kenny , Mr Mehlor  and Ray ([[Ricky Harris . Kenny accidentally shoots Charlie dead, as Tom gets away with the $3 million in cash and hides it in a cemetery. After being chased through the local Middle School by the gang now travelling with a boat and jet skis, Tom takes refuge in a nearby church. He is knocked out and wakes up in a cell at the local Sheriff\'s office. Tom tells the local sheriff Mike Collig  about the gang and the area he hid the money, although he keeps him locked up. He and his Deputy Wayne  then leave to investigate, whilst another officer Phil  is ordered to take Karen , the woman who knocked Tom out and is currently restoring the church, out of town. In protest, she pushes Phil out of the boat so she will be able to fill the water pumps at her church. The town\'s dam continues to experience huge pressure from the rain and the operator Hank  is forced to open another levee. This causes another huge burst of water to stream through the town, resulting in even worse flooding, especially at the church. Tom wakes in his cell, trapped as the Sheriff\'s building slowly fills up with water. After filling the pumps at the church, Karen returns and saves him by opening the light fitting on the roof for him to escape. They are then spotted by the gang, and hide before having to get out of the water because a nearby transformer is going to blow. Kenny grabs Tom and they both fall in the water, but Tom fights him off before Kenny is electrocuted and later dies. Tom and Karen enter a nearby house, only to discover locals Doreen  and Henry Sears  who believe they are looters. After explaining their story, Henry decides to give Tom their boat so he can return to the armored truck. When he resurfaces from the now submerged truck, he finds Jim and the gang holding the elderly couple hostage. Tom forces Jim to let them go so he\'ll show them where the money is. On the way to the cemetery, Jim reveals to Tom that the National Guard were never coming because Charlie was actually calling the gang, and was in an alliance with them. He was only killed because Kenny was never told Charlie was on their side. Jim then sends Tom to retrieve the money but finds it has gone. When the gang are about to shoot him in anger, they are all ambushed by Sheriff Collig and his deputies, who have found Karen, and the money. The Sheriff now doesn\'t care any more about justice and intends to keep the money, splitting it between himself, Wayne, Phil and Hank, who has now joined them from the dam. Mr. Mehlor and Ray are killed in the shoot out, and Jim and Tom escape in a boat, finding sanctuary in the church. Wayne, not wanting any witnesses left, takes Karen back to her house, and handcuffs her to the banister, with an intention of raping her and leaving her to drown. The others try to force Tom and Jim out by throwing molotov cocktails on the roof, but they fail, and instead drive into the church through the stained glass windows. At Karen\'s house, Karen manages to stab Wayne with her pocketknife, killing him. In the church, a shoot out occurs where at one point Tom and Phil come face to face, but Phil cannot bring himself to shoot him. Hank then shoots Phil, thinking he\'s a coward. The alarm from the dam saying it is overflowed suddenly sounds. Offering a deal, the sheriff says he\'ll tell Tom and Jim where Karen is, if they let Hank and himself go with a couple of the moneybags. Tom agrees, yet Jim does not. A dying Phil then tells Tom where Karen is, and Tom then leaves to try to save her. Jim goes to leave with the money in the sheriff\'s boat, but the sheriff shoots Jim with a revolver he was hiding, wounding his shoulder. Sheriff Collig and Hank escape in a boat and, when they are forced to go faster to avoid the wave engulfing the town, the Sheriff pushes Hank out of the boat, who tries to swim to safety, but is caught in a gas explosion and dies. Tom arrives at Karen\'s house, to find her handcuffed to the banister. He first tries to free her with a saw, but it breaks, and he instead uses Wayne\'s gun. The water is so high now they have to get onto the roof and are then caught by Sheriff Collig. Jim, who managed to escape from the church, comes from behind them in a boat. The Sheriff shoots at him, disabling the steering, forcing him to go over the roof. As he does so, the outboard breaks off and collides with the sheriff, knocking him into the water. However, he is not dead, and tries to shoot Karen and grab a moneybag, but Tom and Jim manage to shoot him dead. Tom tells Jim he should leave, just as the State Police arrive. Jim picks up the Sheriff\'s moneybag and rows away, as Tom tells Karen the fire damage to her church wasn\'t too bad, and "was probably why they felt safe enough to drive their boats through the stained glass windows".'] ['Vince Majestyk  is a former U. S. Army Ranger instructor and Vietnam War veteran who now owns a remote watermelon farm in rural Colorado. He needs to harvest his crop in order to keep the farm financially solvent. A small-time hoodlum, Bobby Kopas , attempts to coerce Majestyk into a protection racket of using unskilled drunks to harvest his watermelon crop. Majestyk runs Kopas off  and instead hires skilled Mexican migrant workers, including Nancy Chavez , with whom Majestyk begins a relationship. Kopas brings assault charges against him, however, causing Majestyk to be arrested and taken to the local jail. There he meets Frank Renda , a notorious mob hit man being transferred to a higher-security prison. Renda\'s men try to break him out of police custody during a prisoner movement in a bus. In the escape attempt, Majestyk drives off in the bus with Renda still in handcuffs. Majestyk plans on trading Renda back to the police so that he can finish his harvest. Renda offers a fortune  for his freedom but Majestyk just wants to get back to his melons. With the help of his lawyer girlfriend Wiley , Renda escapes from Majestyk. He meets up with his right-hand man Lundy and plans his revenge on Majestyk. The violent Renda is advised to fly to Mexico to elude a police dragnet looking for him, but he is blinded by his desire for revenge. He tells his men to find the "melon picker" so that he can have the satisfaction of killing him personally. Rather than being afraid, Majestyk turns the tables. He sets a trap at Renda\'s cabin hideout. Renda betrays his own men, leading to Lundy\'s death and to Kopas being captured, prior to a final showdown between Majestyk and Renda.'] ['Liu Siu-jian , a Chinese intelligence agent, is sent to Paris to help apprehend Chinese mob boss Mr. Big , who is involved in heroin smuggling. He meets Inspector Jean-Pierre Richard , a corrupt and violent French police detective, at a hotel. Richard tricks Liu into believing he is simply providing reconnaissance of a meet involving Mr. Big. The plans are changed when Mr. Big is introduced to two prostitutes, one being Jessica Kamen , an American woman, who takes him to his room to service him. While Liu and the rest were watching through the surveillance camera, Mr. Big kicks everyone out except for the two prostitutes. While a prostitute is on top of Mr. Big, she attempts to murder him. Overseeing the events from a surveillance room, Liu rushes to stop the killing, but Richard enters shortly later to shoot Mr. Big and the prostitute with Liu\'s police-issued handgun, framing Liu for the murders. Realizing he has been set up, Liu manages to escape from the hotel with a surveillance tape showing Richard shooting Mr. Big. Chinese liaisons are sent to France after the events to investigate the matter, as Richard makes Liu the primary suspect. However, the liaisons do not believe the story Richard provides. Liu manages to contact one of the liaisons, in an attempt to pass on the tape to reveal the truth. Due to French police surveillance, the meet between the liaison and Liu is spotted, and the liaison is assassinated. During Liu\'s escape, he loses the tape in the chaos, and is forced to maintain a low profile. As he considers his situation, he meets Jessica, whose daughter was kidnapped by Richard to force her into prostitution. Liu discovers Jessica was the second prostitute at the hotel during the night of Mr. Big\'s murder. He realizes she can prove his innocence, but she refuses to go without her retrieving her daughter, Isabel. Liu decides the tape would provide the best evidence, and sends Jessica to Richard\'s office to steal the tape. Jessica manages to get the tape, so Liu and Jessica head to an orphanage where Isabel is kept. However, Richard anticipates this move after discovering Jessica has stolen the tape, and ambushes the couple at the orphanage. During their escape, Jessica is shot in the chest. Liu manages to get her to the hospital in time, and becomes driven to retrieve her daughter. Liu arrives at the police station where Richard is holding Isabel hostage, and fights his way through Richard\'s henchmen to his office. Once at the office, Liu rescues Isabel, getting shot by Richard in the process. To save Isabel, Liu kills Richard by sticking an acupuncture needle into the back of his neck in a forbidden location known as the "kiss of the dragon," which stimulates all the body\'s blood to travel to the brain to cause a painful death via a brain aneurysm. Liu survives the gunshot wound, and returns Jessica\'s daughter back to her mother.'] ["The story begins in the mountains of Bavaria, Germany, where wildlife documentarian Ernest Helms  is filming local wildlife. While filming, he discovers a man attempting to break into his rental car. After foiling the man's attempt, Helms prepares to drive away but is thwarted by the man smashing the driver's window. Helms, however, succeeds in escaping the crazed man, but receives a minor cut on his hand. A few days later, in Frankfurt, Germany, Captain James Holland , amidst preparations for his forthcoming transatlantic flight as Captain of Quantum Airlines Flight 66, is told by his doctor he does not have cancer. On board Flight 66, a Boeing 747, Helms  is assisted to his seat by flight attendant Brenda Hopkins . Shortly after takeoff, Helms rises from his seat and falls into cardiac arrest, and Brenda gives him CPR. Head flight attendant Barb Rollins  notifies Holland of the emergency, and the Captain and his check pilot, Daniel Robb ([[Richard Lawson  set a course for London's Heathrow Airport,. However they are turned away when British Air-Traffic Control informs them that one of the passengers  could be infected with a deadly strain of influenza. Several harrowing events follow. The President  unsuccessfully tries to sneak Flight 66 into RAF Mildenhall, disguised as a USAF fighter plane and guided in by another, despite a recommendation otherwise by U.S. Secretary of State Lee Lancaster , but the British forces at the base jam the runway with emergency vehicles. Holland threatens to land anyway, only to pull up at the last minute, showing the U.S. Government how desperate the situation is. Soon thereafter, an investigation is set in motion by the Central Intelligence Agency. Flight 66 lands at the U.S. air base in Iceland, but one passenger is so distraught at being separated from her child and at being in quarantine that she runs down the airplane stairs and is shot and killed by U.S. troops in MOPP gear. Holland flies the aircraft toward Mali, but a female intelligence agent warns Holland that an assassin is trying to destroy the flight. Holland tricks the assassin  into crashing and lands on Ascension Island. The book mentions that the virus becomes less lethal and enters the human population. The movie indicates that the flight attendant who gave Helms CPR died a year after the incident, presumably from the virus."] ['A joint mission of the American FBI and the Russian MVD leads to the death of the younger brother of an Azerbaijani mobster . In retaliation, the mobster hires an enigmatic assassin known only by the pseudonym "The Jackal"  to kill an unseen target. Meanwhile, the MVD capture one of the mobster\'s henchmen. During interrogation by torture, the henchman reveals the name "Jackal." This coupled with the documents recovered from the henchman\'s briefcase lead the FBI and MVD to assume the target for the retaliatory hit is FBI Director Donald Brown . As the Jackal begins his preparations for the assassination &mdash; utilising a series of disguises and stolen IDs in the process &mdash; the FBI learns of one person who can identify him. FBI Deputy Director Carter Preston  and Russian Police Major Valentina Koslova  turn to a former Irish Republican Army sniper named Declan Mulqueen , who had a relationship with a Basque Separatist named Isabella Zanconia , who they believe can identify The Jackal. Mulqueen eventually agrees to help in exchange for their best efforts to get him released from prison. It becomes apparent that Mulqueen has a personal motive for hunting the Jackal: the assassin wounded Zanconia while she was pregnant with Mulqueen\'s child, causing a miscarriage. Zanconia provides information that can help identify the Jackal, including the fact that he is American and that he had acquired military training in El Salvador. Meanwhile, the Jackal hires gunsmith Ian Lamont  to design and build a mount for the weapon he intends to use for the assassination. Underestimating the danger posed by the Jackal, Lamont demands more money in exchange for keeping quiet; The Jackal responds by brutally murdering Lamont using the very equipment Lamont built. The FBI discovers Lamont\'s body and, with the help of Mulqueen, deduce that the Jackal intends to utilise a long-range heavy machine gun for the assassination. With the help of a Russian mole in the FBI, the Jackal realizes he is being tracked by Mulqueen with assistance from Zanconia, he infiltrates Zanconia\'s house after receiving an FBI access code from his insider. Instead of Zanconia, however, he finds Koslova and Agent Witherspoon , promptly killing Witherspoon and mortally wounding Koslova. The Jackal gives Koslova a taunting message regarding Mulqueen &mdash; "He can\'t protect his women" &mdash; which she delivers to Mulqueen moments before her death. As the Jackal makes his final preparations, Mulqueen realizes that his target is not Brown, but the First Lady , who is due to give a major public speech. Arriving just in time, Mulqueen successfully disables the Jackal\'s weapon, while Preston saves the First Lady from a volley of gunfire. The Jackal attempts to escape into the subway, eventually having Mulqueen at his mercy; unbeknownst to the Jackal, however, Mulqueen has summoned Zanconia, who along with Mulqueen shoots the assassin dead. A few days later, Preston and Mulqueen stand as the only witnesses to the Jackal\'s burial in an unmarked grave. Preston reveals that he is going back to Russia to pursue the mobsters who hired the Jackal. It is revealed that Mulqueen\'s request to be released was denied, but that he will likely be moved to a minimum security prison. Preston\'s heroics in saving the First Lady have made him a golden boy in the FBI: he can now "screw everything else up for the rest of his life and still be untouchable," which he credits Mulqueen for. After exchanging a farewell, and knowing his current clout will prevent any real backlash against him, Preston turns his back on Mulqueen, allowing him to go free.'] ["Joshua Lazarus  is a telepath who has been raised in an NSA foster home. Lazarus helps the government by using his abilities. He is told by the agency that the telepathy is a side effect of Widmann's Disease, and that he will become insane in time and eventually die from the illness. However, Lazarus meets a woman with similar powers  who does not have any sign of the disease, launching Lazarus to confront the lies he has been told.{{cite news}}"] ["Mike Kells is assigned by the State Department to fly to Salzburg and meet his old friend Sam Carew, who will pass a top-secret document to him. A passenger on the plane, Joan Ross, takes a liking to Mike and expresses a desire to see him again. Carew ignores him because he is apparently being tailed by two men. Mike boards the same plane and sits near a woman Sam seems to know. In a tunnel, Mike is shocked to see the two men throw Carew's body off the train. Col. Cagle and Sgt. Guelvada of the U.S. Army tersely interrogate Mike as to what went wrong. They believe the woman's involved and order him to travel to Trieste to find her. Guelvada goes along. She is identified as Janine Betki, a singer and a possible Russian agent. Mike goes to a club where she once performed. He runs into Joan there instead. And after a strange man slips Mike some information, the man and Mike are both nearly run down by a car. Janine is located and explains to Mike that she not only worked with Carew but loved him. But the colonel insists Janine is a double agent. Joan then contacts Mike and claims a sniper tried to kill her. But after he leaves, it is Joan who is revealed to be the Russian agent. Mike deduces that Carew hid microfilm in a wristwatch. He retrieves it, only to have Joan try to take it from him at gunpoint. In the end, though, Mike prevails, then arranges for the document and also Janine to get safe passage to America."] ["Joseph Rearden , an agent of British Intelligence arrives in London and makes a rendezvous with Mackintosh , the head of his organisation in a discreet office located just off Trafalgar Square. Mackintosh and his deputy, Mrs Smith , inform him of a simple way to steal diamonds which are transported via the post service to avoid attention. This he does, apparently getting successfully away after punching a postman, and making off with the diamond-filled parcel. However, that evening, in his hotel room he is paid a visit by two Metropolitan Police detectives who have received an anonymous phone call advising them about the robbery. They are unconvinced by Rearden's pretence to be an innocent Australian who had recently arrived in London. The Judge at his trial is angered by the failure to recover the stolen diamonds from Rearden, who he believes has stashed them away somewhere, and sentences him to twenty years in jail. Rearden is shipped off to a bleak prison in the North of England. He slowly begins to blend in with the other prisoners, and is assigned to laundry-washing duties. A few days after entering he encounters Slade , a former British spy who has been exposed as a KGB mole, who is being kept in high security. He makes innocent enquiries of his fellow inmates about Slade - but not a great deal is known about him. A few weeks after his entry into prison, he is approached by a well-spoken inmate who offers to act as a go-between with an organisation that can spring him from the prison in exchange for a large cut of the stolen diamonds. They are used to helping prisoners escape, and have another exit planned shortly which he can join if he is prepared to put up the money - to which he agrees. Two days later a diversion is arranged, and smoke bombs are hurled over the walls. Using the smokescreen Rearden and a fellow prisoner, who turns out to be Slade, are lifted over the walls by a cargo net and then driven away at high speed. They are then drugged by a needle injection and taken to a secret location - somewhere in wild, deserted countryside. When Slade and Rearden wake up they are told that they will be kept there for a week until the man hunt for them dies down. In London Mackintosh discreetly monitors the progress of Rearden. His entry into prison has been a planned sting operation to smoke out the organisation. It is now intended that they will be raided, rounded up and Slade returned to prison. Following a speech attacking the handling of the Slade escape by an old friend and war comrade, Sir George Wheeler MP  in the House of Commons Mackintosh approaches him and advises him it would be better to remain silent or risk embarrassing himself. Wheeler, however, despite masquerading as a staunchly patriotic right-winger, is in fact a Communist and an agent of the KGB. He immediately tips off the head of the organisation where Rearden is being held. Mackintosh had in fact suspected Wheeler, and had used their meeting to try and flush him out. Before he can act, he is deliberately run down by a car, and dies soon afterwards. Rearden now falls under suspicion where is being held, and they now began to doubt his claims to be an Australian criminal, beating him violently and savaging him with a guard dog. He manages to eventually fight back and escape the building, setting it on fire. He makes out across country - pursued by his guards and the dog. He is finally forced to drown the dog in a stream to throw his assailants off the scent. He then makes it to a nearby town, where he discovers he is on the West Coast of Ireland and has been apparently staying on the estate of a close friend of Sir George Wheeler. He contacts Mrs Smith in London, who flies to meet him in Galway. Realising that Slade has been smuggled out of Ireland on the private yacht of Wheeler, they now head to Valletta, Malta, where Wheeler is now heading. Once there, they try and infiltrate one of Wheeler's parties and discover the whereabouts of Slade. Wheeler soon recognises Mrs Smith  and drugs her and takes her inside the boat. Rearden tries to get the Maltese police to raid the boat, but they refuse to believe so respected a man as Wheeler could be involved in kidnapping and treason, and instead they move to arrest Rearden - who is still a wanted man for his earlier faked diamond robbery. Rearden is again forced to flee, but he manages to follow Wheeler to a temple where he is holding Slade. He pulls a gun on them, and orders them to hand over Slade. Presented with a Mexican Standoff, Wheeler and Slade try and persuade Rearden to let them go unharmed, in return for which they will also spare him and Mrs Smith. Reluctantly Rearden agrees. Mrs Smith takes up a gun and shoots Slade and Wheeler, avenging the murder of her father. She has fulfilled her orders, and bitterly abandons Rearden - angry at the way he has not followed his."] ["Frank Martin  has relocated from southern France to Miami, Florida. As a favor, he becomes a temporary chauffeur for the wealthy Billings family. The marriage of Jefferson  and Audrey Billings  is under great strain due to the demands of his high profile government job. Frank bonds with their son, Jack , whom he drives to and from elementary school in his new Audi A8 W12.{{cite web}} Later, a somewhat drunk Audrey shows up at Frank's home and tries to seduce him, but he tactfully sends her home. Frank prepares for the arrival of Inspector Tarconi , his detective friend from France, who has come to spend his holiday in Florida with Frank. When Frank takes Jack for a medical checkup, he realizes barely in time that impostors have killed and replaced the doctor and receptionist. A lengthy fight erupts between villains, led by Lola , and the unarmed Frank. Frank is able to escape with Jack, but just as they arrive at Jack's house, he receives a phone call informing him he and Jack are in the sights of a sniper capable of penetrating the car's bulletproof glass. Frank is forced to let Lola into the car; they speed away with Jack, shaking off many pursuing police cars. They arrive at a warehouse, where Frank meets Gianni , the ringleader of the operation. Frank is ordered to leave without Jack. He discovers an explosive attached to the car and succeeds in removing it prior to detonation. Jack is returned to his family after the payment of a ransom, but unknown to them and Frank, Jack has been injected with a deadly virus that will eventually kill anyone who the child breathes on. Suspected by everyone except Audrey of being one of the kidnappers, Frank tracks down one of the fake doctors, Dimitri , with Tarconi's assistance. Frank pretends to infect Dimitri with the same virus, then lets him escape. Dimitri panics and hurries to a lab to get the cure killing Tipov, with Frank following behind. Frank kills Dimitri, but when Frank refuses to bargain with him, the doctor in charge of the lab hurls the only two vials containing the antidote out of the window into traffic. Frank manages to retrieve only one vial intact. Frank sneaks back into the Billings home and tells an already ailing Audrey what is happening. He uses the antidote on Jack. Meanwhile, a coughing Jefferson, the director of National Drug Control Policy, addresses the heads of many anti-drug organizations from around the world at a conference. Frank drives to the house of Gianni, who has decided to inject himself with the remaining supply of antidote as a precaution. After dispatching Gianni's many henchmen, Frank has the archvillain at gunpoint. Gianni explains that a Colombian drug cartel is paying him to get rid of its enemies, and that Frank cannot risk killing him, for his death would render the antidote unusable. Then an armed Lola shows up, leading to a Mexican standoff. Gianni leaves Lola to deal with Frank. Frank finally manages to kill her by kicking her into a wine rack with sharp metal points. Frank tracks Gianni, who is making an escape in his helicopter to a waiting jet. Using a Lamborghini Murcielago Roadster from Gianni's garage, Frank speeds to the airport and boards Gianni's jet by driving onto the runway and climbing onto the jet's nose gear. Frank gets into the interior of the plane and confronts Gianni, who pulls a gun on him. When they wrestle for it, a round kills the pilot and the plane crashes into the ocean. Frank incapacitates Gianni by paralyzing him , then pushes his captive and himself out of the sinking plane. Boats converge to pick them up. The Billings are given the antidote. When Frank visits them in the hospital, before entering their room, he sees them with Jack, who is joking with them. He silently walks back to his car, where Tarconi is waiting. He drops his friend at the airport. Alone, Frank receives a call from a man who needs a transporter."] ['The story is about Radhe , a hardcore gangster and assassin who would do anything for money. He falls in love with Jhanvi , a simple fitness trainer, who also has a soft spot for Radhe in her heart. The two are unable to express their love to each other, until one day, selfish Inspector Talpade  enters the love story and also falls for Jhanvi. He starts threatening Jhanvi and her family, as if Jhanvi did not marry him, he would rape Jhanvi\'s mother. When Radhe finds this out, he has a huge fight with Talpade, causing Talpade to realise he shouldn\'t mess with Radhe and he backs off. Soon enough, underworld don Gani Bhai  arrives in India for an assassination. Gani Bhai hires Radhe as his assassin and Radhe agrees. As Datta Pawle and Gani Bhai\'s gang are fighting for the biggest piece of Mumbai, commissioner Ashraf Khan  vows to make the city crime-free and starts his campaign by arresting 200 criminals. Ashraf Khan arrests and kidnaps Gani Bhai and holds him on a stranded boat where no one could find him. Gani Bhai tries hard to contact Radhe but fails in every attempt. Until, Ashraf Khan\'s daughter is kidnapped and he realises Gani Bhai\'s men are behind this, and he lets Gani free. Soon enough, Gani Bhai gets his head on a news that an IPS officer named Rajveer Shekhawat is after him and wants to murder him, so Gani attacks his father Shrikant Shekhawat . Shrikant doesn\'t give any information on his son, until he is held gunpoint by Gani Bhai\'s men. Assuming Ajay for Rajveer, Gani kills him. After realising his mistake Gani questions Shrikant. Shrikant does not tell him about the plans of Rajveer, and Gani Bhai murders Shrikant and leaves. His son, Rajveer Shekhawat arrives at the scene full of tears, and it is revealed that Radhe is actually IPS officer Rajveer Shekhawat, and he was undercover as a gangster to finish off Gani Bhai and his gang. Now, he vows to take revenge on his father\'s murderer.He Uses Talpade to track down him where Gani Says that He is located in Binnimills. Then Radheraids the Binnimill and Kills all of the goons including Gani\'s Right Hand Mona. When Radhe Kicks off Gani He can\'t able to Listen anything coz of the Powerful kick of Radhe. Then Gani attacks radhe But Radhe Gives him an Excellent Kickback such that the Blood oozes from gani\'s mouth and When he was about to kill Radhe, He was got his throat cut off by Radhe and Died Immediately on the spot Soon enough, Inspector Talpade enters the scene and pretends he didn\'t see anything, and is also then shot by Radhe. The film ends with Radhe quoting his tag line, "एक बार जो मैंने कमिटमेंट कर दी, फिर मैं अपने आप की भी नहीँ सुनता" meaning "Once I commit to something, I even don\'t listen to myself". Then the credits roll.'] ['Lieutenant Colonel Austin Travis  leads an unsuccessful raid on a Chechen mafia safehouse by a U.S. Army Special Forces team to recover a stolen Soviet nerve agent, DZ-5. One of his men is killed during the raid. Dr. David Grant , a United States Naval Academy graduate and now a consultant for the U.S. Army\'s intelligence community, is informed that the world\'s most feared terrorist, El Sayed Jaffa , has been taken into custody. Shortly after, Oceanic Airlines Flight 343, a Boeing 747-200, leaves Athens, Greece bound for Washington, D.C. It is hijacked by Jaffa\'s Lieutenant, Nagi Hassan  and a number of Jaffa\'s men. Grant is summoned to the Pentagon to join a team led by Travis which is being readied to intercept the hijacked plane. They listen to Hassan\'s demand for the release of Jaffa. Grant, however, does not believe Hassan wants Jaffa released. He believes that Hassan actually arranged for Jaffa\'s capture, that the hijacked plane is carrying a bomb loaded with DZ-5 and that Hassan wants to detonate the bomb over U.S. airspace. A plan is worked out that will involve a mid-air transfer of a special operations team onto the hijacked airliner using an experimental Remora aircraft. The plan is approved and Travis assembles his team at a U.S Air Force base. They board with Grant and engineer Dennis Cahill . The boarding is only partially successful. When an operator, "Cappy" , is seriously injured, Grant, who was supposed to stay put, boards to help lift Cappy into the plane. The 747 pulls up, though, putting too much stress on the boarding sleeve. Unable to board the plane, Travis sacrifices himself when he closes the 747\'s hatch, just as the sleeve breaks and he is sucked from the F-117 into open air. Those who survived insertion make it to the 747\'s lower deck, but with half their equipment and no communication. It is assumed back at the Pentagon that the team did not make it aboard. With limited options, the operators begin to search for the supposed DZ-5 bomb. Grant manages to make contact with a flight attendant, Jean , despite Hassan\'s suspicions and asks her for assistance in finding the bomb\'s remote detonator. Officials decide to release Jaffa in order to resolve the situation. Meanwhile, Cappy and Cahill locate and start to dismantle the bomb. They discover that bomb\'s arming device is barometrically activated. They seemingly disarm the bomb, but it is revealed that there is another trigger. Jaffa calls Hassan from a private jet, telling him he is free, but Hassan will not be swayed from his plan. Grant realizes that Hassan\'s men don\'t know about the bomb, which means there is a sleeper on board, one passenger among 400. U.S. Senator Jason Mavros  is called away from his seat to have a word with the President of the United States only to realize he\'s to be sacrificed as a warning that Hassan is serious. Hassan points a gun to Mavros\' head as he tries in vain to get the President to listen, but is shot in the head. Jean spots a man with an electronic device and informs Grant. Meanwhile, the soldiers manage to use the plane\'s taillights and Morse code signal to the U.S. Navy fighter jets that they are on board and not to shoot them down. Grant and Jean enter the passenger cabin and take the suspected individual by surprise, but what Jean thought was an electronic device was merely a case of diamonds. Grant spots the real sleeper: Jean-Paul Demou, the man who built the bomb. Hassan attempts to fire at Grant, but is shot from behind by the on-board federal air marshal. The operators kill the lights, make entry, and storm the cabin where a firefight ensues. Stray bullets strike and break passenger windows wide open, causing explosive decompression sucking three passengers and Demou out of the plane. The remaining terrorists are killed during the exchange, the bomb is finally disarmed, and the plane is able to regain its stability. In a last act of desperation, a seriously wounded Hassan kills both pilots, hoping the bomb will detonate if the plane crashes. Hassan is killed by wounded operator "Rat" . Grant is then forced to assume control of the plane and attempt to land the 747 at Washington Dulles International Airport despite his limited piloting experience. He attempts to land at Dulles, but is flying too high by the time he reaches the runway and misses the approach forcing him to pull the plane back up to circle around and try again. As the plane begins to climb, Grant visually recognizes the area surrounding Frederick Field which is where he normally practices flying. Deciding to try and land the 747 there, with Jean\'s assistance, Grant makes a sloppy but safe landing, but is unable to stop before reaching the end of the airport\'s relatively short runway. The 747 is slowed to a stop by ramming into a sand berm at the runway\'s overrun area where emergency workers are able to safely evacuate the remaining passengers.'] ['Gino Felino  is an NYPD detective from Brooklyn who has strong ties within his neighborhood. In the opening scene of the movie, Gino and his partner Bobby are waiting to bust up a multi-million dollar drug deal. However, Gino sees a pimp beating up a woman and intervenes. Shortly afterward, film\'s main antagonist, Richie Madano ([[William Forsythe , murders Gino\'s partner, Bobby Lupo, in broad daylight in front of his wife, Laurie, and his two kids. Richie is a crack addict who grew up with Gino and Bobby and has determined to leave this world via death by cop. Richie then murders a woman at a traffic stop and steals her car, and then begins heading off into Brooklyn alongside his goons, who are horrified by what he does but continue to work alongside him. Gino knows Richie is not going to leave the neighborhood and he tells his captain  to give him the clearance for a manhunt. His Captain gives him the clearance, and provides him with an Ithaca 37 pump action 12 gauge shotgun, and an unmarked 1988 Chevrolet Caprice tactical unit. Gino visits his mob connection Frankie and his boss Don Vittorio to tell them that he is going to find Richie, and he tells them he will not get out of the way of their own plans to take out Richie, whom they view as a loose cannon. As a subplot, Gino is driving when the driver of a station wagon throws a black garbage bag out the window in front of Gino\'s car. Seeing that the bag is moving, Gino stops and gathers the bag, and is surprised to find a very scared puppy inside of it. Gino starts the hunt for Richie at a bar run by Richie\'s brother Vinnie Madano. Vinnie and his friends all refuse to provide information, so Gino beats up all of them. He still does not know where Richie is, but his concern about getting an attitude problem has been taken care of. Richie later comes back to the bar and beats up Vinnie for not killing Gino when it was one cop against a bar full of armed men. He also has info leaked to the mob that he is at the bar, then emerges from hiding and ambushes the mob\'s hitmen in a shoot-out. After visiting a number of local hangouts and establishments trying to find information, Gino discovers Richie killed Bobby because Bobby was having an affair with two women - Richie\'s girlfriend, Roxanne Ford , and a waitress named Terry Malloy . When Gino goes to Roxanne\'s home, he finds she is dead. Gino believes that Richie killed Roxanne before he killed Bobby. Gino goes to Laurie\'s house and tells the widow what is going on. In Laurie\'s purse, Gino finds the picture that Richie dropped on Bobby\'s body after killing Bobby. It turns out that Bobby was a corrupt cop who had wanted a money-making lifestyle like Richie\'s, and Laurie knew Bobby was corrupt. Laurie had found a picture of Bobby and Roxanne naked. She had given Richie the picture out of jealousy, never expecting Richie to kill Bobby for sleeping with Roxanne. Laurie took the picture away from where Richie dropped it on Bobby because she wanted to protect Bobby. Gino attempts to get Richie out of hiding by arresting his sister Pattie  and by talking to his elderly father, a hard-working and honest man who knows his son is worthless. Following a tip from his local snitch Picolino, Gino eventually finds Richie in a house in the old neighborhood having a party. Gino kills all of Richie\'s men. Gino beats Richie senseless and then finally kills him. The mobsters arrive soon after, also intent on killing Richie. Gino uses the lead mobster\'s gun to shoot the already-dead Richie several times, then tells him to return to his boss and take the credit for Richie\'s death. Shortly after, Gino, his wife, and the puppy are walking along the pier when they encounter the "tough guy" who threw the bag into traffic. Gino accosts him, and the man attacks him in response. Gino kicks him in the groin, causing him to collapse on the ground in agony.'] ["{{plot}} In Arizona, ex-Special Forces soldier Shane Daniels  saves his wife, Holly , from a car jacking and chases the mugger  away. The mugger later ends up dead, and Shane is the sole suspect. After being locked up for 6 years, Shane is released from jail due to new DNA evidence found which clear his name. Shane is released with an apology from the State of Arizona and a $300,000 settlement, but feels that it doesn’t make up for his wasted life and the loss of his wife, who has left him, which leaves him bitter. Off the coast of Seattle, Washington, a ship full of smuggled Chinese people is arriving. After it arrives, an old Chinese man is taken to a safehouse. Back in Arizona, within hours of being released to the streets, Shane stops at a liquor store and buys a bottle of bourbon. Back outside, Shane finds himself the intended victim of a street robbery, he beats up his two attackers and steals their car. Leaving the city, Shane takes to the road and stops at a rest stop along a lonely stretch of highway. There, he witnesses a state trooper pulling over a car containing two Chinese nationals. The Chinese nationals kill the state trooper and try to kill a couple of witnesses, a young man named Sergey  and his friend Markov . Shane is forced to intervene, kills one of the attackers and sends the other one, Mao , running off into the desert, but Markov gets killed by one of the Chinese men. When Shane checks on the dead cop, he hears noise coming from the trunk of the Chinese national’s car. Inside, he finds an unconscious woman and a duffel bag full of cash. Fearing that the cops will implicate him in the death of the trooper and knowing that the Chinese national will return with back-up, Shane takes the girl, the cash, and Sergey into the nearest small town, which is called Bellingham. Sergey admits that his father, Vlad , sells stolen cars. The now conscious woman, Tia , begs Shane and Sergey not to turn her over to the cops or the Chinese. Tia tells Shane and Sergey that the cops in Bellingham killed her friends when she was kidnapped. On the next morning, Shane has Sergey drop him and Tia off at a motel. In a motel room, Tia explains to Shane that she was trying to get her uncle Kuan  into the USA. She was contacted by someone who said they could help. She was told to show up alone at an abandoned mill in a remote place about 50 miles away from Bellingham, but she insisted on bringing some of her friends since it was the first time she and her contact were meeting. The man she met is a Chinese drug smuggler named Chen  who told her he would help smuggle Kuan into the USA. However, Chen had her friends shot by Bellingham cops and she was then forced into a room where another man was waiting. The man, known as the Colonel , said he was waiting for Kuan's arrival, and that Tia was going to be held for ransom until the man got the information he needed from Kuan. Sgt. Ritchie  and his henchman Clark , the two Bellingham cops who are working for Chen, go to Little Russia, Vlad's restaurant, and ask Vlad if he knows where Shane is, but Vlad turns them away, even threatening to cut Ritchie's testicles off. Meanwhile, two Chinese men break into the motel room where Shane and Tia are at, but Shane kills them, and he and Tia escape. Outside Little Russia, Tia tells Shane that Kuan will be arriving before the day is out, and she's worried about what will happen to him. Inside, the bartender is not willing to tell Shane where Vlad and Sergey are, so Shane is forced to beat him up, and demand that he take him to Vlad. They arrive at Vlad's house, he is grateful that Shane saved Sergey's life and agrees to help Shane and Tia. Ritchie, Clark, and some Chinese men arrive at Vlad's house and a firefight takes place. After finishing off the last of Chen's men, Shane, Tia, Sergey, and Vlad leave to try to rescue Kuan from the Colonel. At the abandoned mill, the Colonel has taken over the place, having his men plant bombs all over the site and kill all of Chen's men except for Chen. He's keeping Chen alive until Chen's men arrive with Kuan. When he finally arrives, the Colonel's men kill Kuan's two escorts. Gunfire erupts between the Colonel's men and Shane's group. In the midst of the gunfire Tia gets shot. Shane covers the wound, and tells Sergey to watch over her. Shane returns to fighting the Colonel's men, and Sergey lifts Tia up and starts carrying her to safety. Shane battles his way to the Colonel, who has Kuan as a hostage. Shane and the Colonel open fire on each other, and they both run out of bullets. Shane brutally beats the Colonel up, and then gets Kuan out of there. The Colonel grabs a machine gun, and leaves the room. Just as the Colonel is about to shoot Shane, Shane flips the switch and the bombs start detonating, and the Colonel is blown off of the catwalk he was on. Vlad later makes sure Kuan can stay in the USA, and Shane and Tia have a new home together somewhere outside the USA."] ["Ethan Hunt , while vacationing, is alerted by the IMF that someone has used his identity to assist Russian bio-chemical expert Dr. Vladimir Nekhorvich  of Biocyte Pharmaceuticals to enter into the United States, but purposely crashed the commercial airliner en route. Nekhorvich, an old friend of Ethan, had forewarned the IMF of his arrival, planning to deliver a new virus called Chimera and its cure, Bellerophon, both of which he was forced to develop by Biocyte, into the IMF's hands. With the crash of the plane, IMF is worried that the virus is out in the open, believing that IMF agent Sean Ambrose  is behind the incident. IMF assigns Ethan to recover it. Ethan is told that he can use two members of his team to help him, but the third person to help him must be Nyah Nordoff-Hall , a professional thief presently operating in Seville, Spain as she will be able to get close to Ambrose. After recruiting Nyah, Ethan meets his team, computer expert Luther Stickell  and pilot Billy Baird  in Sydney, Australia, where Biocyte laboratories are located along with Ambrose's headquarters. As Ethan and the others stake out Biocyte, Nyah gets close to Ambrose and begins to find any information related to the Chimera virus. At a horse racing event, Ambrose quietly meets with Biocyte's CEO, John C. McCloy , and shows him a video of the Chimera virus affecting one of Nekhorvich's colleagues taken from Biocyte, using the footage to force McCloy to cooperate with them. Nyah is able to steal the video footage long enough to transfer it to Ethan and his team, who learn that the Chimera virus has a 20-hour dormant period before it causes death through mass destruction of the victim's red blood cells. This is depicted through several increasingly graphic pictures, which show the victim dead after 37 hours. Bellerophon can only save the victim if used within the 20-hour window. The IMF team kidnaps McCloy and learns that Nekhorvich had actually injected himself with Chimera, the only way he could smuggle the virus from Biocyte, and had all the known samples of Bellerophon, now presently in Ambrose's hands. Ambrose has blackmailed McCloy to sell him the virus for £37,000,000 and promising to return the samples of Bellerophon. Ethan's team plans to break into Biocyte and destroy the virus. Ambrose, posing as Ethan, tricks Nyah into revealing Ethan's plan. Ambrose secures Nyah and prepares to raid Biocyte himself to secure the virus. Ethan is able to destroy all but one sample of the virus before Ambrose interrupts him, and an ensuing firefight begins. Ethan learns that Ambrose is holding Nyah and stops firing, during which Ambrose orders Nyah to retrieve the last sample. When she does so, she injects herself with it, thus preventing Ambrose from simply killing her to get it. As Ambrose takes Nyah, Ethan escapes from the laboratory and starts a 20-hour countdown before the virus takes over Nyah's body. Ambrose opts to let Nyah wander the streets of Sydney in a daze, and orders McCloy to effectively hand over enough control of Biocyte to make him the majority shareholder, or else Nyah's infection will cause a pandemic that will kill 17 million people in Australia alone; Ambrose's plan is to make a fortune when prices of Biocyte's stock skyrocket due to demand for Bellerophon. Ethan's team is able to locate and infiltrate the meeting, stealing the samples of Bellerophon while taking out many of Ambrose's men. Luther and Billy locate Nyah who has wandered to a cliff side, intent on killing herself to prevent Chimera from spreading. As the two IMF agents bring Nyah to Ethan, he and Ambrose engage in a fist fight and wilds out on Ambrose. With little time left on the 20-hour countdown, Ethan finally gains the upper hand over Ambrose and shoots him dead, and then Luther injects Nyah with Bellerophon. Ethan reports to IMF on the successful mission. IMF clears Nyah's criminal record, and allows Ethan to continue his vacation with her in Sydney."] ['An artist, John Jaspers  sells his soul to the mysterious M   in order to avenge the death of his girlfriend. However, the deal has an unexpected price, and he is periodically transformed into a horned demon with a passion for killing. He discovers that M plans to release a giant monster called the Homunculus, thereby opening the gates of Hell, and sets out to stop him.'] ['It is about a Central Intelligence Agency  agent named Cross , a successful but retiring assassin, who is training "Scorpio" to replace him. Cross is teaching him as much about protecting himself from his patrons and never trusting anyone as how to get away clean. The CIA tells "Scorpio", Jean Laurier , to kill Cross for suspected treason and collaboration with the Russians. Scorpio is threatened with jail on a false narcotics charge if he doesn\'t cooperate. In a failed break-in of Cross\'s home, CIA agents shoot and kill his wife Sarah , causing Cross to go on the run and seek protection from the Russians, who want the secrets he knows and maybe revenge for past acts. Cross is very successful at evading capture, and even kills the CIA director who was responsible for his wife\'s death. However, the CIA gains evidence that Cross is working with Scorpio\'s girlfriend. Enraged by this betrayal, Scorpio corners and kills his girlfriend and Cross, but not before Cross imparts his last words of wisdom. Moments later, Scorpio is assassinated, as Cross said he would be when "They" were done with him. The viewer is left to speculate on who is behind Scorpio\'s death.'] ['In 1865 after the Civil War, Thomas Gates and his son Charles Carroll Gates are approached by John Wilkes Booth and Michael O\'Laughlen, both of them Knights of the Golden Circle. They ask Thomas, a skilled puzzle-solver, to decode a playfair cipher written in Booth\'s diary. O\'Laughlen stays with Thomas as Booth leaves to assassinate President Abraham Lincoln. Just as Thomas discovers the message is a map to Cíbola, the fabled City of Gold, pandemonium arises in the streets from the President\'s assassination. Thomas realizes that Booth and O\'Laughlen are still loyal to the South, tears the pages from the diary, and tosses them into a fire before O\'Laughlen can shoot him. O\'Laughlen only manages to save a partial page from the fireplace before escaping, while Thomas\' dying words to Charles are "the debt that all men pay". The film then shifts to modern day , where Benjamin Gates, Thomas\'s great-great-grandson, is retelling Thomas\' story at a Civilian Heroes conference. He and his father Patrick Gates are publicly accosted by Mitch Wilkinson, a black market dealer who has come into possession of the diary page, which appears to link Thomas to Booth and Lincoln\'s assassination. Ben determines to solve the puzzle on the page to restore Thomas\' legacy. Special Agent Sadusky of the FBI finds it suspicious that a black market dealer like Mitch would suddenly come forward with a rare Civil War artifact. Ben’s technology-savvy friend Riley Poole just had his Ferrari impounded when he was giving out his government conspiracy books then later meet up with Ben. Ben and Riley discover the cipher on the diary page that says Laboulaye Lady, which points to a hidden inscription on the scale model of the Statue of Liberty on the Île aux Cygnes in Paris, thanks to Thomas\' last words. The inscription points to the two Resolute desks, one of which is in the Queen\'s chambers in Buckingham Palace, the other in the Oval Office of the White House. Ben is unaware that Mitch is following in his footsteps, using a clone of Patrick\'s cell phone to intercept messages. In London, Ben discovers that Patrick has sent Ben\'s ex-girlfriend Abigail Chase to help. They are able to sneak into the Queen\'s quarters and find that the Resolute desk acts as a puzzle box, revealing a hidden compartment with a centuries-old plank of wood with indecipherable hieroglyphics on it. Ben then manages to photograph it before Mitch and his men steal it after a car chase through London. Patrick indicates the plank leads to Cíbola, the City of Gold. History says that in 1527 explorers came to the New World to search for Cíbola after its first discovery, but never could find it. Ben convinces Patrick to help them arrange a meeting with Dr Emily Appleton, Ben\'s mother and Patrick\'s ex-wife. Emily is able to translate part of the plank but states that the message is incomplete. Abigail uses her current boyfriend Conner, a member of the White House staff, to allow Ben to sneak into the Oval Office, but Ben finds the Resolute desk compartment empty, save for a symbol  representing the supposed "Book of Secrets". Riley asserts that the Book is real, having himself just written a book on its existence, and claims that it contains the truth behind many conspiracy theories such as the missing 18½ minutes of the Watergate tapes, Area 51 coup d\'état, Apollo program, and the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. However, traditionally the only person to know the whereabouts of the Book of Secrets is the current President himself, since it\'s for Presidents\' eyes only. Ben and his team manipulate events to assure that the President\'s birthday celebration occur at Mount Vernon, allowing Ben to sneak in and lure the President alone to a set of disused tunnels. Ben then blocks off the entrance, trapping the President alone with him so that they can talk about the Book of Secrets. Though the President warns Ben that he will be charged with kidnapping the President, he is sympathetic to Ben\'s cause and provides him with the Book\'s location at the Library of Congress. Ben, Abigail, and Riley locate the Book as the FBI, including Sadusky, surround the building. In the Book they find that President Calvin Coolidge had found the other half of the plank in 1924 and destroyed it, after taking a photo . He also ordered Gutzon Borglum to carve Mount Rushmore into a hill to erase the landmark indicated on the plank, in order to protect Cíbola. As Ben and his team elude the FBI, he sends an image of the plank to Patrick to give to Emily to decode, unaware that Mitch has intercepted this and is waiting for Patrick. Emily is forced to lie to Patrick about the inscription\'s meaning, but is able to give him a non-verbal cue of this falsehood. Ben, Patrick, Abigail and Riley arrive at Mount Rushmore, prepared to deal with Mitch, but find that Mitch has brought Emily along, using her as a hostage to ensure Ben follows the final clues on an old letter sent from Queen Victoria to Confederate general Albert Pike. Ben is able to find the secret entrance, and the group avoids several traps before arriving at the underground site of Cíbola, the City of Gold. As they explore, they accidentally cause the cave to flood with water from a lake above. The only means of escape is through a drainage door that must be held open on one side to allow the rest to escape and closed afterwards, trapping the one controlling the door. Mitch initially forces Ben to sacrifice himself, but after a surge of water, Mitch finds himself holding the door open. He apologizes to Ben for doubting his family, and requests that part of this discovery be in his name. Ben and the others escape safely. Ben and his friends are met by Sadusky and taken to a nearby military base. Ben is cleared of kidnapping by the President himself, who claims that Ben rescued him after the tunnel closed accidentally. Sometime later, Cíbola\'s discovery is announced, with Ben, his team, and Mitch given credit for its discovery. Thomas Gates\' name is cleared and he is called a hero of the Civil War. Patrick and Emily, happily working together, eagerly take to the task of analyzing Cíbola once it is drained of water. Ben and Abigail rekindle their broken relationship at Mount Rushmore, while Riley is given his Ferrari back by the President, "tax free". The only mystery remaining is what the President asks Ben to decipher on Page 47 in the closing scene.'] ["The film takes place in the city of Boston, in the year 2009. Detective Cameron Grayson is on the trail of Adrian Dunn , his ex-partner and his wife's murderer. Dunn has escaped from prison on the moon and returned to Earth with a deadly alien virus."] ['Professor Eva Soderstrom  discovers that Dr. Thomas Abernathy , the man responsible for starting a scientific experiment which claimed the life of her father some years before, has plans to restart the experiment on a bigger scale. With only 24 hours, Eva must stop the experiment or the Earth will be destroyed.'] ["British and Soviet ballistic-missile submarines mysteriously disappear. James Bond  is summoned to investigate. On the way, he escapes an ambush by Soviet agents in Austria, killing one during a downhill ski chase, and escaping via a Union Flag parachute. Bond learns that the plans for a highly advanced submarine tracking system are on the market in Egypt. There, he encounters Major Anya Amasova  of the KGB, his rival for the plans. Bond and Amasova team up, due to a truce supported by their respective superiors. They travel across Egypt together, tracking the microfilm plans, meeting Jaws – an unnaturally tall assassin with steel teeth – along the way. They later identify the person responsible for the thefts as shipping tycoon, scientist and anarchist Karl Stromberg. While travelling by train to Stromberg's base in Sardinia, Bond saves Amasova from being attacked by Jaws, and their rivalry changes into affection. They visit Stromberg's base and learn of his mysterious new supertanker, the Liparus. Jaws, and other henchmen, chase the couple's car, but they escape, due to Bond's superior driving skills and his Q Branch Lotus Esprit sports car/submarine. This unique car enables the two spies to perform a further underwater reconnaissance of Stromberg's facilities. Bond later finds out that the Liparus has never visited any known port or harbour, and Amasova learns that Bond killed her lover in Austria; she promises Bond that she will kill him when their mission ends. Later, while aboard an American submarine, Bond and Amasova examine Stromberg's underwater Atlantis base and confirm that he is operating the tracking system. The Liparus then captures the submarine, just as it captured the others. Stromberg sets his plan in motion: the launching of nuclear missiles from the submarines, to destroy Moscow and New York City. This would trigger a global nuclear war, which Stromberg would survive in Atlantis, and subsequently a new civilisation would be established. He leaves for Atlantis with Amasova. Bond frees the captured British, Russian and American submariners and they battle the Liparus{{'}}s crew. Bond reprograms the British and Soviet submarines to destroy each other, saving Moscow and New York. The victorious submariners escape the sinking Liparus on the American submarine. Bond insists on rescuing Amasova before the submarine has to follow its orders and destroy Atlantis. Bond confronts and kills Stromberg but again encounters Jaws, whom he drops into a shark tank. Bond and Amasova flee in an escape pod as Atlantis is sunk. In the pod Amasova reminds Bond that she has vowed to kill him and picks up Bond's gun, but admits to having forgiven him and the two make love. The Royal Navy recovers the pod, and the two spies are seen in intimate embrace through its large window, much to the consternation of Bond and Amasova's superiors. Meanwhile, Jaws escapes from the shark tank  and swims off into the sunset."] ['Lee Barrett, a former intelligence agent, is asked by his former boss Eric Cavanaugh to investigate the murder of the security chief of Station Three &mdash; a top-secret bioweapons laboratory in the desert of Southern California &mdash; and the disappearance of its director, Dr. Baxter. As they wait for a time lock on the sealed lab to open, they are advised by another lab scientist, Dr. Gregor Hoffman, to seal the lab using concrete. Hoffman informs them that there are two lethal bioweapons in the lab, a lethal strain of botulinus that oxidizes eight hours after its release, and a recently developed virus that he calls the "Satan Bug", and which could kill all life on Earth in a matter of months. Determined to discover what happened in the room, Barrett enters to discover that Dr. Baxter is dead, and both vials containing the "Satan Bug" and 1200 grams of botulinus missing. Barrett drives to a nearby hotel, where he meets Ann, the daughter of General Williams, who has flown in from Washington to supervise the investigation. Barrett\'s speculation that a lunatic is behind the theft is confirmed by a telegram threatening to release the viruses unless Station Three is destroyed. Suspecting that the theft was aided by someone on the inside, Barrett discovers that another scientist is dead. A phone call reveals the name Charles Reynolds Ainsley, a millionaire crackpot who fits the profile and who quickly becomes the focus of the investigation. After a demonstration incident in Florida proves the thieves\' willingness to use the botulinus, General Williams receives a call threatening to release more of the toxin in Los Angeles County unless Station Three is closed. Pursuing a report, Barrett and Ann visit the location where a car broke down during the evening of the theft. Barrett deduces that the driver was involved and locates a box containing the missing vials in a nearby stream, only to be confronted by two armed men. Barrett and Ann are taken to Dr. Hoffman, the other conspirator in the theft. Hoffman decides to take them hostage, but they are followed by security agents. A flask containing the "Satan Bug" is separated from the others, who realize that they are being shadowed by two agents in a car. After a confrontation in an abandoned gas station, the thugs working with Hoffman decide to lock Barrett and the two agents in a room and shatter one of the vials. Though both agents are killed, Barrett escapes by setting the room afire. He stops a passing car being driven by Hoffman and makes a deal to learn the location of the flask in Los Angeles in return for the closure of Station Three. Barrett is aware that Hoffman is, in fact, Ainsley himself. They hear a radio announcement announcing the closure of Station Three. Hoffman\'s associates are killed at a roadblock while trying to escape. Barrett himself confronts Ainsley, who threatens to break the flask containing the "Satan Bug", telling Barrett that he waited to steal the virus until the vaccine could be isolated. Now that the vaccine is in his blood, Ainsley is immune. He declares his willingness to destroy the world and then live on in it alone rather than give up the power he holds. A helicopter arrives, flown by another of Ainsley\'s men. They fly above Los Angeles as it is being evacuated. Barrett fights with the pilot and succeeds in taking the vial from Ainsley, who falls from the helicopter rather than reveal the location of the missing vial, unaware that it had already been located by the authorities and disarmed.'] ["Working for the US Government to retrieve a cassette with vital information, Sam Quint, a former CIA agent , runs into Marvin Ringer , another hitman he replaced, who is after the same cassette. In a desperate attempt to evade Ringer and get the tape back to a government official , Quint hides the cassette in a 300-MPH prototype vehicle, the Black Moon, which is on a transporter destined for a public presentation in Los Angeles. Before Quint can recover the cassette, Nina  steals the Black Moon, with Quint on her tail, and returns it to a warehouse, the headquarters for the car thief ring headed by Ed Ryland . Quint must lure Nina into helping him recover the Black Moon, with the help of its driver and his crew, and make it out alive with the cassette and the car before the next day. The title was stolen from Violet Hawthorne's 1979 novel.{{Citation needed}}"] ['{{plot}} Global Airways Flight 502—using a Boeing 707—takes off as a routine flight from Oakland, California, to Minneapolis/St.Paul, Minnesota, with Captain Henry O\'Hara  and his flight crew at the controls. In the middle of the flight, Captain O\'Hara becomes aware of a bomb threat when he goes into the women\'s bathroom  and sees "Bomb on plane divert to Anchorage Alaska. No Joke, No Tricks. Death." He interprets this to mean that he has to divert his course immediately to Anchorage, Alaska, or otherwise the bomb will explode on board. O\'Hara changes course immediately to Anchorage and manages to carry out a perfect landing there, despite terrible weather and other circumstances. A disillusioned soldier, Sgt. Jerome K. Weber , a Vietnam veteran driven into insanity by his war trauma, is responsible for hijacking the plane, and threatens to blow it up with a bomb. In Anchorage, the majority of economy class passengers escape via an emergency slide. The remaining passengers are allowed to leave including the three coach class stewardesses, Jane, Lovejoy and Hazel. Weber then keeps all first class passengers as hostages, amongst them United States Senator Arne Lindner , and Senior Stewardess Angela Thatcher  and insists to be flown to Moscow, as he intends to defect to the Soviet Union. Although the airline doesn\'t receive clearance to fly into Soviet airspace, Weber insists to be flown straight ahead to Moscow, threatening the pilots with death if they do not comply. Upon entering Soviet airspace, Soviet military aircraft appear to intercept the 707. Finally, O\'Hara lowers the landing gear and flaps to a full landing configuration to make the Soviet interceptors aware that this is a US civilian aircraft and not a military intruder, as the Soviet authorities had thought and had ordered the plane to be shot down. O\'Hara\'s actions result in the Soviet aircraft realizing that they have been confronted with a hijacked US civilian airplane. The Soviet military aircraft escort the 707 to their nearest airport, Moscow Airport. There, all passengers are finally released. It becomes clear that O\'Hara and Senior Stewardess Thatcher have been in love for some time but O\'Hara separated from Thatcher in order to save his marriage. Thatcher is now in love with first officer Sam. After landing, O\'Hara and Weber are the only persons to remain on board of the 707. Weber eventually realizes that he is unable to achieve the confidence of the Soviet authorities and his attempt to seize the 707 was futile. When O\'Hara finally tries to kick him out of his 707, Weber shoots him. Both men stagger down the gangway, where finally Weber is shot and killed by Soviet forces. O\'Hara survives, just wounded in his shoulders, and he is looking up into the sky, with a great smile of relief, when he sees a plane just after takeoff.'] ["Based on a book by Hong Kong filmmaker Edmond Pang Ho-Cheung, Fulltime Killer protagonist O is a hitman being challenged by new hotshot Tok. O has lived a life of seclusion as the number one hitman in Asia. The woman living at his contact address is captured after O foils a set-up by his boss. He then goes on the run whilst trying to fend off his adversary. The last part of the movie focuses on an Interpol detective's attempt to write the story of Tok and O.Fulltime Killer Plot"] ['{{Plot}} Climber and photographer Peter Garrett  caused his father Royce to plummet to his death in order to save his sister Annie\'s and his own life . Peter has retired from climbing and is a wildlife photographer, full-time. Annie  has become a renowned mountain climber. When his assistant is injured, Peter shows up at base camp as Annie attempts to climb K2 in the Pakistan province of Gilgit-Baltistan, the world\'s second highest mountain, which is very dangerous to climb because of the tough conditions which await at the summit. The expedition is funded by wealthy industrialist Elliot Vaughn  who is also going to climb, with the help of his friend Tom McLaren . There is a huge party the night before the climbers begin the trek. Vaughn is introduced to Peter, whom he asks to accompany them on the trip, but Peter instantly refuses. The climb is a disaster as the winds begin to wreak havoc. Annie, Vaughn, and Tom fall through a patch of ice and become trapped in a crevasse. Annie radios back to base using Morse code and Peter learns of Annie\'s plight. Due to the seriousness of the cave-in, the rescue party realizes that they may need explosives to blast a hole for a rescue. But the only explosive that they can get their hands on is old nitroglycerin in leaky canisters. Few climbers are willing to consider the trip. Peter manages to assemble a rescue mission with the base\'s best climbers including brothers Cyril and Malcolm , Monique Aubertine , Kareem Nazir  and Skip Taylor . However, the day before the rescue mission goes underway. Skip and Peter also go visit Montgomery Wick , reported to be the world\'s best climber and foremost expert on K2. Skip is unable to go as Wick says he needs him on the ground directing the mission. The teams pair off: Malcolm and Kareem , Monique and Cyril, and Peter and Wick. They each split up and take different entry points up the mountain with the hope that diversifying their explosives will increase the chances of at least one pair getting through if another has an accident with the unstable Nitro. Cyril constantly "flirts" with Monique . Malcolm and Kareem have awkward conversations which Malcolm points to wanting to complete the mission faster. Monique and Cyril enter trouble when Cyril loses his balance and clings to the side of a cliff. After Monique secures her harness to him, the peak cracks and Monique also falls over the edge and the nitro falls from Cyril\'s backpack and creates a huge explosion that the other teams notice. Cyril is able to climb back up, however, while he cheers arrogantly lowering a harness for Monique, they both hear a rumbling noise. The explosion and crackling has in fact started an avalanche and is heading straight for Cyril. Cyril, unable to do anything watches and screams helplessly as the avalanches swamps him and subsequently throws him over the edge off the peak. Monique, still hanging onto the edge, manages to survive and get back onto the peak. She then radios in and informs base that Cyril has been killed, but orders them not to tell Malcolm yet. Back at the station, nitroglycerin, used to clear rock formations etc., comes into contact with the sun and reacts and subsequently explodes, completely dumbfounding the crew. Base tell the groups to get their cases of nitroglycerin into the shade to avoid an explosion. Monique teams up with Peter and Wick and they successfully manage to avoid a calamity. Malcolm and Kareem just manage to get the nitroglycerin, but the can containing it leaks and it is exposed to the sun, killing both of them in the explosion. Monique, Wick, and Peter witness the explosion. Meanwhile, underground, Annie begins to suffer from pulmonary edema, when water begins to form inside of the lungs, and she will die unless given medical attention. Tom is in a more severe state, with his leg and ribs broken. Vaughn is the only one unharmed and possesses the medical kit. Annie pleads with him to use dexamethasone  to save Tom and herself, but Vaughn declines, unwilling to waste it on a "lost cause". More to the fact, Vaughn doesn\'t want to die and believes he and Annie have the best chance of survival.  During the trek the next day, Monique comes across a woman\'s body frozen in the ice that has been uncovered due to the second explosion. As she gets closer, Wick instantly recognizes the body and tells Monique not to touch her; it is his own wife. After Wick collects a ring and an empty box that contained "dex" from his wife\'s body, he tells Peter that Elliot Vaughn is responsible for his wife\'s death. Vaughn\'s story from his first disastrous climb on K2 detailed that the "dex" was swept away, but Wick\'s wife always kept it on her person, meaning the empty box proves Vaughn used it for himself. Knowing that Vaughn\'s story is a fraud and that he contributed to the deaths of other climbers, Wick plans to kill him on the mountain and warns Peter that his sister ought to watch her supply very carefully. Peter and Monique begin to grow close and there is some mild flirtation as Peter helps her set bones on her broken finger; moreover, they talk about her relationship with Skip, for Peter to find out that it\'s mostly professional, and not romantic, as he had once thought. Meanwhile, in Annie\'s camp, as night comes Vaughn gives himself some dex, then kills Tom by sticking Tom with the syringe, full of air to save remaining dex for himself. Annie radios Peter and tells him that she won\'t survive much longer and that he should save himself and turn back; he and Monique instead continue on their own early while Wick is sleeping. Wick wakes up to see them gone and Peter and Monique, having continued trekking up the mountain, soon find the place where Annie and Vaughn are imprisoned. They use the nitroglycerin to create a hole, enabling access to the survivors. As Peter attempts to rescue Annie and Vaughn, the harness begins to loosen but Wick arrives and secures it. Wick descends into the cave and harnesses Annie again, and though a weakened Vaughn thinks he is about to attack him, Wick attaches a harness to him as well, and along with Peter , they manage to pull Annie up with Wick and Vaughn still harnessed underneath. As they pull Annie up a clump of snow is dislodged and Annie, Peter, Wick and Vaughn are all left hanging with just Monique supporting all their weight. With Vaughn below him, Wick understands they cannot be pulled up and calmly cuts the rope. Recovering at base camp Annie reconciles with Peter, who finally pays his respects at a memorial for those killed on K2, including Wick, Vaughn, Kareem, his cousin Ali, brothers Cyril and Malcom, guide Tom McLaren, and Wick\'s wife.'] ['Sequel in-name alone to Double Game has a good-hearted drifter named Tony  get targeted by a vicious gang when he attempts to stop a kidnapping. He must turn to his friend on the police force Santini  and use his wits to stay alive.'] ["The film starts with Negaal, a former kickboxer who founded an organization that promotes other kickboxers who pay with their lives if they refuse to join, ordering his men to kill David Sloan for refusing to accept an invitation from them. Days later Johnny Styles wins the American kickboxing championship and is approached by Negaal’s men for an invitation, but Matt Reeves, Johnny’s friend and teacher, becomes suspicious about it. That night Johnny is murdered by Negaal's men, but not without Reeves arriving and beating them. Now wanting revenge, Matt Reeves travels to South Africa to chase after Negaal himself and joins a fighter, Paul Croft, who Negaal ordered to kill Reeves but disobeyed. In South Africa they encounter and fight Negaal’s men in a cat and mouse game throughout the film, going to prison in a trap set up by one of Negaal’s henchmen and escaping it heading to Croft’s home. Meanwhile Negaal recruits more fighters into his organization, with himself fighting and killing the German champion when he refused to join, and killing one of his own men for failing to get Reeves. Reeves, Croft, and Croft's sister arrive in Negaal’s mansion during the organization’s inauguration party, and they expose to the public Negaal’s true intentions and crimes. Matt Reeves fights his way to Negaal himself who is waiting at his office and the two men fight a duel to the death, with Reeves defeating and killing him."] ['A joint military operation between Russian and U.S. special operations forces ends with the capture of General Ivan Radek , the dictator of a rogue terrorist regime in Kazakhstan that had taken possession of an arsenal of former Soviet nuclear weapons. A diplomatic dinner is held in Moscow to celebrate the operation, at which President of the United States James Marshall  expresses his remorse that action had not been taken sooner to prevent the suffering that Radek caused and vows that the his administration will take a firmer stance against despotism and refuse to negotiate with terrorists. President Marshall, along with his wife Grace , his daughter Alice , and several of his Cabinet and advisers board Air Force One to return to the United States. A contingent of news reporters are also aboard. U.S. Secret Service agent Gibbs , acting as a mole for a group of six Soviet ultranationalist terrorists led by Ivan Korshunov , sneaks them onto the plane disguised as a Russian news crew. Once in flight, Gibbs kills several secret service agents guarding the plane\'s armory, allowing Korshunov and his men to take the armory\'s weapons and equipment and seize control of the plane. The pilots attempt to land the plane at Ramstein Air Base in Germany, but are killed and the terrorists\' pilot takes control, diverting the plane towards Kazakhstan. U.S. Secret Service agents take Marshall to an escape pod in the cargo hold, while the rest of the passengers are taken hostage. Believing the President has escaped, the hijackers separate his wife and daughter from the rest of their hostages, planning to use them as leverage. At the White House Situation Room, Korshunov contacts Vice President of the United States Kathryn Bennett  threatening to kill a hostage every half hour until Radek is released. Meanwhile, the U.S. military locates the escape pod but finds it empty. Unbeknownst to the hijackers, President Marshall, a retired military aviator, veteran of the Vietnam War, and Medal of Honor recipient, stayed aboard the plane. He contacts the White House via satellite phone, and reminds Bennett not to negotiate with the terrorists. Marshall manages to overwhelm the men guarding the hostages and develops a plan to drain the fuel from the plane, forcing the hijackers to request mid-air refueling, which would drop the plane to a low enough altitude to allow the hostages to parachute out. Though his advisers insist Marshall leave, he refuses to go without his family. When Korshunov discovers the deception, he forces the plane away, causing the fuel to ignite and destroy the fueling plane, he then captures Marshall and a few of his advisors before they can escape. With Marshall and his family held hostage, Bennett is forced to contact Russian President Petrov to issue Radek\'s release. Korshunov and his men celebrate as the event is broadcast over the plane\'s speakers, but Marshall uses the distraction to free himself. While Marshall\'s advisers deal with the remaining terrorists, Korshunov grabs Grace and disappears to the plane\'s parachute ramp, followed by Marshall. Grace manages to get away, and Marshall wrestles with Korshunov, eventually forcing his chute, wrapped around Korshunov\'s neck, to open, pulling him out of the plane and killing him. Marshall races back to the communication room to announce his freedom just as Radek is about to board a waiting helicopter. When the prison guards attempt to recapture him, Radek tries to flee but is shot and killed. Marshall directs Air Force One back towards friendly airspace, but they are soon followed by Kazakh MiG-29s piloted by Radek loyalists. Escorting U.S. F-15s fend off the attack, including one pilot that sacrifices himself to intercept a missile, but the shrapnel from the explosion destroys Air Force One\'s tail controls, sending the plane towards the Caspian Sea. A nearby patrolling U.S. Air Force Special Operations Command MC-130E Combat Talon is called in to rescue Marshall and the others via zip-line; Marshall insists his family and advisers are rescued first. Gibbs, who had remained on the plane, reveals his betrayal and kills Major Caldwell, and attempts to save himself on the last zip-line crossing before Air Force One strikes the water. Marshall overpowers him, and grabs and detaches the zip line moments before the plane explosively disintegrates on hitting the water. The MC-130E crew reel in the President, and change their call sign to "Air Force One" as they head back towards friendly airspace, while Marshall is reunited with his family.'] ['Alex Shaw  is on a motorcycle chase after a vehicle with stolen goods. He eventually catches the driver of the vehicle, but his girlfriend Annie  runs into him during her driving test. She finds out that Alex is on the LAPD SWAT team after he lied and told her he was a beach cop. As an apology, Alex surprises her with a trip to the Caribbean, on the cruise ship Seabourn Legend. Aboard the ship, passenger John Geiger  places explosives throughout the ship, and sets them off to destroy the ship\'s communication systems. The following evening, he throws the captain overboard, then hacks into the ship\'s computer system to stop the ship. He sets off additional explosives, then calls the bridge to tell the first officer, Juliano , that the captain is dead and Juliano is now in charge. He is ordered by Geiger to evacuate the ship, during which Geiger steals jewelry from the ship\'s vault. As passengers evacuate, Drew , a young deaf girl, becomes trapped in an elevator, and group of people become trapped behind locked fire doors in a hallway filling up with smoke. Annie and Alex try to board the last lifeboat; however, the ship starts moving and the winch lowering the lifeboat gets jammed. Alex jumps onto the boat to rescue the passengers falling off, and Annie and Juliano use the ship\'s gangplank to get the passengers back onto the deck. Alex realizes Geiger is controlling the ship and goes with Juliano to Geiger\'s cabin armed with skeet guns, but Geiger remotely sets off explosives inside the room. Annie and Dante , the ship\'s photographer, notice the people trapped behind the fire doors, and Annie uses a chainsaw to cut the door open and let them out. Meanwhile, Alex orders the navigator, Merced , to flood the ship and slow it down by opening the ballast doors. As the ship floods, Alex sees Drew on a monitor after she climbed out of the elevator, and runs to save her. Alex notices Geiger exiting the vault and holds him at gunpoint, but Geiger escapes by closing the fire door in front of Alex. Using the ship\'s intercom, Geiger explains that he designed the ship\'s autopilot system and is taking revenge against the cruise line after getting fired once he got sick from copper poisoning. Geiger again escapes from Alex by attaching a grenade to a door. The crew notice that Geiger has set the ship to crash into an oil tanker near Saint Martin. Alex decides to stop the ship by diving underneath it and jamming the propeller with a steel cable. Geiger realizes Alex is trying to stop the ship, so he jams the cable winch while Alex is underwater, causing it to break off the ship and free the cable. Geiger takes Annie hostage and escapes with her on a boat from the back of the ship. To avoid collision with the oil tanker, Alex and Dante go into the bilge pump room and use the bow thrusters to turn the ship. The ship screeches down the side of the tanker, but manages to withstand the damage, and heads straight into a marina. It then crashes into an island, which eventually brings the ship to a halt. Alex jumps off to rescue Annie and hijacks a speed boat from Maurice , forcing him to chase after Annie. Geiger takes Annie onto a seaplane and Alex shoots it from the boat with a speargun and reels himself in through the water. Alex climbs onto the plane and rescues Annie, and both escape from the plane on one of its pontoons, which falls onto the water. Geiger loses control of the plane and crashes into the oil tanker, causing it to explode. Annie and Alex travel back to shore in Maurice\'s boat, and Alex gives Annie a wedding ring, asking her if she will "wear it for a while", and she accepts.'] ['One night in Beverly Hills, California, a truck carrying hazardous materials crashes, releasing a deadly chemical. The citizens of Beverly Hills are sent to quarantine in a hotel in Century City, while the police and the EPA agents stay behind to keep an eye on the valuables and clean up the town. However, the spill is a cleverly executed hoax masterminded by the head of L.A.\'s football team, Robert \'Bat\' Masterson. The police officers and DEA agents are bitter ex-cops eager for a piece of what the citizens have hoarded from them. Within the 70 minutes that it will take for the National Guard to arrive, they plot to loot every home and business in the city. However, one man has been forgotten in the rush to get everyone out. Aging football player Boomer Hayes was in his hot tub, expecting to get lucky, when his lady friend, Laura Sage went to see what was going on and was taken in the rush to evacuate everyone. The officers thought that "Boomer" was her dog, but checked anyway. After taking care of one of the cops sent to kill him, Boomer is trapped in the hot tub by an officer, but before he can shoot him, he\'s shot from behind. Ed Kelvin, a cop in on the whole thing but disgusted by the ruthless murder of the Mayor , fills in Boomer on the whole situation, and Boomer decides to help bring in the real police, who are locked in the station\'s hazmat suit room. Donning his jersey, injecting cortizone for his bum knee, and enlisting Kelvin\'s help, Boomer will spend the next 70 minutes attempting to stop the robbery and bring Masterson to justice, while evading ex-cops and the hired thug Benitez, who has commandeered a SWAT tank and is gunning for Boomer and Kelvin.'] ['Three British  agents, including one "on loan" to the American government, are killed within 24 hours, under mysterious circumstances, while monitoring the operations of Dr. Kananga, the dictator of a small Caribbean island, San Monique. James Bond – agent 007, sometimes referred to as simply \'007\' – is sent to New York to investigate the first murder. Kananga is also in New York, visiting the United Nations. Just after Bond arrives, his driver is shot dead by a passing motorist, while taking Bond to meet Felix Leiter of the CIA. Bond is nearly killed in the ensuing car crash.  A trace on the killer\'s licence plate eventually leads Bond to Mr. Big, a ruthless and cunning gangster who runs a chain of Fillet of Soul restaurants throughout the United States. It is here that Bond first meets Solitaire, a beautiful virgin tarot expert who has the uncanny ability to see both the future and remote events in the present. Mr. Big, who is actually Kananga in disguise, demands that his henchmen kill Bond, but Bond overpowers them and escapes unscathed. Bond flies to San Monique, where he meets Rosie Carver, a CIA double agent. They meet up with a friend of Bond\'s, Quarrel Jr., who takes them by boat to Solitaire\'s home. Bond suspects Rosie of working for Kananga. She is shot dead, remotely, by Kananga, to stop her confessing the truth to Bond. Inside Solitaire\'s house, Bond uses a stacked tarot deck of cards, that show only "The Lovers", to trick her into thinking that seduction is in her future, and then seduces her. Solitaire loses her ability to foretell the future when she loses her virginity to Bond and is forced into cooperating with Bond to bring down Kananga. Bond and Solitaire escape by boat and fly to New Orleans. There, Bond is captured by \'Mr. Big\', who reveals himself to be Kananga. It transpires that Kananga is producing two tons of heroin and is protecting the poppy fields by exploiting locals\' fear of voodoo and the occult. Through his alter ego, Mr. Big, Kananga plans to distribute the heroin free of charge at his Fillet of Soul restaurants, which will increase the number of addicts. Kananga also believes that other drug dealers, namely the Mafia, cannot compete with his giveaway, to which Kananga can later charge high prices for the heroin, after he has simultaneously cultivated huge drug dependency and bankrupted his competitors. Kananga asks Bond if he has slept with Solitaire. When he finds out that he has, Kananga turns Solitaire over to Baron Samedi to be sacrificed, as her ability to read tarot cards is gone. Meanwhile, Kananga\'s one-armed henchman, Tee Hee Johnson, leaves Bond to be eaten by crocodiles at a farm in the Louisiana backwoods. Bond escapes by running along the animals\' backs to safety. He sets the farm on fire and steals a speedboat. He is then pursued by Kananga\'s men, as well as local Sheriff J.W. Pepper and the Louisiana State Police. Back in San Monique, Bond rescues Solitaire from the voodoo sacrifice with a .44 Magnum Smith & Wesson Model 29 revolver and throws Samedi into a coffin of snakes. Bond and Solitaire escape below ground into Kananga\'s lair. Kananga captures them both and proceeds to lower them into a shark tank. Bond escapes and forces a shark gun pellet into Kananga\'s mouth, causing him to blow up like a balloon, float to the top of the cave, and explode. After the job is done, Felix puts Bond and Solitaire onto a train and out of the country. Tee Hee Johnson follows Bond and Solitaire onto the train and tries to kill Bond, but loses his prosthetic arm in a fight with him and is flung out of the window. As the film ends, Bond comforts Solitaire, and a laughing Samedi is revealed perched on the front of the speeding train.'] ['In Dallas, when the two prime witnesses against the drug lord Octavio Perez are murdered by his gangsters in a safe-house. The testimony of FBI agent Kate Jensen and three other agents become the only chance to keep the criminal in prison. They are lodged in another safe-house to wait for the trial, but the place is invaded by the criminals and the agents are executed. However, Kate is only wounded and her boyfriend Nick believes there is a traitor in the agency and decides to bring her to his ranch in the country to protect her life with his reliable local friends.'] ['Ten years ago, Jake Hopper  was a CIA agent who was stationed in Thailand. Then one day, things went sour, and his partner, Sunti  barely escaped with his life after accidentally killing a woman. Jake called it quits and returned to the United States when his wife died, and Sunti became a Buddhist monk to atone for his sins. For the past 10 years, Jake has run a successful private security business, and has been raising his daughter Jessica , who is now an adult. While hiking in Thailand, Jessica and her friend Sarah Winthorpe  are kidnapped. A group of Islamic fundamentalists known as the Abu Karaf claims responsibility. Sarah is the daughter of United States senator John Winthorpe. The Abu Karaf demand the release of 20 prisoners from American custody. Tom Collins , an ex-colleague of Jake\'s, recognizes Jessica on the ransom tape, and he tips Jake off. Jake knows that he must rescue the girls himself. An old CIA buddy puts Jake in contact with Leon Washington ([[Patrick Robinson , an active CIA agent who is working in Thailand. Jake goes to Bangkok, and escapes an assassination attempt by unknown forces. Leon arranges a meeting for himself with Soku—the internal security chief for General Jantapan . Jantapan is a rebel military general who is making a play to be one of the most powerful men in Thailand. Secretly, Jantapan is messing with some very dangerous spiritual forces. Soku provides Jake with a cover story, but the CIA wants Jake out of it because they\'re planning to take out the Abu Karaf with the aid of the Thai army, and they don\'t want a civilian in the middle. Jake is a spiritual man, so he contacts his spiritual master Paijan Paitoon. As Jake is in trouble, Paitoon offers to arrange a divination from the oracle of the order. He enlists the help of Sunti. Jake also gets Lulu , the girlfriend of arms dealer Fitch McQuoid , to steal information leading to the Abu Karaf. Jake and Sunti follow the leads to a warehouse where they discover evidence of highly sophisticated weaponry. With their enemies now after Lulu, Jake takes Lulu under his wing. He then shares some of his info with Leon—still testing the waters. Can he trust Leon? Another attempt is made on Jake\'s life—and this time, Jake\'s sure that Leon was involved. Finally, the Abu Karaf contact Jake to arrange a meeting—the pieces are coming together, and Jake figures out that it was not the Abu Karaf who kidnapped Jessica and Sarah. Jake gets his reading from the old oracle, and the cryptic message confirms his fears—demonic spiritual forces are working against him. Jantapan later goes to an evil temple and tries to send the spirit of an ancient warrior demon to kill Jake, but the ceremony goes wrong and the spirit enters Jantapan himself, giving him amazing but evil physical and spiritual powers. Jake and Sunti go to meet Mongkol , the leader of the Abu Karaf. Mongkol confirms what Jake suspects—ever since the terrorist attacks of 2001, Jantapan has worked to corner the narcotics and arms markets. He also said that Jantapan kidnapped the girls and blamed the Abu Karaf so the army would wipe out Jantapan\'s competition. Mongkol knows where the girls are, and he gives Jake plans and intelligence and they both need the girls alive. Jake must engage in a rescue effort that will put him to the ultimate test as he takes on Jantapan in a battle in which death may be the only ending. That night, Jake and Sunti plan to rescue the girls who are locked in a cell in Jantapan\'s house. After killing two gang members guarding the cell and freeing the girls, a horde of corrupt Thai policemen intervene and makes a deadly shootout but end up dead through the firearms of the two. Sunti kills the rest of the cops while Jake battles with Jantapan in the upstairs living room. Jake kills Jantapan by disarming him and inflicts several injuries in his body like breaking his neck. He ends the fight by throwing Jantapan in a display cabinet which crushes his spine killing him. Jake returns downstairs which is now full of dead bodies of Thai police and embraces the girls and then Sunti only to discover hes is fatally injured. Sunti wishes Jake farewell before dying in his arms. Suddenly, military forces led by Leon and their General enter but Leon orders them to hold fire after seeing Jake with the dead Sunti and kidnapped girls. After the battle, a Buddhist funeral with Jake in the lead is seen. Jake steps into the river and throws Sunti\'s ashes in the water. A vision of Sunti smiling fades in and later fades out. The last scene is a head show of Jake looking at the river and saying "Good-bye brother." The movie ends with words saying "In Loving Memory of our friend Trevor Murray" and the credits roll.'] ['A news reporter covers a story in Turkey where many people have mysteriously died, seemingly from pneumonia. In Hong Kong, Buck Yuen works as an exercise equipment salesman. After an unsuccessful day at work, he heads out through the shopping mall and intuitively knows that a robbery is about to take place. Buck thwarts the robbers plans, relieving them of the money they have stolen and returning it to the police. Later, a stranger approaches Buck, eager to speak to the hero who foiled the robbery. The stranger goes by the name of Manny Liu and he tells Buck that he is rounding up several men of Buck\'s age and description, one of whom could be the son of a wealthy Korean man. As a child, Buck had been an orphan, but he has vague dreams seemingly recalling his parents cooing over him, his father clutching a shiny object. Buck goes to meet the Korean man in question, a former spy, who does not have long to live. After fending off an attack on the old man, Buck is given the opportunity to play a "game" with the old man. The old man gives him a crucifix, which appears to be the shiny object of his dreams, confirming this man to be his father. Once the old man has died, Buck finds the first clue to the "game" at his grave – a message saying "wait for me" in English. Eventually he realises that the letters of the phrase correspond to a telephone number and calls it. It turns out to be a bank in Turkey, so Buck sets out on his journey. Once in Turkey, Buck goes to the bank and receives the contents of the old man\'s safety deposit box – a large sum of money and a small package. Avoiding the attempted theft of his newfound wealth by a group of thugs who have commandeered a fleet of taxis, Buck eventually makes it back to his hotel. Along the way he meets two women – the first, Korean reporter Carmen and the second, a Chinese woman called Yong, who sings sweetly and wears a scarf embroidered with the same phrase from the old man\'s grave. He catches up with the woman and they arrange to meet later. Buck then visits a Turkish baths, but is accosted by another group of thugs, and ends up being pursued, wearing nothing but a towel, through a Turkish bazaar. He soon loses his towel, and is forced to hide his nudity with a variety of implements from the various stores, all the while, avoiding attacks from the thugs. He hides in an alleyway and notices huge pieces of cloth hanging from above, so he rapidly performs acrobatic moves to twist the material around himself. Thus disguised in the makeshift clothing he finally manages to make his escape. Carmen Wong, who had appeared to be a reporter, turns out to be working for the CIA and she informs Buck that the item everyone seems so keen to get their hands on is a new biological weapon, Anthrax II, many times more powerful than regular anthrax. It is this that had killed the many Turkish people in the film\'s opening scene – Turkey had been chosen as the testing ground. When Buck meets up with Yong, he learns that her boss is crime lord Lee Sang-zen, and a deal had been brokered between him and Buck\'s \'father\'. Buck and Yong are then captured by a Turkish gang and tied up, but the gang themselves are subject to an attack from Lee\'s gang. Buck makes his escape and frees Yong, winding the winch cable of a crane all around the supporting wooden beams of the building and setting the crane to retract the cable. The cable rips through the wooden building, tearing it from its moorings and allows Buck and Yong to escape into the sea. Later the pair are picked up by Lee, and Buck learns that Yong is a drug addict, practically a slave to Lee and her life is in grave danger. Later, as they part, Lee offers Buck a new deal, more money and Yong\'s freedom if he gives Lee what he wants. Realizing that if he saves Yong\'s life, many others may die, Buck seeks the advice of a Turkish priest. The priest knows the various East Asian languages, and was an associate of the old man. He leads Buck to a basement room and gives him the item that everyone has been trying to get their hands on – 2 vials of Anthrax II. He advises Buck to save the one he can and leave the consequences up to God. Buck relents, following the advice of the priest, hands over the vials over to save Yong. However, he soon learns that she has already been given a fatal dose of drugs and is soon dead. Buck tells Carmen that he gave the vials up for Yong\'s life and a desperate race to get them back ensues. Manny reappears in a helicopter to assist Buck as he chases after Lee. At the height of the action, the thugs\' car becomes lodged into the rear of a large oil tanker, which catches fire. In scenes reminiscent of Speed, the driver is told he must keep the tanker traveling at 80&nbsp;km/h or else the fire will spread forward, blowing up the tanker and a huge blast radius around it. Buck pulls the family from the tanker to safety one by one, but cannot escape himself. Manny Liu reappears in a helicopter to help get Buck out, but is unable to. At the last moment, as the tanker heads towards the edge of a disused bridge, Buck leaps from the tanker.Though it is not stated in the film credits, the structure Chan jumps from appears to be one of several viaducts that were damaged during the 1999 İzmit earthquake. As he flies over the edge of the bridge, he grabs the plastic barrier, which is quickly uprooted sending him swinging down towards the ground, as the flaming oil tanker crashes into the ground below and explodes. Buck rolls down a hill after the jump, hitting his head. As he loses consciousness, Manny searches his body for the Antrax II and takes it. When Buck wakes up in the hospital after recovering from his injuries, Manny reveals that his entire adventure was actually an intelligence mission arranged for an undisclosed American intelligence agency, performed by Buck as an informal, non-official agent . His background as an orphan, combined with his talents of extremely sharp intuitions and excellent martial arts skills had made him a perfect candidate for a freelance agent who could perform special missions. The mission was set as a "game" for Buck since he was not an official agent and therefore cannot be briefed about it. His sharp intuition enabled him to interpret his "clues" correctly, thus enabling him to perform his mission successfully. As the end credits are rolling, Jackie Chan\'s is doing another mission, this time in Italy.'] ['{{main}}   The plot is loosely based on the original Yakuza game and is a "one-night-story"Trailer that unfolds in a hot summer night in Kamurocho, the fictitious version of Tokyo Shinjuku\'s Kabukichō. The night begins with a bank robbery by a manzai duo of amateur masked gunmen, and the disappearance of ten billion yen from the Tojo Clan\'s deposits. Meanwhile in Kamurocho streets, former yakuza Kazuma Kiryu and a young girl called Haruka Sawamura search for Mizuki Sawamura the youngster\'s mother and the former\'s childhood love, with Kiryu\'s rival, psychotic yakuza, Goro Majima and his gang on their trail. After a meeting with Kiryu and Haruka in the convenience store Poppo, employee Satoru and his new girlfriend Yui decide to start holding up stores for money and for fun. Elsewhere in the district a mysterious South Korean hitman, Park, tracks down the culprit behind the Tojo Clan heist which leads him toward the infamous Jingu or Mister N and the Millennium Tower. The search for Mizuki brings Kiryu to the top of the Millennium Tower and ends with a clicmatic battle with yakuza Akira Nishikiyama which is Kiryu\'s childhood best friend  gone deadly enemy.'] [" In 1986, MI6 agents James Bond – agent 007 – and Alec Trevelyan – agent 006 – infiltrate an illicit Soviet chemical weapons facility at Arkhangelsk and plant explosive charges. Trevelyan is shot by Colonel Arkady Ourumov, but Bond steals an aeroplane and flees from the facility as it explodes. Nine years later, Bond arrives in Monte Carlo to follow Xenia Onatopp, a suspected member of the Janus crime syndicate, who has formed a suspicious relationship with a Royal Canadian Navy admiral. She murders the admiral to allow Ourumov  to steal his identity. The next day they steal a prototype Eurocopter Tiger helicopter that can withstand an electromagnetic pulse. They fly it to a bunker in Severnaya, where they massacre the staff and steal the control disk for the dual GoldenEye satellite weapons. They program one of the GoldenEye satellites to destroy the complex with an electromagnetic pulse, and escape with programmer Boris Grishenko. Natalya Simonova, the lone survivor, contacts Boris and arranges to meet him in St. Petersburg, where he betrays her to Janus. In London, M assigns Bond to investigate the attack. Bond flies to St. Petersburg to meet CIA agent Jack Wade. He suggests Bond meet Valentin Zukovsky, a Russian Mafia head and business rival of Janus. After Bond gives him a tip on a potential heist, Zukovsky arranges a meeting between Bond and Janus. Xenia is sent to meet Bond at his hotel and attempts to kill him, but he overpowers her and she takes him to Janus. Bond meets Janus who reveals himself as none other than Alec Trevelyan, now badly scarred from the explosion at Arkhangelsk. A descendant of the Cossack clans who collaborated with the Nazi forces in World War II, Trevelyan faked his death, having vowed revenge against Britain for their involvement in his parents' deaths. Just as Bond is about to shoot Trevelyan, Bond is shot with a tranquiliser dart knocking him out. Bond awakens tied up with Natalya in the Tiger helicopter programmed to self-destruct, from which the two escape. They are immediately arrested by the Russian police and are brought to the military archives, where the Russian Minister of Defence Dimitri Mishkin interrogates them. As Natalya reveals the existence of a second satellite and Ourumov's involvement in the massacre at Severnaya, Ourumov bursts into the room, shooting Mishkin. As Ourumov calls for his guards, Bond escapes into the archives with Natalya, where a firefight ensues. Simonova is captured and is dragged into a car by Ourumov. Bond steals a tank and pursues Ourumov through St. Petersburg to Janus' armoured train, where he kills Ourumov as Trevelyan escapes and locks Bond in the train with Simonova. As the train's self-destruct countdown begins, Bond cuts through the floor with his laser watch while Simonova locates Grishenko's satellite dish in Cuba. The two escape just before the train explodes. In Cuba, Bond and Natalya meet Jack Wade and trade Bond's car for Wade's aeroplane. While flying over a Cuban jungle, Bond and Simonova are shot down. As they stumble out of the wreckage, Onatopp rappels down from a helicopter and attacks Bond. After a struggle, Bond shoots down the helicopter, resulting in the death of Onatopp. Bond and Natalya then watch a lake being drained of water, uncovering a satellite dish. They infiltrate the control station, where Bond is captured. Trevelyan reveals his plan to steal money from the Bank of England before erasing all of its financial records with the remaining GoldenEye, concealing the theft and destroying Britain's economy. Meanwhile, Simonova programs the satellite to initiate atmospheric re-entry and destroy itself. As Trevelyan captures Simonova and orders Grishenko to save the satellite, Bond triggers an explosion with his pen grenade and escapes to the antenna cradle. Bond sabotages the antenna, preventing Grishenko from regaining control of the satellite, before turning and fighting Trevelyan. The two end up on the antenna platform, five hundred feet above the dish, and Bond kicks Trevelyan off the side of the platform, but grabs him by the foot and after a brief and personal exchange, Bond lets go of Trevelyan and he falls to the bottom of the pool. The cradle explodes, resulting in the deaths of both Trevelyan and Grishenko. Meanwhile, Simonova commandeers a helicopter and flees with Bond, and the couple is then rescued by Wade and a team of Marines."] ['In 1845, James Howlett, a young boy living in northern Canada, sees his father killed by groundskeeper Thomas Logan. The trauma activates the boy\'s mutation: bone claws protrude from James\' hands, and he kills Thomas, who reveals with his dying breath that he is James\' real father. James flees into the forest along with Thomas\'s son Victor Creed, who is thus James\' half-brother. They spend the next century as soldiers, fighting in the Civil War, both World Wars, and the Vietnam War. In 1973, Victor  attempts to rape a local village woman, but is stopped after killing a senior officer. James  defends his brother, and the two are sentenced to execution by firing squad, which they survive. Major William Stryker  approaches them, now in military custody, and offers them membership in Team X, a group of mutants including marksman Agent Zero , swordsman Wade Wilson , teleporter John Wraith , invulnerable Fred Dukes  and electropathic Chris Bradley . They join the team, but the group\'s questionable actions and disregard for human life cause James to leave. Six years later, James, now going by the name Logan, lives in Canada with his girlfriend, Kayla Silverfox . Colonel Stryker locates Logan and warns him that someone is killing members of the team; both Wilson and Bradley are dead. Shortly afterward, Victor murders Kayla and attacks Logan. Stryker offers Logan a way to beat Victor; Logan undergoes an operation to reinforce his skeleton with adamantium, a virtually indestructible metal. Before the procedure, Logan asks for new dog tags inscribed with "Wolverine", based on a story that Kayla told him. Once the procedure is complete, Stryker orders Logan\'s memory erased, but Logan overhears and fights his way out. As Logan runs, Zero tracks him down, but is killed. Logan locates Wraith and Dukes and asks them about the location of Stryker\'s new laboratory, referred to as "The Island". They tell him to find Remy "Gambit" LeBeau , who escaped and knows the location of The Island. Logan and Wraith locate Gambit in New Orleans, but when Logan asks for the Island\'s location, Gambit suspects he was sent to recapture him and attacks. Outside, Logan finds Victor, who had just killed Wraith and the two fight. When Logan is about to kill Victor, Gambit interrupts, and Victor escapes. Logan and Gambit fight before Logan convinces him he is not working for Stryker. Gambit takes him to Stryker\'s facility on Three Mile Island. After learning of Stryker\'s mutant son and believing that he is too emotionally close to the situation, General Munson tries to shut Weapon XI down, but Stryker kills him. There, Logan learns that Kayla is alive and conspired with Stryker in exchange for her sister\'s safety. Enraged, Logan leaves. Victor then arrives, demanding the adamantium bonding promised for his service, but Stryker refuses on the basis that Victor would not survive the procedure. Victor attempts to kill Kayla, but Logan hears her screams and returns. Logan defeats and nearly kills Victor. Meanwhile, Stryker activates Weapon XI, a "mutant killer" with the abilities of other mutants bonded to Wade Wilson\'s body, which Stryker refers to as "the Deadpool". Kayla and Logan free the imprisoned mutants, and on their escape they are found by Deadpool. Logan holds Deadpool off while the mutants flee. During the escape, Kayla, mortally wounded, decides to stay behind while the party led by Scott Summers  is greeted by Professor Charles Xavier , who offers them shelter at his school. Logan lures Deadpool to the top of one of the plant\'s cooling towers. Logan is almost killed until Victor intervenes. After a lengthy battle, Logan manages to decapitate Deadpool and kick him into the base of the cooling tower. As he falls, the head fires optic blasts that cause the tower to start falling apart. Victor departs and Logan is saved from the collapsing tower by Gambit. After Logan finds Kayla, Stryker shoots him in the forehead with adamantium bullets, rendering him unconscious. Kayla uses her persuasion powers to make Stryker drop the gun and commands him to "walk until [his] feet bleed" before dying from her wounds. Gambit returns as Logan regains consciousness, but the brain damage caused by the bullets has triggered amnesia. Gambit tries convincing Logan to come with him, but he declines, wanting to go his own way.'] ["Randall Thomasson is gunned down while attempting to talk his way out of a carjacking. His brother, Carl, attends his funeral and attempts to make amends with his niece, who is angry that Carl never contacted her or her father. Carl decides to investigate his brother's death, and goes undercover as a teacher, facing cynical and reluctant faculty, violent and disruptive students, and a system that -- to Carl's eyes -- has become broken from the inside, all while attempting to protect his teenage niece. Recruiting Joey Six, and a rather unorthodox janitor, Thomasson turns the school into an after-hours battleground, fighting against well-armed gang members, and -- eventually -- the school's auto-repair teacher , who is also involved in the gang's 'chop-shop' operation."] ["Jo Pil-seong is an idle detective who spends his time scratching off lottery tickets in his office, while his wife and children work in a manwha shop. Pil-seong secretly takes his wife's emergency money of ₩300,000 and tells his friend to bet it on a bull name Gomi in a bullfight. Gomi is declared as a winner, and Pil-seong's friends celebrate their victory later that night as they wait for him to arrive. Meanwhile, an escaped prisoner named Song Gi-tae intervenes in the celebration and steals Pil-seong's money. When Pil-seong finds out what has happened he confronts the criminal, but suffers a humiliating defeat. Pil-seong reports to his colleagues and his boss that he encountered the infamous Gi-tae, but none of them believed in him. In an attempt to recapture Gi-tae, Pil-seong decides to recruit his friends  and found him inside a house with his girlfriend, Kyeong-Joo. Formulating a plan, Pil-seong tells his friends to stand by the outside window of where Gi-tae was, while Pil-seong himself sneaks into the house, armed with pepper spray. Gi-tae, however, was aware of Pil-seong's presence and once escaped before the police arrived. Before leaving, Gi-tae takes out his knife, stabs Pil-seong's right hand, and warns him that the next time he'll kill him if he tries to capture him again. Suffering from public humiliation as well as being kicked out of the house by his wife , Pil-seong decides to train himself in fighting Gi-tae. When taking taekwondo lessons one day, Pil-seong learns that the upper part of the human rib cage is the vulnerable area of taking his opponents down. He later buys himself his own handgun as his own personal defense weapon. In the next encounter of Gi-tae, Pil-seong got him surrounded by keeping Kyeong-joo hostage. As he forced Gi-tae to keep moving on, Pil-seong's friends intervened, causing Gi-tae to escape once again. Pil-seong's friends begged him to give up capturing Gi-tae for his own sake, but he refuses. Meanwhile, one of Gi-tae's accomplice, Pyo Jae-seok, was arrested by Pil-seong. He confiscates Jae-seok's handphone and orders him to bring back the money that Gi-tae stole from him. Learning that Gi-tae was hiding somewhere in a fishing village, Pil-seong uses a bullhorn and asks Gi-tae to reveal himself. Realizing that Pil-seong has the money and Jaeseok's cell phone, Gi-tae calls him and tells him that he is next to the manwha shop where his family works. Holding a gasoline tank, he gives Pil-seong one hour to meet him and bring the money, or else he'll destroy the manwha shop with his family inside. Pil-seong did as he was told but also asked his colleagues and policemen to arrive in his family's manwha shop. Pil-seong arrived in a small fenced area and buried the money, before Gi-tae came. Wanting to capture Gi-tae, he non-fatally shoots him in the stomach with his handgun. He discards his handgun and takes Gi-tae's knife and asks for a fair fight. The battle then ensures as both Pil-seong and Gi-tae beat each other up to the pulp. Finally cornering Pil-seong, Gi-tae asks him for the money and threatens to kill him if he doesn't. Gi-tae finds the money and walks off. However, Pil-seong regained consciousness and eventually defeats his opponent by accurately striking him in the upper rib cage. Pil-seong is barely conscious from the fight, but is satisfied on his efforts of capturing Gi-tae. Pil-seong's colleagues later finds him in the cell sleeping with Gi-tae handcuffed. Few days later, Pil-seong and his colleagues was awarded for a higher position as officers and led a ceremonial parade to Pil-seong's daughter's school. The film ends as Pil-seong and the fellow officers gave a salute."] ['Peter Parker plans to propose to Mary Jane Watson, who has just made her Broadway musical debut. Meanwhile, a small meteorite crashes near the two in Central Park, and an extraterrestrial symbiote attaches itself to Peter\'s moped. Elsewhere, police pursue escaped prisoner Flint Marko. He breaks into the site of an experimental particle accelerator, which fuses his body with the surrounding sand and allows him to shapeshift at will as the Sandman. Peter\'s best friend, Harry Osborn, who knows Peter is Spider-Man and believes that Peter is responsible for his father Norman Osborn\'s death, attacks Peter using new weapons based on his father\'s Green Goblin technology. Harry injures his head on a pipe and suffers from partial amnesia, making him forget his revenge and that Peter is Spider-Man. During a festival honoring Spider-Man, Marko robs an armored car. NYPD Captain George Stacy, Gwen\'s father, tells Peter and Aunt May that Marko was Ben Parker\'s killer, and the deceased Dennis Carradine only an accomplice. While a vengeance-obsessed Peter sleeps, the symbiote bonds with him. Peter wakes up hanging from a skyscraper and discovers his costume has changed and his powers have been enhanced. But the symbiote brings out Peter\'s dark side. Wearing the new black suit, Spider-Man locates Marko and fights him in a subway tunnel. He discovers water is Marko\'s weakness and uses a water pipe to reduce the Sandman to mud. Peter\'s changed personality alienates Mary Jane, whose career is floundering, and she finds solace with Harry. Harry recovers from his amnesia and, urged on by a hallucination of his dead father, compels Mary Jane to break up with Peter. After Mary Jane tells Peter she loves somebody else, Harry meets with Peter and claims to be "the other guy". Later, Peter, wearing the black suit, confronts Harry and after a brutal fight, spitefully tells him his father never loved him. Harry throws a pumpkin bomb at Peter, who deflects it back, disfiguring Harry\'s face. Under the symbiote\'s influence, Peter exposes Eddie Brock, a rival photographer at the Daily Bugle, for submitting doctored photographs showing Spider-Man as a criminal. Furious at having to print a retraction, J. Jonah Jameson fires Eddie. Meanwhile, the Sandman recovers from his injuries. To make Mary Jane jealous, Peter brings Gwen to the nightclub where Mary Jane works. Gwen catches on and storms out. Peter gets into a fight with the bouncers and after accidentally hitting Mary Jane, he realizes the symbiote is changing him. Retreating to a church bell tower, he finds he cannot remove the suit. But the alien weakens as the church bells ring. Peter tears the symbiote off and it falls to the lower tower, landing on Brock, who is praying for Peter\'s death. The symbiote attaches to him and Brock, transformed into Venom, finds the Sandman and offers to join forces. Brock hijacks Mary Jane\'s taxi cab and hangs it from a web hundreds of feet above a sand-filled construction site. Peter seeks Harry\'s help, to no avail. Harry later learns the truth about his father\'s death and decides to help Peter. Harry temporarily subdues a gigantic incarnation of the Sandman while Brock tries to impale Peter with Harry\'s glider. Harry jumps in the way and is stabbed instead. Fighting the symbiote, Peter recalls how the church bells weakened it. He grabs pipes and creates a ring around the symbiote, creating a wall of sonic vibrations. The alien releases Brock, and Peter uses his webbing to pull Brock from the creature. However, the symbiote, having gained more than enough power from Peter and Brock, is capable to live on its own without a host. Peter throws a pumpkin bomb at the symbiote, but Brock jumps in to rebond with it, and both are destroyed by the blast. Marko tells Peter he never intended to kill his uncle, but only wanted his car and shot him by accident when Dennis grabbed his arm. He claims Ben\'s death has haunted him since. Peter forgives Marko, who dissipates and floats away. Peter and Harry forgive each other, and Harry dies with Mary Jane and Peter at his side. Days later, Peter visits the jazz bar where Mary Jane is singing, and they dance.'] ['Billy Jack is introduced as an enigmatic, half-Indian Vietnam War veteran who shuns society, taking refuge in the peaceful solitude of the California Central Coast mountains. His troubles begin when he descends from this unspoiled setting and drives into a small beach town named Big Rock . A minor traffic accident in which a motorist hits a motorcyclist results in a savage beating by members of the Born Losers Motorcycle Club. The horrified bystanders  are too afraid to help or be involved in any way. Billy Jack jumps into the fray and rescues the man by himself. At this point the police arrive and arrest Billy for using a rifle to stop the fight.  The police throw Billy in jail and fine him heavily for discharging a rifle in public. He is treated with suspicion and hostility by the police. Meanwhile, the marauding bikers terrorize the town, rape four teenage girls , and threaten anyone slated to testify against them. One of the girls, played by Susan Foster, later recants, saying she willingly gave herself to the biker gang.  Co-scriptwriter Elizabeth James plays Vicky Barrington, a bikini-clad damsel-in-distress who is twice abducted and abused by the gang. The second time, she and Billy are kidnapped together. After Billy is brutally beaten, Vicky agrees to become the gang\'s sexually compliant "biker mama" if they release Billy. At the police station, Billy is unable to get help from the police or the local residents and must return to the gang\'s lair to rescue Vicky by himself. The bikers lair was once owned by silent film star Rudolph Valentino as a get-a-way from Hollywood. It is located in Seal Beach. Billy, armed with a Springfield rifle, captures the gang, shoots the leader  between the eyes, and forces some of the others to take Vicky, who\'s been badly beaten herself, to the hospital. As the police finally arrive, Billy abruptly rides off on one of the gang\'s motorcycles. The anti-authority sentiment continues up to the end when a police deputy accidentally shoots Billy in the back, mistaking him for a fleeing gang member. He is later found, nearly dead, lying by the shore of a lake. He is placed on a stretcher and is flown to the hospital in a helicopter as Vicky and the sheriff give him a salute.'] ["Former New Orleans cop Jack Robideaux  arrives with his pet rabbit in Columbus, New Mexico to take a job with the border patrol, working for Captain Ramona Garcia . At the moment, the border patrol is up against a highly dangerous drug smuggling operation, in which the smugglers are funneling illegal immigrants and bricks of heroin through the porous defenses of the Mexico/U.S. border. Migrants are randomly outfitted with C4 vests, so any border patrol agent who interferes might get blown up. As it turns out, the smugglers are a rogue special forces unit led by Benjamin Meyers  and his right hand man Karp , who have taken over all of the smuggling operations in the area by killing major drug kingpins Felix Nestor  and Benito Ortiz . Jack and his partner Billy Pawnell ([[Gary McDonald  have their work cut out for them in trying to bring down Meyers and his operation. When Myers and his men take over and rig a missionary bus to smuggle drugs, Jack and Billy pursue them across the border, out of their jurisdiction, and Jack is captured by the local police, who are working for Meyers. Once Jack is taken from a Mexican jail to Meyers's compound, it turns out that Billy is working for Meyers, who has also kidnapped Ramona and her uncle Emile . Meyers kills Emile by throwing him into a pool of water charged by live wires. It turns out that Jack has a personal reason for going after Meyers -- Meyers's drugs killed Jack's daughter Kassie  about three months ago, when Kassie was barely 16 years old. Jack's pet rabbit was Kassie's rabbit, and he carries it around in memory of Kassie. He also swore on her grave to take down whatever drug operation he could find. Jack and Ramona manage to free themselves and kill Billy. Ramona calls for help from Mexican police, and she and Jack start fighting their way through Meyers's men. Ramona goes to find an escape vehicle but is knocked out in a car crash. Jack is confronted by Karp, who is a martial arts expert. They fight, and Jack beats Karp to death. Meyers, whose potential investors have abandoned him, confronts Jack and is about to shoot him when Jack throws an explosive collar toward Meyers and detonates it. Later on, Ramona advises Jack to go back to New Orleans and be with his wife."] ["On Christmas Eve, one year after the Nakatomi Tower Incident, John McClane is waiting at Washington Dulles International Airport for his wife Holly to arrive from Los Angeles, California. Reporter Richard Thornburg, who exposed Holly's identity to Hans Gruber in the first Die Hard, is assigned a seat across the aisle from her. While in the airport bar, McClane spots two men in army fatigues carrying a package; one of the men has a gun. Suspicious, he follows them into the baggage area. After a shootout, he kills one of the men while the other escapes. Learning the dead man is a mercenary thought to have been killed in action, McClane believes he's stumbled onto a nefarious plot. He relates his suspicions to airport police Captain Carmine Lorenzo, but Lorenzo refuses to listen and has McClane thrown out of his office. Former U.S. Army Special Forces Colonel Stuart and other members of his unit set up a base in a church near Dulles after executing the church's custodian. They take over the air traffic control systems, cutting off communication to the planes, and seize control of the airport. Their goal is to rescue General Ramon Esperanza, a drug lord and the dictator of Val Verde, who is being extradited to the United States to stand trial on drug trafficking charges. They demand a Boeing 747 so they can escape to another country, and warn the airport's controllers not to try to restore control. Upon learning of this, McClane realizes his wife is on one of the planes circling above Washington, D.C. with too little fuel to be redirected, and will likely crash if the terrorists remain in control. He prepares to fight the terrorists. Dulles communications director Leslie Barnes heads to the unfinished Annex Skywalk with a SWAT team to re-establish communications with the planes. Stuart's henchmen, disguised as painters, maintenance employees, and airport staff, ambush them. In the resulting shootout, all the SWAT officers are killed, as is one of Stuart's men. Before they can shoot Barnes, McClane bursts in through an air vent. After a shootout, McClane kills the rest of Stuart's men. When Stuart learns of this, he responds by recalibrating the instrument landing system and then impersonating air traffic controllers to crash a jet, killing all 230 passengers and crew on board the aircraft. In response, a U.S. Army Special Forces team is called in, led by Major Grant. A two-way radio dropped by one of Stuart's henchmen tips McClane that Esperanza is landing. McClane gets there before Stuart's henchmen, but Stuart traps him in Esperanza's transport plane and throws grenades into the cockpit. McClane escapes via the ejection seat just as the aircraft explodes. Barnes is then able to help McClane locate the mercenaries' hideout and they tell Grant and his team to raid the location. However, the mercenaries escape on snowmobiles during a shootout between Grant's team and Stuart's team. McClane pursues them, killing two more mercenaries and taking a snowmobile, but the gun he picked up does not work. He realizes that the gun contained blanks and that the mercenaries and Special Forces are working together. McClane contacts Lorenzo to send out officers to intercept the Boeing 747 in which the mercenaries are planning to escape, proving his story by firing at Lorenzo with the blank gun. Thornburg, after learning about the situation through a radio transmission from Barnes, barricades himself in the airplane lavatory and phones in a sensational and exaggerated take on what is happening at Dulles, leading to panic in the airport and preventing the officers from reaching the plane. After learning of this, Holly enters the lavatory and subdues Thornburg with a taser. McClane hitches a ride on a news helicopter that drops him off on the left wing of the mercenary plane and he blocks the ailerons with his jacket, preventing the plane from taking off. Grant emerges and fights McClane, but is sucked into the jet engine and killed. Stuart comes out to fight next, and succeeds in knocking McClane off the plane, but not before McClane knocks open the fuel hatch. After landing, McClane uses his cigarette lighter to ignite the trail of leaking fuel, which races down the runway to the wing, ignites the rest of the fuel and destroys the jet, killing all on board. The passenger planes, circling in the air, use the lighted trail to land, and McClane and his wife are reunited."] [' Slim , Frank , Otis  and Alex  are a group of youthful bank robbers who commit their crimes anonymously and in innovative ways involving extreme sports such as skating and snowboarding. The group evade capture from the police, led by Lieutenant Macgruder , and plan even more daring robberies. But an anonymous individual seems to know who they all are and threatens to inform the police unless they undertake a robbery for him. Subsequently, the Mafia, represented by underworld enforcer Surtayne , instruct the group to work for them, otherwise they will be killed. At the same time, Slim becomes romantically involved with Karen , a detective who distrusts Lieutenant Macgruder and believes that he is not doing all he can to find the bank robbers and bring them to justice. Ultimately Slim, the leader and brains of the group, hatches a plan for their final retirement: five consecutive burglaries, in five days, involving 20 million dollars. In the process of executing the robberies, the group turn the tables on the anonymous individual  and the Mafia and escape with all of the money that they have stolen, to a foreign country. Karen comes to realise that Slim is one of the bank robbers but consoles herself with the arrest of Lieutenant Macgruder, as Otis had managed to plant some of the stolen money in his office while posing as a cleaner.'] ["Sniper Thomas Beckett  is hired by NSA officials William Avery  and Richard Addis ([[William Duffy  to perform a covert operation to eliminate a suspected terrorist kingpin in the People's Republic of Vietnam who was providing support for Jemaah Islamiyah. The kingpin turns out to be a thought-dead friend and war-buddy of Beckett's, Paul Finnegan . Because he views the mission as a very personal one, Beckett demands that he conduct the mission alone, without a spotter. The real purpose of the mission turns out to be something other than what Beckett was told. Beckett begins to suspect his employers' motives are not what they claimed after he is counter-sniped at after attempting to assassinate Finnegan. Beckett undertakes a mission of his own to get to the bottom of the mystery, involving escaping from capture by Vietnamese police, working with an NSA-recruited Vietnamese police operative Quan  and using his military training to search for Finnegan. By and large the plot focuses on governmental betrayal and resultant feelings of disillusion."] ['The film opens up on Operation Eagle Claw, the American operation to rescue American hostages being held at the U.S. embassy to Tehran. The operation is being aborted after a fatal helicopter crash, with the U.S. Delta Force evacuating to their C-130 transports. Among them is Major Scott McCoy , who, against orders, rescues his wounded comrade Pete Peterson ([[William Wallace  from the burning helicopter before the team finally evacuates. McCoy expresses his disgust for the politicians and military hierarchy that forced the mission to launch despite the risks, and announces he is resigning his commission. Five years later, a group of Lebanese terrorists armed with a Colt M1911, PM-63 machine pistol and AK-47s hijack American Travelways Boeing 707  Flight 282 that is on a flight from Cairo, Egypt to Athens, Greece to Rome, Italy and then to New York City. Taking all passengers and crew hostage, the group, the pro-Khomeini New World Revolutionary Organization, led by Abdul Rifi  and Mustafa , forces Captain Roger Campbell  and his crew to fly the plane to Beirut, Lebanon, where they make demands to the United States government that, if not met, will result in the death of the hostages. During the crisis, they separate the Israeli passengers from the Americans by forcing the flight attendant to identify them, who is hesitant to do so because she is German. When the plane lands in Algiers for refueling, the terrorists bring a dozen additional henchmen on board and release the female hostages and children. Meanwhile Delta Force, led by Colonel Nick Alexander  and McCoy, are deployed to resolve the crisis. Once the female hostages are evacuated, they launch their assault, only to discover too late that there are additional hijackers and inadvertently alert the terrorists. Abdul kills one hostage, a US Navy diver named Tom, taking the other two US divers with them as well as dozens of male Jewish passengers on board to Beirut. Delta Force gives chase to rescue the remaining hostages. Upon landing in Beirut, the terrorists gather their hostages and transport them to a militant-controlled area of Beirut. Using a sympathetic Greek Orthodox priest, Israeli Army Intelligence prepares an operation to free the hostages. In a prolonged campaign against the terrorists, Delta Force bides their time to identify the terrorist leaders and the location of the hostages. Once their location is discovered, Delta Force assaults the terrorist holdout, freeing the hostages and evacuating them to the airport. During the battle, McCoy, Peterson and their team hunts down Abdul and his men, killing most of the militants before Abdul shoots Peterson, gravely injuring him. McCoy chases Abdul and tracks him down to an abandoned home. He then engages him into a vicious hand-to-hand fight, breaking Abdul\'s arm. As the terrorist leader prepares to shoot McCoy, he is killed after McCoy launches a rocket into his car With the hostages and rescue teams secured, the team seizes Flight 282 by secretly infiltrating the airfield through a cotton field. Using silenced weapons, Alexander and the Delta team assassinates the terrorist guards including the last hijacker and saves the crew, ordering them to fly to Israel. The team boards the plane with all of the hostages, taking off just as McCoy is the last one to board the plane after having destroyed several terrorist jeeps on the runway with his motorcycle armament. On board the team tends to the wounded passengers and Pete who is now dying. After having confirmed that the hostages are safe and en route home, Pete says his farewells to McCoy before succumbing to his wounds. In the main cabin the ex-hostages and Delta commandos join together in a rousing rendition of "America The Beautiful", not knowing about Pete\'s death. In Israel, the plane lands safely and the hostages are greeted by their families, while Delta Force disembarks with Pete\'s body in tow. The team concludes their operation and departs for the United States amidst celebrations by the people.'] ["El Mariachi  is recruited by CIA agent Sheldon Sands  to kill General Emiliano Marquez , leader of a guerilla force who has been hired by Mexican drug lord Armando Barillo  to assassinate the President of Mexico  and overthrow the government. Many years ago, El Mariachi and his wife Carolina  confronted Marquez in a shootout and wounded the general; in retaliation, Marquez took the lives of Carolina and their daughter in an ambush. In addition to El Mariachi, Sands persuades former FBI agent Jorge Ramírez  to come out of retirement and kill Barillo, who had murdered his partner Archuleta in the past. Furthermore, AFN operative Ajedrez  is assigned by Sands to tail Barillo. While monitoring Barillo's activities, Ramírez meets Billy Chambers , an American fugitive who has been living under the protection of Barillo, but can no longer stomach the horrible tasks he's been forced to carry out for him. Ramirez convinces Chambers he will provide him protection in exchange for getting closer to Barillo by tagging Chambers' pet chihuahua with a hidden microphone, and Chambers agrees to complete the deal by surrendering to U.S. authorities once Barillo has been taken down. Cucuy , who was originally hired by Sands to keep an eye on El Mariachi, tranquilizes El Mariachi and brings him to Barillo's mansion. Cucuy, however, is promptly killed by Chambers while El Mariachi escapes from captivity and calls his friends Lorenzo  and Fideo  to assist him in his mission. While monitoring Barillo's activity outside a hospital, Ramírez notices armed men storming the building and follows suit. He discovers that a group of doctors have been gunned down and Barillo has bled to death as a result of a botched facial reconstruction, but realizes that the corpse on the operating table is a body double before he is knocked out and kidnapped by the real Barillo and Ajedrez, who reveals herself to be Barillo's daughter. Sands realizes his mission has been compromised, but is too late, as he is captured by Barillo and Ajedrez—who drill out his eyes before sending him out. Despite his blindness, he manages to gun down a hitman tailing him with the aid of a chiclet boy. As the village celebrates Day of the Dead, Marquez and his army storm in and attack the presidential palace. The guerrillas, however, are met with resistance from not only the Mexican army, but the villagers and the Mariachis. Marquez enters the presidential palace, only to once again confront El Mariachi, who shoots out his kneecaps before finishing him off with a headshot. Ramírez, who was released from captivity by Chambers, faces Barillo. After Barillo guns down Chambers, Ramírez and El Mariachi kill the drug lord. Sands manages to shoot the sadistic Ajedrez dead outside the presidential palace. Ultimately, Lorenzo and Fideo walk away with the loot that Barillo was using to pay Marquez, and escort the president to safety. Ramírez walks away, having accomplished his job. El Mariachi gives his part of the loot to his village before walking into the sunset while Sands begins his new life as a blind man."] ['The film begins at a blood bank. A homeless man walks into the clinic and sits by another homeless man  with a scar running down his chin. A nurse takes the latter man into a room with several people waiting where he is to be drained of blood, but kills his captors and reveals himself to be a new breed of vampire. Two years have passed since the climax of the first film, and Blade  has been trying to find Whistler , who survived his suicide attempt. He has been sweeping across Russia and eastern Europe, searching for his old friend and mentor, enlisting the aid of a young man, Scud , to design him a new line of gadgetry and weaponry. In the first scene, Blade fights his way through a large gang of vampires, leaving one of their vampires, Rush , alive. Blade tells Rush he will be back for him. Blade finds Whistler locked in a tank by a gang of vampires who were keeping him alive for purposes of torture. Blade rescues Whistler and brings him to Prague. Meanwhile, a crisis has arisen in the vampire community. What appears to be a more developed strain of vampirism  is sweeping through their ranks, giving its carriers new characteristics. The original carrier of the strain is Jared Nomak . Stronger than common vampires, the Reapers have three-way jaws, leech-like suckers and hearts encased in a thick layer of bone, making them invulnerable to any weapon barring sunlight. They also have a "ravenous" hunger, requiring more feeding than vampires, and even their dead victims become Reapers. The reapers also appear to be immune to silver and garlic. In order to combat the virus, the vampire elder  Eli Damaskinos  sends his minions, Asad  and Damaskinos\' daughter Nyssa  to find and strike an uneasy truce with Blade. Upon meeting Eli Damaskinos and his familiar Karl Kounen , Blade learns of the vampire community\'s plight. They concede to him that the Reapers are the greater evil and once they finish the vampire population, they will descend on humankind. To this end, Blade teams up with the Bloodpack, a group of vampire warriors and assassins who were originally assembled to kill him. The group consists of Rheinhardt , Chupa , Snowman , Verlaine , Lighthammer  and Priest . Blade plants an explosive on the back of Rheinhardt\'s head to keep him under control. The group starts at a vampire nightclub, while Whistler acts as a sniper to guard Scud in the teams\' transport. The mission goes wrong when the group finds the Reapers are immune to silver, physically much stronger than normal vampires, and resistant to normally crippling injuries even for vampires. Priest is fed on by one of the Reapers, while Blade fights Nomak. Nomak is immune even to Blade\'s anti-coagulant spikes, and Nomak leaves only because of the sunlight. While Blade and the Blood Pack are fighting in the club, Scud is attacked by several Reapers while Whistler goes missing. Scud is able to drive off or kill the Reapers using UV lights on the transport. Whistler returns after the battle to show them a dying Reaper at a sewer entrance, showing the location of the Reaper Nest. Nyssa autopsies the dying Reaper while Scud and Whistler make UltraViolet weapons for the team. The team reequips and goes down into the sewers. Lighthammer succumbs to infection he received at the club and kills Snowman. He chases down Verlaine who kills them both when she opens a sewer hatch to the sunlight. Chupa and Rheinhardt decide to kill Whistler for Priests\' death, but Chupa is killed when Whistler sprays him with a Reaper pheromone. Asad and Nyssa walk into a nest and Asad is pull underwater and killed. Nyssa is saved by Blade, who uses a cluster-UV device, while Nyssa and Rheinhardt escape the blast. After a battle Blade is apprehended by Damaskinos\' forces, along with Whistler and Scud. It is revealed that, in his efforts to create a new race of vampires , Damaskinos  turned Nomak into the first reaper. Scud is also revealed to be one of Damaskinos\' "familiars". Blade however, is aware of Scud\'s status and kills him with a bomb . With the reapers gone, Damaskinos planned to dissect Blade to create more daywalkers. However, Whistler escapes and rescues Blade. Blade fights his way through Damaskinos\' henchmen, which ends with Rheinhardt being killed. Meanwhile, Nomak has entered Damaskinos\' stronghold seeking revenge on his father. Just before he can escape to his helicopter, Damaskinos is betrayed by Nyssa  and is killed by Nomak after trying to negotiate with him. In order to "complete the circle", Nomak bites Nyssa, drinking her blood. When Nomak attempts to leave, He is then confronted by Blade. After a brutal fight, Blade finds the weak spot in Nomak\'s physical defenses and jams his sword beneath his arm, bypassing the bone shield around his heart. Nomak then pushes it through, killing himself. With Nomak dead, Blade then carries Nyssa  outside for the sunrise to honor her last wish to see the sunlight, and die as a vampire. When the sun rises she disintegrates in his arms. In the film\'s last scene, Blade disposes of Rush in a strip club booth, stating "Now you didn\'t think I\'d forget about you" and stabbing him in the head through the glass.'] ["Modesty Blaise is working as a croupier in a casino in Tangier. A group of violent criminals assassinate her employer and enter the casino shooting staff and demanding entry to the casino's safe. Modesty delays her retaliation and retribution as she protects the lives of her staff. When the criminals kill the only person who can open the safe, Modesty arranges for a fellow employee to arrive who has the password for the computer that holds the details of the entry to the vault. As the criminals and their captives await the individual, Modesty takes on the leader of the criminals at the game of roulette. They agree that if she wins twice in a row a captive sworn to not tell what happened is released; when she loses she has to tell the truth about her background to the leader of the criminals who has become fascinated by her. She relates her life story little by little in the manner of Scheherazade. Modesty tells her life story in flashback beginning as an orphaned child in a refugee camp in the Balkans, to her meeting her mentor who teaches her his knowledge of various languages and martial arts until his death in Algeria where she makes her way to Tangier and becoming a croupier. The criminals eventually enter the safe but are confronted with a revenging Modesty."] ["Steven Seagal stars as a tough cop, Jacob King, whose brutal methods have gained him a legendary reputation among his colleagues. Seemingly indifferent to the fact his twin brother was murdered in front of him as a child, Seagal investigates a series of brutal killings, most involving young, attractive women. The murderer, Lazerus, played by Michael Filipowich, leaves cryptic, astronomical clues at the crime scenes. At the same time, another murderer, Billy Joe Hill , is killing women. King finds him and kicks him out a window, after which Hill seeks revenge by murdering Celine , whom he believes to be King's girlfriend. King goes on a brutal rampage through the Memphis underworld with the assistance of his partner, Detective Storm Anderson  and the coroner . King meets FBI agent Frankie Miller  but dislikes her because she doesn't approve of his methods. Lazerus attempts to frame King for the murder of a blonde barmaid, and Miller believes the frame and begins to pursue King. Meanwhile, King locates Lazerus and fights him, using a ball-peen hammer to break every bone in his body. He then goes after Billy Joe Hill and kills him after finding Celine dead. King then runs away, leaving Anderson a note explaining he's quitting because no one likes his style of justice. The final scene shows King returning to what appears to be his Russian wife and family."] ["John Hatch  informs his CIA handlers that his next hit will be his last. Unfortunately, he soon discovers that his target isn't a criminal at all. Refusing to take the woman out, Hatch instead takes it upon himself to protect her and expose the web of corruption at work."] ["Seoul Raiders sees the return of the agent Lam . This time round Lam must team up with JJ  a thief who like Lam is tracking a pair of plates used to make fake American dollars. When the plates are captured and make their way to Korea, Lam gets on a plane and with the aid of his female sidekicks he searches for the plates in Seoul, tracking a man who he believes to have stolen them. Lam, special agent of Japanese national security, enters into an intricate search for “The Avenger” a pair of flawless printing plates used for the making of counterfeit notes. During the hunt, he comes across JJ , who happens be a thief with a hidden agenda. When JJ thinks she has successfully walked away with the plates, she does not realize Lam has preempted her by swapping it with an empty case. Lam goes to the US Embassy with the plates to claim the $30 million reward offered by the US Government but is outwitted by a staffer there named Owen , who manages to drug him and flee to Korea with the plates. Lam immediately follows Owen to Korea and meets up with a bevy of pretty Korean assistants . When Owen is about to trade the plates with “Black Bear,” a top dog of the Korean underworld, Lam and his girls break in to thwart the deal, but Owen escapes with the plates in the nick of time. Meanwhile, Lam bumps into JJ in Korea, and the pair decide to work together to take back the plates and split the reward. While Owen is immersing himself in a hot spring, Lam sneaks in and snatches the plates. He then uses the plates to lure Owen into his trap, arresting him in the end. Only then does he realize that Owen is in fact a CIA undercover agent. While Lam and Owen reconcile and decide to cooperate to bring down “Black Bear,” JJ secretly retrieves the plates from Owen's hiding place but only ends up leading “Black Bear” to the plates and is kidnapped into the bargain. Lam and Owen has no alternative but to meet “Black Bear” in a deserted sports stadium to settle the deal once and for all."] ['Small-time gangster Ugo Piazza  gets released from prison. He tries to convince the police, the mafia, his psychotic ex-friend Rocco  and his girlfriend Nelly Bordon  that he wants to go straight, but everyone believes he has $300,000 of stolen money hidden somewhere.'] ["The year is 1984. Captain First Rank Marko Ramius , is the commanding officer of Red October, a new Soviet submarine whose caterpillar drive renders it undetectable to sonar. Ramius leaves port on orders to conduct exercises with the submarine V.K. Konovalov, commanded by his former student Captain Tupolev . Once at sea, Ramius murders political officer Ivan Putin , the only man aboard besides himself who knows the sub's true orders. Ramius then burns the orders, pulls out phonies and commands the crew to head toward America's east coast to conduct missile drills. The USS Dallas, an American submarine on patrol in the north Atlantic, briefly detects Red October but loses contact once Ramius engages the silent drive. The next morning, CIA analyst Dr. Jack Ryan  briefs US government officials on the departure of Red October and the threat it poses. Officials in the briefing, learning that the Soviet Navy has been deployed to sink Red October, fear Ramius may plan an unauthorized strike against the United States. Ryan, however, hypothesizes that Ramius instead plans to defect, and leaves for the North Atlantic to prove his theory before the US Navy is ordered to sink Red October. Red October{{'}}s caterpillar drive fails at sea and sabotage is suspected. No longer silent, the sub comes under attack by Soviet forces and begins risky maneuvers through undersea canyons. Petty Officer Jones , a sonar technician aboard Dallas, plots an interception course. Ryan arranges a hazardous mid-ocean rendezvous to get aboard Dallas, where he attempts to persuade its captain, Commander Bart Mancuso , to contact Ramius and determine his intentions. The Soviet Ambassador, who earlier claimed that Red October was lost at sea and requested US assistance in a rescue mission, at this point informs the US that the sub is a renegade and asks for US help to sink it. An order to do this is communicated to the US Fleet, including Dallas. Bart Mancuso is conflicted about whether he should sink Red October as ordered, but Ryan convinces him to make contact and offer to assist Ramius in his defection. Ramius, stunned that the Americans correctly guessed his plan to defect, accepts their cooperation. He then stages a nuclear reactor emergency and orders the bulk of his crew to abandon ship, telling Red October{{'}}s doctor Petrov  that he and the other officers will scuttle the sub rather than let it be captured. Ramius submerges and Ryan, Mancuso and Jones come aboard via a rescue sub, at which point Ramius requests asylum in the United States for himself and his officers. Thinking their mission is complete, Red October{{'}}s skeleton crew are surprised by a torpedo attack from Konovalov, which has followed them across the Atlantic. As the two Soviet subs maneuver, Red Octobers cook Loginov , an undercover GRU agent, opens fire at the fire control, fatally wounding Ramius's first officer, Vasily Borodin  before retreating into the missile launch area, followed by Ramius and Ryan. Loginov shoots Ramius, but Ryan guns down the saboteur just before he can detonate a missile and destroy the sub. Meanwhile, with help from Dallas, Red October makes evasive maneuvers, causing Konovalov to be destroyed by one of its own torpedoes. The evacuated crew of Red October on board a US Navy rescue ship witness this explosion and, not knowing that there is a second Soviet sub, assume it was Red October. Their subterfuge complete, Ryan and Ramius sail Red October to the Penobscot River in Maine."] ["Acid Factory is about a group of characters whose sense of past has vanished in a haze of coma like sleep they have woken up from only to discover that reality could be a figment of their imagination. Their sense of right or wrong is clouded by this state of complete distrust and self-righteousness. As the story reveals through the hazy mist of confusion confounded by loss off memory, the audience is just shown the tip of the iceberg. Five men wake up inside the stolid confines of a factory to find themselves locked in this claustrophobic nowhere land. As the plot unfolds we gradually learn that two of the people who are trapped have been kidnapped and held hostage by the rest of the three for a heist. But the irony is they themselves do not know who the hostages are and who the kidnappers are. The plot is like a Rubik cube that acquires the contours of solid colours on each side as the narrative unfolds. Their fears are heightened by a phone call from the leader of the gang of goons who informs them that he is on his way with the heist and plans to knock off the two hostages as soon as he arrives. Every one fears for their lives as they are unaware about the fact which two of them are the hostages. They plan escape, fail and end lunging at each other in despair as the clock ticks away. Individual foibles and shortcomings surface in this final hour of despair. Like caged animals they alternately bicker among themselves and then jointly plan means of escape but to no avail. The Big Boss eventually arrives. It is revealed in the end that Sarthak and J.D. are business partners and Sarthak was going to sell their company and in order to avenge that, J.D. plans Sarthak's kidnapping. Romeo is an undercover cop who becomes a part of this plan to get close to the gang headed by Kaiser. In the end, the gang goes to jail and Romeo and Sarthak get back to their lives."] ["After a bank robbery, four criminals try to escape to the village of Santo Cristo in Acapulco, but they hijack the plane when a storm requires the pilot to start to turn around. They force the pilot to continue flying. After the copilot struggles with one of the hijackers, the plane's instrument panel is destroyed and it crashes. Most of the passengers and one of the hijackers die in the crash. The criminals gather the remaining passengers, killing those too injured to be of use, and force the rest to haul their loot through the swamp to the town they need to reach to finish their escape. While they gather the loot, a crocodile suddenly emerges from the water and eats the pilot. The criminals empty three guns into it, killing it. As they travel through the swamp, they start falling prey to the dead crocodile's furious 30 foot mother (The crocodile from the [[Crocodile . As the passengers struggle to survive crocodile, the only hope for rescue is in the hands of Zach, the boyfriend of one of the stewardesses and a tracker he runs into a bar that he hires to search for the crashed plane. Max  forces the tracker to leave Mia  and Zach behind. But during the flight, Roland  grabbed Max's gun and shot Max to the chest, killing him. When Roland tries to turn back, his chopper was grabbed by the crocodile. The croc left Roland to die in an explosion. Mia  Zach became the only survivors and kill the croc by using a life boat's gasoline and lighting it with her lighter, resulting in the croc blowing up. At the end of the film, Mia and Zach are at a resort swimming. As Mia jumps in the water the croc appears and eats her, she then wakes up, realizing that it was just a dream. A loud roar is heard as the camera zooms out the swamp, foreshadowing another beast of some sort."] ['John Rambo , having been tried, convicted, and sentenced to time at hard labor, is working in a labor camp prison when he gets a visit from his former commander, Colonel Sam Trautman . Trautman offers Rambo the chance to be released from prison after the events of the first film and given full clemency, but on condition of him going into Vietnam to search for POWs. Rambo meets Marshal Murdock ([[Charles Napier , an American bureaucrat who is in charge of the operation and he tells Rambo that the public is demanding knowledge about the POWs and they want a trained commando to go in and search for them. Rambo is briefed that he is only to photograph the POWs and not to rescue them, nor is he to engage any enemy soldiers. Rambo reluctantly agrees and he is then told that an agent of the US government will be there to receive him in the jungles of Vietnam. Rambo parachutes into the Vietnamese jungles, but loses most of his equipment in the process and is left only with his knives and his bow and arrows. He meets the agent, a local woman named Co-Bao , who wants to go to the US, and who arranges for her and Rambo to go upstream with a group of river pirates. Rambo comes to the camp, and in contradiction to his briefing, he finds the POW there and rescues one of them from torture. Later at the camp, a patrol discovers a dead sentry whom Rambo eliminated with a throwing knife. In response, a large patrol goes out into the jungles in search of the  intruder. Rambo, Co and the POW escape with the pirates, but are attacked by a Vietnam People\'s Navy gunboat and are promptly betrayed by the pirates, who fear the military\'s reprisals should they not cooperate; Rambo sends Co and the POW to safety and manages to destroy the gunboat with an RPG-7 and kill all the pirates. When Rambo calls for extraction, he is denied as Murdock fears what will happen to him and his party if the public come to know about it. Rambo and the POW are recaptured. Rambo\'s wrists are bound to an oxen yoke and he is lowered partially naked into a leech-infested cesspit . Later Rambo learns that the Soviet Army is aiding the Vietnamese and training them, and is tortured badly by a Soviet officer, Lt. Col. Podovsky  and his silent, robust henchman Sergeant Yushin . Rambo is ordered to contact the military and tell them that they should not send any more commandos for rescue operations in Vietnam. Meanwhile, Co enters the camp in the guise of a prostitute and comes to the hut in which Rambo is held captive. Rambo agrees to Podovsky\'s condition, but instead threatens Murdock on the radio that he is "coming to get you." With that, Rambo takes Podovsky and Yushin by surprise and escapes from there, with Co bursting on the scene and firing at the villains. He then escapes from captivity into a nearby jungle with Co\'s help. Co then tends to Rambo\'s wounds and begins to implore him to take her to the US. Rambo agrees and they kiss; however, they are then attacked by some Vietnamese soldiers and Co is killed. Rambo kills them all  and then buries Co\'s body in the jungle. Following his escape, the camp\'s Vietnamese soldiers and Soviet commandos are sent to look for him. Rambo assembles his weapons, and using guerrilla warfare tactics, is able to kill a large number of enemy troops in the jungle. He proceeds to a small enemy camp and destroys it and several vehicles with explosive arrows.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C9M3Cs-X6bo He hijacks a helicopter from the Soviets after throwing Sergeant Yushin out and proceeds towards the POW camp. He destroys most of the camp with the helicopter, then lands and arms himself with the machine gun that is mounted on the Huey, kills the remaining soldiers, and rescues all the POWs. They get to the helicopter and head towards the US camp in Thailand. Lt. Col. Podovsky chases them in his Mil Mi-24 helicopter gunship. Although Rambo\'s helicopter is heavily damaged by Podovsky\'s helicopter, he manages to land his helicopter on a river, then fakes his death. When Podovsky comes near him and gets careless, Rambo fires a rocket at Podovsky\'s chopper, destroying it. Rambo then returns to the base and wrecks Murdock\'s command center using the helicopter\'s machine gun. He threatens Murdock with a knife, challenging him to find and rescue the remaining POWs in Vietnam. Trautman then comforts Rambo and tries to pacify him. An angry Rambo responds that he only wants his country to love its soldiers as much as its soldiers love it. As Rambo leaves, Trautman asks him, "How will you live, John?" To which Rambo replies, "Day by day." The film credits roll as Rambo walks off into the distance while his mentor watches him.'] ['Living in Manhattan, Tom  is a cook who has a hard time holding down his job. His wife, Sofia , is an attorney. When their first child is born, they agree that she will be a full-time mom and he will work to get a promotion. When Tom gets fired over defending his friend Paco , he takes a job in Ohio working at the ad agency where his father-in-law is the assistant director. Tom is assigned to report to Chip . Chip is a competitive and hard-driving wheelchair-using man who is coincidentally Sofia\'s ex-boyfriend from high school. Chip still carries a desire for her, so he conspires to make Tom\'s work life miserable. As Tom\'s frustrations mount, Chip begins to sway Sofia to his side. Tom begins to suspect that Chip isn\'t handicapped at all and goes through his desk. He finds a photo of Chip playing tennis and rushes to his in-laws\' house to see his wife and show her the picture. He finds Chip having dinner with Sofia and her parents and holding Tom\'s child. Tom angrily tries to prove that Chip is not actually paralyzed and pulls him up a flight of stairs and drops him, expecting him to stand up to prevent falling. Chip doesn\'t stand up and Tom is humiliated in front of his family. Later, he apprehends Chip outside and fights him, where Chip reveals that he really can walk, but can\'t fight outside of his chair. After sitting back down, Chip beats him soundly and reveals that he plans to sleep with Sofia, much to Tom\'s already-increased anger. It\'s revealed that Paco, Tom\'s friend, had called Chip under the guise of being an ad agency boss in Barcelona, telling Chip that he got a job and convincing him to fly to Spain. Excited by the news, Chip goes to Sofia about the news and asks her to come with him. However, Tom confronts them both and convinces her not to go with Chip. Chip, not liking that Sofia chose Tom over him, callously insults Tom and reveals he "faked his orgasm" to Sofia before gets out of his chair and walks out. While mocking them from outside, Chip is hit by a bus and ends up breaking both his legs. Tom and Sofia have moved out of Ohio and Sofia\'s dad is helping Tom start his own ad company. Tom and Sofia are shown to have switched positions, Tom becoming a stay-at-home dad while Sofia becomes a full-time worker. During the credits Chip is shown being tossed out of the ad company in Spain, and later on Tom\'s friend sees Chip in the middle of the running of the bulls on TV.'] ["After winning a gold medal for East Germany in the pentathlon in the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, athlete Eric Brogar  flees from his abusive trainer, Heinrich Mueller  and the olympic team. Eight years later, Meuller is no longer a trainer. He has become a neo-Nazi terrorist, responsible for a series of attacks on German government officials, and Meuller has discovered that Eric is in Los Angeles. Brogar had become a self-pitying boozehound until his talents were spotted by his diner-owning boss John Creese . Still smarting over Eric's defection, Mueller beats Eric's father Rudolph Brogar  to death before flying to Los Angeles. While Eric reunites with his former girlfriend Julia Davis , who hones his endurance skills at her dad's woodland retreat, Mueller joins forces with neo-Nazi sympathizers including Eric's former rival Rhinehardt . At a peace rally, Meuller and his thugs plot to assassinate a rabbi and an ambassador while spreading a hate message on cable television. After viciously beating up Julia's father Vic Davis  and shooting Creese, Meuller and his thugs kidnap Eric, who retaliates by wiping out most of the neo-Nazis. Later, at the another Olympic pentathlon finals. Eric not only triumphs, but he also ends up shooting Meuller dead in self defense at the end when Meuller tries to kill him at the finish line."] ["In Tokyo, a minister of public works is rumored to be taking evidence of corruption to a reporter: the CIA, the yakuza, and others want to grab the information and use it to squeeze the government. On the subway trip to meet the reporter, the official is murdered, but it looks like a heart attack. However, no one, including the murderer, can find the flash drive with the evidence. Now the CIA, gangsters, and the city police are searching. The dead official's daughters are in danger: the shadowy John Rain, ex-special forces and perhaps now in league with North Korea, tries to stay one step ahead as he looks for the flash drive and protects one of the daughters"] ['Arizona deputy sheriff Walt Coogan is sent to New York City to extradite escaped killer James Ringerman. Detective Lieutenant McElroy informs him that Ringerman is recovering from an overdose of LSD, cannot be moved until the doctors release him, and that Coogan needs to get extradition papers from the New York State Supreme Court. Coogan flirts with a probation officer, then bluffs his way to Ringerman, tricks the attendants into turning him over, and sets out to catch a plane for Arizona. Before he can get to the airport, Ringerman’s girlfriend Linny and a tavern owner named Pushie ambush Coogan and enable Ringerman to escape. Detective McElroy is furious. Coogan learns Linny\'s name and obtains her address from the home files of the flirtatious probation officer while getting to know her better. He tracks Linny to a nightclub and after some time she offers to lead him to Ringerman. Instead she takes Coogan to a pool hall where he is attacked by Pushie and a dozen men in a bloody battle. Coogan holds his own for awhile but is eventually overpowered. After hearing sirens the men take off, but not before the beaten Coogan kills Pushie and two others. Detective McElroy finds the bar in pieces and a cowboy hat on the floor. Coogan finds Linny and threatens to kill her if she does not lead him to Ringerman. She takes him to Ringerman, who is armed with a gun stolen from Coogan. Ringerman gets away on his motorcycle and Coogan commandeers the bike of an unlucky motorcyclist. Coogan gives chase through the park and eventually captures Ringerman. He hands the fugitive over to McElroy, who once again tells him to go to the DA\'s office and to let "the system handle this". Some time later Coogan, with Ringerman in cuffs, prepares to leave for the airport via helicopter. Inside the helicopter, Coogan lights a cigarette, and seeing that Ringerman wants a smoke, lights one up for him too.'] ['Former U.S. Marine Corps scout sniper Thomas Beckett , who was discharged after his finger was amputated in the first film, is met by CIA officer James Eckles  and Colonel David McKenna  at his home in Montana. Despite losing his index finger he uses to shoot, Beckett still has the capability of firing a gun . Considering this, along with his impressive career from his time in the Marine Corps, Beckett is given a mission to assassinate renegade Serbian General Mile Valstoria , who is responsible for conducting hit-and-run ethnic cleansing operations in Muslim-populated areas in Serbia. The CIA fears that Valstoria\'s actions are threatening to inflame a larger conflict in the region. Given the details of the mission, Beckett requests that an additional man, a spotter, must come with him. At the U.S. embassy in Berlin, Beckett is introduced to his spotter, Jake Cole , an experienced U.S. Army sniper who is on death row for killing a federal officer who allegedly betrayed Cole\'s unit and had them killed during a mission. But Cole is released and offered amnesty if he takes part in the mission. After being dropped off into Serbia, Beckett and Cole make their way to a Catholic basilica. There, they meet an underground resistance member named Sophia . Sophia takes them to her apartment, which is perched high above the designated area where Valstoria is due to show up, near a government building. The next morning, Beckett assassinates his target. Even though the two men were far from Valstoria and used a diversionary device to cover the sound of the shot, the Serbs are able to track where the shot came from by noticing the smoke from the diversionary device that exploded. Noticing this, Beckett and Cole escape from the apartment before the Serbs are able to take them down. Cole and Beckett then move out to a nearby church that was meant to be a rendezvous point with Sophia, but the rendezvous is called off as Serb soldiers inspect the church unexpectedly. Cole and Beckett are forced to find an alternative plan. When they hitch a ride on a public tram, nearby soldiers stop the vehicle and try to arrest them, but the two operatives take over the tram and ram it into some police cars. They escape, running through the streets. Cole is captured and put into a prison where Valstoria\'s men keep their so-called \'special enemies\', but Beckett is able to escape. Beckett meets Sophia that night, and the two make a plan to rescue Cole. With the help of Sophia\'s brothers, Zoran and Vojislav, the next day they box in military trucks carrying Cole and a fellow prisoner to a prison where Cole was to be executed. Beckett takes a concealed shot, killing the passenger while Sophia kills the driver. They then help Cole and Pavel , who is a pacifist and political dissident, out of the truck and into a van that Zoran brought. Cole admits to Beckett that the assassination of Valstoria was set up to get Cole caught and then rescue Pavel from jail. The rescue of Pavel turned out to be the real mission for the two but Beckett was not informed by the CIA of it, as the mission was meant for Cole to solely execute after being captured. That night, at an abandoned factory that was meant to be the designated extraction zone, the group is ambushed by Serb tank and infantry. Both Vojislav and Zoran are killed in the attack and, after escaping from the factory through a sewer, Beckett orders Sophia to break off from the group and leave, despite objections from Cole. A distance away from the factory, Pavel insists that they should head to Komra, a Muslim town where a friend of Pavel\'s, Nauzad , lives. As the group meets Nauzad, he offers to help get the men to the border by getting them to a bus that would get them there. Within a couple of hours they are on their way but, as they cross a river, they come across an unexpected checkpoint and end up heading to Simand, the secondary extraction point, on foot. Meanwhile, Cpt. Marks  inspects the bus that the three men just departed from and suspects that they are attempting to head to Simand. Marks orders a tracker, , to take his special forces unit to Simand. As the three men arrive at Simand, they are ambushed by the special forces team in a forest outside of town, and Pavel suffers a slight flesh wound in the arm. After the trio kills the entire team, they are forced to proceed into town. They disguise themselves by taking uniforms from some of the dead Serb soldiers, in case the Serbs set up a military presence in the town. However, even though the Serbs have not arrived yet, the tracker holds up in the town factory and snipes down the team. Beckett demands that Cole take Pavel to the extraction zone while he deals with the tracker. Cole is severely wounded by the sniper, but Beckett picks him off. Pavel and Becket carry the wounded Cole into the helicopter and leave, just as Serb reinforcements led by Cpt. Marks arrive. In the helicopter, Beckett and Pavel look at Cole as he is badly wounded. Cole says, "Freedom!" and succumbs to his wounds.'] ["Sarah L. Caul is 24 years old, attractive, skilled in martial arts, and highly intelligent. When the audience first meets her, she has no idea who she is, where she is from, or how she came to be in a white room, in no discernible location. A familiar melody wakes Sarah from a deep sleep, and she finds herself teaching a history class in the school she attended at age 11. The ‘school’ is revealed to be a replica, and all of Sarah's books and files are completely blank and empty. Now thoroughly confused, Sarah's assistant principal, Sandrine , explains that Sarah is not a school teacher; rather, she is an assassin, and she has something on her body that Sandrine’s government desires. After a deadly shootout and a high speed chase on a cat-walk, Sarah is intercepted by another ‘handler’ like Sandrine, who tells her the same story, claiming to be from a different country and a different agency, but still desiring the same unknown element. Like Sandrine, once the handler had extracted all of the evidence he could from Sarah, he attempts to kill her. Not able to trust anyone, Sarah spends the duration of her time in the construct trying to stay alive long enough to uncover the truth, and find out why so many people want her dead. She endures a series of wire-fu fights and a car chase while conducting an intense investigation into her past. Sarah eventually finds herself back in the white room where she started, where, before she can be killed, two gunshots are heard and a slow, wobbly figure emerges from the shadows. The figure is revealed to be J. Edgar Hoover , who is very much alive and very happy to see that his granddaughter, Sarah, is doing just fine. Apparently, Hoover was aware that two government factions had ascertained that he was still alive, and he used his granddaughter as bait to flush out these two agencies, thus eliminating them and any proof of his continued existence. Having shared this, Hoover helps Sarah up and dusts her off, and the two walk off into the light."] ['The firefighters of Engine 17 of the Chicago Fire Department, two of whom are brothers, Lt. Stephen "Bull" McCaffrey , the elder, is experienced, Brian , has labored under his brother\'s shadow all his life. He returns to firefighting after a number of other careers falter, though Stephen has doubts that Brian is fit to be a firefighter. As a child, Brian witnessed the death of their father, Dennis . The longest serving of all the men at Engine 17, John "Axe" Adcox , served under the McCaffreys\' father in the department and was like an uncle to the boys when their father died. He attacks fires head on, but is concerned about Stephen\'s unorthodox methods and disregard for safety procedures. Helen McCaffrey  is Stephen\'s estranged wife and the mother of their son, Sean. Helen has grown fearful of Stephen\'s dedication to firefighting and the risks he takes. While they are still in love, she separated from Stephen to protect herself and Sean. Martin Swayzak  is an alderman on the Chicago City Council. He hopes to be elected mayor, but has had to make a number of budget cuts to the fire department. Many of the rank and file firemen believe that the cuts are endangering firefighters\' lives. Jennifer Vaitkus  is Brian\'s ex-girlfriend and works in Swayzak\'s office. Her loyalties are torn between her job and Brian. Donald "Shadow" Rimgale  is a dedicated arson investigator. He is called in because a number of recent fires appear connected. Arsonist Ronald Bartel  has been imprisoned for many years. Rimgale manipulates Bartel\'s obsession with fire to ensure Bartel\'s annual application for parole is turned down. Brian consults Bartel for advice in order to determine the missing link in the recent arsons. It is revealed during an investigation that Swayzak was paid off to shut down firehouses so they could be converted into community centers, with the contractors receiving contracts for the construction. When 17 answers a call in a highrise, Stephen urges them to move in quickly to take out the fire despite Adcox\'s advice to wait for back-up. Brian\'s friend and fellow "probationary fireman" trainee Tim Krizminski , under Stephen\'s wing, accidentally opens a door only to be met by a backdraft. His face is burned beyond recognition, but he survives. Adcox and Brian both blame Tim\'s condition on Stephen\'s reckless tactics. Stephen confronts Adcox about the deadly backdrafts during a multiple-alarm fire at a chemical plant. Adcox admits that he set the fires to kill associates of Swayzak because Swayzak was benefiting from the deaths of firefighters. When an explosion destroys the catwalk they are on, Stephen grabs Adcox\'s hand while hanging on to the remains of the catwalk. Adcox requests Stephen let go of him, but Stephen loses his grip on the catwalk. Adcox is killed and Stephen is mortally wounded. Brian, having been injured by Adcox, rushes to help other firefighters reach his brother. Stephen dies on the way to the hospital with Brian at his side, his final request being that Brian not reveal that Adcox was behind the fires. After Stephen and Adcox\'s funeral, Brian and Rimgale, with the help of the police, interrupt a Swayzak press conference. Rimgale questions Swayzak on a fake manpower study that led to the deaths of several firemen, including Stephen and Adcox, effectively killing Swayzak\'s mayoral ambitions. Brian decides to continue as a firefighter despite the loss of his father and brother.'] ['Revenge of the Ninja opens with a massive ninja attack on the home of Cho Osaki  in Japan, resulting in the slaughter of his entire family except for his mother and his younger son, Kane . When Cho arrives at his estate and discovers the carnage, the ninjas attempt to kill him as well, but Cho, being a ninja himself, avenges his family. Afterwards, however, he swears off being a ninja forever and moves with his son and mother to California, where he opens a doll gallery with the help of his American business partner and friend, Braden, and his assistant Kathy. One night, Kane accidentally drops and breaks open one of the dolls, exposing a white dust  contained therein. As it turns out, Braden uses the doll gallery as a front for his drug-dealing business. He tries to strike a deal with Caifano, a Mafia boss, but Caifano and Braden cannot find common ground and eventually engage in a turf war. Braden, as a silver "demon"-masked ninja, assassinates Caifano\'s informers and relatives to make him cower down. The police are confused about the killings, and local police martial arts trainer and expert, Dave Hatcher, is assigned to find a consultant. Dave persuades Cho to see his boss and Cho attests that only a ninja could commit these crimes, but refuses to aid the police any further. In order to avoid payment for his \'merchandise\', Caifano sends three men to clear the gallery. Cho happens to walk into the gallery while the thugs are loading the goods in a van, is attacked and responds with hand-to-hand combat. The henchmen escape in the van with Cho in pursuit, but he fails to stop the thieves from getting away. Meanwhile, Braden stealthily arrives to Cho\'s art gallery to find that it was just looted. Cho\'s mother and Kane both encounter him; Braden kills Cho\'s mother, but Kane manages to elude him. Cho, badly mangled, returns to find his mother murdered and his son missing. In order to finish the last witness, Braden hypnotizes Kathy, who is in love with Cho, to find and bring in Kane. When she recovers her senses, she contacts Cho and informs him both of Braden\'s treachery and that he is a ninja. Seeing his only remaining son in mortal danger, Cho breaks his devotion to non-violence and makes his way to Caifano\'s headquarters to stop Braden. In the meantime, Braden finds out about Kathy\'s betrayal and prepares to have her executed. Kane manages to free himself and Kathy, and the two inform the police. Braden makes his final assault on Caifano and his organization, killing everyone he encounters. Eager to help his friend Cho, Dave also rushes to Caifano\'s headquarters but is ambushed by Braden, who mortally wounds him. Cho rushes to help his faithful friend, but the latter dies in his arms. The film ends with an epic battle to the death between Braden and Cho on top of Caifano\'s skyscraper. After a long struggle, Cho kills Braden and is reunited with his son and Kathy.'] ['In 1979, a newborn girl named Christine York is identified by Satanists—including her physician, Dr. Abel , and her guardian, Mabel —as the one chosen to bear Satan\'s son during the last hour on New Year\'s Eve, 1999, due to a symbol on her arm. As she is being born, a priest in the Vatican witnesses a comet arching over the moon, described as the "Eye of God", heralding the birth of the one chosen to be the mother of Satan\'s child. The priest is then sent on a mission by the Pope  to find and protect the girl from Satan\'s presence at all costs. However, a few Vatican Knights  insist that she must be killed to prevent Satan\'s plans, which most of the clergy  opposes, as they view that taking a life in an attempt to stop evil as sinful. Twenty years later, near the end of 1999, retired cop Jericho Cane , in a constant state of depression since his wife and daughter were murdered by hit-men, works for an elite security and protection company. He and his co-worker/friend Bobby Chicago  are assigned to protect a Wall Street banker . They are attacked by a priest named Thomas Aquinas , who is eventually captured and taken to a hospital. Unknown to Jericho, Aquinas somehow knew the real identity of the banker—he has been possessed by Satan and now wields great powers. Satan locates Aquinas and brutally murders him, crucifying him onto a ceiling. Jericho and Chicago see a name amongst many other things scratched into Aquinas\'s skin, and after some guesswork, begin searching for Christine York. Jericho and Chicago find the now-adult York  in her apartment and save her from the Vatican Knights who attempt to assassinate her. That evening, Chicago waits in a van while Jericho discusses the recent happenings with Christine. Satan arrives and blows up the van, killing Chicago. As Jericho and Christine try to flee, they are apprehended by Mabel who is possessed with preternatural strength despite her late middle age and lesser size. Jericho barely manages to subdue her. Satan then appears at the house and Jericho and Christine flee upstairs and escape through a window. Outside, Marge , Jericho\'s superior from his days in the police force and another police officer—both Satanists—confront him, demanding Christine. Jericho kills them both. A few moments later, Satan resurrects Marge for her usefulness as a NYPD detective to have the police search for Jericho and Christine, who have escaped to a nearby church, seeking answers from a priest, Father Kovak . Kovak soon realizes Christine and the banker\'s roles. He describes how at the end of every millennium, Satan will possess a man\'s body to consummate with the flesh of a preordained woman. If he succeeds in taking York, he will have free rein over the world. After hearing that the only way to defeat Satan is to "have faith", Jericho tries to persuade Christine to go into hiding with him, but she prefers to stay with Kovak after he says that Satan\'s greatest trick was to fool Mankind that he did not exist and she felt Kovak\'s explanation was true. Frustrated, Jericho returns to his apartment, where Satan meets with him and tries to tempt him with his lost family and his anger at God in order to make him reveal Christine\'s location. Jericho resists and manages to throw Satan out of his apartment window. Chicago soon shows up, alive and well. Despite Jericho\'s initial suspicion, they make a plan to retrieve Christine. At the church, where Kovak and his clergy informs the Pope of York\'s location, he orders them to hide and protect her at all costs. Unfortunately, the Vatican Knights arrive again, taking Kovak and his clergy into custody while they try to kill Christine again. Before they manage to do so, however, Jericho comes by and stops them, saving Christine and the clergy. Satan then appears, and Jericho runs away safely with Christine. The clergymen, in an act of bravery, confront Satan and try to send him back to Hell by using exorcism, but he resists them with impunity, killing the Vatican Knights, including the misguided cardinal. As Jericho and Christine arrive outside, Chicago then betrays the two; he leaves with Christine while Jericho is beaten by a mob of Satanists and left for dead. The next morning, Jericho is found and rescued by Kovak. Jericho immediately arms himself heavily to resume his search for Christine. He notices the resurrected Marge and follows her to Satan\'s hidden temple. There, he manages to rescue Christine and kill Marge for the second time. Chicago steps in to stop Jericho, revealing that Satan resurrected him in exchange for his help in capturing Christine. He manages to fight off Satan\'s influence after some persuasion by his friend; in retaliation, Satan burns him alive. Enraged, Jericho opens fire on Satan and escapes with Christine in the ensuing chaos. The two make their way through Satan\'s hideout and into a subway tunnel. They board a train and attempt to escape. Satan catches up with them and kills the motorman. In the ensuing fight, Jericho fires an M203 grenade launcher at Satan, wrecking the train and buying them enough time to escape. The banker\'s body is now irreparably damaged and so Satan leaves it to find a new host. Jericho and Christine escape to the streets and into another church where he prays to Jesus God the Son and God the Father. Satan smashes through the floor and confronts Jericho in his true form: a massive, winged, demonic creature. He enters Jericho\'s body and possesses him. Now controlled by Satan, Jericho attempts to rape Christine, but with the help of her begging words, he is able to fight Satan\'s control for a few seconds. Using what may be his only opportunity to redeem himself, Jericho impales himself on the sword protruding from a fallen statue of Saint Michael The Archangel, thus disabling his body for the few remaining seconds before midnight. At the stroke of midnight beginning the year 2000, the will of God frees Jericho\'s body from Satan\'s control and sends Satan back to the depths of Hell forever. After being granted a vision of his wife and daughter smiling and waiting for him on the "other side" , Jericho dies contented. Christine thanks the deceased man for saving her life as New York celebrates the start of the new 2000 millennium.'] ["In the year 2009, Joe Jinno, a Navy SEAL who is court-martialed for disobeying orders, is sent to Tokyo to assist Det. Aguri Katsuragi stop the distribution of the illegal drug known as Blood Heat. After an attempt to stop the drug lord Rai Kenjin fails, Katsuragi ends up in Kenjin's arena of death, the Muscle Dome, and loses against Kenjin's #1 fighter, Lee. Joe wants to seek revenge and needs the help of Katsuragi's sister Akane and Ken, a young underground rebel whose father was one a victim of Kenjin and the Muscle Dome, to exact revenge for Aguri and stop the circulation of Blood Heat.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0340227/plotsummary"] ['Frank Wyatt  leaves his wife and baby daughter at home for a night out with his friends to see a professional boxing match in Chicago. Frank is joined by Mike Peterson  and Ray Cochran , who shows up in a lavish RV he is "testing out" for his "business". When another friend of the guys cancels Frank invites his brother John , and they all head to the city for the boxing match. Stuck in a traffic jam en-route, John gets into a fight with another driver. Frustrated by the delay, Ray , decides to save time by getting off the crowded expressway and searching for a shortcut through a poor residential neighborhood. The four friends are alarmed when they hit something. John, Mike, and Frank get out to investigate, and find a man named Teddy  lying in the street hurt, and they take him into the RV. Ray gathers up all the liquor and empty beer bottles and tosses them to erase any evidence that the guys had been drinking. Upon examining Teddy for injuries they find that he has been shot, and that he has a paper bag filled with money. Mike hears a police car, which the group sees drive through the intersection ahead a few seconds later. Frank jumps into the driver\'s seat and begins pursuing the squad car. They are unable to catch up to the police, and their RV is suddenly side-swiped by a Cadillac. The impact forces them into a narrow alleyway, leaving the RV damaged, stuck between two brick walls and unable to start. Moments after the crash three unknown men shatter the back window and drag Teddy out of the RV. The leader of the gang, Fallon , arrives in the Cadillac that struck them. Still inside the RV the four friends watch the gang talking about their suspicions that Teddy had stolen money from Fallon. Fallon shoots and kills Teddy and reminds the rest of the gang that they have a policy to leave no witnesses. As the group of criminals approaches the RV, Mike breaks the windshield as Frank sets the RV on fire, and all four escape through the front window and run. The film continues with the four friends hiding and trying to outrun the gang until they think they have gotten away. They head to a railyard and hide aboard an empty train. Fallon and his gang search the yard and trains for the guys. While hiding inside the car of an old train Frank and his friends are frightened by some homeless people who were aboard the train. One of the homeless men blackmails them by threatening to alert their pursuers to their location unless they pay them for their silence. Ray gives up his watch, Frank gives up his wallet, while John gives up his pocket change and Mike gives up his gold chain necklace. A mentally retarded member of the homeless men aboard the train, named Buck, shows interest in Mike\'s Purdue jacket, by repeating that he is a college graduate. When Mike refuses to give up his jacket the homeless man becomes angry and gets loud. Fallon and his gang are leaving the railyard when they hear the shouting coming from the railcar. As they open the car everyone aboard jumps off and starts running. Fallon shoots a guy wearing the Purdue jacket and it turned out to be Buck, the homeless guy who was wearing Mike\'s jacket. The homeless guy was also in possession of Frank\'s wallet. Fallon recovers the wallet and now knows who Frank is, his family, and where he lives. Frank and the guys continue to outrun Fallon and his gang until they eventually find an apartment building with an open door, and Frank and the guys all run inside. A kid on a swing outside sees them and tells his friends, who are then approached by Fallon and his gang, and Fallon pays one of them to find out from the kid which building Frank and his friends ran into. While inside the building, Frank and his friends begin knocking on the doors of the tenants trying to find help. They then hold up in the apartment of two women, mothers Clarissa and Rita, and call the police minutes before the gang catch up with them. Determined to get Frank and his friends, Fallon and his gang terrorize the building\'s tenants. Hearing them terrorize the tenants the enraged women demand that Frank and his friends leave. One of the women, Rita, suggests that they head to the roof of the building to escape Fallon. They flee to the rooftop and Mike, John, and Frank manage to cross over to the neighboring building\'s roof with the use of a ladder bridge. Because of Ray\'s fear of heights, he decides to knock the ladder off and stay behind to try negotiating with Fallon, convinced that Fallon will spare their lives if he buys him off. However, Fallon pushes Ray off the roof and he falls to his death. Escaping into the sewers, Mike suggests that they fight back against their pursuers and Frank and John agree. Sykes , Fallon\'s best friend and right-hand man, catches up with them, and after a brief confrontation has his weapon wrestled away and he is shot and killed by Mike. Frank chooses not to risk their lives anymore, so they escape from the sewer and decide to keep running. Within the sewer, the remaining members of Fallon\'s gang find the body of Sykes. A comment made by one of the gang members annoys Fallon and he drowns him. While hiding once more in an abandoned building, the three remaining friends see a bus and try to flag the driver down. The driver sees them but, thinking they are trouble, decides to drive off leaving them behind. Searching for help, the guys find a swap meet and Mike breaks a window in the hopes it will trigger the alarm and bring the police. Shortly afterwards, they realize that Fallon has found them once more. The last remaining member of Fallon\'s gang, Rhodes ([[Everlast  is shot dead by Mike, but in the process Mike is shot in the stomach. John goes to help Mike but Fallon shoots him in the leg. Frank leads the wounded Mike and John to a bathroom closet where they hide. Frank gets to the security office and activates a silent alarm. Knowing that the three can run no longer, Frank draws out Fallon, leading him away from the wounded Mike and John. After a struggle between the two, Frank pushes Fallon off the stairs, causing him to fall to his death. Afterwards the police arrive, and Frank takes them to where his friends are. The movie ends with Mike and John being wheeled away by the medics, the police investigating the scene, and Frank\'s wallet being recovered by an officer, who then informs Frank that his wife is outside.'] ["Charlie Chan must stop a spy from destroying the Panama Canal. In 1940's. Charlie impersonates an employee of the U.S. government to foil an espionage plot which would destroy part of the Panama Canal, trapping a Navy fleet on its way to the Pacific after maneuvers in the Atlantic. As the U.S. fleet prepares to navigate the waters of the Panama Canal, Panama City becomes rife with spies. A new group of suspects appears with the arrival of a sea plane bound for Balboa. Among the suspects are novelist Clivedon Compton, matronly school teacher Miss Jennie Finch, sinister scientist Dr. Rudolph Grosser, café proprietor Manolo, singer Kathi Lenesch, cigarette salesman Achmed Halide, government engineer Richard Cabot and government agent Godley. Upon landing, Godley goes to a hat shop owned by Fu Yuen, alias Charlie Chan, to enlist the sleuth's help in unmasking the deadly spy known only as Reiner. Just as Godley is about to divulge Reiner's real identity, he falls to the ground, dead, leaving Chan to expose Reiner before the spy can sabotage the canal. As the other suspects are murdered, one by one, first Compton, then Manolo, Chan learns that the canal's Miraflores locks are to be blown up at ten that night. Chan then sequesters the suspects at the plant, forcing Miss Finch to expose herself as Reiner in order to escape death. With Reiner under arrest, the fleet sails safely through the locks to protect democracy."] ["Strong-armed into transporting the kidnapped daughter of the head of the Environmental Agency for the Ukraine from Marseilles to Odessa, skilled wheelman Frank Martin  enlists the aid of Inspector Tarconi  in accomplishing the treacherous assignment in this action-packed installment of the popular action series produced by Luc Besson . Frank isn't exactly thrilled with his latest assignment, but when his employer turns up the pressure, he has little choice but to deliver. His cargo is a feisty young girl named Valentina —who just happens to be the daughter of Leonid Vasilev , the powerful top dog of the Ukraine EPA. Now, as Frank makes his way through Stuttgart and Budapest on the road to the Black Sea, Vasilev's men besiege his car from all sides, and his cynical young passenger gets a bad case of Stockholm Syndrome. As the driver and his cargo grow increasingly close, they both realize that making even a single mistake could cost them dearly..."] ['{{plot}}, and follows them into a store. Rizzoli is followed into the store by Krolls security team with their guns drawn. Just as Rizzoli is about to bust Nova, Skinner, Mifflin and Frankenstein she is accosted by Marshak who warns her it is a wipeout in which all five of them are going to be killed. Rizzoli then punches Marshak, which frightens Nova, Skinner, Mifflin and Frankenstein. After stabbing one of the security men, Frankenstein is shot several times in the chest at close range by one of the security guards and dies seconds later while calling to Mifflin for help. Rizzoli then shoots Mifflin after he fires at her. Rizzoli and the security guards pursuit Nova and Skinner, who open fire in the mall, killing several guards, and then retreat into a store. After Rizzoli kills a guard who was attacking her and steals his gun, the shelf he was standing on collapses on her and Skinner prepares to kill her; at the last minute, however, Marshak appears and guns him down. Nova wounds Marshak before he, in turn, is wounded by Rizzoli, and retreats from the store. Rizzoli pursues Nova and runs into Kroll, who is about to kill her when Nova jumps out of a hiding place and kills him. Rizzoli follows Nova into a parking garage and shoots him several times, apparently unable to injure him. After Nova reveals to Rizzoli he was wearing a bullet-proof vest this whole time Rizolli pulls out a gun she stole from the dead guard and shoots Nova in the throat, killing him.'] ['LAPD Sergeants Martin Riggs  and Roger Murtaugh  arrive at an evacuated building believed to have a bomb in it. Against orders, they go inside to investigate the bomb. Riggs decides to deactivate the bomb himself instead of waiting for the Bomb Squad to arrive. Unfortunately, he causes the bomb to detonate and the whole building to collapse. This causes them to be demoted to uniform duties, which upsets Murtaugh because he only has seven days until retirement. While on street patrol, the two thwart a robbery using a duplicate armored car, although they only manage to catch one of the two would-be thieves. During the arrest, it is discovered the criminals were armed with a new type of armor-piercing bullet, informally referred to as "cop killers". For their efforts in stopping the raid, Riggs and Murtaugh are reinstated as Detectives by their superior, Captain Murphy . Murphy introduces internal affairs Sergeant Lorna Cole  to the two detectives and informs them that the suspect they have in custody from the raid is a known associate of former LAPD Lieutenant and suspected arms dealer: Jack Travis . In the meantime, the other criminal who escaped is brought before Travis who is conducting a business meeting with mobster Tyrone  to account for his actions which have led to police heat being focused on Travis\' arms business. Travis has his henchman throw the thief into a pit and has it filled with cement so as to display to Tyrone what happens to anyone who might double-cross him. Travis then goes to the county lockup, using his still valid police badge, gains access to the other raider, and executes him. Travis is unaware that he has committed this execution on camera, and when Cole and Riggs arrive on the scene, they are able to identify him using the footage. Back at the precinct Riggs, Murtaugh and Cole are reviewing the footage of the execution when they are interrupted by Leo Getz  who has dropped by to visit his two old buddies. When the detectives put the footage on pause to talk to Leo, Leo manages to recognise Travis and tells them where he can be found. A botched attempt to publicly arrest Travis follows, although the detectives believe that they may now have a lead to Travis\' arms warehouse. En route to rendezvous with Cole at the warehouse, Murtaugh and Riggs come under fire from Tyrone\'s thugs. Murtaugh kills one of them, Darryl, a young man that Murtaugh\'s son Nick had recently been emulating. Murtaugh, visibly distraught, stays at the scene and Riggs continues on to meet Cole. At the warehouse, Riggs and Cole are attacked by Travis\'s henchmen and the two detectives gain the upper hand, secure most of the armament shipment, and the same evening they fall in love. After learning from Rianne that Murtaugh had become withdrawn over the shooting of Darryl, Riggs confronts Murtaugh on his boat and after a tense exchange of words, he helps Murtaugh get over his guilt. At Darryl\'s funeral, his father implores Murtaugh to catch the man who put the gun in his son\'s hands. Riggs, Cole and Murtaugh arrest and interrogate Tyrone learning his weapons come from Jack Travis and raid a garage with more people working for Travis. Travis, no longer able to procure weapons through police arms dumps due to being exposed on the footage from the execution, has Captain Murphy kidnapped in a bid to use his clearance to gain access to the arms dumps. After having Leo work on getting information about a construction site that the garage workers were connected with, Riggs, Murtaugh and Cole realize Travis\' plan when Cole notices information has been hacked from the police computer, and they head to the LAPD arms dump to stop him. A major firefight breaks out at the arms dump between the detectives, their support, and Travis\' men. Murphy manages to free himself, and most of Travis\' men are either killed or apprehended. Travis manages to escape, and Riggs and Murtaugh vow to catch him. With the construction site details provided by Leo, the three depart for the construction site. At the construction site, the detectives come under heavy fire and eventually manage to destroy most of the site and Travis\' men. Travis is himself shot and killed by Riggs with his own armor-piercing bullets, after Travis shoots and wounds Cole and attempts to finish her off. Cole, however, manages to survive because she took the extra precaution of wearing two bullet-proof vests, and she and Riggs admit that they would like to get more serious with each other. On his retirement day, Roger tells his family, who start celebrating his retirement, that he has decided to remain with the force, preserving his partnership with Riggs; a choice which his family slowly comes to accept. After the credits roll, Riggs and Murtaugh pass a hotel which is under a bomb threat, and Riggs decides to take another try at disarming the charge. But before they can even get out of the car, the building blows up, forcing Riggs and Murtaugh to drive for their lives and their careers under the exasperated groan, "I\'m too old for this shit."'] ['Three girls, a down-and-out stripper named Trixie, a drug-running killer and ex-convict named Camero, and a corporate powerbroker nicknamed Hel, arrive at a remote desert hideaway to extort massive riches from a ruthless sword-wielding killer named Pinky, who is also a notorious underworld figure. None of the three women are who they appear to be: each has an ulterior motive. They kidnap a gangster called Gage and try to force him to reveal where the treasure is buried. He refuses, believing they will kill him anyway, but Hel promises he will not be harmed. Camero shoots him, against the wishes of Hel, saying she made no such promise. His phone rings, and they believe Gage is connected to Pinky. Things become more complicated when a police officer named Deputy Fuchs arrives. Unknown to them, he was in the audience five nights ago when Trixie performed as a stripper to seduce Gage. However, the three women hide the body and are able to convince Fuchs to leave. While digging for the treasure, Camero asks the girls about the best sex each has ever had, believing the answer tells her something important about their character. She admits her best sex ever was with a circus contortionist, although she did not even know the contortionist\'s name. During a water fight, Trixie falls onto something in the sand. They dig; however, instead of buried treasure they find the dead body of one of Hel\'s contacts. They are interrupted by Hot Wire and his girlfriend Kinki, whom Camero is familiar with. At gunpoint, the two abuse the women and force them to dig for the buried treasure. Deputy Fuchs returns and attempts to save the women, but instead creates a gunfight, which Hel ends with a high-powered machine gun found in the nearby trailer. Camero asks the meaning of the code Hel uses on the bunker "75650". At closer inspection it appears that the number 1 is associated with the letter A, 2 with BCD, 3 with E, 4 is with FGH, 5 is with IJK, 6 is with LMN, 7 is with OPQ, 8 is with RST, 9 is with UVW and 0 is with XYZ. With this info the code numbers spell "PINKY" Hel and Trixie find a concealed bunker full of goods stolen from Pinky, including a mysterious weapon, diamonds, and a beautiful sword, which Trixie takes. Camero, believing she is in the midst of a double-cross, fights Hel for the diamonds. Camero overcomes Hel and sets Trixie afire along with barrels of flammable liquids. Camero leaves Hel in chains while she attempts to drive away with the diamonds; however, Hel quickly uses the super-machine gun to free herself, and fires a rocket that destroys the car Camero was driving. Hel admits to Trixie that she is a secret agent who reports to a man named Phoenix, and that she is on a mission to retrieve the weapon they found in Pinky\'s lair. Camero returns and again fights Hel. After she beats Hel to the ground, Camero assumes she is dead and moves to kill Trixie. As Trixie will not fight back, Camero attempts to rape her, but stops when she sees a tattoo and realizes Trixie was the mysterious contortionist from her past. Before she can kill Trixie, Camero is shot in the back and killed by Deputy Fuchs, who managed to survive the explosion. However, instead of thanking him, Trixie kills Fuchs using a hidden throwing star. Hel awakens, having survived Camero\'s attack. Trixie then reveals that she, in fact, is Pinky, and concocted the entire plot to retrieve the sword she took from Gage\'s bunker, which he had taken from her six months previously.'] ["Elliot, an ex-employee of a computer firm wants revenge and befriends the boss Brad's son Dylan giving him an MP3 file containing a computer virus. This virus creates havoc all across the city by poisoning the water with chlorine, making planes crash and ultimately developing an intelligence of its own. The virus is eventually traced to a server and is terminated by another equally powerful virus created by Brad and Dylan with a Game Boy Color."] ["In a return to the groundbreaking original film's premise, Jack Deth is back - traveling back in time and into the body of his own daughter, Josephine , on a mission to save her life and save the world from the most lethal Trancers yet. Jack/Jo must adapt and survive being a girl while avoiding many assassination attempts by more powerful and dangerous zombie-like Trancers than he's ever faced before."] ["The movie first starts out with FBI and ATF agents on a pursuit to stop a truck carrying illegal guns as part of an illegal arms operation. The result is the death of the driver, which leads to a disagreement with FBI and ATF agents on involvement with the case, which carries on throughout the movie. Then comes Jack Crews , a truck driver who has just been released from jail for vehicular manslaughter, for accidentally hitting and killing a motorist and his passenger on the side of the road during a trip in which he experienced a Black Dog hallucination. Along with his imprisonment, he also loses his commercial driver's license . Following his release, he attempts to get back to a normal life but this time holds a job as a truck mechanic for a local repair shop in New Jersey. He is then offered a job by his manager, Cutler  to drive a load of toilets from Atlanta to New Jersey for $10,000. Crews initially declines the offer, but then finds out that his house will be repossessed unless he pays off his debt. He then changes his mind and takes the job where he flies down to Atlanta to meet up with Red , who runs the trucking yard. Red initially gives Crews a brand-new truck to haul the load, but Crews prefers an older Peterbilt as to not draw too much attention. He is accompanied on the trip by Earl  riding shotgun, and Sonny  and Wes  following in Sonny's Camaro for policy protection. As they make their way to New Jersey, Crews and the guys experience several run-ins with Red and his crew as they attempt to hijack the load, in retaliation for the failed negotiations with Cutler about money. During the trip, Crews finds out that his load also contains illegal guns , and that Wes has been informing Red of their whereabouts throughout the trip. Crews also discovers that Sonny is an FBI agent when he is shot and killed by Red during another hijack attempt, and that the FBI has been tracking their whereabouts as well. Things take a turn for the worse when Cutler takes Crews' wife Melanie and daughter Tracy hostage to ensure that Crews will complete the job and finish the trip. Despite the numerous attempts from Red to hijack the load, as well as the death of Sonny, Crews manages to survive each attempt. When they make it to Maryland, Crews now officially knows what the whole plot is and formulates a plan to turn over the guns to the FBI and to get his family back. Wes at this point has gone his separate way, while Earl decides to stay on until the end. Crews puts the FBI tracking device on the truck that Wes is leaving on and eventually the FBI pulls over the truck to realize it is the wrong one. However, Crews calls Agent Allen Ford  who is leading the case on Wes' cell phone. He tells him his plan which is to meet him at a loading dock in New Jersey, where he will be meeting with Cutler to exchange the guns for his family. Eventually when the meeting occurs, the FBI shows up and a shootout occurs with Cutler's men. Crews is able to catch Cutler before he can escape and then turns him over to the FBI. Then in the end, the FBI gives Crews his CDL license back, and also tells Crews that his house won't be foreclosed, in return for his assistance during the operation and they thank him for bringing Sonny's body back. He is also given the key to drive the truck one last time to the impound lot. Also, Crews thanks Earl, who was wounded in the shootout between the FBI and Cutler's men, for staying, and in return Earl tells Crews to take care of his dog, Tiny , until he heals and everything is sorted out. As Crews and his family leave the docks for the impound lot, he is intercepted by Red who makes one last attempt at Crews' life, but as they are slamming into each other Red loses control of his truck which then flips over numerous times before getting hit by a Fairbanks-Morse H-12-44 Switching Locomotive and exploding."] ["The film starts with a footage of a group of terrorists modifying toy guns to a real gun which can easily pass through a metal detector at Athens Airport. when a kid named Paul Cartowski discovers that the terrorist bring plastic guns, he soon wonders and tells his father who is also a former CIA and Navy SEAL, Brad Cartowski . Then a gunfight begans and Cartowski is injured during a pursuit when the terrorists take the airport bus. The terrorists kidnaps his wife and fly her on a hijacked plane to North Africa. Cartowski goes in pursuit, aided by another ex-SEAL, Cody Grant . Cartowski soon finds the terrorists' hide-out but is captured and electro-tortured before he manages to escape. He soon returns with reinforcements of a group of Navy SEAL team to rescue his wife. The group of Navy SEALs sneak in the house with their stealth abilities. Alya, the female terrorist is the first who get killed. Then Patrick, one of the terrorist manage to shoot one of the SEAL in the leg but the SEAL survives and able to playing dead on Patrick then kills him via neck-breaking, The SEAL then continue his mission with his partner. As Cartowski able to kill another terrorist, he and Cody then ambushes Carlos, the leader of the terrorist group. As Cody shoots Carlos in the head, Cartowki rescues his wife. The mission was a success without a SEAL dies. As he got a permission from Pentagon, Cartowski manage to blow the terrorist's house with explosions the SEALs plant in the house shortly before the mission starts. The rest of the SEALs doing a small celebration of their success to bring the terrorist down and rescue Cartowski's wife. The film ends with a footage of Cartowski and his wife meets his mother and his son, then they starts to huge each other with happiness of the success of bringing Cartowski's wife back with small injury. The rest of the SEALs especially Cody watch happily when the Cartowki's family reunited successfully"] ['Wounded by a gunshot from Russian assassin Kirill (in the previous film, [[The Bourne Supremacy , Jason Bourne evades the police in Moscow and goes into hiding. Six weeks later, Bourne goes to Paris, France to inform Martin Kreutz of the death of his sister Marie, who had been Bourne\'s girlfriend. The Guardian correspondent Simon Ross meets with someone to discuss Bourne and Operation Treadstone. The CIA begin tracking Ross after he mentions "Operation Blackbriar" over a cell phone call. Bourne learns of Ross\' investigation of Treadstone and they secretly meet at Waterloo Station. Bourne realizes that the CIA is tracking Ross and helps him evade capture, but Ross deviates from Bourne\'s instructions and is killed by Blackbriar assassin Paz, on orders from Blackbriar\'s director Noah Vosen. Pamela Landy, who six weeks earlier had unsuccessfully hunted Bourne, is brought in to help Vosen. They search Ross\' notes and find that Ross\' source was Neal Daniels, the CIA\'s station chief in Madrid, Spain, who was formerly involved in Treadstone and is actively involved in Blackbriar. Bourne also makes his way to Daniels\' Madrid office, but finds it empty. After Bourne incapacitates a CIA team sent by Vosen and Landy, Nicky Parsons, a former Treadstone support technician now posted in Madrid, arrives. She decides to help Bourne and tells him that Daniels has fled to Tangier, Morocco. Upon arriving in Tangier, Parsons tries to track Daniels\' location but is unable to, finding that Blackbriar "asset" Desh Bouksani has been tasked with killing Daniels. Vosen learns that Parsons logged in to access information about Daniels and sends Desh after Parsons and Bourne, a decision Landy disagrees with. Bourne follows Desh to Daniels, but fails to prevent Daniels\' death by a planted bomb. Bourne manages to kill Desh before he can kill Parsons, and subsequently sends Parsons into hiding. Bourne examines the contents of Daniels\' charred briefcase and finds the address of the deep cover CIA bureau in New York City where Vosen directs Blackbriar. Bourne travels to New York City. Landy receives a phone call from Bourne , which is revealed to be tapped by Vosen. Landy thanks Bourne for the tape he sent her which revealed the corrupt dealings of former Treadstone director Ward Abbott; she also tells him that his real name is David Webb and his birthdate is "4-15-71". Bourne tells Landy to "get some rest" because she "looks tired", which she and Vosen both understand to mean that Bourne is watching her. Vosen intercepts a text to Landy from Bourne of a location to meet up and leaves his office with a team to follow Landy and capture Bourne. Bourne breaks into Vosen\'s office and steals classified Blackbriar documents. Vosen sends Paz after Bourne, the two finally encountering each other in a car chase which ends with Paz forcing Bourne\'s car into crash into a concrete divider. Bourne gets out and holds Paz at gunpoint before sparing his life and continuing on to 415 East 71st Street, memories of which were triggered by the false birthday he was given by Landy. Vosen also figures out Landy\'s code and warns Dr. Albert Hirsch, who ran Treadstone\'s behavior modification program, that Bourne is coming. Landy meets Bourne at the building, where Bourne gives her the Blackbriar files before going inside. Landy starts faxing the files to an unknown receiver, but is found by Vosen as the last page is sent. Bourne encounters Hirsch in an upper level and, with Hirsch\'s help, remembers that he volunteered for Treadstone. He then states that he is no longer Jason Bourne and flees to the roof from Vosen\'s pursuing CIA team. Bourne is confronted on the roof by Paz, who asks Bourne why he did not kill him. Bourne asks Paz if he even knows why he is supposed to kill him and repeats the dying words of a Treadstone assassin Bourne killed years earlier (in [[The Bourne Identity : "Look at us. Look at what they make you give." Paz lowers his gun as Bourne runs to jump off the roof, but Vosen appears and shoots at Bourne as he leaps into the East River below. Some time later, Parsons watches a television news broadcast about the exposure of Operation Blackbriar, the arrests of Hirsch and Vosen, a criminal investigation of CIA director Ezra Kramer, and David Webb, a.k.a. Jason Bourne, who was reportedly shot and fell into the East River. Upon hearing that his body has not been found after a three-day search, Parsons smiles. Bourne is shown swimming away under water after his fall.'] ["When a suitcase is thrown out of a car which is involved in a car chase and lands on the car of Sam Phelan , he initially curses his luck. But then he finds the suitcase is loaded with money. After bringing the money to his home, he convinces his wife Leslie , that they should use the money. Meanwhile Pyke Kubic  visits his twin brother Reese  in jail, who tells him that he threw a suitcase with about half a million dollars from his car, when he was being chased by the police. Pyke decides to go and find the money. After Pyke finds the Phelans, he asks for the money back. They return whatever money they have left after they bought a new car, furniture and other minor expenses. Pyke forces the Phelans to rob stores, in order to get him the amount of money the Phelans spent, which they do, reluctantly at first, but later with more of a taste for it. After robbing over ten stores in the course of a few days, they are still short on the money, and Sam proposes to rob a bank. There he changes the gun without bullets which Pyke gave him with that of the guards, and Leslie shoots Pyke in a struggle. Pyke's car and his corpse are sent to a junkyard, where a worker is bribed into destroying the car and the body. The Phelans again keep the money, but return all they stole, adding damages for people who got hurt in the course of the robberies. Unknown to them, Reese, the true owner of the cash, has been released from prison."] ['Two black bounty hunters, "Boss Nigger" and Amos , ride into a small Western town in pursuit of fugitive Jed Clayton ([[William Smith . When they discover that the town has no sheriff, "Boss Nigger" takes that position for himself after outsmarting the cowardly white mayor . As sheriff, "Boss Nigger" kills several outlaws who work for Jed. He soon meets two women, Miss Pruit , a white schoolteacher who falls in love with him, and Clara Mae, a black woman  who is saved by "Boss Nigger" early in the film. She is also in love with him. Mayor Griffin soon tries to rape Clara Mae. Mayor Griffin then alerts Jed of the new sheriff, and of the murder of and imprisonment of some of his outlaws. Jed and his outlaws then attempt to help the imprisoned outlaw escape by blowing a hole in the prison wall using dynamite. The plan does not go well. However, Jed and his outlaws tie "Boss Nigger" to a pole, and Jed tells him that he will die a slow, painful death. However, Amos and Clara Mae, who was kidnapped by Jed\'s men, help "Boss Nigger" escape. After he escapes, however, Jed and his men ride into town. Jed tries to rape Clara Mae, but she rejects him, and so he kills her with his revolver. A shootout occurs between Jed and his men and "Boss Nigger" and his allies. Jed and "Boss" have a face off, ending with "Boss Nigger" finally killing Jed. However,as he steps outside, "Boss" is shot twice and severely wounded by Mayor Griffin. "Boss" and Amos leave town after "Boss" kisses Miss Pruit goodbye. As they ride off, the theme song of Boss Nigger plays.'] ['A small California town is overrun with unruly and rowdy behavior from oil-field workers. Aaron Arnold, a Vietnam War veteran, and the brother of one of the locals , is hired to assist the police in restoring the peace. Aaron hires mercenaries trained in combat to help. After controlling the oil field workers, the veterans take over the town for their own not-always-legal purposes. Confrontation between the town police and locals and the mercenaries ends in violence.'] ['When a team of undercover narcotics officers is targeted by a serial killer, the police recruit karate champion Matt Logan  to bring the murders to an end. Logan soon discovers that a traitor within the police ranks is behind the killings. Critics nicknamed the film "A Farce of One."'] ['In the year 1202 A.D., an army led by three vampire elders (Markus, Viktor, and [[Amelia  arrives at a Lycan ravaged village. After killing several werewolves, Viktor and Amelia capture their target: Markus\'s brother, William Corvinus, the first and most powerful werewolf. Despite Markus\'s defiance, Viktor orders that William be imprisoned in a secret location forever. In the present day (just after the events of the [[Underworld , Selene takes Michael to a safe house so that she can return to the mansion to confront Kraven. She knows Kraven intends to kill Markus and plans to stop him. However, Singe\'s blood has already awakened Markus before Kraven arrives. Markus wipes out Kraven and his men, and destroys the mansion. Lorenz Macaro, an elderly and imposing man, sends in a team of "cleaners" to investigate the aftermath from the battle in the Lycans\' lair. When Macaro examines Viktor\'s body he finds a metal disk inside his ribcage which is the match to Sonja\'s pendant. The other half of the pendant is in the possession of Selene and Michael. Markus learns of Selene and Michael\'s location from camera surveillance of various safe houses and leaves to track them down. He attacks Selene and Michael, who evade him and hide in a warehouse. While inside, Selene and Michael share their feelings and have intercourse. Now knowing that the pendant is of some importance to Markus, Michael and Selene set out to solve its mystery. Selene recalls that she\'d seen it as a child, but doesn\'t know its significance. To find answers, they travel to the hideout of the exiled vampire historian, Andreas Tanis. Selene and Michael confront Tanis, who reveals that Markus, not Viktor, was the first vampire; one of the three sons of Alexander Corvinus, the first immortal. Markus was bitten by a bat and became a vampire; his twin brother, William, was bitten by a wolf and became a werewolf. The third son remained human his entire life and gave rise to a line of descendants including Michael, who became the first Lycan-Vampire Hybrid. The first werewolves created by William were entirely animal and unable to take human form again. Due to William\'s destructiveness, Markus approached Viktor, a warlord dying of old age, and offered to turn him and his army into immortal vampires in exchange for tracking down and stopping William, and in destroying those he had infected. Markus intended to capture his brother and tame him, but Viktor ordered that William be locked away forever, far away from Markus. Viktor did not kill the brothers because he believed that doing so would result in the immediate extinction of all other vampires and his Lycan slaves . Tanis also reveals that Selene\'s father was the architect who built William\'s prison and that the pendant is a key. After Lucian\'s escape, Viktor killed Selene\'s family as they knew of the prison\'s location, but turned Selene into a vampire. Tanis then refers Selene and Michael to Lorenz Macaro for help. Shortly after they leave, Markus arrives and questions Tanis, who lies desperately and tries to evade telling Markus he told Selene the family secrets. Tired of hearing Tanis\' lies, Markus learns the truth by drinking his blood, leaving Tanis dead. Selene and Michael go to see Lorenz Macaro, who is actually Alexander Corvinus. Alexander reveals that he has devoted his life to containing the Vampire-Lycan War from the mortal world, however, he refuses to help kill his sons. When Markus arrives, he impales Michael on a small pole and learns the location of William\'s hidden prison by drinking Selene\'s blood. He then attacks and mortally wounds his father and obtains the other half of the pendant, after deriding his father\'s refusal to help William and revealing he and William intend to rule the world as god-like masters of a race of hybrids. On Alexander\'s bidding, Selene drinks his blood, enhancing her physical strength and healing abilities to a level equivalent to that of a Hybrid such as Michael and Markus themselves.{{citation needed}} When Selene asked what she would become, Alexander simply stated "the future". Afterwards, Alexander blows up his ship, killing himself. Selene, aboard Corvinus\' helicopter, leads the cleaners to the prison to confront and destroy Markus, but he has already freed William. A battle ensues in which William bites the cleaners and begins turning them into werewolves. Michael, presumed to be dead inside his body-bag aboard the helicopter, suddenly regenerates and joins the fight in his Hybrid form. He ultimately kills William by tearing his head apart. Selene is then stabbed in the abdomen by Markus, but it doesn\'t kill her and she pushes him into the crashed helicopter\'s spinning blades, killing him. After the battle, Selene suddenly notices that her hand is fully bathed in sunlight coming from the roof above, and she remains unharmed. Selene narrates that she fears the days ahead, as the death of the Elders will cause nothing but chaos, but she is nevertheless hopeful.'] ['John Milton  is an undead criminal that has broken out of Hell to kill Jonah King ([[Billy_Burke_, a cult leader that tricked Milton\'s daughter into joining his followers in the wake of Milton\'s death, only to kill her and her husband and steal their daughter - Milton\'s granddaughter - to be sacrificed in a Satanist ritual. After interrogating some of King\'s followers, Milton discovers that the ritual will take place in Stillwater, a prison in Louisiana. He heads there, but stops by a diner, where he meets Piper , a waitress that is withholding sex from her boyfriend, Frank , so he will marry her. Milton\'s car is damaged, so he sabotages Piper\'s car and follows her to fix it in exchange for a ride to her home, which is on the way to Stillwater. There, Piper sees Frank having sex with another woman and they get into a fight, with Frank beating her up. Milton beats him up, knocks him out and steals the keys of his car, taking Piper along with him on a ride to Stillwater. Meanwhile, a supernatural operative of Satan, The Accountant , arrives on Earth with the mission to bring Milton back to Hell. After interrogating Frank, he discovers that Milton and Piper are heading to Louisiana and tricks the police into helping him by impersonating an FBI agent. At a shady hotel, Milton is attacked by King and his men, who heard about his return, but he kills most of them. The Accountant appears with the police and chases after Milton and Piper, who are chasing after King\'s Van. Milton uses a gun labeled "The Godkiller" to shoot the Accountant out of the road. They then follow King to a church, only to find it filled with King\'s followers. They are ambushed and captured. Piper is kidnapped and Milton is shot in the face and left for dead, but he awakens and kills King\'s men before pursuing his RV once again. Inside, Piper breaks free and fights King before jumping out of the RV and onto Milton\'s car. King then disables the car by repeatedly shooting its engine. Milton and Piper then meet Milton\'s friend Webster , who provides them a new car. Piper discovers that Milton is literally undead  and had to abandon his daughter to protect her from his former companions and that\'s why she was so easily manipulated by King. She also discovers that the Godkiller was stolen by Milton from Satan himself and has the power to completely destroy one\'s soul, preventing it from going to either Heaven or Hell. Meanwhile, the Accountant discovers that Milton is trying to save his granddaughter from being sacrificed and decides to help him due to Satan\'s distaste for people that sacrifice innocent people in his name. Piper realizes that Milton has returned from Hell to rescue his granddaughter. Milton tells Piper that he can not guarantee her safety and that she should leave, but she assures him that she has never had a worthy cause to fight for until now, and that she is with him regardless of the consequences. They then set off to Stillwater, evading the troops of Sheriff Cap  with the help of the Accountant and finally arriving at Stillwater. The Accountant captures Piper and forces Milton to give up the Godkiller before he can engage King, but he allows Milton to go into battle against King and his followers to save his granddaughter. While Milton slaughters King\'s men before they can sacrifice the child, Piper escapes The Accountant\'s clutches with the Godkiller. King eventually gets the upper hand on Milton and savagely beats him. Piper fires the Godkiller at King, but misses and hits one of his few surviving men instead. She is knocked out by the gun\'s recoil. King orders one of his female servants to murder the child. However, the woman, who had been caring for the baby ever since King stole her, finds herself unable to carry out the deed, allowing Milton to grab the Godkiller and shoot King, destroying his soul. The Accountant retrieves the baby. He allows Milton to say goodbye to her, and Milton gives the baby to Piper, and makes her promise to care for and protect her. Webster arrives and looks on as Milton "dies". After both Piper and Webster have left, Milton is revealed to be still alive  and with the Accountant. He agrees to go back to Hell, but warns that if he is punished too severely for his actions, he will escape again. The Accountant claims that he looks forward to it, insinuating that chasing Milton is the most fun he has ever had. They then drive off into the gates of Hell.'] ['The film opens with a security guard named Dennis investigating a deserted film vault at an old movie studio. While inside, his fantasy of being a rock star comes to life, but he dies while performing on stage. His boss, Mr. McCreedy , closes the door upon discovering the body. A young man named Kevin  takes the vacant job so that he can impress his girlfriend Amy . After his first shift, he drives home to Amy, finding that his two friends, the sex-crazed Daphne  and the dorky Kyle , waiting for him, and Daphne\'s Army boyfriend Nick  arrives. In one of the film\'s most commonly mocked scenes, Nick and Kevin spar with rakes in a long, protracted, repetitive scene. After Kevin loses horribly, Amy berates him for his weaknesses while Daphne and Nick have sex in Nick\'s van in the background of the scene. While in pursuit of a burglar the next evening, Kevin stumbles across the vault, which contains a small group of hairy, demonic little aliens &mdash; the hobgoblins. They escape, leaving Kevin stunned. His boss, the elderly Mr. McCreedy, explains that the hobgoblins crash landed on the studio lot decades earlier, and he has been closely guarding them ever since. The hobgoblins have the hypnotic power to make a person\'s wildest fantasies come true; however, they also kill their victims in the process when people\'s fantasies turn against them. The hobgoblins go straight to Kevin\'s house, where his friends are partying, as they are attracted by the bright lights. The hobgoblins quickly make their fantasies come true, but with dire consequences. The quiet, prudish Amy\'s fantasy leads her to the sleazy nightclub Club Scum. Kevin and the others follow her there. It turns out that Amy\'s deepest fantasy is to lose her sexual inhibitions and be a stripper. The nightclub erupts into chaos while Kevin and his friends try to kill the rampaging hobgoblins. Nick is given a fantasy in which he leads a commando raid. In the melee, Nick is set on fire by a hand grenade thrown by his commanding officer and is apparently killed , though he returns later in the movie, bandaged and on crutches, but otherwise unharmed. Kevin kills the hobgoblin in control of Amy before she can have sex with the scruffy bouncer Roadrash . Although Amy is restored to her original personality, her experience leaves her less sexually repressed than she was before. Thinking that all the hobgoblins are dead, Kevin, Amy, Kyle, and Daphne return to the lot to report back to Mr. McCreedy. Kevin is confronted by the burglar from earlier that night and beats him in a fight, finally proving his bravery to Amy. Kevin\'s victory is short lived as the burglar  pulls a gun from an ankle holster and aims it at Kevin. Just as the burglar is about to fire, McCreedy shoots the alien, thus saving Kevin\'s life. The remaining hobgoblins run back into the vault, which McCreedy has filled with explosives. The hobgoblins are then blown to pieces. Amy promises to have sex with Kevin, Nick returns to have sex with Daphne, and Kyle, odd man out, asks to use McCreedy\'s phone, presumably for more phone sex.  Hobgoblins is perhaps best known for being shown on episode #907 of Mystery Science Theater 3000. MST3K writer Paul Chaplin later commented on Hobgoblins, saying, "It shoots right to the top of the list of the worst movies we\'ve ever done."Episode 907- Hobgoblins Rick Sloane in fact submitted Hobgoblins to the MST3K team himself, and enjoyed the episode enough that he based the theme song to Hobgoblins 2 on a song Mike and the Bots sing during the episode.'] ["{{Plot}} In 1991, Sergeant Tom Hardy , a Pittsburgh Police homicide detective, has just broken the Blue Code of Silence by informing on his partner and cousin, Sergeant Jimmy Detillo , for using excessive force on a suspect. He drives out to the policeman's ball with his father, Captain Vince Hardy , who supports his son . However, the ball is postponed after a police scan goes out indicating that a serial killer nicknamed the Polish Hill strangler has been spotted on the 31st Street Bridge. After a police chase and subsequent wreck, Tom regains consciousness, learning that his father has been shot dead, and that the killer got away. Police round up the usual suspects and make an arrest in the Polish Hill murders based on the testimony of Chick Chicanis. Rather than go to prison, Jimmy climbs to the top of the 31st Street Bridge, and jumps off the bridge, as his mother did. His body is never found. Two years later in 1993, Tom is working for the Pittsburgh Police River Rescue Squad when he is called to the scene of a body dump - the victim turns out to be a stewardess, Cheryl Putnam, whom Tom had previously been involved with. Shortly thereafter he is assigned a new partner, Jo Christman . It is revealed by District Attorney Frank Morris  that Tom had been demoted to river rescue after he went on the news and publicly stated his belief that the Polish Hill Strangler was a member of the police force. His cousin Danny Detillo  has stepped down from the force, and has become an alcoholic. He just recently returned from California and has forgiven Tom for his role in Jimmy's death. At a local hospital, a nurse is abducted. Later that night Tom receives a phone call at his home similar to the ones left by the Polish Hill Strangler two years earlier, and then hears a woman scream before she is shot and the phone goes dead. Tom is then sure that the Polish Hill Strangler is still out there. However, Sergeant Eddie Eiler  goes on the news stating that the murder was committed by a copycat. Tom is met with strong opposition by his uncle Nick Detillo , now a Captain, when he states that he received a phone call from the killer. Tom then goes to the precinct, and steals Chick Chicanis' deposition file in order to conduct an unauthorized investigation. While on river patrol, he tracks down Chicanis, and tries to get him to talk at gunpoint, but is stopped by Christman. When back at the boat, they get a call over the radio; a body, the body of Paula Puglisi, another woman that Tom once dated, has been found. Tom and Jo go to the policeman's ball where a nasty brawl occurs between Tom and the officers in attendance. The couple leave the ball together and return to the docks. Finally alone together in Tom's boathouse, the two partners succumb to their mutual attraction and have sex. Outside the boat, an unseen stranger silently observes the lovemaking through the bedroom window. The following morning Jo stumbles upon Tom's investigation notes and photos of the two victims. Tom returns and shows her a newspaper article stating that another woman, Connie, yet another of Tom's old acquaintances, has been killed. Later Eiler informs Nick that he suspects Tom of the murders, but Nick refuses to let Eiler bring Tom in. He states that Tom has been under scrutiny by Internal Affairs. During a court hearing to have Tom removed from the force, it is revealed that Jo Christman is really Emily Harper of the Pennsylvania State Police, and has been monitoring Tom to find evidence of misconduct. Harper lies on the witness stand about Tom's confrontation with Chicanis, and he goes unpunished. Later that night, Emily is kidnapped. Just after arriving home, Tom calculates the distances of the body dumps to be in close proximity to his Uncle Nick's old cabin. He then suspects that Danny is the killer, seeking revenge for Jimmy. He is disturbed by his cat, trailing blood. Following the blood trail he finds his bed room trashed with blood and a firearm on the bed. Looking outside he finds another body, a police dispatcher he works with, he heads off to the cabin. Shortly after he arrives, Danny shows up and Tom demands he cooperate. Just then, someone shows up behind Tom and knocks him out. Tom awakens and finds himself, Danny, and Emily handcuffed to chairs, with the news broadcast of Jimmy's brutality case playing on a TV. The killer reveals himself as none other than Jimmy Detillo, who had survived the fall into the river two years earlier. Jimmy is about to kill Emily when Nick suddenly walks in and stops him. Nick tells him to turn himself in. Jimmy is defiant and commands Tom to ask Nick how his father really died. A flashback reveals that Nick arrived on the scene immediately after the crash, and was the first to confront the killer; he was horrified to find Jimmy, but let him escape. As Jimmy fled, Vince pried himself out of the wreckage of Tom's car and took aim at the fleeing killer, unaware that it is Jimmy. Nick tried to stop him and, in the ensuing struggle, killed Vince. After this revelation, Nick tries to kill Jimmy, but he is wearing a ballistic vest and returns fire, killing Nick. In a fit of rage, Danny charges at Jimmy, giving Tom a chance to free himself. The police begin closing in, so Jimmy flees on a motorboat, with Tom in pursuit. The two eventually get into a scuffle in which Tom kills Jimmy, by tasering him in is his mouth. While he is getting freed of his handcuffs, Eiler steps in and helps remove the cuffs, and also apologizes in the process, prompting Tom to take his best shot. After a second of reluctance, Tom punches Eiler in the face. The movie ends with Tom  visiting his father's grave with Emily and her daughter Sarah."] ["The film is set in Los Angeles, where drug king Judah Earl ([[Richard Brooks  has mechanic Ashe Corven  and his 8-year-old son Danny  killed after they witness a gang of Judah's thugs murdering a fellow drug dealer. Sarah from the first film  has been having dreams about Ashe and Danny. Sarah works in a tattoo parlor by day, and paints haunting, surreal images of death and resurrection in her apartment at night. She is haunted by disturbing dreams about Ashe and Danny, and after a day's work in the tattoo parlor, Sarah is visited in her apartment by a large crow as she contemplates a ring that Eric gave her years before. Sarah follows the crow to the harbor at night on All Saints' Day, and witnesses Ashe's resurrection and frantic escape from his watery grave. She takes him to her apartment. When Sarah tells Ashe he is dead, he panics and runs screaming into the night, ending up at his own home, where he relives the final moments of his life. Sarah arrives there to find Ashe brooding, and she explains to him why he has been resurrected by the Crow — so he can pursue those who killed him and Danny. With the guidance of the crow, Ashe starts killing Judah's henchmen, one by one. Ashe first visits Spider-Monkey  in a warehouse and interrogates him as to who else was involved in the atrocity. Ashe then kills him by blowing up the building. Another of Judah's lackeys, Nemo , is spending the night at a peeping booth. Ashe appears in the booths and kills him. Nemo is then discovered with a doll stuffed in his pants, and a paper crow in his mouth. Judah has in his employ a blind prophetess named Sybil  who is able to ascertain Ashe's link to Sarah and to the crow that is the source of his powers. Judah captures Sarah in order to draw Ashe to him and steal his power. One of the murderers, Kali , goes to Sarah's apartment to draw Ashe out. While battling her, Ashe realizes that Kali is the one who killed Danny; enraged, he throws her against a wall and then out a window, leaving a crow-shaped blood pattern. Ashe then pursues Judah's right-hand-man, Curve , in a motorcycle chase. Ashe shoots Curve's motorcycle, which blows up and throws Curve onto the road. Ashe then drags Curve into the nearby river, leaving him to die as local parishioners cast down flower petals in the shape of a crow. On the day of the annual Day of the Dead festival. Judah captures the crow and impales its wings with knives before killing it. He then ingests the blood, effectively stealing Ashe's power. Ashe must now attempt to rescue Sarah by seeking out Judah in his lair, an abandoned church. As Judah has killed the crow, Ashe is quickly losing his strength and invulnerability. As a result, Judah is able to get the best of Ashe in the ensuing fight. Judah then ties a rope around Ashe and savagely whips him, intending to then hang him. Sarah rushes up and stabs Judah in the forehead, causing Judah to drop Ashe. Judah pulls out the knife and starts moving toward Ashe. Sarah gets in the way, and Judah stabs her in the stomach. Ashe gets up and impales Judah on a metal pipe, but this does not kill Judah either. Judah still gloating that he can't be killed. While Judah is still impaled, Ashe calls upon a murder of crows, which fly though Judah. Judah's body disappears and he finally dies. Sarah then dies in Ashe's arms, a tableau reminiscent of a painting she had completed earlier in the film. Ashe returns to death, knowing that he can rest in peace."] ['James Bond—MI6 agent 007 and sometimes simply "007"—attends the funeral of Colonel Jacques Bouvar, a SPECTRE operative .The name is often mis-spelled: it is spelled Bouvar on Thunderball Ultimate Edition DVD Region 2. See Disc One, English subtitles for the film, and Disc Two under "007 Mission Control / Villains / Jacques Bouvar" Bouvar is alive and disguised as his own widow, but Bond identifies him. Following him to a château, Bond fights and kills him, escaping using a jetpack and his Aston Martin DB5. Bond is sent by M to a clinic to improve his health. While massaged by physiotherapist Patricia Fearing, he notices Count Lippe, a suspicious man with a criminal tattoo (from a [[Tong . He searches Lippe\'s room, but is seen leaving by Lippe\'s clinic neighbour who is bandaged after plastic surgery. Lippe tries to murder Bond with a spinal traction machine, but is foiled by Fearing, whom Bond then seduces. Bond finds a dead bandaged man, François Derval. Derval was a French NATO pilot deployed to fly aboard an Avro Vulcan loaded with two atomic bombs for a training mission. He had been murdered by Angelo, a SPECTRE henchman surgically altered to match his appearance.  Angelo takes Derval\'s place on the flight, sabotaging the plane and sinking it near the Bahamas. He is then killed by Emilio Largo  for trying to extort more money than offered to him. Largo and his henchmen retrieve the stolen atomic bombs from the seabed. All double-0 agents are called to Whitehall and en route, Lippe chases Bond. Lippe is killed by SPECTRE agent Fiona Volpe for failing to foresee Angelo\'s greed. SPECTRE demands £100 million in white flawless uncut diamonds from NATO in exchange for returning the bombs. If their demands are not met, SPECTRE will destroy a major city in the United States or the United Kingdom. At the meeting, Bond recognises Derval from a photograph. Since Derval\'s sister, Domino, is in Nassau, Bond asks M to send him there, where he discovers Domino is Largo\'s mistress. Bond takes a boat to where Domino is snorkelling. After Bond saves her life, the two have lunch together. Later, Bond goes to a party, where he sees Largo and Domino gambling. Bond enters the game against Largo, and wins. Bond and Domino leave the game and dance together. Bond returns to the hotel, uses a connecting door to enter his room and notices someone is also inside. Felix Leiter enters and is silenced by Bond, who finds and disarms a SPECTRE henchman in the bathroom. He releases the henchman, who returns to Largo and is thrown into a pool of sharks. Bond meets Q, and is issued with a collection of gadgets, including an underwater infrared camera, a distress beacon, underwater breathing apparatus, a flare gun and a Geiger counter. Bond attempts to swim underwater beneath Largo\'s boat, but is nearly killed. Bond\'s assistant Paula is abducted by Largo for questioning and kills herself. Bond is kidnapped by Fiona, but escapes. He is chased through a Junkanoo celebration and enters the Kiss Kiss club. Fiona finds and attempts to kill him, but is shot by her own bodyguard. Bond and Felix search for the Vulcan, finding it underwater. Bond meets Domino scuba-diving and they have underwater sex. Bond tells her that Largo killed her brother, asking for help finding the bombs. She tells him where to go to replace a henchman on Largo\'s mission to retrieve them from a submarine. Bond gives her his Geiger counter, asking her to look for them on Largo\'s ship. She is discovered and captured. Disguised as Largo\'s henchman, Bond uncovers Largo\'s plan to destroy Miami Beach.  Bond is discovered, and rescued by Leiter, who orders United States Coast Guard sailors to parachute to the area. After an underwater battle, the henchmen surrender. Largo escapes to his ship, the Disco Volante, which has one of the bombs on board. Largo attempts to escape by jettisoning the rear of the ship. The front section, a hydrofoil, escapes. Bond, also aboard, and Largo fight; Largo is about to shoot him when Domino, freed by Kutze, kills Largo with a harpoon. Bond and Domino jump overboard, the boat runs aground and explodes. A sky hook-equipped U.S. Navy aeroplane rescues them.'] ['The movie opens with the assassination of a man of unknown identity. A team of three CIA officers, including Jack Chen , a rookie, watch through surveillance as a sexy female assassin named Fiona Birch  enters the man\'s heavily guarded apartment suite and, after having sex with him, kills him by breaking his spine with her bare hands. As she makes her escape in her white Porsche 911 GT3, her car is hit by a rocket. As the officers rush over to extricate her from the wreckage, a woman in a limousine shoots her to death. The woman in the limousine is revealed to be Madam M , the leader of a mysterious assassin organization, to which the killed assassin belonged. After the incident, young girls across the globe start disappearing one after another. The only relationship among them is that they are all trained in martial arts or sports. As correctly theorized by Jack, these girls have been abducted by Madam M and transported to an island to be trained to become professional assassins. After six years of gruesome training, only Charlene Ching , Katt  and Jing  survive and "graduate". The last test in order for them to graduate was a fight for survival/to the death test. Katt and Charlene, being friends, could not kill each other, and so each is accepted as the third survivor. To celebrate Madame M gives them all different wine which has drugs in it. As the drugs take effect Madame M calls her guards who brutally rape the girls, thus  making them ready for what was to come. The three girls are then sent on several missions around the world. During one of her missions in Hong Kong, Charlene coincidentally runs into her long-lost mother, Faye Ching . Jack, who has been following Madam M\'s case for the last six years, tracks Charlene down, but Charlene manages to knock him out and escape. Believing that Charlene would return to seek her mother, Jack waits outside Faye\'s house. However, Jing shows up first and stabs Faye. Jack tries to fend her off but was no match for her. Charlene shows up shortly and kills Jing after a fierce fight. The two then escort the wounded Faye to hospital. In order to regain their freedom, Charlene and Katt accept a final mission from Madam M. A yakuza boss, Ryuichi , has contracted Madam M to eliminate a traitor in his gang. The mission turns out to be Ryuichi\'s trap to avenge his partner, who was assassinated previously by one of Madam M\'s girls . Ryuichi kills Madam M and captures Katt, while Charlene escapes. Later, she and Katt went to the meeting place and finds that it was a trap. Ryuichi then shoots a dart containing a drug. Then while Jack was at the hospital, Charlene calls him to meet her at the beach. They end up making love and by the next morning she left a note in his shoe saying if they have fate then they will meet again. When Charlene returns the next day to rescue Katt, she watches helplessly through a bullet-proof glass as Katt, after being tortured, is killed by Ryuichi, with a sword. The enraged Charlene battles Ryuichi and through an intense fight, finally manages to kill him, using the technique used by Fiona Birch. After everything is over, Jack and Charlene\'s mother, Faye, are at a Chinese temple offering prayers. Faye jokingly says that these things  must have been all nonsense in Jack\'s point of view. But Jack tells her that although he never had a religion he feels peace every time he is in the temple. Faye commends his behavior and says that he should visit the temple more often. Meanwhile, we see Charlene in a Chinese temple praying for Katt\'s soul to rest in peace and she tells the deity that she wishes to be with the one she truly loves, Jack himself. Jack claims at the end of the movie that there are times when he is sure that Charlene is beside him; the last scene of the movie is Charlene watching Jack rush through the crowd looking for her.'] ['In the grand tradition of the lone hero who mysteriously appears in a town desperate for help , having survived a war and now serving the government as an undercover agent, Danny Silva takes on his biggest foe yet: the street gangs that have taken over his neighborhood. Unwilling to play by the rules set down by the criminals, Silva forgoes the use of guns and decides to battle the thugs with the strength of his fists, spirit and willpower, turning himself into a real-life, modern-day superhero. Packed with pulse pounding, adrenaline-filled action; "Latin Dragon" gives us our first mainstream Latino martial arts action hero'] ['Full Clip is a 1970s style blaxploitation action movie . Joshua Pope  returns to his home in a small town to claim the inheritance his father has left him. Once there, however, he finds that the local police have corrupted the town and are ruling with an iron fist. So, with the help of an old friend  and his cohorts, Pope sets out to reclaim the town he once loved.'] ["Growing up in Chaiya, Surat Thani Province, three boys, Piak, Pao and Samor, are followers of Pao's brother, Krang , a legendary muay Thai fighter who is taught by Pao's father, Tew . After an accident partially cripples Samor, Piak and Pao train as boxers under Tew, but the boxing school is broken up when Tew and Krang are recruited for a gym in Bangkok. Eventually, Piak and Pao go to Bangkok themselves, bringing along Samor, and Sripai, a nurse who is engaged to Piak, but whom Pao secretly loves. Piak's hot-headedness makes him a fierce fighter, but it is also a liability that costs him a fight and ends his career. He joins the world of underground bare-knuckles brawling, and he and Samor take on other jobs in the underworld as well, including helping out at go-go bar where the pretty Warn dances and seduces Piak. While working for the underworld, both of them ended up also doing dirty works for their boss. Pao, meanwhile, begins training with his father, and works his way up the ranks, is put forward as a top boxer in a match against a fierce farang, Diamond Sullivan, which places Pao at odds with the gangsters whom Piak and Samor work for.KRU PAIK. Sripai later saw Piak in bed with Warn and went to find Pao. Pao and Sripai live together since while Piak took over the underground business once his boss was killed by another rival boss. Eventually the film climax at Pao's fight with Diamond. Pao was knocked down several times, but came victorious as he remembers the time three of them trained together as a young boy.  Although the film has received accolades for its action sequences, the films representation of the art of Muay Chaiya is not always accurate. The some depiction in the movie is more akin to the stadium style of Muay Thai, for example, where kicks are performed dropping one hand. A lot of the footwork doesn't utilize the yang saam khum that traditional Muay Chaiya uses. Muay Chaiya technique as espoused by the last surviving grandmaster Ajarn Ketr Siripatyai, does not resemble stadium muay thai in many regards. There were only a few authentic Muay Chaiya practitioners in the movie, one of which was  Prawit Kittichanthira who played Krangsuk. He is one of the top students in the style, and one of the few people who have proved that the style can be used in, and out of the ring."] ['{{Plot}} Jerry Fletcher , an obsessive–compulsive New York City taxi driver who lectures his passengers on various conspiracy theories, visits his friend Alice Sutton , who works for the U.S. Attorney, at the Justice Department. She is trying to solve her father\'s murder. Jerry tells her that NASA is trying to kill the President using a secret weapon on the Space Shuttle that can trigger earthquakes. Jerry identifies some men on the street as CIA, follows them into a building, and is captured by them. He wakes up in a mental hospital bound to a wheelchair. A doctor  tapes his eyes open, injects him with LSD, and interrogates him using torture. As the LSD kicks in Jerry remembers many previous sessions, which he sees as terrifying cartoons. In a fit of panic, Jerry manages to bite the doctor\'s nose and sufficiently incapacitate him long enough to escape, still bound to the wheelchair. He manages to shut himself in a laundry truck, escaping the premises. Jerry goes to Alice\'s office again and grabs a guard\'s gun, collapsing in Alice\'s arms. Alice visits Jerry in the hospital. Handcuffed to the bed and forced to enter a drug-induced sleep, he pleads with her to switch his chart with that of a criminal in the next bed or he will be dead by morning. In the morning, when Alice visits again, the criminal is dead, as he has suffered a mysterious heart attack during the night. The CIA, FBI and other agencies are there. She meets a mysterious CIA psychiatrist, Dr. Jonas. Meanwhile Jerry fakes a heart attack and escapes again, dropping himself down a linen chute. Jerry dresses up as a doctor and escapes the building. Jonas quizzes Alice over lunch; she explains that Jerry saved her from muggers once, so she tolerates him. In Jerry\'s hospital room she finds a copy of The Catcher in the Rye. As she discusses it with an FBI officer named Lowry, the CIA come and confiscate all of Jerry\'s personal items. Lowry offers to share information with her but she declines. The CIA cannot find Jerry. Alice goes to her car, and finds Jerry hiding in it. She stops the car and speaks with Lowry, who is tailing them, and then they go to Jerry\'s apartment where he tells her about his conspiracy theories and his newsletter. He has dozens of copies of Catcher. He feels compelled to buy it, but doesn\'t know why. They are interrupted when Jerry\'s alarm goes off, signaling the entry of a CIA SWAT team. Jerry sets everything on fire and they leave by his secret trapdoor exit. In the room below, there is a large mural on the wall, which features both Alice and the triple smokestacks of a factory near the mental institution. The pair go to Alice\'s apartment and he reveals he\'s been watching her through her window. She kicks him out. Outside, Jerry confronts Lowry and his partner staking out her place, and he warns them, at gunpoint, not to hurt her. He goes to a book store and buys a copy of Catcher. The CIA detects his purchase, and sends agents to catch him. Jerry sees their black helicopters with men rappelling down and goes into a theater. He yells "there\'s a bomb under my chair" and manages to escape during the resulting panic. The next morning, Alice has been calling each person who gets the newsletter, and they have all died that night except one. Jerry uses a ruse to get her out of the office, and then attaches cables from the CIA vehicle following her to a vendor\'s cart. On a bus they discuss more of his theories. In a subway station where one Herriman drowned in another conspiracy, she agrees to check the autopsy. He says he loves her and she rejects him. Alice goes to see the last surviving person on the subscription list, and it is Jonas. He explains that Jerry was an MK-ULTRA subject but the project was terminated - except for his research. Jonas shows her a photo of her father taken from Jerry\'s locker, and claims that Jerry went out of control and killed her father. She is crushed. Jerry sends Alice a pizza containing a message to meet him. Jonas gets her to agree to a homing device in the pizza box and Jerry drives her with the box across the Queensboro bridge. He has made previous arrangements that enable him to ditch the agents following them, leaving the homing device behind. As he drives her to her father\'s private horse stables, Jerry tells her that he can almost remember what happened and is taking her to where "the music is playing." Alice turns on her mobile phone so they can still track her. At the stables Jerry remembers that he was sent to kill her father  but found he couldn\'t kill him. Instead they became friends and Jerry promised to watch over Alice before the judge was killed by another assassin. She admits she switched the charts in the hospital. The CIA arrive and capture Jerry. Jonas gloats but Jerry says, "you\'ve never seen her run." Alice outruns the men; a sniper misses her, killing the last guy chasing her, and she escapes. Jonas tortures Jerry again. Meanwhile, Alice leads the FBI men  to Jonas\' office, but it has been entirely dismantled. Declining Lowry\'s help, Alice starts searching for Jerry. She realizes that a detail of Jerry\'s large mural is near a mental hospital and goes there. She bribes an attendant to show her an unused wing, breaks in through locked doors, and finds Jerry after hearing him singing through the ventilation ducts. As Jonas catches them, Lowry arrives with his men and attacks Jonas\'s men. Jerry attempts to drown Jonas but is shot once. In retaliation, Alice shoots Jonas dead. Alice tells Jerry she loves him as he is taken away in an ambulance. Some time later, Alice visits Jerry\'s grave, leaving his union pin upon it, before returning to horse riding. As she rides away, Jerry, Lowry and Flip watching her. Jerry is not allowed to contact her until they are sure they have rounded up all of Jonas\' other subjects. He secretly lets her know he is still alive by placing his union pin on her horse\'s saddle and the film ends.'] ['The plot revolves around Jeevan Thakurs  fight against the local cunning money lender Lala ([[Pran  & his ally Inspector Dushant Singh  with revenge for killing his parents. Orphaned in his young age, Jeevan is raised in a gang of dacoits where he takes the name Jeeva. After the death of the leader of the gang, Jeeva gets in bitter terms with another contender for leadership, Lakhan .  The action thriller movie gets its romantic touch when Jeeva fall in love with Nalini ([[Mandakini .'] ["Group of American commandos goes for the mission of saving American politicians who were kidnapped and are hold on forgotten Malaysian island. Tough-guy lieutenant Andrew Peers command the action. During the mission it's revealed there's a traitor in the ranks of the team. Consequently American soldiers are betrayed and captured by the opponents, who then interrogated and brutally tortured team's lead Andrew."] ['After the Cuban Missile Crisis, the Soviet Union planted a number of long-term, deep-cover sleeper agents all over the United States, spies so thoroughly brainwashed that even they didn\'t know they were agents; they could only be activated by a special code phrase . Their mission was to sabotage crucial parts of the civil and military infrastructure as a precursor to a possible US/USSR active conflict or war. Over twenty years pass, and the Cold War gradually gives way to détente. Nikolai Dalchimsky , a rogue KGB officer, defects to America, taking with him the Telefon Book, which contains the names, addresses and telephone numbers of all the agents. He starts activating them one by one. American counterintelligence is thrown into confusion when seemingly-ordinary citizens start blowing up what are, in some cases, outdated targets consisting of formerly top secret facilities that were declassified or abandoned years prior; the agents commit suicide right afterwards. The KGB dares not tell its political leaders, much less the Americans, about its negligence in not deactivating the spy network. Major Grigori Bortsov , who is selected for his photographic memory, memorizes the contents of the only other copy of the Telefon Book and is sent to find and stop Nikolai Dalchimsky quickly and quietly, before the politicians on either side learn what is going on and either embarrass the KGB or start a full scale nuclear war. He is given the assistance of only a single agent planted in America, Barbara . Eventually, Bortsov discovers the method behind Dalchimsky\'s madness: he chooses the agents by the first letters of their hometowns, "writing" his own name in sabotage across America. Using this information, Bortsov is finally able to track Dalchimsky down and kill him. However, there are a number of twists. Barbara has orders from the KGB to assassinate Bortsov once he succeeds in his mission, in order to get rid of a dangerous loose end. She is a double agent, but when she informs her American superiors, they also tell her to kill Bortsov; they want her to gain the confidence of the KGB. However, she has fallen in love with her would-be target. She informs Bortsov, and together they blackmail both sides into leaving them alone, holding the threat of the remaining Telefon agents over their heads.'] [" A joint Anglo-American plot is devised to steal a highly advanced Soviet fighter aircraft ([[Fictional military aircraft#Mikoyan MiG-31  which is capable of Mach 6, is invisible to radar, and carries weapons controlled by thought. Former United States Air Force Major Mitchell Gant, a Vietnam veteran-and former POW-infiltrates the Soviet Union, aided by his ability to speak Russian  and a network of Jewish dissidents and sympathizers, three of whom are key scientists working on the fighter itself. His goal is to steal the Firefox and fly it back to friendly territory for analysis. However, the KGB has gotten wind of the operation and is already hot on Gant's tail. It is only through the sympathizers that Gant remains one step ahead of the KGB and reaches the air base at Bilyarsk, where the Firefox prototype is under heavy guard. The dissident scientists working on the Firefox help Gant infiltrate the base. Dr. Pyotr Baranovich , one of the scientists, informs Gant that there is a second prototype in the hangar that must be destroyed. The diversion will allow Gant to enter the hangar and escape with the first Firefox. Gant knocks out Lt. Colonel Yuri Voskov , a Soviet pilot assigned to take the first prototype on its maiden flight during a visit from the Soviet First Secretary. The scientists attempt the destruction of the second prototype to give Gant time to suit up and start the first fighter, but the second prototype is not destroyed, and the scientists are executed by the guards. Fortunately for Gant, he escapes the hangar and lifts off just as the First Secretary arrives. Evading the Soviets' attempts to stop him, Gant barely reaches the Arctic ice pack for refueling, making a rendezvous with a US submarine whose crew refuels and rearms the aircraft. However, Gant's last-minute refusal to kill Voskov has consequences; the Soviet pilot flies the second prototype, with orders to wait for him at the North Cape area. Gant completes the rendezvous and is on the way home when Voskov engages him in a dogfight. After a long battle, Gant barely manages to fire one of his rearward missiles and Voskov's plane is destroyed. Satisfied that there are no other Soviet forces chasing him, Gant begins his flight to safety."] ["This version of Operation Entebbe is believed to be fairly accurate.{{whom}} A fourth hostage, Dora Bloch, who had been taken to Mulago Hospital in Kampala, was murdered by the Ugandans on Idi Amin's orders."] ["Blood Alley tells the story of Captain Tom Wilder , an American Merchant Marine captain whose ship was seized by the Chinese Communists. He has been imprisoned by them for a number of years. Wilder has been recruited to take the people of Chiku Shan village in Red China to British Hong Kong in a small wood-burning sternwheeler riverboat, with nothing more than his memory of the coast, a hand drawn chart, and an unreliable magnetic compass to navigate with. The villagers have been setting up this plan for two years, gradually raising the bottom of the channel into their village harbor with stones so that once the local patrol boat  is lured inside, sinking some of the village sampans loaded with rocks will cause it to run aground and trap it there, thereby delaying word of their escape. They have also been quietly accumulating arms ranging from .30 caliber Browning machine guns to Mosin Nagant rifles against the day they make their break for freedom. They also have to deal with the complication of a family of dedicated Communists in the village, the Fengs, who must be brought along despite their ideology. If they are left behind, they will either rat out the rest of the villagers or be shot for allowing them to escape. The villagers include the riverboat's Chief Engineer, a US Navy-trained marine engineer named Tack, played by Henry Nakamura. He has sabotaged the riverboat, to force the ChiComs to install a steel boiler to replace the original cast iron boiler that is not up to the task of taking the ferryboat 300 miles along the coast to Hong Kong. He also helps the villagers who have come aboard as passengers when the escape is launched to pirate the sternwheeler by setting off smoke bombs to simulate a fire aboard. The freedom-loving Chinese take the ferry and with Wilder in command bring her to the village. Wayne's love interest is the tough and determined Cathy Grainger  whose father is a medical missionary. Dr. Grainger is murdered by the Reds after an operation he was performing on a political commissar went sour while the final preparations for the escape were being made. Wilder is forced to tell her of the murder just before the villagers leave their ancestral homes for the last time aboard the renamed Chiku Shan. Following their carefully thought out plan, the villagers lure the patrol boat into the harbor and trap it there, ripping its bottom out on the artificial reef they have built. They then flee down the coast, bluffing their way past a Peoples Liberation Army Navy destroyer that has not yet learned about their escape and disappearing into a fog bank, hiding by day and sailing by night. Along the way, the Fengs first poison the food supply and then during a storm attempt to take the ship, an attempt that fails. It is during the storm that Cathy comes to terms with her feelings of love for the bluff Captain Wilder. Forced by a shortage of wood and fresh water to pull into the Graveyard of Ships at Honghai Bay, Captain Wilder intends to strip wood for the fires and water from the wrecks to fill his tanks and the boiler. While mooring, he picks up a heavy timber through the sternwheel, forcing him to stay there longer than he'd planned so Chiku Shan can be repaired. At the same time, Cathy leaves the ship to search for the truth about her father's death , returning after learning his death was exactly as Wilder had told her; and the Fengs are put off the ship, only to be taken back aboard  when the destroyer they had slipped past earlier first shells the Graveyard and later sends her boats to search for the ferry in the maze of channels of the estuary in which Wilder has sought refuge. Unable to use the engine because the smoke from the boiler would give away their position, the passengers aboard Chiku Shan pole and tow their riverboat through the marshlands until they can reach the open sea beyond the range of the searching Red destroyer's boats. Tack fires up the boiler again and Chiku Shan triumphantly proceeds to Hong Kong Harbor with her 170-plus refugees aboard, freed from the tyranny of Communism."] ['Eric Desmond  is an amateur marshal in the wilderness of Alaska who has to deal with a homicidal trapper Ben Corbett , his fellow trappers and a greedy politician.'] ["A team of SEALs chases a group of terrorists onto the island after destroying a weapons cache and rescuing a special agent held hostage. While tracking the terrorists, mutated dinosaurs appear and the mission changes into simple survival. The dinosaurs use their skilled sense of smell and ability to swim to devour the SEALs and terrorists. After losing several men to vicious raptors and killing some of the terrorists, the Seals manage to rescue the special agent captured by Azir, the terrorists' leader. The agent, Jamie, and the remaining SEALs discover a crash site of a Chinese aircraft. Around the site are broken containers that originally contained nuclear waste, raising the question of why the Chinese government had American nuclear waste. It is deduced that this caused the local animals to mutate to near-perfect dinosaurs. The dinosaurs kill all the terrorists except Azir, who murders a SEAL, stealing his armor and machine gun. After encountering more mutant raptors, the last three SEALs and Jamie find refuge in a cave, which turns out to be the nest of the dinosaurs. In the end, Azir is eaten by a mutated Carnotaurus and the entire island blows up as a result of volcanic activity. The last scene is of three raptors escaping the carnage, swimming after the rescue helicopter."] ["The film opens with an archaeologist looking at some artifacts he has dug up from an Indian burial ground. Among these items is the skull of an Indian chief, Skeleton Man appears through a portal and kills the archaeologist. Skeleton Man then chases the archaeologist's assistant to a power plant, killing her and the two men working there. Skeleton Man, now on horseback, kills a soldier and chases his partner. Before being killed, the second soldier manages to record a video and send it back to his bosses. They receive it and send in Delta Force to deal with this unknown threat. As they advance, a female soldier falls behind and is impaled through the chest. The team finds an old Indian man who tells them that Skeleton Man, known as Cottonmouth Joe, was a genocidal warrior that killed his tribe and is now stalking them. The team pays him no heed. Meanwhile, Cottonmouth Joe slaughters the workers at an oil pumping station. That night, two sentries are also killed . The team's scout  also disappears. The next day, the team encounters Cottonmouth Joe. The heavy weapons specialist charges him but is killed and the team opens fire to no effect. A support helicopter of Citizen's Militia is also destroyed. One man goes to recover the heavy weapons specialist's body but finds it missing. The squad then discovers the team scout, whom they accidentally shot in the firefight . The team tries to lure their adversary into a trap, but run out of ammo. Another trooper is killed, as is the team sharpshooter who has her skull crushed by a tomahawk. The two remaining troopers (Captain Leary  and Lt. Scott  again try to lure Cottonmouth Joe into a trap to no avail. Skeleton man ends his pursuit of them and heads to a nearby chemical plant where he kills several workers, two guards, the manager and several scientists. The two remaining soldiers arrive and find the place surrounded by law enforcement. Captain Leary takes a sheriff's Armsel Striker and goes to confront the undead adversary. After a cat-and-mouse chase through the chemical plant, Captain Leary lures Cottonmouth Joe into a generator room and blows him up with electric current. As the film's credits begin to roll, they suddenly reverse and show Skeleton Man back on his horse in the woods, thus indicating that he has survived."] ['A former cop turned Los Angeles P.I. takes on a case of a missing diamond cutter that leads him on an adventure of love and villainy spanning dei mafiosi to the present day Jewelry District.'] ['Jack Cole  was once a government intelligence operative known as "The Glimmer Man," because he could move so quickly and quietly through the jungle that his victims would only see a glimmer before they died. Having left the Glimmer Man job behind him, Cole - steeped in buddhism and not used to working with others - has become a detective with the Los Angeles Police Department. Cole is partnered with Jim Campbell , a tough, no-nonsense cop who has little patience for Cole\'s New Age philosophies and outsider attitude. Cole and Campbell have to set aside their differences when they\'re assigned to track down a serial killer called "The Family Man," for his habit of killing entire households. The Family Man\'s latest victims turn out to be Cole\'s former wife Ellen and her current husband Andrew Dunleavy - and Cole\'s fingerprints are found on Ellen\'s body. Cole and Campbell think that Cole\'s former bosses in the government may somehow be involved in the killings. Cole contacts his friend Smith ([[Brian Cox , unaware that he has been working with local crime boss Frank Deverell . Cole and Campbell receive a tip that leads them to Christopher Maynard , who admits that he committed the Family Man murders that happened before Cole arrived in Los Angeles. Someone else has been committing the more recent murders and making it look like Maynard\'s work. Cole fatally shoots Maynard in self defense. Cole, hoping to get a lead on the new killer, goes to the home of Deverell\'s Russian translator Celia Roslov , who was a victim of the killer. The killer attacks Cole, and later sets Campbell\'s home on fire. Cole and Campbell discover that Deverell\'s stepson Johnny  knows some important information. Johnny tells Cole and Campbell that Deverell\'s right-hand man, Donald Cunningham , is the new killer who has been making his killings look like Maynard\'s work. Johnny also tells them that Smith has been working with Deverell. Cole and Campbell confront Smith, who says that Deverell is smuggling chemical weapons into the USA from Russia, with plans to sell the weapons to a group of Serbian terrorists. Smith made the contacts, with the deal being cut by a group of Russian terrorists known as the Russian Liberation Fighters. The meeting for the deal is scheduled to take place at a downtown welfare hotel. Cole and Campbell storm the hotel, where Cunningham fatally shoots Deverell, and Cole kills Cunningham by throwing him through a window and onto a wrought iron fence below. Campbell, having been shot, tells Cole that, ever since he met him, he\'s been nothing but trouble. Cole says he\'ll keep that in mind, as Campbell is taken away in an ambulance.'] ["DEA agents collect James Bond – MI6 agent 007 – and his friend, now DEA agent Felix Leiter, on their way to Leiter's wedding in Miami to have them assist in capturing drugs lord Franz Sanchez. Bond and Leiter capture Sanchez by attaching a hook and cord to Sanchez's plane in flight near The Bahamas and pulling it out of the air with a Coast Guard helicopter. Afterwards, Bond and Leiter parachute down to the church in time for the ceremony. Sanchez bribes DEA agent Ed Killifer and escapes. Meanwhile, Sanchez's henchman Dario and his crew ambush Leiter and his wife Della. Leiter is maimed by a great white shark and Della is raped and killed. When Bond returns to Leiter's house to find Della dead and Felix alive, but seriously wounded, he swears to take his revenge on Sanchez. After Bond kills Killifer by pushing him into the tank with the shark that maimed Leiter, M meets Bond in Key West's Hemingway House and orders him to an assignment in Istanbul, Turkey. Bond resigns after turning down the assignment, but M suspends Bond instead and immediately revokes his licence to kill. Bond flees from MI6 custody and becomes a rogue agent, bereft of official backing but later surreptitiously helped by MI6 armourer Q. Bond boards the Wavekrest – a ship run by Sanchez's henchman Milton Krest – and foils Sanchez's latest drug shipment, stealing five million dollars in the process. Bond recruits Pam Bouvier, an ex-CIA agent-pilot whom he rescues from Dario at a Bimini bar, and journeys with her to the Republic of Isthmus. In Isthmus City, Bond is met by Q. He finds his way into Sanchez's employment by posing as an assassin looking for work. Two Hong Kong Narcotics Bureau officers foil Bond's attempt to assassinate Sanchez and take him to an abandoned warehouse. They are joined by Fallon, an MI6 agent who was sent by M to apprehend Bond either dead or alive. Bond is about to be sedated via injection and sent back to the UK in disgrace when Sanchez's men rescue Bond and kill the officers, believing them to be the assassins. Later, with the aid of Bouvier, Q and Sanchez's girlfriend Lupe, Bond frames Krest by placing the five million dollars he had stolen into the hyperbaric chamber on board the Wavekrest. An angry Sanchez traps Krest in the chamber and then rapidly depressurises it, killing him; meanwhile, for Bond's perceived loyalty, Sanchez admits him into his inner circle. Sanchez takes Bond to his base, which is disguised as a meditation retreat. Bond learns that Sanchez's scientists can dissolve cocaine in petrol and then sell it disguised as fuel to Asian drug dealers. The buying and selling are conducted via the televangelist Professor Joe Butcher, working under orders from Sanchez's business manager Truman-Lodge. The re-integration process will be available to those underworld clients who can pay Sanchez's price. During Sanchez's presentation to potential Asian customers, Dario discovers Bond and betrays him to Sanchez. Bond starts a fire in the laboratory and attempts to flee, but is captured again and placed on the conveyor belt that drops the brick-cocaine into a giant shredder. Bouvier arrives and distracts Dario, allowing Bond to pull Dario into the shredder, killing him. Sanchez flees as fire consumes his base, taking with him four articulated tankers full of the cocaine and petrol mixture. Bond pursues them by plane, with Bouvier at the controls. During the course of the chase through the desert, three of the four tankers are destroyed. Sanchez attacks Bond aboard the final remaining tanker, which loses control and crashes down a hill side. Soaked in petrol from the leaking tanker, Sanchez attempts to kill Bond with his machete. Bond then reveals his cigarette lighter – the Leiters' gift for being the best man at their wedding – and sets Sanchez on fire, taking revenge for Felix and Della. Burning, Sanchez stumbles into the wrecked tanker causing it and him to explode. Bouvier, driving the tractor from one of the destroyed tankers, rescues Bond. Later, a party is held at Sanchez's former residence. Bond receives a call from Leiter telling him that M is offering him his job back."] ['A police officer is shot down on Christmas Eve when he stumbles upon a robbery-homicide at a convenience store. A down-on-his-luck L.A. County Sheriff\'s Dept. homicide detective, Jerry Beck , is assigned to the case. As with every case, he takes this one very emotionally, because "the job" is the last thing left in his life, and vows to get the perpetrator no matter what. The slain officer\'s widow further complicates the issue when she entices Beck into a one-night stand, in the hope that Beck will not only find but kill her husband\'s murderer. During the investigation Beck learns that the murder of a policeman was just the tip of the iceberg, as he finds the roots of the suspect are in a White Supremacist, Neo-Nazi group. Of interest to trivia buffs-- "Jerome Beck" is listed in the film\'s closing credits as walk-on character Detective John, and also as the film\'s technical police advisor.'] ['Reynolds plays Caine, a gunrunner who becomes stranded in a small port in the Red Sea. He meets a seductive woman who propositions him to dive into shark-infested waters off the coast for scientific research. However, when Caine realizes the woman and her partner are actually treasure hunters, the action starts to heat up both above and below the water.'] ['Street-smart white detective Danny Bassett  teams with educated black detective Sgt. Jesse Williams  to investigate a theft of $400,000 at a fund-raiser for Representative Aubrey Hale Clayton .<ref name9E06E0DB123BF93AA35753C1A96E958260 FILM REVIEW; Detective Buddies and Racial Boundaries.] New York Times'] ["Raizo ([[Rain  is raised by the Ozunu Clan to become the most lethal ninja assassin in the world. As a child, Raizo  was taken in by Lord Ozunu  and is enrolled in severe brutal training to become the next successor of their clan. The only generosity he ever receives was from a kunoichi named Kiriko , with whom he develops a romantic bond. As time goes on, Kiriko becomes disenchanted with the Ozunu's routine and wishes to abandon it for freedom. One rainy night, Kiriko decides to make her escape and encourages Raizo to join her; however he decides to stay. Branded as a traitor, Kiriko was caught and later executed in front of Raizo by her elder ninja brother Takeshi . As a result of Kiriko's death, Raizo begins to harbor resentment and doubt towards the Ozunu. However, this is shown to be in the past. The scene switches to the present where a disguised female assassin  attempts to kill Raizo at a laundromat. He successfully fends off all her attacks and succeeds in killing her, leaving her remains in the washing machine.The scene switches back to the past where Raizo is seated in a car and is instructed by Lord Ozunu to successfully complete his first assassination mission. Afterwards, Raizo meets the rest of his clan atop a city skyscraper in Berlin. There he is instructed by Lord Ozunu to execute another kunoichi traitor like Kiriko. He rebels against Lord Ozunu by cutting his face with a kyoketsu-shoge and engages in combat against his fellow ninja kin. Barely surviving, he falls over the edge of the skyscraper and into a nearby pool. Raizo recovers from his ordeal and begins to intervene and foil subsequent Ozunu assassination attempts. Meanwhile, Europol agent Mika Coretti  has been investigating money-linked political murders and finds out that they are possibly connected to the Ozunu. She defies her superior, Ryan Maslow , and retrieves secret agency files to find out more about the investigation. Mika meets Raizo and convinces him to see Maslow for protection as well as to provide evidence against the Ozunu. However, Raizo is arrested by Maslow and abducted by agents from Europol for interrogation. Although feeling betrayed, Mika is assured by Maslow that he is still on her side and gives her a tracking device for emergencies. The Ozunu ninja infiltrate the Europol safehouse where Raizo is being held in an attempt to kill him and everybody inside. Mika frees Raizo and they both manage to escape, but Raizo suffers near-mortal wounds. Mika then takes him to a motel to hide. Resting in the motel, Mika implants the tracking device into Raizo, as the ninjas remain in pursuit. Unable to fend off the Ozunu, she hides outside the motel until Special Forces arrive to help her. By the time they arrive, the ninjas have already kidnapped Raizo, bringing him before Lord Ozunu for prosecution. During transport back to the Ozunu, Raizo uses his ninja techniques to heal his own wounds. Europol special forces and tactical teams led by Maslow storm the secluded Ozunu retreat  using the tracking device on Raizo. Raizo kills Takeshi and confronts Lord Ozunu in a sword duel. Mika interferes to help, but is stabbed by Lord Ozunu. Enraged, Raizo uses a 'shadow blending' technique for the first time to distract and kill Lord Ozunu. Mika, seemingly fatally wounded, is in fact saved by a quirk of birth: her heart is actually on the opposite side of her chest. After Europol leaves, Raizo stays behind to tend to the ruins of the Ozunu retreat. He later climbs the same wall Kiriko did while trying to escape in the past, and looks out at the surrounding countryside. He then recognizes his freedom for the first time."] ['Officer Jim Street , a former Navy SEAL and hot-shot cop from the Los Angeles Police Department and his SWAT team are sent to stop a gang of robbers who have taken over a bank. His high-tempered partner and close friend Brian Gamble  disobeys an order not to fire on a bank robber, and accidentally wounds a hostage in the process. Gamble and Street are demoted by Captain Fuller , the commander of LAPD\'s Metropolitan Division, who is portrayed as a "fussy martinet". Gamble quits following arguments with Fuller and Street, who is taken off the SWAT team and sent to work in the "gun cage", where he looks after gear and weapons. Six months after the incident, the chief of police calls on Sergeant Daniel "Hondo" Harrelson  to help re-organize the SWAT division. Hondo puts together a diverse team, including himself, Street, Chris Sánchez , Deacon Kaye , TJ McCabe , and Michael Boxer . The team trains together and develops bonds of friendship, and their first mission to subdue an unstable gunman is a success. Meanwhile, French drug lord Alexander Montel  kills his father and uncle for control of the family\'s crime empire. Uniformed LAPD personnel stop Montel for a broken taillight, detain him, and learn through Interpol that he is an international fugitive. But as Montel is transferred to prison, his associates, dressed as LAPD officers, attempt to rescue him as he rides the Los Angeles County Sheriff\'s Department bus. Hondo\'s SWAT team kills the gunmen and recaptures Alexander. As Montel is being brought into the police station in front of reporters, he yells to the TV cameras, "I will give 100 million dollars to whoever gets me out of here!" The LAPD makes plans to transfer Montel into federal custody. They plan to fly him away, but a mysterious attacker  shoots down the helicopter with a high-powered rifle. The police next send out a large convoy, which gang members attack. It proves to be a decoy, and Hondo\'s team has spirited Montel away in two SUVs. However, TJ has been plotting with Gamble, and the two succeed in taking Montel from the other officers, critically wounding Boxer in the process. Hondo and the rest give chase for a final battle against Gamble\'s group. Hondo\'s team is victorious; TJ commits suicide rather than be captured, and Street successfully kills Gamble by sending him under the wheels of a passing train, decapitating him. The SWAT team delivers Montel to a federal prison to await trial. On the way home to LA, a report of a holdup in progress comes over the police radio, and despite the team being two officers down and off shift for the past twelve hours, Hondo, Street, Kaye, and Sanchez decide to help anyway.'] ['The film begins by revealing that an epidemic disease has overwhelmed humanity, turning nearly everyone into blood-thirsty vampire like humans. According to the narrator, there is no known cure and very few survivors left fighting "Against the Dark". The first few scenes are used to establish the main characters, with Seagal playing a tough guy in charge of a group of vampire hunters. The survivors in the hospital are shown to be scared, isolated and untrusting. As the characters work their way through the hospital, they drift apart numerous times, often getting lost and attacked. . To make matters worse for the survivors, a massive army base is planning to sterilize the area at dawn. The survivors explain that there is only one functioning exit from the hospital  and they have to get to this exit before the emergency power runs out and they are shut inside. To make matters worse many of the stairways and elevators are blocked off, forcing them to make their way level by level, finding a way to the next one down to gain the exit. Meanwhile, Cross  tries to prevent Lt. Waters  from unleashing a bombing raid on the hospital. Some survivors and a hunter are killed and one is infected as they make their way out of the hospital. A survivor is captured by a human to be fed on by his infected daughter, but is rescued by Tao . As the humans make their way out a horde of infected chase them. As they exit the hospital just in time before the power fails the vampires become trapped inside. The surviving humans then run as jet planes bomb the forsaken hospital.'] ["A long time inmate Twitch  gets himself transferred to a tougher prison than the re-opened Alcatraz. He claims it's to be closer to his lady but his real motives are a bit more grandiose. There he crosses paths with Burke  a bulky prisoner who can take care of himself. Twitch, despite being less muscular, is just as mouthy and is pretty much the same. But there is a gang war brewing between the Black and Hispanic inmates that explodes into a hostile takeover of the prison when the Blacks' gang leader is shot dead and the finger points at Burke. But the situations worsen when the real killer and leader of the Hispanics, Cortez  takes Twitch's girlfriend  and Burke's daughter  hostage as well, betraying his comrades to escape. Eventually things get more complicated as Twitch's real reason for his transfer is to find gold stashed somewhere in state, and Cortez demands a helicopter out of state or otherwise the hostages are dead. Burke and Twitch eventually catch up to Cortez and after a long fight with Burke ending up wounded, Cortez is knocked out and transferred to another prison. Twitch is given parole after his actions that could have seen him wait even longer before he actually gets out, with Burke having to serve only a few more weeks rather than years. Twitch and his girlfriend find the gold and, as a favor for Burke, set up his account with 80 million dollars along with a plan to help Burke's daughter for college, surprising Burke himself."] ["Dragon Tiger Gate is an academy established by two powerful martial artists. The academy aims to train students with martial arts in order to uphold justice and combat the threat of the triads. The academy is also a haven for children who had been orphaned by triads. The story begins with the two sons, who were born to different mothers, of Wong, one of the founders of the academy. The older is named Dragon and the younger is named Tiger. When the boys were young, Dragon's mother left the academy and gave Dragon half of a jade amulet pendant and told him that his half-brother Tiger has the other half. When Dragon's mother was killed in a fire, Dragon was taken into the care of triad boss named Ma Kun and he grew up to become his bodyguard. Ma Kun's gang is a subject of the evil Luocha Cult. Several years later, Tiger and his friends are dining in a restaurant and encounter Ma Kun and his men, who are receiving the Luocha Plaque. The plaque is a symbol of authority within the Luocha Cult and indicates that the holder is second only to the cult's leader Shibumi. Ma Kun and the leader of the White Lions Gang were arguing over the plaque when Tiger interrupts and starts a fight with the gangsters. They manage to seize the plaque. Just then, Dragon appears and fights with Tiger, whom he does not recognise to be his half-brother. Ma Kun calls for Dragon to pull back. Later that night, Dragon confronts Tiger and his friends at a Japanese restaurant to take back the plaque. Tiger and his friends have been drugged by Scaly, another of Ma Kun's lackeys, who also wanted to seize back the plaque to prove to his boss that he is the better man. Scaly and his followers fight Dragon over possession of the plaque. Turbo Shek, another diner at the restaurant, is aroused by the commotion and he joins in the fight on Dragon's side. Dragon and Turbo defeat Scaly and his men and Dragon takes back the plaque from Tiger. Just then, Tiger discovers that Dragon has the other half of the jade amulet pendant and realises that Dragon is actually his half-brother. Turbo follows Tiger back to Dragon Tiger Gate and wants to be enrolled into the academy to improve his martial arts. He is refused by the current leader of the academy, Master Wong, for his arrogance. Dismayed, Turbo waits outside the academy and promises not to leave unless he is accepted in as student. Master Wong agrees to spar with Turbo and defeats Turbo easily. Turbo is humbled and accepted by Master Wong as a student. Meanwhile, Ma Kun returns the Luocha Plaque to signify his retirement. He is supported by Dragon, who wants to return to Dragon Tiger Gate, and his daughter Ma Xiaoling, who wants a simple life. Shibumi sees this as an insult and sends his henchmen, the Double Devils, to kill Ma Kun. He uses his subordinate Lousha to lure Dragon away while his minions kill Ma Kun. Dragon realises that he had been tricked and return to rescue Ma Kun but it is too late. Dragon slays the Double Devils after a vicious fight and leaves Ma Xiaoling in his brother's care before leaving. Shibumi was impressed with Dragon for defeating his henchmen and goes to Dragon Tiger Gate to issue a challenge. With Dragon not present, Master Wong, Tiger and Turbo takes on Shibumi's challenge but were utterly defeated. Master Wong is killed by Shibumi while Tiger and Turbo are severely wounded. Ma Xiaoling brings Tiger and Turbo to Mount Baiyun to seek help from Master Qi. Master Qi heals the wounded Tiger and Turbo, and teaches them new martial arts techniques to fight Shibumi. Tiger and Turbo storm into Shibumi's Black Pagoda to stop him from committing evil acts once and for all. Although their martial arts abilities have greatly improved since the last time they fought, they are still not Shibumi's match. At the critical moment, Dragon appears and fights Shibumi, eventually defeating him. Before the film ends, Dragon returns to Dragon Tiger Gate together with Tiger and Turbo."] ['Jeffrey Nicolas Grant , a brash hyperactive high school student lives in San Diego with his parents, who own a successful garden centre. Keen to fly, he has applied for entry to the Air Force Academy. During a routine background check on Jeff, FBI agent Roy Parmenter  finds contradictory information on his parents, making him suspect that all is not as it should be. Further investigations reveal that they may be \'sleeper\' agents for the Soviet Union with a teenager son, Jeff Nicholas. Unable to arrest them as they haven\'t actually done anything yet, Roy continues his investigation, and moves into the house across the street from the Grant family. He worms his way into their confidence. He eventually confronts Jeff with his suspicions and seeks Jeff\'s cooperation to learn more about his family. Initially unbelieving, Jeff is soon forced to accept the facts and discovers that even his own name is fictitious, his real name is Nikita. Roy confides to Jeff that twenty years earlier, his partner was killed by a Soviet agent, known only as \'Scuba\' , and that he\'s still at large. It transpires that \'Scuba\' is now a rogue agent, killing KGB agents one by one, including "sleepers". Meanwhile, a spy-catcher, Konstantin Karpov , has been sent from the Soviet embassy in Mexico to \'reel in\' Scuba. Jeff is captured and held as a hostage at gunpoint by Karpov, as he and \'Scuba\' make their way to the Mexican border on the San Diego Trolley. Roy has also confronted them and is holding Karpov at gunpoint. At the border, the situation resolves itself; Karpov and \'Scuba\' cross into Mexico, and the Grant family remain in the USA. It remains unclear what their fate will be.'] ['Doug Masters , son of veteran U.S. Air Force pilot Col. Ted Masters , is a hotshot civilian pilot, hoping to follow in his father\'s footsteps. Then, his hopes are dashed when he receives a notice of rejection from the Air Force Academy. Making matters worse is the news of his father being shot down and captured by the fictional Arab state of Bilya while patrolling over the Mediterranean Sea. Despite the incident occurring over international waters, the Arab state\'s court finds Col. Masters guilty of trespassing over their territory and sentences him to hang in three days. Seeing that the U.S. government will do nothing to save his father\'s life, Doug decides to take matters into his own hands and come up with his own rescue mission. He requests the help of Col. Charles "Chappy" Sinclair , a Vietnam veteran pilot currently in the Air Force Reserve, who has known Col. Masters for only a couple of years. Chappy is skeptical at first, but Doug convinces him that with his friends, he has full access to the airbase\'s intelligence and resources and he can give him an F-16 fighter for the mission. To Doug\'s surprise, he learns that Chappy had already begun planning the rescue operation himself after he learned the outcome of Col. Masters\' trial. The combined efforts of Chappy and Doug\'s team result in a meticulously planned mission and the procurement of two heavily armed F-16 planes, with Doug flying the second unit. On the day of Col. Masters\' execution, Doug and Chappy fly their planes to the Mediterranean Sea and cross into the enemy state\'s airspace. In the ensuing battle, they take out three MiG-23 fighters and destroy an airfield, but Chappy\'s plane is damaged by an anti-aircraft gun. He tells Doug to climb to a high altitude and play the tape he made him the night before, then his engine fails and Doug listens as Chappy\'s fighter goes down. Chappy\'s recorded voice gives Doug encouragement and details that help him complete the mission and rescue his father. Making the enemy believe he is leading a squadron, Doug threatens the enemy state into releasing his father from prison and moving him to the base\'s northernmost runway for pickup. Before Doug lands his plane, Col. Masters is shot by an Arab sniper, causing Doug to destroy the airbase and engulf the runway with napalm to keep the army at bay while he lands and picks up his wounded father. Just as they take off, Doug and his father encounter another group of MiGs led by Col. Akir Nakesh  - himself an ace pilot. The lone F-16 and Nakesh\'s MiG engage in a long dogfight until a missile from Doug finishes off Nakesh. Low on fuel and ammunition, the F-16 is being pursued by the other enemy MiGs when a squadron of U.S. Air Force F-16s appear, warding off the MiGs before escorting Doug and his father to Ramstein Air Base in Germany. While Col. Masters is being treated for his wounds, Doug is reunited with Chappy, who had ejected from his plane and was picked up by a fishing trawler. The two are summoned by an Air Force judiciary panel for their reckless actions. Seeing that any form of punishment for the duo would expose an embarrassing lapse in Air Force security, the panel forgoes prosecution as long as Doug and Chappy never speak of their operation to anyone. In addition, Chappy convinces the panel to grant Doug admission to the Air Force Academy. A plane assigned by the President returns to the U.S., reuniting Doug, Chappy and Col. Masters with family and friends.'] ['Having successfully completed his final mission three years prior, which was to retrieve a truck load of plutonium stolen from a US military base in Croatia by freelance international terrorist Stavros , government anti-terrorist agent Jack Paul Quinn  is relaxing by his pool in South France with Kathryn, his pregnant wife. Quinn is approached by a government representative who tells him that Stavros, Quinn’s nemesis, has become active again and tries to convince Quinn to come out of retirement telling Quinn that he ‘can’t retire until he [Stavros] does’. Quinn is reluctant to return to duty but agrees after the same representative is killed by Stavros shortly after the meeting with Quinn.  Acting on intelligence received, Quinn travels to Antwerp, Belgium where he meets up with quirky arms dealer Yaz, , who equips Quinn with weaponry and then proceeds to meet the Delta team put together to capture Stavros. Stavros has been tracked to an amusement park but Quinn hesitates to give the order to shoot Stavros when it becomes apparent that Stavros is meeting with his six-year-old son. Stavros exploits Quinn’s hesitation and a shootout ensues in which Stavros’ son is killed and Stavros is able to escape into a hospital, pursued by Quinn. Stavros and Quinn fight in the hospital’s maternity ward with Stavros getting away after knocking Quinn unconscious in an explosion. Quinn wakes up on ‘The Colony’, an inescapable, invisible penal institution island for secret agents reminiscent of The Village from The Prisoner. Quinn learns that he has been sent to the Colony due to his failure to capture Stavros, that his family has been told he was killed and that only agents considered ‘too valuable to kill but too dangerous to set free’ are committed to the institution. The occupants of the Colony are expected to help analyse terrorist threats and have to register themselves present every day using a fingerprint scanner. Meanwhile, Kathryn receives a call from an art gallery in Rome telling her that they would like to display her sculptures and that they will fly her out immediately. When she arrives, Stavros kidnaps her. Whilst analysing information received from a terrorist bombing, Quinn picks up a message from Stavros telling him that Stavros has captured Kathryn and so Quinn realises he must escape the Colony if he is to save her. Quinn devises a system to fool the fingerprint scanner and is able to leave the island by attaching himself to cargo due to be extracted from the island from the air. Quinn goes to Yaz, the only man who can help him, pleading for assistance in return for access to CIA bank accounts. Yaz agrees to help and the two go to Quinn’s house where they are ambushed by Stavros’ men. After fighting the men off, Quinn receives a message from Stavros telling him that he must go to Rome for his baby’s sake. When they arrive in Rome, Yaz learns that Quinn’s wife is pregnant after Stavros delivers a sonogram of the baby to the given rendezvous. Quinn emails Stavros encouraging him to meet in a town square, knowing that Stavros will have to take the bait. At the meeting point, Quinn catches sight of Kathryn in a car but is intercepted by Stavros before he can reach her and a shootout occurs as Kathryn is driven away. Quinn tracks Stavros’ henchmen down to the hotel suite where Kathryn was being held and finds a clue to her whereabouts — a prescription bottle label. Meanwhile, Kathryn is transported to hospital where she gives birth. Using the prescription bottle and with Yaz’s help, Quinn is able to track down the hospital where he finds Kathryn but discovers that Stavros has taken his son. Thanks to assistance from a nurse, Quinn locates Stavros and the baby in an explosives-rigged Roman amphitheater. Stavros leaves Quinn in the middle of a minefield with his son and then unleashes a tiger. Thankfully, Yaz arrives on a motorbike and is able to snatch the baby, leaving Quinn to escape from the tiger and go after Stravros. Quinn and Stavros fight in the minefield until Stavros steps on a mine  and is left stranded. Quinn, his son and Yaz run as Stavros is charged by the tiger and takes his foot off the mine, a chain reaction rips the amphitheater apart and Quinn is able to shield his friends from the ensuing blast by sheltering under a Coke dispenser. Stavros and the tiger are killed in the blast.'] ['Former national swimmer Cheon-soo dreams of travelling to Palau, and to fund his trip he works as a swimming instructor by day while gambling at night. However, after losing a game of poker he finds himself heavily in debt and in trouble with the loan sharks. Kang, the head of a local drugs syndicate, offers to pay off Cheon-soo\'s debts; in return, Cheon-soo must work as a "marine boy", a mule who smuggles drugs across the open waters. Knowing the danger he faces, Cheon-soo tries to make a run for it, but he is arrested at the airport by police detective Kim Gae-ko. Kim is intent on capturing Kang, and faced with no other choice, Cheon-soo agrees to work as a spy on his behalf. His situation becomes further complicated when he falls for Yu-ri, a jazz singer under Kang\'s charge and the daughter of Kang\'s best friend. But Yu-ri suspects Kang of killing her father, and she and Cheon-soo plot to take the drug money for themselves.'] ['Mike Locken  and George Hansen  are best friends and private contractors for a private intelligence agency, Communications Integrity or ComTeg, which handles covert assignments for the CIA. At the beginning of the film, Locken and Hansen are helping an East European defector, Vorodny  escape. After delivering the defector to other ComTeg operatives, Locken and Hansen throw a wild party to relax. The next day, they go to a ComTeg safehouse to relieve other agents who have been guarding Vorodny, the defector they previously helped escape. Hansen, having been bought out by an unknown rival group, assassinates Vorodny, and then critically wounds Locken in the knee and elbow, telling Locken that he\'s, "just been retired." Told that he\'ll be a cripple for life and that his career is apparently at an end, Locken undergoes a long period of rehabilitation when he is subsequently approached with another assignment from his Com-Teg contact man, Cap Collis. It requires him to protect an Asian client, Yuen Chung. It also gives him the opportunity to seek revenge against Hansen, who is part of the team out to assassinate the client. Locken, having become well versed in the martial arts using his cane during his rehabilitation, recruits a couple of former ComTeg associates, Mac , a wheelman and a former friend of Locken\'s and Miller , a weapons expert, to help him. However, the deal turns out to be an elaborate set-up, part of an internal power struggle between rival Com-Teg directors, the aforementioned Cap Collis and his superior, Lawrence Weybourne . In a subsequent assassination attempt on Chung, Hansen gets the drop on Locken, but is shot and killed by Miller. Locken rebukes Miller for killing Hansen as he felt cheated of his revenge. He later forgives him. A final showdown between the Asian rivals takes place aboard a naval vessel on the Reserve Fleet in Suisun Bay, California with Locken and Mac involved in the fray and confronting Collis one last time. <ref nameHgTuubaRD1Y Final scene on YouTube]'] ['Lorna Cole is pregnant with LAPD sergeant Martin Riggs\' baby; they are not married, but both are thinking about it. Police sergeant Roger Murtaugh\'s daughter Rianne is also pregnant, and Riggs later learns from Lorna that Rianne has secretly married Lee Butters , a young detective who works at the same precinct as Murtaugh and Riggs – secretly because Roger had made it clear that his daughter should not marry a police officer. Riggs, Murtaugh, and Butters – with some assistance from Leo Getz , who is now a private detective – investigate a Chinese immigrant smuggling ring after they come across a vessel with a cargo hold of Chinese slave laborers; in the course of these events Murtaugh\'s boat is sunk. Murtaugh finds a dinghy alongside with a Chinese family whom he provides shelter for at his house, claiming to be "freeing slaves." Information about a crime boss named Benny Chan , a.k.a. "Uncle Benny," leads them to Chinatown, where they are introduced to a high-ranking Triad negotiator named Wah Sing Ku . Benny forces the three cops out of the restaurant without providing information on what his and the Triads\' plans are. Outside, the cops encounter the captain of the ship and chase him and another suspect. The other suspect turns out to be a restaurant waiter and is freed. Ku later kills the captain for letting the cops know about their secret plans. Riggs and Murtaugh hire Leo to follow Benny around, but after Hong, the father of the Chinese family Murtaugh rescued, contacts his uncle, they come home to find Ku and his men holding Lorna and Murtaugh\'s family hostage and that Hong and his family are taken away. After a brief fight, the house is set on fire with everyone tied up inside. Ping, one of the Hong children, however, frees them, having eluded captivity. Murtaugh and Riggs chase down two of the triad members down a freeway, but both men are killed in collision with traffic without giving any information on the Hongs\' whereabouts. Ku and the other men visit a Chinese-based holding cell being run by a corrupt Chinese general, who is holding four Triad overlords known as the "Four Fathers," one of whom is Ku\'s brother, and demanding a huge payoff from the Triads for their release. After Riggs and Murtaugh return to Murtaugh\'s home, Leo informs them and Butters that Benny is seeing his dentist, and using Leo to distract the dentist, the three cops use nitrous oxide to extract information from Benny. Riggs inadvertently reveals that Butters is Rianne\'s husband and the father of her baby. Because they had accidentally exposed themselves to the laughing gas as well, they misunderstood the information Benny provided them, which initially leads to some complications in their investigation. Ku brings the Hongs to the Triads\' hideout, where it is revealed that the Triads plan to give the corrupt general counterfeit Chinese money for the Four Fathers\' release. The captive artist working on the printing plates is the elder uncle to Hong and agreed to do the job in exchange for his family\'s safe passage to the United States. Ku kills Hong in order to secure his uncle\'s cooperation. With the printing plates completed, he and Benny are also killed for exposing the operation and to protect the forgery. Detective Ng, who is familiar with Chinese society, corrects Murtaugh and the other officers on the information Benny provided earlier and explains why the Triads torched Murtaugh\'s home. After Riggs picks up Ping and Lorna, the officers locate the hideout, but find only the dead and some of the counterfeit Chinese money inside. Ng once again helps them piece the entire operation together. At the meeting between Ku and the corrupt general, Riggs, Murtaugh, Butters and other detectives expose the counterfeit money; as a result the general kills three of the Four Fathers. Ku\'s henchmen kill the general, and a firefight breaks out between the cops, the Triads and the general\'s private army. Butters is shot in the back while protecting Murtaugh and Murtaugh kills Ku\'s brother while aiming for Ku. In revenge, Ku tries to kill Riggs and Murtaugh on a pier. Murtaugh is knocked out after impaling Ku on a piece of rebar while Riggs and Ku fall into the water when the pier collapses. Riggs struggles with Ku underwater and shoots him to death with an AK-47, but a slab of concrete from the pier falls and pins Riggs underwater until Murtaugh wakes up, jumps in, and saves him. Riggs visits his dead wife\'s grave and asks her for advice about his impending marriage with Lorna, about which he still has doubts. He is interrupted by the arrival of Leo, who tells a story from his childhood that makes Riggs see the idea of remarrying in a new light. Riggs\' pager goes off, indicating that Lorna is giving birth, and the two rush to the hospital. Riggs and Lorna are ceremonially married by a rabbi just before their and Rianne\'s babies are born, Murtaugh accepts Butters as his son-in-law, Riggs and Murtaugh are given their rank of Sergeant back and Hong\'s family is granted asylum.'] ['Harry Tasker  leads a double life, performing covert missions for the United States government under a counter-terrorism task force called "The Omega Sector". Albert "Gib" Gibson  and Faisil  assist him in these missions under the command of Spencer Trilby . However, Harry\'s wife, Helen , and his daughter, Dana , believe he is a boring computer salesman with Tektel Systems  doing a lot of "corporate" travel. Harry\'s latest mission in Switzerland reveals the existence of an Islamic terrorist organization group known as the Crimson Jihad, led by Salim Abu Aziz . Harry suspects that antiques dealer Juno Skinner  has ties to Aziz. After visiting her, Harry is chased by Aziz\'s men through the Georgetown Park shopping mall and a large hotel, meanwhile missing the birthday party that his wife and daughter have arranged for him. When Harry goes to Helen\'s office the next day to surprise her and take her to lunch, he overhears a conversation with her coworker about "Simon" , a man she is seeing, causing Harry to worry about their marriage. Using the Omega Sector\'s resources , he tracks down Simon, who turns out to be a used car salesman posing as a spy to seduce Helen. Helen is kidnapped by Harry\'s agency from Simon\'s trailer and left in a bare concrete interrogation room with a one way mirror. Harry questions her using a voice distorter about her relationship with "Simon" and about their marriage. She says that she wanted to have adventure in her life for once since Harry never gave her that. Harry realizes his cover as a boring salesman was too convincing. He decides to spice up Helen\'s life to make her happy by giving her a choice: go on a "mission" or be sent to prison. She chooses the mission: to pose as a prostitute and plant a bug on the phone of an arms dealer. Before she has a chance to plant the bug, Harry  insists that she dances for him. The sham is interrupted by Aziz\'s men who burst into the room, taking both of them hostage, and subsequently flying them to the terrorist hideout somewhere in the Florida Keys. Aziz reveals he possesses small nuclear warheads hidden inside antique statues shipped by Juno and plans to detonate one to demonstrate his power to the United States. Harry reveals his secret double life, much to Helen\'s shock, when the terrorists threaten Helen\'s life. Harry then escapes, frees Helen and attacks the camp, trying to stop the planned detonation. While fighting Aziz\'s troops, Harry appears to die in an explosion. Helen is recaptured and is taken by Aziz, Juno, and the terrorists as they escape the island before a nuclear warhead is set to detonate and wipe out their camp and any evidence. Gib locates and rescues Harry using the GPS device in Helen\'s purse. Two U.S. Marine AV-8B Harrier jets are brought in to attack Aziz\'s convoy as they travel the Overseas Highway and Harry is able to rescue Helen just as the limo she was in falls off the bridge which was destroyed by the Harriers killing Juno, but Aziz evades capture. Harry soon learns that Aziz has kidnapped their daughter, Dana, and with the remaining terrorists has taken over the top floor of an under-construction office building in downtown Miami. Harry commandeers a Harrier to rescue his daughter and stop them from detonating the remaining nuclear warhead. Dana steals the arming key—and pursued by Aziz—climbs up onto a crane at the top of the building. Harry eliminates a few of the terrorists with the Harrier\'s machine guns while the rest decide to escape by helicopter. Harry sees Dana climbing the rigging and persuades her into jumping onto the Harrier. Aziz follows Dana and attacks Harry while he tries to pull his daughter to safety. Aziz falls off the jet, but gets his backpack caught on an AIM-9 Sidewinder missile which Harry shoots at the terrorists\' hovering helicopter, with Aziz still attached, killing them all. A year later, the Tasker family is having dinner together. A phone call reveals that Helen now also works for Omega Sector. Harry and Helen then embark on a new mission together, where they meet "Simon" again.'] ['In 1967, Motaba, a fictional deadly viral hemorrhagic fever, is discovered in a mercenary camp in Zaire and kept top secret. Two soldiers order the camp bombed to cover up the discovery. Twenty eight years later, in 1995, the virus resurfaces in Zaire. Colonel Sam Daniels , a USAMRIID virologist, is sent to investigate. He and his crew, Major Casey Schuler , and new recruit Major Salt  gain information about the virus and return to the United States, where Daniels asks his superior, Brigadier General Billy Ford , to put out an alert. Ford, who knows the virus is not new, tells Sam it is unlikely to show up. Meanwhile, one of the host animals, a white-headed capuchin monkey, is illegally brought to the United States. James "Jimbo" Scott , an employee at the Biotest animal holding facility, steals the monkey and takes it to Cedar Creek, California, to sell on the black market. During the trip, Jimbo is infected with the virus. Jimbo unsuccessfully tries to sell the monkey to a pet store owner - who also becomes infected - before releasing the monkey into the woods. Jimbo starts to show signs of infection while flying to Boston, where he gets off the plane and kisses his girlfriend, infecting her. They are both hospitalized. A CDC scientist and Daniels\' ex-wife, Robby Keough , investigates the infections. Jimbo, his girlfriend, and the pet store owner die from the virus but Robby establishes that no one else in Boston was infected. Meanwhile, the technicians at a Cedar Creek hospital run tests on the pet store owner\'s blood. A technician accidentally breaks a vial, splattering the contents, infecting and killing him. The virus mutates into a new strain, capable of spreading like flu, and numerous Cedar Creek citizens are exposed to Motaba. Daniels learns of the infection and flies to Cedar Creek, against Ford\'s orders, joining Robby\'s team. Whilst Daniels and his team begin a search for the host animal, a state of martial law is declared in Cedar Creek, and the U.S. Army has quarantined the town to contain the outbreak. A mystery serum, E-1101, is introduced to those suffering from Motaba. Daniels soon realizes the serum is not experimental, but was designed to cure Motaba, and that Ford knew about the virus beforehand. However, the serum does not help the residents of Cedar Creek, who are infected by a mutated strain. Daniels confronts Ford who admits he withheld information on the virus due to national security and Motaba\'s potential to be turned into a biological weapon. Daniels learns from Ford of Operation Clean Sweep, a plan by the military to bomb the town of Cedar Creek, with approval from the President of the United States. Major General Donald "Donnie" McClintock , who was Ford\'s partner at the African camp in 1967 and was responsible for its destruction, plans to use the bombing to cover up the virus\'s existence to advance his weapon objective. To prevent Daniels from finding a cure, McClintock has him arrested by implicating Daniels as a carrier of the virus. This leads Daniels and Salt to search for the host animal to save the town. Flying a helicopter to the ship that carried the host animal, Daniels obtains a picture of the monkey and broadcasts it on the news, which a viewer realizes her daughter is playing with in their backyard. She calls the station, and the two men arrive at the family\'s house. The daughter coaxes out the monkey, Betsy, which Salt tranquilizes. Learning from Daniels that the host animal is captured, Ford delays the bombing. Flying back, Daniels and Salt are confronted by McClintock, who also came by helicopter. Daniels has Salt fire two rockets into the trees to trick McClintock into thinking they crashed. Returning to Cedar Creek, Salt mixes Betsy\'s antibodies with the E-1101 to create an anti-serum in time to save Robby but not Casey. Daniels discovers Operation Clean Sweep is in progress and becomes aware that McClintock will not call off the bombing. He and Salt take it upon themselves to fly in the way of the bomber to stop it. With support from Ford, Daniels is able to stay in the way of the plane long enough to convince the pilots that information was withheld from them. The pilot detonates the bomb over water instead of the town. Ford, having had enough of McClintock\'s single-minded obsession, relieves McClintock of command and places him under arrest for withholding information from the President. McClintock promises to take Ford down with him, but Ford refuses. Sam and Robby make up, and the remaining residents of the town are successfully cured.'] ['The main character is Goose . Goose is leader of "The Ravens", a street gang located in Dayton, Ohio. The Ravens have an ongoing feud with "The Spiders", led by the sadistic goon Danny . Goose loves the criminal life, but when his girlfriend Christie  threatens to leave him, he quits the Ravens. First, he goes on one last drug deal, to get money to fund a new life with Christie. While he is gone, two Spiders break into Goose\'s apartment, killing Christie in the process. When Goose finds her body, he feeds her corpse to a trash compactor and then moves in with his Vietnam Veteran junkie father.'] ['An elite group of narcotics cops quit from the L.A.P.D. after facing investigation for being over-zealous in their war against drugs. It is immediately apparent that some of their superiors are involved in the drug ring. The four suspended cops  band together to fight the drug ring undercover. They gain capital for weapons by ripping off minor drug dealers. Then well-armed they go after the kingpin.'] ["The film follows three characters, a hit-man, a mobster and a corrupt detective who confront each other when events come to a head for them. Hit-man Lee Choe decides to retire to live a normal life. After refusing an order from mobster John Lowe, Lowe has Lee's girlfriend killed. In order to seek vengeance, Lee goes on a mission to kill Lowe, who turns to corrupt detective Craig Barnes to frame him. At the same time, Barnes, who's being investigated by internal affairs, has to deal with his unhappy, alcoholic wife Katie."] ['Having come home after half of his squadron was killed during the Vietnam War, Sergeant Jack Stryker , given an honorable discharge due to his injuries, attempts to get his life back together. Finding himself reunited with an old girlfriend, Sally  and his war buddies, he feels he may have successfully re-established his life. However, this happiness is quickly cut short when a murderous cult led by an enigmatic but unnamed Charles Manson-like figure, portrayed by director and writer Sam Raimi, comes into town to continue their rampage. After Sally is tortured and Stryker and his compatriots find the cult torturing police officers near his house, they arm themselves up and decide to, as the trailer puts it, "break the laws of both God  and man" and fight back. What follows is a war between the two groups, ending in numerous deaths, including the cult leader\'s; the exchange between Raimi and Schulz is as follows: Cult Leader: "I am Jesus Christ!" Stryker: "No, you\'re not &mdash; You\'re dead." Upon which Stryker shoots Raimi&#39;s character in the chest, and he careens into a river, eventually being impaled on a motorcycle, and their brutal war is ended.'] ['After MI6 agent James Bond, 007 fails a routine training exercise, his superior, M, orders Bond to enrol in a health clinic in London to get back into shape. While there, Bond witnesses a mysterious nurse named Fatima Blush giving a sadomasochistic beating to a patient in a nearby room. The man\'s face is bandaged and after Fatima finishes her beating, Bond sees the patient using a machine which scans his eye. Bond is seen by Blush and an attempt is subsequently made to kill him in the clinic gym: however Bond manages to defeat the assassin. Blush and her charge, a United States Air Force pilot named Jack Petachi, are operatives of SPECTRE, a criminal organisation run by Ernst Stavro Blofeld. Petachi has undergone an operation on his right eye to make it match the retinal pattern of the US President, which he uses to circumvent security at an American military base in England. While doing so, he replaces the dummy warheads in two cruise missiles with live nuclear warheads; SPECTRE then obtains the warheads to extort billions of dollars from NATO governments. Blush subsequently murders Petachi. Under orders from the Prime Minister, M reluctantly reactivates the double-0 section and Bond is assigned the task of tracking down the missing weapons. Before leaving, he is outfitted with several gadgets by Q Branch, including a fountain pen that shoots an explosive dart. He meets Domino Petachi, the pilot\'s sister, and her wealthy lover, Maximillian Largo, another SPECTRE agent. Bond follows Largo and his yacht to the Bahamas, where he spars with Fatima Blush and Largo. Bond is informed by Nigel Small-Fawcett of the British Consulate that Largo\'s yacht is now heading for Nice, France. There, Bond joins forces with his CIA counterpart, Felix Leiter. Bond goes to a beauty salon where he poses as an employee and, whilst giving Domino a massage, is informed by her that Largo is hosting an event at a casino that evening. At the charity event, Largo and Bond play a 3-D video game called Domination, which Bond ultimately wins; Bond then informs Domino of her brother\'s death. Bond returns to his villa to find Nicole, his French contact, dead, having been killed by Blush. After a vehicle chase on his motorbike, Blush captures Bond. Forced to write his memoirs putting her as his "Number One" sexual partner, Bond uses his MI6-issue fountain pen to shoot Blush. Bond and Felix then attempt to board Largo\'s motor yacht, the Flying Saucer, in search of the missing nuclear warheads. Bond becomes trapped and is taken, with Domino, to Palmyra, Largo\'s base of operations in North Africa. Largo punishes Domino for betraying him by auctioning her off to some passing Arabs. Bond subsequently escapes and rescues Domino. After her rescue, Domino and Bond reunite with Felix on a US Navy submarine and track Largo to a location known as The Tears of Allah, below a desert oasis. Bond and Leiter infiltrate the underground facility and a gun battle erupts between Felix\'s team and Largo\'s men in the temple. In the confusion Largo makes a getaway with one of the warheads. Bond catches and fights Largo underwater. Just as Largo tries to detonate the last bomb, he is killed by Domino, taking revenge for her brother\'s death. Bond then returns to the Bahamas with Domino.'] ['Ethan Hunt  has retired from active field work for the Impossible Missions Force  and instead trains new recruits while settling down with his fiancée Julia Meade , a nurse at a local hospital who is unaware of Ethan\'s past. Ethan is approached by fellow IMF agent John Musgrave  about a mission for him: rescue one of Ethan\'s protégés, Lindsey Farris , who was captured while investigating arms dealer Owen Davian . Musgrave has already prepared a team for Ethan, consisting of Declan Gormley , Zhen Lei , and his old partner Luther Stickell , in Berlin, Germany. The team raids the warehouse where Lindsey is kept and collects two computer laptops during their escape. As they flee on a helicopter, Ethan discovers a micro-explosive implanted in Lindsey\'s head. Before Ethan can use a defibrillator to disable the device, it kills her. Ethan and Musgrave are reprimanded by IMF director Theodore Brassel . Ethan learns that Lindsey mailed him a postcard before her capture, and discovers a magnetic microdot under the stamp. IMF technician Benji Dunn  recovers enough from the damaged laptops to determine that Davian will be in Vatican City to obtain a mysterious object called the "Rabbit\'s Foot". Ethan plans the mission to capture Davian without seeking Brassel\'s or Musgrave\'s approval. Before leaving, he and Julia have an impromptu wedding at the hospital\'s chapel. The team successfully infiltrates Vatican City and captures Davian. On the flight back to the United States, Davian threatens to kill Ethan and his loved ones. Ethan then threatens to drop Davian out of the plane . After landing, Ethan learns that the microdot contains a video of Lindsey warning that she believes Brassel is working with Davian. Then the convoy taking Davian across the Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel is suddenly attacked, and Davian escapes. Ethan worries for Julia\'s safety and races to the hospital, arriving to find that she already has been taken. Davian calls Ethan to give him 48 hours to recover the Rabbit\'s Foot for Julia\'s life, but then Ethan is captured by IMF for his rogue actions. Musgrave takes part in Ethan\'s interrogation, but discreetly mouths instructions for Ethan to lip-read about Shanghai, China where the Rabbit\'s Foot is located, and provides him with the means to escape IMF. Ethan and his team raid the building where the Rabbit\'s Foot is secured, and inform Davian that they have the Rabbit\'s Foot. Ethan goes to deliver the Rabbit\'s Foot alone, and is forced to take a tranquilizer. While sedated, a micro-explosive is implanted in his head. Ethan awakens to find Davian apparently holding Julia at gunpoint. Despite Ethan asserting that he brought the real Rabbit\'s Foot, Davian apparently kills Julia and leaves. Musgrave then arrives and explains to Ethan that the woman killed by Davian was not the real Julia, but Davian\'s head of security  in a mask — the execution carried out for failing to protect Davian in Vatican City, and the mask was used in order to force Ethan to confirm the authenticity of the Rabbit\'s Foot — and that the real Julia is alive. Musgrave reveals himself as the mole, having arranged for Davian to acquire the Rabbit\'s Foot to sell to terrorist groups, after which IMF would have reason to launch a preemptive strike. Musgrave then asks Ethan about the microdot Lindsey sent. Musgrave dials his phone for Ethan to hear Julia\'s voice. Ethan then bites on Musgrave\'s hand and knocks him unconscious, ultimately freeing himself and stealing Musgrave\'s phone, using it to track down the location of Musgrave\'s last call. Ethan finds Davian there and pushes him into the path of a truck, but not before Davian triggers the micro-explosive. Freeing Julia, he instructs her to electrocute him in order to deactivate the explosive, and then revive him. He also instructs her in using a gun for her protection. While attempting to revive Ethan, Julia shoots and kills Musgrave. Julia successfully revives Ethan, and he explains his true IMF career to her as they leave. Brassel congratulates Ethan as he leaves for his honeymoon with Julia. Ethan is unsure if he will return to the IMF. Brassel promises that he will tell Ethan what the Rabbit\'s Foot is if Ethan will promise to return. Ethan smiles and walks off with Julia.'] ['Johnny Utah  is a rookie FBI Agent and former Ohio State quarterback. He and his veteran partner, Angelo Pappas , are investigating a string of bank robberies by a gang known as the "Ex-Presidents" . Pursuing Angelo\'s theory that the criminals are surfers, Johnny goes undercover to infiltrate the surfing community. Knowing nothing of the sport/lifestyle, he persuades orphan surfer girl Tyler Endicott  to teach him to surf. In the process, Johnny develops a complex friendship with Bodhi , the charismatic leader of a gang of surfers, Roach , Grommet  and Nathaniel , who accept Johnny when they realize he is a former college football star. As he masters the art of surfing, Johnny finds himself increasingly drawn to the surfers\' adrenaline-charged lifestyle, Bodhi\'s philosophies, and Tyler. Following a clue retrieved by analyzing toxins found in the hair of one of the bank robbers, Johnny and Angelo lead an FBI raid on another gang of surfers. While criminals, this group are not the "Ex-Presidents" and the raid inadvertently ruins a DEA undercover operation. Watching Bodhi\'s group surfing, Johnny suspects they are the "Ex-Presidents," noting how close a group they are and the way one of them moons everyone in the same manner one of the robbers does when leaving a bank. He tails Bodhi and his suspicions are confirmed when he sees Bodhi and Roach casing a bank. Johnny and Angelo stake out the bank and the "Ex-Presidents" appear. Bodhi  leads Johnny in a furious foot chase through the neighborhood, culminating in Johnny jumping into an aqueduct and causing an old football injury in his knee to flare up again. Despite having a clear shot at Bodhi , Johnny cannot bring himself to shoot and Bodhi escapes. Bodhi aggressively recruits Johnny into going skydiving with him and his friends. Johnny, still without proof of Bodhi\'s bank robbing, goes along. After the jump, Bodhi reveals that he knows Johnny is an FBI agent and has arranged for his friend Rosie , a non-surfing thug, to hold Tyler hostage. Johnny is forced to go with the "Ex-Presidents" in their last bank robbery of the summer. The robbery goes wrong as Grommet, along with an off-duty police officer and a security guard who try to stop the robbery, are killed. Angered by Grommet\'s death, Bodhi knocks Johnny out and leaves him at the scene. Defying their boss, Angelo and Johnny go to the airport where Bodhi, Roach, and Nathaniel are about to leave for Mexico . In a shootout, Angelo and Nathaniel are killed, while Roach is seriously wounded. With Roach aboard, Bodhi forces Johnny onto the plane at gunpoint. Once airborne and over their intended jump point, Bodhi and Roach put on parachutes and jump from the plane, leaving Johnny to take the blame again. With no other parachutes available, Johnny jumps from the plane with Bodhi\'s gun, managing to intercept him before he lands, but Bodhi forces him to drop the gun so he can open their parachute and land safely. Upon impact, Johnny\'s knee gives out, allowing Bodhi to escape Johnny\'s grasp. Bodhi meets with Rosie and releases Tyler. Roach dies of his wounds and Bodhi and Rosie leave with the money. Nine months later, Johnny tracks down Bodhi at Bells Beach in Victoria, Australia, where a record storm is producing lethal waves. This is an event Bodhi had talked about experiencing, calling it the "50 Year Storm". After a brutal fight in the surf, Johnny manages to handcuff himself and Bodhi together. Bodhi begs Johnny to release him so he can ride the once-in-a-lifetime wave. Knowing he will not come back alive, Johnny releases him and watches, with the authorities, as Bodhi goes to his death. Johnny walks away, throwing his FBI badge into the ocean.'] ["{{plot}} In 2010 social problems such as violence, drugs and organized crime have overrun the poorer suburbs of Paris and especially Banlieue 13, commonly referred to as B13, a ghetto with a population of some two million. Unable to control B13 the authorities construct a high wall topped by barbed tape around the entire area forcing the inhabitants within to survive without education, proper utilities or police protection behind the containment wall. Police checkpoints stop anybody going in or out. Three years later an almost feudal system has developed amongst the street gangs of B13. The area is now flooded with hard drugs such as heroin and completely controlled by gangsters. Certain blocks are ruled over by various individuals and one high rise apartment block is looked after by an athletic and street-wise man known as Leïto . Leïto hates drugs and injustice and wages a one-man war against a neighboring gang lord named Taha Bemamud  to keep his own building and people safe and free of drugs. Leïto captures 20&nbsp;kg of cocaine from Taha, worth over a million euro, which incites Taha to send his thugs to recover the merchandise, led by the towering K2 . Leïto destroys the cocaine by using bleach and uses parkour to evade Taha's thugs through the building and across rooftops. Taha kidnaps Leïto's younger sister Lola  to use against him, but Leïto manages to invade Taha's base, rescue his sister, and kidnap Taha in turn. Leïto takes Taha to the police office at the edge of the district perimeter, but the police are in the process of abandoning their position on orders from the French Ministry, and are also threefold outnumbered by Taha's gang. The police release Taha and allow him to take Lola with him to avoid a confrontation. In addition, they put Leïto in a cell also to contain the situation, but Leïto kills the police chief in the process for handing over Lola. Six months later, outside of B13 in the affluent areas of Paris, an undercover police captain named Damien Tomaso  infiltrates an underground casino and attempts to arrest Carlos Montoya, the gangster who owns it. His extraction procedure fails, however, forcing him to fight his way through an army of thugs to escape the casino. Upon the mission's completion, Damien immediately receives another assignment from his chief and also the Defence Secretary of France, Mr Krüger. He is told that Taha has stolen an experimental neutron bomb that is set to detonate in 24 hours. His mission is to convince Leïto, imprisoned for months, to lead him to Taha's base so that he can disarm the bomb. Damien attempts to pass himself off as a fellow prisoner and helps Leïto escape to B13, but Leïto sees through Damien's act and abandons him. After fighting off some of the local thugs, Damien locates Leïto and admits the truth. They team up to disarm the bomb and rescue Lola. The pair surrenders to Taha in order to gain access to his base. There, they discover that Taha has rigged the warhead to a missile launcher, pointed towards the center of Paris and is prepared to blackmail the government with it. Taha demands a high ransom, which is refused by Damien's government contact. The pair escape, and while Taha's thugs pursue them, he discovers that the government has emptied all of his offshore accounts in the Bahamas and elsewhere. One of Taha's men asks how Taha will pay them. Frustrated, Taha tries to shoot the member who asked him that only to discover that his gun is empty. Taha offers money from a safe he possesses but knowing that with Tahas accounts emptied, there is no reason to endure his ruthlessness any longer, the thugs shoot and kill Taha. This leaves K2, a more sympathetic leader, in charge and K2 has a moment of reconciliation with Leïto, suggesting that peace is possible in the future within B13. Leïto and Damien fight their way to the tower building holding Lola and the bomb. They are confronted by their final obstacle: Yeti, a substantial henchman left by Taha to block their access to the bomb. Damien underestimates Yeti and tries attacking him, but is gradually overpowered. Leito helps out Damien and gains the upper hand with the henchman by tying him up with an electricity cord. Damien then picks up a brick and smashes it on Yeti's head, knocking him out. Having defeated Yeti, Damien calls his contact to receive the deactivation code, 9293709B13. Leïto recognizes the code as a reference to the bomb's location , the day's date , and the district, B13. Leïto deduces that the government has set them up and the code will actually detonate the bomb instead of deactivating it. He fights Damien to prevent him, who chose to believe in the government over Leito, from entering the code. The timer runs out and the bomb does not detonate, proving Leïto's theory. The pair return to the government building with the bomb and use it to force Mr Krüger admit that he had planned to blow up B13 as a means to get rid of it. The confession is then revealed to have been filmed and is immediately broadcast by pirate television transmission across all channels. The pair's actions cause a major scandal that sparks public support for B13. Soon the rest of the government promises to tear down the containment wall and bring back schools and police to B13. Leïto and Damien depart as friends, and Lola kisses Damien to encourage him to visit B13 in the future."] ['{{copyedit}} A demonstration by nuclear weapons protesters  in London, England is interrupted when one of the protesters is violently killed. British security forces learn that a militant group attached to the CND plans a significant act of terrorism. The person killed during the protest demonstration was planted by the terrorists. The Commanding Officer of the Special Air Service, Colonel Hadley, prescribes a line of inquiry for the investigation. At the SAS\'s headquarters in Stirling Lines, two foreign officers arrive to train with the SAS. Captain Hagen is a member of the U.S. Army Rangers and Captain Freund is a member of GSG9. They are taken to the Close Quarter Battle house and witness an SAS room entry assault first hand. Colonel Hadley introduces them to the SAS man playing the "hostage", Captain Peter Skellen, and informs them they\'ll be with Skellen\'s troop, consisting of Baker, Dennis and Williamson. During an exercise in Brecon Beacons, Hadley and Major Steele discover Skellen\'s troop torturing Hagen and Freund. Skellen is dismissed from the Regiment. The torture along with Skellen\'s dismissal are a ruse to repaint Skellen as a disgraced former SAS operative, and Hagen and Freund are innocent victims in the scheme. Skellen meets with his intelligence contact, Ryan, who informs Skellen that he should meet Frankie Leith and Rod Walker. Leith and Walker run The People\'s Lobby, the militant group believed to be planning the act of terrorism. Skellen tells his wife Jenny that he\'ll be going away for a while on a mission. Skellen then visits a bar frequented by members of The People\'s Lobby and begins a conversation with Leith. Skellen initiates a romantic relationship with her, to the annoyance of Walker and his cohorts Helga and Mac. Leith takes Skellen to the organization\'s offices and introduces him to the group. Leith appreciates Skellen\'s SAS background, and offers him a job as security consultant to the PL; she also allows him to move in with her. To strengthen his cover story, Hadley informs Hagen and Freund of Skellen\'s location. The wronged men attack Skellen at Leith\'s home and inflict a severe beating; as a result Leith\'s few remaining doubts about Skellen vapourise, but Walker and his cronies still are not fully convinced. Helga observes Skellen meeting the same unknown individual  in various locations. Their scrutiny intensifies even more when Walker and his associates witness Skellen meeting with his wife and daughter. They use photos from their surveillance to convince Leith that Skellen is not all he seems. Walker orders Helga to kill Ryan, cutting Skellen\'s link to Hadley. Hadley has no choice but to trust Skellen\'s abilities to uncover the group\'s plans and escape alive. He orders police protection for Skellen\'s family. Despite his official advisory capacity, Skellen is denied details about the upcoming operation. On the day of the operation, Leith and Walker instruct Helga and Mac to take Skellen\'s family hostage. Leith uses this to blackmail Skellen into unconditional co-operation. The terrorists and Skellen arrive at the U.S. Embassy in a hijacked coach. Wearing stolen U.S. Air Force uniforms, they gain entry to the secure compound and take the U.S. Ambassador, U.S. Secretary of State, U.S. Chief of Staff, British Foreign Secretary, along with their wives and the embassy staff, all hostage. Hadley and his police counterpart, Commander Powell, arrive at the Embassy to receive the demands of the terrorists: Unless a U.S. Nuclear Missile is launched at Holy Loch Naval Base, all the hostages will be killed. Meanwhile, Dennis and Neil arrive at Skellen\'s home with two fellow SAS troopers. They set up in the attached house next door, using sensing devices to covertly observe Helga, Mac and their captives through the wall. Currie questions Leith\'s motivations, and Leith responds that her ultimate goal is the disarmament of the whole world. This opens a debate about method and political philosophy that only antagonizes the terrorists. Skellen manages to separate himself from the group by feigning a need for the toilet. He uses a torch to signal Hadley via Morse code, telling him to attack at 10 a.m. while Skellen creates a diversion. Hadley can\'t get permission for an SAS attack because the British Home Secretary insists that Powell resolve the situation through negotiation. As the tension mounts inside the embassy, a mistake by one of the terrorists causes the death of the U.S. Chief of Staff. This allows Powell and Hadley to get the permission for their assault. Frayed nerves cause Helga and Mac to squabble with their charges, allowing the SAS operatives next door the opportunity to burst through the wall and kill both Helga and Mac. As the SAS mount an assault on the embassy, the terrorists panic. Skellen overpowers and kills two terrorists. The SAS, deploying from helicopters, force open doors and enter through windows. As they methodically clear the embassy, Skellen kills more terrorists including Walker. Skellen joins with Baker and his troop to search for Leith, as the other troopers bundle the hostages to safety. When Skellen hesitates to kill Leith on sight, Major Steele kills her before she can kill Skellen. The Ambassador thanks the troopers as they leave the embassy. Skellen and his troop apologise to Hagen and Freund and explain the reason for their actions, and make peace. Skellen departs on one of the helicopters with his colleagues. An on-screen list of notable terrorist incidents appears over the closing credits, accompanied by a rendition of the British Labour Party\'s Red Flag anthem.'] ["World War II is over, and Nazi officials remove Adolf Hitler's living head and hide it in the fictional South American country of Mandoras, so that they can resurrect the Third Reich for the future. It fast forwards into the 1960s, and the surviving officials kidnap a scientist in an attempt to keep Hitler alive. Various intelligence agencies, aware of the evil plot, recruit secret agents to bust the Nazi officials."] ["Ken Li Wen-Kin is a senior member of the Hong Kong Police Force. He has an egocentric and overpowering personality. He is intolerant of mistakes, his underlings and girlfriend, Brenda suffering due to his macho personality. The main action begins when Inspector Li is brought in to investigate a cop who has committed a crime. On interrogation the cop reveals that he remembers nothing since he met a man the night before. The strange circumstances lead Li to Jack Lai who is a master hypnotist and also in jail for manslaughter after taking the rap for a murder his wife committed under duress. Jack clearly knows who is responsible but is also clear that only he can identify the culprit. Li therefore springs Jack from jail and takes him along. Although they fail to catch the criminal, it is clear from the evidence in the apartment that there is a plot to steal two Egyptian diamonds worth millions. Inadvertently hypnotized by Jack, Inspector Li retrieves the diamonds from the safe. Jack takes them and heads off to give them to Ocean, who is holding his wife hostage. Inspector Li is arrested for stealing the diamonds. His colleagues use the situation to settle some old scores. On route to jail, Inspector Li escapes by jumping from the Qing Ma Bridge. His girlfriend, Brenda, still hopelessly in love with him, helps him to evade recapture to pursue Jack and the criminal mastermind Ocean in order to recover the diamonds. Unpredictable and easily upset Ocean finds that Jack has double crossed him, in order to ensure compliance he places Jack's wife and his partner's children inside a vacuum chamber to slowly run out of air. Jack returns to the scene to retrieve the diamonds and runs into Inspector Li. Together with Brenda they go after Ocean. On arrival they split up to search the complex. Jack searches desperately for his wife, finally finding her inside the locked vacuum chamber. Brenda is taken by one of Ocean's men and although Li has Ocean cornered the situation becomes desperate, as he is forced to choose between his girlfriend and taking out Ocean. Finally, Li helps Jack to cause an explosion to wipe out Ocean. They hide in the second vacuum chamber as the oxygen cylinders detonate. Able now to reach his wife, Ching desperately tries to wake her to no avail. Mortally wounded, he lays his head on her lap as he dies. His wife comes to slowly and sees her husband, but is too late. Li finally realizes that there is more to life than work and begins to treat his girlfriend better."] ['A sting operation to capture notorious arms dealer Miles Jackson goes awry when the FBI\'s inside man double crosses them. Miles rendezvouses with his girlfriend Erica Kessen, who has a getaway car. Officer Danny Fisher and his partner, Officer Hank Carver, are dispatched to help the FBI. On their way, they look at Miles\' record and see a surveillance video of him dancing with Erica. At a traffic light, Danny spots Erica. When they pull her over, Miles comes out shooting, wounding Hank. Erica drives off and Danny pursues on foot. He take a shortcut through narrow alleys and a house. He pushes a parked boat into Erica\'s path and she crashes into it. Picking up Miles\' gun, he orders them to freeze. They both run, Erica into the path of an oncoming SUV. She is killed instantly. As backup arrives and Miles is taken away, he swears vengeance on Danny. One year later, Danny gets a phone call from Miles, who has escaped from prison. Danny runs outside the house looking for Miles. Danny\'s car and house explode, throwing him to the ground. After he recovers, Miles says he is launching a game of revenge called "12 Rounds". The house, the car, and Phil, the plumber who came to fix a pipe were "Round 1". Danny runs towards the ferry station, where his girlfriend Molly is. Molly boards the ferry. Miles\' henchman, Anthony Deluso, borrows her cell phone under a false pretext, preventing Danny from getting through. Danny reaches the station too late to stop the ferry. He commandeers a car and speeds towards the other side. On his way, he calls Hank, tells him what has happened, and asks him to call the Department of Transportation and have the ferry stopped. Danny and Hank arrive at the station, but there is no sign of Molly. He tries her cell phone and Miles answers. He has kidnapped Molly as "Round 2". Miles promises that if Danny does all he says and lives through all 12 rounds, he will let Molly go. For "Round 3", Danny and Hank follow a series of clues to locate the cell phone that Miles calls. For Round 4 Danny has to get to New Orleans Savings and Loan where a fire has broken out and he must extract two security deposit boxes within 20 minutes. Hank has a lead on the man who helped kidnap Molly, and volunteers to look into that while Danny continues with the "game". FBI Agents George Aiken and Ray Santiago approach Danny and he agrees to work with them to get Molly back. The Feds tell Danny that Miles used a prison riot as cover to escape, and that this revenge game is a good opportunity to recapture him. At the scene of the fire, Danny runs in with the firefighters, and they find the security boxes. Both have timers set for 7 minutes. Miles calls and says Round 5 has started. One of the boxes is a bomb, while the other contains a clue to the next round. Danny has to get to the Nicholls Street Wharf, and Miles advises him to use a firetruck. Danny hijacks a firetruck and races through the streets. As he reaches the wharf, a bell goes off from inside one of the boxes. Danny throws it into the water, where it explodes. The other box contains a room key for a hotel. The room is raided and found empty, save a couple of Polaroids of a gagged and bound Molly. The Feds look at the security footage and see Miles talking with a man named Willie Dumaine. Danny goes to speak to Willie. Willie shows him to an old elevator they took to the roof. As they ascend, a small charge fixed to the motor goes off, stopping the elevator. Danny tries to get the service phone, but finds a laptop there instead. It plays a video message with Molly and Miles, telling them they have 60 seconds to get off the elevator before it falls. Danny climbs through a service hatch and pulls Willie through. He tells Willie to take his hand as he climbs the shaft wall. However, the bomb on top explodes, sending the elevator and Willie plummeting. The crash pops loose a gas line. For the next round, Danny follows a series of clues to a bus where he finds Molly on board, wearing a bomb underneath her jacket. Sitting nearby is Miles. He pulls out the wire Danny is wearing, but the Feds hear his voice and realize he is on the bus. Aiken orders snipers to take position on the overpass, accepting Molly\'s death as an acceptable loss for stopping Miles. Miles shows Danny that the bomb on Molly\'s chest is connected to a dead man\'s switch and handcuffs Danny to a bar. He gives him an envelope with a phone number as the clue to the next round. Danny spots the snipers and pulls Miles and Molly down, just as they open fire. The bus grinds to a halt. Miles ushers Molly out and escapes. When Danny is freed, he tells the Feds about bomb. Hank shows up, and tells Danny he has located Miles\'s henchman, Anthony Deluso. Santiago approaches and offers his help. Danny calls the number on the envelope. Miles tells him that there are five numbers inside the envelope, four for cell phones wired to bombs in different city locations, one to disarm all four, which are timed to go off in 60 seconds. Danny and Santiago start inputting the numbers as text messages. However, they run out of time so Danny dials one randomly. Miles answers and tells him his call disabled Streetcar 907\'s brakes. Danny and Santiago drive off. After a couple failed attempts to stop the streetcar, they drive towards a nearby power transformer. They jump out as the car slams into the transformer, shutting off electricity for the whole neighborhood. Danny and Santiago then run along the streetcar, clearing people out of the way until it can slow to a halt. In a welding factory, Hank finds Deluso next to an anti-personnel mine planted by Miles. It explodes, killing Hank and Deluso. Danny gets word of this from Aiken. Aiken tells him that he has been obsessed with catching Miles since a Stinger missile which he stole, and Aiken failed to recover, was used to shoot down a passenger plane. Aiken admits he had forgotten that his debt of honor is not about Miles, but about the people he has hurt and those he is going to hurt. Miles calls and says that Molly\'s bomb can now only be disarmed by Danny\'s fingerprint. He tells Danny to pay a visit to Erica. Danny, Santiago, and Aiken get into a car and start for the cemetery. On the way Chuck Jansen, another detective, calls Danny to tell him that all five numbers in the envelope were rigged to the streetcar. Moreover, Miles had cameras monitoring the elevator shaft and set off the bomb five seconds early. Danny realizes Willie\'s death was orchestrated by Miles and not just a chance casualty. Santiago does a check on Willie and finds he had a second job as a Homeland Security guard. They think back to when the gas line came loose in the hotel. They evacuated three city blocks, including the Department of Engraving and Printing – the Mint. Recalling next the streetcar, they realize Miles was leading them to take out the power, and in such cases Homeland Security comes in to move the unprotected cash. Miles\'s grudge against Danny was only a cover for him to use Danny as a pawn in his scheme to steal this money. Aiken tells Santiago to lock down the Mint, while he and Danny go after Molly. As they drive, Danny realizes Miles wanted him to use the firetruck so that he could later steal it, since only emergency vehicles are allowed through. He turns the car around, explaining to Aiken that Round 12 must be a wild-goose chase, since Miles needs Molly, a nurse, to help him escape. Meanwhile, Miles, dressed as a security guard, uses Willie\'s card and a false name to gain entrance to the Mint. There he kills all the guards and dumps 100 million dollars in cash into the sewer. He emerges near the Hotel Monteleone, and uses the firetruck\'s hose to siphon out the water and cash. Using Molly\'s ID card, he reaches a Medevac chopper on a hospital roof, transporting the money inside a bodybag. He tells Molly to pilot the chopper. Danny and Aiken race to the hospital roof as Molly takes off. Miles shoots at them, wounding Aiken. Molly hits him with a fire extinguisher, giving Danny the opportunity to reach the chopper and leap on. He and Miles fight inside, while Molly flies. Danny disarms and defeats Miles, but he activates the touchphone-bomb and throws the switch away, leaving 30 seconds until it blows. Danny and Molly jump out into a terrace pool. Miles is left in the exploding helicopter.'] ['U.N.C.L.E. agents Napoleon Solo,  and Illya Kuryakin  witness the aerial destruction wrought on an African village by Dr. Kharmusi using his newly developed “thermal prism”. U.N.C.L.E. then seeks out notorious safe cracker  Luther Sebastian to help them obtain the device from Dr. Kharmusi. Sebastian is on an island among a religious group called “The Third Way”, a mystical organization with disciples having – except for Sebastian – platinum white hair and all having a belief that when the “Old Man” in their group finally speaks after twenty years of silence The Third Way will have dominion over the world. Wanted in nearly two dozen countries Sebastian agrees to leave the island and help U.N.C.L.E. in return for world-wide immunity from prosecution. Solo makes his way to Dr. Kharmusi’s fortress but is initially delayed by Annie and her friend Aksoy. She feels that Sebastian can help free her fiancé and Aksoy’s brother, both of whom were unjustly imprisoned because of Sebastian. However, Dr. Kharmusi’s wife Azalea betrays her husband, kills Aksoy, abandons Annie, and helps Solo get into the fortress. Unfortunately for Solo, Annie follows him and, claiming to be his wife, gains access herself. Despite the setback Solo locates the safe and informs Kuryakin and Sebastian . Sebastian steals the prism - from a safe he himself designed - while Solo and Azalea are caught and tortured in a room slowly filling with sand. Kuryakin rescues them, but a brief fight results in Kharmusi’s death. His death automatically triggers a self-destruct device in his fortress, so the U.N.C.L.E. group flees the area immediately with the prism. Safely outside the blast radius, Sebastian reveals that he and Azalea  have been working together and the entire course of events has been his plan. They felt they could only steal the device with U.N.C.L.E.’s help and explain that by launching the thermal prism into orbit they can get countries to pay protection money of any amount. Sebastian then traps Solo, Kuryakin, and Annie on a boat placed on a collision course with the extraction ship. Escaping moments before the craft is destroyed by a defensively fired torpedo, the group is picked up and taken back to U.N.C.L.E. HQ in New York. Regrouping, Solo leaves to speak to Sebastian’s wife in Los Angeles. She denies knowing where Sebastian is, but as soon as Solo leaves she phones Sebastian at his launch facility. Sebastian orders Solo killed, but Solo instead kills his white-haired attackers. He adopts white coloring in his hair, takes the place of one of the men he killed, and reports in with other similar men for a briefing where Sebastian says their mission is to steal a U.S. rocket. Solo thereafter distinguishes himself by helping the group steal the rocket from a train. Kuryakin meanwhile follows up on a lead from Solo and investigates a suspicious connection between Sebastian and an abandoned theater in Los Angeles. Followed by Annie and an identical brother of Askoy, Kuryakin discovers that the theater is hosting a status briefing for followers of The Third Way. They are then all captured, but Askoy’s brother is killed by an ejector seat along the highway. Sebastian then remotely triggers a gas release that kills all the white-haired party goers except for Solo, who barely escapes and meets a third identical Askoy brother. Solo returns to Sebastian’s wife and tricks her into contacting Sebastian. Tracing the call, U.N.C.L.E. discovers the local building from which Sebastian’s launch facility is hidden. Askoy’s third brother and Solo infiltrate the building. After a battle in which the Askoy brother dies, Sebastian falls through an open hatch in the rocket and is launched along with it. U.N.C.L.E. reinforcements arrive, the rocket self-destructs, and the “old man” dies without having spoken. Back at U.N.C.L.E. HQ Annie discovers from a fourth identical Askoy brother that her fiancé, though released from prison thanks to U.N.C.L.E., had changed his mind about marriage. Annie and Askoy’s fourth brother thereafter walk out arm in arm.'] ["During an orchestrated drug bust at a marine loading dock, Los Angeles cop Stan Zedkov  injures and kills a criminal narcotics dealer, Peter Wei . Looking to exact revenge for his son's death, Wei's father Terence , hires trained assassin John Lee  to murder Zedkov's adolescent son Stevie . During the assassination attempt, Lee's conscience makes it difficult for him to pull the trigger, as he later decides to abandon the plot. Infuriated, Wei instructs a new pair of replacement killers to finish the job. Wei also directs his other henchmen to kill Lee's mother and sister in China for his act of disobedience. Aware of Wei's new scheme, Lee seeks the help of a skilled professional, Meg Coburn , to create a forged passport. Lee intends to leave the country in order to protect his family who have been moved to a secure location in Shanghai."] ['Brittney Havers , a South Florida schoolgirl, lives with her wealthy stepfather, Niles Dunlap , after her mother ran her car off the road in "Gator Alley" and was presumably eaten by alligators a year earlier. When Dunlap is killed in a private plane crash, his will calls for Brittney to receive a small stipend until she finishes school, after which she will receive only $25,000 a year from the estate. The rest of Dunlap\'s assets, totaling $70 million, are to be left to a corporate trust, unless a blood heir can be found. Brittney\'s brash, relatively poor classmate Maya  suddenly claims to be Dunlap\'s illegitimate daughter as the result of her mother\'s extramarital affair. She is ordered by the judge to submit to a DNA test, the result of which proves she is Dunlap\'s child. At the Dunlap home, Brittney hears a noise on her way to the wine cellar but it turns out to just be rats. Suddenly Maya appears and the girls reveal they are lovers before being joined by Dr. Julian Haynes , who had arranged the DNA test. The trio are in cahoots, running a scam to secure and share Dunlap\'s fortune. Insurance investigator Terence Bridge , investigating the circumstances of the plane crash, finds out from Dunlap\'s medical records that Dunlap had scarlet fever as a child, one of the side effects of which can be sterility, and asks Dr. Haynes how Dunlap could have fathered a child. Dr. Haynes gets nervous about the plot unraveling and contacts Maya. He agrees to meet her and Brittney that night at the docks, where Maya shoots him. The two girls dispose of his body in Gator Alley. After Bridge learns the entire affair was planned, he shows up at the Dunlap home and demands half the money in return for not going to the police. Brittney, refusing to give up any of the money, gets a gun and points it at Bridge, but instead kills Maya. She tells Bridge that he has to earn his half. He loads Maya\'s body into the trunk of his car and he and Brittney drive off to dispose of it. When they stop at a traffic light, Brittney gets out of the car and walks away as a police car pulls up behind them. Bridge can do nothing but drive away when the traffic light turns green and the police car honks at him to get moving. Brittney phones in an anonymous tip that Bridge\'s car trunk has a girl\'s dead body in it. He is soon arrested and jailed. A videotape from the Dunlap home security system shows Bridge demanding half of the inheritance money from Brittney and Maya. Later, Brittney flies off in a private plane with the very much alive Dunlap, who had faked his own death to escape prosecution for misappropriating millions of dollars of corporate funds to pay his gambling debts, and also to avoid the Cuban gambler to whom he still owed millions. Brittney and Dunlap don parachutes, planning to bail out over swampland and disappear together. As Dunlap is poised to bail out, Brittney reveals that she packed his chute with newspaper and pushes him from the plane to his death. She then bails out, landing safely in the swamp, where her mother , also very much alive, is waiting for her in a swamp boat. It is revealed that Brittney and her mother orchestrated everything, including the deaths of Brittney\'s co-conspirators, in order to steal Dunlap\'s fortune, and they relax in the sun on a tropical island. Brittney comes down the stairs of their villa overlooking the ocean with two drinks and hands one to her mother. As Brittney watches intently, her mother takes a sip and remarks that the drink is strong. Brittney replies "They do make them strong here, don\'t they?" with a wry smile, the implication being that she has poisoned the drink.'] ['10 to Midnight is a drama that mixes elements of police and slasher films. It portrays the homicidal behavior of Warren Stacy ([[Gene Davis , a young office equipment repairman who kills women after they reject his sexual advances. Two Los Angeles police detectives, Leo Kessler  and Paul McAnn , investigate his murders. Stacy avoids prosecution by constructing sound alibis and assaulting his victims while naked, thus minimizing evidence. McAnn refuses to go along when Kessler plants evidence in order to frame the suspect. Stacy goes on another rampage, killing three women who are friends with Kessler\'s daughter. When he is caught, stark naked in the street, Stacy boasts how he will say all the things that will "prove" that he is crazy: he hears voices telling him to do things, etc., so that one day, he will be back on the sreet and Kessler, as well as the "whole f-----g world," will hear from him again. Kessler replies, "No, we won\'t!" He then shoots Stacy once in the forehead, killing him. The film then ends.'] ['The Federal Bureau of Investigation  responds to a brief computer outage at their Cyber-Security Division by tracing down top computer hackers, finding several of them have been killed. Taking others into protective custody, the FBI asks NYPD detective John McClane  to collect Matthew "Matt" Farrell . McClane arrives in time to prevent Farrell from being killed by an assassin, Mai Linh , working for Thomas Gabriel . En route to Washington, D.C. Farrell explains he had written a portion of security code for a large sum of money from Mai. As they arrive in D.C., Gabriel orders his own crew of hackers to take control of the transportation grids and stock market, while nationally broadcasting a message threatening the United States. Farrell recognizes this as the start of a "fire sale", an attack designed to target the nation\'s reliance on computer controls, such that "everything must go". McClane and Farrell are taken by police escorts to the secured FBI headquarters, but Mai, using the hijacked grids, reroutes the convoy into the path of an assault helicopter. McClane is able to take down the helicopter by launching a police car over a damaged toll booth into it. As McClane and Farrell recover, Gabriel initiates a second broadcast, showing a simulated explosion of the U.S. Capitol building, sending the public into panic. Farrell recognizes that the next target of the "fire sale" is likely the power grid, and the two drive to a utility superstation in West Virginia. They find a team led by Mai breaking into the station\'s controls. McClane is able to kill the entire team, including Mai, and obtain video footage of Gabriel, which they relay to FBI headquarters. Enraged over Mai\'s death, Gabriel uses remote control of the station to redirect the natural gas supply into it. McClane and Farrell escape before the station explodes, leaving much of the eastern seaboard without power. Farrell directs McClane to a fellow hacker, Frederick "Warlock" Kaludis , in Baltimore. Warlock, running his computer systems from several generators, identifies the piece of code Farrell wrote as a means to access data at a Social Security Administration building at Woodlawn, Maryland. They realize this building is a front for a National Security Agency facility, designed by Gabriel to download all personal and financial records in case of a cyber-security emergency such as this one generated by Gabriel himself. Warlock is also able to explain Gabriel\'s motivation: a talented hacker, he was once a top expert for the U.S. Defense Department. However, Gabriel was fired and his reputation was tarnished when he tried to sound the alarm about America\'s vulnerability to cyber-warfare. Gabriel detects Warlock\'s hack and speaks with him, Farrell, and McClane, and reveals that he has kidnapped McClane\'s estranged daughter, Lucy . McClane and Farrell race to the Woodlawn facility. As McClane deals with Gabriel\'s men, Farrell discovers that Gabriel is downloading all the information onto a portable computer system, and he is able to encrypt the data after it is completed. Gabriel is forced to take Farrell as they escape the facility. McClane follows, hijacking Gabriel\'s semi and gains Warlock\'s help to trace Gabriel\'s own vehicle. With McClane in pursuit, Gabriel hacks into the military\'s computers to deceive a U.S. Marine F-35B Lightning II pilot into believing that McClane is a terrorist. McClane is able to escape the assault when pieces from the damaged truck fall into the jet intake of the aircraft from a highway exit ramp. McClane makes his way to a nearby warehouse to which Warlock tracked Gabriel. Though McClane dispatches most of Gabriel\'s men, Gabriel\'s last henchman, Emerson, wounds him in the shoulder. When Gabriel holds McClane from behind, McClane manages to make Gabriel fire a gun through McClane\'s wounded shoulder, killing Gabriel. Farrell then kills Emerson with a gun that had fallen to the floor earlier in the confrontation. As the FBI arrives to tend to McClane and Farrell\'s wounds and clean up, McClane is displeased to see Lucy and Farrell taking a romantic interest in each other.'] [" Richard Chance and Jimmy Hart are United States Secret Service agents assigned as counterfeiting investigators in its Los Angeles field office. Chance has a reputation for reckless behavior, while Hart is three days away from retirement. Alone, Hart stakes out a warehouse in the desert thought to be a print house of counterfeiter Rick Masters. When Masters and his bodyguard kill Hart, Chance explains to his new partner, John Vukovich, that he will take Masters down no matter what.  The two agents attempt to get information on Masters by putting one of his criminal associates, attorney Max Waxman, under surveillance. Vukovich falls asleep on watch, and consequently they fail to catch Masters in the act of murdering Waxman. While Vukovich wants to go by the book, Chance becomes increasingly reckless and unethical in his efforts to catch Masters. While Chance relies on his sexual-extortion relationship with parolee/informant Ruth for information, Vukovich meets privately with Masters' attorney, Bob Grimes. Grimes, acknowledging a potential conflict of interest that could ruin his legal practice, agrees to set up a meeting between his client and the two agents, who engage Masters by posing as bankers from Palm Springs interested in Masters' counterfeiting services. Masters is reluctant to work with them, but ultimately agrees to print them $1,000,000 worth of fake bills. In turn, Masters charges $30,000 in front money, which is three times what the agents are legally able to obtain from their office. To get the money, Chance persuades Vukovich to aid him in robbing Thomas Ling, a man whom Ruth previously told Chance is looking to purchase $50,000 worth of stolen diamonds. However, Ling is really an undercover FBI agent. Ling is accidentally shot to death by backup agents, whom Chance and Vukovich lead on a wild chase through the streets and freeways of Los Angeles. After they escape, unidentified, Vukovich is consumed by guilt for his role in the accidental shooting while Chance is apathetic, focused solely on getting Masters. Unable to persuade Chance to come clean about their role in Ling's death, Vukovich meets with Grimes, who advises him to turn himself in and testify against Chance in exchange for a lighter sentence. Vukovich refuses to implicate his partner. At the exchange of the counterfeit million, the agents move to arrest Masters, but his bodyguard pulls a shotgun. The bodyguard and Chance fatally shoot each other and Masters escapes. Vukovich gives chase, following Masters to a warehouse. By the time Vukovich arrives, Masters has set fire to the contents of the place, destroying all evidence of his crimes. Vukovich confronts Masters and during a brief struggle, Masters asks Vukovich why he didn't take Grimes' advice to turn his partner in, revealing that Grimes was working on Masters' behalf all along. Vukovich is knocked unconscious; Masters covers Vukovich with shredded paper and is about to set him on fire when Vukovich recovers and shoots Masters. Masters accidentally sets himself ablaze, while Vukovich empties his gun on the burning man. After Masters' death, Grimes gives his estate to Masters' girlfriend Bianca. Showing little remorse, she rides away in Masters' black Ferrari with another woman. Vukovich visits Chance's informant Ruth as she's packing up to leave L.A. He mentions Chance's death, and guesses she had known Ling was FBI. He knows Chance had left her with the remaining cash that his agency now wants back. Vukovich states that Ruth is working for him now."] ["Mercenary John Seeger  is the best in the business. Seeger and his crew are battling soldiers at the French-controlled Galmoral Island in Southern Africa as they're trying to hold the French Ambassador  and his family hostage while there's a coup going on. John gets steamed when some of his soldiers blow up the Ambassador and his family, blowing the mission and getting his best friend Radio Jones  killed. John heads back to the U.S.A. and goes to the home of Radio's wife Shondra , tells her the news, and then promises her that he'll take care of her and her young son Eddie . Shortly after he makes that vow however, Shondra and Eddie get kidnapped. They were kidnapped by a CIA faction led by CIA dirty deeds man John Dresham  and his boss, CIA Black Ops producer Anthony Chapel , who want to use them to force John into doing a mission for them. Kamal Dasan, the son of prominent gun runner Ahmet Dasan ([[Peter Butler , has been arrested and thrown into the Randveld Prison outside of Cape Town, South Africa, so John must go there and break Kamal out of prison if John wants to see Shondra and Eddie alive again. What they don't tell John is that there's an ulterior motive at work, and that they intend to use John as a patsy in their plan to rip off a highly secured African bank, and they don't care who gets killed in the process. And it turns out that the whole thing on the island was a screw-job engineered by Dresham and Chapel. After John and his crew break Kamal out and stop the robbery at the bank, John sets out to rescue Shondra and Eddie from Dresham and Chapel."] ['Colombian drug lord Ramon Cota , the richest drug kingpin in the world, controls the cocaine industry with an iron fist. His drugs pour steadily into America, corrupting the country\'s youth and causing a feud between the D.E.A and San Carlos, Cota\'s country of origin. The film\'s prologue takes place during Carnaval in Rio De Janeiro, as an undercover task force led by several DEA agents conduct surveillance on a private party that Cota is attending ; however, the surveillance team is ambushed by Cota\'s hitmen . The DEA enlists the support of the U.S. Army\'s Delta Force in order to infiltrate San Carlos instead of sending DEA agents due to the massacre in Rio - like the first film, there is an undercover agent within Cota\'s drug cartel . Colonel Scott McCoy  and his partner, Major Bobby Chavez , bring Cota to court . Unfortunately, their efforts amount to nothing as Cota is easily able to post bail and escape. Unable to contain his rage, Chavez furiously lashes out at Cota in court. Cota decides to strike at Chavez by having Chavez\'s pregnant wife and 13-year-old brother killed. Out on a personal mission of vengeance, Chavez is captured by Cota\'s forces and is tortured and killed. When three DEA agents attempt to go in and bring Cota and his army down, they are taken hostage, and are to be executed. McCoy leads Delta Force in to rescue the hostages. Under the guise of a surveillance mission, the team fly across San Carlos. They then deviate from the agreed flight plan and head south. The chopper then lands and deploys troops to attack and destroy cocaine production facilities in the area. Meanwhile, McCoy sneaks into Cota\'s compound to rescue the DEA hostages and capture Cota. But after releasing the prisoners McCoy is captured by Cota. He is then placed in a chamber that will be filled with toxic gas. But as McCoy starts to die, General Taylor arrives in his heavily-armed gunship. Rockets destroy Cota\'s residence, allowing McCoy to break through the chamber\'s shattered glass. With the help of DEA Agent Page, they place Cota in his own armored limousine and escape. Cota\'s bodyguards pursue the vehicle to a village, but just as McCoy is about to be overrun Taylor arrives with Delta Force. McCoy chases Cota through the jungle during the fighting. After the drug lord kills a villager who wanted revenge for the murder of her family, McCoy arrives and beats him. Cota then tries to goad McCoy into killing him, knowing he is wanted alive. But as Taylor orders ropes to be lowered from the helicopter for the pick up, the last few of Cota\'s men make a final bid to rescue their boss. One of them swings his machete but only manages to partially cut Cota\'s rope before the helicopter heads back to the American carrier fleet. Hanging beneath the chopper, Cota continues to goad McCoy about his invulnerability, saying that once in court he will walk free again. But just as he assures McCoy he is going to have him killed, his rope snaps. Prompting McCoy to wryly observe, "Not today, asshole!". The film ends as the drug baron falls thousands of feet to his death.'] ['The plot mostly involves the two main characters, Ching and Yiu and problems they face with Mickey, a fellow inmate and "Killer", a prison guard. Yiu is sentenced to three years for manslaughter. In a fight for his father, he pushed a man that was then run over by a bus. Ching was sent to prison for killing his wife for being a prostitute. During the end of the film, inmates decide to go on hunger strike to protest against the cigarette price rise, this causes problems with Assassin. Ching bit Killer\'s ear off and gets an extended sentence, continued on Prison on Fire II, Yiu is released later on.'] ['The story concerns a one-time Mexican wrestler known only as The Champ  who becomes employed by a Mexican organised crime gang after he kills an opponent whose uncle is a mob leader. After witnessing a massacre of illegally-smuggled migrants into the United States, The Champ decides to seek redress for this crime.'] ['In the future, humans are a space-faring Federation and contend for planets with a hostile species of large insects known as the Arachnids or "Bugs," whose home-world is the distant planet Klendathu. In the Federation citizenship is not a birthright, but a privilege earned by those who serve society through such activities as military service; citizens are granted many opportunities prohibited to non-citizens. Athlete John "Johnny" Rico, his girlfriend Carmen Ibanez, and best friend Carl Jenkins attend high school in Buenos Aires. Fellow student Dizzy Flores is in love with Rico, but he does not return her affections. After graduation all decide to enlist in Federation service. Carmen excels academically and becomes a spaceship pilot while Carl, who is psychic, is assigned Military Intelligence for scientific research on the Bugs. Rico enlists in the Mobile Infantry mainly to see Carmen, but is surprised to see Dizzy, who has enlisted there to be near him. At Mobile Infantry training the brutal but effective Career Sergeant Zim heads the recruits. Rico is promoted to squad leader and finds a friend in Ace Levy, but his hopes for continued romance with Carmen are dashed as she desires a career with the fleet and serves under Rico\'s high school sports rival, Zander Barcalow. After a live-fire training incident that results in the death of one of Rico\'s squad, he is demoted and publicly flogged. He decides to resign and calls his parents, but the call unexpectedly drops; an asteroid launched by the Arachnids has obliterated Buenos Aires, killing millions including Rico\'s family. Rico rescinds his resignation and remains with the Infantry as an invasion force is deployed to Klendathu. The first strike on Klendathu is a disaster, with heavy casualties. Rico himself is wounded and mistakenly labeled KIA, causing Carmen to believe he is dead. Rico, Ace, and Dizzy are reassigned to the Roughnecks, commanded by Rico\'s high school teacher Lieutenant Jean Rasczak. Dizzy and Rico begin a romance and The Roughnecks respond to a distress call from Planet "P", where they discover a deserted outpost that had been overrun by Bugs. The distress call is a trap by the Arachnids, who swarm the outpost. Rico euthanises a mortally wounded Rasczak at his own request and Dizzy is fatally wounded, dying in Rico\'s arms as they are retrieved by a rescue ship piloted by Carmen and Zander. Rico and Carmen reconnect at Dizzy\'s funeral, where they encounter Carl, now a high-ranking Intelligence officer. Carl reveals that the reason for the ill-fated mission on P was to confirm the existence of an intelligent "brain bug", directing the other Bugs and showing that the Bugs have a desire to learn about their human enemy. He field-promotes Rico to lieutenant and gives him command of the Roughnecks, ordering the infantry to capture the brain bug. As Rico\'s Roughnecks join the mission on the planet, the Fleet encounters fire from the Bugs, and Carmen\'s ship is destroyed. The dying Captain Deladier orders them to abandon ship. Carmen and Zander leave in an escape pod but crash into the Bug tunnel system near Rico\'s location. Rico, unknowingly guided by a psychic suggestion from Carl, takes Ace and teammate Sugar Watkins into the tunnels to rescue Carmen. They find a wounded Carmen and Zander disarmed in a cavern with several Arachnids, including the brain bug, which drains the contents of Zander\'s cranial cavity with a proboscis. Before it can do so to Carmen, she severs it with a knife. Rico threatens the Bugs with a small nuclear bomb, so the brain bug reluctantly allows them to escape. When Arachnids pursue them, Watkins is mortally wounded and sacrifices himself by detonating the nuke while the others escape. After returning to the surface, they find that former Sergeant Zim, who had demoted himself to private so that he could serve, has captured the brain bug. Carl congratulates Rico and tells him and Carmen that the humans will soon be victorious, now that Intelligence can study the brain bug.'] ['Art professor and mountaineer Dr. Jonathan Hemlock  is a retired government assassin called on to return to work for two more "sanctions", a euphemism for officially approved killings. During his career with a secret government agency called "C2", Hemlock amassed a private collection of 21 rare masterpiece paintings, paid for from his previous sanctions. The director of C2, Mr. Dragon , is an albino ex-Nazi confined to semi-darkness and kept alive by blood transfusions. Dragon wants Hemlock to kill two men responsible for the death of another government agent, codename Wormwood. Insisting he is retired, Hemlock refuses until Dragon threatens to expose Hemlock\'s art collection to the IRS. Hemlock agrees, and he travels to Zurich and carries out the first sanction for $20,000, twice his usual fee, and a letter guaranteeing no trouble from the IRS. Returning from Europe, Hemlock meets C2 courier Jemima Brown , who seduces him and steals his money and IRS exemption letter. Dragon agrees to return them if Hemlock completes another assassination. Hemlock is reluctant, but agrees when he learns that the C2 agent killed, Wormwood, was in fact an old friend of his named Henri Baq . He demands $100,000 plus expenses. He is told the target is a member of an international mountain climbing team which in the summer will ascend the north face of the Eiger in Switzerland. Hemlock will be the American member of the team, and must kill one of the climbers—C2 is unsure of the target\'s identity, and Hemlock is only told that the man walks with a limp. Hemlock travels to Arizona to train at a climbing school run by a friend, Ben Bowman , who whips him back into shape with the help of an attractive Native American woman called George . Hemlock also encounters an enemy, Miles Mellough , a former ally from the military who betrayed him in Southeast Asia. He tries to kill Hemlock by hiring George to drug him, but Hemlock survives. Later he lures him and his bodyguard into the desert, where he shoots the bodyguard and leaves Mellough to die in the sun. Hemlock travels to Switzerland with Bowman, the "ground man" or supervisor of the climb, and meets the other members of the climbing party at the Hotel Bellevue des Alpes at Kleine Scheidegg. After a brief conflict within the climbing team, mainly due to the headstrong German member, Karl Freytag , the men begin their ascent of the Eiger North Face in poor weather conditions. The French climber is struck by falling rocks and dies. With Hemlock now leading, the surviving members retreat towards a tunnel window that connects to a railroad station inside the mountain, carrying the dead climber between them. At the last moment, Freytag and the Austrian Anderl Meyer  fall to their deaths when their anchors come loose. Hemlock is saved, dangling alone a few meters from the tunnel window. Bowman and a rescue crew make their way through the Eiger to the tunnel window, where they attempt to throw a rope to Hemlock. Hemlock notices Bowman is limping, a sign that identifies him as Hemlock\'s target. Hemlock says, "You\'re limping, Ben," reluctant to trust that Bowman will rescue him. Bowman throws him the rope, and Hemlock attaches it, then reluctantly cuts his own rope. He falls onto Bowman\'s rope, and is pulled into the tunnel to safety. On the train back to Kleine Scheidegg, Bowman admits he became involved with "the other side" years earlier and had no idea there would be a killing. Bowman admits he had become involved with Miles Mellough because he owed a debt to him, that he had gotten his daughter George off drugs. Back at Kleine Scheidegg, Hemlock is approached by Bowman, who looks to mend his relationship with the assassin—wondering if he still counts Bowman among his "friends". After Hemlock is rejoined by Jemima Brown, he takes a phone call from Dragon who assumes Hemlock killed all three of the other climbers intentionally, to ensure he killed the target. Jemima wonders if Dragon is correct.'] ['Roberts plays Alexander Villard, a former fencing champion who runs a highly competitive fencing school. One of his students describes him as "a freak who thinks he\'s living in the fourteenth century".{{cite news}} and eventually gives Suba a chance to teach, assigning him the beginning students. While Villard takes a ruthless approach, encouraging a student to injure an opponent to win, Suba takes a more subtle approach, encouraging students to turn their own weaknesses into strength. Following this advice, one of Suba\'s beginning level students scores against Villard\'s prize fencer during an in-school competition. Flashbacks further develop the conflict by revealing how Suba had killed Villard\'s father in a fencing duel. The film climaxes in a dramatic duel between Villard and Suba.'] ["Terrorist Kahlil Kadal  has threatened to bomb Miami, Florida unless western influence is removed from the Middle East. In order to keep Kadal from detonating an atomic bomb in Miami, The Delta Force, with new leaders Charles  and Greg ([[Mike Norris , team up with a group of Russian soldiers and head to El-Qutar, Kadal's hometown in the fictional country of Sudalia, so they can hunt for Kadal."] ["{{Empty section}} Danny O'Brien is a cop trying to apprehend the notorious Simon Moon, also known as The Terror. Three years earlier O'Brien captured The Terror and was called Hero by the citizens of Los Angeles. Simon has escaped and has started killing women again, and O'Brien has to capture the Terror again."] ["{{plot}} Gillian Hayes is performing heart surgery to attempt to save the patient. Another doctor decides that saving the patient is hopeless. After the patient dies, Dr. Hayes was upset at the other doctor for giving up. The coroner said that it appears as if something had exploded from within the patient's chest. Lt. Tom Royko questioned Dr. Hayes in her office about the patient who died and Dr. Hayes suspected that Lt. Royko considered her to be a suspect. Royko said Hayes was not a suspect. Later, a nervous patient who is to receive a pacemaker is worried that something will go wrong during the surgery. Dr. Hayes assured the patient that it is such a common and safe procedure and sarcastically claimed that she could even perform the operation blindfolded. The patient said he realized this but was still nervous since it was his heart that was being operated on. A receptionist receives a phone call from someone who claims that there is a bomb in operating room #4 that will explode at 1:00. The receptionist looked at the clock which read approximately 12:50. The receptionist went into the operating room to tell them that there was a bomb in the room and that they needed to evacuate. Dr. Gillian Hayes was in the middle of surgery at the time, operating on the nervous patient, and said that evacuation was not an option. Another doctor asked if evacuation was an option for her. At 12:59, Dr. Hayes and the patient were the only ones in the room. Tom Royko came in and told Dr. Hayes that she needed to leave. Gillian Hayes refused to leave and was angry with Tom Royko for coming into the operating room unmasked and thus contaminating the patient. Lt. Royko pulled Dr. Hayes away from the patient just in time. The patient exploded right afterwards; it turns out that the bomb was in the pacemaker that Dr. Hayes had implanted during the surgery. Later, Lt. Royko told Dr. Hayes to compile a list of ex-boyfriends or other people who are possible suspects. Lt. Royko told Dr. Hayes that originally she was a suspect but that her refusal to leave the operating room took her off the list of potential suspects. A cellular phone was found in a Federal Express package in Dr. Hayes' office. The cellular phone was from the person planting the bombs. He gave the information about a flight which the next victim was a passenger. The cellular phone also displayed a number which was a countdown to when the bomb would explode. A hypothesis that Hayes and Royko had was that the count down was linked to the victim's heartbeat. They also realized that as soon as the pacemaker was removed it would explode. Dr. Hayes suggested attaching it to a simulator so that it would still think it is attached to the heart. The next victim was Mr. Benjamin McDonald who was in the airport as Dr. Hayes and Lt. Royko showed up. Mr. McDonald was called to the desk and Dr. Hayes and Lt. Royko informed him that something was wrong with the pacemaker. They brought Mr. McDonald into a different room where they attempted to remove the pacemaker, assuring him that everything would be fine. Dr. Hayes had isolated the pacemaker and was ready to be removed but unfortunately, the simulator had not arrived in time. Lt. Royko was given a shield to sit behind while he cut the pacemaker from a distance. Mr. McDonald's last words were to tell his wife and children that he loved them. Right after Lt. Royko cut the pacemaker, it exploded. Dr. Hayes eventually learned that it was Franklin who was planting the bombs. Franklin is someone whose 12 year old son died in surgery while being operated by Dr. Gillian Hayes. Franklin said that the next victim would be at an elementary school. Dr. Hayes said there was a little boy there who was a patient. Dr. Hayes and Lt. Royko arrived at the elementary school and brought the boy into a room to operate on. Lt. Royko pulled the fire alarm. During the operation, Dr. Hayes said that since the boy's heartrate has been accelerating but that the rate of countdown of Franklin's timer to when the bomb would explode did not speed up, then the countdown must not be linked to the patient's heartrate. Dr. Hayes removed the pacemaker and there was no explosion. Lt. Royko said that Franklin gave them too much time so he must have not wanted the boy to die. After Dr. Hayes and Lt. Royko went outside, Dr. Hayes recognized a teacher who was a patient of hers. However, they did not have enough time to remove the pacemaker and they did not have a simulator that would be used to make the pacemaker behave as if it is still attached to the heart. Lt. Royko told the teacher to come with him, and ran with her away from the students. The teacher's chest exploded as Royko was running with her away from the crowd. The teacher was killed but Lt. Royko was not harmed. Franklin then leaves a cake for Sean's birthday at Dr. Hayes' home. After officers come to check her house, Franklin calls, and says that tomorrow, on Sean's 14th birthday, he will kill 14 patients. Dr. Hayes and Lt. Royko must race against time to save them. After discovering Franklin's hideout in front of Dr. Hayes' office at the hospital, and his true plan, they must now race against time to save Lt. Royko's son, who Franklin has kidnapped. Franklin implanted a pacemaker in Lt. Royko's son, kidnaps Dr. Hayes as she is coming to the hospital basement, connects Lt. Royko's son's pacemaker with Dr. Hayes' pulse with a special device, and then commits suicide by jumping off the hospital roof with a bomb. Lt. Royko and Dr. Hayes rush to the hospital basement to save Lt. Royko's son just in time."] ['Carlito  leads a wealthy and influential Mexican-American crime syndicate in Los Angeles. Worried about encroachment from a Chinese syndicate, Carlito orders the contract killing of their leader, Don Kim . Carlito\'s best hitman, a British man called Chev Chelios , is given the job. However, after the hit, the anger of the Chinese is much greater than Carlito expected. Carlito regrets the hit, deeming it "ill-advised". Carlito tells the Chinese the hit had nothing to do with him, and he will remove the elements in his own organization who were responsible. Ricky Verona , a small time criminal and long-time rival of Chelios, uses the opportunity to conspire with Carlito against Chelios. While Chelios sleeps in his apartment, Verona breaks in and injects Chelios with a synthetic drug  inhibiting the flow of adrenaline, slowing the heart and eventually killing the victim. Chelios wakes to find a recorded video explaining that Chelios should have about an hour left before the poison stops his heart. Chelios phones Doc Miles , a personal physician to the Mafia, who informs Chelios that in order to survive he must keep his adrenaline pumping through constant excitement and danger, or get some artificial adrenaline, epinephrine. With his own adrenaline keeping the poison at bay at first, Chelios breaks into a hospital and steals numerous drugs, much more than Doc Miles advises him to take and also gets "juiced" by hits from a defibrilator. He also keeps his adrenaline up through reckless and dangerous acts like picking fights with other gangsters, stealing things, committing robberies, fighting with police, having sex with his girlfriend in public and driving a car through a shopping mall. The entire film takes place in a single day, on November 7, 2005, over the course of which Chelios sets out to find Verona and his street gang through Chelios\' street contact Kaylo , a flamboyant homosexual. Chelios also picks up his girlfriend Eve  before Verona\'s thugs get to her. Chelios attempts to sexually assault Eve while she strongly resists in the middle of a busy street in Chinatown, while hundreds of people look on, in order to keep his adrenaline up; she eventually appears to consent and they proceed to have sex, still amidst a crowd of onlookers.http://voices.yahoo.com/sex-scene-criticism-crank-starring-jason-statham-and-1677953.html Sullivan, Michael. "Sex Scene Criticism: Crank, Starring Jason Statham and Amy Smart." Retrieved May 4, 2012 from Yahoo! Voices It’s eventually revealed that Chelios spared Don Kim\'s life and told him to leave LA. Chelios arranges a rooftop meeting with Carlito, Verona, and their henchmen, who promise him a fake antidote. Don Kim arrives along with his Triads to assist Chelios, and a shootout follows, killing many of Carlito’s men. Carlito himself is killed by Verona, who then tries to leave in Carlito\'s helicopter. The film concludes with Chelios\' confronting Verona in the helicopter, out of which they both fall over the course of battle. Chelios breaks Verona\'s neck mid-air and, still falling, calls Eve on his cell phone, to apologize for not coming back. Chelios hits a car, bounces off it and lands right in front of the camera. In the last shot, it is implied that his adrenaline is indeed still flowing fast; his nostrils flare, he blinks, and two heartbeats are heard.'] ['Financial analyst Tom Weaver  is a troubled man. He has recently broken off a potential affair with a co-worker named Rebecca. He is also arguing with himself if he wants to continue with a shady ten million dollar business deal with his boss. He has also discovered identical motel keys in his wife, Molly\'s purse and his boss\'s car, leading him to believe that she is having an affair. He confronts her about it and she denies this. He lies to her about where he is going and heads to his building to complete the deal to hopefully get himself rich. Under heavy levels of stress, Tom shouts at the kind old security guard, Eddie before going into the building. At midnight, Tom goes five levels down in the building\'s underground parking garage to E-5. Tom argues with his boss about it, who tells him that he has gotten in too deep to back out now, as millions would be lost should the process be interrupted. Tom quits the deal and leaves to his car. He tries to call his wife when he discovers that he is too deep in the garage to get service. Tom discovers that his car has been vandalized and left immobile. Tom realizes he\'s not alone. Watching and waiting, a massive 6000 pound black SUV truck whose driver sits hidden behind a veil of tinted glass. The driver is a psychotic killer with only one goal: Not letting Tom get out alive. the driver at first taunts him, chasing him, honking the horn, and flashing its lights, and Tom goes to the stairwell. However, it has been chained shut from the inside. Worse yet, the elevators are shut down for the night. Tom finds a fellow co-worker who is leaving and begs for a ride. Frightened, the woman maces him and flees. Armed with only a tire iron, Tom goes into the bathroom to wash the pepper spray out of his eyes, and discovers that the driver has attached a hose to the truck\'s exhaust pipe, and Tom flees his only safe place, which is quickly filling up with deadly carbon monoxide gas. Tom goes to a nearby truck where the driver appears and tries to mow him down with ltheir truck. He manages to get away from the truck by hiding behind a construction truck. He climbs on top of the construction truck and manages to climb on top of the truck, where he discovers the dead body of the woman who had earlier maced him. The truck\'s driver is willing to kill anybody who gets in the way of their goal. Tom realizes that he must outwit his pursuer and escape the garage while trying to figure out who wants him dead before it is too late. The driver realizes that Tom is on top of the car and bucks him into another car, before ramming it into the wall. Tom manages to flee and discover a repo man who also sees him as a threat. The repo man attempts to attack him, but he is thrown onto construction equipment and is impaled on nails. Tom believes the man is the driver, but he was actually the only man who could help him. Tom flees the path of the oncoming truck and hides in a parked car. He then sees Victor, the other security guard who knows his would-be mistress, Rebecca and appears to have a grudge against him. Victor sees the damage and attempts to arrest him, but Tom threatens him, right before Victor is mowed down by the truck. Tom flees and is nearly crushed behind a wall by the truck. A paranoid and terrified Tom realizes anybody could be a suspect. He escapes and manages to call Eddie on Victor\'s walkie talkie. He hears a loud crash and the line goes dead, leading him to believe that Eddie has too been killed. He steals a gun from his boss\'s car and finds his boss, who has been stabbed and tells him that his wife never went through with the affair, which she had no part in. He dies right as he tells Tom that he has made sure that he will not be leaving the garage alive. A suspenseful game of cat and mouse ensues as the huge truck chases him through the garage\'s levels. Tom continues to hide and flee from the truck, before eventually hiding under the truck, which backs into his leg, pinning him to the ground. The killer is revealed to be Eddie, who killed everyone because he finally snapped when he realized that Tom was pretending to like him, when everyone else didn\'t bother to mask their dislike for him. The garage doors open and Molly comes inside. Tom, despite a broken leg, manages to rescue Molly, who had been bound and gagged inside the toll booth, right before Eddie smashes it with the truck. Eddie is about to run them both down right as the police, whom Tom had called earlier at the top where there was cell phone service, arrive. Tom makes sure Molly is safe before borrowing a police car to finally destroy the truck with. He totals the truck, grabs a gun, and prepares to shoot Eddie through the windshield. The police stop this and open the door to discover that he has shot himself. Molly and Tom embrace at the top when Molly asks him "where did you park?".'] ["At Asashi High, a run-down senior high school for boys, Kujo , Aoki , Yukio , Yoshimura  and Ota  are a gang of school friends lost in apathy and dissatisfaction. They are aware their future offers limited options. Even most teachers have already written them off as a lost cause. Kujo's gang is part of the school's illegal society, which is controlled through a rooftop game: the Clapping Game, which is a test of courage. Who wins the game gets to be the society's leader and rules all gangs throughout Asashi High. No teacher can stand up to the society. After a round of the Clapping Game, Kujo wins the leadership, which excites his best friend Aoki who wants Kujo to dominate the school with punches of casual violence, but Kujo passively resists. Aoki eventually realizes his best friend only took part in the Clapping Game to pass the time. Kujo never wanted to be the school's leader. Devastated, Aoki challenges Kujo for his leadership, and loses. As Aoki becomes disillusioned, alienated and hostile toward Kujo, friends around them slowly fall apart, bringing their school to a series of mini violent climaxes."] ['A fatal stabbing of a wealthy doctor, a rape and strangulation of a seventeen-year-old girl, and a series of destructive smash-and-grabs keep police inspectors Danieli  and Moretti ([[George Hilton  working overtime. To top it off a growing gang war between the established local dons and an invading French crime syndicate threatens to blow the whole city sky high. To keep the Turin from becoming the most violent city in Rome, Moretti beats the streets at night to stop crime as a vigilante.'] ["After a North Korean nuclear missile test goes wrong, the American nuclear attack submarine USS Lansing is cut off from communications. Detecting radioactivity in the air and believing the world to be at nuclear war, the executive officer takes command of the ship from the captain and prepares to fire the submarine's nuclear missiles at targets in Russia. Some members of the crew do not believe they are at war and help the captain take back control of the ship. Meanwhile, a second American submarine is sent to hunt down and destroy the Lansing before it can start a real war. In the end, the captain is successful in regaining control of the vessel and preventing the missile launch. After outmanoeuvering the other submarine, the captain surfaces in a Russian harbor and uses a mobile phone  to contact an admiral and inform them that the situation is now under control."] ["Although Michael has matured well since the first film, he still feels that by birthright he deserves to start at the top of his father's law firm, whereas his father tells him that he will start him as a job clerking in order to learn the profession from the bottom up. Michael takes a summer vacation with Tommy to Australia. Michael has big plans to show his cousin Tommy a good time aboard a luxury yacht, until he discovers that the yacht he chartered is actually an old, rusty fishing boat. But when modern-day pirates  chase the fishing boat, the boys are forced to jump ship, leaving them stranded on a desert island with the boat's captain, Jake Hunter, who scuttled the fishing boat to lose the pirates, and later admits he hated being a fishing boat captain and only stuck with it because his dad loved it. In the end they escape in the pirates boat and leave them stranded on the island. As they escape they call the Australian Coast Guard for help. The pirates are arrested and their speedboat is seized. During a lunch the boys have with Michael's father and Tommy's mom, Michael arrives and tells Jake and Tommy that Frakes's boat is now theirs and that they are going to start their own charter business owned by all 3 of them. Michael also tells his father that he will return home to take the job offer in his law firm."] ['While on a routine patrol on United States airspace west of Alaska, pilots Matt "Cobra" Cooper and Doug "Thumper" Masters test the g-forces of their F-16C planes. Their antics get them carried away, as they stray over Soviet airspace. As they are being escorted back into U.S. airspace, one of the Soviet planes has Doug on missile-lock. This leads to a brief dogfight. In the ensuing battle, Matt loses control of his plane and is too late to save Doug, who is shot down by the Soviets. The next day, the U.S. Secretary of Defense publicly denies the incident, claiming a training accident caused by a fuel system malfunction killed Doug. At the United States Air Force Museum in Arizona, Col. Charles "Chappy" Sinclair is taken out of reserve duty and promoted to Brigadier General to lead "Operation Dark Star", a top-secret military operation. He meets up with Matt and the rest of the operation\'s selected pilots and soldiers at an undisclosed military base in Israel. The ragtag group is shortly joined by a group of Soviet pilots that comprise the other half of the operation, much to their dismay. During their briefing, it is revealed that an unnamed Middle Eastern country has completed construction of a nuclear weapons compound capable of launching warheads towards both the U.S. and U.S.S.R. Their mission is to destroy the compound, as its nuclear arms will be ready within two weeks. Both the Americans and Soviets have difficulty cooperating with each other. The situation is further complicated when Matt realizes that ace pilot Yuri Lebanov is the one who shot down Doug. At the same time, he slowly develops a relationship with female pilot Valeri Zuyeniko. After a mock dogfight followed by a fist fight that gets them grounded, Matt and Lebanov settle their differences. Then, tragedy strikes when Major Bush, the lead American pilot, is killed during a training exercise due to his claustrophobia. Chappy is later informed that the joint operation is canceled. He realizes that as both the American and Soviet teams consist of delinquent soldiers, the operation was doomed to fail from the beginning. Nevertheless, he is grateful that both factions have the courage to cooperate with each other. His pep talk encourages the entire operation to continue with the mission against General Stillmore\'s orders. For the mission, the F-16 units are to fire their missiles at the compound through the ventilation shafts while the MiGs provide high-altitude cover against enemy aircraft. Ground units are also necessary to take out the anti-aircraft defenses. Upon entering enemy airspace, the transport plane carrying the APCs is shot down. Chappy orders the pilots to abort the mission, but Matt and his wingman Graves disobey and provide air cover to the ground units. Both pilots are outnumbered by the opposing fighters, but Valeri and Lebanov arrive to even the playing field. Meanwhile, the enemy prepares to launch a warhead while the U.S. and Soviet forces order bombers on standby in case the operation fails. Chappy and the ground forces manage to destroy the guidance tower controlling the SAM launchers, but Hickman is killed in the process. They reach the target point, but Graves is shot down by an anti-aircraft gun. Valeri takes over while Matt provides cover. She fires her two remaining missiles; one of which penetrates through the ventilation shaft, obliterating the compound completely. After the joint operation is congratulated, Chappy is offered continued service under General Stillmore, but he adamantly declines the offer. Matt and Valeri bid each other farewell, but Chappy reveals to him that they are flying to Moscow on Tuesday as part of a pilot exchange program.'] ["Vijay Pal Singh  is a disgraced Merchant Navy captain who is branded a coward, humiliated by society and disowned by his parents for abandoning ship risking the lives of over 300 passengers . Feeling guilty over his cowardice and with low self-esteem, he starts working as a coal miner to forget his past. He meets and becomes friends with Ravi , an engineer incharge of the mine. He also makes an enemy in another co-worker named Mangal  who is an escaped criminal working in the mine to avoid the police. Vijay's past comes to haunt him as he sees Mangal causing trouble for the coal miners and angry over his cowardice over what happened when he was in the navy, Vijay tries to defend the miners against Mangal. Ravi eventually gets Vijay and Mangal to be friends after circumstances surrounding the mine force Mangal to change himself. The one person who supports Vijay him in his life is Dr Sudha Sen  who tries to make Vijay face up to his past and move on. Ravi and Mangal also get involved in their own romances with Anita  and Channo  respectively. When Seth Dhanraj  makes lives difficult for the coal miners by giving them poor equipment, less than sufficient medical supplies and lack of facilities, Vijay, Ravi and Mangal forcefully come together to fight for justice against Dhanraj when water floods the mines endangering the lives of hundreds of workers including that of Shatrughna Sinha. The disaster actually took place at a place called Chasnala in erswhile Bihar . The film, though not a commercial hit then, had it's own intensity and fire in it. Especially for the character Vijay Pal Singh played by Yash Chopra's favorite Vijay Amitabh Bachchan. He didn't have much dialogues and he rather emoted with his fiery eyes. His base baritone set the right tone for the content and his various emotions come out in the form of frustration, anger, love, compassion and disgust. His chracter was neatly supported by many other legends of that time like Shashi Kapoor, Shatrughan Sinha, Raakhee Gulzar, Parveen Babi, Prem Chopra etc. The movie is now termed as a Yash Chopra classic."] ['Big  was a Buddhist Monk, but he gave up this occupation when he realized he could see a person\'s past life, which would mean he would be able to predict what would happen to that person because of Karma. Big then became a bodybuilder and worked in a strip bar when he ran into Lee Fung-Yee . Lee was working as a undercover cop in the CID which busted Big in his strip show, but Big became entangled in another police case to catch a murderer when he tried to escape. While Big was running away from Lee\'s pursuit, he saw a police dog and has visions of the dog\'s previous life. The dog was previously a child who beat up dogs, and the dog was shot by a stray bullet meant for the criminal. This was the first time that Big showed his ability to see the past, and later saw the past life of Lee, a Japanese soldier killing civilians. Big , decided to help her in the investigation of a homicide, but also swore to leave her after they solved the case. After Big had inspected the corpse, he saw the deceased\'s previous life. The deceased had betrayed the murderer in his previous life and hence killed by him in this life. Big also saw that in the previous life of the murderer, before the murderer died, he cut off a one-horn beetle\'s left arm and hence deduced that in the current life, there would be someone without a left arm who would help to find the present murderer. Big successfully helped the police to arrest the murderer and saved Lee\'s life in the process as well. Her karma gets broken as well but subsequently returned, as seen through Big\'s vision. He also stopped an angry police sergeant who was beating the murderer by saying to him, "One thought Heaven, One thought Hell". Lee, now realizing that she was, in her previous life, a Japanese soldier, made efforts to compensate for the atrocities she committed in her previous life. Deciding to repay Big before she dies, Lee decided to find Big\'s childhood friend\'s killer, and she thinks the killer is hiding the mountains somewhere. She went to the mountains and on the sixth day of her journey, she encounters the killer at a part of the mountains where Big never went to find his friend\'s killer. The killer runs away from her while she tries to help him. Then, the killer comes behind her, and drags her to a rocky place where she was hit by a rock in the head, and beheaded by the murderer. The whole incident was recorded by her video camera. The video camera was retrieved after a search party to look for her. Big saw the video after a police officer showed it to him and he gets angry and went to the mountains. When he was on the mountains, he heard Lee\'s watch. He followed the sound to her buried body in the ground and her head in a tree. He became enraged and pursued a man, presuming he is Lee\'s killer into an underground temple. Big, expecting to find the killer in the temple but found his future self, a killer, bloodthirsty and vengeful. They argued and fought and came to terms peacefully in meditation. Big becomes a monk again and lives on the mountain. After five years, he meets his childhood friend\'s killer again, and in forgiveness, escorts him kindly to the police. In the end, at the "place where Big couldn\'t jump over," we see the positive karma that Lee cultivated and radiated ultimately saved Big.'] ['Fame finally catches up with Harry Callahan. His testimony against crime kingpin Lou Janero puts the mobster in prison and Callahan on the cover of a San Francisco magazine as the city\'s ace crime fighter. Callahan is attacked by Janero\'s men at a turnoff near the San Francisco – Oakland Bay Bridge while driving. He knocks down one with his car and shoots the remaining men dead. Callahan and his new Asian-American, martial arts-skilled partner Al Quan are then assigned to investigate the death of rock singer Johnny Squares , killed in his trailer outside a meatpacking plant during filming of a slasher film directed by Peter Swan . Later, Dean Madison, Swan\'s executive producer, is shot and killed during a Chinatown restaurant stick-up. Harry and Quan see the holdup and rush to stop it; Harry manages to gun down all of the robbers inside the restaurant, except for one who manages to escape out the door but is subdued by Quan\'s expert martial-arts skills. When they examine the dead producer\'s belongings, they discover a note in his pocket with Harry and Johnny Squares\'s names on it. It turns out that the dead producer and Swan are carrying out a "dead pool" game in which participants try to predict celebrity deaths, either by natural causes or as a result of working in dangerous professions. In a turn of events, another celebrity on Swan\'s list, movie critic Molly Fisher, is stabbed and killed in her condominium. Callahan is asked to cooperate with the media  to balance their interference with the investigation. Walker proposes to do an in-depth profile on Callahan for her news report, to make up for an incident earlier in the film where Harry threw and ruined Walker\'s camera in an attempt to stop her crew from harassing Squares\' girlfriend. However, Callahan wants to simply perform his job and stay out of the limelight. After dinner, they narrowly escape being killed by Janero\'s men, leading the reporter to reconsider the plight of police officers versus the public\'s right to know. Callahan drives to the prison where Janero is serving his sentence. He promises a huge, chain-smoking quadruple murderer named Butcher Hicks a carton of cigarettes for his help in convincing Janero that if anything bad happens to Callahan, the vicious Butcher will pay Janero a visit. This results in Janero\'s telling his men to stay away from Callahan while he is on duty. Callahan defuses a situation wherein a man named Gus Wheeler, rumored to be responsible for the murders, tries to get on the TV news by dousing himself in gasoline and threatening to light himself on fire if he even sees a fire truck or hose. Ultimately, it turns out that Wheeler is just an attention-seeker desperate to appear on camera. Harry and Quan later interview Swan and manage to get the name of another suspect: Harlan Rook, a schizophrenic and deranged fan of Swan who thinks his ideas and work have been stolen by Swan. Swan had gotten a restraining order against Rook about a year before. Rook next kills controversial talk show host Nolan Kennard, another person on the list, using an ingenious device; he runs a remote control car containing a C4 explosive charge under the victim\'s vehicle as he is backing out of his driveway, and detonates it. Rook\'s car bomb is undetected by Callahan at the crime scene, although he does find a wheel of the radio control car, but thinks nothing of it until later, when he spots another radio controlled car following him in the streets. Callahan and Quan are pursued in their unmarked car through San Francisco\'s hilly streets by Rook\'s radio car, and by Rook himself in a full-size car. Eventually Callahan and Al Quan come to a dead end in an alleyway and the bomb car advances on them. Harry manages to reverse the car seconds before the bomb explodes, causing only the engine bay of his car to blow up . Quan is wounded in the blast, surviving with only broken ribs thanks to his bulletproof vest. Rook, disguised as Swan, calls Walker at the television station and invites her to Swan\'s film studio for an interview, which is actually a trap. The police, meanwhile raid Rook\'s apartment and discover torn posters of Swan\'s films and large quantities of explosives. Callahan hurries to Swan\'s studio, where Walker is held captive by Rook. Harry reluctantly surrenders his .44 Magnum revolver after Rook nearly slits her throat. Callahan lures him to a pier after a chase. Rook eventually runs out of ammunition, and Callahan uses this opportunity to shoot Rook with a harpoon, impaling him. Callahan leaves with Walker while the police arrive at the scene.'] ['This spin-off movie provides a contrast to the other Young and Dangerous films with greater character development. This time, the story\'s focus is on a female character - Sister 13  of the "Hung Hing" triad. In a triad underworld dominated by men, the film tells the story of how she faces trials and tribulations of rising to become the branch leader of Portland Street. The story shows the reasons she became a lesbian. The film also gives more details about the "Tung Sing" triad, and how the relationship between Sister 13 and Ben Hon develops.'] ["In 1868, within the Ruby Mountains, Gideon  roasts hare over an open fire. Suddenly, gunshots ring out with one striking his left arm. He grabs what he can and races down the mountain. His attackers emerge from their cover to inspect his campsite. Colonel Morsman Carver , a former Confederate officer, is accompanied by Pope ([[Robert Baker , Hayes , Parsons  and the Kid ([[John Robinson ; who are all engaged in a bounty operation to apprehend him. As Parsons is preparing to load the dead body to take to Carson City for the reward money, Carver shoots the horse - which he declares is his, leaving Parsons to walk the 30 miles back to town carrying the body. Encountering a railroad under construction, Gideon hitches his horse and steals some food. The foreman recognizes the stolen horse and detains Gideon. Carver and his remaining man, Hayes, come upon the railroad site and search for Gideon. Meanwhile, Gideon escapes from custody and makes off with another horse. As Carver and Hayes draw within sight of Gideon, Gideon's horse can no longer take the strain of the heat and collapses. Gideon euthanizes the horse with his knife. When Carver and Hayes finally reach the horse's carcass, Hayes dismounts and marvels at what type of an animal would disembowel the creature. Suddenly, Gideon leaps out from the horse's belly, where he had been hiding, and grabs Hayes threatening to kill him if Carver doesn't give up his gun. Carver instead decides to shoot Hayes with his last bullet. While confronting each other, Carver and Gideon recall the events that put them at odds. After the American Civil War had concluded, Gideon was ordered to track down former Confederate officers. When he arrived in Seraphim Falls at Carver's home to interrogate him, Carver was out in a nearby field. To coerce Carver's wife  into revealing his whereabouts, and believing that their house was empty, Gideon ordered their barn to be set on fire. The blaze quickly spread to their main residence, as Carver emerged from the cropland. While the soldiers detained him, his wife and son ran inside the house to save their infant child who was still in a bedroom. Trapped by the flames, all three perished. Gideon, racked with guilt over the tragedy, is seen dropping his gunbelt and walking away from his men."] ["{{Plot}} While closing his Jiu-jitsu studio one evening, Mike Terry  is approached by attorney Laura Black , who is seeking the owner of the vehicle she accidentally sideswiped. Off-duty police officer Joe Collins , who was receiving a private lesson from Mike, sees that Laura is distressed and tries to take her coat. Startled, Laura grabs Joe's gun and fires it; shattering the studio's front window. To avoid having Laura charged with attempted murder, Mike and Joe agree to conceal the event. Mike's insurance, however, will not cover his act of God claim that the window was broken by a strong wind. Mike's wife Sondra , whose fashion business profits are the only thing keeping the struggling studio afloat, requests that Mike ask for a loan from her brother Ricardo , a mixed martial arts champion. At Ricardo's nightclub, Mike meets with Sondra's other brother, Bruno , and learns that Joe quit as the club's bouncer because Bruno never paid him. Mike confronts Bruno about the situation but is rebuffed. Mike then declines Bruno's offer to fight on the undercard of an upcoming match between Ricardo and Japanese legend, Morisaki , which could potentially pay out $50,000. Mike believes competitions with money as the incentive are not honorable and weaken the fighter. Meanwhile, aging Hollywood action star Chet Frank  enters the nightclub without security and is accosted by a man with a broken bottle. Mike intervenes and subdues three men in the process. The following day, Mike receives an expensive watch and an invitation to dinner from Chet. Mike gives the watch to Joe to pawn in lieu of his unpaid salary at the nightclub. At the dinner party, Chet's wife Zena  arranges an informal business deal to buy a large amount of dresses from Sondra's company. Chet, impressed by Mike, invites him to the set of his current film. As Mike and Sondra leave the dinner, Mike explains his unique training method to Chet's business associate Jerry Weiss . Before a sparring match, each fighter must draw one of three marbles, two white and one black; whoever draws a black marble has to fight with a handicap. Mike uses his military experience to answer a few technical questions for Chet on the film set and is offered the role of co-producer. That evening, Mike faxes the details of his training methods to Jerry so they can be used in the film. Joe arrives at the studio and informs Mike that he was suspended from duty for pawning the watch, which turned out to be stolen. During their dinner that evening, Mike relays the information to Jerry who excuses himself to handle the matter, but never returns. At home, Mike learns that the phone numbers that Zena gave Sondra have been disconnected. Sondra is panicky, having borrowed $30,000 from a loan shark to order the fabric for the dresses. As he meets with the loan shark to discuss an extension, Mike notices Bruno and Marty Brown  on television using Mike's marble-drawing method as a promotional gimmick for the undercard fights of Ricardo's match. Mike hires Laura to sue, but Marty's lawyer threatens that if they do not drop the lawsuit, he will give the police an empty shell casing with Laura's fingerprints, as proof that she attempted to kill an off-duty cop. He also threatens Mike as a witness who covered up the crime by bribing the cop with a stolen watch. When told of the situation, Joe feels responsible and kills himself. Mike feels obligated to help Joe's financially struggling wife and, in desperate need of money himself, decides to compete as an undercard fighter in the upcoming competition. At the arena, Mike discovers the fights are being fixed via a magician  using sleight of hand to surreptitiously switch the white and black marbles. Disgusted by this revelation, Mike confronts the conspirators: Marty, Jerry and Bruno who confirm that unknown to the competitors, the fights are handicapped by the fight promoters so as to ensure winning bets. They also reveal that Ricardo is intentionally losing the fight to Morisaki so they can make money on the rematch. Jerry tells Mike that Sondra is the one who told them about Laura shooting the window and Bruno justifies her betrayal by explaining that his sister is too smart to stay with someone who cannot provide for her. As Mike is exiting the arena, he meets Laura. Their conversation is not audible, but it ends with Laura slapping Mike. Mike then re-enters the arena. He incapacitates several security guards trying to stop him and is ultimately engaged by Ricardo. The audience and camera crews take notice as Mike and Ricardo face off in the arena's corridors. Inspired by the Professor, an elderly martial arts master attending the match, Mike manages to slip a difficult choke hold and defeats Ricardo. He is approached by Morisaki, who awards Mike with his ivory-studded belt, previously referred to as a Japanese national treasure. Mike is then approached by the Professor himself, who awards Mike the coveted Redbelt."] ["Ryu , is a deaf-mute man working in a factory to support his ailing sister , who is in desperate need of a kidney transplant. As Ryu is not a match, and he is laid off from his job, Ryu contacts a black market organ dealer, and agrees to exchange his savings and one of his own kidneys in exchange for a matching one; the dealers perform the operation, but disappear after taking Ryu's kidney and money. Three weeks later, Ryu learns from his doctor that a donor has been found, but Ryu is unable to afford the operation now. In need of money for the operation and in retaliation for his being fired, Yeong-mi , Ryu's radical anarchist girlfriend, conspires they kidnap Yu-sun, the daughter of factory executive Dong-jin. The girl stays with Ryu's sister, who believes Ryu is merely babysitting her; concurrently, Ryu and Yeong-mi collect the ransom from Dong-jin. After collecting the money, Ryu finds his sister discovered his plan, and that she committed suicide as she was unwilling to be involved or to burden Ryu. Ryu takes Yu-sun and his sister's body to a suburban riverbed they used to frequent as children; while Ryu buries his sister, Yu-sun accidentally slips into the river and drowns. As Dong-jin mourns his daughter, he hires an investigator to help find Yu-sun's kidnappers, and realizes those he laid off may seek revenge. Meanwhile, Ryu locates, ambushes and murders the organ dealers. Dong-jin, receiving help from several sources, finds Yeong-mi and interrogates her; Yeong-mi apologizes for Yu-sun's death, but warns him of an organization she is part of that will find and kill Don-jin if he kills her. Dong-jin, unfazed by Yeong-mi's threats, electrocutes her to death. Ryu returns to Yeong-mi's apartment building and discovers the police removing her corpse. Ryu and Dong-jin wait at each other's residence in an attempt to kill the other; Ryu is the first to return home and, unaware of an electric booby trap on his doorknob, is rendered unconscious. Dong-jin binds Ryu and returns him to the riverbed where Yu-sun died. After binding Ryu's hands and feet and bringing him chest-high into the water, an emotional Dong-jin acknowledges that although Ryu is a good man, he has no choice; Dong-jin then slashes Ryu's Achilles tendons, resulting in his drowning. Dong-jin drags Ryu back to shore and begins to dig a hole, but soon a group of men arrives. They surround and stab Dong-jin repeatedly, finally attaching a note to his chest identifying themselves as the terrorist group of which Yeong-mi was part. The group leave Dong-jin dying beside his car with the bloody tools and bags containing Ryu's body."] ["Karl Savak, a corrupt FBI agent, is attempting to steal and sell military weapons. When stealing weaponry one of Savak's henchmen, Marcus, kills Darlene and Marianne North, the family of John North. John North himself is shot and lapses into a coma for eight weeks. When he regains consciousness he discovers that Savak has put Marcus onto a witness protection program. As a result, North decides to enact his own justice and seeks revenge on Savak and his henchmen."] ["Holland  is a former CIA assassin who lives quietly and peacefully on a West Indies island. He is persuaded out of retirement by the death of Jorge Hidalgo , a friend and dissident journalist. Hidalgo was murdered by Clement Molloch , a Welsh doctor who lives in Guatemala. Molloch  has made a science of the practice of torture and sells his knowledge and skills to any government that can pay his price. Holland is hired by Hector Lomelin , a professor and friend of Hidalgo. He poses as a family man  and is accompanied to Guatemala by Hidalgo's widow Rhiana  and daughter Sarah ."] ['{{Plot|dates416>"The Sunshine State", Prison Break season 4 episode 16. Sara is attacked as revenge by the Miami-Dade COs for having left the door unlocked,"Go", Prison Break season 1 episode 21. allowing the "Fox River Eight" to escape and eventual dismissal or suspension of several staff members of Fox River. Across the yard is the neighboring men\'s prison, where General Jonathan Krantz  and Theodore "T-Bag" Bagwell  are being held. Receiving word of Sara\'s incarceration, Krantz puts out a $100,000 bounty on Sara\'s head. Sara is quickly poisoned with strychnine, but is given medical treatment in the infirmary that saves her life and pregnancy. The correctional physician informs her that she will have thirty minutes with her baby when she eventually gives birth before the baby is taken away from her. His advice is to consider herself to be a surrogate mother to her own fetus so as to avoid crippling depression due to the inevitable separation. Michael learns of the poisoning from Sara\'s lawyer. After learning about the bounty on her head, he decides that he must break her out. He once again enlists Lincoln Burrows  and Fernando Sucre\'s  help. Lincoln and Sucre stake out the prison, taking measurements and photographs of the cameras and creating a rough layout of the prison. Gretchen sees Lincoln and Sucre, and forces Sara to include her in any escape plan that may be developing. After meticulously analyzing the photographs and plans of the prison, Michael finds a fault in the security system. Alexander Mahone  then arrives and offers his aid, although his true intentions are unclear, as he had just been offered reinstatement with the FBI on the condition that he find and report any evidence incriminating Michael. Michael exploits the fault to come up with an escape plan, which he relays to Sara using a hidden message written in a letter. While he is out however, FBI Agent Todd Wheatley  breaks into Michael\'s apartment, and sees the plans laid out on table. When Michael arrives, he points out that the plans look very incriminating, but Michael claims that he was merely looking for any faults, so that he could describe them to the prison warden , in the hopes that she may grant him visitation rights. Visitation rights are eventually granted, so Michael visits Sara and, because the visit is supervised, subtly asks her if she understood the hidden message, which she implies that she does. However, just after leaving the prison, Michael finds out that Agent Wheatley also discovered the fault which Michael planned to exploit, and sees the camera system being adjusted, putting a halt to the escape plan. Meanwhile, Sara joins the "family" of the leader of the prisoners, an inmate who goes by the name of "Daddy" , in order to join the work detail and gain access to the yard. Michael soon comes up with a daring plan which Lincoln strongly recommends against, to somehow parachute right outside the Prison Yard and rescue Sara. Realizing the difficulty of such a task, Michael asks Lincoln to enlist the aid of T-Bag. Since T-Bag would clearly be holding a grudge against Michael, Michael tells Lincoln to offer him a reward of $5,000. During the meeting, T-Bag demands more money than the brothers can provide. But, since the General refused to provide any financial incentive for T-Bag\'s help, T-Bag tells Lincoln how he can rob the man  holding the General\'s $100,000, in exchange for his help. Lincoln agrees to steal the money, and tells T-Bag to start a fire in his cell at an exact time. Lincoln and Sucre then proceed to rob the money holder and set up the fund transfer to T-Bag. Wanting to get to Sara, Gretchen persuades one of the guards to search Daddy\'s room. The guards do so, and, finding drugs in the trash can, take Daddy to lockup. While waiting near the showers, Sara is attacked by a fellow family member  but Gretchen comes to her rescue, killing the attacker in the process. Gretchen then pleads with Sara to include her in the escape because she wishes to see her daughter, Emily, and give her a gift. When one of the guards tells Daddy of the death of her family member, and mentions that Sara and Gretchen are thought to be behind her killing, Daddy becomes infuriated. Following several phone calls with Agent Wheatley, in which Mahone divulged Michael\'s parachute plot, it appears that Mahone has betrayed Michael. But Michael continues to trust him, and gives him a piece of paper and a DVD which he says to give to Sara, in the event of his death. Michael then visits Sara once more, telling her that the previous escape plan was now impossible. But he cryptically tells her of a new plan, in which she must get to the chapel, which is linked to the outside via an underground connection to an administrative building. Daddy is eventually freed from lockup, and appears to be stalking Sara and Gretchen. Just before the escape begins, Gretchen distracts a guard, and Sara confronts Daddy. Following a short explanation, Sara picks a fight with Daddy and purposely pushes her into a powerful and frightening inmate , who then retaliates by attacking Daddy. At the same time, Gretchen punches the guard and knocks her to the ground, but gets stabbed in the leg during the altercation. Sara quickly grabs the guard\'s keys, and the two of them hide in the kitchen amidst the chaos. Michael then begins the escape. Knowing of the plan thanks to Mahone\'s information, agent Wheatley orders all lights to be shut off, and positions armed officers near Michael\'s landing site. When the parachute lands, it is riddled with bullets. However, Wheatley discovers the parachutist is revealed to be a dummy. Michael is then seen sneaking out from under Wheatley\'s car and running into the prison. With the escape underway, Gretchen admits to Sara that she cannot continue on without help due to her injuries. Gretchen then asks her to choose, either to leave her behind or help her. Sara chooses to help Gretchen because she rescued her during the attack. However, as they run to the chapel, Gretchen is spotted by guards. She is asked if she\'s alone but Gretchen refuses to divulge Sara\'s presence and stalls the guards by telling them she just wanted to be with her daughter. Though Sara is almost spotted by a guard, she manages to unlock the door and get into the chapel. At this point the guards are recalled and Gretchen is again taken into custody. Sara then sees the necklace that Gretchen made for her daughter on the ground, and knowing that she got away thanks to Gretchen, picks it up so that she may pass it on to her daughter. Michael finally meets with Sara, and they sit, waiting. Sucre is supposed to transfer the money to T-Bag\'s bank account, but sees that the bank is closed. When T-Bag finds out that the transfer did not take place as promised, he angrily reveals the plot to the warden, and tells her that he was instructed to pull the fire alarm. The warden responds by turning all fire alarms off. This however, turns out to be part of Michael\'s plan, as he figured that T-Bag would reveal the plan. With the alarms off, he then burns through a locked door with a blowtorch, managing to force it open. However, when they try to escape through the next door, which is electronically locked, they discover a roadblock. Knowing that this was a possibility from the beginning, Michael asks Sara to run as soon as the door opens and leave him behind, since the only way to open the door is to manually cause a power surge that will certainly kill him. Sara refuses to leave if Michael cannot go with her, but he emphasizes that there is no other way, touching her stomach and saying that he will be going with her. In one final act of sacrifice, Michael causes the surge, and sparks are shown coming from the fuse box. Sara then runs out, with Lincoln, Sucre, and Mahone waiting with a van just outside. Stunned, Sara is unable to describe to Lincoln what just happened. Mahone, who purposely misled the agents, revealed that he knew of Michael\'s plan from a previous discussion, and simply tells Lincoln, "he\'s gone". They get into the van and drive away, still shocked over Michael\'s fate. Back at the prison, T-Bag is put into solitary confinement for aiding Sara\'s escape since he told the warden to shut off the fire alarms. Mahone finally gives Sara the paper and the DVD which Michael left for her. The paper reveals a medical exam which Michael recently underwent, revealing that his brain tumor had returned, and that his condition was terminal. Finally, Lincoln and Sara sit in a boat, and view the DVD. It is a prerecorded message Michael made right before Sara\'s escape. In the video, he tells Sara and Lincoln that he wouldn\'t have had much time to live because of his tumor and that he doesn\'t regret his choice. He asks Lincoln to make a promise that he will always be there for his child  no matter what and asks Sara to watch out for Lincoln. He says that life is wasted on what people want to, but don\'t ever say and takes this moment to say what he wants which is that he loves them both. He tells them to make sure his son is told every day how much he is loved and how lucky he is to be free. The video, and the entire series, ends with Scofield\'s message that they are finally free: {{cquote}}'] ["Daisuke Honda, a war photographer in Vietnam, meets Yuriko Sawanouchi, a stewardess on his plane back to Japan. After drinking with her at a Tokyo bar, he becomes involved in saving Yuriko from assassination by stylish, female ninjas. When trying to rescue Yuriko from kidnappers, Daisuke discovers a group of foreigners are hunting for a WWII-era treasure hidden on an island by Yuriko's father.<ref nameJonathan |lasthttp://www.allmovie.com/work/black-tight-killers-201934|title2010-02-18|publisher http://www.kinejun.jp/cinema/id/21862|title2010-02-18|languageKinema Junpo}}"] ['One morning, while painting the landscape on a hill in San Francisco, California, a young woman named Emu O\'Hara  witnesses the murder of a Japanese Yakuza member. She notices that while the assassin stands emotionless in front of her, his eyes begin to shed tears. The assassin introduces himself to Emu as "Yo" . Days later, after Emu returns to her home in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, the Hakushin Society led by Shido Shimazaki ([[Mako  make their appearance at the local police precinct, announcing a war between his clan and the "Sons of the Dragons" - a Chinese Triad that ordered the assassination of Shimazaki\'s son in San Francisco. Interpol detective Netah  explains to the police that the Sons of the Dragons are descendants of 108 Buddhist monks who rebelled against the Manchu reign in China centuries ago, and that they have their bringer of death known in the underworld as the "Freeman." Shimazaki then tells everyone that Emu is the Freeman\'s next target, as she was the only witness to his son\'s assassination, and the assassin\'s code is that a person who is given Freeman\'s name becomes his next kill. However, shortly after their meeting is adjourned, Shimazaki and his bodyguards are ambushed outside the precinct by a masked Freeman and his assistant Koh  . After dispatching the bodyguards and disabling the nearby police officers, Freeman successfully kills Shimazaki before running off. During his escape, he passes by Emu, who recognizes his eyes through his mask. As Freeman and Koh flee the scene, Emu utters Yo\'s name to the surprise of Detective Forge , who is assigned to protect her. Later that night, Emu is interrogated by Netah and Forge over Freeman\'s identity. Due to a lack of evidence, she is shortly released and escorted back to her mansion. As Netah scouts the mansion\'s perimeters, he discovers that Forge is knocked unconscious and he encounters Ryuji Hanada  and wife Kimie Hanada , who are out to claim the Freeman\'s head and take over the Hakushin Society. Inside the mansion, Emu discovers that Yo is in her room and begins to accept her fate. Yo, however, decides not to kill her and instead, makes love with her. Minutes later, Hanada\'s men enter the mansion, prompting Yo to immediately kill them before Ryuji confronts him. Koh throws a knife at Ryuji\'s back and a gun towards Yo. As Yo guns Ryuji down, Ryuji fires his machine pistol out of control, severely wounding Emu. Despite his orders, Yo cannot bring himself to kill Emu; instead, he has Koh drive them to the nearest hospital. En route, Yo tells Emu his last name being Hinomura, and to find him in Hokkaidō, Japan. It is later on revealed that Ryuji survived the gunfight by wearing a bulletproof vest. With the help of members of the Sons of the Dragons , Emu escapes police security at the hospital and flies to Japan to reunite with Yo. Yo tells Emu about his past before becoming the Freeman. He was a renowned pottery artist who had an exhibition in New York. During the exhibit, someone was murdered by two unknown assailants. He realized that the murder victim placed a roll of film inside one of his vases several seconds prior to his death. Yo developed the photos in his hotel bathroom, revealing the torture and execution of a man wearing dragon tattoos similar to what he would eventually wear. Before leaving his hotel, he was drugged and abducted by the Sons of the Dragons, who implanted subliminal messages into his mind using acupuncture techniques. During his first mission, where he killed Mafia boss Antonio Rossi, he began to shed tears; hence his name Crying Freeman. Yo is notified by Koh that Ryuji and his men have attacked a soya factory in Shanghai, China, that was protected by the Sons of the Dragons. As retribution, Yo and Koh travel to Shimazaki\'s funeral outside Tokyo to kill Ryuji and wipe out the Shimazaki clan. During the funeral, while having sex inside a closet, Kimie reveals to Netah that the Shimazakis were set up by the Hanadas to be assassinated so they could take over the clan. Disguised as Yakuza members recently released from prison, Yo and Koh begin their killing spree on the Yakuza clan. After incapacitating Ryuji by impaling his hand on a wall, Koh tells Yo to make an escape route while he deals with Ryuji personally by dropping an explosive in his pants. While Yo makes his escape, Koh attempts to kill him, only to be gunned down by Ryuji before the explosive destroys him and the house. A dying Koh tells Yo that he was ordered by the Sons of the Dragons to kill him for treason. A vengeful Kimie shoots Koh to death following Freeman\'s escape. Yo returns to his home, where he prepares the area to self-destruct and arms himself to battle Netah and Kimie, along with her henchmen. Despite being wounded by Netah, Yo kills the henchmen and defeats Netah and Kimie - the latter by stabbing her near the heart. Yo then gives them an alibi that he killed Shimazaki on a personal feud and that he and Emu committed suicide. When Kimie refuses to accept the alibi on grounds of her husband\'s death, Yo pulls the knife off her chest, increasing her blood loss. Kimie then accepts the alibi and has her wound mended. While Yo and Emu leave the premises, Netah prepares to shoot them from behind, only to be killed by Kimie. Yo and Emu are last seen riding a speedboat into the sunset.'] [' In the near future, weapons master James McCullen  has created a nanotech-based weapon capable of destroying a city. His company M.A.R.S.  sells four warheads to NATO, and NATO troops led by American soldiers Duke  and Ripcord  are tasked with delivering the warheads. Their convoy is ambushed by the Baroness , whom Duke recognizes to be his ex-fiancee Ana Lewis. Duke and Ripcord are rescued by Scarlett ([[Rachel Nichols , Snake Eyes , Breaker  and Heavy Duty . They take the warheads to The Pit, G.I. Joe\'s command center in Egypt, and upon arriving rendezvous with the head of the G.I. Joe Team, General Hawk . Hawk takes command of the warheads and excuses Duke and Ripcord, only to be convinced to let them join his group, after Duke reveals that he knows the Baroness. McCullen is revealed to be using the same nanotechnology to build an army of soldiers with the aid of the Doctor , planning on using the warheads to cause panic and bring about a new world order. Using a tracking device, McCullen locates the G.I. Joe base and sends Storm Shadow  and the Baroness to retrieve the warheads, with assistance from Zartan . After a fight, Storm Shadow and the Baroness retrieve the warheads and take them to Baron DeCobray, the Baroness\'s husband, for him to weaponize. Making their way to Paris, the Joes pursue the Baroness and Storm Shadow, but are unsuccessful in stopping them from launching the missile. The nanomites destroy the Eiffel Tower and some of the surrounding area before Duke manages to hit the kill switch, but in doing so he is captured and taken to McCullen\'s base under the Arctic. The Joes locate the secret base and fly there, as McCullen loads three missiles with nano-warheads. After Snake Eyes takes out one, Ripcord pursues the remaining missiles in a stolen M.A.R.S. prototype Night Raven jet, while Scarlett, Breaker, and Snake Eyes infiltrate the base. Snake Eyes duels and prevails over Storm Shadow. Duke learns that the Doctor is Rex Lewis, Ana\'s brother believed to have been killed by a mistimed airstrike during a mission led by Duke . Rex had encountered Doctor Mindbender ([[Kevin J. O\'Connor  in the bunker and was seduced by the nanomite technology, taking too long to retrieve the data and getting caught in the bombing, which disfigured him. After freeing Duke, the Baroness is subdued, as the Doctor reveals he has implanted her with nanomites, which has put her under his control for the past four years. Attempting to kill Duke, McCullen ends up being burned, so he and the Doctor flee to an escape vessel. Duke and the Baroness pursue him while the Joes fall back, when the Doctor activates the base\'s self-destruct sequence; which involves \'blowing the ice cap\' to create blocks of ice which then supposedly fall with gravity down. The Doctor assumes the identity of the Commander, having healed McCullen\'s burned face with nanomites, encasing it in silver and naming him "Destro", which places McCullen under the Commander\'s control. They are captured by G.I. Joe soon after. On the supercarrier USS Flagg, the Baroness is placed in protective custody until they can remove the nanomites from her body. Meanwhile, Zartan, having had his physical appearance altered by nanomites, infiltrates the White House during the missile crisis and assumes the identity of the President of the United States of America .'] ["The plot centers on Lundgren's character Nikolai Petrovitch Radchenko, a Soviet Spetsnaz-trained KGB agent who is sent to an African country where Soviet, Czechoslovakian and Cuban forces are helping the government fight an anti-communist rebel movement. He fights with dedication for his Soviet commanders, until he is thrown in jail for drunkenly shooting up a bar. During his night in the cell, he meets an American journalist and a resistance fighter whom the Soviet command have designated both as an espionage/terrorist threat, and Nikolai learns the truth about the Soviet presence. Nikolai is ordered to assassinate the movement's leader, but eventually turns against his government by switching sides. Disgraced and tortured by his commanding officers for failing his mission, he breaks out of the interrogation chamber and escapes to the desert, later to be found by native people. He soon learns about them and their culture, and after receiving a ceremonial burn scar in the form of a scorpion , he rejoins the freedom fighters and leads an attack against the Soviet camp after a previous attack at the rebel stronghold. Nikolai steals an AO-63 from the armoury, fights his corrupt officers and hunts down General Vortek, who attempts to escape in a Mil-24 Hind only to be shot down after takeoff. Nikolai defeats and kills Vortek, as the freedom fighters finally defeat the Soviet oppression."] ['In London, a golden bullet with James Bond\'s code "007" etched into its surface is received by MI6. It is believed that it was sent by famed assassin Francisco Scaramanga, who uses a golden gun, to intimidate the agent. Because of the perceived threat to the agent\'s life, M relieves Bond of a mission revolving around the work of a scientist named Gibson, thought to be in possession of information crucial to solving the energy crisis with solar power. Bond sets out unofficially to find Scaramanga. After retrieving a spent golden bullet from a belly dancer in Beirut and tracking its manufacturer to Macau, Bond sees Andrea Anders, Scaramanga\'s mistress, collecting golden bullets at a casino. Bond follows her to Hong Kong and in her Peninsula Hotel room pressures her to tell him about Scaramanga, his appearance and his plans; she directs him to the Bottoms Up Club. The club proves to be the location of Scaramanga\'s next \'hit\', Gibson, from which Scaramanga\'s dwarf henchman Nick Nack steals the "Solex agitator", a key component of a solar power station. Before Bond can assert his innocence, however, Lieutenant Hip escorts him away from the scene, taking him to meet M and Q in a hidden headquarters in the wreck of the {{RMS}} in the harbour. M assigns 007 to retrieve the Solex agitator and assassinate Scaramanga. Bond then travels to Bangkok to meet Hai Fat, a wealthy Thai entrepreneur suspected of arranging Gibson\'s murder. Bond poses as Scaramanga, but his plan backfires because Scaramanga himself is being hosted at Hai Fat\'s estate. Bond is captured and placed in Fat\'s dojo, where the fighters are instructed to kill him. After escaping with the aid of Lt. Hip and his nieces, Bond speeds away on a khlong along the river and reunites with his British assistant Mary Goodnight. Hai Fat is subsequently killed by Scaramanga, who replaces Fat as the "new Chairman of the board" and takes the Solex. Anders visits Bond, revealing that she had sent the bullet to London and wants Bond to kill Scaramanga. In payment, she promises to hand the Solex over to him at a boxing venue the next day. At the match, Bond discovers Anders dead and meets Scaramanga. Bond spots the Solex on the floor and is able to smuggle it away to Hip, who passes it to Goodnight. Attempting to place a homing device on Scaramanga\'s car, she is locked into the vehicle\'s boot. Bond sees Scaramanga driving away and steals a showroom car to give chase, coincidentally with Sheriff J.W. Pepper seated within it. Bond and Pepper follow Scaramanga in a car chase across Bangkok, which concludes when Scaramanga\'s car transforms into a plane, which flies him, Nick Nack and Goodnight to his private island. Picking up Goodnight\'s tracking device, Bond flies a seaplane into Red Chinese waters, under the Chinese radar, and lands at Scaramanga\'s island. On arriving, Bond is welcomed by Scaramanga, who shows him the high-tech solar power plant he has taken over, the technology for which he intends to sell to the highest bidder. Whilst demonstrating the equipment, Scaramanga uses a powerful solar beam to destroy Bond\'s plane. Scaramanga then proposes a pistol duel with Bond on the beach; the two men later stand back to back and are ordered by Nick Nack to take twenty paces, but when Bond turns and fires, Scaramanga has vanished. Nick Nack leads Bond into Scaramanga\'s Funhouse where Bond poses as a mannequin of himself while Scaramanga walks by, taking him by surprise and killing him. Goodnight, in waylaying a Scaramanga henchman into a pool of liquid helium, upsets the balance of the solar plant, which begins to go out of control. Bond retrieves the Solex unit just before the island explodes, and they escape unharmed in Scaramanga\'s Chinese junk, later subduing Nick Nack who challenges them having smuggled himself aboard.'] ['The story involves a group of would-be burglars who attempt a daring daylight robbery of a Federal Building in Seattle, Washington. However, the criminals are forced to improvise when their getaway helicopter crashes and sets a deadly fire in the building. Also in the building is a former security guard  who is the only person who can stop the heist and save the innocent bystanders who are trapped in the burning building.'] ['The unseen driver of a black Dodge Charger,  is kidnapping, molesting, and sometimes murdering young girls around Copper Valley, Arizona. When the daughter of a bus driver  is kidnapped right in front of her mother , a chase through the tough Arizona terrain begins as the mother tries to get her daughter back.'] ["The film is set during the Arab oil embargo of 1976. Khalil Abdul-Muhsen , is the Saudi Arabian minister of state who proposes to recognize Israel, support Israeli membership in OPEC and sell Saudi oil to needy nations. The object of his plan is to protect third-world nations from the threat of Cold War ideology. Khalil's radical agenda and idealism however finds few friends and he is soon the target of multiple assassination attempts by Arab terrorist groups. They send Nicole Scott  to infiltrate Abdul-Muhsen's entourage, seduce him and await further instructions. However, she develops strong feelings for him in reality and the completion of the plan is jeopardized."] ['A top secret American forces strategic bomber known as "Midnight Eagle" suddenly vanishes in the Japanese Hida Mountains.'] ["Bobby Kalinowski , an ex-Navy Seal enjoys a peaceful life as a landscape architect in Louisiana with his family. After receiving an invitation from new neighbors Clay and Elise Freeman , they go out for a night on the town to a famous club. The evening soon takes a turn for the worse when the Kalinowski family gets into conflict with one of the club owners, Ethan Bordas . In the middle of the conflict, Ethan accidentally falls on his own knife and dies while fighting with Bobby, who was defending his wife. Seeking revenge, Ethan's father Seth , previously thought to be his brother, puts a $100,000 bounty on Bobby's head. Also making matters difficult, Bobby is unable to receive help from the law, for Seth has Clay Freeman, and a corrupt police sergeant, working for him. Now Bobby must survive and escape Louisiana while being hunted by criminals, corrupt law, and many others in the city. To protect his family and neighbors, Bobby decides to separate himself from them and goes to his Navy Seal friend Big Ronnie or known as B.R.  for help. B.R initially refuses, deciding to take the bounty, but later changes his mind and helps Bobby. Seth, however, targets Bobby’s family and kidnaps his daughter Brianna . Bobby ends up fighting and killing Seth and his henchmen with B.R.'s help, and rescues his daughter."] ['In 1972,<ref nameDeleted scenes Cut from the final film were two scenes that explain why Harry grows to suspect Astrachan, Davis, Grimes, and Sweet of the killings of Charlie McCoy, Guzman, Ricca, the pimp, and all of the other criminals."Magnum Force" at IMDB - Trivia *The first scene cut takes place after Davis and Harry watch McCoy\'s funeral flight take off and before the combat pistol championship; after the flight Harry and Davis drive from the airport to a bowling alley for a few drinks; a black youth is suddenly chased outside and assaulted by four toughs; Davis attacks the toughs while Harry dispatches one with his beer mug. After subduing the robbers, Davis harangues a group of eyewitnesses for letting such crimes take place; Harry witnesses Davis\'s harangue and sees in it his own approach to crime fighting, albeit far more severe. *Later, after examining the bullet from Davis\'s gun at the combat pistol championship range, Harry checks on old issues of a police magazine. He finds articles condemning the revolving door justice allowed by liberal politics - and these articles are authored by the four rookie cops.'] ["Daredevil motorcycle rider Evel Knievel stars as himself in this fictional story. The film opens with Knievel sneaking into an orphanage late at night to deliver presents: Evel Knievel action figures. One of the boys casts away his crutches, telling Knievel that if he could walk after his crashes, then he  can, too. Knievel then prepares for another of his stunt jumps. We are introduced to his alcoholic mechanic Wil Atkins , who was a former stunt rider himself before his wife died, driving him to drink. While signing autographs, Knievel is ambushed by feminist photojournalist Kate Morgan , who has been sent to photograph the jump: if Knievel is killed, it will be a great story. {{Quote box}} As it happens, Evel does crash while attempting the stunt, and though badly injured, survives. He berates Morgan, announces his retirement, and is taken to the hospital. While rehabilitating, Knievel resists all attempts to get back on the horse, including those from Jessie , a former protégé with mysterious backers who want Evel to do a jump in Mexico. Eventually, though, Knievel relents and agrees. A subplot develops when Will's estranged son Tommy shows up from boarding school, and asks to join the tour. Will, who is reminded of his dead wife, is cold to Tommy, leaving Knievel to show the boy kindness. Likewise, Kate reappears, apologetic for her previous motives, and now wishes that he will never stop jumping. Meanwhile, Jessie's benefactor is revealed: Drug lord Stanley Millard . Millard  plans to cause a fatal accident during the jump. He will then have Knievel's body transported back to America in an exact duplicate of the tour trailer, but one that has a massive supply of drugs hidden in the walls. Will, however, stumbles onto the plot, is drugged, and sent to a psychiatric ward under the control of the corrupt Ralph Thompson  to prevent him from spilling the beans. Evel sneaks into the ward late at night when Will has dried out, but all Will can remember is that someone knocked him out. Knievel leaves him there to keep whoever is behind the plot in the dark. As Knievel prepares for the jump , Jessie&mdash;hopped up on drugs&mdash;confronts Evel, claiming that he will prove who the best jumper is. Jessie knocks Evel out and dresses in Knievel's signature red, white, and blue outfit. Jessie then successfully makes the jump, however, the bike has been sabotaged and he is killed as he lands . While the body is taken away for the drug smuggling plot, Evel wakes up, gets on another bike, and goes to free Will. After breaking out of the psych ward, the two find the mockup trailer, in which, by an amazing coincidence, both Tommy and Kate have been taken hostage. Pursuing the truck, Will and Evel decide to split up: Will will disable the semi, Evel will lead off the gun-toting drug lords riding guard in another car. At the end of several extended chase scenes, the drug lords are defeated, Will and his son are reunited, and Kate has fallen head over heels for Knievel. The film ends with Knievel performing a daredevil jump over a pit of fire, this time successfully. The end jump is stopped in a freeze-frame shot and a color matte, similar to that of the one that appears in the opening credits, appears over Evel in mid-air. The song that plays over the opening credits also plays over the film's end credits."] ['There is a part of Los Angeles where there are two rival gangs that have been at war with each other the Hyde Park Gang based on MS-13, led by El Chivo , and the East Side Gangsters based on the Crips, led by Armand Tucker . Vice cop Max Ballister  is called out one night by someone that he thinks is his informant Gary Morrison . When Max reaches his destination, someone pulls up to him and fires a single shot that kills him, leaving his wife Linda  widowed. Max\'s angry father Simon Ballister , who is a martial arts expert , moves to the neighborhood that Max was killed in, at address 1001 North Central, and he starts investigating, with the help of his new landlady Alice Park , who runs MG\'s Grand Liquors. Frank Shaw  is the detective who is heading the investigation. And what no one knows is that Shaw, who is a dirty cop, has formed a partnership with Tucker. As Simon investigates, he starts leaving a trail of beat up and/or dead bodies of gangsters. Gary gives Simon a lead on El Chivo\'s gang. El Chivo runs most of the booking joints that Max went after, and El Chivo has a private club called the Anodyne. Simon goes to the Anodyne, and Chivo tells him that maybe it was Tucker who ordered the hit on Max. Later, a pair of East Side Gangsters chase Simon via car. After a long chase, Simon causes them to crash their car. One of the gangsters is dead, and Simon, with a gun, asks the other one, Gary\'s brother Isaiah Morrison , who sent them. Isaiah says Tucker sent them. Later, Isaiah talks to Tucker, and Tucker tells Isaiah to kill Simon, or everyone Isaiah cares about will die. On the next morning, Gary is chased by a group of four racists, and just as they\'re about to start beating him up, Simon shows up and leaves the four racists in a bloody heap on the ground. In Simon\'s car, Simon asks Gary if it was Isaiah who fired the shot that killed Max, but Gary is not saying anything. Just before Gary gets out of the car, Simon plants a tracking device on him. That night, Simon uses the tracking device to follow Gary to a warehouse, and uses some electronic equipment to eavesdrop on the conversation that\'s taking place inside. It seems to be a meeting between the gangs. After listening some, Simon gets out and plants some more tracking devices. Shaw is there. And then, all of a sudden, gunfire erupts. When it\'s over, the men from Chivo\'s gang are dead at the hands of some dirty cops who work for Shaw, and Tucker and Shaw take the money and drugs. Simon gets back in his car, and uses the tracking devices to follow them. Simon follows them to what looks like another warehouse. Simon silently breaks in and finds the cocaine. Some of Tucker\'s men follow Simon back to MG\'s Grand Liquors, where Simon still has an apartment. Simon uses his tracking device, and notices that the car that the gangsters are in is right outside. Simon and Alice are in his apartment, and Simon tells Alice to hide. The gangsters start coming into the apartment, and Simon starts killing them with a G36. After killing the gangsters who broke into the apartment, Simon tells Alice to follow him. On the stairway, Simon kills some more gangsters. Simon and Alice get outside, and Simon starts killing more gangsters. And then Simon gets shot by Tucker, who escapes. Alice takes Simon home with her, and he meets her cousin Winston , who works at USC Medical Center. Simon is still focused on taking the gang down. On the next day, Simon goes to Isaiah\'s house. Simon beats up Isaiah and two of his friends, and then Gary arrives. Simon forces Gary to admit that Shaw is the man behind everything. It was Shaw who killed Max. Gary explains that he was afraid to talk because Shaw threatened to kill his family. Shaw killed Max because Max witnessed a deal between Shaw and Tucker. That night, Shaw and Tucker meet with a drug dealer from New York at a warehouse. Simon silently pulls up to the warehouse. Simon gets out, and starts killing gangsters. Shaw kills the New York drug dealer, while Simon continues to kill gangsters. Simon is also targeting Shaw\'s men. After killing all of Tucker\'s men and all of Shaw\'s men, Simon confronts Shaw. Simon and Shaw engage in a brutal one-sided fight which leaves Shaw badly injured. As Simon has Shaw in a choke hold after giving him a vicious beating, Tucker walks in with a gun and stands there watching as Shaw repeatedly orders him to shoot Simon. Tucker ignores his commands. As Shaw moves towards unconsciousness, Simon fatally snaps his neck. As Simon stands before him unarmed, Tucker sarcastically remarks, "Now I know you ain\'t dumb enough to bring a fist to a gun fight" The instant Tucker finishes his words, Simon smoothly disarms Tucker, proclaiming "I am." Simon then turns then gun on Tucker stating that Tucker probably believes that he will kill him. However, he tells Tucker that his "beef" is not with him, hands Tucker the gun and walks away. Tucker is visibly impressed by Simon\'s cool display and delivers the final line of the movie saying, "That\'s gangster."'] ['Benjamin Franklin Gates  is a historian and amateur cryptologist, and the youngest descendant of a long line of treasure hunters. Though Ben\'s father, Patrick Henry Gates, tries to discourage Ben from following in the family line, as he had spent over 20 years looking for the national treasure, attracting ridicule on the family name, young Ben is encouraged onward by a clue, "The secret lies with Charlotte", from his grandfather John Adams Gates in 1974, that could lead to the fabled national treasure hidden by the Founding Fathers of the United States and Freemasons during the American Revolutionary War that was entrusted to his family by Charles Carroll of Carrollton in 1832 before his death to find, and protect the family name. In the present, with an expedition funded and led by Ian Howe, Ben and his friend, a computer expert, Riley Poole track down a Colonial ship that is trapped in Arctic ice, the Charlotte. Aboard the ship they discover a meerschaum pipe engraved with a Knights Templar riddle that Ben connects to an invisible map written by Timothy Matlack on the back of the Declaration of Independence. When Ian reveals he will go to any lengths to find this treasure including stealing the Declaration, Ben takes a stand against him. A fight ensues, during which spilled gunpowder is ignited. Ian escapes the ship, leaving it to explode before departing with his team. Ben and Riley are trapped inside but survive the explosion by hiding in a smugglers hold, and return to the United States determined to stop Ian. When Ben and Riley try to tell various authorities, including the FBI, and Dr. Abigail Chase at the National Archives, they dismiss their claims, considering the Declaration impossible to steal. Ben and Riley concoct their own plan to steal the Declaration during a gala event, and execute it just before Ian and his own team arrive. Abigail, suspicious of Ben\'s presence at the gala, becomes caught up with Ben and Riley as they escape from Ian and the authorities. Ben\'s identity is tracked to the theft, and they are forced to go to his father\'s home, much to Patrick\'s surprise and dismay. Ben and Abigail find an Ottendorf cipher on the back of the Declaration which, using the riddle on the pipe from the Charlotte, they connect to the Silence Dogood letters, written by Benjamin Franklin, at the Franklin Institute in Philadelphia. Decoding the message, it points to where the Liberty Bell was, they then head to the top of Independence Hall at a specific time 2:22 where the trio find a pair of spectacles with multiple colored lenses invented by Franklin that reveal additional clues on the back of the Declaration, "Heere at the Wall." The group is caught by Ian, and even though they split up, Riley and Abigail and the Declaration are caught by Ian, while Agent Peter Sadusky captures Ben, still with the glasses. Ian, under the guise of a prisoner exchange, lures the FBI into a trap aboard the USS Intrepid, allowing them to grab Ben. Holding Riley, Abigail, and Patrick hostage, Ian forces Ben to use the bifocals and find the next clue, which leads the group to Trinity Church in New York City. Beneath the church through a secret tunnel behind the coffin of Parkington Lane they find an enormous shaft with an elevator system. When walking down the stairs the shaft began to collapse a little but manage somehow. At the bottom of the shaft, they find a room lit only by a lantern, which Ben and Patrick trick Ian into thinking that it refers to Paul Revere\'s Ride, and indicates the treasure to be at the Old North Church in Boston. Ian and his men strand Ben, Riley, Abigail, and Patrick as they ascend to the surface, unaware that Ben has purposely tricked them. Ben pushes a button of the unfinished pyramid the all-seeing eye on the wall and opens a secret door to an empty room. Patrick apologizes to Ben and admits himself that the treasure is real. Ben believes there’s another way out to the surface and kept searching then found a strange keyhole and uses the pipe from the Charlotte to open yet another secret door to reveal the vast treasure trove, for which he has been searching his entire life, as well as a route to the surface. When the four ascend back to the church, Ben calls in Agent Sadusky, who reveals he is part of the Freemasons. Ben and Sadusky arrange a deal: with the safe return of the Declaration and identifying where Ian and his men can be found, Sadusky will clear all of their names; the treasure will be distributed among museums throughout the world, and the Gates family will receive credit for the discovery. Ian is captured by the FBI at the Old North Church and charged with kidnapping, attempted murder, and trespassing on government property. The film ends showing that Ben chose to accept from the US government only a 1% finder\'s fee for himself and his team. That is still enough to make him and his friends quite wealthy, given that Ben\'s estimated value of the find is US $10,000,000,000. In addition, Ben has begun a romantic relationship with Abigail and bought a mansion they will be living in, and Riley bought himself a Ferrari.'] ['Jang Do-young is a homicide detective who likes to use violence when dealing with criminals, while Oh Jin-woo is a prosecutor who believes in the importance of data and evidence. After the murder of his younger half-brother Do-young and Jin-woo meet when Do-young interrupts a stakeout in an attempt at vengeance. The unlikely duo join forces to bring gangster boss Yu Kang-jin to justice, but find that he is too well connected. Being unsuccessful in bringing Yu Kang-Jin to justice the duo turn to violence in order to bring him down.'] ['Former U. S. Army major, Paul Krenner , plans to conquer the world with an army of invisible soldiers and will do anything to achieve that goal. With the help of his hired muscle, Julian , Krenner forces Dr. Peter Ulof  to perfect the invisibility machine Ulof invented. He keeps Ulof’s daughter, Maria  imprisoned to keep Ulof in line. The nuclear materials Ulof needs to better his invisibility machine are extremely rare and kept under guard in government facilities. Krenner arranges the prison break of notorious safecracker, Joey Faust , to steal the materials he needs. Of course Faust will do the jobs while invisible. Krenner offers Faust money for the jobs and Faust expresses his grievances against working for him. Faust tells him that he’ll sing like a canary if he’s returned to prison. Krenner tells Faust that he’s wanted alive or dead. Faust reluctantly complies. However, when he meets Faust’s woman, Laura Matson , he slowly charms her into a double cross. Faust continues attempting to escape and tries to get one over on Krenner. It looks like he may have the edge on Krenner when Faust attacks Krenner while invisible. However, Dr. Ulof’s guinea pig dies and, during the second time he’s invisible, Faust uncontrollably reverts from invisible to visible and back again. Despite these drawbacks Faust forges ahead intent on breaking free from Krenner’s control.'] ["{{Plot}} A lone stranger named Ryder  comes into a small Texas town on his 1970s Harley-Davidson motorcycle. He's there for the funeral of his good friend J.J., a local Native American carpenter. Ryder spends his time in town reading the Bible while drinking straight tequila sans salt and lime. Ryder talks to J.J.'s sister Nancy . Nancy says that it's believed that J.J. drowned in a river, but J.J.'s teenage son Junior  doesn't believe that. Local businessman John Reno  introduces himself to Ryder, and Ryder gets a room at a local hotel. Reno tells Murphy , one of his employees, to keep an eye on Ryder. At the hotel, Sheriff Acoma , who seems to be alcoholic, tells Ryder that now that J.J.'s funeral is over, Ryder shouldn't still be in town. Ryder enters the local situation by beating up a group of Reno's thugs who are beating a local drug user named Billy  for not paying back money he owes to them. At Nancy's house, White Deer , the father of Nancy and J.J., talks to Nancy's 15-year-old daughter Kiowa , who is Junior's older sister. Kiowa believes that J.J., who was a member of the tribal council, was killed because he knew something about Reno. It looks like Reno is a tyrant who has the town under his stranglehold. Kiowa thinks that some of the tribal council members might be on Reno's side. White Deer, Nancy, Kiowa, and Junior go to a tribal council meeting, where two proposals will be decided on, and Reno is there. Chief Dan  announces that Assistant Chief Lance  has suggested that the council still discuss the Gaming 3 proposal—a proposal for the building of a state-of-the-art casino on tribal property by Assistant Chief Lance's construction group. That proposal would bring many new jobs and much revenue for the tribe's people, but the council is concerned with the many negative aspects of the proposal. For now, there's a very innovative on-line gaming alternative that was proposed by J.J. and his family. It's a proposal that offers more highly-skilled jobs and training for the tribe's people, and takes advantage of gaming profits without the negative aspects. That is the proposal that Dan will recommended to the council. Assistant Chief Lance gets angry and leaves. Reno tells Lance that he'll take care of things. Later, while Ryder is out walking, he's met by Billy. Billy tells Ryder that Reno runs the town, and that everyone's afraid of him. And then Billy tells Ryder that Reno had J.J. murdered. Nancy talks to Sheriff Acoma in his office, saying that something has to be done about Reno. Sheriff Acoma says that the last time he tried to investigate Reno, a judge quickly called the investigation off. A frustrated Nancy leaves Sheriff Acoma's office. Kiowa and Junior go to the Save More Grocery Store, and Kiowa goes inside and asks the clerk a question. The clerk said that J.J. came in and got a case of beer on the day of his death. But Kiowa knows that J.J. was not a drinker, and Reno is a drinker. Kiowa goes outside and sees some of Reno's thugs roughing Junior up. They tell Kiowa to tell Nancy to drop J.J.'s proposal that the tribal council is considering. They start roughing up Kiowa, and then Ryder shows up and beats them up. Ryder takes Kiowa and Junior to their home, and they invite him in for dinner. He accepts. During dinner, Junior says that as soon as he turns 18, he's going to leave the town and not end up like J.J. did. Outside, Kiowa talks to Ryder, and admits that she never knew her father, and that J.J. took care of her like he was the father she never had. That's why she misses him so much. That night, Billy witnesses a drug deal going down between Reno and some Mexican men down by the river that J.J. was found in. Reno has his men kill the Mexican men, and then Reno tells Murphy to find Billy and kill him. Later, Assistant Chief Lance tells Reno that there can be no more killing. Assistant Chief Lance says that Reno's ways of doing things attract too much attention. Assistant Chief Lance had told Reno that if he got J.J. out of the way, then Assistant Chief Lance would get approval to build the casino. Reno plans to kill Nancy and her family in order to make sure no one is in the way. On the next day, Ryder is teaching some of the Bible to some kids that White Deer regularly teaches, and Junior yells for Nancy to come down to the old camp ground near their home. Junior has found Billy, who was shot in the arm. They take Billy to the house, and some of Reno's men arrive. Ryder beats them up, and shoots up their vehicles. And then he makes them leave. Ryder has White Deer take Kiowa and Junior to a safe place, and White Deer says that he knows of a place that Reno doesn't know the location of. Ryder and Nancy find Sheriff Acoma, and tell him that Reno's men shot Billy because Billy witnessed the drug deal. Reno shows up and talks about filing assault charges against Ryder for beating his men up. Ryder accompanies Reno to a bar owned by Reno. Reno offers to let Ryder work for him, but Ryder refuses. One of Reno's men tries to beat Ryder up, but Ryder beats the man up, and shoots up Reno's bar. Ryder walks outside, and Reno follows him with a gun. Sheriff Acoma arrives and tells Reno to put the gun down. Reno and his men go back inside. That night, Reno calls a gang of bikers into town, and the gang is led by a man named Jarfe . They are the bikers that Reno is trying to get the casino built for, and Jarfe had also shot Ryder once before. Jarfe and his gang are also the biker gang that killed Nancy's husband, the father of Kiowa and Junior. By now, Billy is out in the town, and Jarfe finds him and fatally shoots him. Jarfe heads into the hotel that Ryder is staying in, and Jarfe and his men attack the hotel's owner. After that, Jarfe and his men kill a pair of arriving deputies. On the next day, Ryder heads out on his motorcycle. When Ryder gets into town, Jarfe sees him, and sends his men after him. Ryder starts killing Jarfe's men as they find him. Ryder gets some help from Hoss , a man who used to work for Reno. Sheriff Acoma finds Reno with his two main henchmen, Murphy and Gomez . Sheriff Acoma kills Murphy and Gomez, and knocks Reno to the floor. Ryder finds Jarfe and shoots him, using the gun that Jarfe shot Ryder with. And then he uses it to fatally shoot Jarfe in the head. Later, Sheriff Acoma locks Reno up, and Ryder leaves town."] ["After being stabbed with an ancient Tibetan amulet, a Bangkok firefighter named Chan is transformed into a superhero when his body becomes a massive heat source, which he learns to manipulate to give him super strength, increased agility and the ability to make great leaps. Chan's fate is entwined with an Afghan terrorist, Osama bin Ali, who wants the power of the Tibetan amulet to use in a plot to destroy the United States. With his international terrorist organization, led by henchwoman Areena, Osama kidnaps Chan's mother and transsexual sister  and takes them to the Royal Thai Navy base, where he hopes to launch a rocket at a US Navy chemical weapon ship. Osama also has suicide bombers spread out throughout Thailand, stationed in American franchises in Thailand, ready to act on his word. Aided by the young female guardian of the amulet, Chan rescues his mother and sister. However, he must face Areena, who has stabbed herself with a companion amulet, giving her the powers of extreme cold and ice."] ['It tells about four men on a bachelor party in New York who ride the subway and, along with two strippers from the club, accidentally get off at a station that closed down in the 1970s. Trapped in the tunnels beneath New York, they witness the murder of a transit cop by three psychotic transients and find themselves on the run for their lives.'] ['17-year old Sean Boswell  is a social outcast from Alabama in his high school in Arizona with a passion for vehicles. His parents got divorced when he was young, and he has a police record due to reckless driving with two offenses. To avoid solitary confinement, he and his mother move frequently. One afternoon after school, a local rich student named Clay , mocks Sean\'s 1971 Chevrolet Monte Carlo after seeing him talk to Clay\'s girlfriend, Cindy. Sean insults him about his "daddy\'s Viper", which causes Clay to throw a baseball to shatter the rear windshield of Sean\'s Monte Carlo. Sean challenges Clay to a street race, and Cindy offers herself as the prize. The racetrack is set at a construction site. Sean drives through an alley to catch up, and he drives through an unfinished house. He passes Clay, who retaliates by trying to run him off the road, damaging his Viper in the process. Sean T-bones Clay and he crashes into a cement pipe, but Sean loses control and he flips over several times, totaling his car. Both boys are convicted for illegal street racing and property damage. Because of his numerous brushes with the law in the past and tired of moving away all the time, Sean\'s mother sends him to Tokyo, to live with his dad, who is stationed there as a Navy officer. Upon arriving at his dad\'s home, he is warned by his dad not to stir up any trouble, and to not go anywhere near a car or he\'ll get deported back to the United States to go to jail. At his new school, Sean meets Twinkie ([[Bow Wow , an extremely business-minded fellow American immigrant, who sells pre-owned goods around the school, and he drives a custom-designed, but odd Hulk-themed 2004 Volkswagen Touran van. Twinkie introduces Sean to the drift racing scene in Tokyo at the parking lot reserved for street racers and audience. On the lot, Sean has a verbal confrontation with Takashi  – also known as "Drift King" or DK, because he was talking to DK\'s girlfriend, Neela , whom Sean met earlier in school. After the confrontation, Takashi challenges Sean to a race, and Han Seul-Oh , Takashi\'s business partner, lends him his Nissan Silvia S-15. Due to Sean\'s lack of knowledge on how to drift, he is defeated by Takashi\'s Nissan 350Z and his skills, and destroys the Silvia. Han warns him not to leave town. Sean is also confronted by his father, and Sean agrees again to stay away from racing. The next day, Han meets Sean after school with his Mazda RX7  and tells him that he must work for him to repay the damaging his vehicle. Han becomes Sean\'s friend and teaches him to drift, giving him a Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution IX  to represent Han in future races. Han explains to him that he is helping him because Sean is the only one who is unafraid of Takashi . Sean leaves his dad\'s house and bunks with Han, and learns that Han arrived in Tokyo to prevent conviction also. Sean soon masters drifting and gains some reputation after racing Takashi\'s right-hand man, Morimoto, and winning against him. Sean soon asks Neela out on a date, and learns she is an outsider because, when her mom arrived in Tokyo, she worked as a barmaid. After she died, DK\'s grandparents took Neela in, and she hooked up with DK. DK beats up Sean the next day, telling him to stay away from Neela. Angry after seeing Sean\'s bruises, Neela leaves Takashi, moving into Han\'s garage. One evening, Takashi\'s uncle Kamata , a high-ranking member of the local yakuza, visits him and informs Takashi that the business is not meeting expectations, and Takashi realizes that Han has been nabbing some of his merchandise. Later that night, Takashi and Morimoto arrive at Han\'s garage and confront Han, Sean, and Neela about the goods, and Takashi pulls out his gun and theatens to shoot at Han. Twinkie causes a distraction, and Han, Sean and Neela use the moment to escape from the garage, with Morimoto and Takashi in close pursuit. The driving continues throughout the Tokyo community, with Han in the lead, Sean and Neela behind him, with Morimoto and Takashi chasing them. Morimoto closes up and tries to T-bone Sean over the road, but he misses, avoiding traffic and collides with an oncoming driver, killing him instantly. Takashi continues along, and he manages to catch up with Sean, ramming him over the road. Han slams the brakes, switching the tables, with Sean heading on the front. Sean tries to help Han, but he finds himself in front of the large Shibuya square, honking to move the crowd, making a line to drift around the next corner. Takashi uses the moment and pulls an 180 spin, shooting on Han\'s windshield. Sean, noticing this, doesn\'t look at the traffic, and another driver rear-ends him. Meanwhile, Han pushes Takashi out of the road, and a oncoming car colides with him, flipping him over several times. Sean tries to help him, but Han\'s Mazda explodes, killing Han in the process. Horrified by this event, Sean and Neela retreat and get back to where Sean\'s dad lives, but Takashi shows up and attacks Sean. Sean gets the upper hand, but Takashi pulls his gun on him. Sean\'s father shows up on the scene, forcing Takashi to leave with Neela. Sean\'s father demands that Sean return to the United States, but Sean insists on staying to make things right. With help from Twinkie, Sean goes to the Yakuza neighborhood and returns Kamata\'s stolen money. Sean then proposes a race against Takashi to determine who will leave Tokyo. Kamata agrees to the challenge, but it will take place on DK\'s mountain, because he has been the only one to make it down all the way. The next day, Sean and Han\'s friends check Han\'s garage, but find that the police confiscated all of their cars, except for the Silva Sean crashed. Sean takes the 1967 Ford Mustang GT which his dad found, and remodels it with the help of Twinkie and the rest of the crew, using the engine components of Han\'s Silvia. The group restores the Mustang to the original shape. On the mountain, Han\'s crew and Takashi\'s crew show up, gathering signal through local video calls to watch the race. Kamata shows up with Neela. One of Kamata\'s men gives the signal to start the race. Although Takashi takes the lead in front, Sean passes him a couple of times, to which Takashi responds by ramming him multiple times, trying to scare him off the mountain road. As the race progresses, Takashi almost totals his car trying to stop Sean from winning, but Sean gains the lead at the end of the race, managing to turn just before finish line as Takashi tries to ram him, sending Takashi off the cliff. As Takashi\'s crew pulls him from the totaled car, Sean crosses the finish line. Neela reunites with Sean, and Kamata lets them both go. Months later, Sean is now the Drift King. One night, Twinkie informs Sean that he has a challenger to a race who has become well known around Asia. Sean accepts when Twinkie says the challenger knew Han, and that he was family to him. The challenger turns out to be none other than Dominic Toretto , who is driving "the Hammer", an old custom-built silver 1970 Plymouth Satellite. Sean, driving a Nissan Silvia like Han\'s - already knowing Dominic\'s reputation - tells him that this won\'t be a ten second race. Dominic responds with a smile and says that he has nothing but time. The film ends as both cars race off towards the first straight.'] ['Back in 1983 Mason Storm  is a Los Angeles police detective who is investigating a mob meeting taking place by a pier. He spies on them with a video camera and captures on tape a shadowy figure telling the other people that they can rely on his political support, emphasizing this by saying "And you can take that to the bank!" Storm is spotted but manages to get away. Driving home and unaware of another pair of cops listening in, Mason informs first his partner then his friend Lt. O\'Malley  that he has evidence of corruption, and will be bringing the tape to them soon. He goes into a store to get Champagne and a teddy bear to give to his son. The store is robbed, with one of the robbers shooting the clerk. Mason manages to stop them and afterwards goes home, intent on celebrating with his wife Felicia . Before he does anything else, Mason hides the tape in a small hole in his kitchen wall. When he goes upstairs, a hit squad composed of corrupt policemen, including Jack Axel  and Max Quentero , working for the politician, break in and proceed to murder Mason\'s wife and shoot him. Mason\'s young son Sonny,  manages to hide until the danger passes. At the same time, Storm\'s partner is shot by a masked assassin whilst seated beside his window. At the hospital, Mason is found to be alive, but in a coma. Lieutenant O\'Malley informs the medics to tell people that Mason died, to prevent anyone from coming back for him later. Mason is set up by the corrupt policemen as having murdered his wife and committed suicide.  Seven years later, Mason wakes from his coma. Andy , one of the two nurses monitoring him, makes a phone call, which is intercepted by one of the corrupt police officers who want to see Mason dead. They send Jack Axel to the hospital to finish the job and kill the nurses to whom Mason might have talked. Mason realizes that he is still in danger but his muscles have atrophied to where he can barely use his arms. He manages to get himself to an elevator, and when Andy sees her colleagues killed, she helps Mason escape from the hospital. Needing time to recuperate, Andy brings Mason to a friend\'s house, where Mason uses his knowledge of acupuncture, moxibustion and other meditation techniques to recover his strength. While training, Mason hears a commercial for Senator Vernon Trent ([[William Sadler  on television, who caps the commercial with the phrase, "And you can take that to the bank!" Recognizing the voice, Mason now knows who he has to go after to get his revenge and even mocks Trent\'s phrase by saying "I\'m gonna take you to the bank, Senator Trent. To the blood bank!". Mason contacts O\'Malley, who comes over with some weapons for Mason. O\'Malley tells Mason that his son is still alive - O\'Malley took Mason\'s son in and raised him, sending him to a private school so that he would be out of danger. O\'Malley then leaves. However, Senator Trent\'s men find the house where Mason and Andy are and attempt to kill them, but Mason manages to get them both out again. Mason then goes back to his old house. Posing as realtors looking to see if the house is one that can be put on the market, Mason breaks through the plaster in the kitchen to get the tape he hid. Mason then goes to meet O\'Malley in a train station, where O\'Malley brings Mason\'s now teenage son. They do not see each other, because as Mason arrives, O\'Malley is already dead having been shot  after giving the tape to Andy for safe-keeping while providing a distraction for Sonny  to get away. When Mason arrives, he sees his son running away from two of the corrupt officers . Mason catches up with the men, kills Max and saves his son and decides to go after Senator Trent at his home. At the Senator\'s mansion, Mason sneaks in and manages to take the Senator\'s men down one by one. Mason fights with Axel in the billiard room, ending with him jamming a pool stick into his neck. Mason finally manages to confront Senator Trent and holds him at gunpoint when the police storm the mansion. However, rather than arresting Mason, the police arrest Senator Trent and take him away. Mason is then reunited with Andy and his son and walk off as the image from the videotape is played, showing Trent coming out of the shadows briefly, wondering who it is that is taping him.'] ['Sascha Petrosevitch  is a car thief who\'s brought in by criminal Nick Frazier  to work for crime boss Sonny Eckvall , who apparently shot and killed Sascha\'s wife. FBI Special Agent Ellen "E. Z." Williams  and her team show up to nail Nick, but things go bad, and Sascha gets shot. After eight months of recovery following his brief bout of being clinically dead from the shooting, Sascha is incarcerated along with Nick in the newly reopened Alcatraz prison.  Run by the charismatic warden, Juan Ruiz "El Fuego" Escarzaga , the place is known for its new state of the art death chamber where the condemned can choose from five different ways to die—lethal injection, gas chamber, hanging, firing squad, or electric chair. Lester McKenna  is the first prisoner scheduled to be executed. An older man, he stole $200,000,000 worth of gold bricks in a heist that resulted in five deaths. Federal Bureau of Prisons head Frank Hubbard  and Supreme Court Justice June McPherson  have arrived to witness the execution, which is a result of June sentencing Lester. But she\'s not the only one interested in Lester. A small but well-equipped team of terrorists who call themselves the "49ers" have parachuted onto the island, and gained control of it. Led by 49er One, a.k.a. Hubbard\'s assistant Donny Johnson , and 49er Six , the team finds Lester, and they want him to give up the location of his hidden stash of gold. When Lester will not tell them, Donny shoots a nearby priest , and threatens to kill others if the information is not delivered. Donny\'s plan is disrupted, however, when Sascha decides to step in and fight back. It turns out that Sascha is actually an undercover FBI agent who has been trying to use Nick to get to Sonny Eckvall. When Sascha rescues Lester, the 49ers strap June to the electric chair and threaten to kill her, all while Ellen and her team prepare a rescue plan from the mainland. With the help of Nick and some of the other inmates such as Twitch  and Little Joe , Sascha sets out to rescue June and bring Donny down, before Alcatraz becomes everyone\'s final resting place.'] ['LAPD Sergeants Martin Riggs and Roger Murtaugh engage in a car chase with other LAPD detectives. When their objective crashes, Riggs and Murtaugh search the abandoned car and discover the trunk is full of gold Krugerrands , leading to the conclusion that the criminals in the pursuit are from Apartheid South Africa. Later that night, Arjen Rudd , the minister of affairs for the South African Consulate, orders his head of security Pieter Vorstedt  to warn Murtaugh and Trish at his home to cease the investigation around the Krugerrands. They do so, and in the wake of the attack on Murtaugh and his family, he and Riggs are reassigned to protecting a federal witness, Leo Getz , a loudmouthed accountant who decided to blow the whistle on his money laundering clients. A running gag in the film involves Murtaugh\'s daughter, who has appeared in a TV advertisement for condoms, embarrassing Murtaugh amongst his work colleagues. Mere moments after arriving at Getz\'s hotel room, an assassin posing as room service enters the room and tries to kill Getz. After falling out of the window into the hotel pool, Riggs and Murtaugh save Getz and discover he formerly laundered funds for the same drug smugglers. Getz leads them to the smugglers\' base of operations, a house on stilts. Riggs recognizes the assassin from the hotel, who then tries to make an escape by stealing a tow-truck parked outside the house. Riggs jumps onto the back of the tow truck, and Murtaugh and Getz chase after Riggs and the suspect. Later that day, Riggs and Murtaugh return to the house with full backup of detectives and uniform officers. Attempting to arrest the gang, Riggs and Murtaugh are confronted by Arjen Rudd and members of the South African Consulate. Vorstedt recognizes Riggs but before he can go any further, Rudd indignantly invokes diplomatic immunity on behalf of himself and his \'staff\', citing Riggs handling of the situation, "My dear officer, you could not even give me a parking ticket." Although ordered to leave Rudd and his associates alone, Riggs infiltrates the consulate\'s building and catches the name "Alba Varden," a name that appears familiar to Murtaugh. At the same time, Riggs begins to openly harass Rudd, and also begins a romance with Rudd\'s secretary, Rika van den Haas , who strongly dislikes both her boss and her country\'s policies. Riggs invites her to a dinner at his trailer and they end up sleeping together. Fed up with Riggs, Rudd orders Vorstedt to brutally murder the LAPD detectives investigating them. While guarding Getz, Murtaugh views an old birthday video and learns that Alba Varden is the name of a ship currently at the docks. He realizes that Rudd is planning to use the ship to smuggle his billions in drug money to Cape Town. At the same time Getz is kidnapped from Murtaugh\'s unguarded car, and Murtaugh is attacked by two of Vorstedt\'s men but manages to thwart them with a nail gun. On their part, Riggs and Rika manage to escape an attack in which Riggs\' trailer is shot up by Rudd\'s men via machineguns from two helicopters. When he returns Rika to her house, he is knocked out and captured by Vorstedt. Vorstedt confesses to murdering Riggs\'s wife years ago and drops him into the Los Angeles harbor in a straitjacket to drown. Riggs escapes by dislocating his shoulder , but finds Rika nearby, drowned. Vengeful, Riggs calls Murtaugh and announces that he is going after Vorstedt and Rudd. Leaving his own badge at the station, Murtaugh leaves to help him kill Vorstedt and Rudd. Meeting at Rudd\'s stilt house, Murtaugh heads inside to rescue Getz. Meanwhile, Riggs uses his truck to dislocate the stilts, causing the house to collapse just as Getz and Murtaugh escape. Because Murtaugh learned that the Alba Varden will leave for South Africa the next day, the sergeants go to the dock where the freighter is moored. They enter a cargo container and discover it is filled with millions in Rudd\'s drug money. When they are discovered and the cargo container is sealed, they use a Mercedes within the container to bust their way out. Riggs and Murtaugh rappel down ropes onto the deck of the Alba Varden, engaging the crew in a firefight and killing them one by one. Eventually, Riggs runs into Vorstedt, and they engage in a brutal hand-to-hand showdown, which ends with Riggs dropping a cargo container on Vorstedt, crushing him. Rudd appears from a balcony on the "Alba Varden" behind Riggs and shoots him before Murtaugh draws his gun and attempts to arrest the diplomat. Rudd holds up his ID and gloats, "Diplomatic immunity." Murtaugh shoots him in the head, replying: "It\'s just been revoked!", and afterwards tends to Riggs while the L.A.P.D. arrives.'] [' Following the events of Appleseed, ESWAT members Deunan Knute and Briareos Hecatonchires infiltrate a cathedral somewhere outside of Olympus and find European Union officials taken hostages. After rescuing the EU officials and destroying the cyborgs, ESWAT return to Olympus, where Briareos is confined to hospital until he recovers, while Deunan continues ESWAT work. When Deunan\'s commanding officer Lance introduces her to her new partner, Tereus, she is shocked as her partner resembles Briareos\' human form. Deunan confronts Lance for an explanation, and is given the tour of the new Bioroid production facility. During the tour, Hitomi, a bioroid that Deunan befriended during those events, is mentioned to now be a minister of political affairs. Here it is shown that Tereus is actually a Bioroid; a prototype for a whole new production line of Bioroids to be soldiers without negative emotions to impact their judgment in fighting. As his physical and mental strength was found to be most desirable in ESWAT, Briareos\' DNA was used mostly in Tereus\' design. Reluctantly, Deunan is partnered up with Tereus to evaluate his performance. While departing, Deunan encounters Hitomi and Hitomi gives her a ride home. Deunan notices that many Olympus citizens are wearing Connexus; a device on their ears which projects holographic data over the eyes. Deunan, Lance and Hitomi visit Briareos, still recovering in hospital. Here, Lance states that out of the last five terrorist incidents, four of them have been by groups composed solely of cyborgs, with transmitted signals from surrounding locations, thus suggesting that digitally vulnerable cyborgs are actually being manipulated to perform these acts. Because many of these cyborgs consist of parts made by Poseidon, a multinational industrial conglomerate, an emissary is sent to Prime Minister Athena. The emissary denies Poseidon blame, but Olympus still boycotts them, which Poseidon finds undesirable as other world powers may follow suit. Meanwhile, Hitomi hosts a birthday party, in which Deunan is happy to find Briareos attending now that he\'s fully recovered. Briareos meets Tereus for the first time - which makes him uncomfortable - but the two accept each other. Briareos also accepts Deunan\'s new partnership with Tereus, and has found someone other than Deunan to partner with, which upsets her. She storms off, but is eventually joined by Tereus, who displays many of Briareos\' personality traits, which by Deunan\'s own admission makes her feel "confused." The next day, Athena and an assemblage of world leaders discuss making a global security network by merging all the satellites worldwide to prevent terrorist attacks before they happen. ESWAT and the Olympus police forces set up barricades around the conference hall. ESWAT personnel pick up the broadcast of an unknown signal. Soon enough, a variety of vehicles and non-cybernetic humans begin to assault the conference, much to the confusion of ESWAT and the regular police. Even more strangely, at the same time, Aeacus kills an engineer on board an ESWAT transport, declaring, "We will all be one. I am Halcon" and destroys it to escape wearing his Land-Mate. Briareos rushes to the explosion, and initially tries to stop Aeacus but ends up killing him. As Deunan and Tereus arrive, Tereus uncovers the mysterious signal coming from robotic doves. Simultaneously, the unknown signal disappears, and the attackers collapse. A funeral is held sometime later for Aeacus. At the same time all the satellites are joined, Briareos is nearly run down by an unmanned vehicle. He stops it but suddenly goes berserk and hacks into a public terminal, crashing the main satellite control, forcing Olympus to switch to a backup. Briareos is hospitalized, with the unknown signal ruled out as the cause of his outburst. Briareos gets suspicious of his cyborg doctor, Richard Kestner, who operated on him after his accident. He has Hitomi look up Kestner\'s files, learning that he once worked with Poseidon\'s Halcon Laboratories - but all records of his project are mysteriously erased. Briaereos breaks out and tracks down Kestner, who confesses that he is part of a plan to "unify" humanity through erasing individuality, to which he attributes the source of human conflict. He then reveals that he secretly injected Briareos with nanites designed to take control of his body when his adrenaline heats up. Kestner then commits suicide before the police arrive, making them think that Briareos killed him. Briareos escapes, but is cornered by Tereus. Deunan arrives just on scene with an antidote designed to suppress the nanites. The virus Kestner placed in the backup network takes control of the satellites and, through these satellites, all people linked to the Connexus, compelling them to riot against Olympus. Believing that Poseidon knows something about all this, Briareos, Tereus and Deunan track down a Poseidon convoy to learn about Halcon. As they discover, Halcon was once the leading scientific laboratory until they started mind control experiments, which Poseidon was forced to end when the project lead Elizabeth Xander was killed in an accident. Poseidon assists the ESWAT officers in infiltrating the fortress where the Halcon signal is transmitting. Once they are in the control center, they discover that Xander was resurrected as a cyborg to control all those linked to the Connexus. Deunan manages to briefly free her from Halcon control with the last syringe of antidote. With little time before the virus retakes control, Xander frees all the enthralled before pleading Deunan to kill her, which she does so with great reluctance. The heroes then escape the collapsing fortress and return to Olympus.'] ["Sung Tse-Ho  works for the Triad, whose principal operation is printing and distributing counterfeit US bank notes. Ho is a respected member of the organization and is entrusted the most important transactions. Mark Lee , another high-ranking member of the group, is his best friend and partner in crime. Ho has a younger brother, Kit , who aspires to become a police officer. Ho keeps his criminal life secret from his brother and encourages Kit's career choice. However, Ho's father is aware of Ho's criminal activities and appeals to him to go straight, lest he end up in conflict with his younger brother one day. Ho is sent to Taiwan by the boss to complete a deal. Shing , a new member, is sent along as an apprentice. The deal turns out to be a trap by the Taiwanese gang. A shootout ensues in which Ho and Shing flee, pursued by local law enforcement. Ho eventually surrenders to the police in order to buy time for Shing to escape. After reading about Ho's capture in the newspaper, Mark finds and kills the Taiwanese gang leader and his bodyguards. However, Mark's leg is shot in the gunfight, leaving him crippled. While Ho is in prison, Kit and his father are attacked by an assassin; in the struggle, Kit's father is killed. Just before dying, he pleads with Kit to forgive his brother. Ho is released from prison three years later. Remorseful and determined to start a new life, he finds work as a driver for a taxi company, run by another ex-con. Ho spots Mark during one of his shifts; in contrast to Mark's letters, he realizes in horror that Mark has been reduced to an errand boy and janitor for Shing . During an emotional reunion, Mark asks Ho to return to his underworld lifestyle to take revenge on Shing and reclaim their positions in the organization, but Ho refuses. Ho seeks Kit out and attempts to reconcile with his brother , but is rebuffed by Kit, who sees Ho as nothing but an criminal who is responsible for their father's death. Additionally, Kit is resentful that his familial tie to Ho is preventing him from advancement in the department. In an effort to prove himself to his superiors and further distance himself from the stigma of his brother's criminal past, Kit becomes obsessed with bringing down Shing's criminal group, despite Ho's warnings to stay away from the dangerous case. Shing finds Ho and presses him to come back to his organization, offering to reinstate Mark if he returns. Ho flatly refuses. Consequently, Shing begins harassing and threatening Ho in order to get him to return, including attacking his co-workers at the taxi company, and having Mark beaten severely. Ho is dismayed but is still hesitant to take action. Meanwhile, Kit learns of a major deal being conducted by Shing and plans to take independent action against the criminals. Ultimately, Shing's escalating violence against his friends, a desire to protect his brother, and an impassioned speech by Mark finally convince Ho to join Mark in taking revenge on Shing. Ho and Mark steal incriminating evidence from the counterfeiting business and use it to ransom Shing in exchange for money and an escape boat. However, Ho has given the evidence to Kit's girlfriend to hand to the police. Using Shing as a hostage, Ho and Mark take the money to a pier, intending to escape in the boat. It is revealed that it was Shing who betrayed Ho three years ago in Taiwan. Meanwhile, acting on his earlier information, Kit arrives on the scene intending to make an arrest but is captured by Shing's men. Even though he is free to escape, Ho decides to return to save Kit and asks Mark to leave on his own. Ho returns and offers to exchange Shing for Kit, but the trade explodes into a wild shootout. Ho and Kit are wounded and pinned down, but saved by Mark, who turned the boat around out of loyalty to Ho. After killing many of Shing's men, Mark berates Kit, telling him that Ho's actions had atoned for whatever wrongdoings he had done in the past. Mark is in turn killed by Shing. As the police approach, Shing mocks Ho , stating that his money and power will ensure his swift release. Kit, finally seeing eye to eye with his brother, hands Ho a loaded revolver, with which Ho kills Shing. Immediately afterwards, Ho handcuffs himself to Kit, expressing his desire for redemption and his admiration that Kit always walked the right path. Kit smiles tearfully. Now reconciled, the brothers walk together towards the gathered crowd of police."] ["The film is about a group of Las Vegas sexy showgirls who are undercover agents working with a former C.I.A. agent  to stop a terrorist attack. The film takes its name from the Riveria hotel and casino's showgirls show, and includes scenes showing the hotel and the bronzed thong and butt sculpture. In one scene drag queens dressed as Cher, Marilyn Monroe, and Michael Jackson are seated in the audience."] ['Paul Kersey  has come back to Brooklyn after being banned since the events of the first film to visit his Korean War buddy friend Charley, who is attacked by a gang in his apartment. The neighbors hear commotion and call the police. Paul arrives as Charley collapses dead in his arms. The police mistakenly arrest Paul for the murder. At the police station, chief Richard Shriker  recognizes Paul as "Mr. Vigilante". Shriker lays down the law before Paul is taken to a holding cell. In the same cell is Manny Fraker , leader of the gang who attacked and killed Charley. He and Paul fight. When he is released, Manny threatens Paul. Manny arrives on his “gang turf” and slashes fellow gang member Hector , possibly for betrayal. The police receive daily reports about the increased rate of crime. Shriker offers a deal to Paul -- to kill all the punks he wants, as long as he informs Shriker of any gang activity he hears about so the police can get a bust and make news. Paul moves into Charley\'s apartment in a gang-turf war zone. The building is populated by elderly tenants terrified of Manny\'s gang. They include Bennett Cross , a World War II veteran and Charley’s good buddy, plus Mr. and Mrs. Kaprov, an elderly Jewish couple, and a young Hispanic couple, Rodriguez  and his wife Maria . After a few violent muggings, Kersey goes into action. He buys a used car as bait. When two gang members try to break into the car, Kersey shoots them with a .38 Colt Cobra revolver. Kersey twice protects Maria from the gang, but is unable to save her a third time. She is raped and later dies as a result of her injuries. Kersey orders a new gun, a .475 Wildey Magnum. He spends the afternoon with Bennett handloading ammunition for it. He then tests the gun when The Giggler  steals his camera bag. Paul is applauded by the neighborhood as Shriker and the police take the credit. Kersey also throws a gang member off a roof. A possible love interest develops with public defender Kathryn Davis . She is moving out of the city and Kersey offers to take her to dinner. While waiting in his car, Kathryn is knocked unconscious by Manny and the car is pushed into oncoming traffic. It slams into another car and explodes, killing Kathryn. . Shriker places Kersey under protective custody, fearing he is in too deep. Bennett takes matters into his hands with a German MG-42. After his taxi shop is blown up, he tries to get even but his gun jams. The gang cripples Bennett. Kersey is taken by Shriker to the hospital, where he escapes after Bennett tells him where to find a .30 Browning M1919 machine gun. Kersey and Rodriguez collect weapons. They proceed to mow down many of the criminals before running out of ammo. Other neighbors begin fighting back as Manny sends in more reinforcements. Shriker decides to help and he and Kersey take down much of the gang together. Kersey goes back to the apartment to collect more ammo, but Manny finds him there. Shriker arrives just in time and shoots Manny, who falls to the floor, apparently dead. Shriker is wounded in the arm . As Kersey calls for an ambulance, Manny rises  and turns his gun on the two men. As Shriker distracts him, Kersey uses a mail-ordered M72 LAW rocket launcher to obliterate Manny. As Manny\'s girlfriend screams in horror, what remains of the gang rush to the scene and see Manny\'s smoldering remains. One of the other gang members attempts to retaliate, but Manny\'s girlfriend stops him. Surrounded by the angry crowds of neighbors ready to fight back even more, the gang realizes they\'ve lost and flee the scene. As the neighbors cheer in celebration and with police sirens in the distance, Shriker gives Kersey a head start. Kersey gives a look of appreciation and takes off.'] ["Flanked by buddy Sparks Johnson  on the ground, and co-pilot Lucas  in the air, Major Jack Holloway  mans Uncle Sam's top-secret Phoenix fighter jet. While Holloway's mentor, General William Jacobs , keeps FBI agents Lock  and Load  from snooping into his pet project, Holloway and Sparks enjoy some R&R with Holloway's wife Jessica  and daughter Nicole . It turns out Lucas is an operative for an intra-military right-wing group and, temporarily assuming Holloway's identity, he steals the Phoenix. Branded a pariah, Holloway not only gets court-martialed but he's also nearly obliterated when his prison transport is ambushed. Holloway, determined to clear his name, escapes. After he touches base with his family, extremist soldiers shoot Jessica and later kidnap Nicole. No sooner does Sparks convince Lock and Load of Holloway's innocence than Lucas guns them down and kidnaps Sparks. Jacobs tells Holloway that if he ever wants to see Nicole alive again, Holloway must bomb the White House."] ['James Bond is sent to Siberia to locate the body of 003 and recover a microchip that 003 had previously retrieved from the Soviet Union. He succeeds, but is ambushed and flees in a submarine disguised as an iceberg. Q analyses the microchip, establishing it to be a copy of one designed to withstand an electromagnetic pulse and made by government contractor Zorin Industries. Bond visits Ascot Racecourse to observe the company\'s owner, Max Zorin. Zorin\'s horse wins a race but proves hard to control. Sir Godfrey Tibbett, a horse trainer and MI6 agent, believes Zorin\'s horse was drugged although tests proved negative. Through Tibbett, Bond meets French private detective Achille Aubergine who informs Bond that Zorin is holding a horse sale later in the month. During their dinner at the Eiffel Tower, Aubergine is assassinated by Zorin\'s bodyguard May Day, who jumps off of the tower with a parachute. Bond chases, but fails to apprehend her. Bond and Tibbett travel to Chantilly, France to stay at Zorin\'s estate for the horse sale. Bond is puzzled by a woman who rebuffs him and finds out that Zorin has paid her a very large sum of money. At night, Bond and Tibbett break into Zorin\'s laboratory learning that he is implanting adrenaline-releasing devices in his horses. Zorin identifies Bond as an agent, has May Day assassinate Tibbett and then attempts to have Bond killed too. General Gogol of the KGB confronts Zorin for killing Bond without permission revealing that Zorin was initially trained and financed by the KGB, but has now gone rogue. Zorin unveils to a group of investors his plan to destroy Silicon Valley which will give him – and his potential investors – a monopoly over microchip manufacture. Bond goes to San Francisco where he learns from CIA agent Chuck Lee that Zorin could be the product of medical experimentation with steroids performed by a Nazi scientist, now Zorin\'s henchman Dr. Carl Mortner, who took refuge in the Soviet Union after World War II. He then investigates a nearby oil rig owned by Zorin and while there finds KGB agent Pola Ivanova recording conversations and her partner placing explosives on the rig. Ivanova\'s partner is caught and killed, but Ivanova and Bond escape. During an evening together Ivanova takes the recording but later finds out that Bond had switched tapes leaving her with a recording of traditional Japanese music. Bond tracks down the woman Zorin attempted to pay off, State Geologist Stacey Sutton, and posing as a journalist he establishes that Zorin is trying to buy her family oil business, then later rescues her from Zorin henchmen during an intimidation attempt on her. The two travel to San Francisco City Hall to check Zorin\'s plans, however Zorin is alerted to their presence and arrives only to kill the Chief Geologist with Bond\'s gun, then set fire to the building in order to both frame Bond for the murder and kill him at the same time. Bond and Sutton escape from the fire, but when the police try to arrest Bond, they escape in a fire engine. Bond and Sutton infiltrate Zorin\'s mine, discovering his plot to detonate explosives beneath the lakes along the Hayward Fault and the San Andreas Fault, which will cause them to flood. A larger bomb is also on site in the mine to destroy a "geological lock" that prevents the two faults from moving at the same time. Zorin and his security chief Scarpine flood the mines and murder the mine workers. Sutton escapes while Bond fights May Day; when she realises Zorin abandoned her, she helps Bond remove the larger bomb, putting the device onto a handcar and pushing it out of the mine. May Day stays on the car to hold the faulty brake lever, sacrificing herself as the bomb explodes. Zorin, who had escaped in his airship with Scarpine and Mortner, abducts Sutton. Bond grabs hold of the mooring rope as the airship ascends. Zorin tries to kill Bond by flying him into the Transamerica Pyramid, then the Golden Gate Bridge, but Bond manages to moor the airship to the bridge framework. Stacey attacks Zorin and in the fracas, Mortner and Scarpine are temporarily knocked out. Stacey flees and joins Bond, but Zorin attacks them with an axe. The ensuing fight culminates with Bond sending Zorin falling to his death. Finally, Mortner attacks Bond using sticks of dynamite, but drops a stick in the cabin, blowing up the airship and killing himself and Scarpine. In the aftermath, Q sends out a remote sensing robot to track down Bond – who has been missing since the airship exploded – and finds him with Sutton in her shower. Bond sees the device and throws a towel over the mounted camera, much to Q\'s exasperation.'] ['Erich Dengler, the son of Manferd Dengler , poses as an Art Collector, Eric Dane, in order to take over the Holman Museum where he holds the occupants including Sharon Bell and Jack Terry who are shooting a film. Dengler attempts to unleash a lethal nerve gas bomb which threatens the safety of the world. His plan is to sell the rest of the nerve gas to the highest bidder. Jack and Sharon make it their business to stop him.'] ['After a successful amphibious insertion, the Marines begin to prepare for combat against the local rebels in the Philippines. While making a routine fly-by, a UH-1 Huey helicopter, carrying some Philippine troops and Marines, is shot down by the rebels. Of the occupants is Captain Amy Jennings  and Major Aguinaldo . Jennings and Aguinaldo escape the wreckage, and try to flee from the pursuing rebels. Meanwhile, a rescue team is dispatched to save Jennings and Aguinaldo but is shot down by AA fire. Lt. Daniel  and his fireteam continue onward to find Captain Jennings and Major Aguinaldo. Jennings and Aguinaldo are captured by the rebels, and taken to a village. There, Jennings tries to escape, but is caught. The following morning, Aguinaldo is executed by the rebel leader. They take Jennings to their headquarters. Gen. Frank Lewis  is in charge of the Marine Corps on the island, and receives hell from the higher ranking Marine Corps officials, regarding the captured Jennings. The Rescue team approaches the village, and learns that the rebels have moved Jennings to their HQ. They begin following the rebels. Jennings is forced by the rebels to tell the United States  that the Marines must leave the island; but she refuses. In response, the rebels torture her. After battling several rebels, the Rescue Team of Marines link up with Philippine troops, and battle the remaining rebels in the HQ. They rescue Jennings and demo  in an anthrax lab to eliminate the threat of chemical warfare. They escape from the blast. But the rebel leader survives and crawls out and curses them and raises his gun. Jennings shoots him dead. The film ends with Lt. Daniels and a Filipino attached to him mourning the loss of their soldiers on a beach.'] ['A group of rogue Force Recon Marines led by disenchanted Brigadier General Frank Hummel  seize a stockpile of deadly VX gas–armed rockets from a heavily guarded military bunker, reluctantly leaving one of their men to die in the process, when a bead of the gas falls and breaks. The next day, Hummel and his men, along with more renegade Marines  seize control of Alcatraz during a guided tour and take 81 tourists hostage in the prison cells. Hummel threatens to launch the stolen rockets against the population of San Francisco unless the government pays ransom and reparations to the families of Recon Marines,  who died on illegal, clandestine missions under his command and whose deaths were not honored. The Pentagon and FBI develop a plan to retake the island with a Navy SEAL Team, enlisting the bureau\'s top chemical weapons specialist, Dr. Stanley Goodspeed , who initially thinks he\'s consulting the team, but soon learns that he has to accompany the SEALs due to his specialisation in chemical warfare. Goodspeed\'s confidence, already shaky as he received only minimal training in combat, is further tested when his fiancee Carla reveals that she is pregnant. Recognizing that any surface approach will be seen by Hummel\'s men, FBI Director James Womack ([[John Spencer  is forced to turn to federal prisoner John Mason , a former MI6 Agent and SAS Captain who has been illegally detained for decades by Womack and his predecessors. Mason is the only Alcatraz inmate ever to escape through the prison\'s uncharted tunnels, doing so in 1963, one year after imprisonment. Although Goodspeed manages to convince Mason to cooperate with the FBI in return for a pardon from the US Attorney General, Womack reneges on the deal. While in custody, Mason takes Womack hostage to escape, and takes a Hummer H1, while Goodspeed steals a Ferrari F355 and after the wild chase around the streets, Mason escapes. He leaves to see his estranged daughter Jade , who is the only proof that he exists. Goodspeed arrives and reveals to Jade that he is aiding the FBI. Womack initially only wants Mason to consult the SEALs, as he confides to Special Agent Ernest Paxton ([[William Forsythe  that he does not want Mason loose, but the FBI have no choice but to let Mason accompany the SEALs since he has committed the maps to memory. The team infiltrates Alcatraz, through the underground tunnels with Mason\'s guidance. The SEALs however are surrounded and gunned down by Hummel\'s marines in a shower room after SEAL Commander Anderson  refuses to surrender , leaving only Mason and Goodspeed alive when they remained in the tunnels while the SEALs confronted the marines. Paxton plans to abort the mission, but Womack agrees to let them continue saying that Mason and Goodspeed are their last hope. Mason attempts to leave the prison, but Goodspeed manages to convince him to help him defuse the rockets, since Mason\'s daughter is at risk from the rockets. Using Mason\'s knowledge of the prison, they quietly eliminate several small teams of marines and disable 12 of the 15 rockets, until Hummel threatens over the loudspeaker to execute a hostage if the remaining "Navy SEALs" do not surrender and return the guidance chips from the rockets. Only Mason surrenders to Hummel, trying to buy Goodspeed some time. Though Goodspeed manages to disable another rocket, the Marines capture him shortly thereafter. With the incursion team lost, the military readies a backup plan: an air strike by F/A-18\'s with Thermite plasma, which will neutralize the poison gas but kill everyone on the island including the hostages. As Mason uses his unique experience to escape from their cells, he reveals why he was held there for so many years — for stealing a microfilm of the United States\' most closely guarded secrets, including the Roswell UFO incident and the John F. Kennedy assassination . Mason states he didn\'t return it, because he knew the FBI would "suicide" him, if he did. While Goodspeed and Mason search for the final two rockets, Hummel fires one of them but changes the coordinates at the last second causing the rocket to crash harmlessly out to sea. Facing Captains Frye and Darrow\'s  frustration, Hummel explains that their bluff failed and that he refuses to harm innocent civilians. He orders them to exit Alcatraz with a few hostages and the remaining VX rockets to cover their retreat, while he\'ll stay, personally assuming blame. Realizing that they will not be paid their $1 million apiece, Frye and Darrow, along with Sergeant Crisp , decide mutiny against Hummel and his second-in-command, Major Tom Baxter ([[David Morse . With Mason and Goodspeed watching from afar, Crisp attempts to secure Hummel on Darrow\'s orders, but fails as the General is able to hold the SNCO at gunpoint. When Baxter is asked to take a side, he appears to side with Frye, Darrow and Crisp. The Major says what a privilege it was serving with Hummel, then fires at the three rogues. In the ensuing firefight, Crisp is killed by Hummel but Baxter is killed while Hummel is fatally wounded and pulled away by Mason. Darrow and Frye proceed with the plan to fire on San Francisco. With his last breath, Hummel tells Goodspeed the location of the last rocket. As the jets approach, Darrow is killed when Goodspeed fires the last disarmed rocket into him, launching the Marine outside where he falls and is impaled on a fencepost. Goodspeed stows the last gas pearls from the warhead and takes a loose one, but is then attacked by Frye who begins to strangle Goodspeed to death. Using the VX to defend himself, Goodspeed shoves the gas pearl into Frye\'s mouth and gives him an uppercut to the jaw, breaking the pearl and exposing both of them to the gas. Goodspeed injects himself in the heart with atropine as Frye dies from the VX gas. Goodspeed then lights green flares to signal that the threat is over, but only after one of the pilots fires, sending Goodspeed flying into the sea. The early detonation hits the back of the island and harms no one else. Mason reappears to pull the unconscious Goodspeed to shore. When he recovers, Goodspeed tells Mason that Womack tore up his pardon, which Mason expected. When radioed, Goodspeed states that Mason is dead. Goodspeed tells Mason to go to his hotel room, take a change of clothes and $200 he stashed and run. Mason thanks Goodspeed, and gives him a note that holds the location of where he had stashed the microfilm. When the FBI arrives, Goodspeed is asked about Mason and says the man was "vaporized." Paxton simply grins, suspecting otherwise as he, too, sympathizes with Mason. Goodspeed and his pregnant bride Carla  visit Fort Walton, Kansas, recovering the microfilm with a half-century of state secrets, including who actually killed John F. Kennedy.'] ["When protagonist Derek Washington  was just a child, he witnessed his father's murder. Because of this, he became very afraid of blood. However, when a sting operation to find a counterfeiter named Gustoff Slovak  goes wrong, Derek is forced to face his fear: blood. The operation backfires, resulting in a massacre that leaves Derek's team wiped out. Derek reaches the shocking conclusion that Slovak is actually a vampire, and joins forces with a weapons expert named Master Kao . Kao is the last in a long line of vampire hunters, and agrees to train Derek in this ancient art of vampire slaying. However, in order to defeat Slovak, Derek must become a vampire assassin."] ['After allowing fugitive Dominic Toretto  to evade arrest (in [[The Fast and the Furious , former LAPD officer Brian O\'Conner  finds himself on the run from LAPD and FBI and leaves Los Angeles, California to start a new life. He travels along the U.S., racing against the locals using a silver Nissan Skyline GT-R R34 and the driving skills he learned as a member of Toretto\'s now disbanded crew, earning money for the trip. After traveling for few days, he arrives in Miami, Florida. There, he makes new friends with Tej Parker , an ex-street racer and organizer who leads a top racing garage and is the man-to-know in Miami, and Jimmy , a well-known car tuner who works with Tej, as well as Suki , also a street racer, and now lives in a small cot near his garage. Brian has now modified his Skyline to top grade. He has also added details and under glow lights to give it a stunning look. He takes his skyline to the streets of Miami, and after a while he is given the credit of being the best racer there is. One night after winning a race, he is caught by US Customs agents after his car is disabled by the grappling hook-like ESD  deployed by U.S. Customs Agent Markham . He is arrested and his former boss FBI Agent Bilkins  makes a deal with him, saying that if he accepts to take part in a mission, his criminal record will be wiped clean. O\'Connor and Bilkins then travel to Barstow, California, where O\'Connor persuades his childhood friend and ex-convict Roman Pearce  to help him. Their mission involves working undercover as street racers for Argentinian drug lord Carter Verone , with help from Monica Fuentes , an undercover U.S. Customs agent who has become Carter\'s love interest. Pearce and O\'Connor win an "audition" race and are selected for Verone\'s job, a money laundering run. Once O\'Connor and Pearce embark on the mission with Verone\'s money in their cars\' trunks, and two of Verone\'s henchmen riding along, police are called in. O\'Connor and Pearce lead the police to a warehouse complex, which the police surround. Tej, Jimmy and Suki, and many other street racers, create a diversion that allows O\'Connor and Pearce to sneak away in different cars and continue their mission. Verone tries to escape aboard his yacht with Monica, informing her that he knew she was an undercover U.S. Customs agent. O\'Connor and Pearce get rid of Verone\'s henchmen and stop the yacht. Verone is arrested and the duffle bags carrying his drug money are recovered, save for an undisclosed amount having been taken by O\'Connor and Pearce.'] ['After an ex-gangster named Wang-jae  is killed by a gang of punks, his four childhood friends come back together for the first time in nearly twenty years. Each of them has gone different ways, Tae-soo a detective, Pil-ho a powerful mobster who once worked with Wang-jae, Seok-hwan  a reformed mobster and his brother Dong-hwan a math teacher. They reminisce about times gone, their mischievous teen years, and a pact they made on a school picnic. Young Wang-jae made a snake tonic and buried the bottle, vowing that twenty years later they would all gather and drink it after they became wealthy men. After the funeral both Tae-su and Seok-hwan deal with their grief by investigating the murder. While on the case Tae-su is attacked by a massive gang of youths, who use baseball bats, hockey sticks, and even yo-yo\'s as weaponry. Tae-su barely escapes with help from Seok-hwan, and the two team up, taking their revenge on the crazies the next day. After hunting the gangs down one by one and beating the tar out of them, they discover that Wang-jae\'s death wasn\'t a random attack but actually planned. After capturing one of the murderers, they find out that Wang-jae was actually targeted by his once good friend Pil-ho who he fell out with during negotiations to turn their city into a tourist district. After giving the murderer protection so he can testify against Pil-ho, the killer killed by an assassin who douses him in gasoline and lights him on fire. Tae-su, realizing there\'s no legal way to take Pil-ho down, faces off with him, but is beaten by his bodyguards, and only left alive out of some sort of pity. At the same time Seok-hwan and his mother and brother are hit by a truck. Seok-hwan survives but his family is dead, killed by Pil-ho\'s men. The two nearly destroyed men meet at the funeral, where Wang-jae\'s widow who is also Pil-ho\'s sister gives them information that they can use to seek their revenge. The two friends, no longer bound by the law, storm Pil-ho\'s fortress during the negotiations for a casino, only armed with a pair of wooden bokken. They fight their way through a sea of cooks with butcher knives, a long hallway lined with bodyguards, a man with a katana and finally four of Pil-ho\'s elite guards with hands and feet. Pil-ho, having bludgeoned the president he was meeting with after being insulted by him, faces the exhausted men, and easily crushes both of them. He stabs Tae-su, ignoring Seok-hwan who binds the katana to his hand with bandages and stabs Pil-ho through the chest, killing him. Tae-su bleeds to death, and Seok-hwan, merely kneels among the carnage they have wrought, uttering only "fuck." The film ends with the young versions of themselves walking back from the School Picnic, talking about their future. They talk about coming back for the snake tonic when they become rich men. "Don\'t worry" one of them says "we won\'t amount to much anyway!"'] ["New Orleans journalist Donna Stiles  is in her home one night, preparing to take a shower, when a man sneaks into her home and kills her. Donna's father, mayor David Stiles ([[Charles Napier , calls on Donna's former fiancee, cop-turned-bounty hunter Mace , to stop chasing bail-jumpers and bring in the killer. Mitch McCallum , who once dated Donna, with disastrous results, and is now accused of the murder, insists that he is innocent. Mace has an uneasy relationship with the regular police force, especially Detective Atkins . Mace tackles his mission wholeheartedly until Mitch is nearly killed by a bomb planted in his home. Mace and Mitch are ambushed and pursued; they barely escape, accompanied by Sarah , a hooker who witnessed the attacks and must go into hiding with Mace and Mitch. Mace threatens Bernie , a bail bondsman, with a baseball bat to find out who posted Mitch's bond and wanted him killed out on the street. After Mace leaves Bernie's office, Atkins uses the same bat to beat Bernie to death, setting Mace up to be blamed for Bernie's death. {{Quote box}} Later, Mitch saves Mace from a gunman in his hotel room. Mace figures out that Mitch has been framed by Deputy Mayor Bob Jenkins , who had Donna killed so he could steal a disc from her computer, fill it with false accusations of incest, then use the disc to blackmail Mayor Stiles into refusing to run for office again, because Jenkins is tired of playing second fiddle to Mayor Stiles. Atkins has been working for Jenkins. Jenkins admits to Mayor Stiles that Jenkins is the mastermind behind Donna's murder as Atkins pursues Mace, Mitch and Sarah across the bayou, finally cornering them in a clip joint, where Mace uses a giant dart to kill Atkins. Jenkins takes Stiles hostage and demands safe passage out of the city. Jenkins shoots Mayor Stiles in the shoulder, and a helicopter arrives for Jenkins, who releases Mayor Stiles and gets on the helicopter. Disguising himself as Jenkins's pilot, Mace parachutes to safety just before the helicopter slams into a skyscraper, causing an explosion that kills Jenkins."] ['{{Plot|dateThe XX"wikitable" |- !Number !! Name !! Position |- | align"center"|II || Calvin Wax || Chief of Staff |- | align"center"|IV || Jasper Winthrow || CEO of Winthrow Electronics |- | align"center"|VI || ??? || ??? |- | align"center"|VIII || ??? || ??? |- | align"center"|X || ??? || ??? |- | align"center"|XII || Mongoose || Assassin |- | align"center"|XIV || Agent Kohn || Prison Interrogator |- | align"center"|XVI || ??? || ??? |- | align"center"|XVIII || ??? || ??? |- | align"center"|XX || Unnamed Woman || U.S. Customs Official |}'] ['In early 1939, before the start of World War II, Sir Robert Hunter  takes aim at Adolf Hitler with a high-powered rifle, but misses when he is spotted and tackled by an SS guard. Captured and tortured by the Gestapo, he is then left for dead, but manages to make his way back to England where, to his shock, he discovers the Gestapo has followed him. Believing that the government would, in all likelihood, turn him over to German authorities, Sir Robert goes underground  to escape his pursuers.'] ['The story of Diamond Dogs concerns a group of American fortune hunters who hire a mercenary called Xander Ronson  to act as their guide and bodyguard, while they search for a priceless Buddhist artifact deep within the Chinese wilderness. They get more than they bargained for, however, as they come face to face with Russian mercenaries also after the artifact.'] ["Stephanie Komack was a big-class hooker and assassin for the Italian Mob. She now was working in London as a waitress, and a single mother to her seven year old daughter, the Mob tracks Stephanie down and persuade her to do one final job. That when the hit goes wrong and Stephanie soon realises the reality of her failure. They snatch her daughter as punishment, but didn't figure on Stephanie's capacity for revenge. Inspired by true events,"] ["Mike Varga  is an FBI agent with Hungarian roots and a gypsy origin. For a new investigation, Varga is sent to Budapest, to be an infiltrator in the Russian mafia and especially, to get close to the brutal mafia boss Darius Paskevic  and get rid of his series of crimes. However, Varga gets into trouble, when he falls in love with Paskevic's daughter ."] ['A group of women with traumatic pasts who have been wronged by various men or groups are taken under the protection of a slightly older woman , herself once beaten to a miscarriage. She trains these once mistreated women as professional killers, using their looks to get close to targets, and sends them out on missions of vengeance against the people who wronged them. Their latest mission includes the killing of a 6-year-old girl, and one of the women  tries to find a way to avoid it. She is recognized by a young cop investigating the murders as his college almost-girlfriend, and he approaches her with the intention of getting her to surrender to the police. In the end, two befriended women find that not all is as it seems, and that vengeance without conscience is worse than the acts committed by their targets. Deception, reversals, and betrayal on all fronts fill this journey into the minds of the abused and the world of the dark art of vengeance killing.'] ['Josh Randall is the head of security for the Lucky Dragon casino in Hong Kong. As the movie begins, Randall is visiting Los Angeles to collect $114,000 owed by a rich gambler to his employer, David Pascal . After a few threats and some fighting he collects the debt. He dozes during a jet flight back to Hong Kong and the viewer sees in flash back how he got in a fight in the Casino when he was on leave from the US Army and ended up befriending David’s father, Sam . Josh goes to the casino upon his arrival in Hong Kong and checks in the money. While he’s there David asks him to help terminate one of the Dragon’s dealers who is skimming money. David fires the dealer, telling him he’s lucky he doesn’t have his hands broken for what he’s done. The dealer is humiliated by being forced to walk out of the casino without his pants. Josh isn’t very happy with how David handled the situation, telling him he was too hard on the dealer. After work Josh visits his friend Sam Pascal, David’s father and the Dragon’s original founder. The two share some reminiscences about the old days, and Sam asks Josh what is going on with David and the casino, saying his gut tells him that something is wrong. However, Josh has not been taken into David’s confidence and doesn’t know what to say. Sam invites Josh back later to visit and watch some soccer with himself and David. Picking up some food, Josh heads home to his houseboat out in Hong Kong bay, where he spends a pleasant interlude with his beautiful blonde girlfriend Claire . A couple hours later he returns to the Dragon, just in time to foil an attempted robbery. That evening the 3 men are relaxing at the Pascal home with some beers and watching a soccer game. David tells Sam that a competitor, Stan Ramondi , has an interesting business proposition for a “merger” the elder Pascal should hear. He suggests that the men go to Ramondi’s restaurant and casino after the game. Ramondi is widely known as a mobster and runs a syndicate called Osiris which extorts “protection” money from Hong Kong businesses, but with some misgivings Sam agrees to go. Upon arrival the Pascals and Randall are escorted into Ramondi’s office. Ramondi has much praise for Randall, saying he has heard many good things, and even offers Josh a job. When Randall turns him down Ramondi asks him to wait outside in the casino. Ramondi then gets right down to business, telling Sam Pascal that times are changing and he should bring his business in under the umbrella of Osris. Sam gets angry at this, saying he doesn’t need to procure “protection” from Osiris and that Ramondi’s offer is a joke and “bullshit”. Sam storms out. Out in the casino Randall has run afoul of 2 of Ramondi’s men, one of whom is a huge giant of a man. . They nearly come to blows until Ramondi calls off his goons. On the way home, David tells Sam that they are almost broke due to David’s gambling losses, and that they have no choice but to take Ramondi’s offer. Sam is furious to hear this, telling David that he’d better straighten up and if he doesn’t even though he is Sam’s son he will be “out” of the business. As they return to the Pascal household, David asks Josh to return later, fearing that there may be trouble. Soon after Randall leaves, the mobster’s assassins show up at Sam’s home and wipe out everyone in the family except for Joy , Sam’s wild child daughter. When Randall returns to the Pascal home he finds David and Sam murdered. Knowing that both he and Joy are in deadly danger, he shows up at the “swing” condo where she lives, and almost coerces her into accompanying him, much to her annoyance. Randall decides to go to the police and drops Joy off with Claire at his houseboat. Two police inspectors, Keck and Chen intercept Randall on his way to the station and arrest him. As Keck takes Josh into custody he brutalizes Randall. The police attempt to pin the murder of the David and Sam Pascal on Josh and Keck has him strip searched. Finally due to lack of evidence the cops are forced to let him go. Randall visits the place of business and warehouse of his old Vietnam buddy Leroy Nicely , and obtains a .45 automatic and a Gerber combat knife. Leroy tells him that he has a $100,000 price on his head, to which Josh jokingly replies “Hong Kong or American?” Leroy volunteers to go with Randall like in the old days when they were part of the A teams in Vietnam, but Josh tells him to stay and protect the girls. On the way back to his houseboat Josh sees Keck staking him out and sneaks up on him, returning the beating he had taken earlier. Rounding up Joy and Claire, Josh attempts to run and hide out from the mobster’s men throughout Hong Kong, but this turns out to be difficult for a big blonde American with 2 beautiful women in tow. After a number of Karate battles and shots fired, he drops the girls back off at Leroy’s. Realizing that Ramondi must be a figurehead as there is no way he has the authority and influence to be at the top of Osris, Josh resolves to track down who the real leader is, as that person is the one who ordered the killings. After following some leads Randall finds out that aging and supposedly retired crime lord Simon Koo is the actual head of the Osiris syndicate and also that Koo is secretly Ramondi’s father. Randall returns to the warehouse to find Ramondi’s thugs broke into the warehouse and mortally injured Leroy, kidnapped Joy, and raped and killed Claire. Seriously going on the warpath, Josh dresses up in military uniform to get into Ramondi’s restaurant without being recognized. Once inside he waylays one of Ramodi’s goons and wrings Ramondi’s location out of him, discovering that Joy is being held captive on Ramondi’s private yacht. At the shipyard Randall takes on more of Ramondi’s men and has his life saved by the timely intervention of Inspector Chen who it turns out is part of an international task force against organized crime in Hong Kong. Chen informs Randall that Inspector Keck was arrested and he confessed that he worked for Ramondi. Randall decides to go onto Ramondi’s yacht and rescue Joy and Chen says he can’t let Randall go alone. While overcoming Ramondi’s bodyguards aboard the yacht Chen is wounded, then Randall gets into a savage and difficult battle with Ramondi himself, who like Randall is very skilled in the martial arts. Finally he wins the fight after Ramondi’s neck is accidentally caught in a rope and snapped when he falls. Randall leaves Joy in the care of the Inspector and goes after Koo. Arriving at Koo’s compound, Randall fights his way in. Once inside, he confronts Koo, telling him, “You killed a lot of good people, old man.” Koo replies that he has a place for Randall in his organization, asking Josh if his son Ramondi told him this. Randall tells Koo, “Yes, that’s why I came here… to tell you your son made me an offer… before he died…” Enraged, Koo orders his goliath bodyguard Cam to kill Randall. As the fight begins Cam goads Randall by telling him that he was the one who raped and killed Claire. Randall is nearly beaten in the terrific battle which follows. Finally, after much furniture is broken and many walls smashed, a wooden window frame with a large dagger of broken glass falls on the bodyguard’s neck, cutting his throat. Randall then takes Koo into custody. In the aftermath, Inspector Chen drops off Randall and Joy near the harbor. Chen thanks the two of them for all they did and informs Randall that the key remaining people in the syndicate will be deported, which will finish it. He adds that Simon Koo will be committed to an institution for the insane, the shock of his son’s death apparently being too much for him. He also remarks that he wishes Randall would consider taking a job on the police force. As the Inspector leaves, Joy tells Randall that she would like to get the Lucky Dragon up and running again, and asks him if he thinks she can. Smiling, Randall rhetorically says, “You’re a Pascal aren’t you?” In a voice over as the movie ends, Randall states that the city of Hong Kong lives on borrowed time, the lease is running out and the city will be reverting back to the Chinese “landlords” in 17 years, but as he further muses, Hong Kong’s residents are survivors and whatever happens… Hong Kong will always be - “The place”.'] ['Former Army Ranger Cameron Poe is sentenced to a maximum-security federal penitentiary for using excessive force and killing a drunk man who had been attempting to assault his pregnant wife, Tricia. Eight years later, Poe is paroled on good behavior, and eager to see his daughter Casey whom he has never met. Poe is arranged to be flown back home to Alabama on the C-123 Jailbird where he will be released on landing; several other prisoners, including his diabetic cellmate and friend Mike "Baby-O" O\'Dell and criminal mastermind Cyrus "The Virus" Grissom, are also being transported to a new Supermax prison. DEA agent Duncan Malloy wishes to bring aboard one of his agents, Willie Sims, as a prisoner to coax more information out of drug lord Francisco Cindino before he is incarcerated. Vince Larkin, the U.S. Marshal overseeing the transfer, agrees to it, but is unaware that Malloy has armed Sims with a gun. Shortly after takeoff, Grissom incites a riot that allows them to hijack the Jailbird; Sims is killed when he attempts to stop Grissom. Grissom orders the aircraft to continue to Carson City for a scheduled prisoner transfer, where they will offload the guards and pilots disguised as prisoners in the middle of a dust-storm. Although he could have left the Jailbird during the transfer, Poe feigns cooperation with Grissom but leaves a recording device from Sims\' body on one of the guards being offloaded. Among the new prisoners boarding the aircraft are Cindino, who masterminded their escape, their new pilot Swamp Thing, and serial killer Garland Greene, who even has the respect of Cyrus. Grissom orders another prisoner, Joe "Pinball" Parker, to remove the transponder and plant it on another aircraft. Moments before the Jailbird takes off, the guards discover the clue Poe left behind and alert Malloy and Larkin. Pinball is unable to make it aboard the Jailbird on time and his body is lodged in the landing gear as the aircraft takes off when the security forces are alerted. Poe secretly writes a message to Larkin explaining Grissom\'s plan on Pinball\'s shirt and pushes the body out, where it lands in the middle of Fresno, California. Larkin calls for the National Guard to go to Lerner Airfield, an abandoned airbase, while using Malloy\'s sportscar to beat the Jailbird there. The Jailbird lands at Lerner but overshoots the runway and grounds itself in the sand. Seeing no evidence of Cindino\'s jet, Grissom orders the prisoners to dig the Jailbird free. Meanwhile, Poe, seeking an insulin shot for Baby-O, meets Larkin, and the two run down their respective situations. Larkin finds Cindino boarding his private jet with his men, and manages to disable the jet before it leaves. Grissom discovers Cindino\'s treachery and kills him. Johnny 23 sees the inbound Guard forces and alerts the prisoners, who open the weapons locker on the Jailbird and set up an ambush. Larkin successfully leads the Guardsmen out of the danger. Grissom and the remaining prisoners return to the Jailbird and take off before Poe is able to escape with Baby-O and a female guard, Sally. Grissom soon discovers Poe\'s true identity and prepares to kill him after shooting Baby-O. Malloy, having tracked down the Jailbird after being led astray by the transponder, opens fire on it and disables one of the engines. When Larkin tells Malloy about Poe\'s identity as a parolee, Malloy orders not to fire. They both order the Jailbird to land at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas; a lack of fuel forces them to crash-land on The Strip instead, ending up at the lobby of the Sands Hotel. Amidst the chaos, Poe is thanked by both Baby-O and Sally for his help. Grissom, Jones, and Swamp Thing escape on a fire truck. Larkin and Poe chase after them, eventually killing all three escapees. Poe finally reunites with Tricia and meets his daughter. All of the convicts are now dead or recaptured, except for Garland Greene, playing craps and sipping a margarita in a casino.'] ['Lieutenant A.K. Waters  and his U.S. Navy SEAL detachment are sent by Captain Bill Rhodes  to Nigeria to extract a "critical persona", one Dr. Lena Fiore Kendricks , a U.S. citizen by marriage. Their secondary mission is to extract the Mission Priest and two Nuns. The mission begins as planned. Waters tells Dr. Kendricks of the company of rebel soldiers closing on her hospital and the mission, and that the team\'s orders are to extract U.S. personnel; however, Kendricks refuses to leave without the patients. Waters calls Captain Rhodes for options; after their short and ambiguous conversation, he concedes to Dr. Kendricks that they will take those refugees able to walk. She begins assembling the able-bodied for the twelve-kilometre hike; the priest and the nuns stay behind to take care of the injured. Irritated and behind schedule, the team and the refugees leave the hospital mission after daybreak. At nightfall they take a short break. Guerrilla rebels rapidly approach their position, and Waters stealthily kills a straggling rebel. Dr. Kendricks warns Waters that the rebels are going to the mission, but he is determined to carry out his orders, and they continue to the extraction point. When they arrive, Waters\' initial plan becomes clear: the SEALs suddenly turn away the refugees from the waiting helicopter. Waters forces Dr. Kendricks into the helicopter, leaving the refugees stranded in the jungle, unprotected against the rebels. En route to the aircraft carrier, they fly over the original mission compound, seeing it destroyed and all its occupants murdered, as Dr. Kendricks had predicted. Remorseful, Waters orders the pilot to return to the refugees. He then loads as many refugees as he can into the helicopter instead and decides to escort the remaining refugees to the Cameroon border. During the hike to the border, using satellite scans, they discover the rebels are somehow tracking them. As they escape and evade the rebels, the team enters a village whose inhabitants are being raped, tortured, and massacred by rebel soldiers. Aware of having the opportunity to stop it, Waters orders the team to take down the rebels. The team is emotionally affected by the atrocities they see the rebels have committed against the villagers. Again en route, Slo  determines that a refugee is transmitting a signal allowing the rebels to locate them. The search for the transmitter reveals the presence of Arthur Azuka , surviving son of deposed President Samuel Azuka, which they realize is the reason the rebels are hunting them. Samuel Azuka was not only the president of the country, but also the tribal king of the Igbo. As the only surviving member of this royal bloodline, Arthur is the only person left with a legitimate claim to the leadership of Nigeria. A newer refugee picked up during the trek is discovered with the transmitter on his person. He attempts to run but is shot. Waters is angry at Dr. Kendricks, because she knew all along about Arthur, yet never informed him. The team decides to continue escorting the refugees to Cameroon, regardless of the cost. A fire fight ensues when the rebels finally catch up with the SEALs, who decideto stay behind as rearguard to buy the refugees enough time to reach the border safely. Zee  calls the Harry S. Truman for air support; two F/A-18A Hornets take off and head for the fire fight. The rebels kill Slo, Flea, Lake, and Silk. Waters, Red, Zee and Doc are wounded, but direct the fighter pilots on where to attack. Arthur and Dr. Kendricks are scrambling to the Cameroon border gate when they hear the fighters approach and bomb the entire rebel force. Waters, Zee, Doc , and Red  rise from the grass as Navy helicopters land in Cameroon, opposite the Nigerian border fence gate. Captain Rhodes arrives and orders the gate open, letting in the SEALs and the refugees. A detail of U.S. Marines then escort the SEALs to some helicopters. Captain Rhodes promises Waters that he will recover the bodies of his men. Dr. Kendricks says farewell to friends and flies away in the same helicopter with Waters. The finale shows the refugees recognizing Arthur Azuka as tribal chief and bearer of his father\'s democratic dreams for Nigeria. He raises his arm exclaiming "Freedom!" as everyone celebrates around him. Edmund Burke\'s quote "The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing" serves as the film\'s epilogue.'] ['{{quote}} Tom Sharky is a narcotics cop in Atlanta who is working on a transaction with a drug dealer. Another member of the force, Smiley, shows up unexpectedly during the sting, causing the drug dealer to run and Sharky to give chase, ultimately shooting the suspect on a MARTA bus only after the wounding of the bus driver. In the aftermath, Sharky is demoted to vice-squad, which is considered the least desirable assignment in the police department. In the depths of the vice-squad division, led by Friscoe, the arrest of small-time hooker Mabel results in the accidental discovery of a high-class prostitution ring that includes a beautiful escort named Dominoe who charges $1,000 a night. Sharky and his new partners begin a surveillance of her apartment and discover that Dominoe is having a relationship with Hotchkins, a candidate running for governor. With a team of downtrodden fellow investigators that includes Papa, Arch, and Nosh, referred to by Friscoe sarcastically as Sharky\'s "machine," he sets out to find where the trail leads. During one of the stakeouts, a mysterious crime kingpin known as Victor comes to Dominoe\'s apartment. He has been controlling her life since Dominoe was a young girl, but now she wants out. Victor agrees but forces her to have sex with him one last time. The next day, Sharky witnesses  Dominoe blown away by a shotgun blast through her front door, killing her and disfiguring her face beyond recognition. Sharky has privately been developing feelings for her while viewing through binoculars and listening to her bugged conversations. The man who shot her, known as Billy Score, is a drug addict and Victor\'s brother. He answers to Victor, as does Hotchkins, who is in love with Dominoe but remains a powerless political stooge under Victor\'s rule. Dominoe suddenly turns up to Sharky\'s surprise, and is told that her friend Tiffany used her apartment and is the one who was mistakenly shot by Billy Score. Dominoe is convinced that if Victor wants her dead, she is going to be dead, but reluctantly leaves with Sharky to be hidden away at his childhood home in the West End neighborhood. Meanwhile, Nosh informs Sharky that most of the surveillance tapes have disappeared from the police station, leaving both of them wondering if the investigation has been compromised. Nosh is then confronted by Billy Score, who kills him offscreen. Sharky confronts Victor at his penthouse apartment in the Westin Peachtree Plaza and vows to bring him to justice. Victor smugly knows that Dominoe is dead and cannot testify against him, but is stunned to be told by Sharky that she is still alive. While attempting to find Nosh at his home, two men spring an attack on Sharky and he is knocked cold. He awakens on a boat, where he is held captive and tortured by Smiley, who turns out to be working for Victor. Smiley informs him of the killing of Sharky\'s old narcotics division boss JoJo , and reveals that Nosh is dead as well. He cuts off two of Sharky\'s fingers while demanding to know where Dominoe can be found. Sharky attacks and shoots Smiley, and he manages to escape. Later, Sharky turns up with Dominoe at a Hotchkins political rally, to the candidate\'s considerable shock. Hotchkins is placed under arrest, and Victor finds out about it on the evening newscasts. Billy Score, in an agitated state, shoots and kills Victor. Almost immediately, Sharky and other police officers arrive at Victor\'s penthouse in an attempt to catch Billy. He is pursued through the upper floors of the Westin, where like a ghostly apparition he appears and disappears, killing Papa and seriously wounding Arch. Billy ultimately is gunned down by Sharky, crashing through a window and plummeting to his death nearly 700 feet below. In the end, Sharky returns to his childhood home, where Dominoe is now living with him.'] ["When Danny unknowingly repossesses the car of a powerful arms merchant, it sets off a chain of violent retaliation. After his friends are killed and his daughter is kidnapped, Danny takes matters into his own hands. It does not matter that the CIA and the FBI are also involved the Dragon's fire is in his fists!"] ["In a small Mexican town, a ruthless criminal, nicknamed Azul , breaks out of jail and vows revenge on the local drug lord, Moco , who put him there in the first place, by using a guitar case that carries a small arsenal of guns. At the same time, a young mariachi ([[Carlos Gallardo  arrives in the town looking for work, carrying his guitar case with his signature guitar. From the confines of his heavily guarded villa on the outskirts of town, Moco sends a large group of hitmen to kill Azul, but because both men are dressed in black and carrying guitar cases, the hitmen mistake the mariachi for the criminal. Only Moco knows what Azul looks like. The mariachi kills four of Moco's men in self-defense. As the mariachi seeks refuge in a bar owned by a woman named Dominó , he falls in love with her. Unfortunately, her bar is financed by Moco. When Azul visits the bar for a beer and information about Moco, he accidentally leaves with the mariachi's guitar case. Moco's thugs capture Azul on the street but let him go when they learn that the case he is carrying contains only a guitar. A short time later, the mariachi is captured and taken to Moco, who identifies him as the wrong man and sets him free. Meanwhile, Azul, who has no directions to Moco's home, takes Dominó with him and orders her to take him to Moco's, or Moco will kill the mariachi. Dominó agrees in order to save the mariachi's life. When they arrive at Moco's gated compound, Azul pretends to take Dominó hostage in order to gain entry. Moco soon realizes that Dominó has fallen for the mariachi and, in a rage, shoots both her and Azul. Suddenly, the mariachi arrives to find the woman he loves gunned down. Moco then shoots the mariachi's left hand, rendering him useless as a guitar player. However, overcome with grief and rage, the mariachi picks up Azul's gun and kills Moco, taking revenge for Dominó's death. Moco's surviving henchmen, seeing their leader dead, walk off and leave Moco's body and the wounded mariachi behind. In the final scene, the mariachi leaves the town on Dominó's motorbike, taking her dog and her letter-opener to remember her by. His dreams to become a mariachi have been shattered, and his only protection for his future are Azul's weapons, which he took along in the guitar case."] ["Anton Steenwijk's family was killed by the Nazis and his house was set on fire in 1945, after the corpse of a collaborator, executed by the Dutch resistance, was found outside his house. The story moves between the end of the Second World War and the 1980s, following Steenwijk's quest for truth."] ["Mike Callahan  is an Irish émigré and war veteran working in Singapore as a private detective. He takes on a case from a former flame, now a nightclub singer. She thinks her husband Julian March  is involved in criminal activities and asks him to help out. Callahan learns that a man named Alexis Pederas  has involved Julian in a plot to kidnap a prominent nuclear scientist Sean O'Connor and hold him for ransom to the highest bidder. O'Connor is one of the only men in the world that knows how to detonate the H-Bomb."] ["An unknown sniper  positions himself at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum prior to a professional football championship similar to The Super Bowl. He is spotted by a Goodyear Blimp camera. Police and SWAT team are immediately called in by the stadium manager Sam McKeever . Police Captain Peter Holly , working with SWAT team Sergeant Chris Button , devises a plan to capture the sniper before the conclusion of the game. Multiple fans attending the game are introduced. They include Steve and Janet , an argumentative middle-aged couple; Stu Sandman , a gambling addict; a Catholic priest , who is a friend of quarterback Charlie Tyler; young married couple Mike and Peggy Ramsay ; an elderly pickpocket  and football fan Al , who begins flirting with Lucy  when he notices her date  is more interested in the game than in her. Stadium's maintenance director Paul  discovers the sniper's presence and attempts to confront him. The sniper strikes Paul with the butt of his rifle, and, undetected by fans, causes Paul to fall several stories, severely injured. SWAT team members position themselves on stadium light towers to take aim on the sniper's nest. Mike Ramsay spots the sniper with his binoculars. He reports it to the police, but rather than thank him, they question him suspiciously and then physically overpower him. Shortly after the game's two-minute warning, the SWAT team is given the green light to go after the sniper. Seeing that he is surrounded, the sniper opens fire, shooting randomly into the crowd. His shots cause a massive riot in which the panicked fans spill onto the field. Many security men, Coliseum personnel, and spectators are killed or wounded. Marksmen perched atop stadium light towers fall or hang by their tethers after getting shot. Fleeing spectators are crushed or trampled underfoot while rushing towards exit tunnels. A few lose their footing while climbing down wall-ivy trestles. Steve, Stu, Chris, Peggy, and the pickpocket are among those shot . Mike escapes from police custody during the riot and is reunited with Peggy and their children once the stadium empties of people. Ultimately, the sniper is killed by Peter, Chris, and other members of the SWAT team. Searching through his wallet, the officers learn the sniper's name: Carl Cook. Cook dies, revealing nothing about his intent. Button points out that although they know nothing about Cook, over the next few weeks, the media will discover every irrelevant detail about Cook's life and question why the officers had to kill him."] ["Stanley White  is a decorated police captain and Vietnam War veteran assigned to New York City's Chinatown, where he makes it his personal mission to come down hard on Chinese organized crime. White comes into conflict with Joey Tai , a young man who ruthlessly rises to become the head of the Chinese triad societies, and as a result of his ambition, creates a high profile both for himself and the triads' activities. Together, they end the uneasy truce that has existed between the triads and the police precinct, even as they conduct a personal war between one another. The married captain also becomes romantically involved with Tracy Tzu , a television reporter, who comes under brutal attack from the criminals, as does White's long-suffering wife. This makes him even more determined to destroy the triads, and especially Joey Tai."] ['{{plot}} Mason is a homeless man  from Seattle who loses his only friends—a fellow homeless man and his pet dog—on the same day. Dejected, Mason attempts to commit suicide when a soup kitchen worker, Walter Cole, saves him. Cole refers the man to businessman Thomas Burns, who kindly offers Mason a job as a hunting guide. Despite his misgivings, the lure of a well paying job causes Mason to accept. Flying to a remote cabin in the Pacific Northwest surrounded by hundreds of acres of woods, Mason meets the rest of the hunting party, all of whom paid $50,000 for the privilege of being there. The party includes Doc Hawkins, the founder of the hunt, a psychotic psychiatrist who specializes in psychological assessments of CIA agents, Cole , a Texas "oil man" named John Griffin, a wealthy Wall Street executive named Derek Wolfe Sr. and his son, Derek Wolfe Jr., who is at first ignorant of the true purposes of the hunt.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0111323/plotsummary The first night sees all the men eating a nice dinner and engaging in conversation. Mason receives a pack of cigarettes from Hawkins and learns a little history about the man. Hawkins relays a brutal story from his childhood when his father forced him to train and then fight his dog as a lesson in being a man. The following morning Mason is awakened with a gun in his face by Cole, who explains that the men are not hunting any animals, but rather Mason himself. Mason is given a head start of the length of time it takes the others to eat breakfast. Mason quickly flees the area, but comes to a realization and turns back. The hunters finish their meal and set off after him. Wolfe Jr., of course, is horrified at the thought of killing a man, but is pushed into it by his father. The hunters race off into the forest on ATVs, but by now Mason has returned to the cabin in search of weapons. He finds none, and instead makes the grisly discovery of the hunters trophy room behind a locked door: the preserved heads of the victims of previous hunts. Mason decides to burn it down using chemicals found in the room. The hunters quickly deduce Mason\'s return to the cabin and pursue. Wolfe Sr. enters just as Mason lights up the cabin and engages in a fist fight with Hawkins out back, away from the others. Hawkins is knocked back into the cabin as the preserving agent explodes, killing him in a fiery inferno. Wolfe Jr. saves his father, and spots Mason fleeing in the process. The hunt resumes and Mason begins to use his wits to beat the hunters, luring them with falsely planted lit cigarettes  to lead them in the wrong way. Mason manages to lure Griffin away from the others, and takes him hostage. Over the night, Mason learns why Griffin is taking part in the hunt. Years earlier his daughter was murdered by a homeless man and he\'s venting his rage. Mason, in turn, relays his own tragic tale of losing his family in an apartment fire. This leads Griffin to have a change of heart in the morning. Upon rescuing him, Griffin reveals his decision to not continue the hunting, but is murdered by Cole to prevent any future legal conflicts. By now, with their numbers dwindling, the elder hunters seem more intent on killing Mason. At one point, Mason sabotages one of their ATVs, causing it to explode, mortally wounding Cole. Burns then asphyxiates Cole to spare him from the pain. As they pursue Mason, Wolfe Jr. is killed by accident when he falls on a ravine, and Wolfe Sr. vows revenge. The second night sees Wolfe Sr. and Mason fighting one on one with Mason the victor and Burns escaping to the city knowing that Mason will most likely be searching for him. Days later, Burns is back in Seattle, preparing to leave his current identity, hoping to escape both Mason and the legal responsibilities resulting from the disastrous hunt. But Mason has escaped the forest, returned to the city and tracked him down. A quick fight ensues, but Mason chooses not to kill him. Instead he walks away, but Burns attempts to shoot Mason in the back. Taking to heart a lesson he learned  from his old friend Hank, Mason had blocked the barrel of Burns\' gun and it backfires on the man killing him.'] ["In the opening scenes we see the murder by drowning of billionare Nerio Winch. Nerio was the founder and majority shareholder of the powerful and sprawling W group. Everyone at Group W thinks that Nerio had no family. But he had a secret he kept well-hidden: a son, Largo, adopted nearly thirty years before from a Bosnian orphanage. Largo is living the life of an adventurer and lands in Brazil, where he rescues a pretty girl from some thugs who are molesting her. After Largo and the girl have sex, she injects him with a drug and sets Largo up to be found by police. He is sent to prison. Meanwhile, back at Group W the news of Nerio's heir has the board riled up. At the same time, Mikhal Korsky, another industrialist, plans to make a takeover bid by buying up available shares of the company. Back in Brazil Largo attempts to escape from prison at the same time that his father's driver/bodyguard Freddy has come to pay Largo's way out of prison. They both escape. As he needs to prove that he is Nerio's heir, Largo has to get the shares he owns, which will make him the owner of the company. But he gets caught in a shootout in his attempt and loses his shares. He realizes that he is in the middle of a plot by Ferguson, his father's trusted second-in-command, whose aim is to take over the company. Lacking tangible proof, Largo has to prove that he is the heir before the company general meeting. Eventually Largo makes a deal with Mikhal Korsky, his enemy, to whom he reveals Ferguson's plan to ruin Korsky. Finally he reaches the board meeting and switches over Ferguson's speech to a secretly recorded video in which Ferguson admits to killing Nerio. Defeated, she leaves the meeting and is arrested. The film ends with Largo as the new head of the company."] ['According to the Asylum\'s website, "When the President learns that domestic terrorists have skyjacked the passenger jet her brother is flying, she must choose between family and the safety of the people in the cities below."'] ["In Libya, a crowd is rallying at an anti-American speech. The crowd excitedly waves rifles and banners, while burning an American effigy. The movie then cuts to Kokomo, Indiana, showing a regular day at the old Kokomo High School . Several students are stuck in detention after school. Four terrorists cross the US-Canadian border, and they attempt to attack the Blackriver Nuclear Power Plant with a car bomb. After this fails, the remaining three escape, pursued by several police cruisers. Chief Rawlings, the Kokomo Police Department police chief, played by Chuck Connors, is radioed, and he and the other officers join the chase. Two terrorists manage to survive and escape to Kokomo High School, where they hold the detention's students and teacher hostage. The Kokomo SWAT team surrounds the school, and Chief Rawlings attempts to negotiate the release of the hostages. Meanwhile, the terrorists kill several hostages that attempt to resist them. Chief Rawlings agrees to the terrorists' demand for a bus so they can get to an airport. The two terrorists drag a girl out with them, and they board the school bus. In the process, a boy running along the roof manages to jump on top of the school bus and tries to get in the bus as the terrorists lead the police on a high-speed car chase. Eventually, the bus tips over. The lone surviving terrorist attempts kill himself and the girl by pulling the pin on a grenade. The boy knocks him out, and he and the girl manage to escape from the bus before the grenade explodes.  The majority of the film was shot in Kokomo, Indiana, save for the opening scene , and some parts in Michigan City, Indiana.Amazon.com listing for Terror Squad Although most of the major characters were professional actors, many residents of Kokomo were hired to work as extras or assistants on the set. Kokomo residents will notice that the paths of the car chases do not make sense; as in most films, scenes were stitched together after filming. The Kokomo-Howard County Public Library keeps two copies specifically for their genealogy department.Kokomo-Howard County Public Library on-line catalog"] ['The film follows embattled pit fighter Eddie Castillo  who is released from jail swearing to never enter the pit fighting ring again. However, after his brother is killed in the ring by a vicious new fighter , Eddie goes on a quest for revenge. His journey takes him through the depths of the underground pit fighting circuit, where there are those like Lucky  that try and help him; while others, such as the nefarious Argento  will stop at nothing to see Eddie fail.'] ['At an Al Qaeda secret hideout in Iraq, U.S. Marine John Triton , is seen observing his fellow Marines being beaten by terrorists. John\'s commander orders him to wait for backup but Triton says that it cannot wait. Just as the terrorists are about to execute the Marines, Triton attacks and kills the terrorists. When John and his comrades escape, they see parts of Al Qaeda\'s hideout set on fire. The next morning, after he is done exercising, John\'s Colonel asks to speak to him. The Colonel informs John that he is being honorably discharged from the Marine Corps. After returning home from Iraq, Triton and his wife Kate  decide to take a vacation. Meanwhile, criminal mastermind Rome  robs a jewelry store with his accomplices: his attractive girlfriend Angela , Morgan , Vescera , and Bennett . While running from the cops, they stop at a gas station, where John and Kate have stopped as well. When a patrol car arrives to fill up, Morgan murders one of the officers while Rome injures the second officer. After Bennett knocks John out with a fire extinguisher, Kate is kidnapped. Morgan shoots at the gas tanks, causing the store to blow up with John inside. John survives, emerging to take the abandoned patrol car. He gives chase, with every single member of the gang shooting at him. They go through a construction area, and to the edge of a lake. Under heavy fire, John falls out of the car and into the lake. The criminals decide to travel through the swamps to avoid the police, still with Kate as their hostage. John revives and, despite an officer denying him permission to, he continues to pursue them. After an altercation between Morgan and Vescera to show how crazy Morgan is, Rome decides that they have no further use for Vescera and shoots him, leaving the body for the alligators. Kate gets into heated arguments with the group, Angela especially, who strikes Kate whenever she insults her or tries to escape. The criminals eventually arrive at a shack and rest there for the time being. Triton gets delayed when some fugitives attack him. He subdues them both and tracks the gang to the lodge. He arrives and kills Morgan, who was sent out to turn on the electricity, with a knife that Vescera dropped when he was killed. He then kills Bennett when he goes out to check on Morgan, beating him down and stomping on his neck. As he drags the bodies under the shack, the police officer he met earlier "grants" him further permission to do what he must and turns off the electricity for a distraction. Kate takes advantage of this and rushes out of the building, only to be pursued and captured by Angela. John crashes through the window and meets Rome for the first time in his journey. The cop also enters the room and points his gun at John, revealing himself to be working with Rome the whole time . Rome opens fires at Triton, but he uses the corrupt cop  as a human shield. Rome makes his escape and joins up with Angela and the still captured Kate before firing at a gasoline tank and destroying the shack. John makes a narrow escape out the window. Rome takes V.B.\'s car and drives off, but because of the police monitor, they have to abandon it, and Angela hitchhikes and shoots a truck driver to steal his trailer-less. John is arrested by an officer in a boat and steals the vessel after handcuffing the officer, heading for Rita\'s Marina . John arrives and sees the truck cab, jumping onto the back. He then sees a bus heading the opposite direction and runs along the running board of the truck to the passenger seat where he opens the door, grabs Angela by the breasts, and throws her into the bus\'s windshield, killing her and spilling the diamonds. Rome then knocks John off the truck by driving into the side of a building and careens through a warehouse, leaping out before the truck crashes through a window into the lake beyond. Triton confronts him in the fiery warehouse and thinks he kills Rome by burying him in debris after a vicious battle. He rushes to rescue his wife, who is handcuffed inside the sinking truck cab, dragging her from the water and administering CPR successfully. A very badly-burned Rome returns and chokes him with a chain. John turns the tables and breaks Rome\'s neck with the chain and the scene ends with John and Kate kissing as the police arrive.'] ['Detective Bo Dietl and his partner investigate the rape and murder of a nun. Meanwhile, Dietl learns that his partner has a gambling problem, and is in debt to loan sharks.'] ['During the 1973 Yom Kippur War, an Israeli A-4 Skyhawk carrying a nuclear weapon is shot down over the Syrian desert. The bomb, over time, is consumed by the sand and disappears. Twenty-nine years later, President J. Robert Fowler  and his senior national security advisors, including Director of Central Intelligence William Cabot , are conducting a top-secret military simulation of a Russian nuclear attack against the United States. Meanwhile, the bomb is found in Syria by a couple of scrap dealers and unwittingly sold to an arms dealer named Olson  for {{USD}} 400, who in turn sells it to an Austrian neo-Nazi named Richard Dressler  for {{USD}}50 million. The United States becomes concerned when Alexander Nemerov  becomes the new President of the Russian Federation. Cabot seeks the opinion of CIA analyst Jack Ryan , who has done extensive research on Nemerov\'s life and career. During a routine inspection of Russia\'s nuclear weapons facilities, Cabot and Ryan are invited to the Kremlin to meet with Nemerov personally. Tension arises when Nemerov protests U.S. involvement in Russian-Chechen affairs. Nonetheless, Nemerov and Ryan develop a rapport. During the inspection, Ryan notices that three Russian nuclear technicians are not present at the facility. Nemerov\'s aide, Anatoli Grushkov ([[Michael Byrne , claims that there is nothing amiss. Cabot\'s covert informant in Moscow, "Spinnaker", says that the whereabouts of the three scientists are truly unknown to the Russian government. Upon arrival in Washington, D.C., Cabot sends operative John Clark  to track down the missing scientists. Clark discovers them in Ukraine, constructing Dressler\'s bomb. When President Nemerov takes responsibility for an unauthorized gas-warfare attack on Grozny, President Fowler becomes concerned with the volatility of Nemerov\'s military policies and responds by sending NATO peacekeeping troops to Chechnya. Ryan correctly believes that Nemerov took responsibility for the act only to save face before political radicals in Russia, and loses credibility in the White House. Meanwhile, the nuclear bomb, disguised as a cigarette vending machine, arrives in a crate in Baltimore, Maryland, and is placed at a football stadium. In a recording, Dressler reveals his intentions in placing the bomb in Baltimore: frustrated and angered with the American and Russian paternalism over smaller European nations, Dressler has resolved to destroy both nations, much as Adolf Hitler desired to in World War II. Dressler notes, "Communism was a fool\'s errand. The followers of Marx gone from this earth, but the followers of Hitler abound and thrive." By detonating a nuclear weapon on American soil, Dressler and his associates plan to aggravate an already tense relationship between the two nations to the point of full-blown nuclear war. Ryan informs Cabot about the bomb, but learns that both he and President Fowler are attending a football game in the stadium where the bomb is planted. Cabot orders U.S. Secret Service agents to rush the President out of the stadium. The President manages to escape the stadium, but only moments before the bomb detonates, destroying a significant part of the city and scattering the President\'s motorcade. After the explosion, Fowler is rescued by heliborne United States Marines, and taken airborne on a Boeing E-4B Advanced Airborne Command Post with his cabinet. Immediately, they fear that the bomb was Russian. Ryan\'s girlfriend, Dr. Catherine Muller , survives the blast and Ryan survives a helicopter crash, but Cabot dies later at a hospital. After being informed about the explosion, Dressler telephones one of his associates, a corrupt general in the Russian Air Force. In order to further aggravate the situation, the general orders his Tu-22M Backfire pilots to strike an American aircraft carrier USS John C. Stennis with standoff missiles in the North Sea under the false pretext that a U.S. intercontinental ballistic missile has destroyed Moscow. The strike heavily damages the Stennis and renders the carrier incapable of launching aircraft. In response, Fowler orders United States Air Force F-16 fighter jets to attack the originating Russian air base. Tensions escalate as trust between Fowler and Nemerov rapidly deteriorates. To prove that he is willing to take the exchange to the next level, Fowler orders SNAPCOUNT, the military alert level for maximum readiness, preparing to launch a massive nuclear strike on Russian military targets. Seeing that the U.S. has dispatched B-2 Spirit stealth bombers and Ohio-class submarines, Nemerov prepares to launch his missiles on the United States. Ryan first learns about the origin of the bomb after a U.S. Army Radiation Assessment Team conducts an isotopic fingerprint analysis of air samples around ground zero in Baltimore. It is concluded that the plutonium for the Baltimore bomb was manufactured in Savannah River nuclear plant in South Carolina in 1968, thus indicating that the original fissile material was of American, not Russian, origin. He tries, unsuccessfully, to communicate this information to Fowler. After being with the dying Cabot, Ryan takes Cabot\'s personal effects, and with Cabot\'s text messenger, asks Spinnaker how the American plutonium ended up in a Russian bomb. Spinnaker tells him that the U.S. had secretly managed to send it to Israel for their nuclear weapons program. Meanwhile, John Clark learns from Ghazi, one of the scrap dealers who is dying from being exposed to the bomb\'s radiation, that it was Olson who bought the bomb and that he lives in Damascus, Syria. Ryan\'s co-workers in the CIA infiltrate Olson\'s computer and download files that implicate Dressler as the person who bought the plutonium and who is behind the Baltimore attack. Ryan learns of this from his team. Ryan gets to the Baltimore harbor docks, only to find Dressler\'s American contact Jared Mason  murdered by Dressler\'s German hitman Haft . Haft attacks Ryan, but Ryan manages to get the upper hand on him. Ryan tries to force Haft to talk, but is thwarted as the Maryland State Police arrive. Via a state police helicopter, Ryan manages to get to the Pentagon, where he is able to communicate the truth to Nemerov. Relying on Ryan\'s word, Nemerov proposes a plan to Fowler to a stand down. Fowler follows suit, and the nuclear war is averted. The two presidents meet and make peace as agents of both governments hunt down and assassinate the terrorist conspirators. John Clark cuts Olson\'s throat, Russian agents pursue and shoot the traitorous General Dubinin in a snow-covered forest, and as Grushkov looks on, Dressler has his bodyguard start his car engine to rule out a car bomb, only to be killed after he replaces him in the car, due to him pushing in the cigarette lighter, which actually triggers the bomb. In Washington, D.C., Fowler and Nemerov address the Baltimore tragedy and the future of weapons of mass destruction during a speech on the White House lawn. In a nearby park, Ryan and Muller are having a picnic when they are approached by Grushkov. It is revealed that Grushkov is Spinnaker, Cabot\'s covert source in Moscow. Grushkov gives Muller a "modest gift" for her engagement to Ryan. Muller and Ryan are perplexed, as they have not told anyone of their engagement. Ryan asks Grushkov how he could possibly know this secret, but he simply smiles, shrugs and walks away.'] ["Back in 1973, one United States Senator Conrad Morgan , the chief delegate diplomat in negotiating the terms of the end of Vietnam war, made a deal in Paris, France with Kuong Yen, the North Vietnamese negotiator. The deal called for Yen to release certain key CIA POWs in exchange for Morgan setting-up a death-trap for an elite group of CIA assassins, known as the Black Tigers. The treaty signed, the Black Tigers were sent into the jungles of ‘Nam to their unknowing demise, under guise that they were on mission to liberate American POWs. However, the truly important thing to understand is that the negotiators failed to realize one thing: the commando’s team leader was one Major John T. Booker . So, needless to say and despite all odds, Booker survives. As do the four men wise enough to have remained in his general vicinity. Five years after returning from Vietnam, Booker, now living in Los Angeles, California, donning a post-war moustache, also with a hobby of racecar-driving, and is now working as a political science professor at UCLA. Booker lectures to a bunch of kids on how the war should not have happened, and that the U.S. should not have been involved. He then jokes about singing patriotic songs the following week to atone. Sitting in on one of his lectures is a bright female reporter named Margaret  who starts asking some very specific questions about the botched rescue mission. It seems that someone is slowly killing all the surviving members of the special forces team. Booker is suddenly thrown back into his past when Morgan's appointment as Secretary of State spurs Yen to blackmail his ex-negotiations buddy into making good on his un-finished deal: The extermination of the Black Tigers."] ["Marshall Lawson  is the commander of an elite military unit. In Paris, France, Marshall loses all three of his men in a seemingly random attack, and he takes it upon himself to investigate the attack, with the help of his girlfriend Tia  and his friend Dwayne ([[David Kennedy . Marshall uncovers CTX, a covert military drug so secret that an arm of the military headed by a man named Werner ([[Danny Webb  wants Marshall eliminated. And Tia was one of the two military scientists who developed CTX. As it turns out, Reina , the hooker who killed Marshall's team, was under the influence of CTX, which turns whoever is under its influence into a seemingly unstoppable killer. A Paris night club owner named Aroon  was the other military scientist who helped develop CTX, and now, Aroon has plans to release the CTX into the water supply in Paris, which would turn the city's residents into ultra-violent killers. Marshall, Tia, and Dwayne must stop Aroon and Werner before that happens."] ['The movie centres around a group of friends: Kevin , Sam  and Rob . They play a game, known as "Foolproof", in which they create working plans to infiltrate and burgle various targets. They do not actually execute these heists, preferring to simply simulate them. All is fine until a famous criminal, Leo Gillete , steals the trio\'s plans to burglarize a jewelry company and accomplishes the heist. He then blackmails the group into designing and executing a plan to steal $20 million in bonds from a bank. Tension escalates within the group as Rob befriends Leo, while Kevin and Sam attempt to hinder his plans.'] ["Jake Nyman decides to take a professional vacation where all decisions will be made by the flip of a coin. He meets up with disenchanted Sandra Thomas, who becomes excited by the potential of having the coin make all the decisions. See, Flipism. Things seem okay, until Sandra vanishes and Alice becomes involved in Jake's life."] [' In Chicago, Wesley Gibson is an American born in Moravia, who works at a dead-end desk job with an overbearing boss, takes anti-anxiety medication for panic attacks, and has a live-in girlfriend who cheats on him with his best friend Barry. One night in the pharmacy, Wesley is told by a mysterious woman named Fox that his father was a recently murdered assassin, and the killer, Cross, is after him. Cross and Fox engage in a shoot-out followed by a car chase in the streets of Chicago. Wesley manages to escape and Fox has a shoot-out again with Cross, causing a car accident that knocks Wesley unconscious. Fox brings Wesley to the headquarters of The Fraternity, a thousand-year-old secret society of assassins. The group\'s current leader, Sloan, explains that Wesley\'s panic attacks are actually the untrained expression of a rare superhuman ability; when stressed, the drastically increased heart rate and adrenaline levels result in bursts of superhuman strength, speed, and reflexes – demonstrated when he successfully shoots the wings off of two flys. The Fraternity can teach him to control this ability, so Wesley can follow in his father\'s footsteps as an assassin, beginning by inheriting his fortune. Wesley is initially reluctant and returns to work, only to finally snap when discovering several million dollars in his bank account. He excoriates his boss in front of the entire office, and on his way out, smashes Barry in the face with a computer keyboard. Fox is waiting outside to take him back to the Fraternity headquarters — an unassuming textile mill. Wesley is then subjected to brutal training; among other forms of combat, he learns to fire bullets to curve around objects . Afterward, Wesley is shown the Loom of Fate, a loom that gives the names of the targets through binary code hidden in weaving errors of the fabric. Those the Loom identifies will apparently cause tragedy in the future; but only Sloan sees and interprets the names fate wishes to see dead. Wesley is initially reluctant about killing people. Then Fox reveals that in her childhood, a hired assassin burned her father alive in front of her—and said hitman was supposed to be killed by the Fraternity before that, but the assassin failed to pull the trigger. She now considers preventing such tragedy her mission and her loyalty to the Loom of Fate and The Fraternity. After several routine missions and a chance meeting with Cross, in which Wesley is shot in the arm with a deliberately traceable bullet, Sloan grants Wesley\'s wish to avenge his father and sends him after Cross—but then secretly gives Fox a mission to kill Wesley, saying that his name had come up in the Loom as well. Analyzing the bullet that hit Wesley, it is discovered that the manufacturer was Pekwarsky, a bullet-maker living in eastern Moravia, the birthplace of the Fraternity. Wesley and Fox travel there and capture Pekwarsky, who arranges a meeting with Cross. Wesley faces Cross alone on a moving train. Fox steals a car and crashes it into the train, eventually causing a derailment. After Cross saves Wesley’s life by preventing him from falling into a ravine, Wesley fatally shoots him. Before dying, Cross reveals that he is Wesley\'s real father. Fox confirms this, and explains that Wesley was recruited because he was the only person that Cross would not kill. Fox then reveals the kill order on Wesley and raises her gun, but Wesley escapes by shooting out the glass underneath him and plunging into the river below with Cross\'s body. Wesley is retrieved by Pekwarsky, who takes him to his father\'s apartment, located across the street from Wesley\'s old home. Pekwarsky explains that Sloan started manufacturing targets for profit after discovering that he was targeted by the Loom of Fate, and did not tell the Fraternity members that they were now nothing more than paid killers. The gang hang some of their friends in order to get to him. Cross discovered the truth and went rogue, and started killing Fraternity members to keep them away from his son. Pekwarsky departs, stating that Wesley\'s father wished him a life free of violence. Wesley, however, decides to take out Sloan after discovering a secret room containing all of his father\'s weapons and maps. An enraged Wesley assaults the Fraternity\'s textile mill-fortress and battles his way through it, killing nearly every Fraternity member in the process. Upon entering Sloan\'s office, he reveals Sloan\'s deception to the master assassins present in the room. Sloan reveals that all of their names had come up in the weaving, and that he had merely acted to protect them. Were they to follow the code, every one of them should kill themselves on the spot. Fox, who believes in the code more than anyone due to her own experience, turns on her fellow assassins, and curves a bullet that kills every Fraternity member in the room, including herself, but not before she throws her gun to Wesley to distract him from trying to save her. During all this, the Loom of Fate is destroyed, and Sloan manages to escape. Wesley, penniless once again, is left aimless. A man is then seen at a computer, much like Wesley at the beginning of the film. Sloan appears and points a gun at the back of the man\'s head. At that moment, the man turns around and is revealed to be a decoy. Sloan is then killed by Wesley using a long-distance bullet. Similar to the comic book miniseries,{{cite journal}} the film ends with Wesley stating his accomplishments, then breaking the fourth wall by asking the audience "What the fuck have you done lately?".'] ['{{plot}} Brenda, Francine, and Brenda\'s deaf sister Heather are out with two friends, Maria and Stella. Heather accidentally wanders into the path of a speeding car. Brenda pulls her sister out of the way. The car stops, and its occupants are no stranger to Brenda. They\'re "The Scars", a gang of mid-level dope dealers: Fargo, leader Jake, Red, and Vince, the gang\'s meek and weak-willed "pet". Rather than get an apology, Brenda instead gets propositioned for sex and drugs by Jake, which she flatly refuses. The gang takes off. Brenda and her friends then happen upon the Scars\' empty vehicle parked in an alley while the gang is delivering a collection beating to Fadden . The girls jump in the car and take off, shouting obscenities to the gang as they drive off. The gang unsuccessfully tries to catch the car on foot. They later find the car in a nearby alley with garbage strewn inside. The gang arrives at Vince\'s school to deliver another beating to Fadden, and while there, Red spots Heather among the crowd and suggests to Jake getting revenge for the car-trashing incident. As Heather is waiting in the gym for Brenda to take her home, Red sneaks into the gym. He talks to Heather and then tries to forcibly kiss her. She breaks away from him, but the other gang members have all the gym entrances covered. They drag the helpless girl to one of the locker rooms where they take turns at raping her. Jake, not wanting to take any chances with the local police, then kicks Heather in the head. The unresponsive and bloodied girl is then left in the locker room. Brenda returns from one of her routine Principal\'s office visits to the gym to collect her sister, and finds her gone. The girls spread out to search for her, and a hysterical Maria charges into the gym from the locker rooms screaming for Brenda, having made the grisly discovery. Heather is rushed to the hospital in critical condition. Brenda, frustrated at the slow pace of the investigation, goes out to a bar with her friends, where she confides her fears of losing Heather to a bartending friend, Charlene. Also at the same bar are The Scars, who are collecting again from Fadden. While there, the Scars are also trying to find Vince another "date" for the evening, by pulling over any woman within reach. One of them happens to be Francine. As they continue to pass her around, two men witnessing the scene go and tell Jake and his gang to leave her alone. A fight breaks out between the men and the Scars, and while Jake is delivering a beating to one, Francine sticks Jake in the back with a switchblade. Jake gets up and lunges towards Francine, but she is out of reach. The Scars show up at Vince\'s school again. Vince tells Jake that Heather\'s rape is all over the school. Jake tells Vince to forget about it, but he wants to know how to find Francine. Vince makes Jake promise that he won\'t hurt her, but simply scare her. They confront Francine on a bridge as she\'s walking home carrying her new bridal gown for her upcoming wedding to her boyfriend Richie. Francine spits in Jake\'s face, and he lifts her up over his head and throws her off the bridge railing and to her death. Unable to confront his conscience any longer, a hysterical Vince runs from the gang. He runs to Heather\'s hospital bedside and tries to apologize to the comatose girl for his actions, but Brenda runs him off. With Francine missing, Brenda fears the worst and decides to take action. Dressed in a leather suit and armed with a switchblade, bear traps and crossbow, she takes off. In the meantime, her mother gets the call telling them that Francine is dead. Her mother tries to stop Brenda, but it\'s too late. At Vince\'s house, Brenda tricks her way in by telling his father that she needs his help for a homework assignment. She makes her way to his bedroom, where she sees him packing to run. At knife-point, Vince tells Brenda that Francine is dead and that he couldn\'t do anything to stop it. She spares Vince\' life after he tells her where to find the gang. Fearing for his life, Vince goes to work and gets a loan from his boss, telling her he\'ll be back after things cool down. Unbeknown to Vince, Jake is parked in the alley with his headlights dimmed, waiting for Vince. Jake speeds towards him, knocking him down, presumably dead. Meanwhile, Brenda is waiting for Fargo and Red as they return to their "home" in a warehouse. She first confronts Fargo and launches a crossbow arrow into his throat. Moments later, Red stumbles upon Fargo\'s body, and is caught in the bear traps. Jake returns to the warehouse, pounding on the door for Fargo and Red to open it. Not getting a response, he raises the overhead door and sees the two strung-up bodies of his fallen gang-mates. Brenda\'s voice calls off from a distance, telling him he\'s next. Jake pulls out a pistol and fires in every direction, hoping one of the bullets will hit her. Brenda responds by launching an arrow into both of his thighs. Jake stumbles towards the warehouse gate, but Brenda has a snare trap in wait, suspending him upside down by his ankles. However, Jake manages to distract her, and pull the gate\'s door towards her, knocking her down. He manages to free himself and climb on top of her, but she escapes to another warehouse full of paints and solvents. Armed with a can of solvent, she manages to squirt Jake with the can\'s contents as he tries to strangle her. She pulls a cigarette lighter out and sets him on fire just as she\'s about to pass out. A screaming Jake, now on fire, flees the warehouse and stumbles into the parking lot, presumably dead, as police arrive on the scene. Brenda and her friends, including a fully recovered Heather, go to Francine\'s grave site. Though according to the girls, Brenda "made things right", her actions still did not bring back Francine.'] ['{{plot}} The movie opens with the first trailer of Machete. In a rural town in Texas, go-go dancer \'Cherry Darling\'  decides to quit her low-paying job and find another use for her numerous \'useless\' talents. She runs into her mysterious ex-boyfriend \'El Wray\' ([[Freddy Rodriguez  at the Bone Shack, a BBQ restaurant owned by JT Hague  and his sheriff brother . Meanwhile, a group of military officials at a nearby US military base, led by the demented Lt. Muldoon , are making a business transaction with a chemical engineer named Abby  for mass quantities of a deadly biochemical agent known as DC2 . When Muldoon learns that Abby has an extra supply on hand, he attempts to take Abby hostage, and Abby intentionally releases the gas into the air. The gas reaches the town and turns most of its residents into deformed bloodthirsty psychopaths, mockingly referred to as "sickos" by the surviving humans. The infected townspeople are treated by the sinister Dr. William Block  and his unhappy, unfaithful bisexual anesthesiologist wife Dakota  at a local hospital. Random zombie attacks begin along the highway, leading El Wray, with Cherry as his passenger, to crash his truck. In the aftermath, several zombies tear off Cherry\'s right leg. Also falling victim, fatally, is Tammy ([[Fergie , who was on her way to into town to reunite with her former lover Dakota. When Tammy\'s body arrives at the hospital, Dr. Block recognizes her and by comparing text messages on the cellular phones of Tammy and his wife, realizes Dakota was about to leave him. He then attacks Dakota with her own anesthetic syringe needles, stabbing her repeatedly in the hands, rendering them useless, before locking her in a closet to tend to other patients, including multiple arrivals showing signs of infection and Cherry, who despite her injury does not die. El Wray is disarmed and detained by Sheriff Hague based on past encounters between the two men. As the patients transform into zombies, El Wray leaves the police station and arrives at the hospital, attaching a wooden table leg to Cherry\'s stump. As El Wray and Cherry fight their way out of the zombie-infested hospital, Dakota escapes to her car, but in struggling to open its door with her numbed hands, accidentally breaks her left wrist. She eventually manages to drive away. Meanwhile, Block becomes infected and others, including Cherry and El Wray, take refuge at the Bone Shack. Dakota retrieves her son Tony and takes him to her father, Earl McGraw, a Texas Ranger. Tony, who was given a revolver by his mother, accidentally shoots himself in the face after being told not to point it at himself. Cherry and El Wray make love in JT\'s bedroom. Due to a missing reel, what happens immediately following this is unknown, but when the film returns, Sheriff Hague has been shot in the neck by one of his own officers, and zombies are massing outside the Bone Shack, which is set on fire. Dakota, Earl, and Tony\'s crazed babysitter twins arrive at the Bone Shack. With Sheriff Hague badly injured, the group decides to flee to the Mexican border, before being stopped by a large mob of zombies. Muldoon\'s men arrive, and kill the zombies before arresting the group. They learn from Abby that the soldiers are stealing Abby\'s supply of the gas because they are infected with it and the only treatment is by constant inhalation of the gas, which delays mutation. They also learn that a small percentage of population is immune to the gas, suggesting a possible treatment, which is why Muldoon quarantined the survivors. As Cherry and Dakota are taken away by two soldiers , the others defeat the security guards. J.T. sustains a gunshot wound in the process, and the group searches for Muldoon. Discovered by El Wray and Abby, Muldoon explains that he killed Osama bin Laden before he and his men were infected with DC2 and were ordered to protect the area. El Wray offers a respectful recognition of Muldoon\'s military service before he and Abby shoot the mutating Muldoon. Meanwhile, Cherry is forced to dance by Rapist #1 while being held at gunpoint. Cherry attacks by breaking off her wooden leg across his face and stabs the remaining jagged-point in his eye. Dakota, after realizing she has regained feeling in her hands, quick-draws her syringe launcher and stuns Rapist #2. El Wray and Abby arrive to rescue Cherry and Dakota, and El Wray replaces Cherry\'s broken wooden leg with a modified M4 Carbine with a M203 grenade launcher attachment. She promptly kills Rapist #1 and other zombies with it. J.T., wounded and lying beside his dying brother, stays behind to detonate explosives  to eliminate the zombies still in the complex while the others flee. The survivors make plans to escape by stealing helicopters but must fight past the remaining zombies. Abby dies  when a ballistic projectile blows his head up. An infected Block then arrives and is killed by Earl, shortly before the survivors use the blade tips of their transport helicopter to decapitate all the remaining zombies. However, while saving Cherry from a zombie, El Wray is fatally wounded. In the epilogue, Cherry  leads the group and many more survivors to the Caribbean beach at Tulum, Mexico, where they start a peaceful new society amid a world-wide zombie infection. In the final moments of the film, it is revealed that Cherry Darling has given birth to El Wray\'s daughter . In a post-credits scene Dakota\'s son Tony is sitting on the beach at the survivor\'s "base" playing with his turtle, scorpion, and tarantula.'] ["Alain Moreau  is a cop in Nice, France. Alain is at a funeral that is being held for a fellow cop, when Alain’s partner Sebastien  shows up, and requests for his presence at a crime scene. When they arrive, Sebastien shows Alain a dead body of someone that looks exactly like him. They discover that his name was Mikhail Suverov, who was born on exactly the same day Alain was. As it turns out, Mikhail is the twin brother Alain never knew he had. Tracing his brother's steps back to New York City, Alain discovers that Mikhail was a member of the Russian Mafia, who was chased down and killed when he attempted to get out. Of course, now Alain is mistaken for Mikhail, who was also mixed up in a series of affairs concerning the FBI and the russian mafia. With his only real ally being Mikhail's fiancé Alex Bartlett , Alain sets out to avenge his brother's death, which is complicated not only by the Mafia, but by two corrupt FBI agents."] ['{{plot}} A young American computer engineer  acquires a mobile phone that receives strange text messages. First they encourage him to miss his flight which he then learns crashed soon after takeoff. Then the messages direct him to buy a certain stock, which he then learns increases by 313%. Next, he is directed to a hotel/casino in Prague to gamble. He first wins one-hundred thousand Euro on a slot machine and then bets the entire amount on a hand of blackjack, which he wins. Both bets are made on the basis of further text messages he receives on his new phone. Max then has an altercation with a beautiful woman  and her jealous boyfriend in the hotel corridor, where he is knocked-out and his mysterious phone is apparently scanned. Max wakes up with the woman, Kamila, smiling above him. He immediately asks her out for a drink. To further his new-found career in gambling, Max enlists the aid of a Russian cabbie/apparent e-gadget enthusiast, Yuri , who outfits him with a text-to-voice earpiece to wirelessly receive his anonymous and lucrative text messages. His lucky streak continues when he hits the 3 million Euro jackpot on a slot machine but is forced to run away when casino security led by John Reed  attempts to detain him. This chase is ended by the intervention of FBI Agent Dave Grant  who handcuffs Max and interrogates him for information about the phone. Max is frightened, but unable to provide any information. At this point Agent Grant contacts Raymond Burke  of the NSA, who is apparently monitoring Max because he is receiving messages from an omniscient communication surveillance computer system known as Echelon. These messages have been responsible for the deaths of several Americans, most recently an IT specialist working in the Pentagon. Burke recently lost a battle to pass a bill in Congress that would allow Echelon to be upgraded by being uploaded into personal computers worldwide. Burke eventually decides that Max knows too much and must be eliminated, however, Reed and the beautiful woman from the hotel – now revealed as Reed\'s associate – come to Max\'s aid and spirit him away to Moscow. There Max re-connects with the techie Yuri and tries to get his help in discovering who is sending the messages. Yuri believes that the messages are coming directly from the computer itself, and that the system has achieved some kind of autonomous self-awareness. Max and Reed object to his idea, but they are forced to flee when more armed men arrive at Yuri\'s apartment. A Moscow car chase ensues. The chase ends with Reed outmaneuvering and eventually blowing-up the chase cars, which happen to be led by Agent Grant. Grant escapes injury, but Max seizes the moment to inflict some payback for their previous encounter. Grant asks Max to help him stop Echelon, as he has now also begun to receive threatening texts. Max then receives another text, instructing him to return to Omaha, Nebraska, where he first worked as a computer security engineer. Max, Grant and Reed all fly home on a military aircraft. Arriving in Omaha, the group finds a sealed-up, bunker-like structure with a cache of servers and a high-end computer system that Max helped install years earlier. The property is revealed to belong to another victim of Echelon\'s messages, the same person whose credit card was used to send Max the phone. Max starts up the bunker\'s computer and is instructed via text to fire up the servers and connect them to the network. Echelon then begins downloading itself into the bunker\'s computers and begins a countdown to replicate itself across the world wide computer network. Agent Grant calls Burke at the NSA to inform him, but Burke is content to let the Echelon replicate itself worldwide, in the interests of US national security. Grant and Reed break ranks with Burke at this point and Burke sends back other FBI agents to detain them. Meanwhile, Max is failing to stop Echelon\'s replication countdown, until he takes an idea from the 1968 Star Trek episode The Ultimate Computer. Max asks the computer what its primary purpose is and it replies to defend the US, as defined by the Constitution. Max then asks the computer to search for threats to the US Constitution, and it comes back with a plethora of articles concerning the recent attempts to secure Congressional approval to upgrade Echelon, which is characterized as a grave threat to personal freedoms. At the point when the download is complete, Echelon "learns" that it is itself the threat and executes its own shutdown. The film ends with Agent Grant and Reed sending Max and Kamila off to Paris, while Burke is subpoenaed to appear before the Senate intelligence committee. The final cryptic scene is back in Moscow, where the techie Yuri is unveiled as a Captain in the Russian Security Service. In a conversation  with his apparent commanding officer he is commended for his actions. Yuri replies that they will soon try to start it again but, for today, they have helped the Americans to make the right decision; "I would like to believe", he adds cryptically, and at that moment turns off his mobile phone.'] ['The film tells the story of Alice  who confesses to a detective named Anita  that her mother Eva  is a dangerous killer. Eva is also a very powerful and wealthy leader of a vast crime syndicate. She discovers that her daughter met with the police and tries to stop her. Unbeknownst at first to both Anita and Eva, Alice escapes from France and leaves for Portugal to reunite with her supposedly dead father. Eva\'s henchmen chase after her. Alice meets a mercenary while escaping, Hugo , who then joins Alice as her protector on her journey to find her father. Anita travels after her, as well. After Eva\'s henchmen close in, Eva reappears to "reclaim" her daughter.'] ['The plot centres on a secret 1968 East-West agreement to halt nuclear proliferation. One of the clauses, the Fourth Protocol, forbids the non-conventional delivery of a nuclear weapon to a target. MI5 agent John Preston  breaks into the residence of British government official George Berenson  on New Year\'s Eve and finds a number of top secret NATO files that should not have been there. He reports his findings to high-ranking British Secret Service official Sir Nigel Irvine , who deals with the leak. However, Preston\'s unauthorized action has embarrassed the acting-Director of MI5, Brian Harcourt-Smith , so as punishment for his insubordination, Preston is relegated to lowly "Airports and Ports". Meanwhile, KGB agent Major Valeri Petrofsky  is sent on a mission to England personally by General Govershin , the head of the KGB. One of Govershin\'s subordinates, Borisov , complains to his old friend General Karpov , about his espionage department being stripped of resources and personnel, particularly his star agent Petrofsky. The surprised Karpov quietly investigates and learns about Petrofsky\'s unsanctioned mission – to violate the Fourth Protocol by assembling and detonating an atomic device so that it will appear to be a nuclear accident at an American base. It is intended to strain Anglo-American relations and strengthen the anti-nuclear movement in advance of an election. In Glasgow, a Russian sailor is struck by a truck while fleeing from a port guard. Among the dead man\'s possessions, Preston finds a disk of polonium, which can only be a component of a detonator for an atomic bomb. He informs Harcourt-Smith, but is promptly suspended, as Harcourt-Smith believes that Preston is manufacturing a fake incident to work his way back into MI5. Luckily however, Preston has the confidence of Sir Bernard Hemmings , the gravely-ill Director of MI5, as well as Irvine who is happy to side-step Harcourt-Smith\'s directives. Preston sets to work and eventually comes across Winkler , a known Czech KGB agent, and tails him from the airport. Meanwhile, Petrofsky meets another KGB agent, Irina Vassilievna , a bomb expert who pretends to be his wife. Under her guidance, they assemble the device from seemingly-harmless items; She sets it on a two-hour delay per their instructions. Later, unbeknownst to Petrofsky, Vassilievna follows her own orders, resetting the delay to zero. After sleeping with Petrofsky, she finds his own secret order to liquidate her and tries to warn him about the double-cross, but he kills her before she can. Afterwards, Petrofsky is observed contacting Winkler. Preston tracks him to Ipswich, loses him, then finds him again. Preston eventually realises that Petrofsky\'s target is RAF Baywaters, and locates Petrofsky\'s house, which lies right next to the base. When Petrofsky starts to activate the bomb, on an impulse, he checks the timer first and realises he has been betrayed. At that moment, British agents storm the house. After a desperate struggle, Preston subdues and disables Petrofsky. However, to Preston\'s outrage, another agent cold-bloodedly executes Petrofsky, explaining afterwards that he had orders to do so. Hemmings dies. At his funeral, Preston is unsurprised to find Irvine secretly meeting with General Karpov. Preston had become suspicious when known KGB agent Winkler was used as a courier, making it easy to follow him, and also when Petrofsky was killed instead of being captured for questioning. He surmised that discrediting Govershin would benefit the two men he sees before him. However, Preston does not see any point in exposing them and leaves after expressing his contempt for their cynical powerplay.'] ['The Hurt Locker opens with a quotation from War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning, a best-selling 2002 book by Chris Hedges, a New York Times war correspondent and journalist: "The rush of battle is a potent and often lethal addiction, for war is a drug."Edelstein, David . Erin . [http://www.popularmechanics.com/technology/military_law/4324279.html "Hurt Locker: Iraqi Explosive Ordnance Disposal Hits the Big Screen". Popular Mechanics. Hearst Communications. Retrieved 2009-11-02. replacing Staff Sergeant Matthew Thompson , who was killed by a radio-controlled 155mm improvised explosive device  in Baghdad. His team includes Sergeant J.T. Sanborn  and Specialist Owen Eldridge . James\'s maverick methods and attitude lead Sanborn and Eldridge to consider him reckless, and tensions mount. When they are assigned to destroy some explosives in a remote desert area, James returns to the detonation site to pick up his gloves. Sanborn openly contemplates killing James by "accidentally" triggering the explosion, making Eldridge very uncomfortable, but he does nothing. Returning to Camp Victory in their Humvee, the team encounter five armed men in traditional Arab garb near their Ford Excursion with a flat tire. After a tense encounter, the men reveal themselves to be private military contractors, British mercenaries. They have captured two prisoners featured on the most-wanted Iraqi playing cards. The entire group suddenly comes under fire. When the prisoners attempt to escape in the confusion, the leader of the mercenaries  remembers the bounty for them is "dead or alive", and shoots them. Enemy snipers kill three of the mercenaries, including the leader. Sanborn and James borrow a Barrett .50 cal to dispatch three attackers, while Eldridge kills a fourth. During a raid on a warehouse, James discovers the body of a young boy, which has been surgically implanted with an unexploded bomb. James believes it to be "Beckham" , a young Iraqi counterfeit DVD seller he had previously befriended. During evacuation, Lieutenant Colonel John Cambridge , the camp\'s psychiatrist and a friend of Eldridge, is killed in an explosion. Eldridge blames himself for the Colonel\'s death. Later, James leaves the military compound seeking revenge for Beckham and breaks into the house of an Iraqi professor, but his search reveals nothing and he leaves. Called to a petrol tanker detonation, James decides on his own to hunt for the insurgents responsible, guessing they are still in the immediate area. Sanborn protests, but when James heads out, he and Eldridge reluctantly follow. After they split up, Eldridge is captured by insurgents. James and Sanborn rescue him but accidentally shoot him in the leg. The following morning, James is approached by Beckham, whom he had believed dead. The young boy tries to play soccer with James and sell more DVDs to him, but the soldier walks by without saying a word. Before being airlifted for surgery elsewhere, Eldridge angrily blames James for his injury. James and Sanborn\'s unit is called to another mission in their last two days of their rotation. An innocent Iraqi civilian man has had a bomb vest strapped to his chest. James tries to cut off the locks to remove the vest, but there are too many to undo in the time available. He has to abandon the man, who is killed when the bomb detonates. Sanborn is left distraught by the man\'s death; he confesses to James that he can no longer cope with the pressure, and wants to return home and have a son. After Bravo Company\'s rotation ends, James returns home to his wife, Connie , and their infant son. However, he feels agitated by the boredom of routine civilian life with its ordinary tasks of shopping at the supermarket and family dinners. One night, James confesses to his son that there is only one thing that he knows he loves. Shortly thereafter, he starts another tour of duty serving with another EOD unit as they are starting their 365-day rotation.'] ["Aegis Oil operates Aegis 1, an oil refinery and several oil rigs in Alaska. They purchased the oil rights from the local Eskimos twenty years ago, but will lose them if the refinery isn’t on-line by a certain deadline. With 13 days to go, and billions of dollars at stake, the company cuts corners and uses faulty equipment. Hugh Palmer, a rig foreman, is aware of this; as he predicts, his rig catches fire. It takes Forrest Taft , a specialist in dealing with oil drilling-related fires, to extinguish the fire. Taft refuses to believe Hugh’s story of faulty equipment, but discovers that it’s true after accessing the company’s computer records. Michael Jennings , the ruthless CEO of Aegis, believes that Hugh's carelessness is to blame and arranges for him to be ‘dealt with’ by his henchmen MacGruder  and Otto . Jennings is alerted to Taft's activities and orders that Taft be also removed. MacGruder and Otto torture and murder Palmer. Taft is set up for a trap by investigating a supposedly damaged pump station. He is badly wounded by an explosion, but survives and is rescued by Masu , the daughter of Silook, the chief of her tribe. MacGruder and Otto are unable to locate Taft's body, and Jennings assumes that he is still alive. Taft is being cared for by Silook's tribe. After unsuccessfully trying to leave, using a dogsled, Silook has Taft undergo a vision quest in which he sees the truth. When made to choose between two women, Taft opts for the elderly, clothed grandmother, forgoing the erotically-charged nude Eskimo seductress. The grandmother warns Taft that time is running out for those who pollute the world. Taft realizes that he has no choice but to see the refinery closed. He leaves, with MacGruder and Otto hot on his trail. At Silook's village, they demand to know where Taft is. Silook refuses to give the information and is fatally shot by MacGruder. Jennings berates MacGruder for killing Silook. They bring in a group of New Orleans based mercenaries led by Stone  to finish off Taft before he can stop Aegis 1 from going on-line. They also have an FBI Anti-Terrorist Unit at the refinery. Accompanied by Masu, Taft , collects weapons and explosives and manages to enter the refinery complex. MacGruder , Otto  and Jennings’ ruthlessly efficient female assistant Liles , are powerless to stop him and are all killed in various gruesome ways. Taft and Masu confront Jennings and string him up, dropping him into the oil, effectively drowning him in his own wealth. A series of explosions destroy the rest of Aegis 1. As an epilogue, Taft, far from being arrested for sabotage and multiple murders , is asked to deliver a speech at the Alaska State Capitol about the dangers of oil pollution, and the companies that are endangering the ecosystem. This speech is reminiscent of Charlie Chaplin's monologue at the end of The Great Dictator. This speech at the end of the film is parodied in the South Park episode Over Logging. During the speech they show a scene of one of the first commercial hydrogen fuel cell systems developed by Perry Energy Systems."] ['Lieutenant General Eugene Irwin  is brought to a maximum security military prison to begin a ten-year sentence for his decision  to send U.S. troops on a mission in Burundi, resulting in the deaths of eight soldiers. Colonel Winter , the prison\'s commandant, is a great admirer of the general but is offended by a comment by Irwin that he overhears. Irwin criticizes Winter\'s much-prized military artifacts collection, saying that the used bullets from the Civil War it includes is something no combat veteran - such as Irwin - would ever have. Colonel Winter, who has never seen combat in his career, quickly resents what he perceives as Irwin\'s attempt to change the attitude of the prisoners, and his admiration and respect of Irwin fades fast. On one occasion, Irwin is punished harshly after stopping a guard from clubbing a prisoner, Corporal Ramon Aguilar, who had made the mistake of saluting Irwin in the prison yard. Continuing to observe acts of cruelty, Irwin attempts to unify the prisoners by building a "castle wall" of stone and mortar at the facility, which in many ways resembles a medieval castle. Envying the respect Irwin is clearly receiving, Winter orders his guards to destroy the wall. Aguilar, directly involved in the building of the wall, takes a stand before the bulldozer. Winter orders a sharpshooter to fire a normally non-lethal rubber bullet directly at Aguilar\'s head, killing him. After the wall is destroyed, Irwin and the inmates pay final respects to Aguilar in formation. Colonel Winter later tries to make amends with Irwin, but Irwin calls him a disgrace to the uniform and demands his resignation. The prisoners begin to behave like soldiers around Irwin, using code words and gestures, infuriating the commandant. Winter reaches out to an anti-social prisoner named Yates , a former officer and Apache pilot convicted of running a drug smuggling ring, bribing him to inform about Irwin\'s plans in exchange for a reduced sentence. Irwin organizes a plot to throw the prison into chaos. His intent is to show a friend, Brigadier General Wheeler , the commandant\'s superior officer, that the commandant is unfit and should be removed from command under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. During a visit by General Wheeler to the prison, Winter receives a letter threatening the kidnapping of Wheeler by the prisoners. After ordering his men into action, Winter discovers that the kidnap scheme was a fake. Irwin orchestrated it as a way to detect how prison guards would react during an actual uprising. Yates becomes the key to their plan, tasked with stealing a U.S. flag from the warden\'s office and seizing a Bell UH-1 helicopter used by guards. The inmate revolt begins. Using improvised weapons  and the tactics of a military unit, the prisoners capture an armored vehicle and the helicopter. The prisoners place a call to Wheeler\'s headquarters and inform him of the riot. Winter has little time to regain control before Wheeler can arrive to see the prison under siege. He orders the use of live ammunition against the prisoners. He also knows from Yates that Irwin\'s ultimate goal is to raise the American flag upside down, a classic signal of distress. Irwin\'s men create havoc but ultimately are confronted with overwhelming numbers of guards, all armed with live ammunition in their weapons. Knowing further resistance would only mean a massacre, Irwin orders the prisoners to stand down. Despite Winter having successfully halted the uprising with the threat of overwhelming force, Irwin elects to hoist the flag personally. Colonel Winter orders his men to open fire on Irwin, but they refuse to do so on the orders of Winter\'s second-in-command, Captain Peretz. The colonel cannot persuade anyone else to follow his command, so he proceeds to shoot Irwin fatally himself. Peretz places the commandant under arrest. The prisoners salute the flag and Winter now sees that Irwin has actually raised the U.S. flag in the correct manner. It flies above the prison\'s walls as Brigadier General Wheeler arrives and Colonel Winter is led away in handcuffs. The story ends with the inmates building a new wall as memorial to their fallen comrades. Aguilar\'s and Irwin\'s names are among those carved onto the castle wall.'] ["In the year of 1910, Hong Kong members of the secret Red Dragon Tong crime family protect their identities by murdering Helena Sale, the daughter of Captain Jackson Sale, a British sea officer who vows revenge and defies the spread of fear created by the Tongs. Helped by a mysterious beggar and a young serving girl named Lee, Sale discovers there's an inside traitor who's been giving vital information to the Tong's, thus making them one step ahead of Sale's findings..."] ["Air Force courier Nick Corrigan is sent to deliver a message to a nuclear missile base in a remote corner of the Midwest. Unbeknownst to him, however, a gang of terrorists have taken over the base in the hopes of launching the missiles at all of the nation's largest cities. In a panic, they lock Nick in the base, thinking to keep him from interfering with their plans. Little do they know, however, that Sgt. Corrigan is a former Special Forces soldier who is more than capable of shutting them down single-handedly."] ["Karl Thomasson , an ex-Special Forces soldier and retired mercenary, is now working as a police detective. One day, he is approached by his old army buddy Teague who gives him a mission: working undercover at a military school where Ted, Teague's nephew, is one of the cadets. Teague believes that the cadets and the student faculty are part of a white supremacist cult being run at the school. Karl accepts the mission and begins working as a history teacher at the school, seeking to expose and eradicate the cult. While investigating, Karl teams up with Devlin, a former member of Karl's Mercenary team who works at the school as a martial arts teacher. They learn that Colonel Brack is leader of the cult and Ted is one of the cult members."] [' Shuya Nanahara, a Japanese middle school student, attempts to cope with life after his father\'s suicide by hanging. Meanwhile, schoolmate Noriko Nakagawa is the only student attending class—3-B. Their teacher, Kitano, quietly leaves upon her tardy, apologetic arrival, but is attacked by student Yoshitoki Kuninobu and resigns after recovering from his wound. One year later, class 3-B takes a field trip after completing their compulsory studies; however, the class is gassed and sent to a "briefing room" on a remote island, wearing electronic collars. Kitano explains that the class has been chosen to participate in this year\'s Battle Royale as a result of the BR Act, which was passed after 800,000 students walked out of school. The orientation video cheerfully instructs the class to kill each other for three days until only one student remains. Students resistant to their rules or entering one of the randomly placed "death zones" for each day are to be killed by the collar\'s detonation. One of the 42 students, Fumiyo Fujiyoshi, interrupts the video by whispering to her friends; Kitano kills her on the spot with a thrown knife. While a shocked class is subdued by soldiers, Kuninobu openly confronts the viciousness of Kitano and the teacher slashes him with a knife  before detonating his collar while Shuya, his best friend, watches in horror. Each student is provided a bag of food and water, map of the island, compass, and one item containing either a lethal weapon  or an item apparently worthless toward survival . The weapons are supposed to eliminate any natural advantage any one student might have over the others. The program\'s first six hours see twelve deaths, four of which are suicides. Brazen, mute "exchange student" Kazuo Kiriyama and quietly deranged classmate Mitsuko Souma soon become the most dangerous players in the game, while another exchange student, Shogo Kawada seems somewhat more merciful. Shuya promises to keep Noriko safe for Kuninobu because he was in love with her, but never told her. Other students have various goals in the game: Shinji Mimura and his friends plot to hack into the military\'s computer systems and destroy their base of operations; Hiroki Sugimura searches for his best friend Takako Chigusa and his love interest Kayoko Kotohiki. Chigusa runs into Kazushi Niida, who is sexually obsessed with her; Chigusa kills him after he attempts forcing himself on her, but is herself killed by Mitsuko. Kawada teams with Shuya and Noriko, and reveals that he won a previous Battle Royale at the cost of his girlfriend, Keiko; he now swears vengeance. The trio are forced to separate when Kiriyama attacks, and Sugimura rescues Shuya, assisted by his assigned "weapon," a GPS tracking device. Shuya awakens bandaged by Yukie Utsumi in the island\'s lighthouse, where she helps reorient him to the events of the past 14 hours; five other girls on the school\'s cheerleading squad have also been guarding and hiding out in the building, apparently since the beginning of the program. Utsumi gathers the girls around the dining table to weigh in on a possible method of escape from the island which Shuya has informed her of. Yuko Sakaki, thinking that Shuya murdered a friend of hers, attempts to poison Shuya\'s food, but it is inadvertently eaten by one of the girls, killing her and sparking a massive, fear-fueled gunfight resulting in all the girls\' deaths—except Yuko. She realises the enormity of her paranoia and commits suicide, jumping from the deck of the lighthouse. Shuya returns to Noriko and Kawada, and they set out to find Mimura\'s group. To a small warehouse, Sugimura tracks down Kotohiki, who panics and kills him shortly after; Sugimura professes his love before dying. Kotohiki cries in despair, and is found and killed by Mitsuko. Watching from the rafters, Kiriyama then guns down and kills Mitsuko after she sadly dispenses some fitting advice to her two  classmates. Upon the rapidly-consecutive deaths of Sugimura, Kotohiki and Souma, all of the seven students remaining are either preparing or willing to completely subvert the operations of the "game" – save for the psychopathic Kiriyama. "The Third Man", a hacker group consisting of Mimura, Iijima and Yutaka, successfully infiltrate the military\'s computer system and prepare to destroy the perimeter using a truck converted into a fire-bomb. However, at the last second they are found by Kiriyama, who kills them all, but one of them manages to detonate the truck, seriously injuring the killer. When Kawada, Noriko and Shuya arrive at the hackers\' burning base, Kawada confronts and kills the shrapnel-blinded, Uzi-armed Kiriyama with his SPAS-12 shotgun. On the morning of the final day, Kawada, aware of the collars\' internal microphones, takes Shuya and Noriko aside and fakes their deaths. Suspecting that Kawada has won through manipulation of the BR system, Kitano ends the game and dismisses the troops before establishing final protocol, intent on personally killing the young man. Kitano realizes that Kawada, and not Mimura, has hacked into the game\'s intranet system months beforehand, and has now disabled Shuya and Noriko\'s tracking devices. Kitano unveils a homemade painting of the dead students, with Noriko indicated as the winner. He reveals that he was unable to bear the mutual hatred between him and his students, having been rejected by his daughter, Shiori. He also confesses that he always thought of Noriko as a daughter. He asks the confused, reluctant Noriko to kill him, but is quickly shot by Shuya after he threatens her at gunpoint. As he falls, Kitano shoots, and it is shown that the weapon in his hand was a mere water-gun. Suddenly, his phone rings, and Kitano sits down to answer it, telling Shiori that "if you hate someone, you take the consequences" before finally dying. Shuya, Noriko and Kawada leave the island on a boat, but Kawada dies from injuries sustained in his gunfight with Kiriyama – "glad" that in the end, he "found true friends." Shuya and Noriko are declared fugitive murderers, and last seen on the run in the direction of Tokyo\'s Shibuya train station.'] ["After witnessing gangster Eddie Kim brutally beat U.S. Prosecutor Daniel Hayes to death in Hawaii, Sean Jones is escorted by FBI agents Neville Flynn and John Sanders on a Boeing 747-400 to testify in a trial in Los Angeles. Despite increased security for the flight, Kim arranges for a time-release crate full of venomous snakes to be placed in the cargo hold in an attempt to bring down the plane before it reaches Los Angeles International Airport . To ensure the snakes attack the passengers without being provoked, he has one of his henchmen disguised as an airport ground employee spray the passengers' leis with a special pheromone which makes the snakes more aggressive in their attack. The crate opens midway through the flight and the snakes make their way through the cabin. A cat in the cargo bay, a couple having sex in the lavatory, and a man using the bathroom are the first killed. The plane's captain, Sam McKeon, investigates and fixes an electrical short, but is killed by the viper that caused it. Co-pilot Rick, unaware of the snake, believes Sam has suffered a heart attack and continues toward LAX. Some of the snakes attack Rick, and while fending them off he accidentally releases the oxygen masks throughout the plane, and snakes drop into the cabin with them. Numerous passengers, including Agent Sanders, are killed. The surviving passengers, who have made their way to the front of the plane, put up blockades of luggage in a desperate attempt to stop the snakes. Agent Flynn contacts FBI Special Agent Hank Harris on the ground, who gets in touch with ophiologist Dr. Steven Price . Based on pictures of the reptiles emailed to him via a mobile phone, Price believes a Los Angeles snake dealer to be responsible. After a shootout with the dealer, he reveals that Kim hired him to obtain the snakes. His supply of anti-venom is commandeered for the plane's victims, and Harris gives orders to have Eddie Kim arrested. Rick is attacked and the plane starts to dip downwards, causing a food trolley to crash through the luggage blockade. The passengers flee to the upstairs first class cabin before blocking the stairwell with an inflatable liferaft. Agent Flynn and Flight Attendant Claire regain control of the plane. Rick retakes the controls and has Flynn go into the cargo hold to restore the air conditioning/ventilation system. Harris contacts Flynn, telling him that anti-venom will be ready for the passengers when they land. However, Flynn discovers that the cockpit is filled with snakes and Rick is dead. After a brief discussion, Troy, Three Gs' bodyguard, agrees to land the plane based on prior experience. After everyone gets prepared, Flynn shoots out two windows with his pistol, causing the plane to depressurize. The snakes are blown out of the cockpit and the lower floor of the plane. Flynn and Troy take the controls of the plane and Troy reveals that his flight experience was from a video game flight simulator. After an emergency landing, the plane makes it to the terminal. The passengers leave the plane and anti-venom is given to those who need it. Just as Flynn and Sean are about to disembark the plane, a final snake jumps out and bites Sean in the chest. Flynn draws his gun and shoots the snake, and paramedics rush to Sean, who is unharmed due to a bulletproof vest. Sean later takes Flynn to Bali and teaches him how to surf."] ["Single mother Senga  and her 15-year-old daughter Nat  are on a six-hour drive home, following a visit to Marek, Nat's father, for her birthday. After the occurrence of several eerie incidents, Senga decides to stop at a highway diner. There, Nat meets The Backpacker  and offers her a ride. Senga is visibly disturbed by The Backpacker and the strange ambient CD she plays in the car. They drop her at a picnic area and when they return seconds later to return the CD she left in the car, she appears to have disappeared. Shortly after, Nat convinces her mother to return to the diner, so that she can get her birthday present from Marek. Already stressed from the long drive, Senga is furious when she discovers that Marek has bought Nat tickets to a concert that she has refused to allow her to attend. After a heated argument, Nat gets into an RV with The Backpacker and a strange couple. Senga solicits the assistance of a police officer, but when she seems unhelpful, goes after the RV herself tailing the officer who had just left the diner. When she catches up with the group, she breaks into their RV and discovers a number of strange and horrifying things, including thermoses full of blood and videos of young girls talking about their past lives. She escapes the RV before anyone returns, but when they get back on the road, The Backpacker reveals herself to be hiding in the backseat. She strangles Senga and causes her to crash. In the back of an oil tanker, Nat parties with The Backpacker and a young man, who tell her about their group and their enigmatic leader. Senga is woken by The Recovery Man , a disturbed drifter who cruises highways in his tow truck, who insists that Senga come with him. In his car, she finds a picture of a girl she saw in a video in the RV. The Recovery Man informs Senga that the girl is Christine, his dead sister. Senga is taken to a police station, where she reports Nat's disappearance. The police are less than helpful, and, in frustration, Senga asks them to call Marek. The man who answers Marek's mobile is not Senga's ex-husband, but The Father , the cult's leader; he tells the police that Senga is on medication, and that Nat has been with him all weekend. After a series of outbursts and hallucinations, Senga encounters three of the cult members and follows them to an abandoned research facility. Here, she encounters the Recovery Man again. While Nat meets the Father, The Recovery Man sets off one of his bombs, killing most of the cult members. Before The Father can initiate Nat, Senga attacks him. Mother and daughter flee in different directions, with Senga being pursued by The Backpacker and Nat being placated by The Father, who uses a loudspeaker to talk to her. During the fight, The Father reveals that Senga wanted to have an abortion when she discovered she was pregnant with Nat. The shock of this revelation leaves Senga in a near catatonic state. The Recovery Man pulls her out of her stupor by showing her Marek's body. Senga uses this information to demonstrate to Nat how evil her new friends are. While mother and daughter try to escape, The Recovery Man and The Father wrestle; when The Father bites The Recovery Man's tongue and spits it out, Senga detonates his last bomb, killing them both. Mother and daughter continue their drive home, but when they stop at a gas station, they return to their car to find razor blades &mdash; The Father's calling card &mdash; attached to the rear view mirror."] ['Rutger Hauer plays Nick Parker, an American soldier who is blinded while serving in the Vietnam War. Parker is blinded by a mortar explosion, but is soon after rescued by local villagers, who help him recover his health . As part of his recovery, he is taught to be an expert swordsman by the local master. Years later, having returned to the United States, he visits old army-buddy Frank Deveraux , only to find that Deveraux is missing. Parker then rescues Frank\'s son Billy  from an attack in which Billy\'s mother  is shot and killed by the henchmen of Frank\'s evil boss, MaCready . These men apparently want to kidnap Billy in order to use him as leverage over Frank. Parker and Billy, chased by MaCready\'s men and lead villain , make their way to Reno, Nevada, where Deveraux is being forced to make designer drugs, which MaCready plans to sell at his casino. Along the way, the two grow fond of each other after a rough start, and numerous attacks by the bad guys are foiled by Nick and his skills. Impressed by Parker\'s martial-arts skill, MaCready hires a Master Ninja  to defeat Parker once and for all. This leads to an epic sword-fight between the two in MaCready\'s penthouse, in which Nick eventually wins by submerging the room into darkness so that he has the advantage. With MaCready and his men dead, Billy is reunited with his father. A tearful Frank confesses to Parker that he has long blamed himself for the accident in Vietnam, and Frank is now able to forgive himself. Although now considered "Uncle Nick" to the young Billy, Parker leaves Frank and Billy to travel on his own.'] ['{{plot}} Two Supreme Court justices are assassinated by the professional assassin "Sam" Khamel . Tulane University Law School student Darby Shaw  suspects the real motive might be simple greed, not politics. She writes a legal brief, and shows it to her law professor, mentor and lover Thomas Callahan . He gives a copy to his friend Gavin Verheek ([[John Heard  at the FBI. Callahan is killed by a car bomb; Darby escapes because she would not get into the car with her drunk lover. She realizes she is under surveillance and is attacked by an unknown assailant. Realizing that her brief was accurate, she goes into hiding and reaches out to Verheek for help. Political reporter Gray Grantham  is contacted by an informant who calls himself "Garcia" who claims to have information about the assassinations. "Garcia" disappears. Darby then contacts Grantham and mentions the Pelican Brief; Grantham discovers the information Darby discloses has validity. Darby finds out that her computer, disks and files are gone from her apartment. Soon after, she is attacked again, but again escapes. She contacts Verheek and arranges to meet him in a crowded public place. Prior to their meeting, Verheek is murdered by Khamel, who then goes to the meeting impersonating Verheek. Before Khamel can kill her he is shot and killed by an unknown agent. Darby contacts Grantham again and agrees to meet him in New York City. There, she gives him the details of her brief. The legal brief speculates that the assassinations were committed on behalf of Victor Mattiece, an oil tycoon who wants to drill for oil on a Louisiana marshland which is a major habitat of an endangered species of pelicans. A court case on appeal is expected to make its way to the Supreme Court. The two slain justices had a history of environmentalism — their only common view — and thus Darby surmised that Mattiece hoped to turn the case in his favor by eliminating the two justices, thus leaving the President to appoint new justices more likely to rule in his favor. Grantham tells her about "Garcia", and together they discover that "Garcia" is Curtis Morgan , a lawyer in the oil and gas division of White & Blazevich in Washington. Darby visits White & Blazevich, pretending to have an appointment with Morgan. She is told that he had been killed. She suspects that his discovery of incriminating evidence was the real reason for his murder. She and Grantham visit his widow, who gives them a key to a safe deposit box. Darby visits the bank to retrieve the contents of the box. When she and Grantham return to their vehicle, Grantham has difficulty starting the car. Darby recognizes the faltering sound as the same sound she heard just before Callahan was killed. They flee the vehicle and are pursued by a car, which crashes into their parked vehicle, detonating the bomb and killing one of their pursuers. They escape to the Washington Herald building, where they review the documents and a videotape recovered from Morgan\'s box. The tape confirms Morgans discovery that Mattiece ordered the assassination of the justices and the documents confirm the accusations. With the evidence that he needs, Grantham writes his story. He gives the FBI a chance to comment. Director Voyles  on the record confirms that the Pelican Brief was delivered to the White House; off the record, he reveals that the President ordered the FBI to "back off". He tells Darby that CIA agents were investigating Mattiece, and that one of them killed Khamel to save her life. A plane is arranged for Darby to flee the country. The movie ends with Darby at her hideaway, watching Grantham being interviewed on TV, where it is revealed that Mattiece and two of his lawyers have been indicted in federal court, the President\'s chief of staff has resigned, and the President himself will not run for office again. Grantham deflects speculation that Darby is fictional, but does agree that she is "almost" too good to be true. Her life having been saved, Darby smiles as the screen cuts to black.'] ["Redemption begins with a brief prologue showing a young boy being kidnapped at night, indoctrinated, and drafted along with other boys into a rebel militia so they could take part in a coup d'état,<ref nameEric Goldman|publisherOctober 3, 2008|accessdateIGN: 24: Redemption Preview|url http://web.archive.org/web/20081007094943/http://tv.ign.com/articles/916/916292p1.html?| archivedate no}} which is being funded by a shadow organization led by Jonas Hodges . In Washington, D.C., Chris Whitley  is ordered by the conspirators who fund Juma's militia to erase all information that would incriminate them. Instead, he calls his friend Roger Taylor , the son of President Elect Allison Taylor , for help. After Roger hears of the conspiracy, Whitley returns to his home to forward the files, only to be stopped by Hodges's men, who take the information, kill Whitley and bury the body in concrete."] ['Suryaveer "Surya" Singh  is a bitter man and ex-Army officer, hired by his friend Shekhar Vurma  to protect a little girl, Anamika R. Rathore , who resides in Bangkok, Thailand with her Non-resident Indian  family. He drinks all the time, and is not interested in befriending the girl. Eventually, she wins his heart and he helps her to prepare for a swim meet. One day Anamika gets kidnapped and Surya gets badly injured. Her father is not able to pay the sum in order to release his daughter. So Suryaveer uses all his skills to save the life of the child, only to find out about the conspiracy that is behind the little girl\'s kidnapping. Surya learns that Chang, Shekhar\'s lawyer, is behind some of this. The real mastermind behind this is Chang\'s brother. Surya holds Chang hostage, while Chang\'s brother holds Anamika hostage. When they come to exchange the people, Chang\'s brother reveals a great secret to Surya. Surya learns that Shekhar was all behind this. Surya kills Chang\'s brother\'s men. A great fight between Shekhar and Surya starts. Shekhar is killed, and Surya spends the rest of his life with Anamika and her mother. In the end, Anamika gets a new bodyguard and the film shows her during her swimming practice, with Surya and her new bodyguard 15 years later.'] ["{{plot}}}} This synopsis is incorrect in that the flight is carrying a death ray , the plane crashes in Canada , Agent Ross works for the CIA , and that Agent Ross' main concern is recovering the death ray ."] ["Taking place in the Gunma prefecture in Japan, the film concerns a young tofu-delivery driver named Takumi Fujiwara, trained from a young age and way before he could drive to deliver tofu to the peak of Mt Akina and unknown. He had been trained to an incredible level of skill in taking on the five hairpin corners plus using the gutter techniques of Mt. Akina . The film chronicles his evolution from an uninterested delivery boy into a hardened tōge racer, also showing how he learns techniques of racing without affecting his delivery load. Takumi drives his father, Bunta Fujiwara's Toyota Sprinter Trueno GT-APEX  which is seemingly unmodified but is perfectly suited for the downhill corners of Mt. Akina, which gains the attention of local street racers all across the prefecture. Some ultimately challenge Takumi to races on Akina's downhill, including Takeshi Nakazato who leads the NightKids team and drives a Nissan Skyline GT-R . Ryosuke Takahashi, leader of the RedSuns team and a driver of the Mazda RX-7  helps out Takumi along the way by giving him advice and teaching him about car mechanics. Takumi agrees to race Ryosuke in three weeks. While following the path of a street racer, Takumi must deal with his alcoholic father and his girlfriend Natsuki Mogi  who's with an older man  at a love hotel for two weeks as he takes on more difficult challenges. With all the talk on Takumi's AE86, Takumi's close friend Itsuki Tachibana buys a new car after his Nissan Silvia gets totalled. He wounds up buying but swindled  getting a faulty AE86 instead. Takumi was lured by Itsuki to teach driving down Mt Akina, but halfway through, a member from the Emperor Team taunts them and almost made them crash, which makes Takumi angry and successfully getting back at the Emperor Team's racer, where his Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution IV crashed. Takumi thus gains more fame, but the Emperor Team is mad. Afterward, his AE86 apparently breaks down mechanically after being bothered from a racer in the Emperor Team as payback, which led to Bunta dropping a new TRD 20-valve SilverTop racing engine and modifying the car. Takumi tests his new car, but is not used to the new mechanics, until Bunta teaches him how to drive right, he becomes ready. Though, Takumi is bothered by Natsuki's absence, and despite a fight between Itsuki and him where Itsuki claimed he saw Natsuki coming out of a love hotel with her older partner and he impulsively declares Natsuki a slut , Takumi suspects something amiss about her. When Ryousuke and Takeshi arrive to pick him up for their duel, Takumi follows, but he briefly sees Natsuki with her older partner, which seemingly confirms what Itsuki saw. At last the showdown on the Emperor Team, Ryosuke and Takumi race along with the racer from the Emperor Team, Kyouichi. Ryousuke and Takumi handle their common opponent from the Emperor Team and work together. The Emperor Team loses when Kyouichi swerves to avoid hitting another car and refused to listen to advice. The race then leaves only Takumi and Ryosuke where they take each other on. In the midst, Bunta explains the factors on Takumi's chances to win, and finally Takumi succeeds to win the event by beating Ryousuke at the last hairpin turn with the new car's mechanics that he learned. After the race, at a convenience store Ryosuke offers Takumi a chance on a racing team composed of expert racers, on which Takumi has been undecided. Until he discovers his girlfriend being dropped off by the older partner he confirms the suspicions of her and he runs away from her, but she kept running towards him. Outrunning Natsuki and back to his car where he tearfully drives away, he is upset and their relationship ends with Natsuki regretfully crying. In the end Takumi apologizes to Itsuki and he joins Ryousuke's team as the film ends."] ["In Texas, Sergeant Archie Sparks , an MP, has finally caught up with AWOL Corporal Meredith Cole , who was accused of assaulting a commanding officer. Archie turns his back on Meredith for just a second, and there she goes off and running again. Cole finds herself on an American Auto Coach bus on her way to El Paso, along with an eclectic group of passengers all geared up for an uneventful ride, that is until the bus passes a group of meth-addicted, nomadic bikers who taunt the passengers by doing all kinds of motorcycle stunts all around the bus. Before long, one of the bikers makes a mistake and ends up under the wheels of the bus, and the rest of the bikers want revenge. The driver, Danny Gunn  stops the bus to help, and when Danny gets out, one of the bikers kills Danny. Stray shots from the biker also wound Meredith and passenger Joey Ryan . Another passenger, Jerry Yarbro , a high school football coach who was accused of assaulting a student, retrieves the biker's weapon, while Walter Lindley , another passenger, retrieves Danny's keys. The surviving passengers drive away in the bus in an effort to get away from the bikers. As they flee down the highway, Joey dies from her injuries. The rest of the passengers include single mother Maudie McMinn , moody, wayward father Sam Cutter , tough woman Desiree , her extremely skittish boyfriend Duke , Annabel Drake  a vegan who happens to be a competitive archer, and Ramon Vargas  a Spanish-speaking electrician. At Jerry's insistence, they take the bus down a side road. The bikers force the bus off the road at an abandoned junkyard, where the bus crashes, killing Walter. The passengers build a makeshift bunker that the bikers surround. And Jerry, who seems to have anger management issues, still has the gun. The group is now on the defensive against the vengeful bikers. But they realize that in order to survive, they must go on the offensive and fight back against the bikers. That evening, they make a plan to hold out in the junkyard while Maudie, , crosses 20 miles of desert to reach the nearest town for help. As the remaining survivors fight back with captured guns, Annabel's target bow, and Ramon's jury-rigged cannon, Maudie gets away from the compound. Maudie meets up with Archie, and they kill some of the bikers. The two make it back to the compound during the middle of the confrontation, in which the remaining bikers injure Ramon and kill Duke, Desiree, and Jerry. After the remaining bikers are killed, the survivors -- Sam, Meredith, Annabel, and Ramon -- are driven to the nearest town by Maudie and Archie. Later, at a hospital, Maudie reunites with her daughters, and Meredith again evades the army, this time with Archie's help. Meredith joins Sam and Annabel as they head back out on the road in a minivan."] ['Two U.S. Diplomatic Security Service agents are gunned down while trying to intercept a briefcase exchange taking place in a United Nations parking garage. The murders are caught on a CCTV camera but the killer escapes with the top secret information. Six months later, tow truck driver Mark Warren  is arrested for a weapons violation after a firefighter finds a pistol in his truck after a car accident, enabling the Chicago Police Department to discover he is the federal fugitive Mark Roberts wanted for the double-homicide. Roberts boards a prisoner transport back to New York, sharing the flight with Deputy U.S. Marshal Samuel Gerard , who is escorting prisoners unrelated to Roberts\' case. Roberts thwarts an assassination attempt by Chinese prisoner Vincent Ling with a zip gun, but the bullet pierces the window and depressurizes the cabin, forcing a crash landing. Gerard discovers Roberts has fled the crash site and DSS Special Agent John Royce  is assigned to join Gerard\'s team to hunt Roberts. Later, Roberts hijacks a truck and runs a police car off the road before escaping. Gerard\'s team track him in the woods and while looking, Roberts takes Royce Hostage. Gerard finds them and a stand off occurs which ends with Roberts shooting Gerard and escaping into the swamp. Roberts makes it to New York City, secures money, weapons and fake ID, and begins conducting surveillance on Chinese attaché/spy Xiang Chen . In Chicago, Gerard and the marshals pursue several leads, including Roberts\' girlfriend Marie Bineaux  as well as the airplane mechanic who hid the zip gun, the latter of whom the marshals find killed by Chen. Gerard and team watch the UN surveillance footage of the murders in the parking garage and realize that Roberts acted in self-defense and was wearing gloves; thus couldn\'t have been identified by fingerprints at the scene as was claimed. Confronted with the evidence, DSS Director Bertram Lamb  informs Gerard that "Mark Roberts" is in fact Mark Sheridan, a highly-trained covert operative that went rogue during an investigation to find the mole within the U.S. State Department that had been selling secrets to China. Chen was the contact delivering the money to Sheridan for the information and when DSS agents tried to apprehend him, Sheridan killed them and disappeared. Eventually, the team catches up with Sheridan in the Bohemian National Cemetery where Sheridan meets with, and threatens to expose, DSS Special Agent Frank Barrows  as one of the conspirators who framed him. Chen tries to snipe Sheridan as he leaves the cemetery, but inadvertently kills Barrows instead. Sheridan flees to a retirement home followed by Gerard, Royce and Deputy Marshal Noah Newman , while Chen is caught and detained by Deputy Marshals Savannah Cooper  and Bob Biggs . At the retirement home, Gerard and Royce chase Sheridan to the eighth floor and search for him, room by room. Royce walks in the room of an emphysemic patient where Sheridan jumps on him and the two fight. Newman overhears the fight and walks into the room where he witnesses Royce holding Sheridan at gunpoint. Royce suddenly shoots Newman with his Taurus PT945 pistol and later lies to the team, claiming Sheridan got a shot off and Newman walked into it. Sheridan escapes by jumping from the building onto the roof of a passing Metro-North train. Newman is mortally wounded, and dies during the ambulance ride to the hospital, with a devastated Gerard by his side. After finding empty motion sickness pill containers in a stolen car, Gerard tracks down Sheridan on a freighter bound for Canada. During a brief scuffle, Sheridan gains the upper-hand and grabs Gerard\'s gun, aiming it at him but then lowering it without taking the shot. Sheridan is then shot from behind by Royce who fires rather recklessly, almost hitting Gerard. The Marshal notices the D.S.S. agent now carries a Glock 22. Sheridan is taken into custody. Gerard begins to suspect Royce may be associated with the mole within the U.S. State Department when Royce hands him the pistol he used to kill Newman . Left alone to guard Sheridan\'s hospital room, Royce wakes Sheridan up, releases him from his restraints and plants a knife to claim an attempted escape and therefore justifiable self-defense in shooting Sheridan. Gerard interrupts Royce before he can shoot a weakened Sheridan with his Glock and tricks him into revealing his status as the rogue agent, before revealing that he has also removed Royce\'s magazine to disarm him. Royce pulls his concealed backup firearm but is shot by Gerard on warning from Sheridan. After leaving the hospital, Sheridan\'s charges are dropped and he is released. Gerard then takes his team out to drink a toast as a tribute to Newman.'] ['Samantha Caine  is a mother and schoolteacher with a seemingly normal life in the small town of Honesdale, Pennsylvania. Eight years previously, she was found pregnant and badly injured, suffering complete amnesia after being found washed up on a beach in New Jersey. Since that time, she has hired a series of private investigators to try to uncover her past with no success, the latest  being wisecracking, ethically challenged private investigator Mitch Henessey . When television footage of a parade she participated in is broadcast, a one-eyed convict, "One-Eyed" Jack , recognizes her immediately and escapes on a mission of revenge. Caine is injured in a car accident when her car hits a deer in the middle of the road and crashes into a tree, and begins displaying unexpected skills and ruthlessness, manifesting in surprising knife-wielding abilities and uncharacteristic harshness directed toward her daughter Caitlin . When Jack suddenly attacks her, she dispatches him with lethal self-defense skills she was not aware she possessed, culminating in snapping his neck with a cold-blooded rabbit punch. Meantime, Henessy has had a break in her case—a suitcase has been found in the attic of a boarding house Caine briefly stayed at years before, discovered after the landlady died. With Hennessy and information found in the suitcase, Caine seeks out Dr. Nathan Waldman ([[Brian Cox . During the trip, Caine discovers a disassembled Remington 700 in a hidden compartment in the suitcase and smoothly assembles it out of conditioned reflex. Though Hennessy displays strong misgivings at where the situation is headed , Caine talks him into pressing on. When they meet Waldman, he reveals that Caine is really Charlene Elizabeth "Charly" Baltimore, an assassin for the CIA who went missing eight years ago. Hennessy is doubtful of this, as well as Waldman\'s sanity, until armed men who\'ve been narrowing in on them begin shooting. Caine/Baltimore\'s skills help them escape. Baltimore and Hennessy drive to an isolated farm to visit Luke ([[David Morse , a man to whom a note in the suitcase led her to believe she was engaged. They learn too late that Luke, aka "Daedalus", was actually a target she was assigned to assassinate eight years earlier . Daedelus is pleasantly surprised that Baltimore, Hennessy, and Waldman have delivered themselves to him. Waldman is killed, Hennessy is imprisoned and beaten, while Baltimore is tortured for information: She is stripped down to her slip, bra, and panties, bound with rope by her hands and feet to a waterwheel, and repeatedly lowered into ice cold water until near drowning. During this process, her real identity fully resurfaces she, kills Daedelus, escapes, kills his henchmen, and frees Hennessy. Although Charly Baltimore initially disdains her life as \'Samantha Caine\' , Hennessy forces her to recognize that she actually liked her time as Samantha as it was the first time she was truly content with herself. While attempting to resolve her conflicted feelings about her past, Baltimore discovers that her former boss at the CIA, Leland Perkins , has allied with a psychological-operations specialist named Timothy , who is a former lover of Charly, in a false flag plot to detonate a chemical bomb in downtown Niagara Falls, New York, frame "Islamic" terrorists for the crime, and thus secure more funding. She and a still-reluctant Hennessy set out to thwart the plot and rescue Caitlin, who has been kidnapped on Perkins\' order while his henchmen were trying to kill Baltimore. Baltimore and Hennessy attack the operation\'s staging area, where the truck bomb is being prepared. Along the way, Baltimore confronts Timothy with her now-restored memories of how she was shot in the head and left for dead by Jack  and reveals to Timothy that Caitlin is in fact "his" daughter. Timothy is dubious until he looks in Caitlin\'s eyes, recognizing their similarity to his own, but decides to kill Baltimore and Caitlin anyway and continue the operation. Baltimore escapes with Caitlin and, with Hennessy\'s help, thwarts the operation, killing Timothy\'s henchmen and ultimately Timothy himself. In an epilogue, Baltimore has returned to her assumed identity as Samantha Caine, declining an offer to rejoin the CIA. For his part, Hennessy enjoys the publicity attracted by his role in the crisis, and is last seen being interviewed by Larry King.'] ['Artist Jennifer Spencer and her sister were raped by a group of young men 10 years ago, after being betrayed by a female friend, Ray Parkins. The brutal rape left Jennifer\'s sister permanently catatonic. Spencer seeks revenge, and begins by killing George Wilburn with two shots from a .38 snubnosed revolver, one in the groin and one in the head. She leaves San Francisco for the town of San Paulo because of the police investigation, and begins restoring its boardwalk\'s historic carousel near the beach where the rapes occurred. Meanwhile, San Francisco Police Department Homicide Inspector Harry Callahan is frustrated when a judge yet again dismisses a case due to unreasonable search and seizure. At his favorite diner, the inspector interrupts a robbery and kills most of the criminals. When the surviving robber takes a hostage, Callahan challenges him to "Go ahead, make my day"; the criminal surrenders. Callahan causes powerful crime lord Threlkis to suffer a fatal heart attack at his granddaughter\'s wedding. Lieutenant Donnelly and other angry superior officers cannot fire or suspend the notorious inspector because, as the police commissioner admits, his "unconventional methods ... get results", albeit with tremendous physical destruction and bad publicity for the department. They order him to take a vacation, which Callahan spends with his .44 AutoMag. Four of Threlkis\'s hitmen attack the inspector; only one escapes alive. The suspect from the dismissed case and his friends also attack, throwing two Molotov cocktails into Callahan\'s car. He uses one of the bombs to cause them to drive into the bay, killing them. Donnelly sends the inspector to San Paulo to investigate the murder of the man Spencer killed. While the victim is from there, it is also to protect both Callahan and civilians; as Donnelly notes, "people have a nasty habit of getting dead around you." While jogging in San Paulo with his bulldog "Meathead", Callahan meets Spencer. He is hunted by the surviving Threlkis hitman, but kills him after being warned by Meathead. Meanwhile, Spencer kills a second rapist, Kruger, at the beach; although Callahan recognizes the modus operandi, police chief Lester Jannings refuses to work with the famous "big city hotshot" inspector. Callahan realizes that the victims and Parkins are friends of Jannings\' son, Alby, while Parkins realizes that the rapists are being targeted and warns two others, Tyrone and Mick. After fighting Kruger\'s uncooperative brothers-in-law Eddie and Carl, Callahan meets Spencer again and learns that she shares his emphasis on results over methods when seeking justice, although the inspector adds the caveat "\'til it breaks the law." Callahan visits Tyrone\'s home and finds him dead, another victim of Spencer. Parkins and Mick are staying at her home to protect themselves. When the inspector visits them for questioning, Mick attacks him. After Callahan takes Mick to the police station, Spencer comes in and kills Parkins. Callahan and Spencer meet again and sleep together, but on his way out he notices Spencer\'s car, which he had seen earlier at Parkins\' house. He goes back to Parkins\' house and finds her body. Eddie and Carl bail Mick out, and they find Callahan, beat him up, and throw him into the sea. Spencer visits Alby Jannings, who now is also catatonic after his guilty conscience caused him to attempt suicide in a car accident. Chief Jannings admits that to protect his reputation and his only child he "fixed" the crimes but promises that Mick, whom he does not know is free, will now be punished. Mick and the others, however, capture Spencer and kill the chief with her .38. Callahan survives and retrieves his AutoMag. Mick\'s group brings Spencer to the beach for another rape, but she escapes to the carousel. They recapture her, but are startled by the inspector\'s apparent return from death. After killing the others, Callahan chases Mick, who has taken Spencer hostage atop a roller coaster. The inspector again challenges Mick to "make my day"; when Spencer escapes, Callahan shoots him. Mick falls and is impaled on a carousel unicorn. The police find Spencer\'s .38 with Mick; ballistics, Callahan states, will find that "his gun … was used in all the killings." He and Spencer leave the crime scene.'] ["Michael, the son of Robert Gant , director of the Defense Intelligence Agency , is kidnapped when he returns home from a trip to Berlin, despite a heavily armed DIA escort. The kidnapper is a former DIA agent named Sever . Former FBI agent Jeremiah Ecks  is asked by his old boss, Martin, to investigate the case. Ecks realizes that the kidnapper must be one of the Chinese girls the DIA adopts and trains as secret agents and assassins. Gant orders his DIA agents led by his right hand man, Ross, to pursue Sever. Ecks discovers that Gant stole a dangerous nanobot assassin, which operates in the human circulatory system. Gant had placed the nanobot in Michael's body in order to smuggle it into the country. At the outset of the film we see that Gant is married to Vinn , who was previously married to Ecks. It is later revealed that Gant separated Vinn and Ecks by staging their deaths by car bomb so that each of them thought the other was dead. Vinn was officially declared dead and had a closed-casket funeral attended by Ecks. Gant had also facilitated a mission in which Sever's husband and child are killed. Sever blames Gant for their deaths so it initially appears that Sever has kidnapped Gant's son, Michael, for revenge but we later learn that Michael is not Gant's son but it is actually Ecks who is Michael's father and Sever has kidnapped Michael to keep him safe from Gant. A final battle happens near an old railroad station. There, Ross and Gant confront Ecks and Sever who have teamed up to defeat Gant. A long battle with explosions and gunfire follows, with Ecks and Sever eventually getting the upper hand on the DIA agents sent to kill them. Ross confronts Sever inside a laboratory and hand-to-hand combat ensues. Eventually Sever wins the fight and kills Ross with a death strike to the neck. It is then revealed that Gant has placed the nanobot inside Michael's arm but as he attempts to retrieve it, he is surprised to learn that it isn't there. Sever then shoots Gant in the arm with the bullet prepared earlier with the nanobot, produces the remote for the nanobot and presses the button - killing him. Sever escapes as the police and FBI arrive. The film concludes with Ecks and Sever overlooking the sea and Ecks thanking Sever for reuniting him with his family."] ['Jack Ryan  is on a "working vacation" in London with his family. He has retired from the Central Intelligence Agency  and is a professor at the U.S. Naval Academy. They witness an attack on Lord William Holmes , British Secretary of State for Northern Ireland and a distant cousin of the Queen Mother. Ryan intervenes and kills one of the assailants, Patrick Miller, while his older brother Sean  looks on. Ryan is badly wounded. The remaining attackers flee and leave Miller to be apprehended by the police. While recovering, Ryan is called to testify in court against Miller, who is part of a fictional breakaway group of the Provisional Irish Republican Army. Ryan is awarded a knighthood and eventually returns to the U.S. While being transferred to Albany Prison on the Isle of Wight, Miller\'s escort convoy is ambushed by his comrades, including Kevin O\'Donnell , who kill the police officers, and he escapes. Miller and his companions flee to Northern Africa to plan their next attempt on Lord Holmes. Miller however, cannot shake his anger towards Ryan for killing his younger brother and persuades several members of the group to accompany him to the United States to murder Ryan and his family. Ryan survives an attack outside the U.S. Naval Academy. Simultaneously, Miller and an accomplice attack Ryan\'s wife and daughter on a busy highway. They crash and both are severely injured. Enraged over the attack on his family, Ryan decides to go back to work for the CIA, having earlier rejected the appeal of his former superior, Vice Admiral James Greer . Ryan\'s work leads him to conclude that Miller has taken refuge in a training camp in Libya. A British Special Air Service team attacks and kills everyone in the camp while Ryan looks on through a live satellite feed. Unbeknownst to Ryan, Miller and his companions had already fled the camp and were on their way to the US to stage their next attack. Lord Holmes decides to visit Ryan at his home to formally present his KCVO. With the aid of Lord Holmes\' traitorous assistant, Miller\'s group tracks Holmes to Ryan\'s home in Maryland, kill the U.S. Diplomatic Security Service agents and state troopers guarding the house, and attempt to kidnap Lord Holmes. Ryan leads Holmes and his family to safety while he attempts to lure Miller and his companions away from his home. The FBI\'s Hostage Rescue Team scrambles to pick up Holmes. Upon realizing that Ryan is leading them away from Holmes, Miller\'s companions try to persuade Miller to turn around, but an enraged Miller kills O\'Donnell and the rest of the group and continues his pursuit of Ryan. Ryan and Miller fight hand to hand; Miller is killed, and his body is obliterated in the subsequent explosion of the craft.'] ["The film begins with Mr. A  sky-diving and landing on a train that is carrying the British Queen. He steals her crown by disguising himself as the Queen and escapes. Newly-promoted officer Ali  and Jai Dixit  are introduced to Shonali Bose , a special officer assigned to investigate Mr. A's case, who also happens to be a former classmate of Jai. After the initial investigation, Dixit analyzes the underlying trend in Mr. A's heists. As per his analysis, a theft in one of two famous Mumbai city museums will follow. However, Dixit realizes that the artifact in the museum he is guarding happens to be imperfect. He immediately flees to the other museum when a disguised Mr. A steals a rare diamond and escapes. In a televised challenge to the police, Mr. A announces that he will steal an ancient warrior sword. In response, Dixit, Bose and Khan enforce a strict vigil at the location housing the sword. At night, Mr. A meets his impersonator in the room that holds the sword. The police are alerted, but they manage to steal the sword and escape. The impersonator turns out to be Sunehri , a woman who idolizes Mr. A, and after this they form an alliance. In Rio de Janeiro, Mr. A and Sunehri plan their next heist. As Dixit's analysis has named Rio the location of Mr. A's next heist, Jai and Ali travel to the city. Meanwhile, the relationship between Mr. A and Sunehri evolves into romance. He unveils his real identity, Aryan, to her. However, Mr. A discovers that Sunehri is a spy working for Jai after seeing them together at a theatre and then a parade. Aryan forces Sunehri to play a game of Russian roulette. Sunehri cries and refuses to shoot Aryan because she loves him, but Aryan forces her. However, after six attempted shots from the gun, neither is injured because Aryan had not inserted a bullet into the gun. Sunehri admits she betrayed Aryan and that she loves him. Elsewhere in Rio de Janeiro, Ali develops strong affections towards Monali , Shonali's twin sister. In their final heist, Aryan and Sunehri successfully steal some early Lydian coins while disguised as performing dwarfs. Sunehri indicates that she does not wish to remain allied with Jai, forcing Jai and Ali to go after them. After the chase, all of them end up on the top of a waterfall, where Sunehri is caught by Ali. Sunehri, despite conveying her feelings for Aryan, shoots him. Aryan falls from the waterfall, after which Jai allows Sunehri to go free. After six months, it is revealed that Aryan is still alive and has opened a restaurant in the Fiji islands with Sunehri. Jai meets Aryan and Sunehri at the restaurant and states that despite their crimes, he does not wish to imprison the couple. Aryan shows him where all the stolen artifacts can be found. Jai is aware of the couple's feelings towards each other, but warns them against returning to their life of crime."] ["The film is about a quiet yet intense man named Jack  Severino who has no recollection of his past. He spends his time in violent no holds barred fights in a small South American village. The only friend he has is his manager Manolo, an Indian trying to escape poverty. However soon Jack's violent past catches up with him when he sees a woman he has not seen in five years brings back his memories. The film is most notable for its violent fight scenes in which Jack's Muay Thai style of fighting clashes with fighters of different styles such as boxing, wrestling, ju jitsu, capoeira and karate."] ['20 years after the events in Afghanistan, amid the political protests of the crisis in Burma, ruthless military officer Major Pa Tee Tint  leads an army of Tatmadaw soldiers to pillage small villages in a campaign of fear. He watches with indifference as innocent villagers are forced into mine-infested marshes and orders his men to abduct the teenage boys of the villages to be drafted into his army. Former U.S. soldier John Rambo  now lives in Thailand in a remote village near the Burmese border where he makes a living capturing and selling snakes as well as taxiing people up and down the Salween River in his boat. He is approached by missionary Michael Burnett  who requests that he and his group be ferried into Burma on a humanitarian mission to provide aid to Karen tribespeople. Rambo refuses, claiming that without weapons, there will be no changes, but is eventually persuaded by missionary Sarah Miller  to make the trip. During their trip, the boat is stopped by a trio of pirates driving a gunboat who demand Sarah in exchange for passage. After negotiations fail, Rambo kills the pirates and later burns their bodies to conceal the evidence. Michael is greatly disturbed at Rambo\'s actions; upon arriving in Burma, he says that the group will travel by road and will not need him for the return trip. The mission goes well until the Tatmadaw, led by Major Tint, suddenly attack, slaughtering most of the villagers and two missionaries and kidnapping the rest, including Michael and Sarah. When the missionaries fail to return after ten days, their pastor  comes to ask Rambo\'s help to guide a hired team of five mercenaries, Lewis , School Boy , En-Joo , Reese , and Diaz , to the village where the missionaries were last seen. Rambo agrees and accompanies the mercenaries to the drop-off. He offers to help but is refused by the team\'s leader Lewis, an ex-Special Air Service operative, who demands he stay at the boat. As the mercenary team arrives at the village, a squad of Tatmadaw soldiers show up with a group of hostages. The soldiers are playing a game, forcing prisoners to run through a rice paddy with landmines, and betting on the outcome. The team takes cover, planning to stand by and  let the hostages be killed in order to avoid provoking a response from a much larger group of soldiers. Having disregarded Rambo as a simple boatman, the mercenaries are shocked when he appears and single-handedly wipes out the entire squad of Tatmadaw soldiers with his bow, allowing the hostages to escape unscathed. Rambo convinces the team to avenge the massacre and save the hostages at the P.O.W. camp after he witnesses the destroyed village filled with mutilated human and animal corpses. Rambo and the mercenaries stealthily infiltrate the camp and successfully locate and rescue Sarah and the other prisoners and flee with them. Tint quickly learns of the situation and ruthlessly investigates with the help of his army. The Tatmadaw manage to capture everyone except for Rambo, Sarah, and School Boy, the group\'s sniper. Just as the captured mercenaries and hostages are to be executed, Rambo hijacks a jeep-mounted .50-caliber machine gun and ignites an intense gun battle. Tint hides as the firefight ensues and kills one of the missionaries. After this, En-Joo is killed by an M2 frag grenade. The Tatmadaw, having a large numerical advantage, come close to victory but the Karen rebels show up and join the fight, turning the tide of the battle. Tint, realizing his defeat, attempts to escape the area, but Rambo intercepts and disembowels him. Encouraged by Sarah\'s words, Rambo returns to live in the United States, walking along a rural highway past a horse farm and a rusted mailbox bearing the name "R. Rambo".'] ['The film brings back Inspector Ho Sheung-Sang , this time to contend with another clever thief . This time around, the Thief is determined to extort money from a high-strung businesswoman  and play a few rounds of clever games with Ho in the process.'] ['In 2015, cloning technology is sufficiently advanced that the "Sixth Day" laws prohibit reproducing a complete human. Michael Drucker, the owner of cloning company Replacement Technologies, hires charter helicopter pilot Adam Gibson and partner Hank Morgan for a ski trip. Due to Drucker\'s prominence, the two must first undergo blood and eye tests to verify their identities and aptitude. On the day of Drucker\'s arrival, the same as Gibson\'s birthday, Gibson finds that his family dog Oliver — which belongs to his daughter Clara — has died, and Morgan offers to fly Drucker instead to allow Gibson time to have the pet cloned. After visiting the RePet shop, Gibson reconsiders and instead gets Clara a Sim-Pal doll. Gibson returns home and discovers that not only has Oliver already been cloned, but a purported clone of himself is celebrating with his family. Replacement Technologies security agents intent on killing Gibson give chase. He seeks refuge at Morgan\'s apartment after the police betray him to the agents. Minutes later, Tripp, a religious anti-cloning fundamentalist, kills Morgan and informs Gibson this Morgan was a clone. Tripp then admits having killed both Drucker and the real Morgan on the mountaintop earlier that day. Tripp then commits suicide to avoid being captured by Drucker\'s security team. Gibson sneaks into Replacement Technologies and finds Dr. Griffin Weir, the scientist behind Drucker\'s human-cloning technology. Weir confirms Tripp\'s story about Drucker and Morgan, adding that clones of them were made to cover up the incident using data from the earlier medical and eye exams. However, they believed Gibson was flying the helicopter and accidentally cloned him as well. Drucker\'s security has been trying to kill Gibson to keep the cloning operation a secret; the real Drucker was cloned after dying three years before, and could lose all his assets if the revelation became public, since clones are devoid of all rights. Weir, sympathetic with Gibson\'s plight, gives Gibson a memory disk of the Drucker clone but warns him that Drucker may go after his family. Weir learns that his wife — whom he had cloned after she died five years ago — was dying of a traditionally childhood disease. When he discovers the other clones also have shorter lifespans due to fatal diseases programmed into them, he confronts Drucker, who explains the illnesses were meant to ensure their obedience. Incensed by Weir\'s promise not to clone his wife or anybody else again, Drucker kills the scientist, intending to later clone Weir and Weir\'s wife with their recent memories erased. Drucker orders his agents to abduct Gibson\'s family in exchange for the disk. Gibson devises a plan with his doppelgänger to destroy Drucker\'s facility and save his family in the process. Gibson gives himself up and learns he was actually the clone all along. Drucker\'s agents forcibly extract the Gibson clone\'s memory to find the real Gibson, who hid in the helicopter on the way to the Replacement Technologies complex to rescue his family and plant a bomb. The Gibson clone fights off Drucker\'s agents and Drucker — who was mortally wounded in the chaos — tries to clone himself. However, the malfunctioning machinery causes the new Drucker to have a disfigured appearance. Drucker pursues the Gibson clone onto the roof with his men and opens fire as the clone desperately seeks an escape. The real Gibson arrives after spiriting his family to safety, and together they hold off Drucker\'s goons. The Gibson clone pilots the helicopter at Drucker with a remote control, causing Drucker to jump onto a glass roof to avoid its blades, but the glass breaks and sends him falling to his death. The two Gibsons successfully get away as the complex blows up. Now having a more moderate view of cloning, the original Gibson arranges for his clone to move to Argentina to start a satellite office of their charter business. The clone\'s existence is kept a secret, especially upon discovering that his DNA has no embedded illnesses, giving him a chance at a full life. As a parting gift to the real Gibson\'s family, the clone gives them Hank\'s RePet cat. The real Gibson gives the clone a flying send-off.'] ['A Los Angeles District Attorney  is attempting to take an unwilling murder witness  back to the United States from Canada to testify against a top-level mob boss. Frantically attempting to escape two deadly hit men sent to silence her, they board a Vancouver-bound train only to find the killers are on board with them. For the next 20 hours, as the train hurls through the beautiful but isolated Canadian wilderness, a deadly game of cat and mouse ensues in which their ability to tell friend from foe is a matter of life and death.'] ['Casey Ryback  has retired from the United States Navy and is a chef at the Mile High Cafe in Denver, Colorado. Ryback is taking his estranged niece Sarah Ryback  to Los Angeles to visit the grave of Ryback\'s brother James . Sarah and her Uncle Casey board the Grand Continental, a train traveling through the Rocky Mountains from Denver to Los Angeles. As the train proceeds through the Rocky Mountains, it is flagged down by two men. The engineer and the brakeman step out and are gunned down. A group of terrorists led by computer genius Travis Dane and mercenary leader Penn hijack the train, cutting its phone lines and taking the passengers as well as the staff hostage, herding them into the last two train cars. Ryback slips away by hiding in the cool room of the kitchen after killing one of the mercenaries. Dane worked on a top secret military satellite particle weapon called Grazer One. The military fired Dane, who then faked his own death. Two of Dane\'s former Department of Defense colleagues are aboard the train, hiding a romantic relationship that violates Department of Defense regulations. Dane has them brought to him and threatens to have one of his mercenaries insert a burning needle into their eye unless they give him the codes needed to take over Grazer One. They give him the codes and then are thrown from the train, killing them. Middle Eastern terrorists have offered Dane $1 billion to destroy the Eastern seaboard by using Grazer One to target a nuclear reactor located under the Pentagon. Dane destroys a Chinese chemical plant in order to demonstrate Grazer One\'s capabilities to his investors and, after one investor offers an additional $100 million, Dane destroys an airliner carrying the investor\'s ex-wife. The U.S. government cannot locate Dane\'s headquarters nor target Grazer One because Dane created fifty "ghost satellites" to hide the location of the real Grazer One. When officials destroy what they think is Grazer One, it turns out to be the NSA\'s best intelligence satellite. As long as the train keeps moving, his location cannot be determined. Ryback, who has discovered the plot, takes matters into his own hands. Ryback enlists an eager porter named Bobby Zachs to help him. He also faxes a message to the owner of the Mile High Cafe, who finally reads it and relays the word to Admiral Bates; Bates quickly understands that Dane and the terrorists are on the train, and reluctantly OK\'s a mission by two F-117 Stealth bombers to destroy the train. Zachs discovers that they are on the wrong tracks and are on a collision course with a Southern Pacific bulk freight train carrying gasoline tank cars. Ryback kills the mercenaries one by one, but Dane uses his computer skills to find the Stealths and retarget Grazer One to knock them out before they complete their mission. After Penn takes Sarah as bait for Ryback, Ryback confronts Penn, who is aware of Ryback\'s military past. Ryback disarms and kills Penn by breaking his neck. He then finds Dane who is about to depart in a chopper hovering over the train, unaware that Zachs has killed a female terrorist and is forcing the pilot to wait for Sarah and Ryback at gunpoint. When Dane informs Ryback that there is no way to stop the satellite from destroying Washington, Ryback shoots him, the bullet destroying his computer and injuring Dane, who falls out of a window of the train. Control of the satellite is restored at the Pentagon and it is destroyed by remote control one second before it would have fired on the Pentagon, just before the two trains collide. The crash happens on a trestle, resulting in an explosion that destroys the bridge. Ryback escapes by racing through the exploding train and grabbing a rope ladder hanging from the chopper. Dane, who survived the gunshot and the crash, has also caught the ladder and attempts to climb onto the helicopter while screaming that he and Ryback should join forces. Ryback silently shuts the door, severing Dane\'s fingers and causing him to fall to his death into the explosion. Ryback informs the Pentagon that the passengers are safe, as he previously detached the last two cars from the rest of the train. In the final scene, Sarah and her uncle Casey pay their final respects at her father\'s gravestone.'] ['A group of terrorists led by Luther  take over a high school. Whilst outside, authorities work to negotiate with the terrorists, a group of students lead a revolt in order to prevent a disaster, led by Lenny Slater .'] ['As a child, Bruce Wayne falls into a well, developing a fear of bats. Soon afterward, he witnesses his parents\' murder by mugger Joe Chill, leaving Bruce to be raised by the family butler, Alfred Pennyworth. Years later, Chill is granted parole in exchange for testifying against crime boss Carmine Falcone. Bruce, now a young man, intends to shoot him, but one of Falcone\'s assassins does so first. Rachel Dawes, Bruce\'s childhood friend and now an assistant district attorney, is disgusted by his desire for vengeance. As a result Bruce confronts Falcone, who berates him. Bruce decides to travel and learn about the criminal underworld, before becoming a criminal himself. In a Bhutanese prison, Henri Ducard offers to train him in the arts of stealth and fear as a member of the League of Shadows, led by Ra\'s al Ghul. After completing his training, Bruce learns the League\'s true intention is to liberate Gotham by destroying it. Bruce refuses and burns down the League\'s temple. Ra\'s is killed by falling debris, while Bruce saves an unconscious Ducard, leaving him with villagers. After meeting Alfred, Bruce returns to Gotham. Publicly posing as a playboy, he takes an interest in his family\'s company, Wayne Enterprises, a technology and defense conglomerate now run by the unscrupulous CEO William Earle. Bruce meets Lucius Fox, who introduces him to the company\'s prototype technologies, including an armored car and protective bodysuit. Taking these, Bruce finds an entrance to the cave under his well, confronts his fear of bats and creates a workshop, taking up the identity of "Batman". As Batman, he intercepts a drug shipment and provides Rachel with evidence to indict Falcone, empowering the honest Sgt. James Gordon and the Gotham police to arrest the previously untouchable Falcone. Meanwhile, a prototype water vaporizer is stolen from a Wayne Enterprises cargo ship. Back in Gotham, Falcone and his henchmen are declared mentally unfit for trial and transferred to Arkham Asylum by the corrupt Dr. Jonathan Crane, who had been using Falcone to import a dangerous hallucinogenic drug that causes severe psychosis. Crane exposes Falcone to the toxin while wearing a burlap mask, driving Falcone insane with fear of the "Scarecrow." While investigating Crane, Batman is also exposed to the drug and is rescued by Alfred and given an antidote by Fox. Rachel goes to Arkham, where Crane reveals that he has been dumping the toxin into Gotham\'s water supply before dosing her with it. She is rescued by Batman, who exposes Crane to the toxin and interrogates him. Crane reveals that the toxin is only dangerous if inhaled. Batman inoculates Rachel and gives her two vials of the antidote, one for Gordon and one for mass production. At his birthday celebration at Wayne Manor, Bruce is confronted by Ducard, who reveals himself to be the real Ra\'s al Ghul. Feigning drunkenness, Bruce kicks his guests out so they will be safe, leaving him alone with Ra\'s and his ninja. Ra\'s reveals the League\'s plan to destroy Gotham: having stolen the Microwave Emitter and conspired with Crane, they intend to vaporize the city\'s toxin-riddled water supply, creating mass hysteria and violence. The League sets fire to the mansion and Bruce is nearly trapped inside, but Alfred saves him at the last minute. As the League begins unleashing the toxin, Batman rescues Rachel from a drug-induced mob and reveals his true identity to her. He entrusts Gordon with the Tumbler and pursues Ra\'s, who is using Gotham\'s train system to deliver the weapon throughout the city. Batman confronts Ra\'s on the train and escapes just as Gordon uses the Tumbler to destroy the elevated tracks, leaving Ra\'s to die in the ensuing crash. Batman becomes a public hero, but simultaneously loses Rachel, who cannot bring herself to love both Bruce and Batman. Bruce buys a controlling stake in the now publicly traded Wayne Enterprises, fires Earle, and replaces him with Fox as the new CEO. Jim Gordon is promoted to Lieutenant, showing Batman the Bat-Signal and mentions a costumed criminal who leaves Joker playing cards at crime scenes. Batman promises to investigate this new criminal while disappearing into the night.'] ['Francis McNeil "Frank" Murphy  is a Los Angeles Police Department  helicopter-pilot-officer and troubled Vietnam War veteran with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder . His field partner is the newly assigned Richard Lymangood ([[Daniel Stern , who is given the nickname "JAFO". The two patrol Los Angeles at night and give assistance to police cars below. Murphy is selected to pilot the world\'s most advanced helicopter, nicknamed "Blue Thunder," which is essentially a military-style combat helicopter intended for police use in surveillance and large-scale civic disobedience. With powerful armament, stealth technology that allows it to fly virtually undetected, and other accoutrements , Blue Thunder appears to be a formidable tool in the war on crime. But when the death of city councilwoman Diane McNeely turns out to be more than just a random murder, Murphy begins his own covert investigation. He discovers that a subversive action group, using the acronym THOR , is intending instead to use Blue Thunder to carry out an evil mission of their own, one that involves the secret elimination of political undesirables. Murphy suspects the involvement of his old wartime nemesis, former United States Army Colonel F.E. Cochrane , the primary test pilot for Blue Thunder. After using the technology aboard Blue Thunder to record a meeting Cochrane has with other high-powered government officials planning to use the helicopter for nefarious purposes, Murphy tries to get the video tape to a television station before he is killed, as Lymangood has already been. Frank Murphy succeeds in giving the video tape to his girlfriend, who sends the tape to the television station. A final showdown between Murphy and Cochrane, who flies a heavily armed Hughes 500 helicopter, takes place over downtown Los Angeles. It includes an initial battle with two Air National Guard F-16 fighters with one being shot down. By pulling off a spectacular 360° loop through use of Blue Thunder\'s turbine boost function, Murphy shoots down Cochrane. He then destroys Blue Thunder by landing it in front of an approaching freight train, having deemed the tactical helicopter too dangerous to be used by anyone else.'] [' James Bond—agent 007—is assigned to aid the defection of a KGB officer, General Georgi Koskov, covering his escape from a concert hall in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia during the orchestra\'s intermission. During the mission, Bond notices that the KGB sniper assigned to prevent Koskov\'s escape is a female cellist from the orchestra. Disobeying his orders to kill the sniper, he instead shoots the rifle from her hands, then uses the Trans-Siberian Pipeline to smuggle Koskov across the border into Austria and then on to Britain. In his post-defection debriefing, Koskov informs MI6 that the KGB\'s old policy of Smert Spionam, meaning Death to Spies, has been revived by General Leonid Pushkin, the new head of the KGB. Koskov is later abducted from the safe-house and assumed to have been taken back to Moscow. Bond is directed to track down Pushkin in Tangier and kill him in order to forestall further killings of agents and escalation of tensions between the Soviet Union and the West. Although Bond\'s prior knowledge of Pushkin initially leads him to doubt Koskov\'s claims, he agrees to carry out the mission when he learns that the assassin who killed 004  left a note bearing the same message, "Smert Spionam." Bond returns to Bratislava to track down the cellist, Kara Milovy. He determines that Koskov\'s entire defection was staged, and that Milovy is actually Koskov\'s girlfriend. Bond convinces Milovy that he is a friend of Koskov\'s and persuades her to accompany him to Vienna, supposedly to be reunited with him. Meanwhile, Pushkin meets with arms dealer Brad Whitaker in Tangier, informing him that the KGB is cancelling an arms deal previously arranged between Koskov and Whitaker. During his brief tryst with Milovy in Vienna, Bond meets his MI6 ally, Saunders, who discovers a history of financial dealings between Koskov and Whitaker. As he leaves their meeting, Saunders is killed by Necros , who again leaves the message "Smert Spionam." Bond and Milovy promptly leave for Tangier, where Bond confronts Pushkin. Pushkin disavows any knowledge of "Smert Spionam", and reveals that Koskov is evading arrest for embezzlement of government funds. Bond fakes Pushkin\'s assassination, inducing Whitaker and Koskov to progress with their scheme. Meanwhile, Milovy contacts Koskov, who tells her that Bond is actually a KGB agent and convinces her to drug him so he can be captured. Koskov, Necros, Milovy, and the captive Bond fly to a Soviet air base in Afghanistan—part of the Soviet war in Afghanistan—where Koskov betrays Milovy and imprisons her along with Bond. The pair escape and in doing so free a condemned prisoner, Kamran Shah, leader of the local Mujahideen. Bond and Milovy discover that Koskov is using Soviet funds to buy a massive shipment of opium from the Mujahideen, intending to keep the profits with enough left over to supply the Soviets with their arms. With the Mujahideen\'s help, Bond plants a bomb aboard the cargo plane carrying the opium, but is spotted and has no choice but to barricade himself in the plane. Milovy drives a jeep into the back of the plane as they take off, and Necros also leaps aboard at the last second. After a struggle, Bond throws Necros to his death and deactivates the bomb. Bond then re-activates it and drops it out of the plane and onto a bridge, blowing it up and helping Shah and his men gain an important victory over advancing Soviet troops. Bond returns to Tangier to kill Whitaker, as Pushkin arrests Koskov, sending him back to Moscow.'] ['The film revolves around the smuggling of narcotics between Marseilles, France and New York City, USA. In Marseilles a policeman is staking out Alain Charnier , a French criminal who is smuggling heroin from France to the United States. The policeman is assassinated by Charnier\'s henchman, Pierre Nicoli . In New York, detectives James "Popeye" Doyle  and Buddy "Cloudy" Russo  are conducting an undercover stakeout in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn. After seeing a drug transaction take place in a bar, Russo goes in to make an arrest and the suspect makes a break for it. After catching up with their suspect and delivering a severe beating after the suspect cuts Russo on the arm with a knife, the detectives aggressively interrogate the man, forcing him to reveal where his connection is based. After Russo\'s injury is treated, Doyle convinces him to go out for a drink. At the Copacabana, Doyle becomes interested in Salvatore "Sal" Boca  and his young wife, Angie , who are entertaining Mob members involved in narcotics. Doyle persuades his partner to tail the couple; although the Bocas run a modest newsstand luncheonette, they have criminal records: Sal is said to have held up Tiffany and also killed "a guy named DeMarco" while Angie drew a suspended sentence for shoplifting and Sal\'s brother Lou served jail time for assault and robbery. They make nearly nightly trips to several nightclubs, as well as drive several new cars, which indicate they may be involved in criminal activity. A link is established between the Bocas and lawyer Joel Weinstock , who is rumored to have connections in the narcotics underworld; Doyle and Russo allude to a drug shipment from Mexico bankrolled by Weinstock. Doyle and Russo roust a bar in their precinct, where the majority of the black patrons are in possession of marijuana and other minor drugs. The rousting is a stunt for Doyle to connect with an informant, whom he questions about an apparent shortage of hard drugs on the street; Doyle is told that a major shipment of heroin is on its way. The detectives convince their supervisor, Walt Simonson , to wiretap the Bocas\' phones and use several ruses to try to obtain more information. The film centers on three main points: the criminals\' efforts to smuggle drugs into the United States, which is made easier when Charnier dupes his friend, a French actor named Henri Devereaux , into importing an automobile  and the sale of the drugs to Weinstock and Sal Boca; the efforts of Doyle and Russo to shadow Boca and Charnier; and the conflicts the detectives have with Simonson and a federal agent named Mulderig , assigned to the case due to the wiretap. Doyle and Mulderig dislike each other; Russo and Doyle feel they can handle the bust without the government\'s help, and Mulderig criticizes Doyle on items ranging from trivialities like Doyle\'s appearance to an incident where a policeman was killed and Mulderig holds Doyle responsible. Doyle comes to blows with Mulderig. Weinstock\'s chemist  tests a sample of the heroin and declares it the purest he has ever seen, establishing that the shipment could make as much as $32 million on a half-million dollar investment. Boca is impatient to make the purchase , while Weinstock, with more experience in smuggling, urges patience, knowing Boca\'s phone is tapped and that they are being investigated. Charnier soon "makes" Doyle and realizes he has been observed since his arrival in New York. Nicoli offers to kill Doyle; Charnier objects, knowing killing one policeman will not amount to anything, but Nicoli says they will be in France before they can be detained. Nicoli attempts to assassinate Doyle, but botches the job, leading to a car chase scene that culminates with Nicoli\'s hijacking an elevated train. Nicoli, after killing a policeman who was pursuing him, holds the driver at gunpoint. Near the end of the line Nicoli is confronted by passengers and the motorman passes out. The train reaches the end of the line and is halted by a safety mechanism on the tracks. Nicoli escapes the train and Doyle shoots him when he attempts to escape. The car containing the drugs is impounded when some thieves try to strip it of its valuables. Doyle and Russo take the car apart searching for drugs. When Russo notes the vehicle is 120 pounds over its listed weight, they realize the drugs must still be in the car. The mechanic tells them he did not remove the car\'s rocker panels; when he does, the drugs are discovered. The police later return the car to Devereaux, seemingly untouched. It seems as though the drug deal has been a major success; Weinstock\'s chemist tests one of the bags and confirms its quality. Using a car that Sal Boca\'s brother Lou  picked out, the criminals conceal the money. The car is to be imported into France, where Charnier will retrieve the money. Charnier and Sal Boca drive off, but run into a roadblock consisting of a large force of police led by Doyle. The police chase Charnier and Sal Boca to an old factory. Sal is killed during a shootout with the police and almost all of the others surrender. Charnier escapes into the warehouse and Doyle hunts for him. Russo joins in the search. Doyle, trigger-happy and high on adrenaline, sees a shadowy figure in the distance and empties his revolver at it a split-second after shouting a warning. The man Doyle kills is not Charnier, but Mulderig. Doyle seems unfazed and vows to capture Charnier, reloading his gun and running into another room. The last sound heard in the film is a single gunshot.  Title cards before the closing credits note that Joel Weinstock and Angie Boca got away without prison time while Lou Boca got a reduced sentence and Devereaux served four years. Charnier was never caught. Both Doyle and Russo were transferred out of the narcotics division and reassigned.'] ["In the totalitarian near future, 'social deviants' are sent to prison camps for re-education and behaviour modification. The new arrivals at Camp 47 are Chris Walters , a shopkeeper accused of helping a rebel; Rita Daniels , a suspected sex worker; and Paul Anders , a dissident who has escaped from several other camps. After suffering brutal treatment at the hands of Camp Master Charles Thatcher ([[Michael Craig  and his chief enforcer, Ritter ([[Roger Ward , the prisoners accept a deadly deal. They will be human prey in a 'turkey shoot', which Thatcher has organised for Secretary Mallory , and VIPs Jennifer  and Tito . If they can evade the heavily armed guests in the surrounding jungle until sundown, Chris, Rita and Paul will be set free. As the 'turkey shoot' progresses, the tables are turned, and the prisoners become the hunters, culminating in a free for all slaughter terminated by a government napalm airstrike."] ['Nick Randall is a Los Angeles-based bounty hunter and an ex-CIA operative, who is asked by a former co-worker to help track down terrorist Malak Al Rahim. However, Malak Al Rahim is also looking for Randall, and Randall\'s employers tell him where to find him, resulting in the death of his best friend, Sgt. Danny Quintz, and his girlfriend Terry, eventually forcing a showdown on the waterfront. In the end Randall brings out Rahim handcuffed with a grenade jammed in his mouth. Randall explains to his bosses that they should send his payment to the family of Danny Quintz and he will just keep the extra bonus for bringing him in alive. As he starts to leave, he says, "Fuck the bonus" and pulls the grenade pin out.'] ['Children play outside a rural Colorado home. They belong to Orville Beecham  and his three wives. Two masked men pull up in a truck and wait for the children to go inside. They proceed to kill the three mothers, who are sister wives, and then the kids. The police arrive before the father, Orville, who returns to find his family massacred. Arriving on the scene with the chief of police, Barney Doyle  is a Denver newspaper reporter, Garret Smith . They were having lunch with a wealthy local businessman, Homer Foxx , to discuss how to get Barney elected mayor when Barney was called about the murders. Garret does a news story on the massacre. Orville in a local jail, there "for his own protection." Orville is reluctant to talk to Garret but does reveal that his father, Willis Beecham , may have been involved. Willis lives in a compound with his followers. He is a fundamentalist Mormon who practices polygamy, as do his son and followers. Willis is the sect\'s prophet. Willis tells the reporter that he believes that it was his brother, Zenas Beecham ([[John Ireland , who killed Orville\'s family. Willis and Zenas are alienated from each other by a doctrinal dispute. Garret, aided by a local editor named Jastra Watson , begins to investigate if Zenas could be behind the killings. Zenas lives in a different Colorado county on a large farm that happens to sit on an artesian lake that a large corporation, The Colorado Water Company, has wanted for years. Zenas tells the reporter that Orville probably killed the family of his own son because Willis preaches blood atonement. The symbol of both brothers is an avenging angel, which is alleged to be an early Mormon symbol with a doctrinal counterpart reflecting the idea of blood atonement. As soon as Orville is released from jail, he returns to his father\'s compound and plots to attack Zenas in retaliation. Garret tries to warn Zenas, but it\'s too late. Armed men back each man and they open fire. Garret gets them to agree to a cease fire, but a third-party shoots Zenas  and the shooting begins again. Zenas and Orville both are killed. Garret realizes what is happening -- The Colorado Water Company is behind everything. The company has hired an assassin  and a junior partner ([[Gene Davis  to murder Orville\'s family, counting on the feud between the brothers to eliminate the rest. Garret is approached by the junior assassin to make a deal, but the senior assassin kills his partner. It turns out the person who hired the assassin is Foxx, the businessman trying to get the police chief elected mayor. The assassin shows up at a fundraising party for Doyle thrown by Foxx, where he attempts to kill Garret. The reporter gains the upper hand and gets the assassin to reveal that it was Foxx who was responsible for all of the murders. Foxx steals the chief\'s gun and kills himself.'] ["Matt Conlin is an unemployed single. Once he was a police officer who lived with his his wife Liz and his daughter Becky. Matt was accused of stealing money at the station. Matt was also accused of killing his former partner at the station. Steve lied that he & Matt were playing poker, so Matt couldn't have stole the money & Matt couldn't have killed his former partner. The police found out that Matt didn't have an alibi. The police couldn't prove that Matt stole the money & killed his former partner. Since the police still believes that Matt stole the money & killed his former partner, Matt still got thrown off the police force. Since Matt got thrown off the police force, it's also because of improper conduct. Steve got suspended from the police force because Steve lied that Matt had an alibi. Matt's wife divorced Matt. Matt's ex-wife married Steve. Steve raises Matt's daughter Becky while Matt spends his time gambling. Matt also spends little amount of time with Becky. Steve's still a cop. When Matt's markers are already spread all over town a mysterious person purchases them all. Eventually the collector sends him a messenger named Blue. Matt is explained he must work off his debt as a hitman for a vigilante. Matt's hired to kill criminals, who can't get arrested without enough evidence. Matt's also hired to kill criminals, who have immunity. Matt understands he has no other choice than to meet his employer's expectations. Matt's employer's an old man. At the end of one of his missions Matt is careless and survives only because Blue backs him up. Moreover Matt learns his recently found new girl-friend Drea's also a colleague of Blue. Matt's gang pays Matt to kill Steve, but Matt doesn't believe that Steve's a dirty cop. Matt warns Steve that a group of people wants Steve dead. When Matt leaves Steve's home, Steve goes to visit Matt's chaplain, who is a priest at a church. Matt's gang tell Matt that Steve's a dirty copy. Since Matt was accused of stealing money at the station, it's revealed that Steve's none other than the thief. Steve also killed Matt's former partner before Matt was thrown off the police force. Steve's the leader of dirty cops. Steve's gang consists of dirty cops only. Steve kills the priest & another innocent person in the church. Steve also knew that the priest was innocent. When Matt comes to the church, Matt swears that he'll avenge the clergyman's death. Steve tells the police to arrest Matt. Steve also tells police to release Matt 2 hours later. When Matt gets released from prison, Steve & his henchmen try to kill Matt & Blue, but Matt & Blue manage to escape. Matt realizes that Steve killed the clergyman. Matt sleeps with Drea. At the priest's funeral, Steve & his henchmen plan to kill Matt, Blue, & Drea. Steve ordered 1 of his henchmen to hold Becky hostage. Steve doesn't care about Becky. Even though Steve married Matt's ex-wife, it's implied that Steve also doesn't care about his wife. Matt, Blue, & Drea want to kill Steve & his henchmen. During the battle, Drea gets shot but Drea's still alive. Unfortunately, Blue gets fatally shot. Matt also kills the man, who shot Blue. Few seconds later, Blue dies. Matt manages to kill Steve. Matt throws Steve into a car, which gets blown up by Matt. Becky thinks that Matt's dead, but when Matt shows up, Matt hugs Becky. Matt continues spending time with his daughter. Since Matt already slept with Drea, it's implied that Matt's didn't marry his ex-wife again. Matt also continues working for the old man."] ['Marcus Ray , a sales representative for "V SIX" jeans, and his partner, Tommy Hendricks , are about to be busted for selling "knock off" jeans . Their American contact, Karen Leigh , who is not only their employer but a CIA agent sent to find the mole in their operation, is threatening them with a jail term if they do not prove their innocence. Meanwhile, Ray and Hendricks meet up with Harry Johannson , who is a CIA agent that just happens to be a double agent for the Russian Mafia and a ringleader to the terrorists. He tells Ray that Hendricks is really a CIA agent and that they need Ray\'s support. Ray and Hendricks then learn that Skinny Wang  is involved with the knock off jeans and they seek him out; which results in the death of Wang and the pursuit of angry workers, who are loyal to Wang. Ray and Hendricks then learn that these knock off jeans are laden with nanobombs, which were developed by former KGB operatives who are in league with international terrorists that are utilizing a Russian Mafia\'s scheme to bring this deadly technology to the black market and extort $100,000,000.00 in monthly revenue from the world super powers. This particular order is to be shipped to the U.S. Furthermore, we discover that the CIA headquarters, in Hong Kong, is located on Lantau Island inside a huge Buddha statue. In the end, Hong Kong is safe and so is the rest of the world.'] ['The movie begins with introductions of the main antagonists as they are each arrested and charged as adults for their heinous and multiple crimes. The opening scene is a full-scale gang war led by two of the more notorious gang leaders in Miami. Ruben Pacheco , leader of the "Home Boys", and Moss Roosevelt , leader of the "27th Ave Players", are arrested for leading the riot. Next, Carlos Aragon  and his drug lord boss Nestor Quintana  are making plans for a large purchase of cocaine. He enters a car driven by his girlfriend Nikki , goes to the meeting point to make the buy, and is set up . Nikki, seeing an officer trying to come to the car, flees, and leaves Carlos in police custody as the scene fades out. Fourth is J.L. "Crazy" MacEwen . He sits on his bike on the side of a building, suddenly explosives he set up blow a large hole in the side of the school he attends. He seems remorseless as he calmly rides his bike home. He finds his sister sitting outside because his abusive alcoholic father is beating his mother. Sick of being under such abuse, he pulls a gun and points it at his father who dares him to shoot. He does so twice, without hesitation. He sits outside with his little sister, gun in hand, waiting for the police to come and arrest him. Lastly, a prisoner attempts to escape a medium security facility after striking one of the Correction Officers. His name is Dorcey Bridger , and is known for trying to escape every prison facility he\'s ever been in. After being arrested, they are all transported to Dade County Youth Hall to be sentenced as adults, and sent to Prison. Even in the confines of the center, they still show contempt for authority . The teens are all abruptly gathered and placed in a transport truck, and shipped to an unknown destination, fighting and trying to escape as they go. Nikki comes to the youth hall to see Carlos, and she is told that they have no file for him- even though she just saw him there the day before. As the 5 are transported they introduce themselves to each other somewhat and continue to show disdain and posturing towards one another. They find out that Crazy has Selective mutism from his abuse and will not speak, but communicates via howls and screams. The truck stops abruptly and they are put onto an air boat and taken deep into the Everglades where they are dumped in a remote area and left alone, seemingly to die. As tensions rise and old rivalries come to a head, Ruben and Moss try to kill one another. Suddenly a man in black named Joe ([[Stephen Lang  comes and forcibly separates the two. They begin to ask him questions and demand food and shelter from him to which he replies, "Everything you need is over there". He points to a set of bedrolls and survival gear before quickly disappearing into the woods. The group look through the packs and find survival gear they think is useless, except for knives. They sleep on the ground not knowing what to do. The next morning they awake to find Joe starting a fire with a Magnesium fire starter. He begins to explain the uses for some of the gear they have in the packs. As he pulls out a string of several fish from a nearby river, he begins to hear from Moss about how he\'s been in numerous youth programs and cannot be changed. The group further complains about the dangers of being in the swamp, the time they have to stay and the legality of having them there. Frustrated, he throws his knife into the ground and begins to explain to them that they were given to him instead of being sent to prison as a last-ditch effort at rehabilitation, and that if they don\'t succeed, they will die out here. He then tells them that where they stand is base camp. Even after the explanation and feeding them they still refuse to clear the area to make a shelter he replies, "You guys slept good last night, fine by me". A torrential rainstorm comes and drenches the group whilst Joe, who has built a simple shelter, remains dry. Moss sees an opportunity to get out by holding Joe hostage and forcing him to take him to Miami. He pulls a knife on Joe and is easily thrown and disarmed. As Joe teaches them more about how to survive in the swamp, it is revealed that he is a Miccosukee Native American. Tensions are still high between the five, even when they discuss something as small as a tattoo\'s meaning, it nearly turns into a fistfight. Joe tells them that if they want to fight each other, they must fight him first, defusing the situation. Joe leaves to gather supplies for the night and Moss notices that Crazy has finished his shelter. Trying to be the Alpha Male of the group, he forces J.L. to fix his shelter while he uses J.L.\'s, telling the others that he will "rent" Crazy to them when he\'s done. That night, they eat their first meal from food gathered in the swamp, and the group enjoys the meal until they find out the ingredients: Milkweed, Wild Onion, Termite, Eggs, Snails, and a Frog. Ruben and Moss, being used to fast food, storm off disgusted but Crazy and Dorcey stay and eat with Carlos, who notes that if you were to eat the same thing at a restaurant in Coconut Grove, it would cost you "At least a hundred with the wine". Moss lays down in his new hut to suddenly be pulled into the air with a snare Crazy built into the shelter to teach him a lesson. In the night, Dorcey tries to escape thinking Joe is asleep, but Joe sees him leave and follows. Ruben awakes to see that Joe and Dorcey are missing. The scene cuts to Dorcey frantically running through the swamp not knowing where to go and Joe calmly tracking him. Dorcey stumbles and falls next to a Rattlesnake and is struck twice. Joe hears his screams and comes to his aid beheading the snake and giving him Antivenom. Joe returns to the camp where the remaining group ask if Dorcey will live as the group discuss the situation Dorcey begins to have a seizure he recovers and opens his eyes and the group is glad to see that he\'s alive. The movie cuts to a nightclub where we see Nikki looking for a group of men to take her to Nestor so she can find out if he can find and get Carlos out of jail. Nestor says he will try, but then he orders Nikki to go upstairs and undress. She does so grudgingly and looks around his room finding a brujería shrine. She undresses, crying, thinking this is the only way that she can get Carlos back. Carlos and the group, now learn that they must follow Joe\'s guidance to survive. Their once fashionable clothes become tattered and worn as the time in the swamp passes. They track down a boar and instead of trying to go their separate ways to capture it or go looking for easier prey they work together and catch it. Joe sees now that they are willing to work together to survive and during their boar feast he lays down a map and compass saying that this is "Exam time" that if they track him they will come out alive and he disappears into the swamp. That next day the group are in canoes trying to find their way out but are going in circles due to the fact that the person who has the map  can\'t read. As they successfully continue to track Joe, Ruben and Moss fight over the compass thinking that Carlos who has become de facto leader has them lost. They loose the compass in the water and try to kill each other. In the chaos Crazy, fed up with the posturing and rivalry, cries out for them to stop, speaking for the first time. The group, shocked that he spoke, listen to him as he tells them that if they don\'t work together they will die like Joe told them, and to find the compass they lost. They travel across a seemingly endless field of Sawgrass  working together looking out for one another and taking turns leading. That night as they camp a Black Bear enters the camp and they sleep in the trees to avoid being eaten. Later that day they find a Panther among the trees. Seeing that they are in true danger from the wilderness they pull even closer together. As the day ends they think that they are going to die and that the compass is broken they soon hear music coming from a nearby gathering of Miccosukee where they find Joe and begin to ask him if anyone else that went through the program ever saw a panther or been attacked by bears. He tells them that they are the first and informs them that they will be moving into a house in Miami to continue the program. The group comes to a dilapidated crack house near Little Havana and must learn to live in the city without going back to their old ways. Upon arrival they find various drug addicts in the building and a small number of Haitian refugees. They chase out the addicts and think about what they will do with the refugees. Enraged at the squalor they must live in they contemplate kicking everyone out of the building. Joe leads on that they should share the building with the refugees and learn to have compassion for others. Suddenly, a commotion drives them downstairs and they see a large group of addicts and prostitutes trying to retake the house. They easily kick out the crowd and have gained the respect of the refugees who now help them as they begin to rebuild the house. The addicts and whores have now gathered across the street and are berating the group as they remodel the house. A group of men dressed in expensive clothing driving a luxury car stop next to the crowd and chastises them for letting "Five kids and Tonto" run them out of the drug house, he then drives off. Ruben and Moss explain that the mans name is Cream  a local pimp and drug dealer that runs the area and that even the police won\'t touch him. Joe brushes off the incident and sends Dorcey off to get the utilities turned on he gives him $150 and tells him to sign his name on the documents . He asks Joe "What\'s to keep me from taking off?" Joe replies "Nothing" and Dorcey leaves and returns a short time later. That night Carlos leaves to find Nikki he goes to The Grove to find his best friend Aldo  to see if he knows where she is. He gives Carlos a new set of clothes and gives him the address where she might be staying. He finds Nikki in a large expensive apartment and asks her how she got it, She says that she\'s working for Nestor now and he storms off assuming that shes sleeping with him. In the lobby he is met by Nestor who takes Nikki by the hair and tells him he has nothing now in Miami and must leave. Meanwhile at the house, Ruben and Moss\' gangs gather to see what their leaders want them to do now that they have come back. They find them painting the house and begin to ridicule them for doing bad work. Moss challenges one of them saying "Think you can do better, Jackoff?" the roles now reversed as the leaders watch as the two gangs are told to work together and paint the house. Carlos returns to the house and Joe confronts him at the door. He tells him one of the refugees is going to start a garden and without hesitation Carlos grabs a pickaxe and begins breaking ground trying to burn off the frustration after the confrontation with Nikki. The next day Joe is in a city office talking to a bureaucrat that seems too busy to care about his job. Joe asks him about funding to continue his program and the man replies that "These programs look good on paper" and that because his last program failed with two of the youths he once mentored trying to rob a 7-11 and various other programs doing illegal activity he will not receive a grant and if any of his kids do a even a misdemeanor they will be locked up for life. Back at the house the addicts try to kidnap one of the refugees returning from the store. The kids come to her aid and Carlos keeps them at bay with a shovel. Joe sees the commotion and pulls up screaming at them to stop. Carlos tells him they need to teach them some respect and Joe replies, "There\'s another way!". One of the addicts throws a beer bottle at Carlos cutting his head open. The group attacks in "self defence" and kicks the addicts out of the park. Joe laments at the act but knows there was no other choice. The next day Cream returns with more men he confronts the six as they play basketball and threatens Joe with a gun calling him "Tonto" once again. Joe disarms him and breaks his arm. He puts the gun to Cream\'s head and makes the group drop all their weapons. Joe tells the kids to gather the guns and kicks Cream out of the neighborhood with Cream saying " You shoulda killed me Tonto, You shoulda killed me!". That night Joe looks over his previous failed program and the kids that were killed in the attempted robbery, which ends with Joe burning a news clipping with their pictures. He overhears the teens in the other room making mock gun noises. Disgusted at them playing with the guns like children he scolds them, saying, "You wanna use a gun you start with respect not your Barrio bullshit, you start poppin\' off rounds the only one who gets hit is a kid in an upstairs window!" He tells them about the failed program and his "Band" he lets them know that they are not continuing the program anymore but that he\'s not backing up anymore. he tells them that he\'s going to stand up to Cream when he returns for revenge saying "You can\'t change the people without changing the streets". He plans on taking the neighborhood back by force. The kids ask what will happen and he tells them that he will cover them in his parole reports for as long as he can. They refuse to leave, saying that they will stay and fight. The next morning he begins to train them in weapons and tactics saying, "Each guy\'s life depends on all. On each man doing his job, you cover your zone. You know the man on your right will cover your right, you know the man on your left will kill everything on your left. You are all part of each other like fingers on a hand. A FIRE TEAM!" The scene cuts to a yacht where Cream is speaking to Nestor about the troubles and that he needs to kill the kids. Cream\'s associate is looking at Nikki, who is sunbathing on the deck. Nestor stabs him in the hand telling Nikki to cover herself. Nikki is visibly upset. Carlos talks to Joe that night saying that he is not coming back, he has another war going on. Joe replies that it\'s "The same war, you\'re just changing sides." he arrives at Aldo\'s apartment and finds Nikki there. She has escaped from Nestor. After a verbal altercation about her sleeping with Nestor, they reconcile and plan to leave Miami for good. On the way out of town, Nikki tells Carlos that Cream is going to take out the house and all the kids. He quickly makes a u-turn and goes to help. Back at the house, Cream is assaulting the area while the kids fend them off the best they can. After a long battle Carlos returns and throws Nikki out of the car. He rams the vehicle that Cream is in, flipping it over. The remaining gang members flee as the kids regroup. They look at the house that is now in flames. Cream crawls out of the car and takes aim at Joe and the kids. Crazy sees him and warns Joe. Joe pushes the kids out of the way and fires. Cream and Joe kill each other as the kids look on. Carlos takes control and tells them to gather the guns and to get Joe\'s Jeep. That morning the five have Joe buried by his tribe in the everglades. They return to their home that is now in ruins and say farewell to one another. Later that week, they all return one by one to the house that is now covered in Nestor\'s brujería symbols as a warning not to resist him. They pick through Joe\'s items finding that Joe was a Special Forces Commando in the United States Marine Corps during Vietnam and he was the sole survivor of his own five man fire team "The Band of The Hand" and was awarded the Medal of Honor. Nikki tells them all that Nestor sent Cream and they come to the conclusion he was responsible for Joe\'s death and begin to plot their revenge. The scene cuts to Nestor who is planning to open the largest cocaine production facility in the United States, and wants everything to go smoothly for his financier, "The Columbian". He tells his bodyguard that he wants him to find Nikki and kill her as he sees fit. When asked about what to do with the other five he says, "The kids, they\'re nothin\', nobody." The said kids are in a van following Nestor to a clinic where he is purchasing ether for the cocaine production. They continue to follow him and find a large compound in the swamp with a large amount of guards and dogs in a double enclosed electric fence. Crazy and Nikki pose as a boyfriend and girlfriend planning to do some gardening and purchase numerous chemicals and equipment to make pipe bombs and tear gas. After a strange conversation about armadillos with the clerk, they return to their new base of operations to prepare and plan the assault. Nikki, who is watching Nestor, sees the Columbian has arrived and informs the group. They all jump into Joe\'s jeep and head out. Night falls. As they begin the assault, Carlos gets onto a radio tower and watches over the other four with an Automatic rifle. Ruben, Moss, Dorcey and J.l. disable the electric fence and enter the secondary fence. As the guard dogs approach, they use a female dog in heat to lure them away and breach the second fence as Nikki guards the perimeter. Nestor shows the Columbian the facility and its enclosed air conditioning system and that it is undetectable due to being able to scrub the ether out of the air before expelling it. Crazy uses this to his advantage and uses "Gopher gas" to force out the occupants by flooding the room with gas. A guard notices him and shoots at J.L. but Carlos kills him before he can take careful aim. The whole compound, now on alert, searches the area for the intruders as they try to place explosives in the compound to blow up the stockpile of ether. Moss, Ruben and Dorcey storm the entrance but are stopped short by an M-134 Minigun in a tower. As they are pinned down Carlos is able to take out the operator but another quickly takes his place. Crazy, being the only on near enough and out of range, climbs onto the roof and throws a pipe bomb into the tower destroying the minigun. The kids are able to breach the compound and arm their explosives, making it out alive. Nestor who has managed to escape finds Nikki with a shotgun and drops his weapon. He tries to convince her to give him the gun and grabs the barrel. Nikki shoots him in the abdomen killing him. The group gathers at the gate and detonate the explosives, leveling the building and killing the remaining guards. Driving away they reminisce about Joe wanting this and are stopped at a Police checkpoint. An officer asks where they are going and they reply "Miami, We\'re gonna jam!" the officer thinking they are just a bunch of innocent teens lets them go unopposed.'] ["Navy Commander Sam Keenan  is a decorated U.S. Navy SEAL, sent to the Eastern European nation of Moldavia. Keenan is sent to the U.S. Embassy in Moldavia's capital city to become the new Security Attaché there. When he arrives, Keenan learns that Moldavia is in the middle of a civil war. At the embassy, Keenan meets with Ambassador George Norland , who makes Keenan the deputy ambassador. Recently, the U.S. installed a new government in Moldavia, and it is a government led by Moldavia's newly-elected president Yuri Amirev . Amirev wants the nation to be run as a democracy, but under the command of Anton Tavarov , Communist insurgents have caused a riot at the presidential palace, threatening the fragile democracy. The insurgents are loyal to dictative former president Alexei Kirilov , who is a communist who abused Moldavia's people. When the palace guards start firing on the insurgents without Amirev's go-ahead, the insurgents storm the palace, demanding Amirev's head. Keenan volunteers to bring Amirev to the embassy. But events reach critical mass, and the insurgents open fire. Keenan barely makes it back with Amirev, but the fight isn't over yet. Fifty Americans are holed up in the embassy, and Tavarov and his massive army have arrived at the gates, with plans to crash the building and drag Amirev out by any means necessary. To add to Keenan's problems, Norland is killed by a rocket that was launched by one of Tavarov's men. To defend the embassy, Keenan has only 15 Marines, CIA bureaucrat Frank Gaines , limited ammunition, and his martial arts skills to hold Tavarov's army off until American reinforcements arrive. To make matters worse, Keenan's girlfriend, reporter Michelle Whitman , is one of the hostages. With Tavarov's crew getting in position for attack, a power struggle takes place between Keenan and Gaines; with help hours away, it will be up to Keenan to rescue the hostages."] ['Dr. Bernhardt tries to become better acquainted with the passengers of Allied nationalities who have boarded a train, they all rebuff his overtures because he is a German. When he retires to his compartment, he is killed by a bomb. While the others are questioned at the next stop, Frankfurt, they learn that the dead man was actually one of the doctor\'s bodyguards. Bernhardt had been posing as another passenger, and Lucienne is his secretary. Bernhardt\'s enemies are not foiled for long. He is kidnapped from the busy train station in broad daylight after he greets Walther, an old, trusted friend. The U.S. Army quickly institutes a search of the city, but when Lucienne begs her fellow travelers to help look for Bernhardt , they at first all decline. One by one, however, they change their minds. Lucienne suggests they go see Walther, unaware that he has betrayed Bernhardt in return for his missing wife\'s location. When they get there, they discover only Walther\'s body. He hanged himself after the kidnappers revealed his wife has been dead all along. The group then splits up to cover the city, with Lindley accompanying Lucienne to various illegal nightclubs. At the last one, Lindley notices a woman smoking an unusually long cigarette, just like the ones Bernhardt likes. He picks up a discarded butt and shows Lucienne that it has a "B" monogram on it. When the woman turns out to be an entertainer, pretending to know the answers of questions posed by the customers, Lindley asks her where Bernhardt is. Her clown assistant impedes Lindley, allowing her to get away. When Lindley and Lucienne question Sergeant Barnes, the American soldier who was sitting with the woman beforehand, he reluctantly agrees to lead them to where she lives. It is a trap, however. When they get to an abandoned brewery, Barnes turns out to be working with the kidnappers. Now all three are prisoners. Fortunately, an undercover agent had knocked out the clown and taken his place, accompanying the others to the hideout. He is shot when the real clown shows up, but manages to get back to the nightclub and inform the authorities where Bernhardt is being held. American soldiers break in just as Bernhardt and Lucienne are about to be shot, and free the three unharmed. Kessler, the ringleader, is killed by Perrot, who turns out to be Bernhardt\'s would-be assassin. The passengers reboard the train. Perrot suggests that each of them take a turn guarding Bernhardt in his compartment, with him going first. Afterward, Lindley pieces together various lies Perrot had told and recalls that he knew that the bomb was made from a grenade, but the others dismiss his suspicions. Luckily, he sees Perrot strangling Bernhardt in the reflection from a passing train and saves the doctor\'s life. Perrot is shot dead as he tries to flee.'] ["With fifteen years on the force, Sergeant Frank Gannon  has spent the last three years on the Direct Action Unit  task force, fighting gang crime and corruption. The DAU, led by Captain Stone , is a special unit of the Metropolitan Police Department focusing on gang violence, drugs, and prostitution. It's made up of highly trained officers with at least 10 years on the force. They have been untouchable in every way. With the highest arrest record in the department, two Medals of Valor, the youngest officer ever to make detective, and the son of a cop himself, Gannon does everything with integrity. His father was the late Captain Michael J. Gannon. Although the Direct Action Unit appears to have been the saving force in city over the past few years -- fighting against theft, larceny, conspiracy, extortion, and murder -- evidence is coming to light that some members of the DAU were up to much more than keeping the city streets safe. The Direct Action Unit task force has been under intense federal investigation for 8 months on suspicions of stealing drugs and money, the jailing of innocent people, and possibly murder. And the investigation is being overseen by Assistant Attorney General LoPresti . At the end of his shift on this day, Gannon is to testify at a federal grand jury about the DAU, which is making Gannon's bosses extremely nervous. That morning, Gannon is suddenly partnered with detective trainee Billie Ross , and is asked to show her the ropes. With little experience on the streets, Ross is thrilled to start her two-week detective training period with the legendary Gannon. This not good news for Gannon, as Ross is hardly the experienced backup he needs on the toughest day of his career as Captain Stone keeps sending men to kill him. And Stone has been working with a drug ring led by Khalid Manseur . Even LoPresti has been working with Stone. Stone frames Gannon and Ross for murder in the self-defense killings of three corrupt cops, and to prove their innocence, Gannon and Ross will have to take down Stone and everyone he's working with."] ['The French secret agent Josselin Beaumont is sent to Malagawi, a fictional African country, to kill the ruling dictator, Colonel Njala. However, before he manages accomplish his mission, the political situation changes drastically and the French secret service resorts to handing over Beaumont to the Malagawian authorities. After a long and unfair trial, during which Beaumont is injected drugs, he is sentenced to long-term penal servitude at a "re-education camp". After a daring escape with one of the inmates he returns to France and informs the French secret service of his presence, promising that he will kill Njala, who is in France for an official visit, thus getting his revenge on the people who betrayed him. The secret service responds by setting other agents on Beaumont\'s trail, however he manages to remain one step ahead, humiliating and killing some of the major betrayers, including the sadistic chief of the secret police, Rosen. After the chief falls in a gunfight, Beaumont switches their ID cards, spreading confusion within the secret service and temporarily reducing Njala\'s guard. Beaumont eventually gets Njala killed, by tricking the secret service into shooting the dictator. As he finally tries to escape by slowly walking towards the helicopter of the presidential whore, Beaumont is shot by the French government.'] ['At home in his New York City apartment, John Shaft is drugged with a tranquilizer dart, then kidnapped and persuaded by threats of physical force, the promise of money, and the lure of a pretty tutor to travel to Africa , assuming the identity of a native-speaking itinerant worker. His job is to help break a criminal ring that is smuggling immigrants into Europe then exploiting them. But the villains have heard that he is on his way. Shaft must pass a test before being hired for the job; the test involves him surviving in a small, overheated room without water, and a floor covered in deep sand, mimicking the supposed conditions of Africa. Shaft ingeniously covers himself with the sand, thereby avoiding heatstroke and winning the contract from his employer. Shaft must then embark upon a mission to infiltrate and destroy a human trafficking and slavery ring in West Africa and France.'] ['Frank Martin  is a highly skilled driver known only as "The Transporter." The titular character is a former Special Forces officer who, disillusioned with his former leadership and tortured by the memories of his past, now lives on the French Mediterranean coastline with a lucrative "backup" career. He will transport anything, no questions asked, from Point A to Point B, always on time, and he is known as the best in the business. He strictly follows four rules when transporting: Rule #1: "No new deals, when it\'s a deal, it\'s a deal", Rule #2: "No names", Rule #3: "Don\'t open the package", and Rule #4: "Never make a promise you can\'t keep". Frank has been hired to transport "Three men, 254 kilos." When not three but four men get into his car, fresh from a bank heist, Frank refuses to move, holding fast to Rule #1. After one gang member is killed by the others, Frank leaves with the remaining robbers. On delivery to their destination, they foist new money on Frank to drive further from the city. He refuses the deal, again adhering to Rule #1. The robbers escape in another car, and Frank leaves. Frank returns to his mansion in the south of France, and he finds out via the news that the gang was caught after crashing their getaway car in a pursuit. Later, local police Inspector Tarconi , who happens to be a close acquaintance, arrives to question Frank about the robbery, since his make and model of car was the same used in the robbery. However, despite his suspicions about Frank\'s involvement, Tarconi has no concrete proof about the heist  and leaves his Villa. Frank is then hired to deliver a package to an American gangster  known only as "Wall Street.". During the way, he notices that something is moving in the package, but he refuses to open the bag due to Rule #3. While changing a flat tire on the road in France, he breaks one of his rules and opens the package that was placed into the trunk at Point A. He finds the package is really a woman, and he makes a small hole in the tape over her mouth and gives her a bottle of juice to drink. He delivers the package as promised to Point B. After receiving the package, Wall Street asks Frank to transport a briefcase. Frank reluctantly accepts the job. He takes the briefcase and leaves. On the way, he stops at a gas station to eat and rest for a little while, but the briefcase turns out to be a bomb that destroys Frank\'s car in the parking lot but leaves him unharmed. Frank snaps and returns to Wall Street\'s residence with a vengeance, dispatching several of his henchmen and then stealing a car to get away, only to find "the package" tied to a chair in the back seat. Later on, he returns to his house, and unties the package who tells him that her name is Lai. The next day, Tarconi arrives. Lai opens the door and claims to be Frank\'s new cook. He makes the usual inquiries, producing a scorched license plate, and expressing suspicion that Frank\'s "cook" drives a Mercedes. Lai now says she is Frank\'s new girlfriend and supports Frank\'s alibi with an invented story about how they met. Tarconi leaves with no proof again. However, shortly after he leaves, missiles rain down on Frank\'s house, and Frank and Lai are barely able to escape the house into the sewer, swimming away from the house before it completely explodes. At the police station, being questioned about the destruction of Frank\'s house, Frank and Lai are able to deflect Tarconi\'s questions, and Lai manages to sneak onto Tarconi\'s computer to access information on Wall Street. She tells Frank that Wall Street is trafficking two shipping containers full of Chinese people including her own father and family, and is planning to sell them into slavery. Lai and Frank go to Wall Street\'s office to find the shipping docket identifying the containers. However, Wall Street reveals that Lai\'s family is not in the containers. In fact, her father is the man responsible for the human trafficking. Tarconi, who was following Frank, then arrives at the office. Wall Street and Lai\'s father accuse Frank of kidnapping Lai and attempting to blackmail them. Unable to prove otherwise, Tarconi has Frank arrested and locked up in the station. At the station, Frank does his best to explain the situation to Tarconi. Tarconi agrees to abet Frank\'s escape as his faux hostage. Frank then tracks the criminals to the docks, where they load the containers onto trucks. However, Frank is spotted and is forced to fight his way through the guards, failing to stop the trucks. He then steals a small airplane and parachutes onto one of the trucks, killing Wall Street and a number of his henchmen. After getting out of the truck, Frank is then ambushed by Lai\'s father. However, Frank is saved when Lai shoots her own father. Afterwards, Tarconi arrives with the police and they rescue the people trapped inside the containers, and Frank and Lai help to load them in the ambulances as the film ends.'] 