['After coming off a successful comedy tour, Dolemite throws a get-together at his mansion, there he announces that he is to offer his mansion to the person that started a drive for a new boys\' home, then is rudely interrupted by the local sheriff and his deputies because they\'re a group of black people having a party, thus causing trouble. Turns out the Sheriff\'s wife is offering Dolemite money for sexual services. When the sheriff catches them red handed, he promptly shoots his wife. Dolemite and his friends kidnap a young man and his car and decide head to California where he is to meet Queen Bee, only to find out that the local mob man, Joe Cavaletti kidnapped two of her girls and forced her to close down her joint and work for him. Dolemite must rescue Queen Bee, her girls and teach the grease balls a lesson all the while being chased by his hometown\'s sheriff for the murder of his wife he pinned on him. The final scenes are similar to much of the era\'s kung fu scenes along with the expected added sound effects, and a fight with none other than the "Central American Nunchuck champion".'] ["Stroker Ace is a popular race car driver from Waycross, Georgia, and , a three-time champion, on the NASCAR circuit. An all-or-nothing man, he wins if he does not crash. He is arrogant and pompous, with no regard for the business side of his racing team. He also has an on-track, season-long rivalry with ambitious young driver Aubrey James . When he runs afoul of his current sponsor, Jim Catty  of Zenon Oil, by dumping a load of wet concrete on him, he has to find a new one. Fried-chicken mogul Clyde Torkel, along with his chauffeur, Arnold , and newly appointed director of marketing and public relations, Pembrook Feeny , convince Stroker and his chief mechanic, Lugs Harvey, to sign up with him. Overlooking his contract by not reading its specifics, Stroker begins a new life as the commercial face for the Chicken Pit fast-food restaurants.  His contract provves to stipulate that he must do personal appearances, which include dressing up in a chicken suit--feet included. Realizing that he is locked into a bad deal, Stroker devises a plan with Lugs to get out of it. Torkel is on to Stroker, though, and allows his antics because he sees the racer as his big ticket to regional fame by promoting the Chicken Pit franchise. A ladies' man, Stroker tries to seduce the beautiful Pembrook, who is a Sunday School teacher, does not drink, and is a virgin. She spurns all of his advances until he learns to respect her views. One night, after getting her drunk on champagne, he has a chance to take advantage of her, but he does not. Stroker is winning races under the Chicken Pit sponsorship and is in the running for the season-ending championship. At the beginning of the final race, Torkel is offered a deal to sell his franchise for a huge profit, as part of an elaborate scheme that Stroker and his friends have concocted. The catch is that if he wins the championship Stroker has to sell chicken for the next two years; if he loses is he out of the contract. During the race Stroker is at odds with himself. He drops back in the race in an effort to lose, but his ego won't let him so he quickly begins moving back through the pack. Torkel, realizing that Stroker would rather lose than be bound by the contract, makes a public announcement that he is releasing Stroker immediately. He is unaware that Stroker is moving up through the field in an effort to win. With the news that he is free from the contract, Stroker wins the championship in spectacular fashion by flipping his car over as he crosses the finish line. Torkel then finds that the lucrative offer for his chicken franchise is a fake, cooked up by Stroker and his friends."] ['{{plot}} Maxwell "Max" Smart , an analyst for the top secret American intelligence agency CONTROL, yearns to become a field agent like his idol, Agent 23 . Despite his amazing scores in the acceptance tests, Max is denied the promotion because the Chief  of CONTROL feels that Max\'s analytical skills are best used for his present assignment. When CONTROL headquarters is attacked by the terrorist organization KAOS, led by Siegfried , almost all of CONTROL\'s agents\' identities are exposed, leaving only Max and Agent 99 , whose recent plastic surgery has protected her identity, to pursue the culprits while former field operatives are demoted to desk jobs. Max is promoted to field agent as Agent 86, but the experienced 99 is reluctant to partner him because of his clumsy personality. Before he leaves HQ, two of Max\'s friends from the lab give him an unusual Swiss Army Knife which not only has the standard equipment, but also comes with a flamethrower and a crossbow that fires harpoons. Max and 99 enter Russia by parachute, hoping to trace KAOS\' recent acquisition of nuclear materials through its chief bomb maker, Krstic. Along the way, they are attacked by Dalip , one of Siegfried\'s henchman. By infiltrating a luxurious party hosted by Krstic, they trace the nuclear material to a KAOS nuclear weapons factory disguised as a Moscow bakery, but when Krstic and his men corner them, Max is forced to shot him. In the bakery, Max meets with Siegfried and his second-in-command, Shtarker, only to learn that Siegfried was expecting him because a double-agent has compromised his and 99\'s identities. Max manages to escape capture and bombs the weapons factory. During their escape, Max and 99 are confronted by Dalip. Realizing that he knows Dalip through hours of listening to him on spy \'chatter\', Max manages to persuade Dalip to spare their lives by giving him advice on how to repair his failing marriage. The Chief sends 23 to observe the clean-up of the factory, but KAOS manages to sneak the weapons out through the Moskva River, so 23 report\'s that only a bakery has been destroyed. Realizing that Max was alone during his key discoveries, CONTROL believe Max to be the double-agent. 99, who has been gradually falling in love with Max, is heartbroken but takes Max into custody. CONTROL\'s warning is disregarded when Siegfried threatens to release nuclear weapon detonator codes to rogue states unless the United States government pays him $200&nbsp;billion. While Max is in a CONTROL holding cell, Dalip sends him a coded message via the radio show American Top 40 revealing Siegfried\'s plan: to detonate a nuclear device during the President\'s visit to a concert performed at the Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles. Max escapes from CONTROL and flies to Los Angeles to unite with the Chief, 99, and 23, who have flown out to persuade the President to take the KAOS threat seriously. Although 23 is skeptical, Max manages to convince 99 and the Chief that he is not the double-agent. As KAOS plants the nuclear bomb in the concert hall, Max\'s Geiger counter-equipped watch beeps when he is near 23, picking up trace elements of radiation. Max questions him as to why he would have radiation on him if he said the bakery was clean. He also points out that 23\'s knife wound is seeping blood, which 23 had previously said happens when his blood pressure rises, concluding that 23 is the double-agent. 23 then pulls out a gun, takes 99 hostage and flees in a vehicle. While chasing after 23, Max explains to the Chief about why can\'t get over the fact that 23 is a traitor while the Chief constantly warns Max of obstacles ahead. Crashing into a golf course, the car is littered with golf balls, while hitting a sand trap, a golf tractor and a snack shack. The car hit the shack, flies through the air, and lands at the fence of an airport. They then hop onto a small plane with an advertisement on its tail. Max reaches 23\'s car by jumping out of the plane and rescues 99, but in the struggle the car is set on fire  and forced onto railroad tracks. Max then follows 99\'s example during the skydive and kisses 23 to distract him. After the kiss, the car collides with a freight train and 23 is killed. Max escapes certain death, "missing it by that much". After analyzing 23\'s nuclear football, Max realizes that the bomb will be triggered by the final note of Beethoven\'s "Ode to Joy". Max, 99, and the Chief manage to reach the concert hall, and Max tackles the conductor just before the final note. Siegfried, finding that his plan has failed, tells Dalip that he will not kill his wife for his failure, though he comments that he would be doing "the sighted world a favor" if he did. In response, Dalip throws him out the car door. Max is given honors and gets his dream of becoming a real spy with agent 99 as his girlfriend. The movie ends as Max and 99 exit CONTROL headquarters through a walkway. While the doors of the walkway close, the two notice that the last door did not close. Max attempts to fix it, but it closes on him. He drops his Swiss Army knife and it fires a harpoon at his cheeks.'] ['The Angels, Dylan, Natalie and Alex, are hired to locate a set of titanium rings stolen from the Department of Justice that, when put together in a special machine, will display a list of all individuals in the witness protection program. Having discovered that one person on the list has been killed, the Angels investigate the scene and discover evidence suggesting that the killer is a surfer with a scar on one leg. Having tracked the killer to his next victim - who is subsequently sent to Bosley\'s house for protection - it is revealed that angel Dylan was once named Helen Zaas and is in the program herself for sending her former boyfriend Seamus - a member of the O\'Grady mafia family - to jail. Although they recover the rings, Dylan leaves the Angels because she doesn\'t want to endanger them with Seamus\' vendetta, but a vision of former Angel Kelly Garrett prompts her to return. Dylan and the others deduce that former angel Madison Lee is the perpetrator of the crimes due to her being the only individual possessing the necessary contacts to carry out such a scheme. Madison, having concluded "Why be an Angel, when [she] can be God", shoots the Angels and reacquires the rings- although the Angels are saved by their specially-designed Kevlar vests- returns to the agency to "confront" Charlie, rejecting his attempts to remind her that the Angels are a family and shooting his speaker off the desk, coldly sneering that she wasn\'t just a good Angel, but was the best, rejecting the idea that she ever needed her teammates. Learning that the rings will be sold after a rendezvous on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, the Angels travel to Hollywood. They set the Antonioni Crime Family, the Tanaka Yakuza, and the Diablo Cartel up to be caught by the FBI in a faked rendezvous. With Madison having contacted the O\'Gradys to act as security, Alex and Dylan take out the O\'Gradys, while Natalie and Madison go head-to-head themselves. Seamus kills the Thin Man as he shares a kiss with Dylan and Seamus and Dylan fight but when Seamus was about to burn her with his lighter, she kicks him off the building and he falls to his death, with the Angels subsequently stopping Madison\'s attempt to blow up the premiere of Alex\'s boyfriend Jason\'s new movie thanks to Bosley knocking the bomb away. Although Madison tries to escape, the Angels defeat her in a final confrontation in an abandoned theatre, throwing her through a gas main just as she fires her gun, causing an explosion that kills her. The film ends with the Angels celebrating their victory with Bosley.'] ['The fast-moving Carson family gets ready to take on their next challenge as eldest son Andrew "Andy"  gears up for a motocross race with the hopes of winning a corporate sponsorship. Twin sister Andrea "Andy" Carson  finds herself in a bind when her love for motocross racing provokes her overprotective father, Edward , who is adverse to the idea of his daughter participating in such a dangerous sport and prefers that she stick to "girl things". When their parents are out of the house for the day, Andrea and Andrew decide to have a friendly race on the family track. While racing, Andrew ends up losing control of his bike, causing him to be thrown off and crash into the fence, injuring his knee which renders him unable to race in the Cup. Edward is forced to quit his job, dipping into the family\'s finances to find a replacement rider from Europe. Fueled by her desire to get on the track and feeling guilty over her brother\'s injury, Andrea formulates a plan to masquerade as her brother, to which Andrew reluctantly agrees. Andrea is "welcomed" by unfriendly competition and comes back home with a scrape on her arm, which makes her mother, Geneva , suspicious. After dragging the answer out of youngest son Jason  and a whole night to think it over, Geneva secretly  agrees to let Andrea race in Andrew\'s place. The catch, however, is that this all needs to happen behind Edward\'s back, and before he comes home with a replacement rider. Andrea and her mother arrive at the race venue and register under her brother\'s name, "Andy". In spite of her initial confidence, Andrea learns the hard way that competition is fierce, and finishes last in her first race. Thinking that Andrea is a guy, competitor Dean Talon  takes notice when the "lapper" garners the attention of several young women, finding it unbelievable that a 125 rider is getting looks. Dean, knowing that "Andrew" needs help with riding, offers to help the rookie in exchange for advice on his crush, Faryn Henderson . Andrea quickly finds herself falling for Dean, who she reluctantly helps win Faryn\'s shallow affection. Her training also pays off when she places 7th in a following race. Still on the up-and-up, she takes 3rd place in the following race, only to be caught by her angry father immediately after when he arrives unexpectedly and orders Geneva and Andrea back home. Edward has now found a replacement rider from France, René Cartier . His arrogance immediately fouls up the room, and things are no better when he is offered a stay at the Carson home. He is especially poorly-received by Andrea after he tries to hit on her, and treats her brothers with disrespect. After some research, Andrea learns that Cartier has garnered a bad reputation for his harsh, underhanded, and dangerous behavior on the track, but when Andrew brings it to Edward\'s attention, he says that an aggressive rider is what the family needs at the moment. Andrea finds no further solace when she finds Cartier talking with Art Henderson, a competitor, though she is only given a scolding by Edward when he sees the two of them arguing over it. Back at camp after talking with Geneva, Edward begins to realize how much racing really means to Andrea and the support the rest of the family has given her. He finds Andrea arguing with Cartier and Andrea says that she\'s only trying to help her family and Cartier rudely tells her to back off before shoving her. Edward sees it and runs over to them, firing Cartier. He and Andrea then go for a walk where Edward tells her that is proud of her for bringing Carson Racing to where it is now and allows her to do the final race. On the final race, Andrea and Cartier, now racing under Art Henderson Racing, find themselves fighting fiercely for the finish. When Cartier fumbles on a turn, Andrea takes the victory and finishes 1st in the final lap. However, an angry Cartier exposes her during a live interview, much to the shock of the entire community and Dean\'s dismay. A heated argument between the Carson family and Art Henderson Racing gets under way about disqualifying Andrea by saying that a girl isn\'t allowed to compete, which Geneva argues saying that she read the rulebook and it doesn\'t mention anywhere about girls not being allowed to race. Henderson then tries to argue that Andrea wasn\'t registered and Geneva pulls out the registration form showing that Andrea did register under "Andy Carson", as it\'s short for Andrea . Barbara Rollins , the corporate CEO, expresses her inspiration at Andrea\'s actions. She is inspired that a woman "came on top in a man\'s sport," and not only allows Andrea to retain her title, but also awards the entire Carson family a full factory sponsorship. Back at home, Geneva surprises the kids with the news that they have the privilege of hiring a 250 rider for the next race. Already having someone in mind, she tells Andrea to interview the new rider. Upon walking outside, Andrea finds Dean and learns that he had signed onto their team, and challenges him to a race.'] ['Jimmy Tong  is a taxi driver notorious for his speed and ability to get his customer anywhere in the least amount of time. His reputation lands him a job as the personal chauffeur of the mysterious but wealthy Clark Devlin . Jimmy does not really know what his new boss\' job might be, but Devlin\'s friendly nature, imperturbable demeanor, and willingness to offer Jimmy advice wins Jimmy over and the two become friends. Jimmy has no idea that Devlin is a spy, and when an attempt to kill Devlin with a car bombing sends him into a coma, Jimmy ends up with Devlin\'s recent case notes and a special watch that controls Devlin\'s rather unusual tuxedo. The tuxedo is a gadget capable of granting its wearer special abilities  which Jimmy must use to stop the terrorist group responsible for Devlin\'s attempted murder. Headed by the notorious Dietrich Banning , the goal of the Banning Corporation is to take over the global drinking water supply, starting with the poisoning of major US reservoirs by means of genetically-modified water strider insects. By pure chance Jimmy is joined by a genius scientist with aspirations of field work, Delilah "Del" Blaine . Blaine is completely new to field work and is delighted to be on assignment with Devlin, only to be very confused by Jimmy as he impersonates Devlin, relying on the tuxedo\'s special abilities to compensate for his lack of skill and training. At first, Blaine thinks Jimmy is weird and annoying, and then a fraud when Jimmy\'s impersonation is finally exposed. She confiscates his borrowed tuxedo and attempts to stop the evil Dietrich Banning on her own by feigning a desire to become a turncoat for Banning Corporation. Meanwhile Jimmy is ready to give up and go back to his life as a taxi driver, but while packing his belongings he discovers that Devlin had ordered a second tuxedo for Jimmy himself, believing that Jimmy could also be a great agent. Using his own tuxedo, Jimmy defeats the villain, Banning, and his henchmen. In the final scene, he and Blaine admit a tentative attraction for each other and walk away to buy coffee.'] ["In 1963, a couple  are doting on their newborn twin boys. Meanwhile, a dangerous gang leader named Crazy Kung  is being transported as a captive in the same hospital. Crazy Kung escapes and attempts to take one of the twins hostage. In the ensuing chaos, the twins are permanently separated. One of them, named Ma Yau, is raised by his parents and grows up to be a concert pianist and conductor. The other, named Wan Ma, is raised by a woman named Tsui , and grows up to be a street racer and martial artist. Neither of them has ever thought that he has a twin brother. 28 years later, the twins'  lives intersect in Hong Kong. Wan Ma and his best friend Tarzan  get mixed up with a dangerous gang. Meanwhile, Ma Yau prepares to conduct a major concert. The twins accidentally switch places, causing confusion for both of them until they discover each other. The twins also have romantic interests named Barbara  and Tong Sum . Eventually, the twins defeat the gang that has been threatening them, and marry their romantic interests."] ['Refined actress Lauren Ames  finally has a chance to study with the great theatre professor Stanislav Korzenowski . Sandy Brozinsky , a brash, loud actress, decides through happenstance to also study with Korzenowski. Lauren and Sandy take an instant dislike to each other when they first meet in Korzenowski\'s class, but unknown to each other, both women begin dating the same man, Michael Sanders . When Michael "dies" in a gas explosion at a local store, Lauren and Sandy figure out that Michael may have faked his death, and they form an uneven alliance to follow leads across the country to find him and force him to choose between them. During their quest, Lauren and Sandy are chased by CIA agents, as well as Russian assassins who are also after Michael. When Lauren and Sandy finally find Michael, he tries to kill both of them and they are forced to run until they are captured by the federal agents. Lauren and Sandy learn that Michael is a double agent for the CIA who has now gone rogue, also working for the KGB, and that he has stolen a toxin that could destroy huge areas of nature with just a few drops. The CIA wants to find Michael to force him to give back the toxin bio-weapon, while the Russian assassins are men cheated by the double agent who work for Korzenowski, the ladies theatre professor. The chase leads to rural Arizona when Lauren is taken hostage by Michael and his rogue associates who force a trade with the CIA for the toxin, and with Korzenowski with the stolen cash he intended to give to Michael. When the trade goes awry, Lauren gets away with both the money and the toxin, with Michael in hot pursuit. Cornered on a series of mountain tops, Lauren uses her former ballet skills to evade him, culminating in a grand Jeté, as pursuing Michael slips and is killed on the rocks far below whilst the money is lost to native Indians. The women form a lasting friendship, and go on to perform Hamlet together, with Lauren in the title role. Note: Tres Cruces is also mentioned as a location for the bank in Charley Varrick'] ["The school attended by Dragon  and his brother, Tiger  is entered against a rival school in a Lion Dance competition. The school needs to win the prize money to remain open but their star performer, Tiger, is seemingly injured when he falls from a ladder, leaving his brother, Dragon, to take his place. During the competition, Dragon realizes that his brother feigned his accident in order to take part in the competition for the rival school. The rival school wins the competition, but the truth emerges about Tiger's betrayal and he is exiled in disgrace. Dragon vows to bring back his errant brother so the pair can make amends to their master. Dragon sets off on his mission, but en route is mistaken for a criminal known as The White Fan by local police chief, Sang Kung . Meanwhile, Tiger collaborates with his employers  by freeing a dangerous criminal known as Kam . However, Tiger is later framed for a bank robbery. To stop his brother from being arrested, Dragon promises to apprehend the escapee, Kam. The movie ends with a furious, brutal fight between Kam and Dragon, in which Dragon sustains substantial damage. At the beginning of the fight, it appears that Kam has the upper hand as he punishes Dragon with blindingly fast punches and kicks. However, after consuming water from an opium pipe given to him by a whimsical old man, Dragon becomes energized and defeats Kam. The movie ends with Dragon returning to his hometown, a hero ."] ['Sweet Shop owner Louie needs to raise $300. The Boys try to sell their car to raise the money, but are unable to because the car falls apart when they try to show it to a prospective buyer. They decide to go to the bank and take a loan out on it, but just as they arrive the bank is robbed. The robbers bump into them and drop the bag full of the stolen money. As Sach picks up the bag to return it to the robber, Cathy, a photographer, takes his photo. After trying unsuccessfully to get the photo back, it winds up on the front page of the newspaper and Sach becomes a wanted criminal. Slip pretends to be a notorious gangster, Midge Casalotti, in order to get the stolen money back and to clear Sach\'s name. In the end, Sach is cleared and the gangsters, led by Ace Deuce, are apprehended. The film ends in an explosion, where a spare tire with the words, "Dead End" on it falls around the necks of Sach and Slip.'] ["Jompa Torman is reluctantly on his way into marriage. The bride's family is gathered at the traditional engagement coffee at Kautokeino community centre when the Deadly Sapmi Assassination Squad, consisting of Tampa Buljo, Crazy Beibifeit, Dr. Kjell Driver and Bud Light assault the premises, draw guns, and fire on anything that moves. Nobody is supposed to leave the centre alive, but Jompa miraculously survives and falls into a deep coma. The Sami- and woman-hating police inspector Sid Wisløff are assigned to the case together with his assistant Unni Formen. Wisløff is confident that Jompa Tormann killed all his guests, finishing the act by shooting his own head four times to look innocent. A few weeks later, Jompa awakens, and begins to seek revenge. He has a Katana forged for him by the legendary swords-smith, Fugioshi Shinaga and sets out. He tracks down the members of The Deadly Sapmi Assassination Squad and settles his business with them one by one. Sid Wisløff and Unni Formen, aided by the Sami pathfinder Peggy Mathilassi are on his heels to put him behind bars."] ['Jung Do-man is a low-ranking traffic cop whose tendency to do things "by the book" sometimes gets him in trouble, such as when he pulls over his new boss, newly instated police chief Lee Seung-man, and issues him with a traffic ticket. Though surprised and annoyed by the unexpected fine, the police chief has bigger problems; the town of Sampo has been hit by a string of bank robberies, and to reassure the public he decides to carry out a realistic drill which will demonstrate the police force\'s capability. Do-man is chosen to act out the part of the bank robber, but with his usual fastidious attention to detail he sets out to commit the perfect crime.'] ['A master Mahjong player named Fanny  gets divorced by her husband and must play in the King of Mahjong match to win him back. As she plays, she must rely on her kung fu skills to beat up the famous cheaters such as the Japanese woman, a very strong man, the triplets and much more and win allied with her classmates, master, and brother along with her "Nipple Twister". The film ends with Fanny nippletwisting her ex-husband by meaning she now had the power her ex-husband use to have.'] ["Two Harlem detectives are assigned by the NYPD to recover $87,000 of poor black families life savings, which have been stolen in a Back to Africa swindle; the money is concealed in a bale of cotton, which keeps changing hands. The detectives, Gravedigger Jones  and Coffin Ed Johnson , are two black cops with a reputation for breaking the odd head. Both are annoyed at the success of the charismatic black nationalist leader Reverend Deke O'Malley  who is selling trips back to Africa to the poor on the installment plan. When O'Malley's truck is hijacked at a barbecue and a bale of cotton stuffed with money is lost in the chase, Harlem is turned upside down by Gravedigger and Coffin Ed, the Reverend, and the hijackers."] ['{{Plot}} The plot revolves around a secret agency with Reserve Agent King Aguila  tasked to recover the Philippines\' most important artifact. The artifact is the bolo of Lapu-lapu which he used to kill Magellan in 1521. King  is the best friend of Junior  who is the godson of Tony Falcon , a nearly retiring agent X44. As the two boys grow up, the differences between them become visible. It becomes clear that although he is the smaller one, Junior is the smarter of the two. King has a visual impairment wherein he cannot see the letter "A." This becomes an impediment for his academic success. On the other hand, King is the master retriever; i.e. he can retrieve anything that\'s lost. Ever since he was a child, King\'s idol has been his ninong Tony. He also wants to be a secret agent. Junior also wants to be an agent, but Tony is always discouraging him because he fears his son might be put in danger. He makes up an excuse, "Anak, obvious ka masyado!\' King takes up law and passes the agency\'s qualifying exams. In the agency, he meets Mary Grace ,another neophyte agent. Mary Grace is flatulent and always gets her high heels stuck in holes. She develops a crush on King, but keeps it to herself. One day, she decides to tell King her true feelings. She had barely said, "I love you" when King rushes out of the restaurant to save a girl. Of course, Mary Grace doesn\'t know that King is saving the girl. She thinks he is embracing her. She is now convinced that he is a playboy. She decides to take the West Point training being offered to her, and leaves the country feeling bitter about King. When she returns from her training, Mary Grace immediately becomes the #1 agent in the country. King is given three cases to solve, but he fails each and every one of them. The agency has no choice but to demote him to a clerical job. He longs to be given some fieldwork, but the agency will hear none of it…until Magellan\'s dagger is reported stolen. Being the top agent, Mary Grace expects the high-profile mission to be assigned to her. Thus, she is shocked when Tony Falcon pushes that King is the best agent for the mission. With the help of Junior, King nearly gets the dagger but he loses it again. Disappointed with King, Tony gets depressed and accidentally falls into a manhole. Cynthia , the agency head, decides to take King out of the mission. During Tony\'s wake, the ghost of Tony Falcon appears to her, telling her to put King back in the mission. Actually, Junior masterminded this trick. Cynthia decides to pair King with Mary Grace to retrieve the dagger for the final time. The dagger falls into the hands of three rival crime lords - Mustafah Saleh , an Arabian millionaire who wants to retrieve the dagger because it is a threat to his family\'s oil business; Leah , a Polynesian princess who wants to retrieve the dagger because they have the seawater resources but not the equipment to turn it into oil; and Purubutu-san , a Yakuza head who wants to retrieve the dagger because he has the seawater resources plus the machinery to market it all over the world. Will King be able to retrieve the dagger, and will he be able to retrieve Mary Grace\'s love for him?'] ["Norris and Gossett play Max Donigan and Leo Porter, two soldiers of fortune, whose adventures seem to almost never result in any notable gain, are befriended by an inscrutable woman of mystery Patricia . Patricia's map leads them on a quest for treasure in Central America. The name of the movie comes from the powerful guardian of the treasure. This movie is famous for a fight scene in which Norris singlehandedly defeats almost every male customer in a Mexican bar and destroys the bar in the process. Another aspect of Norris' character is his inability to properly use a firearm; in one scene, he kills a savage by pure luck after misfiring, the result was the bullet bouncing off the walls before hitting its target."] ["A young child is stranded in Tonga when his plane crashes and his father is eaten by a fish. He trains in a dojo till he becomes the Tongan Ninja. The Tongan Ninja is dispatched to the island nation of New Zealand in order to help a brother of his master with his floundering Chinese restaurant. But the mysterious Mister Big stands in the eatery's way as he sends numerous villains such as Knife Man, Gun Man, and the super-sexy Action Fighter who may know a lot about the hero."] ['Fatty and Baldy are a pair of detectives dealing with a crime syndicate of triad gangsters. After a jewellery robbery, they later find Lai , a woman who is associated with the gangsters, but end up getting themselves into trouble for going into the women\'s changing room. The gang leader, Wing , learns that one of his henchman, Johnny , has leaked his secrets so he is beaten up by the gang. During their investigation of the Lai\'s house, things go very wrong for Fatty and Baldy, and they end up imitating robbers in order to escape from the gang. They steal her car and have a brief chase from the gangsters. Later that night, Lai calls Fatty and arranges a meeting at an abandoned warehouse. At the location another fight ensues, followed by a chase of Lai\'s boss, "Prince" Tak , and Fatty ends up ruining the English Deputy Commissioner\'s wedding. Fatty and Baldy are ordered to leave Hong Kong while things settle down, so they head to Singapore. However, Lai, who has turned against her gang, is then killed by a pair of transsexual assassins. When Fatty is about to have dinner with Baldy and his girlfriend , he inadvertently ruins their relationship. So the pair have dinner outside, leading to another confrontation. Baldy deals with two English henchmen, whilst Fatty is fighting the transsexual assassins. In the aftermath of the event, Fatty\'s father and Baldy\'s girlfriend are hospitalised. Realising they will never have peace until Wing is stopped, they apprehend Tak\'s brother at an abandoned warehouse full of gas cylinders. The plan goes sour, leading to a final confrontation with the gangsters. The two English henchmen try to take down Baldy while Fatty uses nunchaku. At the final moment, Tak fires his gun, he hits the gas cylinders and Baldy and Fatty escape.'] ["Clarence Mumford is a Robitussin addict living with his parents. He is on a quest to become a ninja master much to the dismay of his parents. He leaves the house to visit his girlfriend Shotsi, only for her to cheat on him with a few other guys, who beat him up. After leaving Shotsi's apartment, he notices a flier advertising Dr. Death's dojo. Upon entering the dojo, he meets Dr. Death. After a brief discussion, Dr. Death offers to shake Clarence's hand, only to twist his arm and tell him to trust nobody, not even his own guru. That night, Clarence experiences a dream in which an old martial arts master from Korea tells him to fly to Korea and train. The next morning Clarence departs for the airport, flies to Korea, and meets the old master that he saw in his dream the previous night. The master trains Clarence with sparring and meditation. After finishing the training, Clarence returns to Shotsi's apartment in America to challenge Dr. Death to a fight that takes the two throughout the city and back to the apartment. Upon returning, Dr. Death holds Shotsi at knife-point. After channeling the master for help, Clarence receives a bike, which he uses to ride into Dr. Death, splitting him in half and killing him. After he wins, Shotsi leaps into Clarence's arms and the master appears right before him, telling him that he has to do one more thing before becoming a ninja warrior. The master tells Clarence that he did the right thing after he literally dumps Shotsi."] ["Nelson  is a teenager who robs banks with his father in group along with two other friends. When the group is disbanded over differences, Nelson and his father part ways with their former partners and form their own group. The ex-members tip off the police to where Nelson and his father are hitting next. Nelson's father is caught and sent to prison. Nelson however escapes. Together with his mother, he sets out to break his father out of prison and get revenge on their former partners."] ['Freddie  is a former stripper marrying Sam  to repay a debt owed to nightclub owner Red. But Freddie is in love with Jjaks , Sam\'s brother. Jjaks and Freddie run off together, and Sam finds where they have been hiding and calls the cops. Meanwhile someone calls to blackmail Sam and Jjaks. Sam ends up shooting Freddie in the stomach in Jjak\'s car, and tries to frame the killing on Jjaks. Sam partially admits his crime to a waiter in the local diner. Jjaks hastily avoids being caught by the police, and eventually Sam ends up shooting and killing Red  when he threatens Sam. Sam confronts Jjaks and Freddie, who had survived the wound, in a hotel room. Sam ends up getting shot when Jjaks and Freddie try to defend themselves. A corrupt Detective, Ben Costikyan  enters the hotel room and suffocates Sam by holding his hand against his mouth. A few months later, Ben is arrested in his underwear inside his mansion. Jjaks and Freddie have since had a falling out. Jjaks remembers Freddie\'s dream: that she wants to live in Las Vegas. He hitchhikes there and she romantically says "What took you so long?" They embrace each other.'] ['Veteran stuntman Sonny Hooper , known in Hollywood as "the greatest stuntman alive," is currently working as Adam West\'s stunt double on the fictitious action film The Spy Who Laughed at Danger. Hooper\'s on-set antics and wisecracks are a trial for egotistical director Roger Deal , and even more so for Deal\'s bossy assistant Tony , who gets Hooper in trouble with the Humane Society over a stunt involving a dog. Added to which the years of self-abuse on and off the set are fast catching up with Hooper, with the numerous stunts—and an addiction to painkillers—beginning to take their toll on his body. Hooper lives with his girlfriend Gwen Doyle , whose father Jocko  is a retired stuntman himself. Upon coming home from work one evening, Hooper is goaded by a friend into performing at a weekend benefit show. It is there that he first meets Delmore "Ski" Shidski , a young newcomer who makes his entrance in spectacular style, much to Hooper\'s chagrin. Hooper and Ski become friends that night after a barroom brawl with a pack of rowdy out-of-towners, including football great Terry Bradshaw. Later everybody goes to an after-hours party at Hooper\'s place where he shows his stunt reel , and Hooper invites Ski to begin working for Hooper on the new film. Unknowingly, they begin an escalating but friendly rivalry with the stunts becoming more and more spectacular—and dangerous. After a freefall from a record 224 feet, Hooper becomes more aware of his own mortality, and surreptitiously consults with his doctor about his condition. The doctor tells Hooper that one more bad jolt in his neck could render him a quadriplegic. The pompous Roger decides to re-write the film script, adding even more stunts to the film, not the least of which is a climactic earthquake at the film\'s end, complete with explosions and fires. Hooper and Ski would need to race through the carnage to a gorge with the bridge self-destructing before they can cross it. Roger initially suggests the duo rappel down one side of the gorge and up the other to safety, but Ski comes up with another idea: Fly a rocket car over the gorge. Roger immediately takes a shine to this, ignoring the fears of the producer and the chief engineer that Sonny and Ski might not survive. That evening, Hooper meets up with Gwen at the hospital; Jocko has suffered a stroke. Seeing the old stuntman laid out in a hospital bed jolts Sonny\'s thinking, and he confides in Gwen that this will be his last movie. Hooper and Gwen return home to find Sonny\'s pal and assistant Cully  waiting for them. Slightly intoxicated, Cully reveals he has been fired from the movie due to budget cuts; Hooper and Ski were to split a $100,000 bonus for the final stunt. Cully then reveals to Gwen the rocket car stunt and Hooper\'s visit to his doctor, both of which Sonny was keeping secret from Gwen. Hooper later tells a disgruntled Roger that he\'s backing out of the rocket car stunt, but Max Berns, the producer of the film and Hooper\'s friend, persuades Sonny to return and do the stunt—no one else is available, or willing, to do it. Hooper leaves for the studio, with Gwen, in a futile last-ditch attempt to change Sonny\'s mind, saying she wouldn\'t be there when he comes back. Sonny and Ski perform the massive stunt perfectly and, as expected, they land hard in the rocket car at the other end of the gorge. Ski emerges okay, but the impact is more of a shock to Sonny\'s system. Gwen tearfully pushes her way through the crowd as the film crew frantically pries open the passenger door to get Hooper out. Gwen is terrified that the jolt is finally one too many, but Sonny slowly comes out of his temporary unconsciousness and takes Gwen in his arms as the crowd cheers wildly. Max promptly fires Tony. And just for the hell of it, Hooper lands a hard punch to Roger\'s face, then walks off with Gwen, Ski, Cully and a crutch-bound Jocko by his side.'] ['{{plot}} A gang of thieves break into a high-security warehouse. An alert is sent to the police, but canceled due to unkown reasons. Two LAPD patrol officers, Hank Rafferty  and his partner Charlie Reed , decide to check it out anyway. During the investagation, Someone shoots Charlie dead, before the thieves drive away, leaving Hank in a state of shock. Earl Montgomery\'s  lifelong dream is to become a police officer is thwarted when Earl is expelled from the police academy after a simulated car chase results in a massive explosion. Hank crosses paths with Earl when Hank notices Earl trying to get into his car when he finds his keys stuck inside. Hank starts to question Earl, who race-baits Hank to the point of getting himself arrested. A bumblebee comes along, to which Earl is virulently allergic. Earl panics and Hank tries to swat the bee away with his nightstick. From afar, it appears as if Hank, a white cop, is brutalizing a black suspect while at the same time a Latino man catches the incident on tape. Disgraced, Hank is dismissed from the police force and convicted of aggravated assault. He spends six months in prison. After being released from prison, Hank takes a job as a security guard and continues to investigate Charlie\'s death. Noticing an alarm being tripped at a soft drink warehouse, then disabled, Hank goes to investigate. Meanwhile, Earl, who happens to be working for the same security company, is on duty at the warehouse, but is taking time off. When Hank arrives, he interrupts a burglary, and a gunfight erupts with the thugs, during which Hank and Earl cross paths again. Though the thugs get away, Hank recognizes the tattoo of the man who shot Charlie, whose name he learns is Nash . One of the thieves dropped a cellular phone, which leads them to a semi truck rented by the killers. Inside, Hank and Earl find a van. They drive the van out of the truck but the van falls off the bridge onto a garbage barge. Inside the van are what look like ordinary beer kegs, but Hank has them examined by a friend who works at a foundry, who informs them that the kegs are actually made of an aerospace alloy which is worth millions. Hank takes the van and the kegs to the house of his ex-girlfriend, Denise . They broke up after Hank was arrested, and Hank orders Earl to tell Denise the truth about the "assault." However, when Earl sees that Denise is an attractive black woman, he forgets his promise and starts hitting on her, playing the victim again. She throws both of them out of the house, and when Hank asks for an explanation, Earl reveals that he disapproves of interracial dating. Hank is infuriated and points out that for all his talk about racism, it is actually Earl himself who is the racist. During the argument, Hank punches Earl and storms off. Earl runs back to Hank, just as they are both cornered by police, learning that they are wanted as suspects in the bridge shootout. After they manage to escape, Hank realizes that the thieves must have an inside man in the police department. Tracing the van\'s owner to an address Hank and Earl stake out the place, but Earl foolishly rushes inside on his own, where he is confronted by Nash. Hank manages to get Earl to safety, but Earl takes a bullet in the leg. Since the police are looking for them, they can\'t go to a hospital, but instead return to Denise\'s house. She reluctantly agrees to treat Earl\'s wound . Fortunately for Hank, a bee flies into the house, and Earl runs for cover, making Denise realize that Hank\'s outlandish story about the "assault" on Earl was actually true and that Earl is, in fact, the racist. She throws Earl out of the house and reconciles with Hank. Based on something overheard from Nash, they follow him to a meeting at a Yacht Club and witness him talking to McDuff, who is revealed to be the mole in the police force. Hank and Earl share everything they know with Washington , and then pretend to approach McDuff, offering to sell him back the "beer kegs" for a large sum of money. However, Nash gets wind of their plans and takes Washington hostage first. During the climactic confrontation, Earl and Hank meet with McDuff, Nash and his men near the coast, rescuing Washington and killing or apprehending most of the thugs, including McDuff. During the shootout, Hank saves Earl\'s life by warning him about a gunman taking aim at him, getting shot himself in the process. Because of this, Earl fires the rest of his clip into the gunman, killing him. Earl engages in a fist fight with Nash on an unstable slab. Though wounded, Hank takes off after Nash alone and kills him by dropping a crane load onto an unstable slab Nash is standing on, flipping him over a cliff and into the ocean. In honor of their heroic actions, Hank is reinstated in the LAPD and Earl is admitted to the force, and they are made partners a short time later. While on patrol, Hank sees a suspicious-looking man trying to break into a car, but Earl assures him that the man has just locked himself out with the keys left inside, and helps unlock the car. But as the man drives away, the car\'s real owner screams, and Earl, realizing his mistake, shoots the back tires out. He tells the owner she can "re-procure" her car, at which moment the car blows up, leaving both cops dumbfounded.'] ["Jason Starr is an international spy. While on a mission there was an altercation and Jason disappears. His boss Vaughn then goes to his twin brother Warren Starbinder, a veterinarian, and asks him to pose as Jason so to complete his mission. Warren agrees to do so but the talk will not be easy since he is not a spy. Warren also cannot tell his wife and family what he's doing which makes it hard for him to explain the peculiar ways he is now behaving."] ["Dale Denton  is a 25-year-old process server who witnesses the dangerous drug lord, Ted Jones , and a corrupt cop, Officer Carol Brazier  committing murder. Dale panics and leaves his roach at the scene containing a rare strain of marijuana called Pineapple Express. Ted subsequently identifies Dale's roach as the strain that he had sold to only one dealer. Ted sends his two henchmen, Budlofsky and Matheson (Kevin Corrigan and [[Craig Robinson  to the dealer, Red ([[Danny McBride , who discloses that he has only sold the pot to Dale's dealer, Saul Silver . Dale flees to Saul's apartment in a panic and explains what happened. After a brief conversation, Dale realizes Ted could trace the roach back to Saul. Dale and Saul flee into the nearby woods, while Ted's henchmen persuade Red to arrange a meeting between Saul and Red, but fails because Dale and Saul spend the night in the woods. Both dispose of their cell phones out of fear that they could be triangulated by Brazier. After sleeping within 18 hours, Dale and Saul arrive at Red's house and hope that talking with Red in person will help them determine whether Ted has linked them, and therefore whether he is in pursuit. Instead, Dale decides that Red will reveal their whereabouts to Ted, and Dale, Saul, and Red fight each other. Convinced that Ted's henchmen are pursuing them, Dale and Saul decide that they must leave the city. Dale visits his girlfriend, Angie  at her house to warn her and her parents , but Angie's father doesn't believe Dale. Ted's henchmen pursue Dale and Saul to Angie's house, and Angie and her parents goes into hiding. To leave town, Dale and Saul sell some of Saul's Pineapple Express to raise bus fare. However, a police officer arrests Dale for smoking a joint and arrests him for selling the weed to middle school kids. Dale convinces the arresting officer that Officer Brazier is corrupt. Saul eventually rescue Dale by hijacking the squad car, while Officer Brazier hears a police radio call of Dale's arrest. Officer Brazier pursues Dale and Saul in a high speed chase, but Dale and Saul successfully evade her. Dale and Saul argue with each other about the mess they have found themselves in, resulting in Dale telling Saul that they are not friends and never were. Dale and Saul go their separate ways, angry and upset. Saul visits his grandmother in an assisted living home and finds Ted's henchmen, who kidnap him and holds him hostage in Ted's lair. Dale enlists Red to help him to rescue Saul from Ted and Officer Brazier, but Red unexpectedly backs out at the last minute and Dale is captured. While Dale and Saul are held hostage, they reconcile with each other and make plans to escape. Meanwhile, a rival Asian drug gang attacks the barn to avenge a member's death at the hands of Ted and Officer Brazier, the same murder that Dale had witnessed. Dale and Saul finally free themselves, but are caught by Matheson. Matheson grazes Dale in the ear with a gunshot, but is disarmed and shot by Saul. Dale and Saul carry on and join the fight, but are separated after Ted intervenes Dale. Dale and Ted endure a brawl that results in Ted's death when one of the Asians  sets off a bomb that completely destroys the barn. Meanwhile, Matheson kills Budlofsky for refusing to kill Saul when he had the chance. Before Matheson can kill Saul, Red breaks through the wall with his car, running over Matheson and eventually kills him. While Saul thanks Red, Officer Brazier reaches for a gun and shoots Red, which seemingly kills him. The bomb goes off, first exploding under Red's car and it falls on top of Officer Brazier and finally kills her. Dale carries Saul out of the burning barn. Just as Saul awakens, Red crawls from the wreckage of the barn. The film ends with Dale, Saul, and Red at a diner eating breakfast and celebrating their friendship as Saul's grandmother picks them up and takes them to the hospital for treatment."] ["On December 1, 2009, a press conference was held for the film, along with Chan's announcement of a new teaser trailer posted on the film's official Sina website. Twitch also released a plot synopsis of the film:{{cquote}}"] ['Dragon  tries to send a love note to his girlfriend via a kite but the kite gets away and as he tries to get it back, he finds himself inside the headquarters of a gang of thieves who are planning to steal artifacts from China.'] ["Melvin Smiley  is a hitman leading a secret life as well as maintaining two relationships, one with the demanding and demeaning Chantel , who doesn't accept his work, and another with Pam , who knows nothing of his job. Smiley is somewhat of a pushover, trying to appease all of Chantel's demands, even her most expensive wishes, as well as rolling over whenever one of his co-workers takes credit for his achievements. Perhaps as a result of his helplessness in asserting himself, throughout the early scenes Melvin is often seen drinking Maalox to relieve an incipient ulcer. Feeling underpaid for their work for mob boss Paris , the assassin team of Smiley, Cisco , Crunch , Vince , and Gump  take an independent job, kidnapping Keiko Nishi , the teenage daughter of local electronics magnate Jiro Nishi , for a hefty ransom. Unfortunately, the team does not realize that Nishi has recently gone bankrupt over his failed foray into motion pictures &mdash; and furthermore, their boss Paris is the girl's godfather. Enlisted by the group to hold Keiko, Smiley has to hide the bound and gagged schoolgirl on his property, attempting to keep her presence hidden from Pam and her family, who are coming for dinner. Smiley feels sorry for the girl, and relieves her from her bondage. In the ensuing hours they build up a rapport preparing dinner together, an act which leads into a love scene reminiscent of the pottery scene from Ghost, but which is cut short when Keiko attempts to escape. Ordered by Paris to discover the kidnappers of his god-daughter, a panicked Cisco kills Gump, but not before coaxing him into also implicating Melvin for the kidnapping. A team of assassins crash Smiley's dinner with Pam's family, leading to a shootout during which Smiley realizes Pam was going to break up with him under pressure from her stereotypically Jewish mother . Smiley and Keiko's feelings for each other lead them to form an awkward romance, and she and Smiley attempt to escape from the fiasco, pursued by Cisco. In the chaos, Smiley also happens to run into Chantel and finally takes the opportunity to stand up to her and end their relationship. An extended fight erupts, culminating at a video store where the ever-honest Smiley stops to return an overdue tape. Smiley kills Cisco, but not before Cisco arms an explosive device. Smiley leaves the building and is confronted by Keiko, her father and Paris. He re-enters the building, which explodes. Paris and Keiko, believing Smiley to be dead, call off the manhunt. Soon Smiley is revealed to have survived, sheltered from the blast by an enormous solid gold film stand-up made for the flop that destroyed Nishi's career. In the end of the film Smiley and Keiko are reunited and ride off together. Nishi recoups his losses by making a film out of the story of his daughter's kidnapping."] ['The film centers on four aspiring filmmakers, Rome, Buzz, Max, and One-Eye, who go on a surreal rampage and make their exploits into a movie. While evading law enforcement, the filmmakers discuss their plans on how to make their movie as violent and sexy as possible so that they can sell it for a lot of money. After the group blows up a gas station, Rome flirts with an attractive woman he meets on the street, Tess, and tries to cast her. He gives her a copy of the script to audition, but after reading it, she disgustedly argues with the group about the shallow, adolescent nature of their movie. The argument is part of the script, however, and Tess passes the audition. The group orchestrates a few more scenes of violence for the movie, at times by recruiting bystanders at gunpoint to play roles, while other times creating situations simply by writing them into the script. Needing a villain for the movie, the group decides to kidnap their favorite B-movie star, Virgil Morgan, and force him to participate. They arrive at Virgil\'s Hollywood home and abduct him. After a few unsuccessful attempts to film a scene, Virgil tutors the group on basic filmmaking skills. Most of the actors that appear in the film, including those whose characters have already been killed, gather in Virgil\'s living room and perform a read-through of the script. The group orchestrates a climatic car chase and gun battle. During the chase, the group decides to name their movie "Killer Flick", with the tagline "Because we\'d kill to make a movie". At the end of the chase, Tess is shot and killed. The group tearfully buries her, consoled in the knowledge that her death was required by the traditional structures of screenwriting.'] ["The story focuses on Herbie, a Volkswagen Beetle, and Maggie Peyton , the youngest member of the Peyton racing clan. Herbie is towed to a junkyard after losing several races, and Maggie's father, Ray Peyton Sr. , takes Maggie to the junkyard to buy her a car as a college graduation present. After Maggie selects Herbie, he takes her against her will to the garage where her friend Kevin  works as a mechanic. Kevin persuades Maggie to take Herbie to a car show to buy parts for Herbie, but when they arrive, Herbie tricks Maggie into disguising herself in a racing suit and helmet and challenging NASCAR champion Trip Murphy  to an impromptu race, which Herbie wins by a hair. This delights Kevin, who tries to talk Maggie into racing again, but worries Ray Sr., who has forbidden her from racing since she was hospitalized after a street-racing accident years ago. It also infuriates Murphy, who becomes obsessed with Herbie and his mysterious driver. Murphy organizes a local street-racing competition to lure Herbie back for a rematch, which Maggie and Kevin enter. Herbie easily defeats the other cars and qualifies for the final match with Murphy, but when Murphy talks Maggie into racing for pink slips, Herbie becomes jealous over Maggie's desire to win Murphy's stock car and intentionally loses the race. Maggie is publicly embarrassed, Herbie is towed away, and Ray Sr. scolds Maggie for racing without his permission. However, encouraged by her friend Charisma, Maggie decides to race professionally. She tries to buy Herbie back from Murphy, but Murphy has entered Herbie in a demolition derby. Desperate to save Herbie from destruction, Maggie goes to the derby, runs onto the field while the derby is in progress, pleads with Herbie to help her, and wins the derby. Meanwhile, the Peyton racing team may have to forfeit an upcoming stock-car race due to financial troubles and two crashes by the team's driver, Ray Peyton Jr. . Ray Sr. refuses to let Maggie drive for the team, but Ray Jr. decides on his own that she will take his place and sends the Team Peyton crew to help her and Kevin prepare Herbie for the race. At the race track, Maggie and Herbie have a heart-to-heart conversation, and Murphy ominously warns Maggie that the race will be dangerous. Herbie starts the race slowly, but he eventually catches up and begins passing the other cars before Maggie makes her first pit stop. Meanwhile, Ray Sr., who has been watching the race at home, decides to join the crowd in person. On the track again, Herbie is soon boxed in by some other cars, but Ray Sr. arrives at the track and encourages Maggie over the team radio, and Maggie escapes the trap by driving directly over the car in front of her. This damages Herbie's oil system, so Maggie makes another pit stop and Kevin hurriedly extracts a replacement part from the yellow New Beetle, which Herbie has been eyeing amorously throughout the film, owned by Sally, one of Team Peyton's few remaining sponsors. The jury-rigged oil system is fragile, and Murphy is intent on preventing Herbie from winning. With Maggie, Herbie, and Ray Sr. now working together, Maggie and Herbie catch up to Murphy. Murphy tries to damage Herbie by pushing him into the track wall when Maggie tries to pass him, but he is caught off guard and crashes into the wall when she slams on the brakes during his next attempt. Herbie passes Murphy's car, now upside down on the track, by climbing onto the fence above the wall. After landing back on the track, Maggie and Herbie win the race. Maggie is congratulated by her father and brother, and Murphy is driven away in an ambulance, raging furiously about Herbie, as Maggie and Kevin kiss. The film ends with a photograph of Herbie's victory and a scene in which Ray Sr. warns Herbie and Sally's New Beetle not to stay out too long on their date. In the end, Maggie continues to race with Herbie in NASCAR."] ["Jang Choon-dong is a traffic officer who aspires to become a homicide detective. After being noticed by his superiors, Choon-dong is assigned to go undercover to infiltrate a gangster network headed by Yang Kwang-seob. Meanwhile, Lee Joong-dae, a member of Kwang-seob's gang, goes undercover himself by joining the police force. Joong-dae tries hard to gain favour with his squad leader and bureau director in an effort to expose Choon-dong's identity, but falls in love with a colleague, Cha Se-rin."] ['A clan of ninjas finds an abandoned treasure chest that had been washed onto shore, inside of which was a white infant boy. An ancient legend spoke of a foreigner who would come among the ninja and become a master like no other. The white orphan boy, Haru , is raised amongst the ninja, with the expectation that he may be the one of whom the legend speaks. As Haru grows into adulthood, doubts are quickly cast over him for being Japan\'s most notorious great white ninja. Although Haru does possess some ninja traits, he is clumsy and does not really fit in, and fails to graduate a ninja with the rest of his class. Left alone to protect the temple while the clan are on a mission, Haru disguises himself as a ninja when a blonde American woman who comes to the temple to seek the services of one. The woman, Sally Jones , is being suspicious of her ex-boyfriend, Martin Tanley , and sends Haru to a Tokyo harbor to investigate. Haru finds out that Tanley and his staff, Nobu  are involved in a counterfeiting business and witnesses a murder. The clan are angry and disappointed with Haru\'s actions when Tokyo police realize that Haru is responsible for the murder. However, Haru admits that Sally was in trouble, despite that her name is a pseudonym. Haru departs from Tokyo to Beverly Hills to search for Sally. Gobei , Haru\'s adoptive brother and the best ninja in his class at the beginning of the film, is sent by the clan to watch over and protect Haru. Haru has trouble adjusting to Western culture, but checks in at a Beverly Hills five-star hotel, where he befriends its employee, Joey Washington , and teaches him some ninja lessons. Haru sets out on his search for Sally, convinced that she is in trouble. Haru eventually finds Sally, but she distances herself from him. Haru tracks Tanley and Nobu to a night club in Little Tokyo, where they are trying to get back a set of counterfeiting plates from their rival gang. Unfortunately, Haru finds himself as the suspect of a second murder. Haru return to the hotel the next day and meditates to communicate with his sensei  for guidance. Haru resumes his quest to search for Sally, and finally tracks down Tanley\'s mansion. Upon entering Tanley\'s mansion, Haru speaks with Sally, whose real name is Alison Page on her license plate. He eventually begins to trust her again, and Alison tells Haru that she accused Tanley for killing her sister. That night, Haru and Alison escape a gun-fight at a Japanese restaurant, where Tanley and his henchmen sees Alison there. Haru and Alison have their retreat at the hotel for the night. The next day, Haru disguises himself as ink specialist Chet Walters  and Tanley takes him to his warehouse, where Tanley soon finds out that Haru is "the fat ninja that everyone is talking about". While Tanley is in the process of getting the other half of the plates that night, Alison rescues Haru from the back of Tanley\'s van. However, Tanley kidnaps Alison during the process, and Haru must find his way back to Tanley\'s warehouse to rescue Alison, but since he was blindfolded during his first trip, Haru must recreate his ride by memory and enlists his help of Joey and without knowing that Gobei is also hiding in the trunk. After Joey accidentally drives the convertible through a horse race and a car wash, he and Haru start over. Gobei gets out of the trunk after Haru is blindfolded, knocks Joey out, and drives the convertible to Tanley\'s warehouse. Haru uses his momentum of a large palm tree to jump into Tanley\'s warehouse, while Gobei also makes it in by using stealthier methods. Haru and Gobei fight Tanley\'s henchmen together until Haru is reminded that he should be rescuing Alison. Using a forklift, Haru smashes two holes in the wall of the room where Tanley holds Alison hostage, almost setting off the bomb. Haru attempt to defuse the bomb, but accidentally resets it for five minutes. Haru leaves Alison for four minutes to help Gobei, who is surrounded by Tanley\'s henchmen. Haru jumps off the railing and eventually lands on an axe-wielding henchman who attempt to kill Gobei and suddenly becomes an adept ninja when Gobei gets hurt by Nobu and his henchmen. Haru and Gobei defeat one henchman with their help from Joey, who also jumps into Tanley\'s warehouse and eventually lands on one of them. Haru and Gobei has two minutes to fight Tanley, who has a gun. Haru cuts the rope of a winch to aim for Tanley, but the hook accidentally knocks out Gobei instead. Blocking Tanley\'s bullets by swinging his two swords, Haru successfully incapacitates Tanley. Haru return to the upper level to rescue Alison. Using a huge harpoon gun mounted on a cart, Haru shoots a harpoon through the room and inadvertently lands in the back of a truck where Tanley attempt to escape from his warehouse. After capturing the bomb, the cart lands into Tanley\'s truck and explodes seconds later. Haru successfully rescues Alison, and Tanley and his surviving henchmen are arrested. Sometimes later, Haru talks to his sensei about returning to Beverly Hills to live with Alison and where the place do not have ninjas there. Haru and Alison later ride together on the bus, which accidentally drags a rope tied into Gobei\'s wheelchair. Haru shouts an apology to Gobei, who is thrown into the ocean at the end of the film.'] ['Hung Tai Kong aka "Rice Pot"  and Chan Yin Tung aka "Chimney"  are two brothers who work with their master Kam Ming  and his daughter Ann  as a team of pickpockets. Rice Pot, Chimney and Ann later meet Inspector Ling Ah Nam , who investigating a diamond robbery and later becomes Rice Pot\'s girlfriend. She tells Rice Pot that she has to leave for 2 to 3 months. He found out that she lied to him, and later she explains to him and reveals that she is on an undercover mission. Ling asks the three of them to help her snatch a box of diamonds from Chow Ming Shing . Later, troubled cop Ng Heung Kan  runs into Rice Pot and Chimney. Finding out that they are pickpockets, Ng becomes desperate to arrest them. After successfully getting the diamonds, Ling has them pretend to give Chow the diamonds in order to arrest Chow. However, the diamond that Ling gives them are fake and the three of them become suspicious of Ling. Later, a big fight takes place on Chow\'s ship and a final fight with Rice Pot against one of Shing\'s henchmen . Ling attempts to flee from Hong Kong with the diamonds and the three of them finds her in the airport. Rice Pot manages to snatch the diamonds from her, only to run into Ng, who was patrolling there which causes him to drop them. In the end, there was an epilogue for everyone. Rice Pot, Chimney and Ann were charged with theft and mistake of murder. They were sentenced to 7, 5 and 3 years to prison respectively. Kam was charged with theft and receiving stolen goods and sentenced to 2 years. Ling was charged with impersonating a cop and cheating, and was sentenced to 10 years. Sergeant Ng discovered an international criminal group and was promoted to police inspector.'] ['Bucum  is a maverick bounty hunter trying to acquire the funds to start a private investigation firm, and Reggie  is a two-time hustler previously apprehended by Bucum three times, who regularly skips out on bail, and he lives with Gina  his trusting live-in girlfriend. One day, Reggie buys a lottery ticket, and he wins $50 million on a lottery game, but he is thwarted when he spots diamond thieves van while running away from Bucum ,he hides in the thieves van, and he is accidentally kidnapped by the thieves. Reggie manages to escape with Bucum, but Reggie now has to search for his wallet with the lottery ticket, and Bucum wants to catch the diamond thieves, forcing the two of them to reluctantly work together.'] ['In feudal Japan 1603, a boy is being chased by four samurai on horseback. As they go into the woods, a mysterious woman emerges from the underbrush and watches closely. However, the samurai eventually capture and take the boy, revealed to be prince Kenshin, with them. In the present, April O\'Neil has been shopping at the flea market in preparation for her upcoming vacation. She brings her friends gifts to cheer them up. Michelangelo is given a lampshade, Donatello is given an old radio, Leonardo is given a book on swords and Raphael is to receive a fedora, but having stormed off earlier, he is never formally given it. For Splinter, she brings an ancient Japanese scepter. Back in the past, Kenshin is being scolded at by his father, Lord Norinaga. He leaves his father\'s presence and throws priests out of a temple. There, he finds the same scepter and reads the inscription: "Open Wide the Gates of Time". In the present, April is looking at the scepter and it begins to light up and a small bit inside begins to spin. She is then sent back in time and Kensin forward in time. Before he storms off, Walker, an English trader, is introduced. Upon arrival, April is kidnapped and put in prison. Lord Norinaga wants her to suffer. Back in the present, the turtles are freaking out of this and are dubbed "kappa", which is a water demon in Japan. They make friends with Kenshin and decide to go back in time to get April. But according to Donatello\'s calculations; they must do it within 60 hours, otherwise the scepter\'s power will disappear due to the space-time continuum being out of sync. They bring Casey back to watch over the lair, and that is well enough, as four Honor Guards are replaced by the turtles. Back in time, the turtles arrive on horses, and Michelangelo can\'t ride properly and gets kidnapped. The scepter was also taken with him. The others go to search for April. When they get to a more populated area they are quickly mistaken for Honor Guards. They find themselves in the jail after following one of Walker\'s thugs. After a sloppy rescue, involving another captured person , they are all left alone without a clue where to go. Meanwhile, in the present, Kenshin is getting impatient and Casey introduces him, and the Honor Guards, to hockey. An attack on the turtles, again mistaken for the Honor Guards, leads them to Mitsu, leader of the rebellion against Lord Norinaga. They find that Mitsu\'s village is being burned to the ground and they go to save it. Two men let Michelangelo out of his prison, thinking him an Honor Guard. He shows them his face and they run away. Michelangelo insists that he is a "beautiful princess in disguise", but he is distracted by swords. Michaelangelo saves a boy named Yoshi from a fire, then Leo helps by performing CPR. Anguished by the loss of the scepter, the turtles decide to make a new one. Walker continues bargaining with Lord Norinaga over the lord buying guns for gold or silver. Michelangelo wastes no time teaching some of the people about pizza, but when he bites down, he bites the pan and decides it is a frizbee. Raph gets in touch with his sensitive side as well, through the child Yoshi. Back in the present, the Honor Guards from the past are challenged to a hockey game by Casey. To his dismay, he finds they think hockey is beating up each other. In the past, the new scepter is completed, only to be dropped by Michelangelo and Raphael. Mitsu informs them that Lord Norinaga has guns and will attack the next day. After being nice to Yoshi, Raphael receives the original scpeter from him as a gift. They are overjoyed to see it, but angry at Mitsu because they felt she hid it to force them to fight. Mitsu is then kidnapped by the man they saved when they saved April. They go to save her, and after a while of fighting, Leonardo defeats Lord Norinaga, comedically finishing him by cutting his hair. Walker now has the scepter, and uses it to his advantage. He tries to escape by tossing it off a rooftop, only to forget his precious birds. The turtles catch the scepter, and the very man who betrayed them finished Walker by knocking him into the ocean. The turtles then debate whether to or not to go home. The scepter activates, making their decision harder. They all decide to go, but Michelangelo misses the ride home. After the other turtles return to the present, the Honor Guard who replaced Michelangelo runs off with the scepter. A flash of light occurs, and Michelangelo comes back. He is depressed, until Splinter puts the lampshade on his head as a joke. Then the turtles end it off with another dance number.'] ['In late 1969, Billy Covington  works as a helicopter traffic pilot for a Los Angeles radio station, and the FAA suspends his pilot\'s license after breaking several safety regulations on the job. His piloting skills, bravery and disregard for the law are noticed by a mysterious government agent, who tells Billy that he can get his license back if he accepts a job in Laos working for a "strictly civilian" company called Air America; the stranger insists that "there is no war in Laos, you can take that to the bank". Billy, unemployed and unable to find work, takes the job and flies to Laos. He gets introduced to the unorthodox pilots and planes of Air America, being taken under the wing of fellow Air America pilot Gene Ryack , who is an arms merchant who uses official flights to buy black-market weapons for his private cache. His dream, which he refers to as his "retirement plan", is to make a sale big enough so that he can afford to quit his job at Air America. The next day, Senator Davenport  arrives in Laos on a "fact finding mission" to determine if Washington D.C rumors are true about Air America\'s drug smuggling business. Major Lemond and Rob Diehl, CIA leaders of Air America, have a cover-up in place. Senator Davenport is shown around refugee camps, shrines and temples, and major cities in a careful deception to keep him out of the loop. At the same time, Billy and Jack Neely are shot down in their C-123 cargo plane while airdropping livestock into rural villages. Air America stages a large rescue effort, which turns out to be nothing but a cover for the transport of opium; when General Soong\'s Pilatus PC-6 plane arrives at the crash site, his soldiers load the plane with bags of opium, but leave Billy and Jack behind, stranding them in hostile territory. As Communist forces move in, Gene and another pilot arrive. Billy\'s crew evacuates in the other plane while he boards Gene\'s helicopter. In the ensuing escape, Billy and Gene\'s helicopter takes fire and crashes, stranding them in the jungles of Laos, where they are ultimately captured by a rural tribe. Gene lets his business instincts shine through when he notices that the tribe is using obsolete and unreliable guns, managing to convince the tribe to spare their lives in exchange for better weapons. Allowed to go free, Billy and Gene retreat to Gene\'s house, where Billy is surprised to discover that Gene has a wife and children. Already disillusioned with America\'s actions in Laos, Billy is convinced by Gene to quit his job with Air America — but before he leaves, Billy wants to get even with General Soong for betraying him when he crashed.  Meanwhile, Senator Davenport is becoming upset when he is not being shown the operations of Air America, and he demands to know who is smuggling heroin. Soon after returning to Air America the pilots are informed that Jack was killed during his search for Billy and Gene, and Gene is offended when he later learns that the senator has been led to believe that Jack is the culprit behind the drug trafficking. In retaliation for this misinformation, and for Soong\'s earlier betrayal, Billy purchases grenades on the black market and uses them to blow up the heroin factory. Unfortunately, the guards see him running away, and General Soong and Major Lemond use him as their fall guy. The next day, Gene finds a buyer for his arsenal, allowing him to leave gunrunning, quit Air America, and take his family out of the country. Meanwhile, Billy accepts one more flight before he actually quits; he and co-pilot Babo are assigned to transport flour to a refugee camp. When Babo and Billy are instructed to land at an airstrip for "routine inspection", Babo reveals that such a sudden inspection is actually a non-routine situation. Billy immediately suspects a set-up, and a search through their cargo reveals several kilos of heroin hidden in flour sacks. He refuses to land and tries to fly away, only to find his fuel gauge has been tampered with and he is nearly out of gas. Babo and Billy crash-land on the same airstrip where Billy crashed a few days earlier, and use the wreckage of the previous crash to hide the smaller plane. Gene, who is on his way to make his final, and largest, weapons delivery, makes a detour to rescue Babo and Billy. Despite Gene\'s desire to make his delivery so he can be free of Air America, Billy convinces him to respond to a distress call from the refugee camp, which has been caught in the crossfire between General Soong\'s men and a band of local rebels. Gene\'s plane is the closest, so they stop at the camp to pick up the USAID in charge of the camp . However, the aid refuses to leave without the refugees, and there is not enough room on the plane for both cargo and passengers. After some initial resistance, Gene reluctantly sacrifices his retirement plan by dumping his cargo to make room for the refugees, and uses the explosion of his weapons cache to cover their escape. After rescuing the refugees and taking off, Gene tells Billy that he is going to help Gene earn back the money he lost from dumping the cargo by selling the C-123 they are flying since it "officially" is not owned by anyone. Still in the air, Diehl and Lemond attempt to convince the senator that Billy\'s refusal to concede to inspection proves that he is the culprit behind the drug smuggling. The senator, however, sees through their lies and threatens to reveal their operation to Washington. Lemond argues that such an action would be political suicide on the senator\'s part because, as Lemond insists, "the President loves me". However, closing titles reveal that Diehl and Lemond were indeed exposed, and would later go on to lead checkered careers in Washington politics. This is all based on a true story.'] ['Jefferson Reed is a mild mannered school teacher in Washington D.C.. His neighborhood is terrorized by a local gang called the Golden Lords. One night, Jeff steps in to rescue a woman from the gang, only to end up running from them himself. Hiding in a garbage dumpster, he manages to escape, and as he climbs out of it, he is struck down by a glowing green meteorite which crashes down from the sky. His spine is crushed and he receives severe burns. A small fragment of the meteor was left over and was taken by a silent vagrant . Reed awakens several days later in the hospital, but when his bandages are taken off, he is miraculously healed from all his injuries. Jeff soon discovers the meteorite has left him with other abilities too, such as flight, x-ray vision, superhuman strength, invulnerability, healing powers, absorb a book\'s content by touch, freezing breath, telepathy with dogs and telekinesis. Confiding this to his parents , he is convinced by them to use his powers to try and help the community. His mother designs a costume for him, and as The Meteor Man, he takes on the Golden Lords and their leader Simon Caine . He shuts down 15 crack houses, stops 11 robberies, brings peace to the police, the Crips and Bloods  and plants a giant garden in the middle of the ghetto. The Golden Lords learn of Meteor Man\'s identity, and the ongoing loss of his powers. As the gang vs. the community rivalry gets out of hand, after yet another attack by the Golden Lords. The community members plan to make a deal with them, Jeff jumps in and teaches them about fighting for their beliefs. A powerless Jeff fights Simon and gets beaten up in the process. Simon raises his gun up towards Jeff, planning to shoot him until Jeff\'s neighbor  throws a record at him and successfully knocks the gun out of Simon\'s hand. At this point the neighborhood fights back and the same man who picked up the small meteor fragment uses it to strip the Golden Lords of their guns. The man accidentally drops the meteor on the ground with Jeff and Simon noticing this. They both get a fragment of the meteor, gaining superpowers, and engage in a brawl, with Meteor Man as the victor. Afterwards, the drug lord Mr. Byers  confronts Meteor Man, but is outnumbered by the Bloods and the Crips, who show up to protect Meteor Man. Byers is then arrested by the police after attempting to "take a vacation to the Bahamas".'] ["A young female martial-arts champion, Cheng Tai-nun  marries an elderly landowner so the old man can keep his estate from falling into the greedy and unscrupulous hands of his brother Yu Yung-Sheng . Tai-nun inherits his estate when he dies, and is soon in Canton, staying with her older nephew by marriage, Yu Cheng-chuan , and his son Yu Tao ([[Hsiao Ho . When the traditional and conservative Tai-nun, a woman from the provinces, runs into the modern and Westernized Yu Tao for the first time, the sparks fly and a clash of egos begins. Meanwhile, the evil brother steals the deed to the dead husband's estate. Tai-nun and Yu Tao go to get the deed back and are beaten and held hostage by Yung-Sheng and his experts. Its then up to Yu Cheng-chuan and his brothers to rescue them."] ['Three thrill-seeking go-go dancers—Billie , Rosie ([[Haji , and their leader, Varla —encounter a young couple in the desert while racing their sports cars. After killing the boyfriend  with her bare hands, Varla drugs, binds, gags and kidnaps his girlfriend, Linda . On a desolate highway, the four stop at a gas station, where they see a wheelchair-bound old man ([[Stuart Lancaster  and his muscular, dimwitted son, Vegetable . The gas station attendant  tells the women that the old man and his two sons live on a decrepit ranch with a hidden cache of money. Intrigued, Varla hatches a scheme to rob the lecherous old man.'] ['Turmoil grips Shanghai in the 1930s. Various gangs vie for power, the most feared of which is the Axe Gang, led by the infamous Brother Sum and aptly named after its weapon of choice. In the absence of law enforcement, people can live peacefully only in poor areas which do not appeal to gangs. An example is Pig Sty Alley, a tenement home to people of various trades, run by a lecherous landlord and his domineering wife. One day, two troublemakers, Sing and Bone, come to the alley impersonating members of the Axe Gang to gain respect. Their plan fails and Sing\'s antics attract the real gang to the scene. In the massive brawl that ensues, more than fifty gangsters are defeated by three tenants who are actually powerful martial arts masters: Coolie, Master of the Twelve Kicks; Tailor, master of the Iron Fist; and Donut, master of the Hexagon Staff. After the fight, Sing and Bone are apprehended by Brother Sum for publicly humiliating the Axe Gang. The two narrowly escape death when Sing quickly picks the locks on the chains with which they are bound and requests Sum to let him and Bone join the gang. Impressed with his skill at lock-picking, Sum tells them that if they kill just one person, he will allow them to join the gang. The next day, the duo return to Pig Sty attempting to murder the Landlady, but their efforts fail comically and they narrowly escape the furious Landlady. Sing is badly injured and hides in a traffic control pulpit, where his multiple injuries spontaneously heal. During this convalescence he unconsciously strikes the steel sides of the pulpit, leaving deep impressions of his hands. After he has fully recovered, he rejoins Bone, but is unable to explain his fast and mysterious healing. Sing and Bone lament their failure on the streets as the former describes his childhood: Sing spent his meager life savings to buy a Buddhist Palm manual from a beggar with the intention of "preserving world peace" and trained himself to be a martial artist. But when he tried to defend a mute girl from bullies trying to steal her lollipop, he was beaten up, humiliated and came to the conclusion that being a villain is better than being a hero. After telling his story, Sing then steals ice cream from a street vendor. Meanwhile, Sum hires the Harpists, a pair of skilled assassins who play a guzheng and materialize the sound waves using their Qi to create offensive and defensive objects, to assassinate the three martial artists at Pig Sty. They succeed, but are defeated by the Landlady and Landlord, who are actually powerful martial artists living in self-enforced retirement. They evacuate Pig Sty afterward and vow to deal with the Axe Gang. The following day, frustrated with lack of any progress, Sing mugs the female ice cream vendor from earlier, only to realize she is the mute girl from his childhood whom he had vainly tried to defend; she offers him the old lollipop that she tried to give him as a token of her gratitude in their childhood. Sing rebuffs her and knocks the lollipop away, shattering it against the wall and running off. After he and Bone separate, Sing is picked up by the Axe Gang. Sum orders him to break into a mental asylum to free the Beast, widely rumored to be the world\'s top killer. Sing frees the Beast and brings him to Sum\'s office. The "world\'s top killer" puzzles everyone there with his flippant attitude and sloppy appearance - but after stopping a bullet that he deliberately fired at himself in order to prove his skill, the gangsters bow in respect. The Beast leaves and confronts the Landlady and Landlord at the casino, who are waiting to kill Sum and his men. The two battle the Beast, destroying the casino in the process, until all three are stuck in a joint-lock. A reformed Sing rushes in and, ignoring Sum\'s orders to kill the Landlady and Landlord, hits the Beast\'s head with a table leg. Enraged, the Beast frees himself from the lock and pummels Sing. Before he can deliver a fatal blow, the Landlady and Landlord snatch the unconscious Sing and run off. Sum angrily blames The Beast for letting them escape and The Beast casually kills Sum in response. At Pig Sty Alley, Sing, while wrapped head-to-toe in bandages and treated with Chinese medicine, undergoes a metamorphosis. As he is severely beaten up by the Beast, his chi-energy activates more and flow through his body. He quickly recovers from his wounds because of chi flow, and his latent potential as a "natural-born martial arts genius" is realized due to the beating the Beast gave him. He easily defeats the Axe Gang before battling the Beast. The Beast uses his Toad Technique to send Sing rocketing into the sky. Again due to a heavy smash from the Beast, Sing\'s chi energy increases on sky and becomes incredibly powerful. As he falls back to earth, Sing recalls the Buddhist Palm, and delivers a blow that knocks the Beast flat and leaves a huge, hand-shaped crater in the ground. After another futile attempt to defeat Sing, the Beast bows, acknowledging Sing as the better fighter. Some time later, Sing and Bone open a candy store. When the mute ice cream vendor walks by, Sing goes out to meet her. A young boy walking outside after buying candy bumps into the beggar who gave Sing the Buddhist Palm book and tries to sell him one. The boy at first starts to walk away, but the beggar offers him something else, showing him several different pamphlets for martial arts. The child stares, intrigued.'] ['Three millionaire best friends, Kitty, Estelle and Nicolette, spend their days having botox injections, liposuction and other plastic surgery – all to keep up their looks for their husbands. After witnessing the murder of their favorite plastic surgeon by his wife, the three ponder the idea of similarly killing their husbands should they sleep with someone else. Of the three, Kitty is virtually certain that her husband is cheating on her, having seen him call \'Pamela\' from his cell phone. To \'prove\' her suspicions, her friend Estelle hands her a booklet, a "Top 50" checklist of strange behavior to see if he\'s indeed cheating on her. After filling up nearly the whole list with suspicious behavior, the three drive to Amsterdam\'s Red Light District to find a serial killer to do the job. After a misunderstanding with a different man, Kitty comes into contact with a deformed man who isn\'t afraid to use a gun. Kitty asks that the murderer makes sure her husband\'s death looks like an accident. The man demands not only €10,000, but also a first edition press of the Cliff Richard song Summer Holiday – something Kitty\'s husband has in his possession. When Kitty goes to find the record, though, she finds out it\'s been given as a gift to a friend who is blind and in a wheelchair. Kitty sneaks in after a party thrown for guests and manages to get the record – though not before the blind man attempts to stab the \'intruder\' with a sword, and accidentally electrocute himself on his jukebox. With the record now given to the killer, Kitty goes back to have her eyelids done and advises her friends to have alibis in case of police questioning. Kitty, needing someone to pick her up, calls Nicolette\'s husband. However, he picks her up in Kitty\'s husband\'s Maybach – exactly the car the killer was going to run off the road to make an \'accident\'. During a chase through the woods, Nicolette\'s husband admits to having an affair. The car is run off the road, and while Kitty survives, Nicolette\'s husband is critically injured. After a visit to the hospital, the affair is proven when the mistress shows up at his bedside. Nicolette and the mistress fight, which indirectly causes Nicolette\'s husband to die from his injuries. After the funeral, Kitty\'s husband decides to use a plane to sprinkle the dead man\'s ashes over the 18th hole of their golf course. The killer, posing as a mechanic, rigs the plane to leak hydraulic oil during the flight. Estelle\'s husband, having met the mistress at the bedside of Nicolette\'s husband, is seen in his office with the mistress. The two, completely naked, wave at Kitty\'s husband as he flies by – but the plane actually slams into the building, killing them. Kitty\'s husband, meanwhile, managed to jump out of the plane at the last second, sustaining only a broken arm. Now depressed at not having been able to perform a \'simple\' killing, the killer is ready to quit, but Kitty meets him and encourages him to continue. A few days later, Kitty\'s husband is set to present an award at a Dutch Music awards show. Before the awards show, Kitty is introduced to \'Pamela\' – the woman she suspected was sleeping with her husband, but who is actually a Belgian businesswoman he was doing business with. Kitty frantically tries to call off the planned killing – which will happen with a bomb planted in the appropriate awards envelope – not knowing that there actually IS a Pamela her husband has been sleeping with. The murderer, chased by security guards around the parking lot, steals a truck and tries to make his escape. Kitty runs on stage and throws the bomb away just in time. However, the killer winds up driving the truck through a back wall, running over not only Kitty\'s husband, but Pamela as well, who had run up to him just before. Now happy that her husband was killed for an actual adultery, she kisses the killer. A few seconds later, he vanishes before the police can apprehend him. One year later, the three widows are seen enjoying life on the boat of their late husbands – along with the killer, who has had plastic surgery done to make him look more handsome.'] ["The Junkman is set in a high-stakes world of wealth, glamor, and power. Harlan B. Hollis  struggles to stay alive when a jealous public relations manager ([[Christopher Stone  hires a team of assassins  to kill him. The manager, also Hollis' brother-in-law, resents Hollis for making the movie Gone in 60 Seconds, which is premiering at the Cinerama Dome. The film starts with the head hitman Frank Spyros  answering a pay phone and getting instructions from a then unknown person to go ahead with a hit on Hollis as he drives to the James Dean Festival in Cholame, California. The same unknown person inserts a video tape into a VCR, a highlight video of Hollis's life. The person ejects the video and crumples up a publicity shot of Hollis. Hollis is then seen cutting a rear differential out of a car in a junkyard, while his business manager Richard Hill  quietly looks on. Hollis requests a helicopter and instructs that he doesn't care how much an upcoming junkyard party cost, as long as everybody had a good time. Hollis proceeds to filming a new car chase scene for his movie Gone in 60 Seconds, ending with a car plunging into a deep puddle. The film crew is then seen, along with Hollis' daughter Kelly . Reporter Susan Clark  arrives with a camera crew to interview Hollis for a story, interviewing his PR Manager and brother-in-law Michael Fox  first, then actor in Hollis' movie Hoyt Axton, and finally catching up to Hollis, as he gives Kelly an early birthday present, a horse. Hollis meets up with Arthur Wheeler  at his office to detail the itinerary for the next two days. Hollis then goes with Kelly to his ranch in Paso Robles for the weekend. Spyros meets with the rest of his team of assassins at the airport to detail the plan to kill Hollis, which would include the mystery man behind the hit flying one of the air covers. The next day, Hollis meets up with Warner E. Leighton to discuss the editing changes to the movie. As Hollis drives to the James Dean festival, he's unaware that killers are tracking his every move. Hollis is ambushed in his car by a trio of assassins. The entire first hour of the film is dominated by the ensuing chase, and the wreckage that follows. After eliminating most of the assassins, only the air cover flown by the mystery man is left. After Hollis crashes into the side of a house, the air cover drops a grenade into the house, with it exploding seconds after. Left for dead, Hollis manages to escape a fiery death and is meet by Clark and her camera crew. They all head back to Los Angeles to figure out who's trying to kill him. Later, Clark shows Hollis a picture found in the burned wreckage of one of the air covers' planes. Hollis identifies it as an unreleased publicity shot, indicating someone from inside of his own company is trying to kill him. Hollis manages to get back to his house to get his daughter Kelly's piggy bank and then takes a cab to see Hoyt to ask him to loan him some money, a gun and a car. He offers his wife's brand new 1981 Chevrolet Corvette. Back at Hollis' office Fox and Wheeler argue over letting Clark in with her crew to finish the story she was doing. Fox sighting Hill now owning the company gives him the decision of whether to grant Clark access. He does, and they proceed to finish the story. Later, Hollis sneaks into the office, but is meet by his security guard Dennis , who thinks he is an intruder and attempts to shoot him several times. Hollis escapes in his stunt car Eleanor, meets Clark's film crew and they all escape as the police arrive. The next day, Black Bird, who survived a car crash in Paso Robles, sets off a car bomb in Fox's car, which was thought to be occupied by Hill. Fox is relieved to find Hill was not in the car. As Clark is about to go on the air with a news cast, her boss Larry Bergleman  demands to know her source of info of the apparent death of Hollis. He gives her information about recreational planes that were used in the hit. With that information, Clark and the crew go to the airport to interview a pilot, who happens to be Frank Spyros, the head assassin. When she mentions the particular biplane he was explaining was involved in the Hollis murder, he becomes exasperated and refuses to continue the interview until a later date. Afterwards, Black Bird Shoots Spyros and takes a bomb he assembled. Hollis, on a tip from Clark arrives to confront Spyros, who he finds dead, with a plan on his desk to where the bomb will be planted, in a limousine at the movie premier. An assistant discovers Hollis with a gun, standing over a dead Spyros. Hollis threatens the assistant with the gun and escapes. The assistant calls the police. As Hollis races to the premier, a police chase ensues, thinking Hollis was a murderer. The chase ends with Hollis crashing the Corvette into an old woman's Chevrolet Citation, which she just purchased, splitting it in two. After Hollis escapes from the wrecked Corvette, the old woman attempts to give chase in the remaining front half of her car. With the aid of Goodyear Blimp, he travels to the Cinerama Dome, where the premier is held. He discovers the mystery man to be Fox, who subsequently slips off the edge of the theater roof. Clark's crew find the bomb in the limo, throw it into a parking lot, and it explodes, blowing up several cars in the process. At the end of the film, Hollis embraces Kelly, and he begins her surprise birthday party, where he gives her a new 1982 Pontiac Trans Am for a birthday present."] ['Cousins Bo , Luke , and Daisy Duke  run a moonshine business for their Uncle Jesse  in the fictional Hazzard County, Georgia in modern day. The cousins\' primary mode of transportation is an orange 1969 Dodge Charger that the boys affectionately refer to as \'The General Lee\'. Along the way, the family is tormented by corrupt Hazzard County Commissioner Jefferson Davis Hogg, widely known as "Boss Hogg" , and his willing but dimwitted henchman, Sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane . After Rosco has the General Lee wrecked during Bo\'s attempt at winning his fifth consecutive local road rally, Billy Prickett , a famous stock-car driver, enters Hazzard to participate in the rally. Meanwhile, Rosco plants a fake moonshine still  in Uncle Jesse\'s barn and seizes the Duke property in the interest of eminent domain for Boss Hogg, forcing the family to temporarily reside with neighbor and Uncle Jesse\'s love-interest, Pauline . Pauline informs the Dukes that Rosco seized another farm on charges so Bo and Luke investigate a local construction site and find geologic core samples with the help of bait-shop owner Sheev ([[Kevin Heffernan . Meanwhile, Coltrane makes arrangements to seize the General Lee as "evidence" from the local auto body shop run by the Dukes\' friend Cooter , who instead turns the car into a hot-rod and applies a new paint job and horn, in return for finally getting payment for all the work he has done  for the boys in the past.  After retrieving the General Lee before Rosco can, the Dukes go to Atlanta to visit a local university geology lab, meeting up with Katie-Lynn Johnson , a Hazzard county girl and the Dukes\' love interest, and her Australian roommate Annette . At the lab, they discover Boss Hogg\'s intentions of turning the county into a strip coalmine. They are later arrested after running from campus police. Back in Hazzard, Daisy learns, with the help of Sheriff Deputy Enos Strate , that Billy Prickett has been hired by Boss Hogg to participate in the Rally as a ringer. Boss Hogg then heads to Atlanta where he informs the Duke boys, in lock-up, that they are too late to stop him and reveals that the vote on Hogg\'s proposition is at the same time as the rally, explaining Billy Prickett\'s involvement. During a transfer from detainment, Daisy helps the boys escape and they speed home to try to inform the townsfolk. Upon returning home, the Dukes discover that Rosco has taken Uncle Jesse and Pauline hostage, an obvious trap for the boys, and that Billy is in on the scheme because he\'s ashamed of the town\'s low status. The two race to the farmhouse to cause a distraction while Daisy and Cooter rescue Jesse and Pauline. Meanwhile, the college girls head to the rally with Sheev to inform the townsfolk about the vote on the strip-mining ordinance. Because of Sheev\'s armadillo hat and lack of pants, no one listens, so Bo leaves for the rally while Luke and Jesse team up to foil the police who are chasing Bo, interfering with the race. Upon crossing the finish line first, before Billy, the two continue racing back and forth all the way into town, leading the townsfolk to the courthouse just in time to vote against Boss Hogg\'s proposed ordinance. At the courthouse, Daisy takes advantage of the governor of Georgia\'s presence and TV cameras to convince him into pardoning the boys, so Uncle Jesse takes the opportunity to knock out Boss Hogg and gets a pardon for assaulting a county commissioner at the same time. The film ends with a cook-out at the Dukes\' house where Pauline convinces Uncle Jesse, who could not be found because he was "using the meat smoker," to get up and play the television series\' main theme. Bo and Luke are romantically involved with the girls in the General Lee when they are caught by Luke\'s other love-interest Laurie Pullman  from the intro of the film, who proceeds to chase them with a shotgun as they drive away.'] ["Bob Ho is a Chinese agent who decides to retire after moving next to the beautiful Gillian  who has three children from previous relationships. Bob and Gillian then start dating but Bob feels he should tell Gillian about his Job. Gillian then goes to visit her father in hospital and leaves Bob to take care of her kids . The problems start when one of the youngsters accidentally downloads a file from a top-secret formula on your computer. Then all will be threatened by a Russian terrorist funny, Bob's archenemy, forcing him to combine the roles of spy and prospective stepfather in the biggest challenge has been forced to face in his career. Bob asks Colton James , his spy partner, to help him, but he's not sure he can trust Colton. The situation is further complicated when a Russian spy, Larry  attacks Bob, forcing him to tell the children that he is a spy. In addition, Bob learns that his boss, Glaze , is actually working for Poldark and the Russians. And worse, the situation is further complicated when Gillian learns the truth about Bob. Bob then leaves town but Will and Farren join him and they go to Gillian's house where the terrorists begin attacking Bob. However they are later defeated and Bob and Gillian get back together. Sometime later Bob proposes to Gillian and she accepts. On their wedding day Bob and Gillian are reciting their vows when Bob then tells Gillian his named isn't Bob. She laughs and says it’s okay. Gillian accepts Bob and they kiss passionately as the film ends."] ['The story begins in presumably early 20th century China at a crowded train station, with Wong Fei Hung , his father Dr. Wong Kei Ying , and the family servant Tso , waiting in line. Wong Fei Hung is angry about having to pay a duty on the ginseng that Kei Ying is bringing back for a client. Disobeying his father, Fei Hung hides the ginseng in the suitcase of an employee of the British consul to avoid the tax When the train makes a stop, Fei Hung and Tso create a diversion to sneak into the first class section  to retrieve the ginseng. However, when Fei Hung gets to the luggage section of the first class, he spots a Manchurian officer  stealing an unknown item that is in a similar package as the ginseng. Fei Hung confronts him but the officer hits Fei Hung. However, Fei Hung retrieves the ginseng, and pursues the officer in revenge for hitting him. A long fight between them ensues under the train, with the officer gaining the upper hand. He warns Fei Hung that he will kill him and calls him a "henchman." Puzzled, Wong Fei Hung tells the officer that he is not a "henchman," and challenges him to a friendly hand-to-hand Kung Fu fight. Fei Hung uses his Zui Quan  style of martial arts on him, but it proves to be ineffective. The officer tells Fei-Hung that while his Kung-Fu is great, his drunken boxing has no power and can\'t kill. Fei Hung rushes back to the train, and the Manchurian officer opens the box he stole from the train, only to realize that it is actually Wong Kei Ying\'s ginseng. Meanwhile, on the train, guards of the British Consulate search for a stolen item and they ask the Wongs to show them their items. Fei Hung discovers that what was supposed to be his father\'s ginseng is actually some sort of valuable Chinese antique. However, before they discover what is actually in that box, a sympathetic son of a Northeast Chinese general  uses his influence to intervene . In a later scene, the British ambassador  is at his consulate, lecturing his henchman about their failure to bring back the Emperor\'s Jade Seal, the artifact now accidentally in Fei Hung\'s possession. He wishes to smuggle ancient Chinese artifacts and sell them to the London Museum of Arts. Then he sends his henchman, John and Henry , two western-dressed Asian martial artists who work for him, to make the workers at a local steel factory work overtime. When the workers refuse, Henry viciously beats them with his martial arts skills, and forces them to get back to work. When the Wongs return home from their train ride, Fei Hung realizes that he must replace his father\'s ginseng when his father\'s client, Mr. Chan, comes to retrieve it. Fei Hung takes the root of his father\'s prized ancient bonsai tree, discreetly gives it to Mr. Chan and tells him that it is the ginseng. The next day, Fei Hung goes to the market to buy some fish from Fishmonger Tsang  and snakes from Fun . Fun asks Fei-Hung to teach her drunken boxing. Tsang is jealous because he\'s interested in Fun and wanted to teach her his style of kung fu, Tsai Li Fu. He challenges Fei-Hung to a fight, with Fei-Hung using drunken boxing and Tang using his Tsai Li Fu. Fei Hung clearly wins, and Tsang respects him. Knowing that the bonzai tree root could be deadly for Mr. Chan if he decides to brew it, Fei-Hung\'s step-mom, Ling  decides to temporarily loan her necklace to one of her friends in exchange for some money to buy ginseng. This leads some of Master Wong\'s friends to believe that he needs money, and they offer him a collection, which a confused Master Wong declines. Meanwhile, Fei Hung and Ling do not realize that Henry and his men are following them. Assuming that what Ling and Fei Hung are carrying is the stolen artifact , they attempt to steal the bag, but Fei Hung retrieves it. Henry and his henchmen start a fight with Fei Hung and Ling. During the fight, Ling encourages Fei Hung to use drunken boxing against them to impress the crowd but and gain publicity for the Wongs\' school, Po Chi Lam. She and her friends take a bunch of alcohol from a country club and give it to Fei Hung, therefore giving him the speed and power he needs to do drunken boxing properly, and then he impressively defeats Henry and his henchmen. However, Master Wong Kei Ying arrives at the scene just as Fei-Hung finishes off the last gangster. At that moment, the alcohol eventually takes over Fei Hung and he is clearly drunk and barely able to stand, and he embarrasses his father. Master Wong takes his son and wife home and lectures them, saying they are destroying his reputation by fighting and drinking in public, and for making others believe that they are broke. He beats Fei Hung for fighting and using drunken boxing . To make matters worse, Mr. Chan\'s wife comes by to tell Wong Kei Ying that her husband is very sick from the bonzai tree root, which is poisonous if consumed. Then, an infuriated Master Wong beats Fei Hung even more and disowns him, kicking him out of the house. Fei Hung goes to a restaurant and drinks heavily in sorrow. John arrives with a beaten Henry and the rest of the henchman from earlier to confront him. Fei Hung is now clearly too drunk to fight, and John beats him. Fishmonger Tsang arrives and tries to intervene, but is unable to when the vat of hot liquid he was carrying spills on him. The next morning, Fei Hung and Tsang are found knocked out beaten, with Fei Hung stripped with a banner hanging from him that says "King of Drunken Boxing." Master Wong brings Fei Hung back into the home, and explains that the reason why he forbids drunken boxing is because it is difficult for drunken boxers to find the right balance of alcohol consumption. The following night, the Manchurian officer from the train arrives at the Wong\'s residence to speak to Fei Hung. Master Wong recognizes him as Master Fu Wen-Chi, the "last decorated Manchu officer." The next day at a restaurant, Master Fu explains to Fei Hung that the artifact that ended up in his possession  was the Emperor\'s Jade seal. He tells him about the theft of precious ancient Chinese artifacts by foreigners  and asks him to join him in stopping it. Moments later, an enormous gang of Axe-wielding thugs , apparently paid for by the British Consulate, try to kill them. After a long fight, Fei Hung and Master Fu make an escape, and Fishmonger Tsang, Fun, and Marlon , Tang\'s student, join the fight. But a British consulate guard fatally shoots Master Fu when he runs down an alley, and they take back the Jade seal. Fu Wen Chi pleads with them to get it back, and later claims that they can\'t beat them. The following night, both Tsang and Fei Hung break into the consulate disguised as consulate guards to retrieve the Jade seal. However they are both caught, jailed, beaten, and held for ransom by the British Ambassador, who demands that Wong Kei Ying sells the land where Po Chi Lam and Fishmonger Tsang\'s schools are. Master Wong reluctantly agrees to do so and the Consulate releases Fei Hung and Tsang. Then the ambassador orders the steel mill to be closed down and for all of the steel shipments to be sent to Hong Kong. Angry, steelworkers Fo Sang  and a man named Uncle Hing  break into the steel mill later that night to find out what the British Consul is up to, and they discover that the British consulate is using the steel shipment boxes to smuggle the ancient Chinese artifacts. However, they are caught and they fight the consulate\'s henchman. Fo Sang escapes and informs Fei-Hung and Ling about what is happening. Later, Fei Hung, Tsang, Fun, and Marlon arrive at the factory where the workers are staging a protest that becomes violent against the Consulate\'s abuses. Fei Hung takes on all of the henchmen until only Henry and John are left. Fei Hung easily fights off Henry but John proves to be a tough opponent due to his strong, fast, and flexible kicks. When John and Henry gain the upper hand and are about to finish him off, Fei Hung uses the industrial alcohol in the steel mill to light Henry on fire, and then drinks it. Disposing of Henry, Fei Hung then drinks enough industrial alcohol and beats John in a wild fight scene with his drunken boxing. Later, the Wongs are rewarded by a Chinese general for their help in stopping the British Consulate\'s crimes. When they check on Fei-Hung, they discover that the industrial alcohol has made him blind, deaf, and mentally crippled.'] [' In Toronto, Scott Pilgrim, the bass guitarist for the band "Sex Bob-omb", begins dating high schooler Knives Chau, much to the disapproval of his friends. Scott meets an American girl, Ramona Flowers, who has been appearing in his dreams, and becomes obsessed with her, losing interest in Knives. While playing in a battle of the bands sponsored by one "G-Man Graves" for a record deal, Scott is attacked by Matthew Patel, who introduces himself as the first of Ramona\'s "evil exes". Scott defeats Patel and learns from Ramona that, in order for them to date, he must defeat all seven of her evil exes. Scott breaks up with Knives, who blames Ramona for taking Scott from her and begins trying to win him back. Scott battles Ramona\'s second evil ex, popular actor and skateboarder Lucas Lee, who he defeats by tricking him into performing a dangerous skateboard grind that causes him to combust. Scott later encounters the third evil ex, Todd Ingram, who is dating Scott\'s ex-girlfriend, Natalie "Envy" Adams. Todd initially overpowers Scott using his psychic vegan abilities, but is stripped of his powers by the Vegan Police after Scott tricks him into drinking coffee with half and half cream, allowing Scott to defeat him. Scott begins to grow upset with Ramona over her dating history by the defeat of the fourth ex, Roxy Richter. During the second round of the battle of the bands, Sex Bob-omb faces off against the fifth and sixth evil exes, twin Katayanagi brothers Kyle and Ken, earning Scott an extra life upon their defeat. During the battle, Scott sees Ramona together with her seventh evil ex, Gideon Graves, who turns out to be Sex Bob-omb\'s sponsor, G-Man. The members of Sex Bob-omb accept Gideon\'s record deal, except for Scott, who leaves the band. Shortly after, Ramona breaks up with Scott. Upon returning home, Scott receives a phone call invitation from Gideon to his newly opened Chaos Theater where Sex Bob-omb is playing, claiming there to be "no hard feelings". Scott arrives and challenges Gideon to a fight, professing his love for Ramona and gaining a sword called the "Power of Love", which Gideon easily destroys. Knives then crashes the scene to fight Ramona over Scott. Scott goes to break up the girls\' fight, only to accidentally reveal that he cheated on them with each other before he is killed by Gideon. Ramona visits Scott in Limbo and apologizes for getting him involved in her affairs, revealing that Gideon had planted a mind control device in the back of her head. Scott realizes he still has an extra life and uses it to return to life at the moment in time when Gideon first called him. Scott reenters the Chaos Theater where he makes peace with his friends and challenges Gideon again, stating he is fighting for himself and gaining the much stronger "Power of Self-Respect" sword with which he strikes down Gideon. He then apologizes to Ramona and Knives for cheating on them, but Gideon interferes and knocks down Ramona, leading Scott and Knives to team up and defeat him. Free from Gideon\'s control, Ramona prepares to leave, but Knives accepts that her relationship with Scott is over and encourages him to follow Ramona. He does, and the two start their relationship anew.'] ['The film begins with Thomas and Wayne playing a game of pool against two English men. They almost win but Wayne loses the game on the last shot due to overconfidence. Their friend Jack then arrives. His pool playing skills come to the attention of Holden , who remarks to the bartender Dave  that the three friends might be good enough to play in "Daddy\'s game". "Daddy\'s game" turns out to be an underground pool tournament run by local Greek crime lord Daddy. Each team pays $500 to enter and the winner takes away $20,000 tax free. The three of them agree to enter under the name "Stickmen". The boys leave the bar and go to a cafe, where they meet Sara , a waitress who takes a liking to Thomas. The next morning the three meet up for breakfast where Jack tells them that their first match in the pool tournament will be against two men called Jimmy and Eric, at the Princess Bar. Jack then leaves for work, where he ends up having sex with Karen  in his office. Thomas attends a course on "Coping with Redundancy" but is asked to leave. He runs into Sara, who is doing a management course. The two go for a cup of coffee, which Thomas reluctantly accepts because he has a girlfriend. Later that evening, Thomas accompanies Wayne to a job interview, which turns out to be an escort driver. He will be responsible for driving prostitutes Tess  and Lulu  to their jobs. The madam, Janelle, reveals that Daddy owns the brothel. Wayne gets the job. Meanwhile, Dave is having trouble coming up with the rent for his bar, which he rents from Daddy. Holden turns up and after some friendly chitchat, tells Dave that the cheque bounced. He breaks Dave\'s thumb and promises him that if he doesn\'t get the money, the next one will be a beating. The Stickmen turn up to their match at the Princess Bar, which appears to be a gay bar. They easily win the match and go back to celebrate at Dave\'s bar. Sara turns up and she and Thomas hit it off. Karen arrives and chats with Jack. Thomas and Sara, drunk, leave the bar. Holden tells Jack and Wayne that Daddy wants to meet them, and they agree to meet the next morning. The next morning, Jack and Wayne turn up to Daddy\'s barber shop, which is in a small alley. Thomas doesn\'t show and it is revealed that he slept with Sara. Holden arrives and tells Jack and Wayne that their next match will be against the Men in Black, who are rumoured to be very good. They go inside and meet Daddy, who has two metal hooks instead of hands. He has a number of Greek thugs as bodyguards. He tells them that life is nothing without passion, and his passion is getting players together in his pool tournament. Thomas returns home and finds his girlfriend Marie has packed up his stuff and wants him to leave, having suspected his infidelity. He arrives at the bar and is congratulated by Jack and Wayne for sleeping with Sara. Meanwhile, it is revealed that Sara and Karen know each other and are planning something. The Men in Black, the Stickmen\'s next opponents, turn out to be two priests. They are humorous and good-natured even when the Stickmen beat them. Thomas goes to visit Sara and the two of them bond. Holden tells Jack that Daddy wants another meeting. Jack accompanies Holden and sees Daddy intimidating Dave while shaving him. Dave, who had previously been beaten up by Daddy\'s thugs, is given two days to get Daddy\'s money. Daddy then gives Jack a haircut while offering him a bet of $15,000 on the tournament. Jack protests that they don\'t have that kind of money but Daddy says that they can work out a payment plan. Feeling intimidated, Jack agrees to the bet. The next morning at breakfast Jack breaks the news to the other two that their next match will be against "Caller" , and he remarks that the only way they have a hope is if they win the toss. Sara tells Karen that she\'s not sure if she can go through with their plan. Karen\'s ex-boyfriend Hugh and his friend turn up and Sara leaves. She meets Thomas at the Bucket Fountain on Cuba Street, where they agree to take their relationship to the next level . The next evening, Wayne rescues Lulu from a fat, drunken customer, who has passed out on top of her. He invites her to come and watch him play pool to cheer her up, and takes her home to get his cue. However, he finds that Tess, who had been living with him temporarily, has stolen most of his stuff. He explodes in a fit of anger, starts drinking and tells Lulu that Caller is too good and they can\'t beat him. After some encouragement from Lulu, he agrees to play. Caller, it turns out, is a pierced, bare-chested pool player with dreadlocks who gets his nickname from calling his shots. Wayne turns up drunk and announces to Thomas and Jack that he will play Caller. Jack objects, knowing that he is the only one who has a chance at winning, but Holden states that since Wayne has stepped up, he has to play. In a "drunken master" style, Wayne runs the table and beats Caller, who never gets a single shot. As Holden mentioned earlier in the film, New Zealand pub rules require a player who loses a game without sinking any of his balls to drop his trousers. Caller appears to comply with the rule, but then punches Wayne in the face. In the resulting fight, Jack\'s hand is cut. Holden, backed up by two of Daddy\'s thugs wielding machetes, forces Caller to drop his trousers. Due to Jack\'s injury, he is barely able to play pool, meaning that Thomas and Wayne will have to play in the semi-finals. Knowing that they have lost their star player, they decide to quit. Dave convinces them to keep playing by telling them that he gets to keep the bar if they win. He buys them matching jackets to wear to the finals. At the semi-finals, Holden announces that their opponent is "Bastinados", who turn out to be Sara and Karen. The other match is the "Farmers" versus the "Bankers" . Karen and Sara are exceptionally good, but Sara throws the game by sinking the cue ball on the same shot as the 8-ball. In the break between the game, Sara and Thomas go to the roof to talk, where she tells him that she threw the game and really cares about him. Jack takes Wayne and gets him drunk in the hopes that he will repeat his performance against Caller. Daddy, not wanting the Stickmen to win, locks Thomas and Sara on the roof. Wayne steps up to the break of the final match against the Bankers but passes out on the table. Jack has to play, being the only one left. However, Holden rescues Thomas and Sara, and Thomas proceeds to win the game for the Stickmen. Hugh snaps his cue over his knee in anger and storms out. Daddy tells them to stop by his barber shop next week to collect the money. A few weeks later, we see that Dave has done up his bar, which is now a successful establishment, and the film ends with the Stickmen playing a friendly game of pool in the bar.'] ['"Joliet" Jake Blues  is released from prison after serving three years for armed robbery. Jake is irritated at being picked up by his brother Elwood  in the Bluesmobile, a battered former Mount Prospect police car, instead of the Cadillac the brothers used to own. The brothers visit their childhood home, a Roman Catholic orphanage, and learn that it is facing imminent closure unless $5,000 in property taxes is collected. The brothers visit an evangelical church service where Jake has an epiphany: they can legitimately raise the funds by re-forming their rhythm and blues band. Elwood runs a red light, and is pulled over by two Illinois State Police troopers who learn of his suspended license. When they attempt to arrest him, he speeds off, escaping through the Dixie Square Mall. As the brothers arrive at the flophouse where Elwood lives, a mystery woman  launches a bazooka attack that leaves them unharmed. The next morning, she detonates a bomb that demolishes the building, which fails to injure the brothers, but saves them from being arrested. Jake and Elwood begin tracking down members of the band. Trombonist Tom "Bones" Malone and the rhythm section, ([[Willie Hall , are playing in a nearly empty Holiday Inn lounge, and are easily persuaded to rejoin. Trumpeter "Mr. Fabulous", now Maître d’ at the fancy Chez Paul restaurant, is harder to sway, but Jake and Elwood convince him by engaging in rude behavior and promising to continue until he agrees. En route to meet saxophonist "Blue Lou" Marini and guitarist Matt "Guitar" Murphy, the brothers drive through a rally of "Illinois Nazis", adding another enemy to the brothers\' growing list. Marini and Murphy are at the soul food restaurant on Maxwell Street which Murphy owns with his wife . Against her advice, the two musicians leave and rejoin the band. The reunited group get instruments and equipment from Ray\'s Music Exchange . Jake is unable to book a gig in advance, but the band stumbles into a gig at Bob\'s Country Bunker, a country bar. After a rocky start, the band wins over the bottle-tossing crowd. At the end of the evening, however, not only is their bar tab greater than the pay for the gig, but the brothers infuriate the band that was actually meant to play, the Good Ol\' Boys. The Blues Brothers blackmail their old booking agent  into securing a gig for them&mdash;a performance at the Palace Hotel Ballroom, located 106 miles  north of Chicago. After being driven all over the area promoting the concert, the Bluesmobile runs out of gas, making Jake and Elwood late for the concert. The ballroom is packed, and the concert-goers are joined by the Good Ol\' Boys and scores of police officers. Jake and Elwood sneak into the venue and perform two songs. A record company executive offers them a cash advance on a recording contract, more than enough to pay off the orphanage\'s taxes and Ray\'s IOU, and tells the brothers how to slip out unnoticed. As the brothers escape via a service tunnel, they are confronted by the mystery woman, whereupon it is revealed she is Jake\'s ex-fiancée. She fires an M16 rifle at them, but Jake charms her, allowing the two brothers to escape to the Bluesmobile. They head back to Chicago with dozens of state/local police and the Good Ol\' Boys in pursuit. Jake and Elwood eventually elude them all, leaving piled-up police cars in their wake. After a gravity-defying escape from the Illinois Nazis, Jake and Elwood arrive at the Richard J. Daley Center, where the Bluesmobile literally falls to pieces. They rush inside the adjacent Chicago City Hall building, soon followed by hundreds of police, state troopers, SWAT teams, firefighters, Illinois National Guardsmen, and the Military Police. Finding the office of the Cook County Assessor, the brothers pay the tax bill. Just as their receipt is stamped, they are arrested by a large crowd of armed law officers. Jake, Elwood, and the rest of the band are sent to prison where they play "Jailhouse Rock" for fellow inmates.'] ['The film follows two con artist brothers, Yipao  and Taipao . One day they are cheated out of their ill-gotten gains in an encounter with Jia Wu Dao . They try to fight him, to retrieve their money, but are defeated, so they ask him to train them, hoping to become the best fighters in the city. After surpassing the fighting skills of "ordinary people", Yipao soon discovers that Jia Wu Dao is a murderer. When he realises his secret has been revealed, Jia Wu Dao attempts to kill Yipao, but Taipao blocks the fatal blow and is killed in his place. Yipao escapes and plots how he will avenge his brother\'s death. He encounters a fat beggar  and, impressed by his kung fu, he asks takes the beggar to become his new kung fu master. After extensive training, the beggar asks Yipao to go and get him some wine. As he is about to return with the wine, Yipao encounters Jia Wu Dao again, and they fight, but Yipao\'s skill is insufficient. The fat beggar and Yipao then team up, using the monkey style kung fu, against Jia Wu Dao\'s snake style. As their fight moves outside of the wine shop, the fat beggar and Yipao defeat Jia Wu Dao, killing him with spiked vines, finally avenging Taipao\'s death. The fat beggar reveals that he is an undercover detective trying to arrest criminals, particularly Jia Wu Dao.'] ["Andre Shame  is a private detective formerly of the LAPD, who left the force after failing to crack the case on drug lord Ernesto Mendoza . The investigation of Mendoza's case was a personal one for Shame, as his ex-girlfriend Angela  was caught in the middle of a love triangle with the two men. Years later, Sonny Rothmiller , Shame's ex-colleague who is now working for the DEA, tells him that the Mendoza case is being re-opened, and though he has his doubts, Shame decides the case is too intriguing to pass on, and tells Sonny to count him in. The situation gets rather complicated when Shame's old flame Angela resurfaces in his life, and he also realizes that some of his allegiances aren't what, or whom, they seem to be on the surface. Tagline: He's armed and dangerously funny."] ['The film opens in the Forbidden City in 1887, where Chon Lin  is drinking tea with her father, the Keeper of the Imperial Seal of China. She tells him her brother, Chon Wang , is doing well as a sheriff in Carson City, Nevada, United States, but her father replies that her brother is dead to him. At that moment, Lord Nelson Rathbone , leads a band of Boxers into the city, who attack the Keeper. Rathbone stabs him and leaves with the seal. As he lies dying, he gives Lin a puzzle box and a letter to Chon Wang. Back in the Wild West, Chon Wang is doing well as sheriff, having captured an impressive array of fugitives. His deputy is relaxing with a book called "Roy O\'Bannon Vs. The Mummy", a highly fictionalized account of the events of the first film that now portrays Wang\'s "Shanghai Kid" as a cowardly sidekick. Wang receives a parcel, which contains the puzzle box and Lin\'s letter, telling him their father is dead and that she has tracked the murderer to London. Chon Wang travels to New York City to find his old partner Roy O\'Bannon , needing his share of the gold left over from the first film to buy his ticket. Roy has left his brief stint in law enforcement, broken off his romance with Falling Leaves, spent most of the gold investing in the Zeppelin, and is now a hotel waiter and part-time gigolo. After they attempt prostitution to pay for a trip to England, the Mayor of New York arrives in search of his daughters, Roy\'s latest clients. Chon Wang fights off a number of New York police officers, and he and Roy ship themselves to London in a crate. On the way, Wang tells Roy about his father, and Roy swears an oath to help reclaim the seal. During a meeting with the British Parliament, Rathbone gives word of trouble going on in China and even presents a gift to the Queen from the Emperor as a Bengal Tiger. The Parliament find this action appalling and insulting. In London, Wang and O\'Bannon have their duster and watch stolen, respectively, by a number of street thugs including a young boy named Charlie . After an extensive battle to reclaim these items, they are arrested by the police. In Scotland Yard, Inspector Artie Doyle  thanks the two for defeating the Fleet Street gang and gives Roy his watch that Charlie had stolen. He tells Wang that Lin is also in Scotland Yard, having attempted to kill Lord Rathbone and been dubbed "Looney Lin". Doyle is a reader of the Roy O\'Bannon novels, and is enthralled to meet the actual Roy O\'Bannon. Roy tries to use this to get Lin released, but it does not work. Meanwhile, Rathbone finds himself not alone in his carriage as Wu Chow  sneaks his way on and the two exchange a quick conversation and Rathbone slips him the dagger that killed the Keeper of the Imperial Seal. Sometime later, Roy and Wang wander through London, seeing Buckingham Palace. They encounter Charlie, who lets them into the empty house of a nobleman. Charlie brings it to their attention that the nobleman has an invitation to a gala at the castle. Roy and Wang don disguises: Roy masquerades as Major General "Sherlock Holmes" , and Wang is the "Maharaja of Nevada". After turning down the offer to try some spotted dick, Wang and Roy follow Lord Rathbone to a private library. Once they enter, they cannot find him; he has slipped through a secret passage, which Wang discovers in a fireplace. As Roy occupies himself with a copy of the Kama Sutra, Wang enters the secret room, which contains treasures from throughout the British Empire. Rathbone\'s guards attack Roy, but he is rescued by Lin, who has escaped from Scotland Yard. The three see Rathbone hand the Imperial Seal to Wu Chow, the illegitimate brother of the Emperor of China. Rathbone sees them and sets fire to the building, but young Charlie shows up and makes off with the Seal, Lin escapes through the roof, and Wang and Roy commandeer Rathbone\'s primitive automobile  for a wild ride, culminating in them crashing into Stonehenge. While unconscious after the car crash, Roy has a sexual fantasy involving Lin and the Kama Sutra, and he decides to start pursuing her, much to Wang\'s dismay. Lin finds them and gives them a ride to Whitechapel, where they stay in a rundown inn. Wang tells Lin about Roy\'s vices and problems, which Roy overhears. Lin does not flinch, but Roy is devastated at the betrayal. Wang however quickly makes it up to him by convincing several female prostitutes to have a sexy pillow fight with Roy. Lin, surprisingly, walks in on the fiasco and is heartbroken at the sight of Roy taking part in all the shenanigans. They all find themselves surrounded by Rathbone and a squad of boxers who apprehend the three. Taken to a covered pier, tied up and left defenseless, Wang and Roy finally encounter Wu Chow, his second-in-command Liu  and his Boxers. Wu Chow ties her up to try to locate the Seal, but they do not know where Charlie has taken it. He tells them the grand scheme: Rathbone would kill the bearer of the Seal and return the item to Wu Chow, who would use the Seal to unite the enemies of China and claim the throne. In return, Wu Chow would use a Gatling gun to dispatch the Royal Family, leaving Rathbone, who is tenth in line to the throne, King. Chon Wang and Roy escape and track down Artie Doyle, who has developed an investigative technique called deductive reasoning, which he uses to find that Charlie has been hiding at Madame Tussauds wax museum. They reclaim the Seal, but it is taken by Boxers, and the three are arrested for trespassing. Charlie  breaks them out, and they go to Queen Victoria\'s Jubilee Ball, where the Royal Family will be. Wang finds Wu Chow and Lin as well on the fireworks barge, kills Liu, unties Lin, and dismantles Wu\'s plan. However, Wu proves himself to be an accomplished martial artist, surpassing Wang in skill, but Lin arrives in time to kill him with a fireworks rocket and save Wang. Artie and Roy, who have found their way into the Houses of Parliament, confront Rathbone and prevent his escape. Before Artie can arrest him, Rathbone shoots him in the shoulder. Roy and Wang pursue Rathbone up into Big Ben, where they engage him in a sword fight. Rathbone pushes Roy out of the glass front of the clock, but Roy catches himself on one of the clock\'s hands. Rathbone nearly defeats Wang, but Wang\'s rage over his dead father and fallen comrade leads him to suicidally grapple with Rathbone, sending both of them flying out the clock face. Luckily, Roy catches Wang, as Rathbone plummets to his death. Roy and Wang decide to jump by gripping hold of a large British Flag drapped over Big Ben and land in the carriage containing Queen Victoria. Roy and Wang are knighted, as is Artie, whose full name is now Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Artie decides to become a writer, his stories revolving around his deductive reasoning technique, and asks Roy if he can use the "Sherlock Holmes" name. Roy and Lin kiss, and Roy proposes that he and Wang go to Hollywood to get in on the ground floor with motion pictures . They roll off in a buggy, with Charlie stowed away. Wang also manages to open the box his father sent him, finding a message inside reminding him of the importance of family.'] ['US Army Command Sergeant Major Zack Carey  is about to retire from the military after taking his last post, in rural Georgia . Despite being offered the position of Sergeant Major of the Army, he insists he just wishes to finish his tour and retire in peace to spend time with his family. Several years earlier, his older son had been killed in an accident, and his relationship with his only surviving son, Billy , is strained. He is quickly shown to be a tough but fair NCO, who quickly earns the respect and admiration of his troops. Zack owns a vintage Sherman tank from World War II that he has restored with his son\'s help, and he uses it for parades and public relations. While visiting an off-base bar, he sees a deputy sheriff  beat a hooker named Sarah  and defends her. Unfortunately, Sarah had been forced into prostitution by Cyrus Buelton, the corrupt sheriff . Sheriff Buelton tries to arrest Sgt. Major Carey, but finds his jurisdiction won\'t let him touch him while he\'s on the base, which is Federal territory. To get revenge on Carey, Sheriff Buelton frames Billy for drug possession by planting marijuana in his gym locker at school. Sheriff Buelton offers to drop the charges, if Sgt. Major Carey would give the Sheriff a hefty bribe, approximately equal to his retirement savings. However, Zack\'s wife, LaDonna  refuses to take part in "good old boy" justice and calls a lawyer. The lawyer is thrown into jail himself on trumped-up contempt of court charges, Billy is put on trial immediately and is promptly found guilty and sentenced to several years of hard labor at the county work farm. LaDonna, finally realizing the depths of Sheriff Buelton\'s cruelty, goes to Carey and tells him what happened. When Sgt. Major Carey tries to offer the bribe, Buelton accepts the money, but refuses to release his son, simply stating that it will prevent him from being shot "accidentally" or while "attempting to escape", or from being raped by other inmates&nbsp;– temporarily. Carey decides to take matters into his own hands, and climbs into his vintage tank. To prevent the police from following him immediately, he destroys the local jail & police station, shoots the local telephone exchange, and destroys the parked police cars with his tank\'s cannon. He then liberates Billy  from the county work farm and takes him, as well as Sarah, away. Once away from town and the jail, he reveals his plan: to escape to Tennessee, where they can get a fair hearing in a court of law regarding extradition, which will at least be a fair hearing instead of the kangaroo court that Billy received in Georgia. The matter quickly escalates. Sheriff Buelton demands military intervention from Carey\'s commanding officer, but the commander points out that Carey had already retired from the Army, so he\'s broken no military law ; he hasn\'t stolen the tank, which is legally his; and all his violations are of civilian law. He also happily points out the Posse Comitatus Act, prohibiting him from providing any military aid to civilian law enforcement. In a running joke of the movie, Sheriff Buelton does not understand the name of the act, and thinks he\'s being called a "pussy communist". Through a long series of chases and evasion through rural Georgia, including being aided by relatives of people he broke out of jail earlier, the tank and its crew quickly become folk heroes throughout the country. Despite Sheriff Buelton insisting they are criminals, the nation rallies behind them as a sort of modern-day Robin Hood, meaning the Sheriff has little public support for his hunt for the tank. On the Tennessee side of the line, thousands of people gather to welcome the tank. Meanwhile, LaDonna has had a personal audience with the Governor of Tennessee, managing to get a formal guarantee that they will be given a proper extradition hearing . However, a showdown brews at the Tennessee state line, where a huge crowd of supporters for the tank and its crew have gathered, including LaDonna and the Governor of Tennessee, who arrive via helicopter. However Buelton has managed to block the road with tractor-and-semi-trailer rigs and set up an ambush, including a large mud trap to inhibit the tank\'s freedom of movement. Using a vintage bazooka,  Buelton manages to disable the tank within sight of the state line. However, the tank\'s firepower is unaffected and the Careys and Sarah are able to hold the Sheriff and his forces at bay. Carey, who had been injured earlier while attempting to repair the tank, instructs Billy and Sarah to sneak over the state line at night. They refuse. With his father going from bad to worse, Billy is even willing to surrender to Buelton in exchange for his father getting hospitalized. Meanwhile, seeing the tank in dire straits, a motorcycle gang steals the materials to build a ramp, and one of their number jumps into the muddy field where the tank is trapped, sending them a rope . Billy gets out through the escape hatch at the bottom of the tank and quickly goes to the aid of the biker with the cable, while Sarah holds the Sheriff and his posse back with the tank\'s machine gun. Once the tow cable is attached, the collected people on the other side of the line begin to pull the tank out of the mud. Sheriff Buelton orders his posse to open fire on the crowd, but as the deputies pull their guns, the Tennessee Highway Patrol pulls their guns on the Sheriff\'s men and shouts over the megaphone that if he opens fire, it will be "another Little Big Horn". Thus the Sheriff is forced to stop the crowd another way; he and his men all run for the mud field and begin pulling on their end, resulting in a tug of war between the crowd and the posse. The crowd find themselves unable to help pull the tank free this way and decide to try something else. The posse cheers their victory, and Sheriff Buelton climbs on top of the tank and demands its occupants surrender. Zach motions to Billy to turn the tank\'s turret, which he does, knocking the gloating Buelton facedown into the mud. And on the other side of the state line, the tow cable is affixed to a bulldozer and the crowd renews their pulling efforts. This time, the posse\'s attempts to stop them are completely futile, and the tank is hauled out of the mud and over the state line to safety. LaDonna happily greets her husband and son, as well as Sarah, as they climb out of the tank to a hero\'s welcome by the people and the Governor of Tennessee.'] ['Ling Ling Fat is a Cantonese wordplay on the code number "008", a reference to James Bond, whose number was 007 , as well as part of a Cantonese Chinese New Year\'s Greeting: "Kung hei fat choy" . Ling Ling Fat  is, by heritage, a member of the Chinese Emperor\'s elite personal bodyguards. He belongs to the tribe of Baolong, which literally means "King Protecting". Instead of studying martial arts, like his fellow bodyguards, Ling Ling Fat makes unusual inventions, such as cannons fired from the mouth, helicopter blades, and magnets. He also practices gynaecology, and spends time with his loving wife . In the beginning of the film, Ling Ling Fat fails to apprehend a group of ugly swordsmen who are trespassing in the Forbidden City, but he does manage to acquire a kung fu manual, Flying Fairy, from one of the swordsmen. During an audience with the Emperor, Ling Ling Fat\'s seemingly useless inventions and his ignorance of martial arts enrage the Emperor, who demotes him to menial tasks around the palace. Meanwhile, Faceless, King of Gum Tribe, plans to assassinate the Emperor and overtake China. The Gum Tribe creates a diversion by inviting all the doctors of China to a medical exposition in which an alien is to be dissected. Ling Ling Fat and the Emperor separately depart for the event. While Ling Ling Fat and his wife feast at a string of restaurants, Gum\'s men assassinate and kill the Emperor\'s three remaining bodyguards. The assassins put the unconscious Emperor in an alien costume to present him as the alien for dissection. Just as Ling Ling Fat and the other doctors discover the Emperor\'s identity, Gum\'s assassins begin to slaughter everyone in attendance. Ling Ling Fat uses his wits and inventions to defeat the assassins. The Emperor honors Ling Ling Fat for his success and gives him an enormous pearl as a reward. For his next assignment, the Emperor charges Ling Ling Fat with investigating a prospective concubine, the beautiful prostitute Gum Tso . Ling Ling Fat meets with Gum Tso without his wife\'s knowledge and has difficulty restraining himself from her seductive advances. He gives her the enormous pearl and lies about it to his wife. Later, Gum Tso surprises Ling Ling Fat at his home, forcing a violent confrontation between Ling Ling Fat and his wife\'s family. Ling Ling Fat forsakes his tearful wife and leaves with Gum Tso. When Ling Ling Fat brings Gum Tso to the palace, he and the Emperor throw Gum Tso in chains and reveal that she is actually Faceless in disguise. Ling Ling Fat had deciphered Gum Tso\'s true identity during their meeting and enlisted his entire family in a ruse to fool Faceless. The Emperor begins handing out acting awards to Ling Ling Fat\'s various family members, but Faceless manages to break free. Once again, Ling Ling Fat uses his inventions and wits to combat Faceless, but Faceless fights back with powerful martial arts techniques. On the verge of defeat, Ling Ling Fat is struck by a lightning bolt meant for Faceless which awakes his potential and enables him to use the Flying Fairy technique he learned from the manual he gained at the beginning of the film, thus destroying Faceless.'] ["As airman Adrien Dufourquet embarks on an 8-day leave in Paris to see his fiancée, Agnès, two South American Indians steal an Amazon statuette from a museum and force Professor Catalan, the curator, into their car. Catalan was Agnes' father's companion on an Amazon expedition during which her father died. Catalan believes that the statuette is one of three which hold the secret to an Amazon treasure. Adrien arrives in time to see the Indians abducting Agnès, the only one who knows the location of the other statuettes, and he pursues them to the airport where he steals a ticket and boards the same plane. Adrien tells the pilot that his fiancée has been abducted, but Agnès has been drugged and does not recognize him. The pilot plans to have Adrien arrested when they reach Rio de Janeiro, but Adrien eludes the police upon arrival. With the help of Sir Winston, a Brazilian bootblack, Adrien rescues Agnès. They retrieve the first statuette, but the Indians steal it back again. In Sir Winston's car, Agnès and Adrien drive to Brasília to meet Señor De Castro, a wealthy industrialist who possesses the third statuette. On the way, they come across the Indians' car with Catalan slumped inside; after picking him up, they drive on to Brasília. At a party in their honor, De Castro takes Catalan to his strong room to assure him of the statuette's safety, and Catalan, who planned the museum theft, murders him and steals the statuette. By the time Adrien discovers the body, Catalan and the Indians have abducted Agnès again and escaped in a seaplane. Adrien steals a plane and follows. In a floating jungle cafe run by Lola, the woman who financed Catalan, Adrien learns that Catalan murdered Agnes' father and that Agnès is being held in a boat. Rushing to the boat, Adrien hangs onto the side as it heads upstream and finally docks. While Catalan goes to the underground location of the treasure, Adrien kills all of Catalan's accomplices and rescues Agnès. Catalan finds the treasure, but an explosion set off by a nearby demolition crew causes him to be buried with it. Adrien and Agnès flee the jungle and arrive in Paris in time for Adrien to catch his train back to camp."] ['The film revolves around a crack squad of female police officers who have to deal with harassment and a lack of respect from their male colleagues, personal issues as well as some serious criminals.'] ['Natalie Cook , Dylan Sanders , and Alex Munday  are the "Angels," three talented, tough, attractive women who work as private investigators for an unseen millionaire named Charlie . Charlie uses a speaker in his offices to communicate with the Angels, and his assistant Bosley  works with them directly when needed. The Angels are assigned to find Eric Knox , a software genius who created a revolutionary voice-recognition system and heads his own company, Knox Enterprises. Knox is believed to have been kidnapped by Roger Corwin , who runs a communications-satellite company called Redstar. The Angels infiltrate a party held by Corwin and spot a thin man  who was seen on the surveillance videos during Knox\'s kidnapping. They chase and fight the Thin Man, but he runs away. When they follow him, they discover Knox. After the Angels reunite Knox with his business partner Vivian Wood , Charlie explains that they must determine whether the Thin Man has stolen Knox\'s voice-recognition software. The Angels infiltrate Redstar headquarters, fool the security system, and plant a device in the central computer that will enable them to explore it remotely. They retire for the night after giving Bosley the laptop computer that communicates with the Redstar computer. Dylan takes up Knox\'s offer to spend the night with him, but he betrays her later that night, explaining that he faked the kidnapping with help from Vivian and the thin man. He has kidnapped Bosley, and, with access to Redstar\'s central computer, he intends to use his voice software with the Redstar satellite network to find and kill Charlie, who he believes killed his father in the Vietnam War. Knox shoots at Dylan, apparently killing her, but she escapes unharmed. Natalie and Alex are also attacked, and Corwin is murdered by the Thin Man. When the Angels regroup, Charlie\'s offices are blown up, but a radio receiver survives in the rubble, and the Angels deduce Bosley\'s location as he speaks to them using a radio transmitter implanted in his teeth. With help from Dylan\'s current boyfriend Chad , the Angels approach the abandoned lighthouse where Knox is holding Bosley prisoner. The Angels rescue Bosley and defeat Vivian, the thin man, and some henchmen before Knox blows up the lighthouse, but Knox uses his software and the Redstar satellite network to locate Charlie when he telephones Bosley. When Knox escapes in a helicopter armed with a missile, Bosley helps the Angels board the helicopter, and Alex reprograms the missile, which blows up the helicopter and kills Knox while the Angels land safely in the ocean. Seeing the opportunity to finally meet Charlie in person, the Angels enter the beach house that Knox targeted, but Charlie has already left. He remotely congratulates them on a job well done, and treats them and Bosley to a vacation. When Charlie speaks to the Angels by telephone on the beach, unseen by most of the group, Dylan suspects that she sees him nearby talking into a cell phone.'] ["Jo Pil-seong is an idle detective who spends his time scratching off lottery tickets in his office, while his wife and children work in a manwha shop. Pil-seong secretly takes his wife's emergency money of ₩300,000 and tells his friend to bet it on a bull name Gomi in a bullfight. Gomi is declared as a winner, and Pil-seong's friends celebrate their victory later that night as they wait for him to arrive. Meanwhile, an escaped prisoner named Song Gi-tae intervenes in the celebration and steals Pil-seong's money. When Pil-seong finds out what has happened he confronts the criminal, but suffers a humiliating defeat. Pil-seong reports to his colleagues and his boss that he encountered the infamous Gi-tae, but none of them believed in him. In an attempt to recapture Gi-tae, Pil-seong decides to recruit his friends  and found him inside a house with his girlfriend, Kyeong-Joo. Formulating a plan, Pil-seong tells his friends to stand by the outside window of where Gi-tae was, while Pil-seong himself sneaks into the house, armed with pepper spray. Gi-tae, however, was aware of Pil-seong's presence and once escaped before the police arrived. Before leaving, Gi-tae takes out his knife, stabs Pil-seong's right hand, and warns him that the next time he'll kill him if he tries to capture him again. Suffering from public humiliation as well as being kicked out of the house by his wife , Pil-seong decides to train himself in fighting Gi-tae. When taking taekwondo lessons one day, Pil-seong learns that the upper part of the human rib cage is the vulnerable area of taking his opponents down. He later buys himself his own handgun as his own personal defense weapon. In the next encounter of Gi-tae, Pil-seong got him surrounded by keeping Kyeong-joo hostage. As he forced Gi-tae to keep moving on, Pil-seong's friends intervened, causing Gi-tae to escape once again. Pil-seong's friends begged him to give up capturing Gi-tae for his own sake, but he refuses. Meanwhile, one of Gi-tae's accomplice, Pyo Jae-seok, was arrested by Pil-seong. He confiscates Jae-seok's handphone and orders him to bring back the money that Gi-tae stole from him. Learning that Gi-tae was hiding somewhere in a fishing village, Pil-seong uses a bullhorn and asks Gi-tae to reveal himself. Realizing that Pil-seong has the money and Jaeseok's cell phone, Gi-tae calls him and tells him that he is next to the manwha shop where his family works. Holding a gasoline tank, he gives Pil-seong one hour to meet him and bring the money, or else he'll destroy the manwha shop with his family inside. Pil-seong did as he was told but also asked his colleagues and policemen to arrive in his family's manwha shop. Pil-seong arrived in a small fenced area and buried the money, before Gi-tae came. Wanting to capture Gi-tae, he non-fatally shoots him in the stomach with his handgun. He discards his handgun and takes Gi-tae's knife and asks for a fair fight. The battle then ensures as both Pil-seong and Gi-tae beat each other up to the pulp. Finally cornering Pil-seong, Gi-tae asks him for the money and threatens to kill him if he doesn't. Gi-tae finds the money and walks off. However, Pil-seong regained consciousness and eventually defeats his opponent by accurately striking him in the upper rib cage. Pil-seong is barely conscious from the fight, but is satisfied on his efforts of capturing Gi-tae. Pil-seong's colleagues later finds him in the cell sleeping with Gi-tae handcuffed. Few days later, Pil-seong and his colleagues was awarded for a higher position as officers and led a ceremonial parade to Pil-seong's daughter's school. The film ends as Pil-seong and the fellow officers gave a salute."] ['Another 48 Hrs. takes place several years after the events of the first film, with Reggie Hammond  having served another prison term for robbing a payroll . Veteran San Francisco police officer Jack Cates  has to reunite with his imprisoned buddy Reggie who is about to be released from prison. Together they have to find an unscrupulous drug dealer who calls himself "The Iceman". Once again they only have 48 hours to fulfill their task. Cates has been after the Iceman for the past four years. At the Hunter\'s Point Raceway, Jack confronts Tyrone Burroughs  and Arthur Brock. Jack kills Brock in self defense, but Burroughs escapes, and Jack is in danger of going to prison because Brock\'s gun can\'t be found. Jack finds a picture that proves that the Ice Man has put a price on the head of Reggie Hammond, who is scheduled to be released from prison on the next day. Jack tries to convince Reggie to help him clear his name and find the Iceman, but Reggie says he won\'t help unless Jack gives Reggie the $500,000 that Jack has been holding on to for Reggie. Jack refuses to give Reggie the money unless Reggie helps him. After the bus that is transporting Reggie away from the prison is forced to crash by two bikers and Jack gets shot by the same two bikers, Jack forces Reggie to help him by having the hospital release Reggie into his custody. Reggie recognized one of the bikers as Richard "Cherry" Ganz , the brother of Albert Ganz, the escaped convict Jack killed in the first film. Jack got shot because Cherry wants revenge for Albert\'s death, and Cherry and his partner Willie Hickok  are the hitmen who have been hired to kill Reggie. Burroughs, who works for the Iceman, was trying to hire Brock as insurance, just in case Cherry and Hickok fail. Blake Wilson , the head of the Internal Affairs division, obviously doesn\'t like Jack, because Wilson will stop at nothing to prosecute Jack for manslaughter in Brock\'s death, and it turns out that the Ice Man put a price on Reggie\'s head because Reggie knows who the Ice Man is—Jack\'s friend and fellow cop, Ben Kehoe . Jack confronts the trio of villains (Detective Frank Cruise  at a local nightclub where Reggie is being held . Jack and Reggie dispose of Cruise, Cherry and Hickok, but Reggie is grabbed by Kehoe and used as a human shield. Reggie begs Jack to shoot him which he does firing a shot into his shoulder, wounding him and throwing him off Kehoe. Jack then empties his gun into Kehoe, who falls backward and his head is crushed by one of the stripper cages. Reggie is being transported to the hospital and he and Jack share a few parting words. As the ambulance leaves with Reggie, Jack realizes that Reggie  has once again stolen his lighter.'] ['{{plot}} Darryl Walker  is a clumsy nerdy repairman, who is a genius. Darrel had a pure heart and an optimstic Pollyannish personality. He is childishly naive to the realities of living in an inner city neighborhood. The area suffers from political corruption and the police are on strike. It takes the murder of his grandmother, an avid supporter of Alderman Marvin Harris\' anti corruption campaign for Mayor, by members of mobster Michael Minelli to awaken him to the realities of his city\'s urban decay. He expresses his frustrations by intervening in a situation and boldly saving an elderly transit passenger from being mugged, and by ranting about the general corruptible state that the city has become. Darryl was so pure and shielded from reality presumably because of his interest in inventing, that he does not even realize that there is a "crackhouse in front of our flat". He tries to storm into it unarmed and rebuke the gang members, oblivious to the hazardous stupidity of doing so. Awareness to the city\'s issues inspires Darryl to become Blankman. He uses his technical expertise to create weapons and gadgets. His brother Kevin, a tabloid news cameraman, goes along with this fantasy believing that it\'s Darryl\'s way to cope with the murder of his grandmother. He demands an audience with the police commissioner, but the police are not impressed with his actions, ridicule him, and arrest him for disturbing the peace. Darryl is released on orders to see a shrink. The shrink calls Darryl normal, but a geek, infuriating Kevin, who the shrink then attempts to psychoanalyze. After Darryl is nearly killed trying to protect a citizen on the street, Kevin tries to get him to tone his activities down, advising him to start a neighborhood watch. After he delivers a woman\'s baby in an elevator, he is asked for his name. Darryl just stares, and Kevin replies, "He\'s gone blank, ma\'am." Both the lady and the reporters interpret this as a name: Blankman. Over time he protects various other people in the community, building up a reputation and inspiring both the town and other real life superheroes. Kevin, hoping to win the affections of Kimberly Jonz, a reporter at his TV station, begs Darryl to allow her to interview him. He relents, on the condition that she wear a carnation. He brings her to his secret hideout, an abandoned subway station, and they talk about how he took up his duties to memorialize his grandmother and prevent crime. Impressed by his heroics and modesty, Kimberly immediately falls in love with Darryl and she kisses him causing him to have an erection. Mayor Harris, who refused Minelli\'s attempts at bribery, attempts to bring in outside money to pay the IOUs the city has been giving its workers. He also asks that Blankman be there to protect the people and receive a special award. As the money is released, Minelli\'s henchmen storm the bank and take the mayor hostage, threatening to detonate explosives. At the police chief\'s request and the crowd\'s chants, Blankman attempts to save the mayor, but is unable to disarm all the bombs. He reveals his identity to the mayor and tells him of his grandmother\'s support for the mayor. Mayor Harris wishes him well, warning him to run and says he will tell Mrs. Walker about Darryl. Blankman runs out screaming as the bank explodes. The crowd, seeing his failure, turn on him, chasing him down the street. Darryl then gives up his heroic works for a normal life, getting a job at a McDonald\'s. Wanting a great story Kevin\'s boss Jason Stone, a tabloid news junkie, manages to contact Minelli and trades knowledge of Blankman\'s love for Kimberly in exchange for an exclusive interview. In the midst of doing research on Minelli and Darryl\'s grandmother\'s death, Kimberly calls Kevin with the news. As Kevin answers, Minelli takes Kimberly hostage. Minelli issues a verbal threat to Kevin , telling him he will kill Kimberly if Blankman does not show up. Kevin rushes to Darryl\'s workplace with the news, but Darryl refuses to help wanting a normal life. Kevin finally convinces him with the news that Minelli had their grandmother killed and that he will wear the costume Darryl designed for him. The two rush to Darryl\'s underground lair where he again turns into Blankman. Kevin becomes his new sidekick but without a name. He just goes by "Other Guy". The two heroes then rush to the TV station. After shooting the reporter interviewing him, Minelli becomes fed up. While threatening Stone, Blankman and Other Guy crash through the window and attempt a rescue. The two engage in a fight with Minelli\'s goons, losing. They are placed in a water tank and left to slowly drown. Stone and Kimberly are chained to desks and left to die as Minelli has hidden bombs in the building. At this point, Blankman calls in J-5, his robot assistant, to save them. J-5 drills a hole in the tank and the pair kick their way to freedom at the last minute. The duo then search for the bombs, finding them in a women\'s bathroom. Activating J-5\'s "bomb disposal mode," Blankman stuffs the explosives inside and frees Kimberly. Stone is left behind, a joke Other Guy wants to play on his boss. Once outside, the explosives detonate, destroying J-5. Distraught, Blankman swears revenge. Tracking Minelli to his hideout in a factory, the two prepare for the final battle. Other Guy, however, is overconfident and is wounded because his costume is not bulletproof like Darryl\'s. Blankman then defeats Minelli\'s goons with his electric "newchucks" . Just when Minelli is about to kill Other Guy, Blankman activates his jet-powered roller blades and captures Minelli and delivers him to the police. Blankman is once again acknowledged as a hero  by the people, receiving the Mayor Harris Award for outstanding community service at a ceremony in their honor. Other Guy receives a Blankman t-shirt . After the ceremony, Kevin introduces Kimberly to "Darryl." The two make light conversation until Kimberly pretends to see a purse snatcher, putting Darryl on alert. Kimberly then reveals she knows that they are Blankman and Other Guy, and she kisses Darryl to prove it. Darryl falls to the ground after getting the same embarrassing reaction he had the first time while Kevin and Kimberly laugh at him. The film ends with a shot of a banner that reads "We Love You Blankman...and the Other Guy".'] ['Chon Wang is a Chinese imperial guard. After Princess Pei-Pei, for whom Wang has affection, is abducted and taken to the United States, the Emperor of China sends three of his guards to retrieve her. Wang is not among one of the three, but after he tells them that it was his fault the princess was kidnapped, he is merely sent in the hopes that the "foreign devils" would get rid of Wang. In Nevada, Roy O\'Bannon is an outlaw who, with his gang, hijacks the train Wang is on. When Wallace, a member of Roy\'s gang, kills Wang\'s uncle, Wang chases the outlaws down. However, the gang is well-armed and Wang\'s only choice is to unhinge the cars and get away on the engine. In the process, Wallace takes over the gang from Roy, and they leave him buried up to his chin in the desert sand. Meanwhile, Pei-Pei, who was tricked into believing she was freely escaping her arranged marriage in China, finds out she has been kidnapped by an agent of Lo Fong, who ran away from the Forbidden City and was viewed as a traitor by the Chinese. When Wang finds Roy buried in the sand, he demands to know the direction to Carson City. Roy tells him that the city is on the other side of a mountain. Wang puts two chop sticks in Roy\'s mouth for him to dig himself out. When Wang comes out the other side of the mountain, he gets involved with a Sioux tribe by saving a boy chased by the Crow tribe and ends up reluctantly marrying the tribe chief\'s daughter, Falling Leaves. Wang finds Roy in a tavern and, in anger, starts a fight with him that turns into a barroom brawl. The two of them get sent to prison, and after Falling Leaves helps them escape, they become friends. Roy trains Wang in the ways of the cowboy. When they get to Carson City, Roy discovers that both he and Wang, now identified as the "Shanghai Kid" are wanted by Lo Fong\'s ally Marshal Nathan Van Cleef, and the two of them narrowly escape. They go to a bordello , but after a drunken encounter by Wang, the Marshal eventually catches and arrests them. They find out that Lo Fong is behind the kidnapping of the princess. As they are about to be hanged, Wang manages to break himself free and after Falling Leaves shoots Roy loose, they escape the execution site. Wang, upset over Roy previously telling one of the prostitutes at the bordello he was not Wang\'s friend, rides off alone to find the princess. However, Roy follows him and the two reunite when Roy saves him from Fong. The next day, the two partners go to the ransom point, the Carson City Mission church. The three imperial guards arrive with the gold, and Lo Fong has the princess in hand. However, a simple exchange becomes complicated when Wang shows up and Roy points a gun towards Fong. Wang tells his fellow guards that he will not allow them to bring the princess back to China. As the Chinese and Lo Fong fight amongst themselves, Van Cleef arrives and engages Roy in a gunfight. After Roy is limited to one remaining bullet, Van Cleef simultaneously fires both of his guns but Roy shoots him in the heart. Wang fights the Imperial Guards whilst Lo Fong chases Pei-Pei through the rafters of the church. After Wang knocks all three Guards unconscious he fights Lo Fong to the bell tower. Wang ultimately kills Lo Fong by dismantling the bell causing it to hang Lo Fong. When they awaken, the Imperial Guards decide that they will let the princess stay. Wallace and his gang also come up to the church, and demand that Roy and Wang come out and fight. But when the two of them get outside the church to face Wallace, Natives from all around surround the gang. At a Chinese cultural celebration Roy thanks Falling Leaves for saving him and they engage in a passionate kiss. At the same time, Pei-Pei holds a smiling Wang\'s hand. Roy and Wang are shown as sheriffs and ride off to catch a new band of train robbers.'] ["Thomas  and David  are cousins who run a fast food van in Barcelona. The food is delivered by Thomas, who rushes around the square on a skateboard. After fending off a biker gang they continue business as normal. They go and visit David's father who is in a mental institution and bump into Sylvia who is the daughter of David's father's girl friend. Thomas encourages David to try to ask her out on a date and chickens out of this making the excuse she would have said no anyway. Cut to the van serving food late at night where Thomas inadvertently bumps into Sylvia who is pretending to be a prostitute. But Sylvia  is actually a pickpocket and she robs a man in a bed room and runs away to their fast food van. Both Thomas and David are enamoured by her. But after allowing her to stay in their apartment that night, they wake to find Sylvia and their money gone. The next day, they bump into Moby , a bumbling private investigator who is also tracking Sylvia. They later discovered that Sylvia is the heir to a sizeable inheritance that a criminal gang is trying to steal from her. When she is kidnapped, Thomas, David, and Moby team up to save her, infiltrating the villains' castle and defeating them in a martial arts battle."] ['Truck driver Jack Burton  and his friend Wang Chi  go to San Francisco International Airport to pick up Wang\'s fiancee Miao Yin . A Chinese street gang, the Lords of Death, kidnaps Miao Yin and takes her into Chinatown with the intention of selling her as a sex slave. Jack and Wang track them to the back alleys of Chinatown and get caught in a battle between two feuding ancient societies known as the "Chang Sing" and the "Wing Kong." The latter interrupts a funeral procession the Chang Sing are having for their recently assassinated leader and, during the ensuing street battle, powerful magicians in league with the Wing Kong, called "The Three Storms" , use their supernatural powers to slaughter the Chang Sing. Trying to escape, Jack runs over the Wing Kong\'s leader, the sorcerer Lo Pan , but Lo Pan is unharmed. Wang takes Jack to his restaurant, The Dragon of the Black Pool, where they meet up with lawyer Gracie  Law up Tomammo Noku , along with Wang\'s friend Eddie Lee  and magician Egg Shen , a local authority on Lo Pan who moonlights as a tour bus driver in Chinatown. They come up with a plan to infiltrate a brothel where they think Miao Yin is being held. Jack  investigates, but the Storms make off with Miao Yin. Miao Yin is taken to the Wing Kong Exchange, a front for Lo Pan\'s domain. Jack infiltrates the place, where he and Wang get caught in an elevator that fills with water. They escape, but are quickly subdued by Rain. Strapped into wheelchairs, they are taken to see Lo Pan . Wang tells Jack about the 2,000-year-old legend of Lo Pan; that he was cursed to roam the Earth in a ghost-like form until he can marry a special kind of girl with emerald green eyes. Lo Pan has found that girl in Miao Yin and intends to marry and then sacrifice her. When Jack\'s and Wang\'s friends try to infiltrate the Wing Kong Exchange they are captured and taken to holding cells filled with women. Jack and Wang are placed in a cell but manage to escape after getting the drop on Thunder. Wang and Eddie create a diversion so Jack can rescue the imprisoned women. As they escape, Lo Pan captures Gracie. On noting that she has green eyes as well he decides to marry both women, sacrificing Gracie and living out his life with Miao Yin. Wang and Jack go to see Egg Shen. With the help of the Chang Sing, they go into an underground cavern and reach Lo Pan\'s headquarters. Egg gives the group a potion that Jack says makes him feel "kind of invincible." At the wedding ceremony, a huge fight ensues . Wang is able to kill Rain in an elegant sword fight. Jack and Gracie try and catch Lo Pan. Wang joins them, and takes on Thunder, while Jack takes on Lo Pan, throwing a knife that embeds in his skull. Thunder, enraged and dishonored at his failure to protect his Master, starts to inflate to an enormous size, exploding and killing himself. Jack, Wang, Gracie, and Miao Yin are cornered by Lightning in a corridor, which he makes collapse. Egg rescues them with a rope, which Lightning tries to climb in order to follow. Egg throws down a statue that crushes him. They find Jack\'s truck and make their escape back to the Dragon of the Black Pool restaurant. Lo Pan having been defeated, Egg decides to go on vacation, saying China is in the heart. Jack hits the open road, with an unknown-to-him stowaway—one of the remaining monsters.'] ['Five friends  are set to sit for the daunting nationwide university entry exam. Desperate to get a passing grade, they try to pool their resources together and enlist the services of a professional thief/assassin  for hire to steal the papers. All five of them have good reasons to do so. For Mert, it is essential to get into university, as he promised to his mother dying of cancer. He is the head of the family, working hard to make a living, even stopped attending school. Because of that, Mert surely cannot pass the entrance exam, so he needs to find other ways. He is in love with Gamze, whom he had cheated on before and so the girl doesn\'t approve of him anymore. Gamze\'s parents are in a continuous fight with each other which frustrates the young girl, making her want to flee from home - she needs to get into a university. Sinan\'s police officer father treats him badly, sure if he cannot pass the exam his cruel father would beat him up. The honest and good student Kaan is under pressure also by his family who want him to be a doctor - but no matter much he works, it is never enough for his maximalist father, not to mention Kaan doesn\'t want to be a doctor but rather would like to become a bass guitarist. Uluç\'s father is always telling his son to study, not to become a poor man like himself. First the friends try the legal way of getting things done: study. But however hard they study, they cannot please their parents. It seems to be impossible to study for their lessons and for the exam as well, which demands different knowledge. They - and especially outcast Mert - are also harassed by the corrupt headmaster, Rafet, who only wants to make as much money out of extra lessons given to the students, as much is possible. The only person who wants to do good for the school is Zeynep, the assistant of the headmaster. The friends finally decide to steal the Mathematics test from the teacher\'s bag, when she is out to lunch. They precisely plan the operation and finally succeed. Nonetheless they discover that this won\'t help them at the ÖSS, the university entrance exam. So Sinan, frustrated by his policeman father\'s corruptness, tells the others to plan the stealth of the exam papers as well. First they visit a former student of their school, Levent, who has become a famous and wealthy man and was rumoured to have been close to steal the ÖSS exam papers. He senses their plans and tells them off, offering the worried Zeynep his help to teach a lesson to the guys. So the heroes have to find another way. Uluç tells them a story how he saved the life of a British secret agent when he was a little boy and how he got a cup from this Charles as a reward, telling Uluç that he "is obliged to him". So Uluç keeps sending emails to every Charles in Britain hoping to find the agent. Finally he gets an answer from the Charles he was seeking. The friends start collecting money  to pay for Charles\'s expenses and invite him to steal the exam papers. Charles  arrives and tells his plan of the stealth. He enters the building at night and manages to steal the documents and give them to the overjoyed students. Kaan, however, refuses to have a look at the papers, he says that his sense of honesty doesn\'t allow this. He had studied hard and done the questions of the previous year\'s exam. The others start memorising the answers and finally the "great day" arrives and they sit for the exam. The parents are waiting outside for the results, proudly watching their children enter the exam building. As soon as they start reading the questions they realise that they are different from what Charles had given them. It turns out that Charles is really Jean-Claude Van Damme , and that he was asked to play for the role of Charles by Levent, the wealthy former student of their school, as he and Jean-Claude are old friends. So the students - except Kaan, who really did study - are taught a very difficult lesson about honesty and fairplay. In the end we see Mert\'s mother fall off the bench in the park opposite the window at which Mert is sitting. Mert hurriedly leaves the exam and runs out only to find his mother dead. The film ends with Mert taking his dead mother into his arms. Throughout the film we can see moments of a horserace - the rush for the university entrance is like a race for horses where only the best fed and best trained horses can win and the jockeys do everything to rush the horses, just like the teachers and parents push the children. The film shows how important the university entrance exam is in Turkey and how frustrating this "race" is for these 18-year-old young people, that the system is unfair and far from sufficient, as Levent says to Zeynep when talking about \'crime and punishment\': "Have you ever wondered why our students are not taught Dostoyevski? Because their minds might awake".'] ['Belushi plays bad-tempered San Diego police detective Michael Dooley, who has been tagged for execution by a major international drug dealer named Lyman . To help, a so-called "friend" named Brannigan  gives Dooley an unorthodox drug-sniffing police dog called "Jerry Lee" .<ref namehttp://articles.latimes.com/1989-04-28/entertainment/ca-1646_1_jerry-lee-k-9-movie-reviews |titleKevin |lastLos Angeles Times |dateAug 21, 2012}} The two attempt to put Lyman in prison, but Dooley soon learns that Jerry Lee is a mischievous smart aleck who works only when and how he wants to. Many of the movie\'s gags revolve around Jerry Lee\'s playfully destructive episodes.'] ["Ah Lung is a pig farmer and a devoted Bruce Lee fan who is anxious to follow in Lee's footsteps, but only ridiculed for his attempts. He is sent to the city to earn a living working at his uncle's restaurant, but when he arrives, he finds a gang of thugs causing trouble in the restaurant. He takes the chance to prove himself and attacks the thugs, defeating them and saving the restaurant. Soon, he becomes a waiter, and discovers a plot by the same thugs to kidnap a woman he works with. Eventually, he defeats the thugs once again and saves the day."] ['On Saturday, December 13, 1941 at 7:01 a.m., a woman goes swimming somewhere on the California coast, only to find a Japanese submarine surfacing beneath her. The submarine crew realizes they have arrived in Hollywood, and the vessel submerges while the woman swims to safety. Later that morning, a 10th Armored Division tank crew, consisting of Sergeant Frank Tree, Corporal Chuck Sitarski, and Privates Foley, Reese, and Henshaw, are at a restaurant where dishwasher Wally Stephens works. Wally is planning to enter a dance contest with Betty Douglas, against the wishes of her father Ward. Sitarski dislikes Wally almost immediately, and trips him. A fight ensues, leading Wally to lose his job. Later, Wally takes his friend Dennis shopping for zoot suits and steals a suit. In Death Valley, Army Air Corps Captain Wild Bill Kelso lands his Curtiss P-40 fighter near a grocery store and gas station; while refueling, Kelso accidentally blows up the station. In Los Angeles, Major General Joseph W. Stilwell attempts to bring order. At a press conferences at Daugherty Field in Long Beach, Captain Loomis Birkhead is attracted to the General\'s secretary Donna Stratten. He lures her into a bomber to seduce her but she knocks him out, he lands on the bomb release control, sending a bomb rolling towards the podium just as the General promises "there will be no bombs dropped here." The bomb explodes, though Stilwell escapes. That afternoon, at the Douglas family home in Santa Monica, Wally is told by Betty and her friend Maxine, both USO hostesses, that he cannot enter the USO dance that night because he is not a serviceman. Wally is forced to hide in the garage loft when Ward shows up. Soon after, Tree and his tank crew arrive to deliver an anti-aircraft battery; Sitarski spots Betty and is attracted to her. He is just about to ask Betty to go to the dance with him when Wally falls from the loft. Ward and Sitarski dump him into a garbage truck. The Japanese submarine becomes lost trying to find Los Angeles when the ship\'s compass is broken. A landing party captures Hollis "Holly" Wood who will only give them his name, occupation, and social security number. They see he has a small Cracker Jack compass, but he swallows it, and then escapes, hoping to find the authorities. That night, Stilwell goes to see Dumbo. Birkhead and Donna are at the 501st Bomb Disbursement Unit at Barstow, where Colonel "Mad Man" Maddox shows them the unit\'s aircraft. Maddox, convinced the Japanese are sending paratroops into the hills near Pomona, lets Birkhead and Donna borrow a plane, assuming they are going on a reconnaissance. Outside the USO, Sitarski kicks Wally and drags Betty into the dance. Maxine tags along. Wally sneaks in with a stolen Shore Patrol uniform, steals Betty away, and they win the dance contest whilst evading Sitarski, who is pursued by Maxine. Sitarski punches Wally, inciting a brawl. Tree arrives with his team, just as L.A. goes to Red Alert with an unknown aircraft in the air. At the Douglas\' home, Ward spots the sub. As Birkhead and Donna fly over L.A., anti-aircraft batteries open fire. Kelso shoots down Birkhead\'s plane, then sees the submarine, only to be shot down by two spotters who mistake his plane for a Japanese fighter. Sitarski drags Betty under a tank, but Wally rescues her, knocking Sitarski out. They find Kelso, who informs them about the sub. Wearing an army uniform, Wally commandeers Tree\'s tank and heads toward Pacific Ocean Amusement Park. Ward begins firing at the submarine, destroying his house in the process. The submarine returns fire, hitting the ferris wheel, which careens into the ocean. The tank sinks when the pier collapses. Kelso drives a motorbike into the ocean and swims to the submarine, where he is captured by the Japanese. On Sunday morning, December 14, Stilwell arrives at the remains of the Douglas home. Tree predicts to Stilwell that 1942 will be "the \'really big\' year of the war." The General simply mutters: "It\'s gonna be a \'long\' war."'] ['The film takes place in the town of Paradise, Arizona , where the volatile Postal Dude, after being mocked at a job interview, kicked out of his local unemployment office and discovering that his morbidly obese wife is cheating on him, is more than a little angry and is desperate to get enough cash to finally leave his dead-end town. He decides to team up with his Uncle Dave, a slovenly con artist turned doomsday cult leader who owes the US government over a million dollars in back-taxes. With the help of Uncle Dave\'s right hand man Richie and an army of big-breasted, scantily clad cult members, the Dude devises a plan to hijack a shipment of 2,000 Krotchy Dolls, a rare, sought-after plush toy resembling a giant scrotum. Uncle Dave plans to sell them online, where their prices have reached as high as $4,000 a doll. Unbeknownst to them, Osama bin Laden and his group of Al-Qaeda terrorists, who had been secretly hiding in Paradise since September 11, under the watchful eye of bin Laden\'s best friend George W. Bush, are after the same shipment, but for entirely different reasons. Hoping to outdo the catastrophe of 9/11, they plan to instill the dolls with Avian influenza and distribute them to unsuspecting American children. The two groups meet at the shipment\'s destination, Nazi-themed amusement park Little Germany. A fight between Postal creator Vince Desiderio and Postal director and park owner Uwe Boll , sparks a massive shootout between the cult, the terrorists and the police, resulting in the deaths of dozens of innocent children. The Dude and the cult are able to get away with both the shipment and the park\'s opening day guest, Verne Troyer, pursued by Al-Qaeda, the police and a mob of angry citizens. Upon returning to their compound, which has been overtaken by the terrorists, the Dude, Uncle Dave and the rest covertly sneak into the compound\'s underground bunker, where Richie reveals that he must now fulfill the prophecy foretold in Uncle Dave\'s fictional Bible: to bring about the extinction of the human race. As per Uncle Dave\'s Bible, the event initiating the apocalypse is the rape of a "tiny entertainer" by a thousand monkeys. After Verne Troyer is quickly thrown into a pit of chimpanzees, Richie shoots and kills Uncle Dave, then imprisons the Dude. The Dude manages to escape the compound with a plethora of weapons, deciding to wage a one-man war against al-Qaeda, his uncle\'s murderer, his cheating wife, the police and the many people who want him dead. On the way to his trailer , he meets up with an attractive young barista, Faith, who joins forces with him after an explosive gunfight followed later by The Dude\'s heartfelt but futile monologue about war. The two of them then proceed to kill all the terrorists, all the bloodthirsty townspeople, the remains of the now-mad cult, his wife, and her multiple lovers. In the midst of the shootout, bin Laden escapes to a payphone, where he calls Bush for help. Bush sends a helicopter to save him and plans for the two to rendezvous. Having won their war, the Dude, his dog and the barista drive away in a stolen police car. They casually turn on the radio, only to learn that Bush has blamed the day\'s shootouts and explosions on China and India, and has been "forced to destroy both countries with nuclear force". China, in retaliation, has unleashed 30 nuclear missiles towards America, which are scheduled to hit in under two minutes. The film\'s final shot features Bush and bin Laden skipping through a field together, hand-in-hand. As mushroom clouds explode on the horizon, bin Laden laughs and says, "Georgie, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship". At that moment, all of the nuclear missiles hit, and the country is destroyed.'] ['U.S. Navy SEAL Lieutenant Shane Wolfe  is assigned to rescue Howard Plummer , a man working on a top-secret government project, from a group of Serbian rebels. Wolfe and his team manage to get Plummer off an enemy boat; moments later, Wolfe and Plummer are shot while boarding the escape helicopter. Plummer is killed in the attack and Wolfe spends two months in the hospital. Wolfe\'s commanding officer, Captain Bill Fawcett ([[Chris Potter , is assigned to escort Plummer\'s widow, Julie , to Zurich, where a safety deposit box belonging to the Plummers has been discovered. Wolfe is assigned to stay at the Plummer residence, in Bethesda, Maryland to search for the secret project called GHOST, hidden somewhere in the house, and to look after the family\'s five children: Zoe , Seth , Lulu , Peter , and Baby Tyler . The kids prove to be difficult to handle, even with the help of nanny Helga : Zoe and Seth rebel against Wolfe\'s authority; Lulu is obsessed with the new houseguest; the pet duck, Gary, resents Wolfe; and Helga finally quits when one of Zoe and Seth\'s pranks go wrong. Later, Wolfe finds Lulu and her troupe of Fireflies  at the kitchen table. Wolfe takes them to Costco and while he does the shopping the troupe tries to sell cookies outside the store. However, things go horribly wrong when a group of obnoxious rival boy scouts come over and wreck their stall. When they finally reach home, they encounter an unexpected house party hosted by Zoe and her boyfriend, Scott . Wolfe forces all the guests to clean up the house before going home. Feeling that Wolfe does not care about the fact that the kids are still grieving over the death of their father, Zoe yells at him, right before they are then attacked by a pair of masked ninjas, whom Wolfe eventually defeats. He explains the entire situation to the kids, who agree to cooperate with him. A few days later, the school\'s vice principal, Duane Murney , brings the facts that Seth has cut and bleached his hair for no apparent reason, has a Nazi armband in his locker, and has skipped every wrestling practice for the past month, to Wolfe\'s attention. At home, Seth furiously yells that he only joined the wrestling team in obedience to his father\'s wish. He sneaks out of the house, tricking the alarm system with a refrigerator magnet. Wolfe, leaving Zoe in charge, follows him to the town theater, where he learns that Seth has secretly joined an amateur production of The Sound of Music. The director  quits when he believes the show will be a failure, whereupon Wolfe volunteers to take his place, and juggles this task with taking care of the house, giving Zoe driving lessons, and teaching Lulu and the Firefly Scouts martial arts to defend themselves against the rival boy scout troop. Later, Seth quits the wrestling team at Wolfe\'s prompting, confessing that he is in The Sound of Music after Murney catches him under the bleachers, practicing his dancing. When Murney threatens the boy, Wolfe challenges him to a wrestling match in front of the entire school. Despite Murney\'s show of bluster, Wolfe easily wins. The training Wolfe gives the Firefly Scouts becomes useful when they once again have a conflict with the thuggish scouts. The girls beat and tie up the boys, refusing to let them go until the thugs agree to stop bothering them. Wolfe also gets Zoe to open up about her grief over her father\'s death by telling her about how his father had shipped him off to military school when he was eight and that one day he got a letter saying his dad had been killed and that it was okay for to talk about her dad and that it was too much of a burden to keep it inside. They are interrupted by a phone call from Julie, who has guessed the password , retrieved the item in a box , and is on her way home. The kids immediately begin to plan a \'Welcome Home\' party. Less than an hour later, Wolfe discovers a secret vault underneath the garage, which requires a key to open. When Fawcett and Julie arrive home, Fawcett and Wolfe go to the garage, where Wolfe says he is rethinking his career. The two ninjas seen earlier arrive armed, and pull off their masks, revealing themselves as the Plummers\' North Korean neighbors, the Chuns . Fawcett suddenly knocks out Wolfe, proving that he is in fact a double agent. They bound and gag Zoe, Seth, and Lulu, place Peter and Tyler in the playpen, and Fawcett and Mrs. Chun take Julie to the vault while Mr. Chun looks after the children. They manage to open the door, but the dangerous security system prevents them from going any farther. The kids manage to escape after untying themselves by taking down Mr. Chun though their teamwork. They awaken Wolfe, who goes to the vault to help Julie, sending the kids to summon the police. Mr. Chun follows them in his car; with Zoe at the wheel, the kids force him to crash. Wolfe figures out how to get past the security system, using a dance  used to make Peter go to sleep each night to avoid its traps. He, Julie, Fawcett, and Mrs. Chun engage in combat, and end the fight when Julie knocks out Mrs. Chun. Wolfe\'s voice activates the final vault, knocking out Fawcett with the door. By then, the children have lured a large crowd of police to the house. Mr. Chun, however, holds all of them at gunpoint. Wolfe notices school principal and love interest Claire Fletcher  right behind him, having followed the chase when she saw it pass by the school. Wolfe, aided by Gary the duck, distracts Mr. Chun, whereupon Claire knocks him unconscious. With their missions accomplished and Fawcett and the Chuns arrested, the Plummers prepare to say goodbye to Wolfe. Lulu gives him a picture of all the kids to keep. Wolfe tells her that she\'s the best friend he\'s ever had and that he will always be thinking of her. The two of them hug and Wolfe tells the kids that there is still "one more mission" which is Seth\'s performance and where it\'s revealed that Wolfe has retired from the Navy and is now the new wrestling coach at the high school. Murney is shown briefly on stage, where he is singing "Climb Ev\'ry Mountain" off-key while dressed in a nun\'s habit, as the film concludes.'] ['Jet fuel is stolen by weapons smugglers. The fuel is reacquired by the Hong Kong police but then once again stolen by a yakuza boss named Akatora who is trying to sell it with the help of Hong Kong thug Daniel. Three rebellious cops go undercover to find both the jet fuel and Akatora. They must use the criminal instincts that got them kicked out of the force to save Hong Kong from a devastating terrorist attack.'] ['François Merlin  is a Jean Bruce type writer of pulp espionage novels  and about half of the film plays in his imagination, where he is the world-renowned superspy "Bob Sinclar"  Christine  is a sociology student who lives in Merlin\'s building and is interested in the novels, but in the writer\'s imagination she becomes Tatiana, his paramour, while the pompous and rich publisher of his novels, Pierre Charron , doubles as the great villain of the spy novels, the Albanian secret services head Karpov, who in a memorable scene of the film threatens to cut off one of Tatiana\'s breasts. Christine is clearly fascinated with the handsome spy Bob Sinclar, an unrealistic and idealized hero, who is the very opposite of his creator: a clumsy, frustrated man who barely makes enough money to get by. However, when she is befriended by the rich and vain publisher who looks down upon his poor hack writer, she realises her mistake, and after a party where he tries to seduce her, she flees him and falls asleep on the landing outside the writer\'s flat, where he finds her in the morning, clad apparently only in a T-shirt and embraces her for a happy ending. In the final scene, Merlin throws over the balcony his last manuscript, freeing himself from his character and his imaginated life.'] ['Rebecca, a young girl, is always picked on by her older brother, David, who "has the worst case of bedhead you\'ve ever seen". David is a generally unruly sort. At breakfast, he eats a cockroach and makes a big mess with his cereal. After breakfast, Rebecca goes to play with one of her dolls and discovers it has been defaced by David. Enraged, she attacks David, but then falls and hits her head. When she comes to, she discovers that she has telekinetic powers. At first she thinks of how her newfound powers could benefit humankind . But she first decides that she will take revenge on her brother and tame his bedhead. Overwhelmed by her powers, but still unable to smooth David\'s unruly hair, she drags the boy behind her bicycle, and in the process hits her head again. She wakes up in a hospital and decides that she will never abuse her powers again, but as far as David knows, she will continue to be a threat.'] ["George Kuffs  is an irresponsible 21-year-old high school dropout who walks out on his pregnant girlfriend Maya Carlton  and tries to borrow money from his older brother Brad  in San Francisco. Brad is the owner of a Patrol Special police franchise, a civilian auxiliary police force. During George's visit, Brad is killed. The killer, a man named Kane , whom George sees fleeing the scene, was set free due to lack of evidence. Turning down a buyout by a local businessman Sam Jones, George takes over Brad's patrol franchise to seek revenge. But first George has to earn respect from the patrol members, and at first all of them want him out. But with the help of Ted Bukovsky , a police liaison, he uncovers an illicit scheme led by Sam Jones involving $50 million of stolen paintings, a case Brad was just about to break when he was killed. Apparently, Jones and Kane were best friends who were planning to corrupt their way to power in the city. George decides to stick around and complete the work his brother started."] ["The Cowboy Way follows two championship rodeo stars and lifelong best friends, Pepper Lewis  and Sonny Gilstrap  as they travel from New Mexico to New York in search of their missing friend, Nacho Salazar, who came to the city to pay for his daughter's trip to the U.S. from Cuba. When they discover that he's been murdered, the pair set out to find the killer."] ["Srinivas  is very popular in his village as Dubai Seenu. He has dreams of going to Dubai to earn lots of money. However, Seenu and his friends reach Mumbai get cheated by a fraudster ([[Venu Madhav . After realising that they were cheated, they start a Pav Bhaji centre with the help of Patnaik . He is also a fraudster. Madhumati , who was working as a Radio Jockey goes to Mumbai in search of her brother. Seenu meets Madhu in a local train and loses his heart. Luckily she surfaces right before his Pav Bhaji centre. Seenu dares to propose his love, but Madhu does not reply and disappears. While Seenu was in search of Madhu, he meets Chakri . In fact, Seenu helps Chakri who loved Puja  and got them married. Chakri and Puja promise Seenu to help him to go to Dubai. They make all arrangements. They too plan to return to Hyderabad to repay the loan borrowed by Chakri's father for his education. Just before leaving the office, Chakri finds that their boss is none other than Jinna Bhai  the most wanted mafia don in India. Finding that Chakri recognised him, Jinna and his brother  kill both of them right before Seenu. Minutes before his death, Chakri reveals that Madhu was his sister. Seenu returns to Hyderabad.he also meets madhumathi and pays off her debt.when she asks how he got the money he reveals that it's her brother's money. Madhumathi's uncle  also wants to marry her. In the end, Seenu kills Jinna and his people and marries Madhumathi."] ["Paul Blart ([[Kevin James  is a mild-mannered, overweight man who takes his job as a security guard at the fictional West Orange Pavilion Mall in West Orange, New Jersey very seriously. Blart lives with his elderly mother, Margaret  and daughter, Maya , and dreams of being able to join the New Jersey State Police, but he always fails his entrance test due to his hypoglycemia. While on patrol at work daily, Blart notices a new wig kiosk and its vendor, Amy Anderson  and is instantly attracted to her. Back at base, Blart has to take his trainee, Veck Simms  out on patrol. At the end of his shift, Blart becomes acquainted with Amy and escorts her to her yellow Ford Mustang convertible. Amy invites Blart to join her and others at a party in the mall later that evening, and Blart accepts and attends the event. During the event, Blart gets extremely drunk after drinking too much margarita during a nacho-eating contest with his equally overweight friend, Leon , crashes the party, and eventually falls through the mall's window. On Thanksgiving, Blart feels as though he embarrassed Amy and that she doesn't like him anymore. Maya attempts to cheer him up. On Black Friday at the mall, Amy and the rest of Blart's friends are in the bank to cash their paychecks. While the crowd is filing out, a gang of criminals suddenly break through the service entrance and take over the mall with Blart being distracted by playing Rock Band in the arcade zone. The criminals clear the entire mall, placing motion sensors along every entrance and exit doors, and kidnap Amy and the rest of Blart's friends and holds them hostage inside the bank. Veck is revealed to be a double agent and the ringleader of the hijackers, and plans to use the credit card codes from all the stores in the mall to steal $30 million and fly to the Cayman Islands to take the hostages with him at gunpoint. As Blart leaves the arcade, he notices that the entire mall has been taken over and calls the police, who later show up outside the front entrance of the mall. Sergeant Howard  instructs Blart to leave the mall immediately, but when Blart unknowingly sees Amy's car in the parking lot, he realizes that Amy is still inside as a hostage, and decides to rescue her and the rest of his friends. A state SWAT team soon arrives and Commander James Kent , a classmate and bully from Blart's high school, takes control of the situation. Meanwhile, Blart is vastly outnumbered and physically outclassed, but fights against the gang members through improvised measures. Maya shows up at the mall to bring Blart his dinner, but Veck's henchmen kidnap her and holds her hostage as well. After Blart detains all of Veck's underlings, he attempt to extract the hostages by pulling them up via the airvent, but fails after Leon cannot fit, and when Veck enters the room, Blart is captured. Veck demands the credit card codes and forced Blart to give them up. Veck escapes with the codes and takes Amy and Maya with him at gunpoint. As policemen swarm the entire mall to apprehend the criminals and rescue the hostages, Blart steals the mall's display minivan and joins Kent in pursuing Veck to the airport, where Veck attempt to escape in a Cessna Citation III business jet along with Amy and Maya. After a brief fight, Blart overpowers and handcuffs Veck, but Kent pulls his gun on Blart by revealing himself as a mole in the SWAT team and had worked with Veck for the whole time. Kent demands Blart to give him the phone containing the codes, but Blart refuses and smashes it on the ground. Before Kent can kill Blart, Chief Brooks , who had stayed at the mall with the other policemen throughout the standoff, shot Kent in his arm; the police arrive at the airport, where they finally arrest Kent and rescue Amy and Maya. The next day, Blart gives Amy a birthday card and kisses her. Although Sergeant Howard offers Blart his job with the New Jersey State Police, Blart decides that his place is protecting the people at the mall with Amy and the rest of his friends. A final scene during the closing credits finds Blart and Amy getting married in the mall and riding a Segway PT together."] ["Five-thousand years ago, Pharaoh Atem killed and imprisoned Anubis after he tried to destroy the world using the forbidden Shadow Games. In the present day, Anubis' tomb is uncovered by archaeologists, complete with his most valuable treasure, the Pyramid of Light. At the same time, Yugi Mutou completes Atem's Millennium Puzzle, causing Anubis to awaken from his eternal slumber and begin his return from the dead. Sharing his body with Atem's soul under the alias of Yami Yugi, Yugi goes on to become the King of Games, the world's greatest player of the trading card game Duel Monsters, by defeating his rival Seto Kaiba and obtaining the three powerful Egyptian God cards. Desperate to defeat Yugi, Kaiba turns to Maximillion Pegasus, creator of Duel Monsters, to gain any new cards designed to defeat the God cards. Kaiba and Pegasus duel with Kaiba winning and taking two cards, although Pegasus claims he only created one. Yugi and Téa Gardner go to the local museum where Anubis' corpse and the Pyramid of Light are on display, meeting up with Yugi's Grandpa Solomon, who reads a prophecy describing a clairvoyant eye which will prevent the world's destruction if blinded. Anubis' spirit attacks the group with Yugi having a vision of the Lord of the Dead manipulating Kaiba and him a Shadow Game deathmatch. He awakens to find Anubis and the Pyramid of Light missing, and races to warn Kaiba, taken to his duel dome by Kaiba's little brother Mokuba with friends Joey Wheeler and Tristan Taylor in pursuit. Kaiba arrogantly and ignorantly forces Yami Yugi into a duel, unaware that Anubis is manipulating him into using one of the two new cards, Pyramid of Light, which covers the field in a huge replica of the actual pyramid and destroys the God Cards. Yugi, Joey and Tristan are sucked into the pyramid whilst Mokuba flees the crumbling building. Yugi, Joey and Tristan awaken within the Millennium Puzzle, finding Anubis' tomb within. The regenerating sorcerer reveals that his monsters will destroy the modern world. Yami Yugi and Kaiba continue their duel, each blow to their in-game Life Points actually draining away their physical energy. Kaiba uses the second new card, the Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon, to destroy Yami's last monster and dropping his Life Points to near 0. Téa, Solomon, and Mokuba escape the collapsing dome in Pegasus' helicopter, Pegasus having figured out what is going on. Téa's soul is sent into the Millennium Puzzle to aid Yugi, Joey and Tristan. Yugi finds the Dagger of Fate within Anubis' tomb, and uses it to destroy the all-seeing eye in the tomb as per the prophecy. Anubis materializes behind Kaiba as he tries to alter the duel's path, casting him aside and taking command of the duel. Yami, reunited with Yugi, destroys the Pyramid of Light card with the Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon and then uses Kaiba's planned strategy to summon the God Cards and end the duel by destroying Anubis. However, Anubis rises again as a demonic beast and transforms the Duel Monsters cards into real creatures. This proves to be his undoing when Yugi and Yami summon the Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon to destroy Anubis. Kaiba departs promising to defeat Yugi, Yugi thanking Yami and his friends for their help and companionship."] ['Sergeant Joe Gavilan  is a financially strapped LAPD homicide detective who for several years has been moonlighting as a real estate broker. His partner is K.C. Calden , a much younger officer who teaches yoga on the side and wants to be an actor. The duo is assigned to investigate the murders of four men, members of a rap group called H2OClick who were gunned down in a nightclub by two unidentified assailants. While investigating, the detectives discover there had been a witness who escaped unnoticed. Gavilan is distracted by a looming real estate deal that may be the key to getting out of debt, while Calden pursues his acting dreams by trying to attract talent agents. Unknown to the detectives, Antoine Sartain , the manager of H2OClick, has his head of security eliminate the two hitmen they had hired to carry out the murders of H2OClick. Gavilan and Calden initially had believed the murders to be gang-related, but Gavilan sees the bodies of the hitmen at the morgue and concludes they were killed by someone else. Gavilan learns from an undercover officer  posing as a prostitute that the songwriter for H2OClick, a man named K-Roc, has gone missing. Gavilan believes he is the murder witness. It proves difficult to track down K-Roc when they cannot determine his real name. K-Roc is later revealed to be Oliver Robideaux, the son of Olivia Robideaux , a former Motown singer. The arrival of Lieutenant Bennie "The Executioner" Macko  from Internal Affairs at headquarters unnerves Gavilan -— they have a bad history ever since Gavilan proved him wrong on a case years ago. Gavilan\'s love interest, a psychic named Ruby , used to date Macko, who is intent on taking away both Gavilan and Calden\'s badges, going so far as to try to frame the two for corruption. Gavilan and Calden form a closer bond. Calden reveals that his father Danny Calden, also a cop, had been mysteriously gunned down during a sting operation gone wrong. The elder Calden\'s partner at the time, Leroy Wasley, was implicated in the murder, but later released on lack of evidence. K-Roc is tracked to his home, where Olivia Robideaux professes her son\'s innocence and claims Antoine Sartain, the manager of the group, was the real culprit. Sartain had been embezzling money from H2OClick, whose members found out and threatened to hire lawyers to nullify their contracts. Sartain hired the hitmen as a "lesson" to all clients of his record label. It also turns out that Sartain\'s head of security is none other than Leroy Wasley, and that Macko was in cahoots with him, as well. The detectives prepare to arrest Sartain and Wasley, but cannot locate them. Gavilan enlists the help of Ruby, who, after a brief meditating session, leads him and Calden to a Beverly Hills clothing store. Sartain and his men, including Wasley, happen to drive by the store, so Gavilan and Calden follow in a wild car chase through the streets of Los Angeles. After a crash, and subsequent shootout in front of Grauman\'s Chinese Theatre, Gavilan catches up with Sartain, while Calden pursues Wasley. During a struggle, Gavilan manages to throw Sartain off the top of a building, killing him. Meanwhile, Calden traps Wasley in an alley, and Wasley draws a gun on Calden. Wasley admits to killing the detective\'s father. Calden utilizes his acting skills to beg and plead for Wasley to spare him, which distracts Wasley enough, just as he is about the pull the trigger, for Calden to knock the gun away and wound Wasley with his duty weapon. Overcoming his desire to kill the man who murdered his father, Calden arrests him. Gavilan and Calden reunite as LAPD officers swarm the scene in the background. Macko appears and calls for the arrests of the two officers, but Macko is arrested for his association with Wasley and Sartain. The case over, Gavilan and Ruby  attend a production of A Streetcar Named Desire, in which Calden is furthering his acting ambitions by playing Stanley Kowalski. It is implied that Gavilan has successfully brokered the real estate deal. Cops to the end, though, both receive calls from headquarters, causing them to leave after the play.'] ["It is the Ming Dynasty and bonfires burn in a moonlit wasteland. Yehe Changgong duels with Manchu warrior Nalan but purposely loses and relinquishes his title of Supreme Master of Martial Arts. He retires to the sleepy Sideroad Town, nestled in the shadow of the Imperial City, where he intends to see out the rest of his days peacefully, playing his erhu. Mingyue Xin catches his eye and they begin a musical duel, half seduction, and half stand-off. They agree to meet on the roof of the Royal Palace at the next full moon to finish their sonata. However, their night time rendezvous coincides with a break-in at the Palace by three masked thieves hoping to steal a rumoured treasure map. However, they are beaten to the punch by Xin, a ninja in disguise, who they pursue across the rooftops before cornering her at Lanruo Temple. Changgong pursues them and saves Xin from the clutches of the thieves. In the scuffle, the map is lost and with all five participants injured, they have no choice but to limp off their separate ways until they can track it down. Cut to five years later and the treasure-seeking warriors have come no closer to finding their prize, but have each assumed the disguise of a normal villager. Changgong and Xin run a restaurant - the Dragon Inn - with their adopted daughter Xiaowei, while the three thieves pass themselves off as a shopkeeper, singer and monk. They're all under the thumb of the young landowner, Lord Xu, a spoilt rich kid with a soft spot for Xiaowei. He struggles to gain the respect of the villagers and to collect their rent, until he lets obliviously slip that he is the custodian of the treasure map. Later mayor Gu Yuejin accidentally sends a pigeon about the treasure in the Imperial City. Loads of army come including the second army, led by Nalan. Xin, Xiaowei and Xu follow the treasure to claim the treasure while Changgong and Nalan engage in another duel. All five of them later encountered the treasure which turns out to be a spade. Nalan throws the spade away but later falls on him, killing him. The film ends with a party of all the citizens of the Sideroad Town."] ['Chi Mo Sai  meets Wong  in Auntie Fei\'s  cafe and learns that Wong has a photographic memory. He decides to exploit this by teaching him how to play Mahjong, but Fei, Wong\'s boss, strongly objects. Despite Fei\'s objections, Wong learns Mahjong from compulsive gambler Chi Mo Sai. He impresses triad boss Tin Kau Ko , but falls in love with Tin\'s mistress  and is beaten by his men. Wong goes crazy. Luckily, Fei cures him using Mahjong. Fei wants Wong to beat Tin in the climatic "King of Mahjong" competition. It is the only 2005 film to boast of having a sequel made in 2005. The budget of the first two films are considerably much smaller than Kung Fu Hustle.'] ['Lorna Cole is pregnant with LAPD sergeant Martin Riggs\' baby; they are not married, but both are thinking about it. Police sergeant Roger Murtaugh\'s daughter Rianne is also pregnant, and Riggs later learns from Lorna that Rianne has secretly married Lee Butters , a young detective who works at the same precinct as Murtaugh and Riggs – secretly because Roger had made it clear that his daughter should not marry a police officer. Riggs, Murtaugh, and Butters – with some assistance from Leo Getz , who is now a private detective – investigate a Chinese immigrant smuggling ring after they come across a vessel with a cargo hold of Chinese slave laborers; in the course of these events Murtaugh\'s boat is sunk. Murtaugh finds a dinghy alongside with a Chinese family whom he provides shelter for at his house, claiming to be "freeing slaves." Information about a crime boss named Benny Chan , a.k.a. "Uncle Benny," leads them to Chinatown, where they are introduced to a high-ranking Triad negotiator named Wah Sing Ku . Benny forces the three cops out of the restaurant without providing information on what his and the Triads\' plans are. Outside, the cops encounter the captain of the ship and chase him and another suspect. The other suspect turns out to be a restaurant waiter and is freed. Ku later kills the captain for letting the cops know about their secret plans. Riggs and Murtaugh hire Leo to follow Benny around, but after Hong, the father of the Chinese family Murtaugh rescued, contacts his uncle, they come home to find Ku and his men holding Lorna and Murtaugh\'s family hostage and that Hong and his family are taken away. After a brief fight, the house is set on fire with everyone tied up inside. Ping, one of the Hong children, however, frees them, having eluded captivity. Murtaugh and Riggs chase down two of the triad members down a freeway, but both men are killed in collision with traffic without giving any information on the Hongs\' whereabouts. Ku and the other men visit a Chinese-based holding cell being run by a corrupt Chinese general, who is holding four Triad overlords known as the "Four Fathers," one of whom is Ku\'s brother, and demanding a huge payoff from the Triads for their release. After Riggs and Murtaugh return to Murtaugh\'s home, Leo informs them and Butters that Benny is seeing his dentist, and using Leo to distract the dentist, the three cops use nitrous oxide to extract information from Benny. Riggs inadvertently reveals that Butters is Rianne\'s husband and the father of her baby. Because they had accidentally exposed themselves to the laughing gas as well, they misunderstood the information Benny provided them, which initially leads to some complications in their investigation. Ku brings the Hongs to the Triads\' hideout, where it is revealed that the Triads plan to give the corrupt general counterfeit Chinese money for the Four Fathers\' release. The captive artist working on the printing plates is the elder uncle to Hong and agreed to do the job in exchange for his family\'s safe passage to the United States. Ku kills Hong in order to secure his uncle\'s cooperation. With the printing plates completed, he and Benny are also killed for exposing the operation and to protect the forgery. Detective Ng, who is familiar with Chinese society, corrects Murtaugh and the other officers on the information Benny provided earlier and explains why the Triads torched Murtaugh\'s home. After Riggs picks up Ping and Lorna, the officers locate the hideout, but find only the dead and some of the counterfeit Chinese money inside. Ng once again helps them piece the entire operation together. At the meeting between Ku and the corrupt general, Riggs, Murtaugh, Butters and other detectives expose the counterfeit money; as a result the general kills three of the Four Fathers. Ku\'s henchmen kill the general, and a firefight breaks out between the cops, the Triads and the general\'s private army. Butters is shot in the back while protecting Murtaugh and Murtaugh kills Ku\'s brother while aiming for Ku. In revenge, Ku tries to kill Riggs and Murtaugh on a pier. Murtaugh is knocked out after impaling Ku on a piece of rebar while Riggs and Ku fall into the water when the pier collapses. Riggs struggles with Ku underwater and shoots him to death with an AK-47, but a slab of concrete from the pier falls and pins Riggs underwater until Murtaugh wakes up, jumps in, and saves him. Riggs visits his dead wife\'s grave and asks her for advice about his impending marriage with Lorna, about which he still has doubts. He is interrupted by the arrival of Leo, who tells a story from his childhood that makes Riggs see the idea of remarrying in a new light. Riggs\' pager goes off, indicating that Lorna is giving birth, and the two rush to the hospital. Riggs and Lorna are ceremonially married by a rabbi just before their and Rianne\'s babies are born, Murtaugh accepts Butters as his son-in-law, Riggs and Murtaugh are given their rank of Sergeant back and Hong\'s family is granted asylum.'] ["The story follows three pairs of characters, all of whom are fleeing an illegal Thai boxing match. The first characters shown are two restaurant workers. One persuades the other to take part in the boxing match, in place of an absent boxer. Although the bout was rigged to end in his defeat in the second round, he knocks his opponent out within seconds of the start. The pair are soon involved in a high-speech car chase with angered members of the yakuza. The second pair of characters are two young businessmen who choose to eat at the restaurant where the boxing match is takes place, unaware of its yakuza connections. They flee the after a police raid and are involved in a high-speed car-chase with a patrol car. The third pair of characters are in need of money to pay for damage they caused to a yakuza's expensive car. They attend the bout to steal the takings but one of them is shot and his friend drives him around in search of a hospital. The three cars containing the six main characters crash and the postscript shows them sometime later, apparently enjoying successful lives."] ['Harry Tasker  leads a double life, performing covert missions for the United States government under a counter-terrorism task force called "The Omega Sector". Albert "Gib" Gibson  and Faisil  assist him in these missions under the command of Spencer Trilby . However, Harry\'s wife, Helen , and his daughter, Dana , believe he is a boring computer salesman with Tektel Systems  doing a lot of "corporate" travel. Harry\'s latest mission in Switzerland reveals the existence of an Islamic terrorist organization group known as the Crimson Jihad, led by Salim Abu Aziz . Harry suspects that antiques dealer Juno Skinner  has ties to Aziz. After visiting her, Harry is chased by Aziz\'s men through the Georgetown Park shopping mall and a large hotel, meanwhile missing the birthday party that his wife and daughter have arranged for him. When Harry goes to Helen\'s office the next day to surprise her and take her to lunch, he overhears a conversation with her coworker about "Simon" , a man she is seeing, causing Harry to worry about their marriage. Using the Omega Sector\'s resources , he tracks down Simon, who turns out to be a used car salesman posing as a spy to seduce Helen. Helen is kidnapped by Harry\'s agency from Simon\'s trailer and left in a bare concrete interrogation room with a one way mirror. Harry questions her using a voice distorter about her relationship with "Simon" and about their marriage. She says that she wanted to have adventure in her life for once since Harry never gave her that. Harry realizes his cover as a boring salesman was too convincing. He decides to spice up Helen\'s life to make her happy by giving her a choice: go on a "mission" or be sent to prison. She chooses the mission: to pose as a prostitute and plant a bug on the phone of an arms dealer. Before she has a chance to plant the bug, Harry  insists that she dances for him. The sham is interrupted by Aziz\'s men who burst into the room, taking both of them hostage, and subsequently flying them to the terrorist hideout somewhere in the Florida Keys. Aziz reveals he possesses small nuclear warheads hidden inside antique statues shipped by Juno and plans to detonate one to demonstrate his power to the United States. Harry reveals his secret double life, much to Helen\'s shock, when the terrorists threaten Helen\'s life. Harry then escapes, frees Helen and attacks the camp, trying to stop the planned detonation. While fighting Aziz\'s troops, Harry appears to die in an explosion. Helen is recaptured and is taken by Aziz, Juno, and the terrorists as they escape the island before a nuclear warhead is set to detonate and wipe out their camp and any evidence. Gib locates and rescues Harry using the GPS device in Helen\'s purse. Two U.S. Marine AV-8B Harrier jets are brought in to attack Aziz\'s convoy as they travel the Overseas Highway and Harry is able to rescue Helen just as the limo she was in falls off the bridge which was destroyed by the Harriers killing Juno, but Aziz evades capture. Harry soon learns that Aziz has kidnapped their daughter, Dana, and with the remaining terrorists has taken over the top floor of an under-construction office building in downtown Miami. Harry commandeers a Harrier to rescue his daughter and stop them from detonating the remaining nuclear warhead. Dana steals the arming key—and pursued by Aziz—climbs up onto a crane at the top of the building. Harry eliminates a few of the terrorists with the Harrier\'s machine guns while the rest decide to escape by helicopter. Harry sees Dana climbing the rigging and persuades her into jumping onto the Harrier. Aziz follows Dana and attacks Harry while he tries to pull his daughter to safety. Aziz falls off the jet, but gets his backpack caught on an AIM-9 Sidewinder missile which Harry shoots at the terrorists\' hovering helicopter, with Aziz still attached, killing them all. A year later, the Tasker family is having dinner together. A phone call reveals that Helen now also works for Omega Sector. Harry and Helen then embark on a new mission together, where they meet "Simon" again.'] ['Big Enos Burdett ([[Pat McCormick  is attempting to be elected as Governor of Texas against other candidate, John Coen . After a figurative and literal "mudslinging" between the two, they are both confronted by the outgoing governor, and given a thorough tongue lashing. As Burdett is leaving the office he overhears the governor yelling at an assistant to take responsibility of transporting a crate of unknown content from Miami to the Republican Party convention in Dallas. Burdett then schemes to pick up the crate and deliver it to the convention. He enlists the help of Bandit  and Cledus  to carry out the task. Cledus then attempts to convince the Bandit to "do it one last time." Unfortunately, in the time since their previous challenge, the Bandit has split from his love-interest "Frog"  and become an alcoholic. The Bandit is said to be "the only man in the world to drink up a Trans Am,". Cledus seeks the help of Frog to encourage the Bandit to sober up and regain his fitness, since Big Enos has raised the stakes of the game to $400,000, equal to ${{Inflation}} today. Frog abandons her second attempt at wedding Buford T. Justice\'s  son Junior ([[Mike Henry  to help. She is initially persuaded more by the money than her love for Bandit. She buys him a 1980 Turbo Trans Am "Son of Trigger", powered by the Turbo 301, by trading in Junior\'s car. The middle sections of the film feature a race across the United States as the trio once again tries to outrun and outwit Justice and Junior. The team discovers that their cargo is in quarantine for three weeks, and they need to get it to Dallas in three days. When they break into the quarantine area to steal the crate, the mysterious cargo turns out to be an elephant  who they named Charlotte after Snowman remarked that she reminded him of his Aunt Charlotte and even smelled like her, too. When Cledus opens the crate containing the elephant, Charlotte races out, nearly trampling Frog. The Bandit saves the day by doing a backflip onto the elephant\'s back and riding the elephant out of the quarantine shed. Noticing a splinter was stuck in her foot, the Bandit removes it, and the elephant takes a shine to Bandit. On their way to Dallas, Cledus fears Charlotte is in poor health. They find an Italian gynaecologist  in the back of an ambulance stopped at the same gas station as they are. When the gynecologist discovers it is an elephant he has to look at, he freaks out and nearly runs away. As the doctor attempts to refuse helping them, he sees his driver speed away in the ambulance, leaving him stranded. After the Bandit and Cledus bribe him with large amounts of money, he gives in and agrees to ride in the truck with the elephant and examine her. Charlotte is later discovered to be pregnant. As they try to make Burdett\'s deadline, the doctor pleads with the Bandit for some time off the road so Charlotte can rest off of her feet. He reluctantly gives in twice, the first time wrapped up by Charlotte, the second time agrees on his own, Frog citing Bandit\'s desire to regain his lost fame of the past. She grows closer to him as she did in the past film. While at a restaurant, she sees him scribbling on a napkin a picture of Charlotte cradled by suspended netting in order to keep her off of her feet. She becomes furious and leaves. The Bandit follows and she says he does not care about the elephant and when he likes himself again would she then consider seeing him again. He later makes his drawing a reality, in a near drunken stupor. The doctor agrees the idea will work and agrees to press on. Unable to stop the Bandit and Cledus, Justice enlists the help of his two brothers, Reginald Van Justice from Canada, and Gaylord Justice, from another part of Texas . Justice lures the Bandit into a valley, with a line of Mounties  on one hill side, Texas Rangers, in white cars, on the other. Bandit orders Cledus to continue delivering Charlotte to Dallas. Cledus later returns, with a convoy of trucks to help destroy all of the police cars. Charlotte and the doctor watch the action from afar. After the mass destruction of police cars, only Buford, Gaylord, and Reginald come out relatively unscathed. Bandit and Cledus escape the valley by driving across a bridge of tractor trailers. As the Justice\'s follow, a trailer pulls out resulting in their cars falling down and being destroyed. However, Buford\'s car is still operable, though folded up in the middle and missing its doors and roof. Justice and Junior are cut off by a farm tractor, and they drive off the road, hitting an embankment by a pond, throwing Junior into the pond. When asked what he was thinking about, Buford simply says, "Retiring." Eventually, Bandit informs Frog he likes himself again, and that he did not want to spend the rest of his life without her. When she asks about Burdett\'s bet, he informs her he blew it, and said they could still get there nonetheless . He shows her Charlotte and her baby in circus-like chariots. Frog is overjoyed. Bandit asks Charlotte if it is fine to marry Frog, to which Charlotte responds loudly. They drive away with Charlotte and her baby in tow, with Buford pursuing them in a bus.'] ['The plot follows Art Chew\'s  quest to retrieve the ancient peach. The movie starts with Art Chew traveling to America, as well as showing Art\'s training at the Shur-li temple , showing many kung-fu clichés such as grabbing the pebble from the masters hand , fighting on trees in this case small potted palms and "listing" for elements . After the montage is shown Art meets up with his cousin Wayman  a Chinese adult who tries to act American so he isn\'t embarrassed by stereotypes and foster cousin Roy Lee, an African American who sincerely believes he is a reincarnation of Bruce Lee. Not long after Art arrives, Helen Hu, an MSG  dealing  restaurant owner forces Art\'s stereotypical uncle into buying more MSG, Art intervenes and tries to fight Helen\'s muscle, the overweight and strong One Ton , the wise cracking "brains" of the outfit Lo Fat and the Kung-Fu fighter Non Fat. After blocking One Ton\'s attack, Art reels to attack showing a smiley face on his arm which Lo Fat points out as a symbol of a Shur-li monk and they run away. Art talks to his uncle and asks where the Ancient peach is and is told that it is in Helen Hu\'s restaurant  that Art uncle sold to her a few years ago. Art, Wayman and Roy Lee go to Helen\'s restaurant and are taken to her by a waiter that is badly dubbed because "This is how all Hong Kong actors talk". Helen claims to know nothing about the peach and gets One Ton to escort Art and Friends to leave on the way out Roy Lee tries to kick Non Fat but misses and breaks a hole in the wall. After Art and crew are thrown out Lo Fat notices a glowing coming out of the hole in the wall and looks in and finds the ancient peach. Events lead to the peach being swapped around a couple of times and a romantic interest Sue Shi  who is later revealed to be an agent of the Shur-li temple.'] ['Having lost the first Cannonball Run race, Sheik Abdul ben Falafel  is ordered by his father  to go back to America and win another Cannonball Run in order to "emblazon the Falafel name as the fastest in the world." When Sheik Abdul points out that there is no Cannonball Run that year, his father simply tells him to "buy one." To make sure his ulcer does not prevent him from winning, the Sheik hires Doctor Nikolas Van Helsing , who teamed with JJ  and Victor  in the first race as his in-car physician. He brings along a blond-haired servant , who receives numerous slaps in the face from both the sheik and his father. Most of the participants from the first race are lured back, including JJ and Victor, who have taken jobs working with a flying stunt crew. In a subplot, Blake  and Fenderbaum  are in financial trouble with Don Don Canneloni , who in turn is in financial trouble with mob enforcer Hymie Kaplan . After the Sheik manages to bail out Blake and Fenderbaum by handing one of Don Don\'s thugs a stack of cash, Don Don hatches a plot to kidnap the Sheik in an attempt to extort money from him. The race begins with JJ and Victor dressed as a US Army general and his private driver. They catch the attention of Betty  and Veronica , who are dressed as nuns for a musical, but willing to hitch a ride with JJ and Victor when they think the guys could become overnight millionaires. They do not lose their habits until later. Don Don\'s enforcers continue to blunder one plan after another, with predictably slapstick results. The racers band together to invade the bordello. JJ, Victor, and Fenderbaum infiltrate it in drag, dressed as belly dancers. Others barrel in by car and rescue the Sheik, who is reluctant to leave since he has his pick of women there. In the end, the Sheik bankrolls Don Don\'s bordello and then declares that he is upping the stakes to $2 million for the winner. All jump into their vehicles and make a dash for the finish line and avoiding some traffic patrollers on the way. The Sheik, as it turns out, loses yet again , but convinces his father that he will win the return-trip race, having hired the winner of this one. It turns out to be an orangutan with a penchant for destructive behavior and giving elderly ladies the middle finger.'] ['Phil and Claire Foster  are a married couple from New Jersey with two children and whose domestic life has become boring and routine. Phil is a tax lawyer while Claire is a realtor. They are motivated to reignite their romance after learning that their best friends, Brad and Haley , are planning to divorce to escape the married-life routine and to have more excitement in their lives. To avoid the routine that had become their weekly "date night", Phil decides that he will take Claire to a trendy Manhattan restaurant called "Claw", but they cannot get a table. Phil steals a reservation from a no-show couple, the Tripplehorns, despite Claire\'s misgivings. While eating they are approached by two men, Collins ([[Common  and Armstrong , who question them about a flash drive they believe Phil and Claire stole from mobster Joe Miletto . Phil and Claire try to explain that they are not the Tripplehorns, but the men threaten them at gunpoint. Not seeing any other way out, Phil tells them the flash drive is in a boathouse in Central Park. At the boathouse, Claire pretends to search; while Collins and Armstrong\'s backs are turned, Phil hits them with an oar and escapes with Claire on a boat, Collins and Armstrong shooting at them. At a police station, Phil and Claire talk with Detective Arroyo , but discover Collins and Armstrong are also detectives, presumably on Miletto\'s payroll. Realizing they cannot trust the police, they decide to find the real Tripplehorns. They return to the restaurant and find the Tripplehorns\' phone number. Claire remembers a former client, Holbrooke Grant , is a security expert and James Bond-like action hero. He seems to never wear shirts and is sleeping with a gorgeous Israeli woman . At his apartment, Grant traces the Tripplehorns\' cell phone signal to an apartment owned by a Tom Felton. Collins and Armstrong arrive, but Phil and Claire escape in Grant\'s Audi R8. They arrive at Felton\'s apartment and break in. They question Felton, nicknamed "Taste" , and his wife "Whippit"  about the flash drive and Joe Miletto. It turns out that Taste and Whippit did go to the restaurant but left as soon as they spotted Collins and Armstrong outside. Realizing they are still in danger, Taste gives the flash drive to Phil and flees with Whippit. When Phil and Claire get back in the Audi, Armstrong and Collins chase and shoot at them. Phil and Claire crash the Audi head-on into a Ford Crown Victoria taxicab, resulting in their Audi and the cab being attached at the bumpers. Both windshields are shot out, so Phil and the cab driver  agree to drive off under the Audi\'s power to get away. Phil climbs into the cab to help control it  while Claire drives the Audi, Collins and Armstrong still pursuing along with other NYPD vehicles. Phil checks the flash drive on the cab driver\'s Amazon Kindle and finds pictures of district attorney Frank Crenshaw  with prostitutes . After evading Collins and Armstrong, they are eventually hit, and are separated by, an SUV. Phil realizes that the cab\'s brakes have failed so the cab driver  jumps free and Phil rides the car into the river; Phil swims away and later says the flash drive stayed in the river. On a subway train, Phil learns that Felton had obtained the flash drive to blackmail Crenshaw on behalf of Miletto. They return to Grant\'s apartment, and Grant reluctantly agrees to help them again. Phil and Claire go to an illegal strip club that Crenshaw frequents, with Claire under the guise of a new prostitute and Phil as her pimp. After doing a pole dance for Crenshaw, they confront him and tell him they are the Tripplehorns. Collins and Armstrong come in and hold them at gunpoint, taking them up to the roof with Crenshaw. Miletto arrives with henchmen and it is revealed that Crenshaw has been paid by Miletto to keep him out of jail. When Phil mentions the photos, a fight escalates between the mobsters and Crenshaw, Collins and Armstrong. Phil asks Claire to count to three, her typical method of calming their children. When she does, a helicopter appears and Arroyo and the SWAT team come onto the roof to arrest Miletto, Crenshaw, and everyone else. It is revealed that Phil was wearing a wire courtesy of Grant, who had informed Arroyo of the situation. Afterwards, Phil and Claire have breakfast at a diner, where Phil says he would marry Claire and have their kids all over again. When they return home, they make love on the front lawn.'] ['The film begins with a back story of how black culture\'s popularity with the American public began to decline in the 1980s, when style and originality began to lose appeal in the public eye due to the persistent efforts of "The Man" , a powerful Caucasian man in control of a secret organization that seeks to undermine the African-American community as well as the cultures of other minorities. As the freelancing protector of the black community, Undercover Brother  fights this organization\'s efforts to subdue the spread of black culture. In addition to the endeavors of Undercover Brother, an organization known as the B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D. battles The Man to ensure the continuance of black culture. Sistah Girl , a female agent of the B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D., infiltrates a company owned by "The Man" in order to obtain valuable data that will let them stop The Man. At the same time, Undercover Brother breaks into the building. Before Sistah Girl can relay all of the data back to the B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D., Undercover Brother decommissions a computer unit, ending Sistah Girl\'s infiltration. As Undercover Brother escapes security with the help of Sistah Girl. After hearing Sistah Girl describe the incident in explanation of why she failed the mission, the B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D.\'s Chief , is left in bewilderment. The Man is infuriated that Gen. Warren Boutwell , a U.S. Army general based on Colin Powell, is considering running for president, and his lackey Mr. Feather  informs him of a mind control drug which The Man uses to make Boutwell abort his plans and instead open a fried chicken franchise. The B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D. is quick to determine that this sudden change of heart is the work of The Man and recruits Undercover Brother for assistance. He is introduced to Conspiracy Brother , Smart Brother , The Chief, and Lance , an intern who is the only white man in the organization due to affirmative action. The B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D. convinces Undercover Brother to go undercover in white culture as a new employee at a cigarette company owned by The Man. Through surveillance, Mr. Feather discovers Undercover Brother\'s identity as an infiltrator and deploys his secret weapon that he calls "Black Man\'s Kriptonite": White She-Devil . Posing as another new employee, she and Undercover Brother meet and start dating, and she begins to make him do stereotypical "white" things, such as buying corduroy and khaki clothes, singing karaoke and adopting a silly set of euphemisms. The Man continues to use his mind control drug, distributed in the General\'s fried chicken, to undermine black culture by infecting John Singleton and Jay-Z. Concerned with Undercover Brother\'s unusual behavior, Sistah Girl attacks White She-Devil and convinces Undercover Brother to return to the fight. They are pursued and cornered by White She-Devil and her henchmen, but after a fight with Sistah Girl she shoots her henchmen, having fallen in love with Undercover Brother. They return to the B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D., where Smart Brother questions White She-Devil about The Man and Lance is officially made part of the group when he declares his desire to abolish bigotry after watching Roots. The group heads to a major awards gala after they find out that James Brown is The Man\'s next target. Lance accompanies Brown as a bodyguard, but Mr. Feather gains control of their limousine and kidnaps him. Soon after, the group finds an antidote for the mind control drug. They go to The Man\'s base, following the signal of a transmitter placed on Brown. The group goes undercover as a Jamaican cleaning service to procure Brown and "The Candidate", a controlled black man that the organization will use to land a crushing blow to black culture. Mr. Feather receives a message from The Man himself stating that he will arrive on the island soon, and prepares to administer the drug to Brown and present him as a trophy to The Man. However, Brown starts to sing "Say It Loud - I\'m Black and I\'m Proud", forcing Mr. Feather to acknowledge his hidden blackness, and Brown then reveals himself as Undercover Brother in disguise. Mr. Feather sends his henchmen after the infiltrators, who discover the Candidate is Boutwell, and is ordered by Mr. Feather to kill Undercover Brother while he escapes. In the fighting, Conspiracy Brother accidentally begins the building\'s self-destruct sequence. The B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D. cure Boutwell and evacuate him from the building while Undercover Brother chases Mr. Feather. The Man\'s helicopter is in the air but turns to leave, The Man deciding Mr. Feather has failed him. Mr. Feather jumps onto the helicopter\'s landing gear as it flies away, and Undercover Brother uses his afro picks to impale Mr. Feather in the buttocks, causing him to fall into the water where he is eaten by a shark. However, The Man escapes and the building explodes, Undercover Brother survives by leaping off the building and using his wide pant legs as parachutes. He and Sistah Girl kiss and board the hovercraft and leave the island, the world at peace.'] ['Nicholas Angel , an extremely dedicated police officer in a London Police service, performs his duties so well that he is accused of making his colleagues look bad. As a result, his superiors transfer him to "crime-free" Sandford, a town in rural Gloucestershire. Once in Sandford, he immediately arrests a large group of under-age drinkers, and a drunk driver who turns out to be his partner, PC Danny Butterman , the son of local police inspector Frank Butterman . Danny, well-meaning but naive, is in awe of his new partner. Angel struggles to adjust to the slow, uneventful pace of the village. Despite clearing up several otherwise unnoticed crimes, including confiscating a naval mine and a number of unlicensed firearms, Angel soon finds his most pressing concern is an escaped swan. His attention to the letter of the law makes him the target of dislike and mockery by his co-workers. Angel and Butterman eventually bond over drinks at the local pub and action films such as Point Break and Bad Boys II. A series of gruesome deaths shock the town; Angel investigates, believing them to be murders. He attempts to arrest Simon Skinner , the manager of the local Somerfield supermarket, and member of Sandford\'s Neighbourhood Watch Alliance , under suspicion of murdering the victims due to their involvement in a lucrative property deal. Skinner is able to provide plausible explanations for all of Angel\'s charges, and a solid alibi. Disappointed and concerned that he has become paranoid, Angel returns to his routine policing with Danny. However, he overhears a shopkeeper inquire about the \'killers\'. He realizes that he was wrong in suspecting the murders to be the actions of one person. He takes his multiple-killer theory to Inspector Butterman, who asks him to sleep on it. When Angel returns to his hotel room he is attacked by a cloaked figure. He knocks the attacker unconscious, discovering it\'s Michael Armstrong , the trolley boy at Somerfield, sent by Skinner to kill Angel. Tipped off by Skinner on Michael\'s walkie-talkie, Angel heads to the nearby castle where he discovers the truth: Inspector Butterman and the NWA are obsessed with keeping Sandford\'s "Village of the Year" title, murdering anyone who they see as a threat to the village\'s image . The late Mrs Butterman had put everything into helping Sandford win the first "Village of the Year", but travellers ruined the park the night before the judges arrived, which drove her to committing suicide. While fleeing the mob, Angel discovers the bodies of various "problem" people whom the NWA had disposed of, but then Danny corners and stabs him. Having tricked the NWA into believing that Angel is dead , Danny drives him to the village limits and releases him, insisting that he knew nothing about their true activities. Danny urges Angel to go back to London, reasoning that no one would believe the truth about Sandford. At a motorway service station, Angel sees Point Break and Bad Boys II on a nearby DVD rack and is inspired to stop the NWA. He drives back to town and arms himself with the guns he confiscated earlier, and with Danny\'s help engages the NWA in an increasingly destructive series of gun fights, taking down most of them non-fatally. After persuading their colleagues of the truth, Angel and Danny take the battle to Somerfield: Skinner and Inspector Butterman flee, and are pursued by Angel and Danny  to the nearby model village. Angel fights Skinner one-on-one, until Skinner slips and impales his mouth on the spire of the miniature cathedral. Inspector Butterman attempts to escape in Angel\'s car, but crashes into a tree when the swan attacks him from the back seat. Angel\'s former superiors arrive from London, begging him to return as the crime rate has risen without him, but Angel chooses to remain in Sandford. Back at the police station, Tom Weaver , the last remaining member of the NWA, attempts to shoot Angel with an antique blunderbuss, but Danny dives in front of Angel and takes the shot. As Weaver tries to reload, Angel jumps and kicks him in the chest, causing him to fall onto the confiscated naval mine, triggering it and destroying the station. Angel tears through the rubble, distraught as he uncovers an unresponsive Danny. One year later, Inspector Angel lays flowers on a grave marked "Butterman"; it is revealed that Danny has survived and the grave is his mother\'s. Danny is now a sergeant and Angel the head of the Sandford Police Service, and the two head off to patrol Sandford.'] ['A white supremacist group is chasing Lou Ann , whose no-good husband Roy  is a member. She has inadvertently taken counterfeit money from them by running away with his car , which held the supremacists\' stash. Tommy Nowak  is a "skip-tracer"  whose speciality is dressing up in disguises, such as a rodeo clown, to fool whomever he is after. Tommy takes on the job of finding Lou Ann because she skipped bail. When he finally finds her in Reno, Nevada, Tommy slowly becomes enamored. Roy and his gang kidnap their baby, whom Lou Ann has left with her sister , so Tommy decides to help Lou Ann get the baby back instead of turning her in. While driving through the West, seeking the baby, romance blossoms. They eventually fight the evil supremacists and retrieve the baby.'] ['Planning to go away to Japan with Grandpa is not as easy as Samuel "Rocky" Douglas , Jeffrey "Colt" Douglas , and Michael "Tum Tum" Douglas  had hoped. After expressing their different views on how they want to spend their vacation, Mori  becomes concerned that his grandchildren are growing apart, both from himself and from each other. Tum-Tum seems to be the only one interested in traveling to Japan, and even then only hopes to go and watch Sumo wrestlers due to the amount of food they are able to consume every day, while Mori intends to return a dagger to the Grand Master at a martial arts tournament that he had won 50 years prior from a boy named Koga . Meanwhile, in Japan, a figure dressed in all black ninja attire sneaks into a museum. After defeating several guards, the mysterious figure makes off with a valuable sword and escapes via a hang glider into the night. In the U.S., a baseball game determines that the three ninjas are experiencing the pains of growing up. Colt has become impatient and very short-tempered, starting fights with several of the bigger bullies on the opposing team. Rocky is very easily distracted by the school hottie Lisa D. Marino , and Tum-Tum\'s self obsession with food breaks several plays, though not before a very flatulent batter breaks wind, causing the youngest of the Douglases to pass out. A huge in-game fight causes the umpire to call off the championship game, delaying it a week, driving a nail into Mori\'s plans to take his grandchildren to Japan as they wish to remain and finish the game. Enroute to the airport, a sticker falls off Tum-Tum\'s bag, and Sam picks up the wrong one, thinking it is Mori\'s bag. After Mori departs, the kids discover three intruders at Mori\'s house and fend off the property. Little do they realize that the trio is led by Koga\'s platinum rocker haired nephew, Glam  and his friends who were sent to steal the dagger from Mori. After a call from Mori that a fender bender put him into a hospital, the boys discover that Tum-Tum has Mori\'s bag with the dagger inside. They decide to, without their parents\' knowledge or permission, use a recording of their conversation with Mori to authorize plane tickets to Japan. Upon their arrival, they reveal to Mori that they have the dagger, and he instructs them to deliver it to the Grand Master. Disguised as nurses, Glam and his friends record their conversation and deliver it to Koga, who punishes them for not once but three times failing to deliver the dagger, before creating a plan to get it back. The boys attend the tournament, and Colt, dressed as a participant is not only painfully defeated, but by a girl named Miyo , a baseball enthusiast as well, but with no skill in the sport whatsoever. She offers the boys a place to stay and in return for training in baseball, she will teach them some of her martial arts skill. Rocky develops an attraction for Miyo, and puts aside his shame for having to use reading glasses as she has a pair of her own. The Grand Master pays a visit, but the boys and Miyo are suspicious when he speaks English to them, as he had previously been unable to and Miyo had to translate for him. As well as wearing a pair of black shoes whereas before he was barefoot. When Miyo discovers the deception, she warns the boys who find out that it is in fact Koga in disguise. He sends his henchmen after the children who soundly defeat most of the troop before they are themselves captured. At the same time, Mori is taken from the hospital after a botched attempt from Glam and his friends to secure him themselves. They are all reunited, and Koga threatens the boys\' lives unless Mori relinquishes his dagger. Mori agrees, and they travel to a hidden cave, which the sword and the dagger are keys to unlock the doorway to lead them to a legendary Cave of Gold. After escaping their captivity, Rocky, Colt, Tum-Tum and Miyo take hang gliders to catch up with Mori and Koga, arriving in the cave they battle and elude each of Koga\'s men. Mori and Koga discover the cave of Gold, and as Koga readies to shoot Mori, the children arrive, prompting Koga to instead try to kill all of them. Remembering training that Mori taught him about patience, Colt manages to throw a small ninja ball into the barrel of the gun, causing it to back-fire. The explosion causes the cave to begin to collapse and all six of them manage to escape the cave. After realizing what the greed had done to him, Koga throws the sword into the cave, closing the door forever. After Koga apologizes to Mori and the children for his behavior, Mori presents Miyo, the new champion of the martial arts tournament with the dagger as he was presented it 50 years ago. They then realize that they can make it back to the United States before the championship game. When they return, they overcome their flaws. Tum-Tum stopping two runs from scoring, despite the bean kids\' flatulence. Rocky throws a pitch, which is hit into the outfield, though a player who had been short-notice registered to the roster catches the ball, revealing that its Miyo. And using his training, Colt is able to hit a bases-loaded home run. After the game is won and over, the bullies attempt to confront Miyo in the parking lot, and despite Tum-Tum\'s warnings that "She\'s just a girl!" they try to fight her, only to be beaten up.'] ["Tex  is an American working at a carnival in Queensland. At the carnival he befriends a boxer, Alby  and they decide to travel together to Surfers Paradise on the Gold Coast. They hitch a ride with Arnold  but problems arise when Arnold makes unwanted advances towards Alby. Alby beats up Arnold and he and Tex flee with Arnold's suitcase and car. However, the case is full of cash and the car is stocked with marijuana. So it comes as no surprise that Arnold and his friends want them back. Tex and Alby later give a lift to a sixteen year old hitch-hiker, Lynn and try to pick up two women, Barbie and Susie. Tex gets thrown out of a night club and beaten up by a bouncer so Alby takes both girls to bed. Arnold sends thugs to get them so they end up hijacking a tourist bus. They escape and go off into the sunset with Lyn.High Rolling The Digital Fix. Retrieved on 8 June 2011"] ['{{Plot}} Max Grabelski ([[Daniel Stern  is involved with delivering packages to a millionaire named Reinhart Bragden  for a $50 tip for each one. He shows up one night, delivering one at 10 PM instead of 10 AM. Inside he finds a fire and Agent Palmer  tries to arrest him for starting it and killing Bragden, but he grabs a gun and escapes. On the news, Palmer falsely names Grabelski as the suspect in Bragden\'s murder. He also claims that he was trying to take money that was scheduled to be taken out of circulation. Grabelski then finds out from his boss that another package for Bragden is to be delivered to a place called Devil\'s Peak. He drives up there while, at the same time, Ranger Scout Troop 12 Scouts Gordy Patterson, Ralph, Dana Jareki, Barnhill, Milton Fishman, and Kelsey Jordan are planning an overnighter near there. He steals a car, drives to a gas station, and meets Scout Leader Jack Erickson , who was going to meet them there and whose Hummer he then steals at gunpoint when the gas station attendant figures out he is the wanted man. He switches places with Erickson, , gluing his hands and chin to the steering wheel, and takes his stolen station wagon. Grabelski heads to Devil\'s Peak but an officer informs him he is "late" for the troop. He is mistaken for the Scout Leader and finds himself in the midst of an overnighter. Police pull over the station wagon Erickson had taken and the police do not know he is the wrong person until they pull his glued hands, and chin from the steering wheel by force since he could not come out. FBI agents then swarm the base of Devil\'s Peak, as well as the scouts other terrified parents,  and Palmer and Erickson go after him and the troop . He begins acting weird around them, who see it as brilliance rather than crazy and they decide to scale the mountain rather than just have an overnighter. The troop then nickname him "Spider". He and the troop escape from Palmer and Erickson after the troop  accidentally urinate on them. They encounter a wooden bridge that is fragile in between two cliffs. Everyone manages to make it through the bridge, except Milton, who is afraid to go along and is stuck. Grabelski then cuts the bridge using an axe so that Palmer and Erickson can\'t go across. Palmer tries to shoot Grabelski down with a sniper rifle, but Erickson, who fears that Milton will fall off the bridge, stops him from shooting Grabelski. Grabelski threatens to cut the bridge down anyway with Milton still on it, and just before he can cut the other side of the bridge, Milton runs and makes it to the other side of the cliff, while Grabelski fully cuts the wooden bridge down. When night falls, they stop and rest and make a campfire using pinecones, in which Grabelski accidentally takes a beehive and mistakes it as a pinecone and is stung a number of times. Later that night, Dana secretly shows a Playboy magazine for Ralph and Barnhill to see, but Grabelski catches them looking at the explicit pictures, and takes it away from them and looks at the magazine himself. When Dana persuades Grabelski to talk about sexual intercourse, he, at first, declines this, but Milton falsely claims that the manual says that the Scout Leader can talk about these things, and he agrees to talk about it. Using Kelsey\'s Barbie doll\'s, Grabelski re-enacts how it is done , but at the end, the whole troop is in shocked to realize what sex really is in real life. The following morning, Gordy is on the radio and hears their troop number and that they are "being held hostage by a psychotic murderer" and they realize "Spider" is "Mad Max" Grabelski rather than the Scout Leader originally sent to help them. The troop investigate the tent Grabelski is sleeping in. Grabelski, in a near-sleepwalk experience, accidentally pulls his pistol out  in front of the troop and points it at Grody\'s face, scaring the entire troop. They send out smoke signals for help, which Palmer and Erickson see, but it accidentally spells "BELP", rather than "HELP". The troop then drug a canteen, using sleeping pills, cough syrup, and allergy medicine so that when Grabelski drinks the canteen, he will fall asleep. The plan works, but not before Milton calls Grabelski\'s last name by mistake. Palmer, however, shows up alone and "arrests" Grabelski, and Gordy senses that something is wrong. At first the troop believe to the fact that he is a murderer, but when a helicopter is heard in the trees, the troop, except Gordy, think they are safe until the chopper flies past them. They then realize Grabelski is innocent when Bragden arrives alive and explains the situation to him. Bragden and Palmer are in on the scheme and try to frame him because "no one gives a damn about him". They will then get away with the money once and for all. It is then revealed Palmer tied Erickson to a tree nearby. Not only Bragden and Palmer want to kill Grabelski, but they also want to kill the troop as well. Before Palmer can shoot Grabelski with his revolver, the troop launch rocks at the them via Kelsey\'s bra. They manage to hit Palmer with one of the rocks, but when they try to hit Bragden next, he ducks and the rock accidentally hits Grabelski in the face and falls in the river. Bragden and Palmer then chase after the troop, determined to kill them all. Dana is separated in the chase, and runs downriver to avoid capture. The remaining troop are trapped in a cliff and with Bragden and Palmer approaching them, they have no choice but to jump in the water. Milton jumps last, just when Bragden and Palmer try to capture him, but when Palmer tries to grab him, he only grabs his scout hat, as Milton jumps in the water. They chase them using the helicopter so that Palmer will try to shoot and kill Grabelski and the troop with his sniper rifle again, but fail and Grabelski and the troop end up getting away after surviving a near-death experience on a waterfall, with the help of Dana pulling them inland. Hearing the helicopter approaching them, they throw their bags in the river to make them think they are dead. As the helicopter approaches, they hide in the bushes to avoid being spotted. The bags fall down the waterfall and they believe it and leave. They then resume their journey to Devils Peak. At night, it starts to down pour and thunder, but they manage to find a cave. In the cave, they discuss what they should do to Bragden and Palmer when they get to the top of the mountain and their cabin, but Grabelski declines the act of violence against them, and to only foil the scheme. The next morning, after sleeping in the cave, the gang heads towards Devil\'s Peak while the Troop Leader, Gordy\'s mother, Aggie Patterson , discovers a note left by Grabelski that has an address written on it  and she drives up there only to be tied up in a chair by Bragden. The troop makes it to the top, and the truck arrives with the last $10 million. Hearing the kids arguring that they want to go with them to resuce Gordy\'s mom and foil the scheme, Palmer catches them and tries to kill all of them, starting with Grabelski first, but Erickson arrives just in time before he can shoot them and the kids glue him to a tree. Grabelski tries to untie Mrs. Patterson, and when he tries to take the tape out of her mouth, she angrily accuses him for taking the kids on the dangerous camping trip and for not being a real Scout Leader, which causes him to put the tape back in her mouth to avoid being heard. As he tries to untie her, they are caught by Bragden. Bragden forces Grabelski and Patterson at gunpoint to the porch and tries to shoot them dead. Before he can kill them, Gordy charges at Bragden. He almost shoots Gordy when he swings the pistol at him. Gordy accidentally trips on a piece of wood and falls off the cliff as Bragden moves out of the way, but not before Gordy manages to knock the pistol off his hand. Bragden tries to run away, but Grabelski subdues him by punching him in the face, knocking his teeth out and knocking him unconscious. Grabelski has already foiled Bragden\'s scheme, but now has to save Gordy, who is holding on a branch on the side of the cliff that is already cracking. Grabelski is able to rescue him, just as the branch gives way, and the troop receives Eagle Scout honors. He is proven innocent and receives Scout Leader honors. The movie ends with Grabelski and the troop being swarmed by a giant group of kids that are heading to Yosemite with him.'] ['Carter  is directing traffic. Concurrently, Chinese Ambassador Han addresses the importance of fighting the Triads at the World Criminal Court, announcing that he may know the whereabouts of Shy Shen, a semi-mythical individual of great importance to the Triads. Before announcing, an assassin shoots and Han takes a bullet in the shoulder, disrupting the conference. Detective Lee  pursues the shooter and corners him, discovering that the assassin is his Japanese foster brother Kenji . When Lee hesitates to shoot Kenji, he makes his escape. In the hospital, Lee learns that Han will make a full recovery. Han\'s daughter, Soo-Yung , now grown up, arrives and makes Lee and Carter promise to capture the one behind the shooting. She then informs Lee and Carter that her father gave her an envelope which contains important information regarding the Triad, and that the envelope is in her locker at the martial arts studio where she teaches. Lee and Carter make their way to the studio, but find out that a gang of armed men have already arrived and emptied it. The duo are then told by the Master of the studio that Soo-Yung and Han are in danger, and rush back to the hospital. Once the two reach the hospital, a gang of assassins arrive to kill Soo-Yung and Han. Lee and Carter manage to defeat them. They interrogate the leader of the assassins but find that he only speaks French. A nun, Sister Agnes , who can speak French, translates for them and Carter and Lee find out that they are marked for death by the Triad along with Soo-Yung and Han. For her protection, they take her to the French Embassy and leave her under the care of Reynard , the French ambassador and the chairman of the World Criminal Court. When a car bomb nearly kills Reynard and Soo-Yung the duo decides to go to Paris to investigate. In Paris, after getting a painful cavity search from a Parisian commissioner , Lee and Carter meet up with George, a taxi driver , who is prejudiced against Americans. He drives them to a Triad hideout. Once there, Lee fights off a Triad assassin named Jasmine  while Carter meets a beautiful woman whose name is not disclosed . Lee and Carter escape and Reynard later tells Lee that Shy Shen is not a person, but a list of the Triad leaders and reveals that Han\'s informant knows where to find it. The informant turns out to be Geneviève, the woman Carter met at the gentlemen\'s club.  After the two locate Geneviève, they save her from an assassination attempt by the Triads and flee to their hotel room. Privately, Carter tries to interrogate Genviève but they find themselves falling in love with each other. They eventually start making love. However, they are attacked again by Jasmine. No longer safe at the hotel, they decide to hide out with George, who now has developed a great appreciation for the United States. Lee and Carter learn that Geneviève not only knows where the list is, but that she is the list. The names of the thirteen Triad leaders have been tattooed on the back of her head, as per tradition, and Geneviève explains that she will be decapitated and buried if the Triads capture her. When Lee and Carter bring Geneviève to Reynard, he accidentally reveals that he has been working with the Triads all along. Kenji calls and informs Lee that he has captured Soo-Yung and that he would like to exchange her for Geneviève. Lee arrives at the exchange point, the Jules Verne Restaurant in the Eiffel Tower, with Carter disguised as Geneviève. Kenji challenges Lee to a sword fight, during which the two fall off the tower and get caught in a safety net. Kenji\'s sword cuts the safety net open and it collapses, leaving both men hanging on for dear life. Lee grabs Kenji\'s arm, intending to save his life. Kenji says his final goodbye to Lee and willingly lets go of him as he falls to his death, saving Lee\'s life. Lee then manages to climb up to safety. Meanwhile, Carter saves Soo-Yung and they defeat Jasmine who gets stuck between a large wheel and is split in half . As Carter and Lee send Soo-Yung down the elevator to safety, they make their escape from the Triads by gliding down to safety with a large French flag. Unfortunately, they are confronted by Reynard, holding Geneviève hostage and threatening to kill her and frame them. However, George, having followed Lee and Carter, shoots Reynard from behind. The police arrive, with the commissioner gloating and trying to get undeserved credit. After giving the commissioner a team punch to the face, Lee and Carter leave the scene dancing to the song "War" by Edwin Starr.'] ["Ma Hon Keung , a Hong Kong cop comes to New York to attend the wedding of his Uncle Bill  who introduces his new wife to him down at his supermarket, which he owns and has sold to Elaine . Uncle Bill's friend, Steven Lo , loans him a vintage automobile for the wedding. Later that night, a street gang starts a motorcycle race near Uncle Bill's apartment. They are about to run over his friend's car until Keung jumps down and stops them. He soon starts a rivalry with the street gang when he drives them away from the supermarket that they were robbing and vandalizing. This starts a series of brawls in which the bikies try to corner Keung and finish him off. When a member of the street gang named Angelo  gets involved in an illegal diamond deal gone bad and steals the diamonds, the small-time gangsters become the victims of a much larger and more effective criminal syndicate led by White Tiger . While running away with the diamonds, Angelo leaves them in a cushion, which is unknowingly used by Keung for the wheelchair of a disabled Chinese American boy named Danny , who is raised by his elder sister Nancy , a lingerie model/dancer who works in a seedy bar and is an associate/girlfriend of the bikies. Keung befriends Nancy and advises her to stay away from crime. When the gangsters see this, they chase Keung and Nancy. After failing to confront Keung, the bikies turn up at Elaine's supermarket and start vandalizing it, during which two of Angelo's men are captured by White Tiger's men, who turn up at the supermarket in search of Angelo. Angelo's colleagues are unaware of his diamond heist and one is executed in a tree-shredder; his remains are given back to the other gangster to show to his friends as a warning to return the multi-million dollar goods. In the meantime, Keung and Nancy go to bikies' shed after the latest supermarket attack, and Keung defeats them in another brawl, at which point the shredded remains are brought back. Keung agrees to help the bikies' leader, Tony . Keung convinces the street gangsters to reform, then brings the big-time criminals to justice after another long-winded street battle. The syndicate and Keung work out the diamonds are in the boy's wheelchair, and the handover is botched after Nancy and Tony are held hostage by the syndicate; the diamonds are lost after the syndicate uses towtrucks to pull the supermarket apart and the diamonds are spilled as Keung is in the building and knocked over. A long battle occurs in the Hudson River after White Tiger's men hijack a hovercraft and are pursued by Keung and the New York Police Department. The hovercraft finally ends up running through the streets, causing much damage to property. Keung ends the chase by stealing a large sword from a museum and clamping it onto a sports car window and driving into the hovercraft, shredding the rubber skirt and immobilising the vehicle and capturing the syndicate men. After shooting one of them non-fatally to force them to reveal White Tiger's location, Keung drives the hovercraft, with the skirt crudely repaired with duct tape, across town to a golf course where White Tiger is playing with subordinates. He runs them over and squashes them non-fatally into the ground. The film ends with White Tiger being squashed, his clothes ripped off his back, leaving him naked."] ['Big  was a Buddhist Monk, but he gave up this occupation when he realized he could see a person\'s past life, which would mean he would be able to predict what would happen to that person because of Karma. Big then became a bodybuilder and worked in a strip bar when he ran into Lee Fung-Yee . Lee was working as a undercover cop in the CID which busted Big in his strip show, but Big became entangled in another police case to catch a murderer when he tried to escape. While Big was running away from Lee\'s pursuit, he saw a police dog and has visions of the dog\'s previous life. The dog was previously a child who beat up dogs, and the dog was shot by a stray bullet meant for the criminal. This was the first time that Big showed his ability to see the past, and later saw the past life of Lee, a Japanese soldier killing civilians. Big , decided to help her in the investigation of a homicide, but also swore to leave her after they solved the case. After Big had inspected the corpse, he saw the deceased\'s previous life. The deceased had betrayed the murderer in his previous life and hence killed by him in this life. Big also saw that in the previous life of the murderer, before the murderer died, he cut off a one-horn beetle\'s left arm and hence deduced that in the current life, there would be someone without a left arm who would help to find the present murderer. Big successfully helped the police to arrest the murderer and saved Lee\'s life in the process as well. Her karma gets broken as well but subsequently returned, as seen through Big\'s vision. He also stopped an angry police sergeant who was beating the murderer by saying to him, "One thought Heaven, One thought Hell". Lee, now realizing that she was, in her previous life, a Japanese soldier, made efforts to compensate for the atrocities she committed in her previous life. Deciding to repay Big before she dies, Lee decided to find Big\'s childhood friend\'s killer, and she thinks the killer is hiding the mountains somewhere. She went to the mountains and on the sixth day of her journey, she encounters the killer at a part of the mountains where Big never went to find his friend\'s killer. The killer runs away from her while she tries to help him. Then, the killer comes behind her, and drags her to a rocky place where she was hit by a rock in the head, and beheaded by the murderer. The whole incident was recorded by her video camera. The video camera was retrieved after a search party to look for her. Big saw the video after a police officer showed it to him and he gets angry and went to the mountains. When he was on the mountains, he heard Lee\'s watch. He followed the sound to her buried body in the ground and her head in a tree. He became enraged and pursued a man, presuming he is Lee\'s killer into an underground temple. Big, expecting to find the killer in the temple but found his future self, a killer, bloodthirsty and vengeful. They argued and fought and came to terms peacefully in meditation. Big becomes a monk again and lives on the mountain. After five years, he meets his childhood friend\'s killer again, and in forgiveness, escorts him kindly to the police. In the end, at the "place where Big couldn\'t jump over," we see the positive karma that Lee cultivated and radiated ultimately saved Big.'] ['Convicted robber Albert Ganz  is working as part of a road gang in California, when a big Native American man named Billy Bear  drives up in a pickup truck and asks for water to cool off his truck’s overheating radiator. Ganz and Billy exchange insults and proceed to stage a fight with each other, wrestling in a river, and when the guards try to break up the fight, Billy slips a gun to Ganz, and Billy and Ganz kill two of the three guards and flee the scene. Two days later, Ganz and Billy kill Henry Wong , who was one of their partners. Later that same day, San Francisco cop Jack Cates  joins two of his friends and co-workers—Detective Algren  and Detective VanZant  -- at the Walden Hotel to check out a man named G.P. Polson, who is in room 27. It\'s a way of finding the thief who stole Polson\'s credit cards and used one of them to check into the hotel. Jack waits downstairs while Algren and VanZant head to room 27, where it turns out that the thief is Ganz. Ganz immediately kills VanZant, and shoots Algren, while Billy attends to some other business in the room next door to room 27. Jack hears the shots and rushes upstairs, where Algren tells him to go downstairs and find Ganz and Billy. Jack confronts Ganz and Billy downstairs. When Algren makes it downstairs, Ganz takes Jack\'s .44 revolver and uses it to kill Algren, and then Ganz and Billy escape with Jack\'s gun. The police station issues Jack a new gun, a Colt 1911 .45, and fellow cop Ben Kehoe  tells Jack about Ganz\'s former partner Reggie Hammond , who is in prison with 6 months to go on a three year sentence for armed robbery. Jack tells his boss, Haden , that he wants to work alone in the search for Ganz, and then Jack visits Reggie at the prison. Jack gets Reggie a 48 hour leave from the prison so Reggie can help Jack find Ganz and Billy. Reggie leads Jack to an apartment that Ganz\'s last remaining partner, Luther , lives in. Jack and Reggie don\'t know that a few days ago, Ganz and Billy kidnapped Luther\'s girlfriend Rosalie . When Jack steps inside Luther\'s apartment and starts looking around, Luther runs upstairs to the apartment and fires a shot at Jack. Jack chases Luther to Jack\'s car, where Reggie is handcuffed to the steering wheel. After getting nothing out of Luther, Jack puts Luther in jail. That night, Reggie leads Jack to Torchy\'s, a redneck hangout where Billy used to be a bartender. Reggie, on a challenge from Jack, shakes the bar down in a famous scene, single-handedly bringing the crowd under his control. They get a lead on Billy\'s old girlfriend, but this also leads nowhere, as the girlfriend says she threw Billy out. Jack, frustrated to the boiling point, lets loose on Reggie and they get into a relentless but ridiculous fistfight. Reggie finally tells Jack about the $500,000, stashed in the trunk of his car, the spoils of a drug deal gone bad when Ganz apparently sold Reggie out. The money is in the trunk of Reggie\'s car, parked in a garage for three years. It was also the prime reason why Ganz & Billy took Luther\'s girlfriend: they wanted Luther to get Reggie\'s money in exchange for her return to him. Luther goes and gets the car, and Jack and Reggie tail him to a Muni station where Ganz comes to get the money. Luther, however, recognizes Jack, and Ganz and Billy escape, while Reggie chases after Luther. Left with nothing, Jack ends up sitting at the station waiting for Reggie to call. Kehoe, about to leave, reminds Jack about a message from "your pal from the vice squad." Jack goes to Vroman\'s, in the Fillmore district, to find Reggie, who has tracked Luther to a hotel across the street. Jack, humbled, apologizes for continuously berating and insulting Reggie. He lends Reggie some money to pay for a hotel room, but when Reggie leaves to fool around with a girl he\'s met, he sees Luther leave the hotel. Luther gets onto a stolen bus driven by Billy and hands over the money to Ganz. Luther asks if Rosalie is okay and Ganz gets angry because he promised that he would not hurt her and shoots Luther. What happens to Rosalie is left ambiguous. Ganz spots Jack and Reggie following them, and a car chase/gunfight ensues, which ends when Billy forces Jack\'s Cadillac through the window of a Cadillac showroom. At this point following a heated verbal thrashing from Jack\'s boss Haden, Jack and Reggie are ready to resign themselves to the fact that they failed to catch Ganz. At a local bar before Reggie goes back to prison, Jack wonders if Billy might go back to see his girl and use her place as a hideout. It turns out that Billy did. Jack and Reggie force their way inside and after a brief confrontation Reggie shoots Billy. Ganz escapes into a maze of alleyways, capturing Reggie. Jack approaches and shoots Ganz, throwing him off Reggie, then finishes him off by shooting him repeatedly. Reggie is almost shocked by Jack\'s stone face and lack of feeling killing another man. Finally, Jack takes Reggie to go fool around with the girl he\'d been chasing. They agree to meet again when Reggie gets out of San Quentin in six months. Jack leaves the money in Reggie\'s car, but asks for a loan on another Cadillac when he gets out. Reggie insists to Jack that he will be an honest man going forward. Jack seems to accept this, and Jack takes Reggie back to prison.'] ["Ron Jeremy stars in this eroticized action-thriller that has a stripper avenging her sister's death. She knows she can't do the job alone, however, so she recruits the help of a rebellious cop to settle the score. But her quest doesn't turn out to be a neat affair, as she soon realizes there's more than one enemy to fight; and they all appear to be gunning for her even as she hunts them down."] ["Mallory  is the head of an elite government-run strike force dedicated to combating the supernatural. Her team includes the drag queen Vena Cava , an explosives expert; a mute, pre-teen telepath capable of possessing others named Talking Tina ; and an armed governmental agent named Durand . They are dispatched to protect a convent from an assault by a pack of undead monsters when they are attacked by an unknown assailant. The battle leaves Durand dead, Vena Cava injured, and Tina in a coma. Simultaneously, the newly-elected pope  is kidnapped by strange, masked attackers who resist the bullets of the pope's bodyguards. Mallory is approached to rescue the pope, a job she reluctantly accepts when she realizes there may be a connection between her team's assailant and the pope's kidnappers. Tracking the kidnappers to a pocket dimension containing an entire village that had vanished off the map several years earlier, Mallory and her team are joined by Père Carras , a priest trained in the martial arts and one of the bodyguards present at the time of the pope's kidnapping. Their search for the pope eventually leads to Lady Valentine , a centuries-old vampire who survived being beheaded during the French Revolution, and her mission to summon Abaddon, a fallen angel that will cover the world in darkness."] ["L.A.P.D. Detective James Carter  is on vacation in Hong Kong, visiting his good friend Hong Kong Police Force Chief Inspector Lee . Carter is interested in having a good time; however, soon after he arrives, a bomb explodes at the American Consulate.{{Cite journal}} Inspector Lee is assigned to the case, which becomes personal when it is discovered that it somehow involves Ricky Tan , his late police officer father's former partner. Tan, who was suspected, but never proven, of having a role in Lee's father's death, is now a leader of the Triads. The United States Secret Service, led by Agent Sterling , and the Hong Kong Police Force soon get into a fight over the jurisdiction of the case. Lee, believing Tan is the head of the operation, learns that Tan will be attending a dinner party on his yacht. Tan scolds his underling, Hu Li , who then leaves as Lee and Carter confront Tan. Tan claims that someone is trying to frame him. Hu Li suddenly appears and shoots Ricky Tan, making her escape in the chaos, and an angry Sterling holds Lee responsible for Tan's death, and orders him off the case. Carter is ordered to be flown back to Los Angeles for involving himself. However, Lee and Carter return to Los Angeles together. On the plane, Carter tells Lee that in every large criminal operation, there is a rich white man behind it and that man is Steven Reign ([[Alan King , a Los Angeles hotel billionaire that Carter says he saw on Tan's boat and that his calm demeanor during the shooting was suspicious. They set up camp outside the Reign Towers, spotting a sexy Secret Service agent named Isabella Molina , whom Carter met on Ricky Tan's yacht. After they watch Molina undress, and a few misunderstandings, Molina tells the two men that she is undercover, looking into Reign's money laundering of US$ 100 million dollars in superdollars . Lee and Carter pay a visit to Kenny , an ex-con known to Carter who runs a gambling den in the back of the Chinese restaurant he owns. He tells them that a usually broke customer recently came in to his establishment with a suspicious amount of hundred-dollar bills. Carter speculates them and confirms that they are Reign's counterfeits. They trace the money back to a bank friendly to the Triads, who are waiting for them and knock the two cops unconscious, with Molina looking on. After arriving in Las Vegas, Lee and Carter wake up inside one of the Triads' trucks and escape. After finding out where they are, they realize that Reign is laundering the $100 million through the new Red Dragon Casino . At the Red Dragon, Lee and Carter split up. Lee attempts to infiltrate the back area to find the engraving plates  while Carter makes a distraction, to attract all the security allowing Lee to pass, However, Hu Li captures Lee and places a small bomb in his mouth, then takes him up to the penthouse, where it is revealed that Ricky Tan faked his death and, as Lee suspected, is in charge of the operation. Tan soon departs the room, and Molina attempts to arrest Hu Li leading to a confrontation between the two but, despite Molina's best efforts, she is defeated due to Hu Li's martial arts experience. In the enusing chaos, Carter is able to free Lee from the bomb in his mouth before Hu Li has the chance to detonate it. Carter then fights Hu Li, while Lee heads to the penthouse to prevent Tan from escaping with the plates. In the penthouse, Reign opens the safe and takes the plates, running into Tan as he leaves. After Reign announces he is cutting their deal short and keeping the plates, Tan stabs him with a knife, killing him. Lee arrives and confronts Tan, along with Carter who shortly appears after  knocking out Hu Li. After a tense standoff, where Tan admits he killed Lee's father, Tan tries to break free, but Lee kicks Tan out of the window and he falls to his death. Hu Li then enters, holding a time bomb. Lee and Carter leap out of the window just as the bomb goes off, killing Hu Li. They slide on decoration wires with their jackets and barely escaping the traffic on the street in the process. Later, at the airport, Sterling thanks Lee for his work on the case. Molina says she would like to tell Lee something, and proceeds to kiss him for a short time, an event witnessed from afar by Carter. Lee and Carter plan to go their separate ways, but Lee reveals that he has always wanted to go to Madison Square Garden and watch a New York Knicks basketball game. Carter tells Lee he could go for one more vacation, and the two of them decide to go to the Big Apple."] ['Ko Chun  is a world-famous gambler, so renowned and talented at winning various games of chance that he is referred to as the "God Of Gamblers". He keeps his identity secret from the public , but is known for three characteristics: his slick-backed hairstyle, his love of Feodora brand chocolate and his jade pinky ring. Ko Chun arrives in Tokyo, accompanied by his girlfriend Janet and his assistant and cousin Ko Yee, for a match with Tanaka, the country\'s top ranked gambler. After convincingly defeating Tanaka in games of Mahjong and dice, Tanaka concedes defeat and asserts that Ko Chun "really [is] God". Tanaka asks Chun to help him take revenge on Chan Kam-Sing, a famous Singaporean gambler who cheated Tanaka\'s father , by besting Chan in a high-stakes poker match. Ko Chun agrees, merely asking for a box of chocolate as payment. In gratitude, Tanaka sends his bodyguard, former ARVN  Special Forces Operative Dragon  to accompany Ko Chun for protection. Meanwhile, Little Knife , an avid but mediocre gambler who idolizes the God of Gamblers, sets a trap for an Indian neighbor as a practical joke. After a confrontation on a train between Ko Chun, Dragon, and henchmen sent by one of Ko Chun\'s rivals, Ko happens to accidentally stumble into Knife\'s trap. Struck on the head, Ko suffers from amnesia and regresses to a childlike state. Knife, not knowing who the unnamed stranger is, takes him in and names him "Chocolate" due to the man\'s seemingly obsessive love for the candy. Initially Knife is impatient with "Chocolate"\'s simple-minded innocence and yells at him often, but soon recognizes that "Chocolate" has innate gambling talent and begins to exploit his abilities in local poker games and gambling dens. As time passes, Knife comes to care for "Chocolate" and seeks to find a way to restore his memory. Back at Ko Chun\'s mansion, it is revealed that Janet has been searching for Chun for ten days to no avail. Ko Yee, who is jealous of Chun\'s success and wealth, makes advances on her, which she rejects; finally, while attempting to rape her, Yee accidentally knocks Janet off the balcony, killing her. He discovers that she has been recording what has been transpiring and proceeds to burn the tape. Later, Yee allies himself with Chan Kam-Sing and Ko Chun\'s other rival and they send assassins to find and kill Chun. Eventually, the assassins find Chun, Knife, and their friends and attempt to kill them, but Dragon arrives to protect them after tracking Chun down. A fierce shootout ensues in a shopping center, in which Knife saves Chun from an attempt on his life by Ko Yee. During the fight, Dragon is wounded, causing Chun to snap out of his child persona briefly to kill the rest of the assailants. However, after regressing back to his childlike state, Chun becomes horrified at the carnage and runs out into the street where he is struck by a vehicle. Chun awakens in the hospital with his regular persona, but no memory of the events or people he met after the fight. He is informed by Ko Yee, who is feigning loyalty, that Janet has disappeared. Knife arrives and attempts to warn Chun of Ko Yee\'s treachery but Yee has Knife thrown out. Later, Ko Yee gives Chan Kam-Sing special eyeglasses that will allow him to cheat during his upcoming poker match with Chun by reading invisible markings on the cards. Chun, Yee, Tanaka and Dragon arrive on Chan Kam-Sing\'s yacht for the climactic game of five card stud. Knife, having snuck onto the boat, again attempts to warn Chun of the danger he is in. Chun agrees to hear Knife out later but admonishes him not to interfere with the poker game. With his ability to see the markings on the cards, Chan Kam-Sing dominates the first two rounds. After losing all of Tanaka\'s money, Ko Chun puts up his entire personal portfolio of wealth and holdings against Chan\'s wealth. Chan, using his glasses to see that Ko Chun has an inferior hand, agrees, showing his cards and gloating over his victory. Ko Chun, in turn, reveals that he actually has the superior hand and has won the game, having secretly altered the markings of the deck and using special contact lenses to read them. Subsequently, Ko Chun tricks Chan Kam-Sing into shooting Ko Yee. As Yee lays dying, Chun drops Janet\'s tape  onto his body. Ko Chun then departs  without speaking to Knife, much to the latter\'s dismay. Ko Chun later surprises Knife at his home and reveals that he remembered Knife in the hospital and knew about Ko Yee\'s betrayal all along, but had to feign ignorance in order to execute his plan properly. He promises to make it up to Knife by taking him to Las Vegas as his gambling partner.'] ['Philo Beddoe is still bare-knuckle boxing to make ends meet while hanging out with Clyde the orangutan, and his brother Orville Boggs. Philo decides to retire from fighting but the Mafia has other ideas and he is forced into another fight. A motorcycle gang and a wayward girlfriend add to his troubles as Philo tries to go his own way.'] ['Japanese yakuza team up with Bosnian mobsters to import a toilet made of pure heroin into New York City.'] ["A woman  dancing provocatively to the enjoyment of other nightclub patrons is abruptly hit in the face by Hubert Florentini , a commisaire of the French Police. Florentini drags her out of the club in handcuffs, assaulting other patrons who come too close to free the captive woman or attempt to hinder his exit. Unfortunately, one of these patrons includes the chief's son. Hubert Florentini is chastised for the violent and unorthodox methods that he uses to accomplish his goals and is put on paid leave from the force. Despite his success and his seemingly enjoyable lifestyle of fighting crime, playing golf, and being the object of a beautiful woman's  attentions, he has been unable to forget his one true love, Miko, a Japanese spy he met 19 years prior. Upon receiving news of her death, he is summoned to Japan by her lawyer, Hishibachi  for the reading of her will. Hishibashi informs Florentini that he has inherited the guardianship of Yumi , a fiery, adorable and eccentric Japanese/French teenage girl over whom he has custody until she reaches adulthood in two days . Yumi, who was led to believe she was the result of her mother's rape and subsequent abandonment, hates her unknown father. Hubert realizes Yumi is his daughter, but doesn't tell her as she would probably flee from him. Florentini uncovers evidence that Miko was the victim of foul play. He discovers that Miko had stolen a small fortune from the Yakuza, a fortune now destined for Yumi upon reaching adulthood. Florentini summons the help of Momo , a former intelligence colleague living in Tokyo. He helps Florentini with further investigations into Miko's death and in guarding Yumi from the Yakuza by supplying him with two metal suitcases of weapons. The Yakuza try to attack Yumi in an arcade, but Florentini, who has been observing their positions, kills all of them. Later, Yumi discovers that Florentini is her father as she is captured by the Yakuza. As they take her away and prepare to execute Florentini, he uses golf balls to knock out his would-be executioners and knock out the rest in melee combat. With the help of former intelligence colleagues, Florentini and Momo free Yumi from her kidnappers when they attempt to withdraw money from Yumi's bank account by replacing the bank's staff and customers with their own men. During the rescue attempt a gunfight breaks out and all of the Yakuza are killed by Florentini single-handedly without any casualties to the good guys. Following the ordeal, Florentini takes a flight back to France, having promised Yumi he would be back in a month. But just before the plane takes off, a group of customs officers enter the cabin with two familiar metal suitcases in hand, asking for their owner."] ['Eddie "Hudson Hawk" Hawkins &nbsp;—&nbsp; "Hudson Hawk" is an expression that refers to the often bracing winds off of the Hudson river&nbsp;—&nbsp;is a master burglar and safe-cracker, attempting to celebrate his first day of parole from prison with a cappuccino. Before he can get it, he is blackmailed by various entities, including his own parole officer, a minor Newark Mafia family headed by the Mario brothers , and the CIA into doing several dangerous art heists with his singing partner in crime, Tommy "Five-Tone" Messina . The holders of the puppet strings turn out to be a "psychotic American corporation," Mayflower Industries, run by husband and wife Darwin  and Minerva Mayflower  and a blade-slinging butler, Alfred . The company, headquartered in the Esposizione Universale Roma  in Rome, seeks to take over the world by reconstructing "La Macchina dell\'Oro", a machine purportedly invented by Leonardo da Vinci  which converts lead into gold. A special assembly of crystals needed for the machine to function are hidden in a variety of Leonardo\'s artworks: the maquette of the Sforza, the Da Vinci Codex, and a scale model of DaVinci\'s helicopter design. Sister Anna Baragli  is an operative for a secretive Vatican counter-espionage agency, which has arranged with the CIA to assist in the Roman portion of Hawk\'s mission, though apparently intending all along to foil the robbery at St. Peter\'s Basilica. Throughout the adventure, Hudson is foiled in repeated attempts to drink a cappuccino. After blowing up an auctioneer to cover up the theft of the Sforza, the Mario Bros. take Hawk away inside an ambulance, but when Hawk sticks needles into Antony Mario\'s face they try to run him down , but are both killed when their driver crashes the ambulance due to the needles in Antony\'s face. Immediately afterwards, Hawk meets CIA head George Kaplan  and his CIA agents: Snickers , Kit Kat , Almond Joy , and Butterfinger , who take him to Darwin and Minerva Mayflower. Hawk successfully steals the Da Vinci Codex from another museum, but eventually refuses to steal the helicopter design, and Tommy Five-Tone fakes his death so they can escape. However, they are found and attacked by the CIA Agents. Kit Kat and Butterfinger take Anna to the castle. Tommy trips Snickers, causing his bomb launcher to shoot a bomb onto his head. Hudson and Tommy escape while Snickers and Almond Joy are killed when the bomb goes off. The film culminates in a showdown at Leonardo\'s castle, between the remaining CIA agents, the Mayflowers, and the team of Hudson, Five-Tone, and Baragli, to stop the Mayflowers from successfully operating the machine, during which Kit Kat and Butterfingers are betrayed and killed by Minerva. Tommy fights Darwin and Alfred inside Darwin\'s limo, while Hudson fights George Kaplan on the roof, and knocks him on top of the limo. Alfred, though wounded, jumps out of the limo with Darwin and plants a bomb on it, with Tommy trapped inside and George on the hood, and it explodes just as it falls over a cliff. Darwin and Minerva force Hawk to put together the crystal powering the machine, but Hawk intentionally leaves out one small piece. As a result, when the Mayflowers try the machine, it explodes and kills Minerva. In the battle that follows, Darwin is electrocuted and Hawk battles Alfred, and eventually decapitates him on his own blades. Hawk and Baragli escape the castle and discover that Tommy survived the crash due to airbags and sprinklers inside the limo. Hawk finally gets to enjoy a cappuccino.'] ["The pace and tone of the film is immediately made clear with an opening fight in the woods as Wah-jee  and his uncle  attempt to flee from ruthless fighters led by Mien Tsu-mun . The pair make it to a Buddhist temple, but the uncle dies after Tsu-mun and his thugs break in. A fighter turned monk named Huang  manages to kill most of them. Once recovered from his wounds, Wah-jee is put to work at the temple, making soy milk runs into town and cleaning out the smoke-filled oven. He spends time with two junior monks and trades friendly kung fu blows with Tsui-jee , the attractive soy milk seller. Tsu-mun returns to the area with two martial brothers . Fed up with the torturous regimen of chores at the temple, Wah-jee leaves but overhears Tsu-mun's plans to kill Huang and decides to warn his mentor. A fight ensues that Wah-jee survives only after he is forcibly pulled away by Tsui-jee's father . At this point, Wah-jee learns that his own father died at the hands of a silver-haired fighter  who belongs to the same group as Tsu-mun. Three martial brothers initially escaped Jang-lee's attack, but now only Tsui-jee's father remains. Wah-jee, Tsui-jee and her father go into hiding where Wah-jee begins to master the 36 Deadly Styles just in time to face Jang-lee. There is also a smaller parallel plot interwoven with the previous one involving a brother of Jang-lee  who heads off to a Tibetan temple to seek out a kung fu master named Kaung Wu Chun  in order to get the manual of 36 Deadly Styles."] ['Kang So-hwi, a beautiful martial arts prodigy, is about to embark on a journey into adulthood. But her journey is like no other. Her super-human strength and martial arts prowess scares away her fellow undergrads and even the boy she has fallen for. Devastated, So-hwi decides to give up martial arts and takes a different path. Her father, a martial artist himself, is afraid of losing an heiress to the family’s martial artistry, and missions So-hwi’s old buddy Ilyoung to persuade her to stay in the field. Ilyoung who loves her from their childhood follows her wherever she goes and try to persuade her to go on training of martial arts. But, Kang So-hwi who wants to lead a life of normal woman with actual feelings of getting married and having children, ignores him. Meanwhile, the guy with whom she had great crush gets into middle of some street fight. But Kang So-hwi and Ilyoung save him and others from the mob using their super powers. After the fight, Ilyoung and Kang So-hwi go out for drink. There, So-hwi tells him the dream she is getting frequently. On hearing that, Ilyoung goes on thinking that the dream is not actually a dream. Those incidents were happened in their life previously. Kang So-hwi and Ilyoung were training in the martial arts school. Both of them excel in all kinds of techniques. They grew as unbeatable by anyone.Ilyoung grew more powerful that he can be beaten only by Kang So-hwi.On that time the villain Heuk-bong gets hold of the glorious sword named, Green destiny which can do the moon stroke. Both Kang So-hwi and ilyoung went to Heuk-bong to get that sword but finally the villain hits Kang So-hwi with a poisonous stroke. Ilyoung admits her in the hospital. There she gets recovered but all of her childhood memories were lost. Then, in present life, the boy starts to go out with So-hwi .But the relationship doesn’t work well. Meanwhile,So-hwi’s father and his friends ask for a fight with the villain Heuk-bong.And finally in the day of fight, So-hwi’s father gets shocked on seeing Heuk-bong.It was Ilyoung.Without any further fight Ilyoung injures him with the mighty sword called Green destiny with a stroke called moon-stroke. Later on he himself admits So-hwi’s father in a nearby hospital and informs So-hwi. So-hwi who meets her father in the hospital get informed by her father’s friends about her mother’s story .On hearing that and also to revenge for her father’s condition, So-hwi decides to have training on her mother’s sword to create a lightning stroke. On her attempt, she wins. On the same time, Ilyoung is thinking about So-hwi and goes to the past that how she got recovered from poisonous stroke. On knowing that Heuk-bong can only cure So-hwi,he goes to him and asks for the anti-dote for the poison. But Heuk-bong says that he must become his disciple and hypnotizes Ilyoung. Ilyoung accepts and get the antidote and cures So-hwi. When he return to Heuk-bong,he starts to possess him with his ill powers. Ilyoung was to take the place of Heuk-bong, and whenever Heuk-bong was summoned, Ilyoung would go in his place. Heuk-bong died without setting Ilyoung free,that’s why he injured So-hwi’s father. Now, So-hwi after successfully completed her training on lightning stroke, goes to fight with Heuk-bong.There she also gets shocked on seeing Ilyoung in place of Heuk-bong.But,through telepathy, Ilyoung conveys all the things happened to him. On seeing Ilyoung, So-hwi just defends herself but won’t fight back. Ilyoung asks her to fight back as he wants to get out of that hypnotism. And also he said, she only can beat him. Both fought each other vigorously. At the end when ilyoung intends to use moon stroke with the green destiny sword, So-hwi uses lightning stroke which weakens ilyoung. But seeing Ilyoung suffer, So-hwi refuses to attack him further.But, ilyoung pleading her to attack him, attacks her .She fell down. Ilyoung gets hold of her neck and tries to kill her.But,So-hwi asks him to concentrate. This confuses Ilyoung and in pain, he sheds tears. That tears on falling upon the sword burst and that sound relieves ilyoung from the hypnotism. Then both hug each other and then everything went well.'] ['After observing the launch of a new space platform, Z.O.W.I.E. Chief, Lloyd C. Cramden, joins the President of the United States for a game of golf. While on the links, they are interrupted by a small group from the Fabulous Face organization. Discreetly substituting the presidential golf ball with a small gas bomb, they succeed in temporarily immobilizing the presidential party and replacing the president with an actor surgically altered to look exactly like him. Puzzled by a stopwatch that was active during the switch, Cramden visits former agent Derek Flint at his New York City apartment, asking he investigate the "lost" three minutes recorded by the stopwatch. Flint agrees to take up the matter after his return from a survival exercise in the Mojave Desert. During Cramden and Flint\'s meeting, Lisa, an operative of Fabulous Face, is meeting with Flint\'s three live-in girl friends in the living room of Flint\'s spacious Manhattan apartment. Lisa tricks the girls into accepting a free visit to the Fabulous Face Spa in the Virgin Islands. That evening, Cramden encounters Lisa, the operative for Fabulous Face, at an Italian restaurant. Disguised as a southern schoolteacher visiting the city, she drugs him using cigarettes treated with a soporific substance and stages a compromising scene with a prostitute at a hotel; the scene is then photographed and published by General Carter, who is working with Fabulous Face. With Cramden framed as a libertine, the "imposter" President publicly suspends the disgraced spy chief from active duty. Recalled from his exercise, Flint hypnotizes Cramden and learns the details of the encounter with Lisa. Tests of trimmings from Cramden\'s mustache reveal traces of "euphoric acid", a drug when mixed with alcohol leaves the subject mildly sedated and aroused. Investigating further, Flint breaks into Z.O.W.I.E. headquarters and discovers that the two astronauts on the recently-launched space platform are, in fact, Russian female cosmonauts. Flint is interrupted by General Carter and a force of turncoat guards who, after a struggle, believe they have killed Flint when he apparently falls into a document incinerator. Having escaped, Flint travels to the Soviet Union to investigate the cosmonaut connection. Dancing in the Bolshoi ballet, he makes contact with ballerina Natasha, unaware that she is a Fabulous Face operative until she attempts to drug him with drugged cigarettes. His interrogation of her is interrupted by the KGB, who arrive at her apartment to bring Flint to the Soviet Premier. After escaping the KGB agents, Flint sneaks into the Kremlin, where he overhears the Premier bluffing the U.S. President; conversational clues point Flint to the Fabulous Face spa in the Virgin Islands. Cramden has also traveled to the Fabulous Face Spa to investigate further but he is captured and imprisoned with the real President. The Fabulous Face staff in anticipation of Flint coming to the spa has inprisoned his girl friend in cryogenic freezing chambers. Flint boards an Aeroflot flight for Cuba disguised as a bearded Cuban Revolutionary. Distracting the other passengers, he ties up the pilots, parachutes out over the Virgin Islands and swims to the Fabulous Face complex. There he is met by Lisa, who brings him before the Fabulous Face leadership, a group of female business executives who explain their plan to brainwash women through subliminal messages transmitted in salon hairdryers into overthrowing the male-dominated political order. As Flint attempts to talk the women out of it, he is interrupted by General Carter, who is dissatisfied with his subordinate role and plans to take power himself with the aid of the fake president. After a fight, Flint is captured by Carter\'s men and placed, along with Cramden, the captive president and the Fabulous Face leadership and lead staff, into cryogenic suspension. Flint escapes his freezing chamber with a sonic wave amplifier device, which is disguised as a cigarette lighter and belt buckle. Determined to stop Carter\'s plan to atomically arm the space station, Flint, Cramden, the president, and the women of Fabulous Face travel to the nearby island where the launch is scheduled to take place. Once they arrive, the women execute "Operation Smooch", using their beauty and sexual allure to distract, seduce, and subdue the male guards. After the women take over the control room, Carter  threatens to activate the atomic warheads under his control unless he is allowed to proceed with the launch. Flint manages to board the capsule just before it takes off; once in orbit they fight in zero gravity, causing the spacecraft to tumble. After overpowering Carter, Flint escapes the capsule, which is then destroyed with a nuclear missile launched from the surface. Using his wave amplifier, Flint floats to the nearby space platform, where he enjoys the hospitality of the female cosmonauts there while awaiting return to Earth.'] ["The films follows a series of encounters of a patrolling Police Tactical Unit of one single night, where the team tries to help an Organised Crime and Triad Bureau Sergeant Lo Sa to retrieve his lost revolver after he was assaulted by a group of triad members. The films portrays police officers' use of extralegal means to achieve investigative result and reveal the complex relationships between criminals and police officers, hostility among criminals themselves, and even rivalry among different bureaux within the Police Force."] ['Each year, Samuel , Jeffrey  and Michael Douglas  visit the cabin of their Japanese grandfather Mori Shintaro  for the summer. Mori is highly skilled in the art of Ninjutsu, and for years has trained the boys. This year, Mori presents the boys with new "ninja names": Samuel becomes "Rocky", Jeffrey becomes "Colt", and Michael becomes "Tum Tum". Meanwhile, the boys’ father, Sam Douglas , leads the FBI on a sting operation against Hugo Snyder , to buy warheads. Snyder escapes because ninjas were in the rafters. When he returns to his hideout, he explains his relationship with Sam to his assistant Mr. Brown  and bodyguard Rushmore . He has known Douglas for years, since his former master Mori Tanaka trained him. On their last day at the cabin, Snyder arrives to test his old master by sending ninjas after him. Defying their grandfather\'s orders to stay in the house, the boys fight a few of the ninjas. After they are victorious, Snyder threatens Mori and his family’s lives if he does not get Douglas off his back; he also threatens to rip out his heart if he does not. When the boys return home, their father is talking to his partner Jerry. Douglas hates martial arts, despite having married Mori\'s daughter Jessica  so he is not enthusiastic when the boys try to show him what they learned, and more irritated when they explain their Ninja names. Snyder arranges to kidnap the boys and tells Brown to hire his surfer nephew Fester  and his friends Hammer  and Marcus . The next morning as the boys ride their bicycles to school, Fester and his crew fail to grab them. Emily becomes separated from the boys and has her bike stolen by bullies. She becomes mad at Rocky for showing off and walks the rest of the way to school. At recess, Colt and Rocky challenge the bullies to a game of basketball. Giving the bullies a 9 point lead they effortlessly win Emily\'s bike back. Meanwhile, frustrated Snyder tells Fester and his buddies to get the children before midnight, prompting Brown to aid as backup if needed. The boys are at home with a babysitter when Fester, Marcus and Hammer show up. The kidnappers subdue the babysitter and lock her in a closet. The boys decide if they can take care of Fester and his gang themselves, then their ninja training would be worthwhile. Using booby traps, they weaken the intruders but the criminals take Emily , while the boys trick their guard and escape. After several confrontations through the ship they come across Rushmore, whom they defeat with Mori’s help. Mori reunites with the boys, as Snyder confronts Mori. Mori is manhandled throughout the fight since Snyder is much younger. When it seems that Snyder is about to win, Mori remembers the jelly beans that Tum Tum had given him for good luck and uses them to gag Snyder. Mori gains the upper-hand and phases Snyder, more or less winning the fight. In frustration, Snyder grabs a gun from one of his subordinates and takes aim at Mori. At that moment, Sam shoots Snyder in the arm from the top of the ship . As the group is receiving medical aid, the FBI takes Snyder and his men to jail. Sam apologizes to Mori, and tells Jerry to fill out the reports himself because he had a whole family of heroes he needed to take out for pizza.  The international cut of the film features a number of small parts of scenes that were cut from the movie for its American release, most likely to ensure a PG rating. Amongst the cut scenes are [not all-inclusive]: Extra footage of Snyder\'s escape in which he confronts two FBI agents who he promptly defeats, A scene in which the robbers fire a gun in the convenience store and tie up the clerk behind the counter, a scene in which the robbers get the Douglas family address from Brown, additional footage of Grandpa trailing Snyder to his ship hideout, numerous small portions of the scene where the robbers invade the Douglas household, including Colt beating the robbers after getting them under a tarp in the room being renovated and a scene of one of the robbers asking his uncle  if he can be paid, extra sarcastic dialogue while the boys are locked up in Snyder\'s ship, an extended scene in which the boys are reunited with Grandpa, footage of Brown KOing himself on a pipe and subsequently complaining about his pain when being taken away by the Feds. Additionally, in the international version the boys LOSE the basketball challenge and their bikes, so a scene ends the international version of the film in which they fight the bullies to get them back.'] ["The storyline opens in Tibet in the year 1943, wherein one of its protagonists, a Tibetan monk, is informed that he has fulfilled the prophecies made of him - he has fought an army of enemies while a flock of cranes circled above; fought for love at the palace of Jade; saved brothers whom he did not know from a family he never had; and forsaken his name. He is then entrusted by his master with the protection of a Scroll which contains knowledge by which the reader becomes the most powerful of living things - a protection that will keep him youthful and immunize him to injury until, at the close of 60 years, he must pass the knowledge to an heir. The master, who has formerly been the guardian of this Scroll, is killed by German soldiers shortly after the transfer. His pupil, the now nameless Monk, escapes despite the Nazi commander's expectations. 60 years later, a young pickpocket named Kar  robs a police officer in a subway station. He is arrested, but frees himself and chains the police officer, only to flee some of the latter's colleagues. Above in the street, the Nameless Monk is reading a newspaper when he notices several men attempting to capture him. The Nameless Monk attempts to escape by running into the subway, whereupon he and Kar collide, causing a young girl to fall into the path of an oncoming train. Kar and the Nameless Monk rescue the girl, whereupon the three escape, leaving Kar's bag of stolen goods in the station. Having escaped, the Nameless Monk and Kar introduce themselves to each other, whereupon Kar steals the Scroll from the Nameless Monk and runs away. Thereafter, wherever Kar goes he is chased by the Nameless Monk, who suspects that Kar may be a suitable successor as guardian of the Scroll. When fighting underground against a minor crime lord called Mister Funktastic , Kar meets a young woman named Jade, whom he falls in love with. The Nameless Monk then follows Kar home and watches him at home practicing Kung-fu by watching Chinese martial arts movies. The next day, Jade meets with Nina at the opening of the exhibit by the Human Rights Organization - Conscience of Humanity. Later, they meet again during the next day and are conversing when Jade walks up to them and asks Kar to return her necklace, which he had apparently stolen on purpose in order to return to Jade so as to earn her esteem. She is interrupted by a group of mercenaries whose quarry is the Nameless Monk - their intended target flees with Kar in his company. The Nameless Monk and Kar escape by hiding beneath an Asian laundromat, wherein are several monks of the lead character's order. The Nameless Monk then takes refuge in a nearby building where he shows Kar several advanced combat techniques, including a demonstration of the art of dodging bullets. They are attacked and the Scroll is taken to the employer of the mercenary forces - a crime lord named Strucker. It is revealed that Strucker is in fact the Nazi commander who fought with the Nameless Monk  60 years ago in Tibet. Strucker desires to use the power of the Scroll as a means of world domination. Upon reading the Scroll, Strucker finds that it contains a recipe for noodle soup, whereas it is later revealed that the true secret of power is tattooed on the Nameless Monk's torso. The Nameless Monk and Kar return home to find that Kar's employer, Mr. Kojima, has been murdered by Strucker's granddaughter, who happens to be Nina. They flee to the Asian laundromat but are betrayed by an ambitious monk who desires the power conferred by the scroll - however, all parties are taken to Strucker's center of operation and tortured. The Nameless Monk and Kar seek the help of Jade, whom they learn is the daughter of a currently imprisoned Russian crime lord. Their meeting is interrupted by Nina, who has Jade and Kar beaten and the Nameless Monk captured. Later, Jade and Kar infiltrate Strucker's headquarters, where they are separated as Strucker prepares to scan the Nameless Monk's brain. Jade fights Nina and defeats her, and Kar finds the Nameless Monk. By now, Strucker has regained his youth by reading the text of the Scroll, but he is unable to obtain the content of the last line, which is written nowhere and present only in the Nameless Monk's memory. Strucker attempts to scan the Nameless Monk's brain, but is prevented by Kar himself. The fight ensues, which takes to the roof of the building. In the end, Strucker is thrown onto electric cables; however, Strucker is preserved from death by the power conferred to him by his use of the Scroll. While Jade frees the other monks, the Nameless Monk transfers what is revealed to be only part of the Scroll's content, and the task of protecting it for 60 years, to Kar. When Strucker attempts to kill Kar, but is killed himself, it is revealed that Jade has also received a part of the Scroll and shares with him the task of protecting it and all the effects thereof. The Nameless Monk then tells them that they both passed the three prophecies  and the final test. The next day, the now aged Nameless Monk meets Kar and Jade, to whom he reveals the final line of the Scroll and whom he now deems inseparable. He then departs, lighthearted."] [' Following the Shredder\'s defeat at the hands of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, the four live with their news reporter friend April O\'Neil while they look for a new home, afraid the Foot will attack them if they return to the sewer. On a night out they encounter a pizza delivery boy named Keno fighting a band of robbers and intervene on his behalf. Meanwhile, the Foot Clan have retreated to a large junkyard, where the Shredder\'s second in command Tatsu declares himself their leader. However, he relinquishes command when the Shredder returns, having survived his encounter with the Turtles and Splinter and now desiring revenge. April reports on the efforts of an industrial organization called Techno Global Research Industries  to neutralize pollutants that have resulted from their experiments, and a member of April\'s camera crew that is a spy for the Foot discovers that toxic waste produced by the company has caused a mutation in nearby dandelion plants, producing exponential growth. Splinter, seeing the report on television, shows the Turtles and April the canister of the "ooze" that caused their mutation, revealing it was manufactured by TGRI. Shredder dispatches the Foot to obtain some of the ooze that caused the mutation. The Turtles infiltrate the TGRI laboratory seeking answers, but discover the Foot have kidnapped Perry, and after a skirmish the Foot escapes with the last canister of the ooze. The Shredder forces Perry to expose a alligator snapping turtle and a wolf to the ooze, transforming them into Tokka and Rahzar. Though the Shredder is irritated when they act as infants and consider him their "mother", due to Perry secretly modifying the ooze, but the Shredder is impressed with their immense strength and sends them to attack the city. Meanwhile Keno and Raphael infiltrate the Foot by having Keno pose as a new recruit, and the other three Turtles discover a new lair in an abandoned subway station. With Keno\'s assistance, Raph successfully infiltrates the Foot headquarters located on Lairdman Island, but is captured by the Shredder. Keno escapes to inform the others, but the group is led into a trap and are pitted against Tokka and Rahzar. The Turtles are overwhelmed by their brute strength, but manage to escape into a manhole that the larger mutants cannot fit through, successfully rescuing Perry in the process. Talking with Perry, Donatello is depressed to learn that the ooze was created in a lab accident rather than anything else, but Splinter assures him that he cannot judge his worth based on his origins. Upon learning that the Shredder intends to release Tokka and Rahzar into populated areas unless the Turtles confront them, Perry develops an antidote to counteract the ooze\'s effects and transform them back into normal animals. The Turtles meet with the Foot and successfully administer some portion of the antimutigen to Tokka and Rahzar by concealing it in donuts, but are discovered and another fight ensues. The fight spills into a nightclub, where the club\'s singer Vanilla Ice improvises a rap song to prevent a panic by creating the impression that the fight is part of his act. With advice from Perry the Turtles spray fire extinguishers into Tokka and Razhar\'s mouths, the carbon dioxide speeding up the antimutigen and reverting the two monsters back to their natural forms. After the Turtles take care of the Foot and Tatsu, the Shredder arrives and takes a woman hostage, revealing he still possesses the ooze. Keno arrives and kicks the canister out of his hands, which is recovered by Perry, but the Shredder retains a small vial of the ooze. Using a sound amplifier to magnify a Keytar, the Shredder is blasted through a wall onto the docks outside. The Turtles follow and find Shredder mutated into a "Super-Shredder", having consumed the vial of ooze. The Shredder overpowers the Turtles, but his rampant destruction of the dock\'s supports causes it collapse on top of them, crushing him while the Turtles dive to safety in the water. The Turtles return to their lair triumphant, but are confronted by Splinter with a newspaper showing a picture of them fighting at the club on the front page. As punishment, the Turtles are forced to do flips, Splinter quoting Vanilla Ice\'s rap and laughing as they begin.'] ["In 1895, during the late Qing Dynasty, Wong Fei-hung travels by train to Guangzhou to attend a seminar on Western and traditional Chinese medicine. He is accompanied by his romantic interest 13th Aunt and student Leung Foon. He gives a lecture on the benefits of acupuncture while a fellow Chinese doctor helps him translate for the predominantly foreign audience. The seminar is disrupted by the fanatical White Lotus Society - an extreme nationalist cult led by the sinister and seemingly-invincible Priest Kung. The sect aims to drive all foreigners out of Canton and has been killing Westerners and destroying everything regarded alien to Chinese culture. Wong later learns that his translator friend Sun Wen is actually the leader of a group of pro-democratic rebels aiming to topple the Qing government and establish a republic in China. Sun and his friend Lu Hao-tung are heading to Hong Kong to continue with their plans for revolution. Wong decides to assist Sun Wen and the rebels but they encounter a Qing official called General Nap-lan, who stands in their way. Chaos ensue when the White Lotus Society attacks a foreign-language school for children. 13th Aunt brings the students to hide in the British consulate. Nap-lan suspects that the rebels are also hiding in the consulate and he orders his men to disguise themselves as cult members and attack the building. Wong defends the consulate while Sun Wen escapes secretly. Nap-lan then enters the consulate under the pretext of protecting the foreigners from the cult, while using the opportunity to search for Lu Hao-tung. Lu disguises himself as Leung Foon and follows Wong out of the consulate safely, while Leung pretends to be Lu and lures Nap-lan away. To put an end to the White Lotus Society's evil activities, Wong and Lu travel to the sect's headquarters to confront Priest Kung. Wong defeats Kung in a fight and the cult disbands. Wong, Lu and Leung proceed to retrieve a hidden list containing the names of the rebels but run into Nap-lan and his soldiers. Lu is shot by Nap-lan's troops, but he manages to burn the name list to prevent the government from taking it. Wong fights Nap-lan while Leung helps Lu burn the list. Leung almost burns a piece of cloth that wrapped the list, but saves it from the fire. Lu tells Leung to hurry and meet Sun at the pier, but then succumbs to his wounds. Wong and Leung try to escape, but are cornered by Nap-lan. Wong engages Nap-lan once more and kills him. As day breaks, Wong arrives at the pier just as Sun's boat is leaving. He hurls something to Sun, who opens it up to reveal Lu's design of a flag for the Republic of China."] ["Guns and Talks follows a team of four skilled hitmen who will assassinate anyone for money. However, these are not your normal hitmen. They actually wouldn't kill anyone without a contract, and still ponder why people would ever want someone to be killed."] ['At the beginning of the film, protagonist Michael "Crocodile" Dundee  is living in the Australian Outback with Sue Charlton  and their young son Mikey . Because Crocodile hunting has been made illegal, Mick is reduced to wrestling crocodiles for the entertainment of tourists, having as his rival in the business another Outback survivalist named Jacko . When an opportunity arises for Sue to become the Los Angeles bureau chief of a newspaper owned by her father, Mick and his family cross the Pacific to California. In the United States, Mick and his son\'s encounters with the locals cause cross-cultural mishaps. Mick becomes an undercover amateur sleuth helping to probe the mysterious death of his wife\'s predecessor at the newspaper, while Mikey attends a local school, where he quickly impresses his classmates and teacher with his outback survival skills. Because the case takes up so much of their time, Mick and Sue eventually call in Jacko to babysit their son; gradually, Jacko and Mikey\'s teacher become interested in each other. It is revealed that the dead reporter had been investigating a film studio, which is about to make a sequel to the action film Lethal Agent, despite the title\'s commercial failure. Mick becomes suspicious when several paintings from Southern Europe are brought onto the set; although at first he suspects drug smuggling, the pictures themselves are revealed to be missing art from a museum in former Yugoslavia thought lost in the recent civil wars. They are to appear in the movie as mere props, to be publicly \'destroyed\' in a scene in which they are set on fire, at which point they will have been exchanged for copies. Attempting to secure one of the paintings as evidence, Mick, Sue, and Jacko run afoul of the studio director and his thugs. Using the studio\'s props and two lions used in filming to defeat the gangsters, Mick and Sue solve the case and return to Australia, where they are officially married.'] ['Frank Detorre , a widowed slovenly zookeeper in Rhode Island\'s Sucat Memorial Zoo is upset of his young daughter, Shane . He eats compulsively unhealthily and has no regard for germs or disease. While trying to eat a hard-boiled egg with mayonnaise and salt before a chimpanzee drops it in its filth, Frank picks it up and disgustingly eats it and uses the "ten second rule" as a justification for the unsanitary act. Inside Frank\'s body, Osmosis "Ozzy" Jones , an agent of the FPD, is a funny, adventure-seeking white blood cell and a rebel cop, frequently disobeying authority to do what he thinks is right. He grew up poor on the "South Side" of Frank and is often mocked by his fellow cops due to his rebellious nature. He has been relocated to the mouth to fight against germs entering the body via ingestion after he induced Frank to vomit all over Shane\'s teacher, Mrs. Boyd, which was considered a false alarm because he had been the only one to suspect an incoming pathological threat. After several newcomer germs, believed to be gingivitis, hijack a "squad car" there, Ozzy and his senior partner, who is piloting their helicopter, are pulled into the lungs by a massive yawn while in pursuit. After the germs evade capture and pass into "Immunity\'s" jurisdiction, Ozzy disobeys direct orders and continues the pursuit on foot. The germs escape and Ozzy accidentally triggers a major cramp in Frank\'s leg. Meanwhile, as Frank\'s saliva cells work in the mouth to clear out the egg, a virus named Thrax emerges and goes to the left armpit to recruit some sweat germs for his big plan to launch a deadly infection with posing as a common cold while plotting something bigger. Meanwhile, Mayor Phlegmming is preparing for re-election, campaigning with the promise of more junk food and a trip to Buffalo, New York. His reckless policies are largely responsible for Frank\'s deteriorating health. In an attempt to cover up the severity of situation, Phlegmming "tells" Frank to take a cold-suppressant pill which nicknamed Drix , arrives in the body and covers Frank\'s infected throat with a disinfectant to soothe the irritation. Ozzy is assigned as Drix\'s partner, much to his chagrin. In the nose, Thrax starts his plan by flooding the nose with snot after Jones accidentally let a pollen ball get away. Back at Cerebellum Hall, the mayor threatens to send Jones down the next nosebleed if he can\'t keep quiet about a virus in the body. While Drix is offered a different partner, he decides to stay with Ozzy who has bad times and discovers why. Years ago, Frank ate some oysters off a kid\'s project at his daughter\'s science fair. Jones saw some remaining bacteria emerge, but feeling there wasn\'t time to call for back up, he instead hit the "puke" button. The results were bad: Frank lost his job, the teacher he puked on issued a 200-yard restraining order, and Osmosis got suspended and has been placed on out-of-the-way patrols ever since. Drix says that Jones was justified in his decision as oysters are a breeding ground for dangerous bacteria of any type. They later learn from a reformed Influenza germ that Thrax is more dangerous than the average germ. His current whereabouts are a zit on the forehead. Posing as germs, Ozzy and Drix enter and discover Thrax\'s plot to overheat Frank\'s body, killing him from the inside. He wants to become the nastiest new virus, attempting to kill each new victim faster than the previous. His plan for Frank\'s death within 48 hours, breaking all of his previous records. Ozzy and Drix confront him in The Zit, where Ozzy launches a grenade of medication at him and his cronies, popping the skin blemish, killing nearly all of his men, and seemingly ending his siege. Frank, meanwhile, tries to persuade Mrs. Boyd to lift the restraining order so he can go on a school camping trip with Shane, but the zit pops onto her lip, making her refusal official. Back at the precinct, Phlegmming argues with Ozzy and Drix who are fired and ordered to leave Frank\'s body, respectively. Thrax survives the explosion and, after killing off his remaining henchman for suggesting they lay low until they recruit help in larger number, decides to launch a lone assault on Frank\'s hypothalamus gland  by disabling its self-regulative capabilities. Arriving there, he uses his virus infecting finger to destroy the protoplasmic barrier around it, and retrieve a DNA bead. Soon after, Leah Estrogen, the mayor\'s less-oblivious secretary and Ozzy\'s love interest, discovers his work and alerts security. He manages to evade them; taking Leah hostage and escaping from the brain to the mouth. At the same time, Ozzy, in a movie theater showing dreams from the brain, discovers that Thrax is alive and in the brain when the screen colors turn a feverish red, and the dream he\'s watching becomes a nightmare with everyone laughing at Frank. He rushes to stop Drix from leaving the body and manages to convince him to help stop Thrax once and for all. Meanwhile, the temperature continues to rise, causing destruction all over the City of Frank. Frank is taken to the hospital under the influence of Thrax\'s attack. Ozzy and Drix rescue Leah and confront him, who leaves Frank\'s mouth after causing confusion using pollen bombs. Ozzy is launched out after him by Drix. They fight for the DNA chain on one of Shane\'s eyes and end up in her false eyelashes, which she was wearing atop her natural ones. During the fight, Thrax threatens to break his own record by killing off Shane, but Osmosis causes him to get stuck on the false eyelash and escapes onto Shane\'s eye while Thrax falls into a vessel of alcohol below, where he dissolves. During this time, the situation becomes even more dangerous when the temperature hits 108 degrees, causing Frank to go into cardiac arrest. Just as doctors give up, he is revived when Ozzy returns to him via one of Shane\'s tears with the chain that holds Frank\'s missing hypothalamus chromosome. Ozzy is reinstated into the "Immunity Force" with full privileges, he and Drix are declared heroes with the Chief of Police  rehiring him, and Leah tells Ozzy that she loves him. Drix is allowed to stay in Frank\'s body with him. . Sometime later, Frank and Shane spend some long needed father-daughter time together on a hike. Frank has also since begun to improve his diet and personal hygiene. Meanwhile, Phlegmming has lost his position as mayor and now has a new job, cleaning the bowels as a janitor. He accidentally ejects himself from the body via the rectum by touching a button that is marked "DO NOT TOUCH!" which triggers flatulence. To this, Frank makes a joke on his health by saying, "Out with the old, in with the new."'] ['Eddie Yang  is a Hong Kong police officer cooperating with Interpol in the capture of a crime lord named AJ "Snakehead" Staul . Snakehead procures an ancient book from a Chinese bookstore keeper, which tells the story of a boy being chosen every thousand years to bind the two halves of a legendary medallion. In Hong Kong, Eddie and Interpol agent Arthur Watson ([[Lee Evans  lead a raid to capture Snakehead and his men, who are about to kidnap the boy, named Jai . Eddie and the agents fight off Snakehead\'s men, infiltrating the temple containing Jai. Jai is saved but Snakehead eludes them. Two weeks later Snakehead captures Jai aboard a cargo boat in Hong Kong. Eddie and a team of Hong Kong police engage and defeat several of Snakehead\'s men, but Snakehead escapes with Jai to Dublin, Ireland. In Ireland, Eddie is assigned to help Interpol with the investigation, much to Watson\'s chagrin. Eddie is also reunited with his girlfriend, a British agent named Nicole James . By chance Eddie later encounters and apprehends one of Snakehead\'s top men, who confesses Jai is being held in the harbour. Eddie, Watson, and Nicole move to rescue Jai, defeating several Snakehead agents in the process. Eddie and Jai end up trapped inside a container, which is knocked into the water by one of Snakehead\'s men before they can be released. Eddie keeps Jai alive by an inflatable tent, but himself drowns. After being rescued, Jai uses his medallion on Eddie\'s body. In the morgue, Watson is grieving over Eddie\'s body when Eddie suddenly appears beside him. Eddie realizes Jai used the medallion to resurrect him, and his former body vanishes into nothingness. Jai splits the medallion into its two halves, giving one of them to Eddie. Snakehead\'s men appear in the hospital to recapture Jai and during the fight, Eddie discovers the medallion has also granted him superhuman strength and immortality. Nicole looks after Jai but he is captured again by Snakehead. At his castle hideout, Snakehead forces Jai to activate the medallion so he can gain its power, but with only one half of it, Snakehead only gains superhuman strength and remains mortal. To steal the other half, Snakehead and his men attack Watson\'s family. Watson\'s Chinese wife is revealed to be a police operative like him, much to Watson\'s surprise as he kept his job secret from his family. Together they fight off the attack from Snakehead\'s men. Eddie, Watson and Nicole learn the location of Snakehead\'s castle lair and go to finish him once and for all. The operation runs smoothly at first, but Snakehead kills Nicole and becomes immortal. He and Eddie engage in a vicious fight, until Eddie uses the medallion to take away the life it gave, destroying Snakehead. Jai allows Eddie to use the medallion to resurrect Nicole, who also gains super-strength and immortality. The two then run at superhuman speed into the distance as Jai enters another dimension through a portal, frightening Watson.'] ['Freebie and Bean are detectives with the San Francisco police. While distracted by his suspicions that his wife is having affair, Bean and his partner investigate racketeer Red Meyers, only to learn that a hit man is after Meyers as well.'] ["When gang master Hung died, his two followers Cheung and Chapman To were sent to Thailand to look for his son, Georgie Hung, to succeed him. Georgie, who is gay and lives as a cook with his boyfriend Frankie, is uninterested to continue his father's work. But his close friend Sam, adored the life of a gangster and took his position instead. Sam and Georgie thus returned to Hong Kong with their identities swapped. Upon returning, they discovered that Hung had accidentally killed Cheng Chow's father and now Cheng Chow, a leading gangster of a friendly gang, led by Chan Wai-Man, is looking to avenge for his father's death. Meanwhile, Chan Wai-Man wanted to let his daughter Julie to marry Sam in order to strengthen the bond between the two gangs. Sam initially agrees but later changed his mind when he discovered that Julie is not in love with him. Finally, Cheng Chow kidnapped both Julie and Sam and forced Georgie to lead his gang on a rescue mission. Georgie, with help from Julie and Sam, defeated Cheng Chow in the final battle and told him to accept the fact that his father's death was an accident. Then Cheng Chow saved Georgie when one of his men tried to take his life. Julie and Sam fell in love during the kidnapping and decided to get married while Sam and Georgie took joint leadership of the gang."] ['Beck  is a "retrieval expert", a bounty hunter, and after capturing a man in a club brawl wishes to get out of the business. He tells his boss, Walker  that he wants out, and his boss gives him one last job, head down to South America and get his son Travis . When Beck arrives in the town El Dorado  he meets Travis in the local bar. Travis doesn\'t want to go home, as he is close to discovering the "El Gato de Diablo" . Beck doesn\'t care, handcuffs him and begins to leave. They run into Hatcher  while leaving. Hatcher rules the town with an iron fist, forcing all the townsfolk to work for him for pennies as there is no other work in the area. Hatcher wants the Gato, as it could be worth a lot of money, and tries to take Travis. Beck easily defeats Hatcher\'s goons and begins to head back to the airfield. Travis forces the jeep off the road and the two are thrown down a mountain. Travis attempts to escape while Beck is disoriented, but he easily catches him and the two begin walking to the airfield. After an encounter with some local animals, the two run into the local resistance. At the resistance encampment, Travis convinces the Rebels that Beck works for Hatcher and was sent to kill them all. After a prolonged fight, with Beck eventually gaining the upper hand, the rebel leader Mariana  ends the fight. She wants Travis, as the Gato can be used to ensure the locals can free themselves from Hatcher. Hatcher suddenly attacks the camp, killing many rebels. Beck agrees the help Travis and Mariana find the Gato, in exchange for taking Travis home. After some searching, Travis leads them to a cave behind a waterfall. The cave is booby trapped and this causes a cave in. The group move quickly and Travis grabs the Gato as they all flee the collapsing cave. As the three are celebrating finding the Gato, Mariana chastises Travis as she knows all he wanted to do was sell the artifact, Travis argues back that he actually did want to give it to a museum. Mariana gives the two men Konlobos, a toxic fruit that paralyzes the eater. As she tells Beck which direction the airfield is, she leaves them with the fire to keep the animals away. After waking up able to move, Beck hauls Travis to the airfield. The local pilot tells Beck that Mariana was captured earlier by Hatcher, and will probably be killed. Travis pleads Beck to help, and the two head into town to rescue her. Using a cow stampede for cover, the two begin their assault on Hatcher\'s goons. Travis becomes trapped by gunfire in a bus, leading to Beck resorting to firearms, something he had previously said he is against, revealing he is a expert marksmen and easily dispatches many of Hatchers men. Hatcher tells his main guard to take Mariana and the Gato and flee, but they are stopped by Travis, who takes the Gato and leaves. Hatcher confronts Beck, but Beck grabs a gun and shoots Hatcher\'s from his hand. Hatcher is then confronted by the townspeople, and is shot and killed as he tries to leave. Travis reveals he didn\'t leave, gives the Gato to Mariana and the two of them leave as the villagers celebrate. Back in the U.S., Travis is delivered to his dad, who begins to verbally and physically abuse him. Beck comes in and asks to celebrate and gives Walker and his men Konlobos. As they are paralyzed, Beck and Travis leave, with Travis beginning to immediately annoy Beck.'] ['The film is set in 1970\'s and follows the titular Black Dynamite, a Vietnam veteran and former CIA agent who vows to clean up the streets of drug dealers and gangsters after his younger brother Jimmy is killed by a shady organization. O\'Leary, Black Dynamite\'s former Army and CIA partner, reinstates him into the agency because they do not want him seeking vengeance by himself. While trying to get to the bottom of Jimmy\'s murder, he finds out that his brother was actually working undercover for the CIA. Black Dynamite also discovers the shady organization is filling the black orphanages with heroin. He declares war on local drug dealers and successfully cleans up the streets, earning him the affection of Gloria, a black power activist who works at the local orphanage. After discovering the government\'s involvement in the drug ring, Black Dynamite steals the ledger belonging to corrupt Congressman James which details illegal shipments to a warehouse. Black Dynamite and his team  storm the warehouse to capture a big shipment. They learn of a top secret operation called "Code Kansas", but there are no drugs in the warehouse; only "Anaconda" brand malt liquor, a government-produced brand that, according to the advertising slogan, "Gives You Ooooooo!". In a diner, they decipher the slogan and uncover "Code Kansas" as a plan to literally emasculate African-American men through Anaconda Malt Liquor, which is formulated to "give  a little dick". Returning to the warehouse, Black Dynamite finds O\'Leary is part of the evil plan, but is just following orders. He kills O\'Leary before acquiring his next lead to find the source of the "Code Kansas" plan. Black Dynamite heads to Kung Fu Island, where he discovers that his old nemesis, Fiendish Dr. Wu, is responsible for creating the secret formula found in Anaconda Malt Liquor. In a protracted battle which kills Saheed, the two militants, and Bullhorn, Black Dynamite discovers the true identity of the mastermind of the entire operation - the White House. Black Dynamite then travels to the White House  and confronts President Richard Nixon, who has been giving the orders from the beginning. When Black Dynamite defeats Nixon in a kung-fu battle and threatens to expose Nixon as the subject of a series of bondage and cross dressing photographs, the president begs to be killed but Black Dynamite refuses and has Nixon watch out for his people. The film concludes with a monologue from Black Dynamite on his quest for justice as Gloria and Pat Nixon watch on rapturously.'] ['Hook-handed Vietnam veteran John "Four Leaf" Tayback\'s  memoir, Tropic Thunder, is being made into a film. With the exception of newcomer supporting actor Kevin Sandusky , the cast&mdash;fading action hero Tugg Speedman , five-time Academy Award-winning Australian method actor Kirk Lazarus , rapper Alpa Chino , and drug-addicted comedian Jeff Portnoy &mdash;behave unreasonably. Rookie director Damien Cockburn  cannot control them during filming of a large war scene and production is reported to be one month behind schedule. Cockburn is ordered by studio executive Les Grossman  to get filming back on track, or risk its cancellation. Acting on Tayback\'s advice, Cockburn drops the actors into the middle of the jungle, with hidden cameras and rigged special effects explosions to film "guerrilla-style". The actors have guns that fire blanks, along with a map and scene listing that will lead to a helicopter waiting at the end of the route. Unbeknownst to the actors and production, the group have been dropped in the middle of the Golden Triangle, the home of the heroin-producing Flaming Dragon gang. Shortly after the group set off, the five actors are stunned to see Cockburn blown up by an old land mine. Speedman, believing Cockburn faked his death, persuades the others that Cockburn is alive and that they are still shooting the film. Lazarus is unconvinced, but joins them in their trek through the jungle. When Tayback and pyrotechnics operator Cody Underwood  attempt to locate the dead director, they are captured by Flaming Dragon, at which point Tayback reveals that he fabricated his memoir and that he has hands. As the actors continue through the jungle, Lazarus and Sandusky discover that Speedman is leading them in the wrong direction. The four actors, tired of walking and hoping to be rescued, leave Speedman, who goes off by himself and is captured by Flaming Dragon. Taken to their heroin factory, Speedman believes it is a POW camp from the script. The gang discovers he is the star of their favorite film, the box office bomb Simple Jack, and force him to reenact it several times a day. Meanwhile in Los Angeles, Speedman\'s agent Rick Peck  is trying to negotiate with Grossman an unfulfilled term in Speedman\'s contract that entitles him to a TiVo. Flaming Dragon calls the two and demands a ransom for Speedman, but Grossman instead berates the gang. Despite the threats, Grossman expresses no interest in rescuing Speedman and attempts to convince Rick about the benefits of allowing Speedman to die and collecting the insurance. Grossman also offers Rick a Gulfstream V and money in return for his cooperation. Lazarus, Chino, Portnoy, and Sandusky discover Flaming Dragon\'s heroin factory. After seeing Speedman being tortured, they plan a rescue attempt based on the film\'s script. Lazarus impersonates a farmer towing a captured Portnoy on the back of a water buffalo, distracting the armed guards so Chino and Sandusky can locate the captives. After the gang notices inconsistencies in Lazarus\' story, the actors open fire, temporarily subduing them. When the gang realize they are being guarded by actors, they gather their guns and begin firing. The four actors locate Speedman, Tayback, and Underwood, and cross a bridge rigged to explode to get to their helicopter. Speedman asks to remain behind with the gang which he considers his family, but quickly returns when Flaming Dragon fire in pursuit. Tayback detonates the bridge allowing Speedman to reach safety, but as the helicopter takes off, the gang fires an RPG at the helicopter. Rick unexpectedly stumbles out of the jungle carrying a TiVo box and throws it in the path of the RPG, saving them. The crew return to Hollywood, where footage from the hidden cameras is compiled into a feature film, Tropic Blunder, which becomes a major critical and box office hit. The film wins Speedman his first Academy Award, which Lazarus presents to him at the ceremony.'] ["The scene is set sometime in the near future, after some type of apocalypse or war, and Thailand has been taken over by the United States. Just released from prison, aging assassin Bae Buffgun is offered a job – killing Bangkok's police chief. Buffgun forms a team of killers, comprising his old partner, Ghost Rifle and two newcomers, Dog Badbomb, a short-tempered explosives expert and Elvis M-16, who's suffered some of trauma that makes him think he's Elvis Presley. Meanwhile, Thailand's most deadly assassin, Kit Silencer has also been hired to kill the top cop. Confusion ensues, and even though the chief is killed, the crime lord who hired the killers wants them all dead anyway. All the hitmen have issues: * Buffgun is guilt-ridden over abandoning his daughter years earlier. * Ghost Rifle is haunted by the accidental shooting of his beautiful wife. * Dog harbours a secret reason for his allegiance to Elvis. * Elvis really believes he is Elvis Presley , and because the real Elvis didn't speak Thai, Elvis M-16 is incapable of understanding the language and can only respond to English commands. But none of the other hitmen speak English. * Kit Silencer is driven by avenging the deaths of his parents, who were killed by a man with a trident tattoo on the inside of his right wrist. He checks everyone he kills or comes into contact with for that tattoo. Buffgun happens to be wearing a bandage over the exact spot on his wrist where a tattoo might be, so Kit suspects the older gunman."] ['After multinational conglomerate GloboTech Industries acquires the Heartland toy company, an arrogant CEO Gil Mars  tasks toymakers Larry Benson and Irwin Wayfair  develop actual live-action toys capable of "playing back". Mars selects the military themed action figures the Commando Elite for the project, and educational toys the Gorgonites for their enemies. After Mars forgoes safety testing and sets a short production time, Benson chooses GloboTech\'s overly powerful intelligent AI munitions integrated circuit to power the toys. Teenager Alan Abernathy signs off for a shipment of the toys at his family\'s toy store without his father\'s consent. He and a delivery truck driver named Joe investigate the toys, introducing the Gorgonites\' leader Archer, and the Commando Elite\'s leader Chip Hazard. The daughter of Alan\'s next door neighbor and love interest, Christy Fimple , buys Chip as a birthday present for her brother Timmy. After Archer sneaks to Alan\'s home in Alan\'s backpack, Alan realizes that the toy is a sentient being, but in the meantime, the Commando Elite awaken and apparently destroy the Gorgonites in the toy store. Alan calls the company and fills in a complaint. Later, Larry and Irwin hear about Alan\'s complaint on the recorder. Larry and Irwin wonder how Alan got the toys since they were supposed to be released on a later date. Larry tries to ignore the problem until he slips up about the AI chips, and Irwin learns that these chips were originally designed for military purposes. Larry and Irwin head to the facility that made the munitions chips. They talk to the creator of the AI chips. The creator tells them that the AI munitions chips can learn and grow based on their programming and they can also overcome their programming. However, the AI munitions chips had the flaw that they can\'t stand an EMP, which caused the government to shut down the AI munitions chips experiment, which upsets the creator since his AI chips was his finest work. Meanwhile, Chip and his squad pursue Alan to his home and attempt to kill him and Archer. Alan is attacked by Nick Nitro, whom he mortally wounds using a garbage disposal unit. The next day, Alan and Archer find the rest of the Gorgonites in a dumpster outside of the toy store. At home, Alan learns the group seek their homeland Gorgon, which they mistake for Yosemite National Park. The Commando Elite, aware of Alan\'s interest in Christy upon intercepting a phone call occurring between them, invade the Fimples\' house, drug Christy\'s parents, tie up and gag Timmy and place him in a closet, turn Christy\'s collection of Gwendy dolls into auxiliaries and finally capture Christy herself with the dolls, binding and gagging her. They send a video message to Alan, telling him to surrender the Gorgonites or Christy will die. Alan and Archer distract the Commandos and sneak into the Fimple house to save Christy, who warms up to Alan for his courage. She is tied to a chair and gagged, but Archer frees her. They are then pursued down the street by the Commando Elite in heavily armed kit-bash vehicles, but they are all destroyed during the chase - except Chip, who locates Joe\'s truck full of recalled Commando toys. At Alan\'s house, Irwin and Larry seek out Alan after monitoring his phone call about the dangerous nature of the toys. Chip attacks the house with an army of Commandos, equipped with large numbers of improvised vehicles and weapons, and a battle breaks out between the Commando Elite and the humans inside. During the battle, the humans learn they can fry the toys\' chips with an EMP blast. Alan heads out to destroy a nearby powerline to overload it and create such a pulse; Christy, Irwin and Larry head to the Fimples\' house to turn on all of the electronic items inside and wedge the power transformers open to reinforce the pulse. The normally peaceful Gorgonites also exit the house and fight back against the Commando Elite. Chip flies to the top of the powerline pole to stop Alan, where he briefly battles and defeats Archer. But just as Chip claims victory, Alan seizes Chip and jams him into the powerline, triggering an EMP blast which kills Chip along with all of the remaining Commando Elite and Gwendy toys. The next day, while the police and firefighters are cleaning up, Gil arrives in his helicopter. He then bribes Joe, the Fimples, and the Abernathys into silence and then orders Larry and Irwin to prepare the Commando Elite for actual military commando missions in South America for their effectiveness. Amidst the craziness of the aftermath, Alan and Christy part on highly amicable terms, and Alan later discovers that the Gorgonites survived the EMP blast by hiding underneath the Fimples\' large satellite dish. He accompanies them into Yosemite National Park, where he sends them out in a large toy boat from his father\'s store to find their island home of Gorgon.'] ['Race teams have gathered in Connecticut to start their cross-country race. One at a time, teams drive up to the starters\' stand, punch a time card to indicate their time of departure, then take off. Among the teams are: :*J.J. McClure  and Victor Prinzi  drive a souped-up, but otherwise authentic, Dodge Tradesman ambulance.  :*Former open-wheel icon  Jamie Blake , and his teammate Morris Fenderbaum , dressed as Catholic priests drive a red Ferrari 308 GTS. (Based on an entry in the real-life 1972 race, in which three men disguised as priests  :*Jill Rivers  and Marcie Thatcher , two attractive women start the race in a black Lamborghini Countach. :*Jackie Chan and Michael Hui race as drivers of a high-tech, computer-laden Subaru GL Hatchback with a rocket-powered engine. :*A pair of good ol\' boys, played by Terry Bradshaw and Mel Tillis, drive a street-legal replica of Donnie Allison\'s Hawaiian Tropic-sponsored NASCAR Winston Cup Chevrolet stock car owned by Hoss Ellington.  :*Roger Moore plays "heir to the Goldfarb Girdles fortune" Seymour Goldfarb, Jr., who perpetually identifies himself as actor Roger Moore and signs in to the race under that name; his character behaves similarly to James Bond and only once  is referred to by his real name. He drives a silver Aston Martin DB5. :*Jamie Farr portrays an oil-rich Middle-Eastern Sheikh driving a white Rolls-Royce Silver Shadow. At the starting line, observing from the shadows, is Mr. Arthur J. Foyt , a representative of the , who tries to stop the race because of its environmental effects and safety issues. In the car with him is Pamela Glover. Shortly after they leave the starting line, J.J. and Victor  come across Foyt and Glover, who have been involved in a minor fender-bender. Glover implores J.J. and Victor to help, but when they tell Foyt to enter the ambulance through the back door, they kidnap Glover and take off without Foyt. As the race progresses, various teams are shown either evading law enforcement, most of which deal with talking their way out of a possible ticket, or concocting crazy schemes to outmaneuver their opponents. :*Jill and Marcie use sex appeal as their weapon, unzipping their race suits to display copious amounts of cleavage during traffic stops.  :*In New Jersey, the ambulance is pulled over by state troopers; Dr. Van Helsing drugs Glover, and J.J. and Victor are able to convince the troopers that they\'re rushing "the Senator\'s wife" to UCLA for medical treatment . :*The Subaru team is able to turn off their car\'s headlights and use infrared sensors for racing at night. :*Seymour Goldfarb is frequently shown evading police by using various James Bond-type gadgets  installed in his Aston Martin DB5. :*Mr. Compton  and "Super Chief" Finch  disguise themselves as a newlywed couple on a motorbike, but Finch\'s extra weight forces the two to ride cross-country in a permanent wheelie. The primary rivalry in the film is between the teams in the ambulance and the Ferrari. In Ohio, Fenderbaum and Blake are able to convince Victor to pull over their ambulance in order to bless the patient on board. While Blake carries out the blessing, Fenderbaum punctures one of the ambulance\'s rear tires with a knife. Later in Missouri, J.J. gets his revenge by convincing a nearby police officer that the two men dressed as priests are actually sex perverts who are responsible for the flashing victim in the ambulance. Meanwhile Foyt, with the help of his government agency, is able to set up a roadblock and catch several teams . Similar scenes continue to build up to the conclusion of the movie. The remaining teams find themselves stopped on a desert highway, next to a roadside market, waiting for construction work to clear the road ahead of them. While waiting, a biker gang  shows up and begins harassing Compton and Finch. The harassing quickly gets out of hand and a free-for-all fistfight ensues with everyone getting in on the action. Naturally the Subaru team  and the remaining teams join in the massive fight. In the middle of the fight, the construction crew announces that the road is open, and the teams sprint back to their cars for the final race to the finish. The ambulance falls behind the rest of the pack, until Victor changes into his super-hero alter-ego Captain Chaos. The vehicles all arrive at the finish line\'s parking lot at the same time, and it\'s a foot race to the finish line . In the sprint, J.J. hands his team\'s time card to Victor, then ambushes the remaining racers, leaving only Victor and one of the Lamborghini women. Just when it appears Victor will reach the time clock first, a scream rings out and a spectator shouts that her "baby" has fallen into the water. Victor, still in his Captain Chaos persona, quits the race and rushes to save the baby , allowing Marcie to clock in first and win the race. After Marcie won, J.J. got mad at Victor for saving a dog instead of winning and then saids that Victor needs to stop being Captain Chaos, then Victor saids he doesn\'t care and he wanted to be Captain USA. Foyt then appeared and asked everyone how happy for ruining the American highway, then Seymor offered him a cigar and told him to use the lighter in his car  and nothing happened when he told everybody to see what happens next, Seymor then asked how he lit his cigar and pressed the button and his plan backfired him as he plummed to the water. Everyone then celebrated after Seymor did his backfire on his lighter.'] ["Johnny and Adam are teenage surfers who reside in Los Angeles with their father Mac. Two weeks before Johnny's 16th birthday, ninjas attack the teenagers, but they are stopped by Zatch, a warrior with an eye patch. A follow-up attack results in the kidnapping of Mac, while Zatch is able to get the teenagers and their friend Iggy away from the ninjas. Adam discovers that the video game on his Sega Game Gear correlates with the events happening around him and that he can control some events through his console. Safely away from the ninjas, Zatch reveals to Johnny and Adam that they are the sons of the king of Patusan, whose land and monarchy was overthrown by Colonel Chi when the boys were young. Zatch tells them that it is their destiny to return to Patusan, overthrow Colonel Chi, and rescue the population. Zatch takes the boys to the Patusani district in Los Angeles, the home of refugees from Chi's rule. Johnny is introduced to a Patusani princess, Ro-May, who has been betrothed to Johnny since childhood. Ninjas attack the group again, and Johnny finds his inherent abilities as a warrior prince emerge, successfully defeating several foes. With the ninjas dispatched, Johnny, Adam, Iggy, Zatch, and Ro-May decide to travel to Patusan. They are followed by a detective, Lieutenant Spence, who had been investigating the ninja attacks on the boys. The group reaches Patusan and see the effects of Colonel Chi's rule, including a burned village and a Patusani chain gang monitored by Chi's henchmen. When Adam and Spence inadvertently fall into the sight of the henchmen, the group is forced to fight them. The henchmen are defeated, and the villagers are freed from the chain gang. Zatch then leads the group to uncover a hidden cave in which the weapons of the Patusani monarchy are stored. Using his Game Gear and being helped by a monkey, Adam is able to uncover the cave for the group. In the cave, Zatch arms Johnny and attacks him in a tribulation to prepare the boy for future challenges. Johnny is beaten down repeatedly, but he is able to achieve the upper hand and disarm Zatch. The group rallies the villagers to overthrow Colonel Chi, and they travel to the shore of the mainland across from an island that is the home to the royal city and Chi's dungeon. Unable to take a boat to the unprotected side of the island due to an impassable reef, Johnny and Adam tell the Patusanis, who are expert at wood carving, to carve surfboards. With everyone equipped with their own surfboard, they swim to the unprotected side. After landing at the island, Johnny and Zatch lead the attack on the royal city, taking down Chi's henchmen. Johnny and Adam's adoptive father Mac is freed, and Johnny confronts Colonel Chi, successfully defeating him  with the help of Adam and his Game Gear. With Chi's rule undone, peace is restored to Patusan. Johnny is seated as the heralded warrior prince with Ro-May as his princess and Adam as a prince. Johnny declares for the monarchy to be dissolved and announces that Patusan would operate as a democracy under the people."] ["Doctor Dré and Ed Lover are two bumbling barbers at a Harlem barbershop. Knowing full well that cutting hair is not their calling, their boss, friend, and mentor Nick ([[Jim Moody  tells the two maybe they should try out for the police academy. Crazily enough, it works out for the two, and they are accepted on the New York police force. Things seem to be going well for them, when tragedy suddenly strikes, and they lose a close friend. Now enforcers of the law, the tag team decides to investigate the incident, which they believe to be a murder. Ed and Dre find out through the streets that a crooked land developer named Demetrius ([[Richard Bright  might have had something to do with their friend's death, and proceed to attempt to dig up as much dirt on him as possible. This proves to be difficult, however, when they've got a nutty Sergeant , a moody detective , and a bunch of unwilling street hoods ([[Guru  to go through to get the information they need. Though there aren't any certain clues to be found, strange happenings are certainly going on, as Demetrius' company seems to be digging for something rather than looking to build on all the property he's buying up in their Harlem neighborhood, and the bodies slowly continue to pile up around them. Tagline: The first hip-hop whodunnit!"] ['It is 2010. A failure as a 3rd grade teacher and a family man, Shinichi Ichikawa lives with his cheating wife, his teenage daughter who dates older men, and his son who is bullied because of his father\'s presence in the school. Escaping from everyday life, Shinichi secretly dresses up nightly as "Zebraman", the title character from an unpopular 1970\'s tokusatsu TV series he watched as a child before it was canceled after the seventh episode. As a result of meeting a wheelchair-using transfer student named Shinpei Asano, also a fan of Zebraman, Shinichi not only regains his love for teaching but also develops feelings for the boy\'s mother. At the same time, a rash of strange crimes and murders have been occurring around the school at which Shinichi teaches. On his way to Shinpei\'s house in his costume to give him a surprise, Shinichi fights a crab-masked serial killer whom he defeats when he starts exhibiting actual superpowers. Confronting more criminals who are possessed by a strange slime-based alien force, Shinichi learns that the Zebraman series was actually a cautionary prophecy of an actual alien invasion written by the school\'s principal, revealed to be an alien who refused to go through with the invasion and attempted to keep his kind from getting out from below the school before they kill him off and attack in full fury. Though he knows how the show ends, Shinichi defies his predestined fate as he is the only person who can stop the aliens from taking over the Earth. In result when the aliens merge from the ground the Government informs the United States who will perform an airstrike on the aliens. Realizing this Shinichi learns of his powers and defeats the aliens.'] ["Two young lovers, Sam Freeman  and Paula Powers , want to get married in Las Vegas. When Paula introduces Sam to her parents they dispute their daughter's decision: they see Collins Hedgeworth , the son of a wealthy family in the area, as her fiancée. Paula's parents are rich as well and her father, Bigby Powers , is planning to run for governor. They think Sam is marrying Paula for the money and call him a fortune hunter, which Paula fiercely disputes. Sam is thrown off the premises and Paula is sent to her room. She escapes through the window, steals her parents' Rolls-Royce, picks up Sam and hits the road: this is the beginning of two runaway lovers in a wild explosive car chase and race towards Las Vegas. As news of their elopement spreads, several people start off after them to try to stop the fleeing couple. Paula's father, Bigby Powers starts the chase by arranging his helicopter. Collins Hedgeworth leaves his stable and starts chasing his love interest like mad. When he calls to the TenQ radio station – to DJ Curly Q. Brown  – he offers a USD$25,000 reward for the ones who can catch Paula and Sam. As a result the chase becomes more and more chaotic as many people along and on the road try to stop the couple in order to claim the reward. A number of cars are wrecked and stolen, and a subsequent reward of $25,000 is offered for Collins Hedgeworth, who is wanted by the police for grand theft auto, after he stole a car. With so many cars following them, Paula and Sam turn onto small, country roads to try to lose their pursuers. He wants to head somewhere else to get married, but she is set on a Vegas wedding. Paula's father makes an emotional appeal to her via telephone, but she refuses to listen to him. As they approach Las Vegas, Sam begins to have doubts about Paula's reasons for elopment, and questions whether she is genuinely motivated by affection for him or a desire to spite her father. She persuades him that she does want to marry him. The chase is gaining increasing coverage in the news media, with live cameras following the chase. The pursuing cars become involved in a demolition derby, leading to a massive pile-up. The priceless Rolls Royce is totally destroyed, but Paula and Sam manage to escape. They eventually get married."] ["The year after training a young Freddy Wong  in Drunken Boxing, Beggar So / Sam Seed returns to find that his wife has adopted a son Foggy. Sam takes a disliking to the boy and tortures him mentally and physically. Devastated, the boy runs away and takes a job at an inn, where he meets Rubber Legs and his student. He overhears that they are looking for Beggar So and want to kill him, making Rubber Legs' Northern 'Drunk Mantis' Boxing supreme. However, Foggy returns home to warn Beggar So, who has injured by Rubber Legs. Beggar So sends Foggy to a sickness teacher for herbs to cure him, and the doctor teaches him a dreaded style called 'Sickness Boxing'. Now, armed with this sick form of fighting, Foggy is ready for Drunk Mantis. In the end, Foggy goes berserk and kills Rubber Legs. Unable to escape from his trance, he had mistakes about a Beggar So as Rubber Legs and attacks him, the film closes as Foggy leaps after his adopted father as the doctor watches on."] ['Rich Texas wheeler-dealer Big Enos Burdette ([[Pat McCormick  and his son, Little Enos ([[Paul Williams , are trying to find a truck driver willing to haul Coors beer to Georgia for their refreshment. At the time, transporting Coors east of the Mississippi River is considered bootlegging, and truck drivers who had taken the bet previously had been discovered and arrested by "Smokey" . At a local truck rodeo, the Texans locate legendary truck driver Bo "Bandit" Darville  and offer him $80,000 to haul 400 cases of Coors beer from Texarkana, Texas to the "Southern Classic" in Georgia – in 28 hours, driving a total of {{convert}}.  Bandit accepts the bet and recruits his best friend and fellow truck driver Cledus "Snowman" Snow  to drive the truck, promising to buy him a new truck. Snowman brings along his dog, a Basset Hound named "Fred", for company. After requesting an advance from the Burdettes for a "speedy car", Bandit purchases a black Pontiac Trans Am, which he drives himself as a "blocker" car to deflect attention away from the truck and its illegal cargo. The duo reach Texas ahead of schedule, load their truck with Coors, and immediately head back towards Georgia. Shortly thereafter, Bandit picks up professional dancer and runaway bride Carrie , whom he nicknames "Frog" because "you\'re cute and I\'d like to jump ya". However, by picking up Carrie, Bandit becomes the target of Texas Sheriff Buford T. Justice , "a respectable law officer of over thirty years seniority", whose handsome yet very simple-minded son Junior ([[Mike Henry  was to have been Carrie\'s groom. The remainder of the film is essentially one big high-speed chase, as Bandit and Frog attract continuous attention from local and state police throughout Arkansas, Mississippi, and Alabama while Snowman barrels eastward with the Coors beer. Despite leaving his home jurisdiction, Sheriff Justice and his son continue to pursue Bandit, even as various mishaps cause their squad car to disintegrate around them. Bandit and Snowman are greatly assisted by a number of colorful characters they encounter along the way, many of whom are truckers they contact through their CB radios; these acquaintances allow them to escape police pursuit on numerous occasions. Neither Justice nor any of the other police officers are ever aware of Snowman\'s illegal cargo of Coors, as they are more interested in capturing the "legendary" Bandit. Despite near-constant police pursuit and several roadblocks, Bandit, Snowman, Frog and Fred arrive at the Southern Classic with a full trailer of Coors and ten minutes to spare, with Cledus blazing a trail into the grounds with his truck. Instead of taking their payoff, they accept the Texans\' new offer to drive to Boston and bring back clam chowder in 18 hours, for double the original bet or nothing. As they are leaving for Boston in one of Big Enos\' Cadillacs, they see Justice\'s badly damaged car on the roadside. Bandit calls Justice over the radio, and, after a brief bit of mutual respect , Justice angrily demands to know where he is. Bandit describes himself as Big Enos in order to put him on a false lead, but then decides that Justice is "too good a man" and tells him, "Look over your left shoulder." As Bandit and his friends drive off, Justice turns to pursue them in futility with his car disintegrating further, leaving Junior to chase haplessly after his father on foot  as the credits roll.'] ['Pootie Tang , born in "a small city outside Gary, Indiana", is portrayed as a ladies\' man who is "too cool for words", even as a young child. His life is marked by the deaths of his mother "Momma Dee", and shortly thereafter his father "Daddy Tang" , who dies after being mauled by a gorilla during his shift at the steel mill . Just before Daddy Tang\'s death, Pootie inherits his father\'s belt and is told that  he can "whoop anyone\'s ass with just that belt." As a young adult, Pootie Tang rises to fame and becomes well known for a variety of reasons. He sings in night clubs, stars in public service announcements for children, produces top-of-the-charts music hits, and generally defeats wrongdoers with the power of his belt. Dick Lecter , the CEO of multi-industrial conglomerate LecterCorp, learns of Pootie Tang\'s positive influence on society — and his negative influence on LecterCorp\'s bottom line. After his henchmen and a vile villain named Dirty Dee  are sent away by Pootie\'s friends, Lecter encourages his right-hand lady, Ireenie , to seduce Pootie Tang into signing an agreement with LecterCorp that would stop Pootie Tang\'s influence on America\'s children. Pootie Tang falls for Ireenie\'s tricks and subsequently falls apart. His status as pop culture icon is destroyed, and he engages on a quest to "find [him]self". This journey is encouraged by Biggie Shortie , who promises to wait for Pootie to return to her and to the rest of society. Pootie moves to a farm where the local sheriff decides Pootie and his daughter should start dating. After his single corn stalk dies, he has a vision of Daddy Tang and Momma Dee. Daddy Tang reveals that there is nothing special about Pootie\'s belt; instead, Pootie must fight evil with the goodness that is inside him. After dealing with Dirty Dee and his henchman Froggy , Pootie realizes he must move back to the city and fight crime once again. Pootie Tang returns to the city just as Dick Lecter is unveiling the first of his new restaurant chain, Pootie\'s Bad Time Burgers. At a small news conference, Pootie confronts Lecter only to discover that Lecter has amassed dozens of "Pootie-alikes"  who will spread the message of LecterCorp around the nation. Pootie Tang, with the help of Biggie Shortie, defeats all of these henchmen and Lecter himself. Good triumphs over evil once again, and Biggie Shortie finally gets her man: she and Pootie Tang plan to get married now that Pootie is back. Elsewhere, Dick Lecter leaves corporate life and becomes an actor, Ireenie leaves him and becomes a counselor helping at-risk teenage prostitutes, and Dirty Dee is still dirty.'] ['In London, the British mob boss Lenny Cole  rules the growing real estate business using a corrupt Councillor  for the bureaucratic services and his henchman Archy  for the dirty work. The main characters are introduced in Archy\'s opening voiceover . A billionaire Russian businessman, Uri Omovich , plans a crooked land deal, and London\'s crooks all want a piece of it. Other key players include the underhand accountant Stella  and ambitious small-time crook One-Two  leading a group called the "Wild Bunch" which includes Mumbles  and Handsome Bob . Uri Omovich meets Lenny for a real estate business and Lenny charges seven-million Euros for the deal; Uri accepts, calls his accountant Stella to launder the necessary funds and lends his lucky painting to Lenny to bring success and fortune to their business. Stella, however, double-crosses Uri and tips off the Wild Bunch to steal the money, while, at the same time, the lucky painting is stolen from Lenny\'s wall by his "junkie" rocker stepson Johnny Quid . In an attempt to find Johnny, Lenny and Archy enlist his record producers Mickey  and Roman  to help track him down. In order to gain leverage over them, Cole\'s men make it clear that their concerts and clubs will be shut down if they do not comply. Meanwhile, after Uri\'s money is violently stolen by the Wild Bunch a second time from a pair of Russian bodyguards, his assistant Victor begins to suspect that it is Lenny who is been stealing the money and purposely keeping Uri\'s painting from him. This theory enrages Uri, who lures Lenny to a private golf game and has his legs broken, warning him to return his painting without delay. Coincidentally, Cookie buys Uri\'s lucky painting from some crackheads who had just stolen it from Johnny\'s hideout. Cookie then gives the painting to One-Two, who, in turn, offers the painting to Stella  as a token of appreciation for the work she has provided the gang. After Stella leaves his flat, One-Two is assaulted by Uri\'s henchmen and is about to be tortured but is rescued, and then kidnapped, by Archy who had come to his home upon finding out One-Two was involved in stealing Uri\'s money. Uri makes a decision regarding Stella, whom he has been smitten with for a long time. He arrives at Stella\'s house to seal their arrangements while also asking her to marry him, but spots his lucky painting in Stella\'s living room. On being asked how long she\'s had it, Stella says she has had it for years, not knowing it is actually his. It is implied that Uri orders Victor to kill her. Meanwhile, Archy brings Johnny, the Wild Bunch, Mickey, and Roman to Lenny\'s warehouse, where Johnny begins to verbally provoke his crippled stepfather. Just as Johnny is about to reveal a damning truth about Lenny in front of everyone, Lenny shoots him in the stomach. Lenny then orders that Johnny, Roman, and Mickey be taken downstairs and executed. He angrily demands that the Wild Bunch tell him where Uri\'s money is. Handsome Bob calls out to Archy and offers the documents in his jacket pocket, confirming what Johnny had been about to reveal: that the "rat" in the ranks, codenamed "Sidney Shaw", was Lenny all along. Lenny arranged with the police to routinely throw many of his associates in prison for years at a time in order to secure his own freedom and sow fear among his gang. One-Two, Mumbles, and even Archy were among the people Lenny has informed on over the years. With the information brought to light, Archy orders Lenny\'s men to free the Wild Bunch and angrily oversees Lenny\'s execution by drowning. Meanwhile, in the lift on their way to their deaths, Johnny graphically explains to Mickey and Roman how they will be executed. His description unnerves the man who\'s to execute the 3 men, prompting him to make a move prematurely. Having also already anticipated this move, Johnny warns Mickey and Roman to intervene and kill their would-be executioner. Johnny shoots two more men waiting at the top of the lift. They overcome the last of the gangsters  and escape. Later, Archy picks up a rehabilitated, but still eccentric, Johnny Quid from the hospital. Archy gives Uri\'s lucky painting to Johnny as a peace offering and "welcome home present", which Johnny happily accepts. Archy reveals to Johnny that obtaining the painting "cost a very wealthy Russian an arm and a leg". The film closes with Johnny proclaiming that, with his newfound freedom from addiction and his father, he will do what he could not before: "become a real RocknRolla". The end credits suggest there will be a sequel titled The Real RocknRolla.'] ['Teresa "Terry" Doolittle  transfers funds for the First National Bank in Manhattan, New York. She does not quite fit with the bank\'s corporate image, despite being a good employee and popular with her coworkers. However, she is often chastised by her no-nonsense boss James Page . Set against the backdrop of the pre-Glasnost Cold War, Terry is contacted by a man calling himself "Jumpin\' Jack Flash" who turns out to be a British Intelligence agent in Eastern Europe that is being pursued by the KGB. After being given a riddle for his password, Terry determines the password to be B-flat, after the key in which "Jumpin\' Jack Flash" is supposedly written . Jack sends her to the British Consulate to deliver the message "Dog\'s barking, can\'t fly without umbrella" to Department C. Despite feeling ludicrous, Terry delivers the message to Jeremy Talbot ([[John Wood  who is apparently puzzled and sends Terry away, telling her there is no Department C. Jack then asks her to enter his apartment in New York to retrieve a frying pan, on which are Jack\'s CIA contacts to acquire a passport. Meanwhile, Marty Phillips  arrives at First National Bank as a new coworker and, unbeknownst to her, Terry is being watched. A computer technician  shows up at the bank to repair her terminal, but when Terry calls Sperry Corporation to confirm his identity, the technician vanishes. As she enters a taxi upon leaving Jack\'s apartment, she is frightened to find him as the driver . His plans to abduct her fail when she knocks him out with the frying pan and flees the cab. Using the contacts on the frying pan, Terry attempts unsuccessfully to contact Peter Caen, but does reach Mark Van Meter , who meets her at the docks. After being stunned to realize Terry is a civilian and has no relationship at all with the intelligence community, Van Meter notices they are being watched and pushes Terry off the docks and into the East River to save her life, but is shot and killed himself. The police dismiss Terry\'s claim of the murder and Marty comes to the station and takes her home. Jack then tells her how to break into the British Consulate central computer. Conning her way in under the guise of an entertainer, she manages to enter the mainframe, but Talbot deactivates the computer link before Jack receives a contact. Going through one of Jack\'s romantic contacts, Lady Sarah Billings , Terry is rebuffed and then captured by the KGB, who lock her in a phone booth and drag her around the city. After escaping when the booth is knocked over, Terry is injected with truth serum by the computer tech, this time posing as a police officer, but escapes after trapping his arm in a car window and rolling the car into traffic. In a drug-induced haze, Terry again contacts Sarah and makes an impassioned plea for her help. Sarah tells Terry she would rather let Jack be killed than risk losing face. A disgusted Terry chastises Sarah for her indifference to Jack\'s plight and walks out. She then stumbles into work and after embarrassing Mr. Page by yanking off his fake hairpiece in front of the entire office, passes out. Terry awakens at home and is dropped in on by Sarah who has had a change of heart and gives her a contact. After passing the contact to Jack, she is again captured by the KGB and learns that Talbot is a KGB mole and the contact he provided  is a setup to kill Jack. After nearly being tortured with a power sander, Terry escapes and is caught by police. After realizing the police are arresting her rather than protecting her, Terry escapes. She rushes to the bank to warn Jack, but is again ambushed by the KGB and Talbot. After struggling with the KGB and biting Talbot\'s groin, she confirms to Jack that the contact will kill him. A gun-wielding Marty kills the last of Talbot\'s henchmen, identifies himself as Peter Caen, and gives Jack the correct contact. After initially not showing up at a restaurant where he and Terry plan to meet, Jack  appears in her office to thank her personally by taking her out to dinner.'] ['The film begins as Ray Tango drives a late-model Cadillac convertible in pursuit of a tanker truck. He cleverly stops the truck but the LA County authorities find only gasoline in the tank. Tango shoots the tank and cocaine pours out of the bullet hole. Meanwhile, Gabriel Cash arrives at his apartment driving an old Corvette. He is shot by an intruder, but is protected by a bullet-proof vest and captures the shooter in a parking garage after a car chase. At the police station, Cash forces the shooter to tell him about a deal scheduled to take place that night. However, the "deal" is really a plan by Yves Perret to frame Tango and Cash for murder. Tango and Cash separately go to an empty building, preceded by a man named Requin, Perret\'s lead henchman. After surprising each other, the two detectives find a dead man with audio equipment hidden under his clothing and a team of FBI agents swarms in. Agent Wyler finds Cash\'s pistol on the floor and arrests both Cash and Tango. At their murder trial, the detectives are incriminated by an audio tape, secretly given to Wyler by Requin and verified in court by an audio expert, which appears to reveal them shooting the FBI agent after discussing a drug purchase. They plead no contest to a lesser charge in exchange for reduced sentences in a minimum-security prison, but are transported to a maximum-security prison to be housed with many of the criminals they arrested in the past. Once in prison, Tango and Cash are rousted from their bunks and tortured by Requin and a gang of prisoners until Matt Sokowski, the assistant warden and Cash\'s former commanding officer, rescues them. Sokowski recommends that they escape and provides them with a plan, but Tango refuses to go along with it. When Cash tries to escape, he finds Sokowski murdered and is attacked by prisoners. Tango rescues him and the two of them escape. Once outside the prison walls, Tango tells Cash if he needs to contact him, to go to a dance club called Cleopatra\'s and ask for a woman named Katherine. They then go separate ways. The detectives then visit the witnesses who framed them in court. Wyler admits to Tango that Requin was in charge of the setup, and Cash discovers that the audio expert made the incriminating tape himself. Cash finds Katherine at Cleopatra\'s. Katherine helps Cash escape the night club as police move in on him. Later that night, Cash learns that Katherine is Tango\'s sister. As Tango arrives and finds them in a compromising position . Tango and Cash are met at Katherine\'s house by Tango\'s commanding officer, Schroeder, who gives them Requin\'s address and tells them they have 24 hours to find out who Requin works for. Tango and Cash apprehend Requin and trick him into telling them Perret\'s name. Armed with a high-tech assault vehicle, loaned to them by Cash\'s weapons expert friend Owen, they drive to Perret\'s headquarters, crash through the outer fence, destroy a fleet of armed trucks, hijack two heavy vehicles, crash into the main building and kill several guards. At this point, Perret, who has kidnapped Katherine, starts a timer that will trigger the building\'s automatic self-destruct procedure. After killing Perret\'s core security personnel, Tango and Cash are confronted by Requin, who is holding Katherine at knifepoint but throws her aside to fight the detectives hand-to-hand with the help of another henchman. The detectives defeat the two henchmen and when Perret appears, holding a gun to Katherine\'s head, they kill him and leave with Katherine just before the building explodes. Afterward, they joke half-seriously about Cash\'s desire to date Katherine. The film ends with a newspaper headline celebrating their vindication.'] ["Star Chow  is about to be kicked out of the Royal Hong Kong Police's elite Special Duties Unit . But a senior officer decides to give him one last chance: Star must go undercover as a student at the Edinburgh High School in Hong Kong to recover the senior officer's missing revolver. The undercover operation is made complicated when Star is partnered with Tat - an aging, incompetent police detective . However, Star still manages to fall in love with Ms Ho , the school's guidance counselor, as well as disrupting a gang involved in arms-dealing."] ["A witness against the Mafia is being secretly held until the trial when a violent attempt against her that kills several of her guards is made. She disappears and Chris Lecce  and Bill Reimers  are called upon due to their excellent surveillance record, to stake out a lakeside home where she is believed to be. Unlike their earlier stakeout, this time they are accompanied by Gina Garrett  from the DA's office and her pet rottweiler 'Archie', covered as husband, wife and son. The film ends when Tony the hitman gets shot and killed by Chris and Bill, after he falls in the pool with Gina. Both of them are congratulated as heroes by the F.B.I. Chris returns to his apartment to say goodbye to Maria, but decides she wants to marry him. Bill, meanwhile, sees both of them making love from a patrol car."] ['In a scenario set approximately two years after the original film, Captain  Andrew Bogomil , Detective Billy Rosewood , and Sergeant John Taggart ([[John Ashton  are trying to figure out who is behind the "Alphabet Crimes," a series of mostly high end store robberies distinguished by their monogrammed envelopes with an alphabetical sequence the assailants leave behind. Complicating matters is the new "political" state of the Beverly Hills Police Department, headed by an incompetent and verbally abusive new police chief Harold Lutz , who is doing everything he can to stay on Mayor Ted Egan\'s  good side. Unimpressed when Rosewood calls the FBI to help solve the case, Lutz holds Bogomil responsible as commanding officer and suspends him, despite Bogomil\'s efforts to convince him that Rosewood was only following a hunch, a traditional aspect of police work. Lutz also punishes Taggart and Rosewood by placing them on traffic duty. On the way home, Bogomil is shot and injured by Karla Fry , the chief hench-woman of Maxwell Dent . Finding out about the shooting by a news report, Axel Foley  immediately flies out to Beverly Hills (covering his absence from his actual job in Detroit by telling his commanding officer Inspector Todd  to help find out who shot Bogomil, to repay the favor he owes Bogomil for saving his job two years ago. Taggart and Rosewood agree to assist Foley because of Lutz\'s apparent attempts to find an excuse to get them fired. Posing as an undercover FBI agent to get past Lutz , Foley soon starts making the connection between the robberies and Dent. Foley has Bogomil\'s daughter Jan use her connections as an insurance agent to find out about Dent\'s financial dealings: Dent is robbing his own businesses on purpose in order to finance firearms deals and is discreetly using his henchman Charles Cain  as the front man for his operations. Bogomil was shot because his investigation was on the correct track into the case. Having foiled a robbery attempt at a bank depot, Foley is able to trick Dent\'s accountant  into using his computer and discovers that Dent and Karla are planning to leave the country. Foley also learns from Jan that all of Dent\'s businesses have had their insurance coverage canceled and are about to go bankrupt except his race track, which he is convinced is the next target. On the way to the race track, Foley solves the latest riddle sent to the police, and is convinced that this riddle was made easily solvable in order to implicate Cain as the Alphabet Bandit, although Foley, after meeting him earlier, knows Cain is a patsy designed to throw the authorities off of Dent\'s trail. The three arrive too late to stop the robbery and find Cain\'s body  among those killed. While Lutz announces publicly that the Alphabet Crimes have been solved, Foley notices some red mud at the stables, which leads him, Taggart and Rosewood to Dent\'s oil field, where Dent is making his final arms deal. The three get into a shootout with everyone involved in the deal. Dent confronts Foley in the warehouse, but Foley gets distracted by one of Dent\'s henchmen on the roof above him and Dent gets away. Dent then crashes through the wall in his car and Foley shoots Dent through the windshield, sending his car down a hill and erupting in flames, after running Foley over. Karla appears and is about to kill Foley, but is shot dead by Taggart. Just as the last thugs are about to flee, the police arrive upon the scene, along with Lutz and Mayor Egan. Lutz tries to fire Rosewood and Taggart for their insubordination, and also tries to arrest Foley. However, both Taggart and Rosewood stand up to Lutz this time and prove that Dent was the real Alphabet Bandit. They are also able to convince Mayor Egan of Lutz\'s incompetence, and the Mayor personally fires Lutz because he is tired of his abusive attitude towards his own men. At the end of the film, Bogomil is chosen by Mayor Egan to replace Lutz as the new Chief of Police, and Foley returns to Detroit, but not before he gets chewed out by Inspector Todd over the phone, right after Egan called Todd to congratulate him on allowing Foley to assist them on this case.'] ["An evil vampire duke seeks to kill and collect the blood of a royal family of European vampires in order to become all powerful. The last surviving member of the family, Prince Kazaf, flees to Hong Kong with his servant Prada. There, they are introduced by estate agent Momoko to live in an abandoned church. Vampire hunter Reeve is depressed after his partner Lila is killed by vampires. He decides to train Lila's younger sister, Gypsy, to inherit her sister's duty and fight the vampire duke. However, Reeve's own sister, Helen, sees Gypsy as a rival. At the same time, Kazaf meets Helen and falls in love with her, after which he intends to lead the life of a human being, but he is tracked down by the duke. Helen helps Kazaf and lets him hide in her home, where they are later discovered by Gypsy. Meanwhile, Reeve falls into the duke's trap while hunting vampires. Helen and Gypsy team up to save him."] ['The plot centers on a young and mischievous Wong Fei-hung . Wong runs into a series of troubles. Firstly, he teaches an overbearing assistant martial arts teacher a lesson. Next, he makes advances on a woman to impress his friends, and is soundly thrashed by her older female guardian as a result; his shame is compounded when these two are later revealed to be his visiting aunt and cousin, whom he had not met before. Lastly, he beats up a hooligan who is the son of an influential man in town. His father decides to punish him for his behavior by making him train harder in martial arts. Wong\'s father arranges for Beggar So to train his son in martial arts. Beggar So has a reputation for crippling his students during training so Wong flees from home in an attempt to escape his punishment. Penniless, he stops at a restaurant and tries to con a fellow patron into offering him a free meal. As he was about to leave after his meal, he discovers that the man is actually the owner of the restaurant. He fights with the owner\'s lackeys in an attempt to escape. An old drunkard nearby is drawn into the fight and helps him escape. The drunkard turns out to be Beggar So, the Drunken Master.  Beggar So forces Wong into his brutal and rigorous training programme. Wong flees again to avoid the torturous training and runs into the notorious killer Yan Ti San  by accident. Yan is known for his "Devil\'s Kick", a swift and deadly kicking style which has never been defeated. Wong provokes and challenges him to a fight and is soundly defeated and humiliated. He makes his way back to Beggar So and decides to commit himself to the Drunken Master\'s training program. The training resumes and soon Wong learns Beggar So\'s secret style of martial arts, a form of Drunken Boxing called "The Eight Drunken Immortals", named after the eight mythological figures that the fighting style emulates. Wong masters seven of the eight styles with the exception of Drunken Miss Ho\'s as he feels that her style of fighting is too feminine. Meanwhile, Yan Ti San is contracted by a business rival to kill Wong\'s father. Wong\'s father fights with Yan and is defeated and injured by him. Wong and Beggar So arrive on the scene on time and Wong continues the fight with Yan. Beggar So promises not to interfere in the fight. Wong employs the new skill he learnt and outmatches Yan\'s kicking style. Yan then resorts to his secret technique, the Devil\'s Shadowless Hand, which Wong is unable to defeat. Wong confesses that he did not master the last style so Beggar So tells him to combine the seven styles and create his own version of the last style. Wong follows the instruction and discovers his own unique style of Drunken Boxing, which he eventually uses to defeat Yan and become the new Drunken Master.'] ['The film brims with British comedy talent of the period. The Crazy Gang’s mobile fish and chip shop is accidentally tied to a barrage balloon and the gang is carried to Nazi Germany. They are captured but break out of prison, impersonate Adolf Hitler and return to England in a stolen secret weapon. The film was a morale-booster at a period of the war when Britain looked in real danger of defeat.'] ["John Hancock  is an alcoholic man with super powers, including flight, invulnerability, immortality and super-strength. Though he uses his powers to stop criminals in his current residence of Los Angeles, his activity inadvertently causes millions of dollars in property damage due to his constant intoxication. As a result, he is routinely jeered at the crime scenes. Hancock also ignores court subpoenas from the city of Los Angeles to address the property damage he has caused. When public relations spokesperson Ray Embrey  departs from an unsuccessful meeting pitching his All-Heart logo for corporations who are extraordinarily charitable, he becomes trapped on railroad tracks with an incoming freight train. Hancock saves Ray's life, but he causes the train to derail and nearly injures another driver. Hancock is jeered by other drivers for causing more damage, but Ray steps in and thanks Hancock for saving his life. Ray offers to improve Hancock's public image, and Hancock grudgingly accepts. The spokesperson convinces the alcoholic superhero to permit himself to be jailed for outstanding subpoenas so they can show Los Angeles how much the city really needs Hancock. When the crime rate rises after Hancock's incarceration, the superhero is contacted by the Chief of Police. With a new costume from Ray, Hancock intervenes with a bank robbery, rescuing a cop and stopping the leader of the robbers, Red Parker . After the rescue, Hancock is applauded for handling the bank robbery. The superhero becomes popular once more, as Ray had predicted. He goes out to dinner with Ray and his wife Mary , with whom he reveals his apparent immortality and his amnesia from 80 years ago. After Hancock tucks a drunken Ray in bed, he discovers that Mary also has superhuman powers. He threatens to expose her until she explains their origins, and she tells him that they have lived for 3,000 years with their powers, having been called gods and angels in their time. She explains that they are the last of their kind and that their kind are paired. Mary does not tell Hancock the entire truth, and Hancock departs to tell Ray about the conversation. The exchange results in a battle between Hancock and Mary that takes them to downtown Los Angeles, causing significant damage to the area. Ray, downtown in a business meeting, sees and recognizes Mary using superhero powers like Hancock. Hancock is later shot twice in the chest and wounded when he stops a liquor store robbery. After being hospitalized, Mary enters and explains that as the pair of immortals gets close, they begin to lose their powers. She also explains that Hancock was attacked in an alley 80 years prior, causing his amnesia. Mary deserted him then in order for him to recover from his injuries. When he is hospitalized, the hospital is raided by Red Parker, the bank robber, and two men that Hancock had humiliated during his incarceration. Mary, visiting Hancock, is shot in the process. Hancock is able to stop two men but is further wounded by them. When Red attempts to finish Hancock off, Ray comes to the rescue and disarms and kills the bank robber with a fire axe. With Mary nearly dying, Hancock flees from the hospital so their parting would allow her to heal with her powers. He later winds up in New York City, working as a superhero. Ray is seen walking with Mary discussing historical events such as the reign of Attila the Hun in a jovial manner. As gratitude to Ray, Hancock paints Ray's All-Heart logo on the moon and calls the spokesperson to look up to the worldwide advertisement."] ['One night in Detroit during a shoot-out at a chop shop, Detroit police officer Axel Foley  sees his boss Inspector Douglas Todd  fatally shot by a well-dressed man. Axel learns that the killer\'s vehicle was rented using a credit card reported stolen from a man on vacation at Wonder World, a theme park in Beverly Hills, California. In Beverly Hills, Axel is reunited with his friend Billy Rosewood  who tells Axel that John Taggart ([[John Ashton  is now retired and living in Arizona. Billy has been promoted to "Deputy Director of Operations for Joint Systems Interdepartmental Operational Command"  and has a new partner named Jon Flint . Axel checks out Wonder World, which is owned by "Uncle" Dave Thornton . After being spotted by security, Axel is shot at and taken to see the park\'s head of security, Ellis DeWald , whom Axel immediately recognizes as Inspector Todd\'s killer. Rosewood and Flint refuse to believe that DeWald is a killer because he works closely with the LAPD and is a close friend of Flint\'s. DeWald runs a counterfeiting ring that uses Wonder World as a front and was at the chop shop in Detroit to meet with associates to purchase blank printing paper. Uncle Dave is shot by DeWald and Axel is framed for his shooting. With the help of Rosewood and Flint, Axel sets out to prove his innocence by storming the park. The resulting shootout kills DeWald and his henchmen. Uncle Dave makes a full recovery and he thanks Axel for his assistance by creating a new character for Wonder World in his name—Axel Fox.'] 