["Leopold De Angeli is a gifted playwright, but like many writers he drinks too much. In the hopes of saving Leopold's life, his theater friends come together to stage an intervention for him."] ["{{Plot}} Set after the events of the original film, Brigitte Fitzgerald  uses an extract of monkshood to fight the effects of the lycanthropy that transformed her sister into a werewolf. The opening credits play over Brigitte shaving all over her body, cutting her arm with a scalpel, then injecting herself with a dose of monkshood, then cutting to Brigitte in a library, where the librarian Jeremy  clumsily hits on her. When she goes to check out her books, her library card has too many fines owing, and she walks out, leaving the books behind. Back in her motel room, she inspects her latest cut and records the time and state of healing on a page filled with similar entries. Ginger , her late sister, appears to her as an apparition, saying that she is healing faster and the monkshood is not a cure, it only slows the transformation. Brigitte shoots a deadly second dose of monkshood, and immediately after, Brigitte senses the presence of the male werewolf that has been stalking her, whose identity is unknown. She hastily packs and opens the door to find Jeremy with her library books. However, the additional dose has pushed her into toxic shock. Jeremy gets her in his car and is about to drive her to hospital, when the driver side window is smashed, and the werewolf drags him from the car. Brigitte stumbles down the street and collapses in the snow. She wakes up in a combination rehab clinic for drug abusing girls and chronic care patient facility, located in the only operational section of a large, old hospital. She attempts, but fails to escape. When delivered to the clinic's director Alice , she pleads to be released, but is refused. She does, however, manage to palm a piece of glass so she can continue to measure her healing rate. Tyler ([[Eric Johnson , a worker at the clinic, visits Brigitte at night and offers her some monkshood in exchange for sexual favors. She refuses and he tells her he will not give her the monkshood until she accepts his terms. As Brigitte's healing begins to accelerate, so does her rate of transformation. Ginger continues to appear, taunting Brigitte as she experiences growing cravings for sex, and to kill, as did Ginger previously. During a group therapy session Brigitte daydreams about being instructed to lie on the floor and masturbate, however it is unclear if the masturbation was a fantasy, since the part about imagining death and blood is clearly in Brigitte's mind. Suddenly jolted back to reality by a vision of Ginger, she draws her hand to her face to reveal her palm covered in hair. Later, and very depressed, she takes her shard of glass and holds it to her throat while looking into the bathroom mirror. However, she does not kill herself. During this time, Brigitte is shadowed by a girl called Ghost , the granddaughter of Barbara, a severe burn victim who is a patient there. Ghost eavesdrops on Alice in the staff lounge that Brigitte injects Monkshood. Curious about it, Ghost goes through her clandestinely hidden comic book collection and realizes Brigitte's secret. Ghost slips Brigitte a comic book containing the werewolf story. She begins to question her about lycanthropy, and notices Brigitte's ears have begun to grow pointy, Brigitte takes the glass, telling Ginger that she will not die, and cuts off the pointed part of her ear, flushing it down the toilet. Shortly after, Ghost tries to slip monkshood to Brigitte, but is foiled by Tyler. The following night, in despair at her rate of transformation, Brigitte allows Tyler to inject her. By now, it is apparent the werewolf has found her again. After Ghost's dog is found dead and mutilated, Brigitte asks her where the corpse was found, and is told that it was found in the disused crematorium section of the hospital. Upon learning this, Brigitte says she must get out. Ghost offers to show her an escape route, but insists she be taken with Brigitte. Brigitte escapes to the disused crematorium, in the basement, by crawling through air vents following Ghost's trail marks. There, Brigitte meets Beth-Ann  who is high on drugs that she just received in exchange for sex with Tyler. Beth-Ann is killed and dragged away by the werewolf. Shortly after, Ghost arrives and says the escape route is where Beth-Ann was dragged away to. Brigitte and Ghost proceed, but are separated as the werewolf attacks. Clashing with the beast, Brigitte's leg is broken by the werewolf, but her transformation is so advanced, she heals immediately, and makes her escape after burning the beast in the crematorium. Ghost drives them to a gas station in the clinic car, where Brigitte tends to her wounds. They then drive to Barbara's house and sleep. Ghost explains how Barbara got burned, she tells Brigitte that Barbara fell asleep with her bedtime cigarette. The next day, after Brigitte starts eating a deer caught in an explosion from a trap set up by Ghost, they arrange for Tyler to bring monkshood to the gas station, but when Brigitte wanders inside she discovers the attendant has been slain. While she was away, Tyler had arrived and taken Ghost's car. Brigitte dashes back and drives off. Back at the house, Brigitte's body once more begins to reject the monkshood and Tyler worriedly calls Alice. Ghost tricks Brigitte into thinking Tyler abused her. Brigitte locks Tyler outside, and he is killed by the werewolf. Alice arrives, and is attacked by Ghost, wielding Barbara's hunting rifle. Brigitte figures out that Barbara didn't smoke, she aggressively keeps Ghost against a wall and argues with her, realizing it is likely Tyler didn't abuse Ghost and that Barbara was burnt by Ghost, but is stopped by Alice holding the rifle point-blank to the base of her skull. Alice begins to take Ghost, but is advised not to go outside. The werewolf then howls and breaks a nearby window, and Alice takes Ghost to the attic with her to seek refuge from Brigitte and the werewolf. Brigitte's transformation is almost complete, when the werewolf enters the house. She lures him into a room, and, when Ghost distracts the werewolf by dropping a heavy curling stone, Brigitte stabs him. The werewolf bites her on the arm. They struggle and after she repeatedly bashed its head with a curling stone, they fall into the basement, and the werewolf is killed on a set of mattress springs holding a wide variety of sharp objects. Ghost hits Alice with a hammer and sits at the top of the steps to peer into the basement, gun in hand. A weakend Brigitte crawls up the stairs, her face half transformed, begging Ghost to kill her. Instead, Ghost locks her in the basement. Ghost is shown illustrating a comic page of herself as a powerful warrior with a werewolf pet. Ghost narrates that Brigitte is getting stronger in the basement and is waiting to be unleashed on Ghost's enemies. As the film ends, Ghost is getting ready to welcome home Barbara."] ["Life is hard for Avocet Abigale 'Bird' Jackson  and her sister Phoebe , constantly putting up with their parents arguments. Their father, Billy ([[John Savage  is always beating their mother Glory Marie  and every time things seem to go right between Glory Marie and Billy, yet another argument begins. Unable to put up with it any longer Glory Marie tells Billy she's taking the girls and leaving him, he punches her and knocks her teeth out, then drives off in the car. Later that evening a policeman ([[David Hart  shows up at the door to tell them that Billy has killed himself. Set on starting a new life Glory Marie takes her daughters and moves to a motel in Florida, where she get a job as a bookkeeper in the motel office run by Louis Ippolito . They move into an old trailer because there are no rooms. Bird becomes friends with a kind black woman named Zora Williams  who Glory Marie warns her to stay away from. Glory Marie begins to drink heavily, and beats Phoebe with a brush for staying out late with Louis' son L.J . She later hits Bird on the head with a mug for asking for a bike for Christmas. Glory Marie's estranged son Hank  comes to visit for Christmas, as he left home because of his parents and there is still some friction between them. Bird spends more and more time with Zora, behind Glory Marie's back, she feels better about being with her because she know there can be a better life for her. Phoebe finally stands up to Glory Marie when she calls Phoebe a tramp for the way she's dressed and slaps her, Phoebe slaps her back. Glory Marie eventually discovers that Bird has been visiting Zora and violently beats her with a belt and leaves. Phoebe takes her to Zora. When Glory Marie returns the next morning she barges into Zora's and demands her daughters come back with her but Zora has a word with her and tells her she understands. When her husband died she ignored her daughter, but she never hit her, and she is going to see her daughter again, but she is not going anywhere until she knows the girls are safe. Glory Marie makes the hardest decision of her life when she decides to send her daughters away with Zora. On their last day together, Glory Marie makes them dinner, washes folds, and packs all their clothes and she brushes Bird's hair, with the same brush she used to beat Phoebe. When the girls leave with Zora, Bird is unsure if she will ever see her mother again."] ["Set in Detroit, Gridlock'd centers around heroin addicts Spoon , Stretch  and Cookie . They are all in a band together in the spoken word genre. They go by the name of Eight Mile Road, with Cookie on the vocals, Spoon on the bass guitar , and Stretch on the piano. Spoon and Stretch decide to kick their habit after Cookie overdoses on her first hit. Throughout a disastrous day, the two addicts dodge police and local criminals while struggling with an apathetic government bureaucracy that thwarts their entrance into a rehabilitation program."] ['Approaching the end of a drug rehabilitation program, Jerry Stahl  quits his job at a fast food restaurant on an impulse when an attractive woman named Kitty  pulls up at the drive-through window. The two check into a motel, where Jerry tells her about his life in between bouts of sex. A series of flashbacks, intercut with their conversations, details his working life to this point. After moving to Los Angeles from New York City, Jerry - already addicted to various prescription medications - becomes friends with another addict, Nicky . At the urging of Nicky and his girlfriend Vola , Jerry marries Vola\'s friend Sandra  so she can get her green card. Sandra uses her position at a television studio to get Jerry onto the writing staff of the popular comedy series Mr. Chompers. He uses memories from his childhood, including his mother\'s hysterical grief over his father\'s death, to fuel his writing. He juggles his Mr. Chompers job and regular visits to a heroin dealer, Dita . However, his drug use eventually gets him fired. Sandra finds him a new job with a different series, No Such Luck, but star Pamela Verlaine  insists that he kick his habit first. As soon as Jerry starts on a methadone program, he runs across a dealer named Gus , who introduces him to crack cocaine and later Dilaudid. His increased drug use costs him his new job, and Sandra throws him out, disgusted at his decision to shoot up when she tells him she is pregnant. Her opinion of him falls even further when he shows up high for the birth of his daughter Nina. The flashbacks end at this point, with Jerry returning to Los Angeles in hopes of being part of Nina\'s life. While looking after her one night, he gets high and is arrested by the police. The incident further strains his relationship with Sandra, who makes it clear that she would prefer to see as little of him as possible. As he begins to resurrect his stalled writing career, he gets a surprise visit from Kitty. The two have one last sexual encounter before she leaves to move to Anchorage. In the final scene, Jerry appears on a series of talk shows and news programs, while commenting in voice-over about the damage that his addiction has done to his life. "I got out with a bad liver and enough debt to keep me in hock \'til I\'m 90, if I\'m still here. And with my luck, I will be."'] ["John LeTour, a 40-year-old New Yorker, is one of two delivery men for Ann, who supplies an exclusive clientele in the banking and financing sector with drugs. While Ann contemplates switching to the cosmetics business, LeTour, who suffers from insomnia, has lost his perspective in life. One night LeTour meets his former girlfriend Marianne, who both once shared an intense but destructive relationship due to excessive drug abuse. Although they stopped taking drugs, Marianne refuses his offer for a new start. After spending one night together, she tells him that this was her way of saying good-bye. Unbeknown to her, her mother died at the hospital while she was with LeTour. The next time he meets Marianne, she attacks him, demanding that he gets out of her life once and for all. Meanwhile, the police start observing LeTour because one of his clients, Tis, is connected to the drug induced death of a young woman. On his next delivery, LeTour witnesses a heavily drugged Marianne in Tis' apartment. Only minutes after his departure, she falls several stories to her death. LeTour gives the police a lead to Marianne's last whereabouts. At the wake, Marianne's sister Randi tells him not to feel guilty for what happened. When Tis orders a new supply and insists that LeTour delivers it, he senses that Tis wants to dispose of him. Ann accompanies him, but Tis' guards force her to leave the room. In the subsequent shoot-out, LeTour kills Tis and both of his henchmen, but is left critically wounded. He lies down on the hotel bed, showing no anger or pain, only a profound weariness, as police sirens can be heard in the distance. Ann visits LeTour in jail, who expresses his relief and hopes for a better future. The film hints at the possibility that Ann will wait for him."] ["Pert and pretty high school teen Cassandra Leigh opts for the easy life of a pot-smoking biker in order to avoid the demands of her neurotic career mom. When Cassandra's grades slip and her college plans fall by the wayside, she marries a love-smitten high school swain. The devotion of her husband bores the young bride: she looks up her old thrill-seeking buddies and splits from home. It isn't long before she's peddling dope on the streets in order to finance her growing list of addictions. A young Mexican takes the wayward girl under his wing and makes her not only his partner-in-crime but his woman. With the police on their heels, Cassandra and her lover are forced to ditch a stolen car in the desert and take refuge in a shallow cave. With the posse closing in, the Mexican abandons Cassandra and the deputies nab the semi-conscious heroine. The court sends Cassandra to a Federal Narcotics Hospital."] ['An 1840s British surgeon, Dr. Thomas Bolton  experiments with anesthetic gases in an effort to make surgery pain-free. While doing so, his demonstration before a panel of his peers ends in a horrific mishap with his patient awakening under the knife; he is forced to leave his position in disgrace. To complicate matters, he becomes addicted to the gases and gets involved with a gang of criminals, led by Black Ben and his henchman Resurrection Joe . Unfortunately, this shady partnership leads Bolton to further ruin, culminating in his unwitting participation in murder &mdash; for which he becomes the first victim of a blackmail scheme.'] ["Frankie Machine  is released from prison with a set of drums and a new outlook on life. A heroin addict, Frankie became clean in prison. On the outside, he greets friends and acquaintances. Sparrow , who runs a con selling homeless dogs, clings to him like a young brother, but Schwiefka ([[Robert Strauss , whom Frankie used to deal for in his illegal card game, has more sinister reasons for welcoming him back, as does Louis , Machine's former heroin dealer. Frankie sees his wife Zosh , who is supposedly wheelchair-bound, but secretly fully recovered, after a car crash some years ago. Zosh smothers her husband and hinders his attempt to make something of himself. He thinks he has what it takes to play drums for a big band. While calling to make an appointment, he bumps into an old flame, Molly . Frankie soon gets himself a tryout and asks Sparrow to get him a new suit, but the suit is a stolen one and he ends up back in a cell. Schwiefka offers to pay the bail. Frankie refuses, but soon changes his mind when the sight of a drug addict on the edge becomes too much for him. Now, to repay the debt, he must deal for Schwiefka again. Louis is trying to hook him on heroin again, and with no job and Zosh to please, pressure is building from all directions. Soon Frankie succumbs and is back on drugs and dealing marathon, all-night, card games for Schwiefka. He gets a tryout as a drummer, but spends 24 hours straight dealing a poker game. Desperately needing a fix, Frankie follows Louis home, attacks him, ransacks his house, but can't find his stash of heroin. At the audition, with withdrawal coming on, Frankie can't keep the beat and ruins his chance of landing the drumming job. When Louis goes to see Zosh to try to find him, Louis discovers that Zosh has been faking her paralysis and can walk. Zosh, scared of being found out, accidentally pushes him over the railing of the stairwell to his death, but things backfire when Frankie is sought for murder. Initially not realizing he is a suspect in Louie's death, Frankie goes to Molly hoping to get money for a fix. After learning the police are looking for him, Molly convinces Frankie that he must go cold turkey if he is to stand a chance with the police. Frankie agrees and is locked in Molly's apartment where he goes through a grueling withdrawal to clear the drugs from his body. Finally clean again, he tells Zosh he is going to leave her, start anew and stand trial. In her desperation, Zosh once again gives herself away, standing up in front of Frankie and the police. She runs, but can get no further than the outside balcony. Trapped, she blows the whistle and throws herself off the balcony to her death. An ambulance then arrives to take Zosh to the hospital and drives away while Frankie watches in dismay. He then walks away with Molly."] ["The film charts three seasons in the lives of Sara Goldfarb , her son Harry , Harry’s girlfriend Marion Silver , and Harry’s friend Tyrone C. Love . The story begins in summer; Sara Goldfarb, an elderly widow living alone in Brighton Beach, Brooklyn, spends her time watching infomercials hosted by Tappy Tibbons . After a phone call announces that she will be invited to be a participant on a game show, she becomes obsessed with regaining the youthful appearance she possesses in a photograph from Harry's graduation, her proudest moment. In order to fit into her old red dress, the favorite of her deceased husband Seymour, she begins taking a regimen of prescription weight-loss amphetamine pills throughout the day and a sedative at night. Despite Harry’s warnings about amphetamine addiction, she passionately insists that the chance to be on television has given her a reason to live. When her invitation does not arrive over the fall, she increases her dosage but begins suffering from amphetamine psychosis, hallucinating that she is the principal subject of the game show and that her refrigerator is a menacing, living monster. Harry is a heroin addict; together with fellow addicts Tyrone and Marion, he enters the illegal drug trade around Coney Island. With the money they make over the summer, Harry and Marion hope to open a fashion store for Marion’s designs, while Tyrone dreams of making his mother proud by escaping the street. However, at the beginning of fall, Tyrone is caught in the middle of a drug gang assassination, and Harry must use most of their money to post bail. Increasing drug-related violence and arrests make it hard to obtain drugs, throwing Harry, Tyrone, and Marion into a state of deprivation. Growing more desperate, Harry convinces Marion to have sex with her psychiatrist in exchange for money, causing a rift in the relationship. Meanwhile, Harry’s arm is becoming infected from unsanitary injection techniques. As Sara’s sanity unravels, she takes the subway to visit the television studio in Manhattan. The secretary at the studio calls a hospital and Sara is involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward where she undergoes unsuccessful medicative treatment, followed by electroconvulsive therapy. Harry and Tyrone set out for Florida to obtain drugs, but Harry’s increasingly infected arm forces them to visit a hospital in South Carolina, where they are arrested for skipping bail. Tyrone must deal with hard labor, racist prison guards and drug withdrawal, as Harry is taken to a prison hospital to have his arm amputated. Harry has a recurring dream of Marion waiting for him at a pier at Coney Island, but awakens and realizes that he is alone in jail with just one arm. Back in New York, Marion meets with a pimp , who gives her drugs in exchange for sex and puts her in sex shows to provide for her drug habit. Lost in misery, each character curls into a fetal position. In Sara’s dream, she wins the game show’s grand prize and meets Harry there. In her fantasy, Harry is a successful businessman and engaged to Marion. Sara and Harry hug and say how much they love one another through the cheers of the crowd and the glowing stage lights."] ["The journalist Art Brighton goes undercover to investigate the granddaughter of a recently deceased rich woman, killed in a drug-related car crash. The girl, Joan Barrie, will inherit the fortune of her grandmother if she is able to fulfill a morals clause in the will. Joan's cousin Linda Clayton and her husband Jack will try to frame Joan to acquire the fortune themselves. The journalist tries to save Joan and dismantle the criminal gang of marijuana-dealing youths to which Linda belongs. While the newspaper tries to show the horrible dangers of marijuana to the general public, violence scales in the town in the form of obscene all-night drug parties where anything can happen."] ['Hooked on heroin, Zankie Albo is admitted to Synanon House, a rehabilitation center. Chuck Dederich, a recovering alcoholic, is in charge. Zankie is placed in the care of Joaney during his early, painful stages of drug withdrawal. She, too, is a rehabbing junkie, and any further mistake on her part could permanently cost her custody of her child. An attraction develops between Zankie and Joaney, resulting in jealousy from another man interested in her, Ben, a parolee and "graduate" of the center. Ben reports them to the center\'s officials after catching Zankie and Joaney in a romantic tryst. A patient who manages to get high on cough medicine is persuaded by Zankie to share it, with leading to a tragic end.'] ["The film follows Jay Jay , a former hair dresser who has become a drug addict. He lives his new life by doing deals for Vivian  from time to time. One day he meets Parm , a free spirited girl. The two fall in love. Jay Jay's drug habit grows, and he soon resorts to robbery. On the threat of arrest, he works alongside two dirty policemen by becoming a narc, and reports on his former fellow junkies. Yet, as the movie continues, Jay Jay sinks deeper into turmoil with feelings of self-hatred."] ['Public relations man Joe Clay  meets and falls in love with Kirsten Arnesen , a secretary. Kirsten is a teetotaler until Joe introduces her to social drinking. Reluctant at first, after her first few Brandy Alexanders, she admits that having a drink "made me feel good." Despite the misgivings of her father , who runs a San Mateo landscaping business, they get married and have a daughter named Debbie. Joe slowly goes from the "two-martini lunch" to full-blown alcoholism. It affects his work and, in due time, he and Kirsten both succumb to the pleasures and pain of addiction. Joe is demoted due to poor performance brought on by too much booze. He is sent out of town on business. Kirsten finds the best way to pass the time is to drink, and drinks a lot. While drunk one afternoon, she causes a fire in their apartment and almost kills herself and their child. Joe eventually gets fired from the PR firm and goes from job to job over the next several years.  One day, Joe walks by a bar and sees his reflection in the window. He goes home and says to his wife: "I walked by Union Square Bar. I was going to go in. Then I saw myself, my reflection in the window, and I thought, \'I wonder who that bum is.\' And then I saw it was me. Now look at me. I\'m a bum. Look at me! Look at you. You\'re a bum. Look at you. And look at us. Look at us. C\'mon, look at us! See? A couple of bums." Seeking escape from their addiction, Joe and Kirsten work together in Mr. Arnesen\'s business and succeed in staying sober for a while. However, the urges are too strong, and after a late-night drinking binge, Joe destroys an entire greenhouse of his father-in-law\'s plants while looking for a stashed bottle of liquor. After commitment to a sanitarium, Joe finally gets sober for a while, with the help of Alcoholics Anonymous, a dedicated sponsor named Jim Hungerford  and regular AA meetings. When Joe tries to help Kirsten, he instead ends up drinking again, and goes to a liquor store that closed for the night. Joe breaks into the store and steals a bottle, resulting in another trip to the sanitarium. Hungerford warns him that he must keep sober no matter what, even if that means staying away from Kirsten. He explains to Joe how alcoholics often demonstrate obsessive behavior, pointing out that Kirsten\'s previous love of chocolate may have been the first sign of an addictive personality, and counsels him that most drinkers hate to drink alone. Joe eventually becomes sober for good and a responsible father to his child while holding down a steady job. He tries to make amends with his father-in-law by offering him an envelope full of cash for past debts and wrongs, but Mr. Arnesen lashes out at him for getting Kirsten involved in the alcoholic lifestyle. After calming down, Arnesen says that Kirsten has been disappearing for long stretches of time and picking up strangers in bars. One night, after Debbie is asleep, Kirsten comes to their apartment to attempt a reconciliation. Joe sees that if he were to give in, it could lead to more of his previous self-destructive behavior. Kirsten longs for going back to "the way it was" but as Joe explains to her, "You remember how it really was? You and me and booze — a threesome. You and I were a couple of drunks on the sea of booze, and the boat sank. I got hold of something that kept me from going under, and I\'m not going to let go of it. Not for you. Not for anyone. If you want to grab on, grab on. But there\'s just room for you and me — no threesome." Kirsten refuses to admit she\'s an alcoholic, but does acknowledge that without alcohol, she "can\'t get over how dirty everything looks." "You better give up on me," she says. When Debbie asks "Daddy, will Mommy ever get well?" he says "I did, didn\'t I?" When Kirsten leaves, Joe fights the urge to go after her. He looks down the street where Kirsten is walking, a "Bar" sign reflecting in the window.'] ["Gwen Cummings borrows the limo at her sister's wedding after ruining the reception with her drunken antics. She crashes the limo while she is on her cell phone trying to find a cake to replace the one she destroyed. She is given a choice between jail or 28 days in a rehab center. She chooses rehab. However, she is extremely resistant to taking part in any of the treatment programs they have to offer, refusing to admit that she is an alcoholic. After getting to know some of the other patients, Gwen gradually begins to re-examine her life and see that she does, in fact, have a serious problem. Her sincere desire to get well complicates her relationship with long-time, live-in boyfriend Jasper. She befriends Andrea, a 17-year-old recovering heroin addict who occasionally harms herself. All of the other patients help her see herself in a different light while she tries to get sober and come to terms with her alcoholism. The path to recovery will not be easy and success will not be guaranteed or even likely, but she is now willing to give it a try."] ["Lew Marsh is a good newspaper reporter with a bad habit; he drinks too much and is fired. He also loses the woman he loves, colleague Paula Arnold, after passing out drunk one day in the street. An ex-alcoholic, Charley Dolan, takes pity on Lew, offering him a room at his apartment and finding him a job with a construction crew. Lew is tempted to have a drink when he learns that Paula has married another man, Boyd Copeland, the nephew of Lew's former boss at the newspaper, John Ives. Ives gives the newly sober Lew a second chance at the paper. Many months pass, during which time Lew not only remains sober but is helpful to others with the same weakness. This comes to the attention of Ives, who is worried about Boyd's increased drinking. Lew learns that Boyd has been unfaithful to Paula, taking up with a singer named Maria who is loved by a jealous gangster named Garr. To help, Lew invites Boyd to come live with Charley and him. He also helps the lonely Paula return to work for the newspaper, secretly hoping that she will fall in love with him again. Garr and a henchman rig a car in a bid to murder Boyd, but end up killing Charley by mistake. A depressed Lew feels responsible and tries to commit suicide. Boyd gets in touch with Maria, but they are being followed by Garr and another thug. At gunpoint, Boyd and Lew are ordered to drink by Garr, who intends to make their murders look accidental, but they get the upper hand on Garr and it is the mobster who is killed. Boyd is able to persuade Paula to give their marriage another try. Lew is pleased for them, satisfied to be sober and working again."] ['Following World War II, ex-Navy engineer Steve Martin  and his friend Johnny Gambi  come to Louisiana with dreams of wealth. They build an offshore oil drilling platform with the help of a large company, and find themselves in a lucrative business. However, local shrimp fishermen are hostile, feeling their livelihood is at risk. A further complication is the budding romance between Steve and the daughter of one of the shrimpers.'] ['Freddy Gale  has been tormented for five years after the death of his daughter Emily. Once a devoted husband and father, his anguish costs him his family, happiness, and morality. Now the drunk driver who killed her, John Booth ([[David Morse , is released from prison. Freddy immediately reveals to his ex-wife Mary  his plot to kill him in revenge for taking his daughter and life away from him. John Booth is now living in a trailer outside of his parents\' house and merely plans to go on with his life, despite the fact that he is forever haunted and changed after killing Emily Gale. At night Freddy arrives at the Booth residence, armed with a pistol. He clumsily breaks into the trailer trying to shoot, but he forgot to load a magazine. John calmly tells him he won\'t call the police and will let Freddy kill him, but asks for some time to savor his freedom. Freddy is enraged but he accepts and gives John three days to live. John tries to live his life as best as he can before the third day arrives. He meets an artist named JoJo ([[Robin Wright  at a friend\'s party and he has a brief romance with her before she realizes that he can\'t let go of the mistake he made. He reveals to her that when he hit Emily Gale, he came to her side as she was dying and she apologised to him for "not having looked both ways". Freddy is now even worse off than he was before, he drinks excessively and starts sleeping with more prostitutes than usual. He even gets up in the middle of the night and goes to a club to find a hired dancer. Everyone around him, even a prostitute who truly cares for him, is shut off due to his lust for vengeance. Near the end of the film, it is the third day where Freddy will kill John. Freddy calls Mary and breaks down in tears as he tells her of a terrible nightmare he had. In the nightmare, he is driving by his daughter\'s school and stops at a crosswalk where children  wait. He sees that John Booth is the crossing guard. Freddy then sees himself run over all of the children, even Emily. They meet at a diner where they both talk about the past, how Freddy used to be a strong man until Emily was killed and how they made a good husband and wife. Though when Mary tells him he is beyond help, he angrily curses her. After Mary leaves, Freddy drunkenly starts to drive to John\'s house. John awaits in his trailer preparing himself, he stands waiting and applauding Freddy\'s imminent arrival. Freddy is however pulled over by the police; after a series of tests that he passes they begin to arrest him for drunk driving anyway. Freddy however grabs his gun and runs away. He breaks into a home and hides in a little girl\'s room. The girl guides the police away, Freddy sees his daughter in her and tells her goodnight. Freddy arrives at John\'s trailer and waits before he enters. John abruptly jumps from a corner with a rifle in hand. Freddy tells him since he is on the run, on his property, and armed, John should be able to get away with killing him. There is a standoff as they point guns at each other. John however drops his gun and runs away; Freddy follows him. After a lengthy chase across the city, Freddy catches John climbing a fence and fires at him. For a moment it looks as if John is dead, but he was only grazed and continues on. Even though he has had enough, Freddy follows him, until he realizes that John has led him to a graveyard and to Emily\'s grave. Freddy had never had the courage to visit his daughter\'s grave and John couldn\'t visit earlier when he saw Mary there. John talks silently to the grave and finally says "Your daddy\'s coming". Freddy gives John the gun and cries over the grave apologizing to his daughter. Freddy and John reconcile as the sun rises.'] ["Young David  seems to have a normal middle-class life in the suburban world outside New York City. When David's father  leaves his alcoholic wife  after 17 years, David is forced to become parent to his siblings and caregiver to his alcoholic mother. Theater coach Kenny  becomes enamoured of David. Overwhelmed by his home situation, David is weakened and falls prey to the taboo. Giving in to Kenny's advances, David becomes involved with drugs and alcohol."] ['Lenny Brown is a real-estate hustler looking to strike it rich. He is married to Linda, a paralegal and amateur dancer. The two are poor in money but rich in love. Linda vows to stick with her husband until she "falls off the earth". He moves to California and goes to work for a prosperous businessman named Max Sherman, selling lucrative investments in tax shelters. Everything is suddenly first-class for Lenny and his beautiful wife, Linda. But when the tax laws abruptly change, they find themselves $700,000 in debt. They become increasingly desperate, made worse by the fact that a friend, Joel Miller, turns them on to cocaine for "a boost." Lenny and Linda both become addicted. They lose their home, car and jobs. Linda becomes pregnant, but falls and suffers a miscarriage after using cocaine. Lenny\'s life unravels little by little as the drug habit gets the better of him. He gets straight temporarily for one last great business opportunity, but he can\'t pull it off. This culminates in Lenny severely beating Linda and putting her in the hospital. As the end credits roll, we see Lenny still using cocaine in his filthy apartment, reduced to a babbling shell of himself.'] ['Teen actress Morgan Carter ([[JoJo  is a Hollywood princess, until the day that her hard-partying ways get the best of her. After she collapses outside of a Hollywood nightclub, Morgan\'s mother  sends her to live in the wilds of Fort Wayne, Indiana, with her Aunt Trudy . Morgan is camouflaged into Claudia Miller and given a new hairstyle, and suddenly, Morgan, albeit unwillingly, blends in with her peers who don\'t own televisions or read magazines. With a new appearance and deprived comforts  Morgan enters a suburban high school with a bad attitude. At first she didn\'t fit in with anyone, until she meets "cute guy" Eli and they became friends. Eli introduces Claudia to his sister and her friends. Morgan takes a liking to Emily, Eli\'s sister, and they become good friends. Emily invites Morgan to a sleepover where Debbie, who likes Eli, tells her to stay away from him. Morgan is upset so she leaves early, without telling Emily. When she gets home she drinks a bottle of vodka that she found in the cupboard. The next day when Eli comes over to tutor Morgan and she, wanting desperately to capture Eli\'s attention, makes up a story about her father, borrowing a plot from one of her movies. Eli is worried, as Morgan drastically exaggerated and added several negative details about her supposed "father", telling Morgan to alert him if he shows up. Eli asks Morgan on a date  to the fair and she happily accepts. Morgan\'s best friend from when she was in Hollywood, Marissa, comes to visit her in Indiana, where they go to a club. Morgan goes to the fair with Eli and Morgan begins liking him more. Everything was going great until Debbie tries to blackmail Morgan. The paparazzi finds out where she is and leak the story so she sneaks to Eli\'s house to apologize for lying, both about her father and about not being Claudia. Eli is upset at the deception, but in the end he forgives her and they drive away on his motorcycle.'] ['The film is an adaptation of poet and memoirist Jim Carroll\'s  juvenile diaries chronichling his kaleidoscopic free-fall into the harrowing world of drug addiction. As a member of a seemingly unbeatable high school basketball squad, Jim\'s life centers around the basketball court and the court becomes a metaphor for the world in his mind. A best friend who is dying of leukemia, a coach  who takes unacceptable liberties with the boys on his team, teenage sexual angst, and an appetite for heroin all begin to encroach on young Jim\'s dream of becoming a basketball star. Soon, the dark streets of New York become a refuge from his mother\'s mounting concern for her son. He cannot go home and his only escape from the reality of the streets is heroin for which he steals, robs and prostitutes himself. Only with the help of Reggie, an older neighborhood friend with whom Jim "picked up a game" now and then, is he able to begin the long journey back to sanity, which ultimately ends with Jim\'s incarceration in a state penitentiary. After months in the hospital, he gets out and later does a talk show about his drug life, but before that he turned down free drugs given to him by his old friend, Pedro. The film is set in the early 90s, while Carroll\'s actual book recounts experiences from growing up in the 60s. Jim started out as a practice basketball player, and moved on to writing his Basketball Diaries.'] ['William Lee is an exterminator who finds that his wife Joan is stealing his insecticide  to use as a drug. When Lee is arrested by the police, he begins hallucinating because of "bug powder" exposure. He believes he is a secret agent whose controller  assigns him the mission of killing Joan, who is an agent of an organization called Interzone Incorporated. Lee dismisses the bug and its instructions and kills it. He returns home to find Joan sleeping with Hank, one of his writer friends. Shortly afterwards, he accidentally kills her while attempting to shoot a drinking glass off of her head in imitation of William Tell. Having inadvertently accomplished his "mission", Lee flees to Interzone. He spends his time writing reports for his imaginary handler, and it is these documents which, at the insistence of his literary colleagues, eventually become the titular book. Whilst Lee is under the influence of assorted mind-altering substances, his typewriter, a Clark Nova, becomes a giant talking insect which tells him to find Dr. Benway, by seducing Joan Frost, who is a doppelgänger of his dead wife. After coming to the conclusion that Dr. Benway is, in fact, the secret mastermind of a narcotics operation for a drug called "black meat" which is supposedly derived from the guts of giant centipedes, Lee completes his report and flees Interzone to Annexia with Joan Frost. Stopped by the Annexian border patrol and instructed to prove that he is a writer as he claims, Lee produces a pen. As this is insufficient proof for passage he inexplicably offers a demonstration of his William Tell routine using a glass atop Joan Frost\'s head. He again misses badly and thus re-enacts the earlier killing of his wife. He is then allowed to enter Annexia.'] ["The setting is a housing project apartment. Johnny Pope ([[Don Murray  is a soldier who returns from the Korean War, where a stay in a military hospital has left him secretly addicted to morphine. His emotional distance  alienate him from the apartment's other residents: Johnny's pregnant wife Celia  and his brother Polo . Celia is convinced that Johnny is having an affair, but of course the truth is far worse. Johnny and Polo's father, John Sr., arrives in town and stays with them in the small apartment, further complicating a tense situation and leading to a dynamic and dramatic climax."] ['The film recounts the life of an alcoholic New York writer, Don Birnam, over the last half of a six year period, and in particular on a weekend alcoholic binge. A shot of the Manhattan skyline to an apartment, with a whiskey bottle hung outside a window by a thin rope. Don and his brother Wick are packing for a weekend vacation. Wick believes that Don, a recovering alcoholic, has been on the wagon for ten days. After Don\'s girlfriend Helen St. James arrives to wish them bon voyage, she lets it slip that she has two tickets to a Barbirolli concert, but is going alone. Don urges his brother to go with her and says they\'ll take a later train for their weekend trip. Wick, having disposed of his brother\'s hidden supply of drink, becomes suspicious of why he is being hustled out. Don angrily demands time to gather his thoughts alone. Wick reluctantly agrees to go and reassures Helen he has found Don\'s hidden supply of alcohol and points out Don is broke. After they leave, Don frantically tries to find alcohol he has hidden. The cleaning lady arrives for work, but Don cons her out of her wages and sends her away. Don takes the money he swindled to Nat\'s Bar on Third Avenue, based on the legendary P. J. Clarke\'s, and gets drunk, missing the train he is meant to catch. Wick, effectively rejecting his brother, intends to leave without him, though Helen is wary of leaving Don alone for four days. She is very busy with her work at Time magazine. As Wick is leaving the building, he urges Helen to give herself a chance by dropping Don. Helen waits. Don sneaks into his apartment to avoid her so he can drink. He quickly hides the cheap whiskey he has bought, in addition to the many drinks at the bar. The following morning he finds a message from Helen pinned to his front door, urging him to call her. Later at the bar, owner Nat voices his distaste for how Don treats Helen and another girl who hangs out at the bar. Don recounts to Nat how he met Helen three years earlier at the Metropolitan Opera after a matinee performance of La Traviata. As he is checking his coat, he slides a pint of rye in his raincoat pocket. During the performance, he becomes aggitated during "Libiamo ne\' lieti calici", the "drinking song" in the first act. He cannot think of anything but the alcohol in the hands of the players and the bottle of rye in his pocket. He abruptly leaves the performance, and upon collecting his coat is presented with a woman\'s leopardskin coat. He becomes irritated that he can\'t get his own coat and is forced to wait until the only person remaining in the area, is the woman with his hat and coat. He is incredibly rude to her, but he makes a quick recovery with his manners and she invites him to a party. He declines, but as shifts his coat off his arm, the flask falls out of his pocket and smashes on the sidewalk. He tells a lie that it\'s for a friend, and asks if he can still go along to the cocktail party. He tells the bartender he chose not to drink that night... for her. Their relationship becomes serious. One day he is due to meet Helen\'s parents, visiting from Toledo, Ohio, whom he overhears discussing his character flaws in the hotel lobby. Overpowered by anxiety, he escapes into the phone booth as Helen arrives and, while clandestinely observing her, calls and asks her to go ahead with lunch without him. This incident caused his return to drinking. Later, after Wick attempts to cover for Don\'s absence by telling Helen that Don is in Philadelphia, Don emerges from hiding and confesses his alcohol problem to Helen. He recognizes himself as two people: \'Don the writer\' and \'Don the drunk\', who is dependent on his brother. Don explains that he dropped out of college, identified earlier as Cornell, because he was convinced he was already a Hemingway, a "great writer." As he began to doubt his writing talent, he found solace in drink. Don says he can only develop writing ideas while drunk, but he forgets them when sober. Don suggests Helen drop him, but his words only strengthen Helen\'s resolve to help Don. The story returns to the present. Don cannot find a hidden bottle of whiskey, but discovers the name of a bar he has not visited before on a pack of matches. In order to pay his bill at Harry & Joe\'s, he steals a woman\'s handbag, takes it into the men\'s room, and manages to extract enough money to pay his bill. The woman, though, has recognized the theft, and he is identified as the culprit. He admits he has taken her money. The woman takes pity on him in his drunken state and does not press charges. He is told not to return and thrown out.  The next day, Saturday, Don\'s phone rings repeatedly. Don supposes it is Helen, but ignores it. Later, he tries and fails to pawn his typewriter, since all the Third Avenue pawnshops are closed because of Yom Kippur. Returning exhausted to the bar, Nat refuses to serve him. Don visits Gloria, another habitué of Nat\'s Bar, whom he had half-seriously propositioned at the bar and who has admitted being attracted to him. She is now angry over the dates he has broken with her, but after he kisses her in desperation, she yields and hands over a little money. He then falls down the stairs and is knocked unconscious. Coming around in the alcoholics\' ward of a hospital on Sunday, he is confronted by \'Bim\' Nolan who mockingly recounts the histories of other patients at "Hangover Plaza." Bim allows that admissions to the ward were more numerous during prohibition and offers Don a solution to counteract the effects of the DTs, which Don refuses. During the night, on his second attempt and wearing a stolen coat over his pajamas, Don succeeds in escaping from the ward while the staff are occupied with a more disturbed and violent patient. Meanwhile, Helen sleeps on the stairs outside his apartment. Don always ignores his milk and newspaper deliveries, but Helen is awoken by the milkman. Don\'s landlady assumes he is on one of his benders. She tells Helen she would be better off if he were dead. Elsewhere, as a liquor store is opening for the day, Don snatches a cheap bottle of whiskey from an assistant clerk. He returns home and ignores the ringing phone. Later, while inebriated, he imagines a mouse appearing out of a crack in the wall and a bat flying around his living room. The bat attacks the mouse. Bim had explained earlier that alcoholics usually imagine seeing small animals rather than "pink elephants." Helen returns, alerted by a call from Don\'s landlady who can hear his screams. Finding him in a delirious state, she vows to look after him and spends the night for reasons of propriety on Don\'s couch. In the morning, Tuesday, Don is again absent. Helen learns that Don has pawned her coat—the one that brought them together—for a gun. Once more, Helen returns to Don\'s apartment. He is eager to get rid of her, though she asks him to lend her his raincoat. Don claims their relationship is at an end. Helen, via a reflection in a mirror, spots the gun concealed in the bathroom wash basin and offers him drink as a distraction. Quickly, she is able to retrieve the gun, but Don wrenches it away from her. She reiterates her love for him. As Helen tries to persuade Don to quit drinking, the door buzzer sounds. Don answers, and Nat enters to return the typewriter Don lost at Gloria\'s home the night he fell. After Helen persuades him that "Don the writer" and "Don the drunk" are the same person, Don finally commits to writing his novel The Bottle, dedicated to Helen, which will recount the events of the weekend. He drops a cigarette into a glass of whiskey rather than drink it. He recalls that while packing for his lost weekend his mind was on a bottle suspended just outside his window, he ponders, over a reversal of the opening shot, how many other people in New York City are in the same position as he.'] ["Sydney , age 24, is a woman who has her whole life mapped out in front of her. Living with longtime boyfriend James, and working her way up at the respected high-art photography magazine Frame, Syd has desires and frustrations that seem typical and manageable. But when a crack in her ceiling springs a leak and Syd finds herself knocking on the door of her upstairs neighbor, a chance meeting suddenly takes her on a new path. Opening the door to an uncharted world for Syd is Lucy Berliner, a renowned photographer, enchanting, elusive, and curiously retired. Now 40, Lucy lives with her once glamorous, heroin-addicted German girlfriend Greta, and plays host to a collection of hard-living party kids. Before Syd's caught her breath, she's caught Lucy's fascination and is drawn into the center of Lucy's strangely alluring life upstairs. Syd mentions Lucy to her bosses  but they remain uninterested until they realise exactly who Lucy is. At a lunch, Lucy agrees to work for the magazine as long as Syd is her editor. Soon a working relationship develops between the two and a project is underway which promises a second chance for Lucy's career. But as Syd and Lucy's collaboration draws them closer together, their working relationship turns sexual and the lines between love and professionalism suddenly blur. As Syd slowly discovers the darker truths of Lucy's life on the edge, she is forced to confront her own hunger for recognition and the uncertain rewards of public esteem."] ['The film opens with several police officers dragging Sid Vicious  out of the Hotel Chelsea following the death of his girlfriend, Nancy Spungen . Vicious is soon driven to a police station and upon arrival is asked to describe what happened. A few years earlier, Vicious and Johnny Rotten  meet Spungen, a groupie who has come to London to bed The Sex Pistols. Vicious dismisses her at first, but starts dating her after she sells him heroin; it is implied that she introduces him to the drug. The two fall deeply in love, but their self-destructive, drug-fueled relationship frays Vicious\' relationship with the rest of the band, which eventually breaks up in the midst of a disastrous American tour. Vicious attempts to start a solo career with Spungen as his manager, only to be dismissed as a has-been. By now, both he and Spungen are heavily addicted to heroin, and Spungen has spiraled into a deep depression. It ends tragically one night when, during an argument in which Vicious announces his plans to stop using heroin and return to England, a suicidal Spungen begs him to kill her. They fight in a drug-induced haze, and he stabs her, although whether or not it was intentional is left to interpretation. They fall asleep and later Spungen awakes and stumbles into the bathroom, where she collapses and dies. Vicious is released on bail. After getting a pizza, some kids convince him to dance with them. In the meanwhile, a taxi with Nancy riding in the back seat picks Vicious up and drives away as Sid and Nancy embrace. The postscript then says that Vicious died of a heroin overdose: "Nancy and Sid R.I.P."'] ["The main character Julius loves helping people, so he works at a clinic. But, when he gets fired, his father figure dies, and he loses his girlfriend he starts a dangerous, drug fueled relationship with his adopted father's long lost daughter."] ["In the 1930s, boxer Barney Ross wins the welterweight championship, then meets chorus girl Cathy Holland as he celebrates. Sam Pian, his trainer, learns that Barney placed a $10,000 bet on himself to win the fight. Cathy, a single mom of a young girl, Noreen, gets to know Barney, but is unaware of his gambling habit. When he loses to Henry Armstrong, he owes thousands to a bookie named Big Ralph and is forced to work in Ralph's bar to pay off the debt. Barney joins the Marines when war breaks out. He gets Cathy to marry him before leaving for the South Pacific, where, at 33, his heroism at Guadacanal saves another soldier's life and earns Barney a medal, the Silver Star. But he also contracts malaria, for which a medic prescribes morphine. Back home in Chicago, he is given a job with a public-relations firm by the father of the man whose life he saved. Barney is now addicted to morphine, however, and incurs a huge debt to Rico, a drug pusher. Cathy catches her desperate husband breaking into Noreen's piggy bank, so she moves out. Barney becomes suicidal. But when his wife returns to inform him that Rico has been arrested, Barney vows to beat his addiction if it is the last thing he does. He checks into a hospital in Kentucky while the whole country becomes aware of his plight. Four months later, Barney is permitted to leave, rejoin his family and resume his life."] ['Angel celebrates the birth of his daughter by taking his first hit of crack cocaine. With the hesitant support of his wife, Monika, he joins a friend of his to deal drugs for a short time--enough time to get out of debt and buy some nice things for the family. Three years later, Angel is still dealing, and has not saved any money, instead spending it on crack. His addiction grows, straining his friendship and his family life, and he gradually loses control."Imdb"'] ['A young Turkish girl comes to America in search of the life she saw in the movies and on TV. Broken Angel shows that life for a foreigner is not always the Hollywood life, especially when you do not speak the language. As she is slowly swallowed by the realities, only one boy, a deaf artist, can reach her and save her life. The film also debates American-Turkish relations and the perceptive image of Turks in the U.S. and vice versa. Broken Angel premiered in Istanbul and Izmir.'] ["Tim Brett  is a former drug addict who has written a book about his experience and has been published. He has been clean for about a year. He had recently become acquainted with his aunt , a philanthropist who expresses interest in helping some of Tim's former acquaintances. She is found murdered soon after. Tim starts a relationship with Juliet , the woman who found his aunt's body, and they are soon engaged. Dissatisfied with the progress that the police are making in his aunt's murder case, he begins to ask questions of some of his aunt's acquaintances. He then begins to receive warnings from unknown persons to stop his inquiries. He meets an elderly woman on the train. She hands him a note of supposed comfort, asking him to read it at home. The note turns out to be a warning about leaving matters to the police, apparently typed on his own typewriter. There's also an ominous laugh recorded on Tim's own tape recorder, indicating that someone had been in his apartment. Tim is then visited by a police sergeant, Sgt. Matthews, who informs him that the woman on the train had lodged a complaint against Tim. Sgt. Matthews takes Tim's information but after the woman is also killed, Tim finds out that there is no sergeant by that name working at the police station. Tim is later assaulted on the streets at night by two men who leave him lying on the ground with a hypodermic needle. Tim throws the needle away down a gutter. He makes contact with a secret government agency which tells him that they are after the people who are threatening him, but all is - again - not what it seems to be. As the situation continues, Tim and Juliet's wedding fast approaches."] ['{{Plot}} Mark Renton  and Spud  are running down Princes Street pursued by security guards. Renton\'s close circle of football enthusiast friends are introduced: James Bond-obsessed amoral con artist Sick Boy , clean-cut athlete Tommy , simpleminded, good-natured Spud, and violent sociopath Begbie . Sick Boy, Spud and Renton are all heroin addicts and spend their time shooting up at the flat of their drug dealer "Mother Superior" Swanney . After awaking from a heroin induced state, Renton decides to quit heroin. Realizing he needs one last high he buys opium rectal suppositories from Mikey Forrester . After this final hit  he locks himself into a cheap hotel room to endure withdrawal. He realises that being around his friends sober, he feels that he is missing something. He later goes with his friends to a club, finding that his sex drive has returned and eventually leaves with a young woman named Diane . After sex Diane refuses to let him sleep in her room and he spends the night on a sofa in the hallway of the flat. In the morning he realizes that Diane is a fifteen-year-old schoolgirl and that her "flatmates" are actually her parents. Horrified, Renton tries to shake the incident but is forced to remain in touch after Diane blackmails him. Tommy had been dumped by his girlfriend Lizzy after a chain of events initiated by Renton. Renton had stolen one of Tommy and Lizzy\'s personal sex tapes, hiding it in the case of a football video. Lizzy angrily believed that Tommy had returned their tape to the video store. Sick Boy, Spud and Renton decide to start using heroin again and a brokenhearted Tommy begins using as well, despite Renton\'s reluctance to get him started. One day the group\'s heroin-induced stupor at Swanney\'s flat is violently interrupted when Allison, their friend and fellow addict, discovers that her infant daughter Dawn has died from neglect. All are horrified and grief-stricken especially Sick Boy who is implied to be Dawn\'s father. Renton and Spud are later caught stealing from a book shop and are pursued by security guards and arrested. Due to prior convictions Spud goes to prison but Renton avoids punishment by entering a Drug Interventions Programme, where he is given methadone. Despite support from his family Renton is constantly depressed and bored with life and escapes to Swanney\'s flat where he nearly dies of an overdose. Renton\'s parents take him home and lock him in his old bedroom so he can beat the addiction. As Renton lies in his bed and goes through severe withdrawal symptoms, he hallucinates Diane singing on the bed, his friends giving him advice and Allison\'s dead baby crawling on the ceiling. The heroin withdrawal is inter-cut with an imagined TV game show in which host Dale Winton asks Renton\'s parents questions about HIV. Renton is finally roused from his nightmares and hallucination by his parents who tell him he needs to get tested. Despite years of sharing syringes with other addicts Renton tests negative. Though clean of heroin, Renton is nevertheless bored and depressed, feeling that his life has no purpose. He visits Tommy in his now dark filthy flat. Tommy is now a full-on heroin addict and is HIV positive. On Diane\'s advice, Renton moves to London and starts a job as a property letting agent. He begins to enjoy his new life of sobriety and saves up money on the side while corresponding with Diane. Begbie commits an armed robbery and arrives at Renton\'s London flat seeking a hiding place. Sick Boy, who now sees himself as a well-connected pimp and drug pusher also shows up at Renton\'s doorstep. They soon learn of Tommy\'s death from toxoplasmosis and travel back to Edinburgh for his funeral. Back home, they meet Spud, who has been released from prison. Sick Boy suggests a profitable but dangerous heroin transaction, but needs Renton to supply half of the initial £4,000. After the purchase, Renton injects a dose of heroin to test the purity. The four then sell the heroin to a dealer for £16,000. They go to a pub and celebrate, discussing possible plans for the money. As Begbie and Sick Boy leave to order another round of drinks, Renton suggests to Spud that they steal the money, but Spud is too frightened of Begbie to consider it. Renton believes that neither Sick Boy nor Begbie deserve the cash. Early in the morning as the others sleep, Renton quietly takes the money. Spud sees him leave but does not tell the others. When Begbie awakens he destroys the hotel room in a violent rage which attracts the police. Renton travels to London and vows to live a stable, traditional life. Later, Spud finds £2,000 Renton has left for him, so he can have a clean start.'] ['The story follows Bob Hughes  and his crew of drug addicts as they travel across the U.S. Pacific Northwest in the early 1970s, supporting their habit by robbing pharmacies and hospitals. After a tragedy strikes the group, Bob decides to try to "go straight", but finds that there is more to extricating himself from the drug user\'s lifestyle than just giving up drugs.'] ["Barbara Gordon appears to have it all, including a successful career in a male-dominated industry and a solid relationship with her live-in lover, attorney Derek Bauer. Beneath her facade is a high-strung personality who heavily relies on sedatives to reduce tension and anxiety and maintain a composed exterior for her friends and associates. Her current project focuses on cancer patient Jean Scott Martin and her husband Ben and how the couple is coping as the disease progresses. Despite reserverations expressed by her collaborators, Barbara is determined to end the film on a positive note, showing the Martins embracing on the beach. When she shows them a rough cut, fatalistic Jean is angered by the false optimism and vehemently voices her objections to Barbara's choices. The response triggers a deep depression in Barbara, who relies on Doctor Kalman, her therapist of many years, and an increased dosage of Valium to see her through the crisis. She finally reaches a turning point when she realizes Kalman's treatment has been ineffective and admits her dependence on drugs is controlling her life. Her effort to quit cold turkey results in a rapid physical, mental, and emotional deterioration fueled by Derek's refusal to let her seek medical help and his alcohol-driven determination to control her completely. Following a series of physical fights, he imprisons her - bruised, bloodied, and broken - by tying her to a chair. She manages to convince him they had dinner plans with friends Karen and Sam Mulligan, and when he calls them to cancel, her screams for help alert them to her situation. Barbara is institutionalized and begins a long and arduous journey towards recovery with the help of Julie Addison. During this period, she is visited by Jean, who confesses she may have overreacted to Barbara's film and feels a sense of guilt over her breakdown. Her encouragement inspires Barbara to get well and complete the project. Jean suggests she end the film with an image of Barbara herself walking on the beach, and she complies with her wishes. Jean dies before seeing the completed work, but a newly confident Barbara is certain she would have approved of it."] ["The film is less concerned with plot than behavior as a friendship develops between Bill Denny  and Charlie Waters  over their mutual love of gambling. Charlie is a wisecracking joker and experienced gambler constantly looking for the next score. Initially, Bill isn’t as committed a gambler  but he’s well on his way. As the film progresses and the two men hang out more, Bill starts to become more addicted to the gambling lifestyle. He goes into debt to his bookie, Sparkie . Eventually, Bill hocks some of his possessions to fund a trip to Reno, where Bill and Charlie pool their money to stake Bill in a poker game . Bill wins $18,000, but doesn't quit; he is convinced he is on a hot streak. He plays blackjack, then roulette and finally craps, winning more and more money, eventually cashing out $82,000. But something happens at the craps table. When he finally stops, he is drained, almost apathetic. After they split their winnings, he tells Charlie he's quitting and going home. Charlie doesn't understand it, but sees that his friend means what he says, and they go their separate ways."] ["The film begins with an account of impoverished families living on the North-West coast of the United States having taken up arms smuggling to support themselves and their families. A group of said smugglers have just received a shipment of high tech weapons, including one-man portable rocket launchers, but are intercepted and slaughtered by a rival group who take the weapons for themselves. One member of the first group escapes, but is tracked down and killed, along with his wife; only their daughter Alex escapes. A group of scouts on a camping trip in the rainforest stumble upon a cache of the aforementioned rocket launchers hidden in a shack. Taking some of the weapons for fun, they accidentally drop a map showing their base camp. The arms smugglers arrive at the shack soon after the boys leave. Using the map the boys dropped, the smugglers arrive at the scout camp to retrieve the weapons. When the scouts react with non-understanding, violence ensues and several of the scouts are killed. The frightened boys flee into the woods, with the smugglers hot on their tracks. The scouts are joined in their fight for survival by Alex, who has taken up arms against her family's slayers. In their final stand, the scouts construct an elaborate trap to defeat their pursuers once and for all."] ['Daryl Poynter is a successful but self-destructive Philadelphia real estate salesman who is addicted to cocaine. He embezzles $92,000 of his company\'s money from an escrow account and then loses it all to his addiction and the stock market. Waking up one morning next to a girl who suffered a heart attack from a cocaine overdose, he tries to cover up the drug use, but the police make it clear that they know what happened. There is also the matter of the company\'s money. Daryl tries to flee the country but all flights are held up due to bad weather. His colleague Martin also refuses to put him up for a couple of weeks. Daryl then learns of a drug rehabilitation program which lasts about a month and which guarantees anonymity. He thus applies for it. There, he meets Craig, a tough but supportive drug rehabilitation counselor. With great difficulty, Craig helps Daryl to realize he is an addict and his life is complete chaos. He says to him, "The best way to break old habits is to make new ones." At a 12-step meeting, Daryl meets the older, reformed addict Richard Dirks, who will act as his sponsor. Richard eventually encourages Daryl to confess at work what he\'s done with the money. He is promptly fired. Daryl becomes attracted to a fellow patient, a woman named Charlie Standers. She is a steel foundry worker who is addicted to alcohol and cocaine. Charlie is involved in an abusive relationship with her boyfriend Lenny, a fellow addict to whom Charlie acts as a codependent. Daryl falls in love with Charlie and urges her to leave Lenny. He finally succeeds, only to witness Lenny\'s manipulative way of winning her back. Daryl tries to remain in Charlie\'s life to help her stay sober. After another fight with Lenny, she leaves the house, attempts to use drugs and is killed in a car accident. In despair, Daryl also feels a strong temptation to return to drugs. He visits Richard, who talks him out of it. Near the story\'s end, Daryl, confused but hopeful and reborn, accepts his 30 Day Sobriety Chip in front of an audience of fellow members, joking with them.'] ["Michelle Jordan  is a young energetic 8-year-old girl whose mother, Cassy Jordan , goes after man after man, neglecting her child who has never met her father. Searching for love in all the wrong places, Cassy finds a man named Reggie , who seems to be the right man in Michelle and Cassy's life. But four short years later, at the age of 12, Michelle is raped and sexually abused by Reggie. Years later, Michelle , who is now all grown up, is left with bitterness in her heart and leaves home wanting to get away from all of her past memories. Being led astray, Michelle leads a life of stripping, prostitution, and drugs. But when Michelle goes to jail, everything changes and she leaves realizing she has to make a change in her life. On her way to beginning that new life, she runs into an old childhood friend named Todd, who gives her a ride to the halfway house where she will be living with a friend, Nicole, who will help her to get her life back on track. Unfortunately, on her way to starting her life over, she runs into some such familiar roadblocks as Reggie, her mother, and Pervis, her ex-pimp and drug supplier, and she begins to spiral backwards again. This time, though, she is invited to a revival and people like Bishop T.D. Jakes, her godmother Twana, her friend Nicole, and Todd try to help her maintain herself along the right path. But can Michelle give in and forgive the man who molested and raped her—or will she give out and go back to a life of hate and unforgiveness?"] ['Ben Sanderson  is a Hollywood screenwriter whose alcoholism costs him his job, family, and friends. With nothing left, he goes to Las Vegas to drink himself to death. As he drives drunkenly down the Las Vegas Strip, he almost hits a woman in the crosswalk, Sera , who chastises him. Ben checks into a sleazy motel called The Whole Year Inn. As he looks at this the wording changes to "The Hole You\'re In." Meanwhile, Sera is a prostitute for an abusive pimp, Yuri Butso , a Latvian immigrant. Polish mobsters are after Yuri, so he breaks his relationship with Sera in fear that the Poles may hurt her, and is murdered  shortly afterwards. On his second day in Las Vegas, Ben meets Sera, on the street where he first met her, introduces himself and offers $500 to go to his room for an hour. Sera agrees to go to his room, but Ben does not want sex. Instead, they talk and create an odd relationship. Their relationship is doomed; Sera has to promise Ben she will never ask him to stop drinking, and Ben is not allowed to criticize Sera\'s occupation. At first the two are stable, as Ben is "totally at ease with this ." However, each becomes frustrated with the other\'s behavior. Sera attempts to get Ben to eat but Ben stumbles for more alcohol. Sera begs him to see a doctor. Ben, furious but intoxicated, brings another prostitute  to Sera\'s house. Sera returns home and throws Ben out. Shortly afterward, she is raped and beaten by three college students, and the injuries make her occupation obvious. After being evicted, Sera receives a call from Ben, who is on his deathbed. She visits Ben and they have sex. They fall asleep, and when Ben wakes up, he looks across at Sera, who is lying on top of him, and dies while holding her as she sleeps. His last word is "wow".'] ['The movie chronicles one woman\'s  alcoholism and her husband\'s  efforts to help her. Meg Ryan plays Alice Green, a school counselor who has a serious drinking problem and is married to Michael , an airline pilot. Though she\'s lighthearted and loving, Alice is often reckless and, when drunk, even neglects her children, nine-year-old daughter Jess  from a previous marriage, and four-year-old daughter Casey , whose father is Michael. After an accident, Alice realizes that she has "hit bottom" and goes into a clinic for rehab. When she returns home, she has kicked her addiction and has become independent and strong, and her perfectionist, controlling husband has trouble adjusting. Michael is used to his wife being weak and helpless, and they end up seeing a marriage counselor to recover from Michael\'s "co-dependency" on Alice\'s role as an alcoholic."When A Man Loves A Woman Plot Summary and Details". http://www.moviefone.com/movie/when-a-man-loves-a-woman/8770/synopsis Then Alice gets the help she needs, but realizes she can\'t be with Michael. However, even through all the trials and tribulations Michael gets back together with Alice after deciding to move to Denver. He returns on the day she gives a speech at an AA function. Her speech is about how everyone deserves a second chance. He kisses her for a long time as the credits roll.'] ['Jia Hongsheng, graduated from the Central Academy of Drama in Beijing in 1989, gains fame in the late 80s and early 90s as an actor in films such as The Case of the Silver Snake and A Woman from North Shaanxi. During rehearsal for a stageplay titled Kiss of the Spider Woman (also directed by [[Zhang Yang  in the fall of 1992, Jia first comes into contact with marijuana and subsequently becomes addicted and even experiments occasionally with heroin. In 1995, after filming Weekend Lover, Jia quits acting completely and lives off his younger sister Wang Tong. An avid fan of The Beatles, Jia listens to their music obsessively and begins to imagine himself as the son of John Lennon. In late 1995, Jia\'s parents Jia Fengsen and Chai Xiuling, both theatre actors from Northeastern China, decide to move to Beijing to help their son to quit drugs. Wang Tong, who had previous moved out, also comes back to live with her parents and brother in the same apartment. Initial efforts by the aged parents to penetrate their son\'s inner world are met with indifference, sometimes even hostility. Over time, however, Jia begins to open up gradually. He begins to take regular walks with his father, usually buying a bottle or two of beer along the way. Jia Fengsen also buys his son cassette tapes by The Beatles, as requested by the latter. In early 1996, however, Jia Hongsheng relapses after staying off drugs for almost half a year. On 19 March 1996, after drinking many bottles of beer in celebration of his twenty-ninth birthday, Jia slaps his father, claiming to teach the latter the "meaning of life". Jia\'s family subsequently contacts the police. Three policemen come the next day and bring Jia to a mental institution. While at the mental institution, Jia is put under medication and his condition improves significantly. More importantly, he has stopped fantasizing and begins to see himself as just an ordinary human being. The doctor subsequently determines that Jia is not suffering from schizophrenia but recommends that Jia stays in the institution for a longer time to completely quit drugs. On 19 March 1997, on his thirtieth birthday, Jia is finally discharged.'] 