['A lewd old lady claiming to be Mother Goose has been put on trial for obscenity, and the evidence being presented is a collection of pornographic animated shorts. Little Red Riding Hood, Jack of Jack and the Beanstalk fame, Cinderella and Snow White are among the most notable participants in what becomes an all out fairy tale orgy.'] ['A couple of newlyweds, Olga and Michael, are traveling along the desert and accidentally trespass on the property of Magda Urtado , who is the director of a boot camp of sorts, where the women are treated as slaves and are half naked at all times. Magda keeps Olga in captivity while Michael is free to go, but later on in the film he plans an escape for Olga. She goes to work with the other girls out in the hot desert, and from there the plot just goes out in all different directions. There are a couple subplots in which a few of the workers are sent out to be hookers, one where a worker participates in a deadly game of cat and mouse, and one where the Governor  is having trouble getting it on with his wife so he buys a couple of the workers to help him perform. There is also a scene where the Governor is finally able to have sex with his wife, but only while watching one of the females be raped by a dog. Director Jess Franco also stars in the movie as an obviously gay man.'] ["The movie revolves around Eun Sook , a lovely but promiscuous professor in a University, who has all the male professors wrapped around her finger. When a popular comic book artist Suk Gyu  joins the environmental awareness group that she belongs to, he attracts the jealously of Mr Yoo, a group member who fears that he would steal Eun Sook from him, even though Eun Sook does not return his intense love. What is not known to the rest is that Eun Sook and Suk Gyu attended the same junior high school where they share a secretive tragic history. Back then, Eun Sook was the girlfriend of Suk Gyu's older brother and the three rebellious teenagers indulged in sex promiscuously. Eun Sook worries that her past may be revealed. When Mr. Yoo starts snooping around Eun Sook and Suk Gyu's pasts, will their secret be kept and will they be together again?"] ['Writer Muraki becomes obsessed with a porn starlet, Nami, while doing a feature story on her. They begin a short romance after he discovers that Nami was an unwilling participant and that the rape sequence in the porn film was real. When he finds her again years later, she has descended into prostitution.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn43–44}}'] ['A young woman in a village is involved in romantic entanglements during the preparation of a festival celebration.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation04020|title2009-06-30|publisher=Korean Movie Database  }}'] ["Destricted can be described as seven short art-house porn films. 'Impaled' by director Larry Clark shows a casting for a porn film, not with the insecure women often displayed, but instead with insecure young men. 'Balkan Erotic Epic' by director Marina Abramovic is an erotic comedy about myths from the Balkan around the sexual organs. 'House Call'  is a vintage sex scene and comes closest to pornography. 'Sync'  only exists out of very fast cuts from different porn films and plays for about two minutes. 'Hoist'  is mostly an art film. 'Death Valley' opens with a beautiful shot, but then continues with an 8-minute masturbation scene. 'We Fuck Alone'  has a doll as a main character."] ["Count Dracula is an old vampire who, because of his advanced age, is forced to host tours of his castle to get new victims. In an attempt to revive his long-lost love, Vampira, Dracula sets out to collect blood from the bevy of Playboy Playmates living at his castle. However, one of the Playmates whose blood is drained is black, turning the revived Vampira into a black woman. Dracula enthralls the hapless Marc to collect blood from three white women in hopes of restoring Vampira's original skin color. Dracula transfuses the blood into her but she is unchanged; however, her bite turns Dracula black. Marc and his love Angela race to destroy Dracula but are taken aback upon seeing Dracula's new skin tone. Their surprise gives the vampires time to slip away to catch a flight to Rio for Carnival."] ["Gigi, Jerome, Christiane, Jean-Claude, and Bernard visit a resort in the Ivory Coast, the Club Med village of Assinie. Bernard subsequently meets up with his wife, Nathalie, who has already spent a week there, and they are all welcomed by Popeye and the eccentric emcees, Bobo and Bourseault. The film follows the humorous couplings and uncouplings of the group, and especially Popeye's attempt to seduce record numbers of women."] ['Caligula , the young heir to the throne of the syphilis-ridden, half-mad Emperor Tiberius , thinks he has received a bad omen after a blackbird flies into his room early one morning. Shortly afterward, Macro , the head of the Praetorian Guards, appears to tell the young man that his great uncle  demands that he report at once to the Island of Capri, where Tiberius has been residing for a number of years with a close friend Nerva , a dim-witted relative Claudius , and Caligula\'s younger stepbrother Gemellus  . Fearing assassination, Caligula is afraid to leave, but his beloved sister Drusilla  convinces him to go. At Capri, Caligula finds his uncle has become depraved, showing signs of advanced venereal diseases, and embittered with Rome and politics. Tiberius enjoys watching degrading sexual shows, often including children and various freaks of nature. Caligula observes with a mixture of fascination and horror. Tensions rise when Tiberius jokingly tries to poison Caligula in front of Gemellus. After Nerva commits suicide on the prospect of Caligula\'s rule, Tiberius collapses from a stroke, leaving Macro and Caligula planning a way to hasten the latter\'s ascent to the throne. Late one night, Macro escorts all the spectators out of Tiberius\' bedchamber to allow Caligula the opportunity to murder his uncle, but when he fails, Macro finishes the deed himself by strangling Tiberius with a scarf. Caligula triumphantly removes the imperial signet from Tiberius\'s finger and suddenly realizes that Gemellus has witnessed the murder. Tiberius is buried with honors and Caligula is proclaimed the new Emperor; he in turn proclaims Drusilla his equal, to the apparent disgust of the Senate. Afterwards, Drusilla, fearful of Macro\'s influence, convinces Caligula to get rid of him. Caligula obliges by setting up a mock trial in which Gemellus is intimidated into testifying that Macro alone murdered Tiberius. With the powerful Macro gone, Caligula appoints Tiberius\'s former adviser Longinus  as his right-hand man, and pronounces the docile Senator Chaerea  as the new head of the Praetorian Guard. Drusilla endeavors to find Caligula a wife amongst the priestesses of the goddess Isis, the cult they secretly practice. Caligula only wants to marry Drusilla, but when she refuses because she is actually his sister, he spitefully marries Caesonia , a known courtesan, but only after she bears him an heir. Caligula proves to be a popular but eccentric ruler, cutting taxes and overturning all the oppressive laws that Tiberius enacted. The Senate begins to dislike the young emperor for his eccentricities and various insults directed towards them. Darker aspects of his personality begin to emerge as well; he rapes a bride and groom on their wedding day because of a minor fit of jealousy, and orders the execution of Gemellus merely to provoke a reaction from Drusilla. After he discovers Caesonia is pregnant, Caligula suffers severe fever, but Drusilla nurses him back to health. Just as he fully recovers, Caesonia bears him a daughter, Julia Drusilla, and Caligula marries her on the spot. During the celebration, Drusilla collapses in Caligula\'s arms from the same fever he\'d suffered. Soon afterwards, Caligula receives another ill omen in the guise of a black bird. He rushes to Drusilla\'s side and watches her die. Caligula has a nervous breakdown; he smashes a statue of Isis and drags Drusilla\'s body around the palace while screaming hysterically. Now in a deep depression, Caligula walks the Roman streets, disguised as a beggar; Caligula then causes a disturbance after watching an amateur performance mocking his relationship with Drusilla. After a brief stay in a city jail, Caligula proclaims himself a god and becomes determined to destroy the senatorial class, which he has come to loathe. His reign becomes a series of humiliations against the foundations of Rome; senators\' wives are forced to work in the service of the state as prostitutes, estates are confiscated, the old religion is desecrated, and he initiates an absurd war on Britain to humiliate the army; the army never actually fights in Britain, but is ordered to attack stalks of papyrus on the shores. It is obvious to the senators and the military that Caligula must be assassinated, and Longinus conspires with Chaerea to carry out the deed. Caligula wanders into his bedroom where a nervous Caesonia awaits him. The blackbird makes a final appearance, but only Caesonia is frightened of it. The next morning, after rehearsing an Egyptian play, Caligula and his family are attacked as they leave the stadium in a coup headed by Chaerea. His wife and daughter are brutally murdered and Chaerea himself stabs Caligula in the stomach. With his final breaths, he defiantly whimpers "I live!" As Caligula and his family\'s bodies are thrown down the marble steps and their blood is washed off the marble floor, Claudius is proclaimed the new Emperor.'] ["Jay  is a bartender who abandoned his family, because his wife lost interest in him and their relationship. Now living alone in a decrepit house, he has casual weekly sex with an anonymous woman , whose name he doesn't know. At first, their relationship is purely physical, but he eventually falls in love with her. Wanting to know more about her, Jay follows her across the streets of London to the grey suburbs where she lives. He then follows her to a theatre pub where she is working as an actress in the evenings. Jay learns that her name is Claire, and has a husband  and a son. Subsequently, he terminates the relationship, as he thinks of his own sons, whom he loves and misses. They meet for a final time, and have sex with an intimacy that has been missing during the illicit sex sessions of their previous encounters."] ['Georgina Spelvin plays Justine Jones, a lonely, depressed spinster who decides that suicide is the only way out of her routinely dull existence.<ref name62 1973 Original Edition DVD] product page at VCX While lying in the bathtub, Justine slits her wrists, dying quietly as the tub fills with her blood.Spelvin, p.228 Because she has lived a \'pure\' life, Miss Jones finds herself in limbo. There she meets Mr. Abaca , an angel, of sorts, who informs her that she does not qualify for entrance to Heaven because she has killed herself. Angry that this one indiscretion has left her with only the options of limbo or Hell, she begs Mr. Abaca to let her "earn" her place in Hell by being allowed to return to earth and become the embodiment of lust.Spelvin, p.94 Justine has a few bizarre and sexually deviant encounters, the last of which is a graphic threesome. However, just as she\'s enjoying her new life of lust, the brief time Justine was given to fulfill herself runs out and she is faced with the eternity of Hell. At first, Miss Jones is horrified at the pain she will be forced to endure, but Abaca is quick to dispel the common human myth of Hell and promises Justine that she will be "quite comfortable..." Justine, now a raging sex addict, then finds herself confined to a small room with an impotent, sexually uninterested man who is more interested in catching flies than her.She desperately begs the man for sex, but he simply asks her to be quiet while he listens to the buzzing of his imaginary insects. Trapped in her own private hell, Miss Jones is left screaming in agony for all eternity, thirsting for a climax she will never achieve by her own means.'] ['Ryō Masuda  is a SM movies director who asks a woman he meets on a crowded street to star in one of his films. The woman, Yumi Sakata, accepts on a whim but her expressive features—in particular, her eyes—make that particular low-budget production into an unexpected hit. Ryō is attracted to her but feels there is something dangerous or evil about her and doesn\'t want to have anything more to do with her. However, it isn\'t that simple. Ryō\'s girlfriend, Mayumi, is a dominatrix who services a very powerful man. Mayumi\'s client, Mr. Okonogi, wants Yumi to work in an S&M show club he owns. Mayumi fears she may be "sacrificed" if Mr. Okonogi doesn\'t get want he wants and she begs Ryō to find Yumi and persuade her to go to the S&M club. Ryō finally persuades Yumi to go to the club with him and Mayumi by telling her that he loves her and that Mayumi is an ex-girlfriend from a long time ago. Yumi becomes a star dominatrix . Ryō finds himself torn between his feelings for Mayumi and Yumi\'s expectations. He also stands to make a considerable amount of money as Yumi\'s "manager" and companion. Mr. Okonogi, who defines sadism and masochism as "two sides of the same coin," and who enjoys watching as well as participating, refuses to let Mayumi retire. It appears that he has the power of life-and-death over her. One of Mayumi\'s female friends, Natsumi, commits suicide rather than continue working in the S&M industry. Mayumi goes to the funeral. Ryō does not.{{cite web}}<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title 400|yearVital Books : Asian Cult Cinema Publications|location1-889288-52-7}}'] ['Between visits from his keeper, or john, a handsome male prostitute , alone in his apartment, lounges, fantasizing about worlds where he is the central character. For example, he pictures himself as a matador, a Roman slave boy and the emperor who condemns him, and the keeper of a male harem for whom another male performs a belly dance.'] ['Sakura is a young woman who begins exploring her sexuality while preparing for university life.<ref namehttp://www2u.biglobe.ne.jp/~p-g/data/2009/090506/090515itoko.htm|title2010-06-26|languageP.G. Web Site}}'] ['Alex  is a darkly sinister thug driving around New York City at night when he spots a young woman  driving alongside him. He follows the woman to a nearby park where he cuts her off, gets out of his car, and runs into hers where he throws her into the back seat and proceeds to savagely rape her before strangling her to death. He takes her locket as a trophy to another one of his many killings. Some time later, serial killer/rapist Alex is with his working-class friend Ricky , both of whom work in a local mechanic garage which is closing up for the evening. Alex is planning to go \'boogying\' at a local disco and Ricky is tagging along. Suddenly, a large Cadillac vehicle pulls into the underground garage which contains a young, well-dressed yuppie couple named Tom  and his girlfriend Lisa  where they ask for assistance for their car\'s motor is making strange sounds. Alex refuses to help them saying that the garage is closed, and continues to refuse assistance even after Tom offers him money. But the slow-witted Ricky decides to help the couple and upon checking under the hood, finds a loose wire on the alternator and fixes it. Grateful, Tom tells Alex and Ricky that they are driving to a friend\'s house in New Jersey for a party, and Alex asks them if he and Ricky could tag along, and Tom agrees. Before closing up the garage for the night, Alex stops by his locker which is filled with various weapons he uses to kill people. Alex picks out just one; a straight-edged razor, before closing up and getting into Tom and Lisa\'s car with Ricky for the drive to New Jersey. A little later, the four arrive at a large villa situated next to a large, dark, empty park where they are welcomed by the home\'s owner Gloria , and are introduced to her friends Glenda , and Howard . But minutes after Alex and Ricky\'s arrival, there are signs of tension as it becomes obvious that the rich people are looking for kicks, as are Alex and Ricky. It first starts when Ricky is forced to make a fool of himself when Gloria asks him to do a striptease to some disco music, while he is further humiliated by forced to drink some hard liquor with each move he makes. But Alex stops Ricky before he can take it all off. While Tom, Howard, and Glenda play a card game of poker with Ricky, which is obviously rigged, Lisa begins sexually teasing Alex with her come-ons, and goes further to invite him to an upstairs bathroom to shower with her, only to push him away. As Alex grows more frustrated and angry, he later sees that the hosts are cheating at playing cards with Ricky. Finally, Alex pulls out the razor he has, and a fight breaks out between him and Howard. Alex throws Howard outside the back door where he endures a vicious beating and thrown into the backyard swimming pool, and further urinated upon by the laughing Alex, who drags Howard back inside and ties him to a piano leg, while he proclaims that he is running the party now. At this point, the movie descends into an unrelenting catalogue of abuse and humiliation as Alex and Ricky further beat on their hosts-turned-hostages with Alex slashing Tom\'s face with the razor, and beating his face into the poker table. Ricky holds the others at bay with a wine bottle and Alex corners Gloria and sexually fondles her. Lisa runs to an upstairs bedroom where she tries to escape, but Alex catches her and proceeds to rape her. When Alex takes Lisa downstairs to rejoin the other hostages, the front doorbell rings. Alex forces Gloria to answer and it\'s a neighbor, Cindy, a local teenage girl. Alex grabs Cindy, while Gloria takes advantage of this to try to escape. Ricky, still holding the broken wine bottle, runs after her and catches up with Gloria on the perimeter of the grounds. Ricky shows Gloria that he means her no harm by throwing away the wine bottle. For no clear reason, Gloria responds to his simple nature by stripping off her clothes and seducing him. Meanwhile back at the house, Alex cuts Cindy\'s blouse off with the razor while singing. Ricky then returns to the house with Gloria just as Alex forces Cindy to strip off the rest of her clothes, and proceeds to savagely slash her nude body with his razor over and over again. At this point, Ricky makes the astonishing observation that things are getting a little out of hand and attempts to stop Alex. Upset at being "betrayed" by his friend, Alex turns against Ricky and slashes his abdomen wide open, and then breaks down at what a mess he made of Ricky. Taking advantage of this distraction, the blooded and battered Tom runs into the nearby study and pulls out a 9mm pistol out from a desk drawer... and the tables are instantly turned. Tom shoots Alex a few times, then kicks him back out the glass back door and into the back yard. Gloria and the other women untie Howard, and the five hosts descend upon the fatally wounded Alex lying on the ground. Tom removes the locket Alex is wearing and reveals the reason for all this: the woman that Alex raped and murdered in the opening scene was Tom\'s sister and Tom wanted revenge, so he and Lisa wanted to lure them to Gloria\'s house so they can kill them and make it look like self-defense. Tom shoots the wounded Alex in the groin, which causes him to fall into the backyard swimming pool. Tom and Lisa take turns shooting Alex, who thrashes weakly in the water, before a final shot to the head by Howard finishes him for good. Returning to the house, Howard wants to shoot Ricky, but Gloria stops him. Glenda tends to the wounded Cindy. Tom and Lisa go into the study where they talk about this plan of revenge they had and if they went too far for it to work. Tom says that despite some mistakes and inconsistencies, that it worked out for the best, and then picks up the phone to call the police.'] ['{{expand-section}} American models accept a job overseas, attending the Crotavian bicentennial celebration; their employers insist that they wear chastity belts at all times.'] ['The storyline is reminiscent of the original Flash Gordon films, but with a generally campy flavor to it. The character names are innuendos, based on original characters from the serial, the hero Flesh Gordon ; his love interest Dale Ardor ; the evil Emperor Wang the Perverted ; Dr. Flexi Jerkoff ; Amora, Queen of Magic ; and a gay Robin Hood-like character called Prince Precious . Emperor Wang aims a "Sex Ray" at the Earth from his home world of Porno [Mongo]. The entire planet becomes hopelessly sexually obsessed and it is up to Gordon to stop the rays. The film uses nudity whenever possible, and the scenes are shot in a style nearly identical to the original Flash Gordon serials. As an example, their rocket lands on the planet Porno. A sauropod dinosaur with a glans-like head is observed. Flesh asks Dr. "J", "What\'s that"? "Must be some kind of penisaurus", Dr. "J" replies. A towering, demonic-looking creature, the Great God Porno , brought out of hibernation by Emperor Wang makes an appearance, muttering obscenities in a very velvety voice. The monster\'s fate is a major plot point.'] ['A single eventful night in the lives of a crew of Los Angeles-based, trans-Pacific stewardesses. The leading character is killed in a 30-story suicide leap, and the others simply "party," using drugs and engaging in various sexual encounters. One of the girls befriends and beds a returning Vietnam combat soldier.'] ['Willard Isenbaum, a lonely insurance man with wild and sexual fantasies, decides to propose to the new secretary, Susie, whom he has only known for a day and to whom he has never spoken. He spends the entire morning before work fantasizing about having sex with her, but his attempts to approach her fail. His female boss sends him to investigate a claim filed by Painless Martha\'s, an aging tattoo artist, who works in a prison. Martha believes in a Ouija board message saying that she will be killed by a wizard on a Tuesday. When Willard tells her that the insurance company won\'t pay until her death, she dies of a heart attack. Her will stipulates that her killer must take care of her duck. After the duo spends a night in jail, the duck takes Willard to a brothel. After a wild night of partying, they wind up in the desert, where the duck dresses Willard in women\'s clothing in an attempt to get a ride. After several encounters with an old prospector dying of thirst, a racist police officer, two lesbians, and a short Mexican man, they are finally picked up by a trucker. Back at his apartment, Willard creates a makeshift sex object, which the duck eats. Shortly after, Willard discovers that the duck is a girl, and has sex with her. The following morning, Willard and the Duck go to Willard\'s job, where Willard has sex with his female boss, and quits his job shortly after. Willard and the Duck leave, and the movie ends with Willard saying that the Duck was "a good duck" after all.'] ['The film presents a snapshot of \'60s San Francisco before shifting its focus to strippers. The strippers\' lives are earnestly portrayed as they reveal the day-to-day realities of sex work, talk bra sizes, relate their preferences in men, all voiced over while dancing topless to a 60s instrumental rock soundtrack. Throughout a large portion of the film, the narrator talks about the women as if they are a Sub-Genre of the Counter Culture Movement somewhat similar to the Beatnik or Hippie movements that were highly prevalent during the same era. The "Topless" movement as it is called by the narrator could also be perceived as an allegorical subset of the Sexual Revolution of the 1960s.'] ['French comedy about a local priest with a good mood who is sent to teach morals at a nudist colony with hilarious consequences.'] ['Budapest, Londres, Madrid, New-York, Paris, Munich: Bernt Mittler goes on report about housewives sexual life.'] ["Jin-gyu, an out of work film school graduate, applies for the position of director with pornographic film company Only4Men. The following day he is hired as an assistant director for a production called All Nude Boy, and must become accustomed to working with makeshift locations, impromptu settings, and abuse from the general public. The production's lead actress, Sabine, becomes attracted to him, and the two end up spending the night together after a staff dinner. Later, Jin-gyu gets an offer to work on a real film for a major production company."] ["Sae is a girl in love with a samurai in Edo period Japan. Her father sends her to the Shogun's court, where she is intended to serve as a concubine to the Shogun. When her rivals start rumors that Sae is not a virgin, the Shogun angrily banishes her to a nunnery. With help from her samurai boyfriend, Sae escapes, and the two flee together.{{cite web}}"] ['{{plot}} It is the 1970s; Fritz the Cat is now married, on welfare, and has a child named Ralphie, who casually masturbates. As his wife screams at him for being an irresponsible father and husband, Fritz sits on the couch, staring off into space, smoking a joint. Tired of listening to his wife nag at him, he fades off into his own little world, imagining what life would be like for him if things were different. The first character he meets on his stoned journey is Juan, a Puerto Rican. The two talk about Juan\'s sister Chita. The scene fades to Juan\'s house where Fritz is seen sitting on the couch smoking a joint next to Chita, while Juan is at the store. Chita complains to Fritz when he blows smoke in her eyes. His reaction is to tell her to loosen up and "embrace her fellow man", then he suddenly shoves a joint into her mouth, taking her off into her own hallucinogenic fantasy. The pot makes her horny. Meanwhile, outside, a pair of crows are about to rob the place, but decide to stay outside and watch what happens inside instead. A car pulls up and out comes Chita\'s father, who sees Fritz and Chita having sex, and blows Fritz apart with a shotgun. This violent display turns off the two crows, who decide to come back at another time. In his second life, Fritz meets a drunken bum claiming to be God. In his third life, Fritz imagines that he is a soldier in World War II-era Nazi Germany. After being caught having a ménage à trois with two German girls by a commanding officer , Fritz escapes, and winds up being an orderly to Adolf Hitler. Fritz takes the form of a therapist, and analyzes Hitler, telling him that his world domination plans were just a way of trying to get attention. In the showers, Hitler "accidentally" drops his soap, and urges Fritz to pick it up, in an attempt to rape him, and ends up getting his single testicle blown off. In this segment, Fritz meets his death by way of the US Army. The film cuts back to 1970s-era New York in Fritz\'s fourth life, as Fritz attempts to sell a used condom to a liquor store owner, Niki, who bets he knows who Fritz used it on. The two break out laughing as they take turns describing the woman. Fritz at one point blurts out that the woman has got the clap. When Niki asks who her name is, Fritz responds by telling him "Gina". Niki says that that\'s his wife\'s name and that she doesn\'t have the clap. Fritz tells him "she does now," causing Niki to curse and shout at Fritz. As he walks out of the store, Fritz bumps into a pig named Lenny. Fritz tells him that he was an irresistible stud in the 1930s. Fritz\'s fifth life is a psychedelic montage of old stock film and animation, vaguely illustrating Fritz\'s downfall in the 1930s . In his sixth life, Fritz shows up at a pawn shop run by a Jewish crow named Morris, and tries to get a welfare check cashed. Fritz tries to make a deal with Morris: If Morris will cash Fritz\'s welfare check, then Fritz will give Morris a toilet seat. Morris doesn\'t like the deal, but suddenly getting diarrhoea from the pickles he has been eating, he reluctantly accepts the deal, but instead of cashing Fritz\'s welfare check, he gives Fritz a space helmet. We then see Fritz in his seventh life, as NASA hires Fritz to go into space on the first mission to Mars. While waiting for the shuttle to take off, Fritz decides to have sex with one of the reporters, a black girl. However, the space shuttle takes off a little early, and, once in space, it explodes. In Fritz\'s next life, the film portrays Fritz talking to the ghost of his black crow friend Duke, who was shot to death in the previous film. The film then flash-forwards to a future where New Jersey is a separate country from the rest of the United States, and has been renamed "New Africa", home to all black crows. Fritz is just starting his job as a courier, and he is asked by President Henry Kissinger to deliver a letter to the president of New Africa. In New Africa, Fritz finds a high crime rate, corruption, and violence. Once Fritz is led to "The Black House", he hears the president of New Africa and his vice-president talking about how low his popularity is, and how an assassination attempt would boost his popularity. The president refuses to get shot, but is shot anyway, because the vice president needs his president\'s popularity to increase so he will not lose the upcoming election. The vice-president blames the assassination on Fritz, because he is the only "white" cat in New Africa. Because of this, America and "New Africa" are at war, and Kissinger eventually admits an unconditional surrender. In the end, Fritz is shot for the crime he did not commit. In his final life, Fritz finds himself living in the sewers of New York, where he meets an Indian guru, and the devil. However, Fritz is given a rude awakening from his drug-induced reality by his wife, who finally throws him out of the apartment. After a quick look at all of his lives, Fritz sighs and says "This is about the worst life I\'ve ever had."'] ["Philip and Alexandria Marcus are a young couple who decide to take a vacation to a friend's house in the Arizona desert to rekindle their passion, only to have their vacation turn into a nightmare when they cross paths with a homicidal ex-con named Randall and his seductive hitchhiking partner/lover Maggie who hold Philip and Alex hostage in their house, thus beginning a web of mind games, deceit and lust among all four involved."] ['The story begins with Jack Baker and Jamie Gillis telling jokes as they watch porn and talk about women. They fantasize how their lives would be better if they were pimps with women working for them. They discuss opening an escort service featuring "new wave bitches" who would become aroused after they hear New Wave music. They fall asleep to TV static, and much of the remainder of the film depicts the two men dreaming about different sexual encounters with women who become sexually receptive after listening to new wave.'] ['Olaf  brings women to the home he shares with his drunken mother . Once the unlucky ladies arrive, they are drugged, imprisoned, tied up and then turned into junkie-prostitutes.'] ["A teenager gets in trouble for vandalizing the Hollywood sign and goes to work for his uncle's hot tub repair business rather than go to prison. The nephew falls in love with a secretary at his uncle's company, but risks losing her when caught in compromising situations while performing his duties as a hot tub repairman."] ['A traffic accident brings together the widow Michiyo and her step daughter Takako with Hideo, the young man who caused the accident. Hideo and Takako start a relationship but Michiyo finds out that Hideo is the son of the man who raped her many years earlier. After this discovery, Michiyo\'s feelings alternate between guilt and excitement and she secretly spies on the young lovers. As atonement she decides to have her "most sensitive areas" tattooed but the pain brings her pleasure. The denouement has Hideo lusting after Michiyo and raping her as his father had done.'] ['Two scientists use electric jolts to induce a woman named Mrs. Van Houten with surreal and erotic dreams. After a set of strange scenes ranging having sex with a man inside a Cream of Wheat box to a trip into the abyss of Hell, it is revealed that the woman receiving the jolts of electricity was the boss of the two scientists the whole time.'] ['Debbie Benton  is the captain of her high school cheerleading squad, and has been accepted to try out for the Texas Cowgirls. Her parents disapprove, though, and refuse to pay the fare to Texas. In a bid to help Debbie, her cheerleader friends Lisa , Roberta , Tammy ([[Arcadia Lake , Pat , and Annie  decide to accompany her to Texas. They have two weeks to raise the money, and swear off any sexual activity with their boyfriends and form a company, called "Teen Services", offering help. Tammy takes a job in the local record store run by Tony . Debbie gets a job at a sports store run by Mr. Greenfield . Roberta convinces Mr. Hardwick ([[Eric Edwards  to give her a job at the candle store with Mrs. Hardwick . Rikki  and Annie agree to wash Mr. Bradly\'s car. The football team is annoyed with its lack of sex. Roberta\'s boyfriend Rick  and his teammates join Roberta and Pat in the showers where they have group sex. While working for Mr. Greenfield at the sports store, Debbie is talked in to allowing Mr Greenfield to see her breasts for $10, fondle her breasts for another $10, then he sucks them for an additional $20. Realising that they will not be able to raise enough money by legitimate means, Debbie convinces the other girls to engage in sexual activities for more money. They agree but only if it is on their terms. Roberta is caught masturbating by Mrs. Hardwick. She engages in sexual activity with both Mr and Mrs Hardwick, earning extra money. Rikki and Annie go to see Mr. Bradly , to wash his car. Mr. Bradly is not home, but they wash the car anyway. When Mr. Bradly arrives home he asks them in to dry off their wet clothes. They undress for him for $10 each. He performs oral sex on them, then has anal sex with Annie. At the library Donna  flirts with Mr Biddle, the librarian. Her boyfriend Tim  visits her attempting to have sex with her. She fellates him but is caught by Mr Biddle . She allows him to spank her to prevent him from telling her parents. Hamilton  and his friend Ashly  are in the tennis club sauna after a tennis game, and Hamilton convinces Lisa to fellate him while Ashly penetrates her. At the record store, Tammy has been avoiding Tony\'s advances; she calls Lisa who joins them at the record store. Lisa offers Tony "anything" and she begins to fellate him, then Tammy joins in, and he ejaculates on Tammy\'s breasts. Debbie dresses as a "Texas Cowgirl" and goes to see Mr. Greenfield after hours at the store. She fellates him, he then penetrates her vagina with his finger and performs cunnilingus on her. Then they engage in sex, first in the missionary position, then doggy style, and then with Debbie on top. They finish in the missionary position before Mr. Greenfield ejaculates on Debbie.'] ['Chambers plays the role of Gloria. Gloria is then shown being kidnapped and taken to a sex theater, where she is placed on a stage and forced to perform various sexual acts with multiple partners in front of a masked audience. Her first heterosexual scene in the film is with Johnny Keyes, accompanied by a jazz soundtrack.Williams, p. 300 This possibly makes Behind the Green Door the first U.S. feature-length hardcore film to include an interracial sex scene. Next the truck driver-narrator runs onto the stage and carries Gloria off through the green door.'] ['A Miss Galaxy competition is hijacked by a gang who take a number of hostages and demand diamonds as a ransom. However, the host, Sharon Bell, a kick-boxing actress, is determined to stop them.'] ["Madeleine Dalton was once a wild girl who was drawn to bad boys, but has now settled down with real estate broker Mike Dalton. She is desperate to make her dead-end relationship exciting again and goes seeing a psychiatrist, Dr. Jennings. He suggests her to spice up her sex life by playing games. She decides to give it a try and begins using handcuffs and letting her get blindfolded. Meanwhile, several women in Santa Monica are getting handcuffed, blindfolded and knifed to death. Madeleine's sister Chris Madigan is involved with investigating the murders and ends up finding a corpse. She suspects Dr. Jennings is the murderer since he has some sort of connection to a presumed dead killer with an identical modus operandi. While the identity of the murderer is coming closer to being exposed, Madeleine is drawn more and more into the games. She eventually becomes obsessed with S&M and starts an affair with Dr Jannings, but it takes its toll...Stomp Tokyo Plot summary description"] ['The story begins during a thunderstorm. The house, which is shown in the opening shot, named Prairie Blossom, is very clearly fake which lends itself to comedic value. A caller, Willene Cassidy, pays a visit to the house owner, Mrs. Gert Hammond, who is very drunk. She insists that she make herself presentable before she answers the door. This takes a very long time and she makes a bad job of putting on her makeup. In an effort to get the alcohol out of her system she makes herself vomit by putting her fingers down her throat. Finally, having retrieved her wig from the toilet, where it fell during her vomiting, she is ready to greet her visitor. Willene is shocked at the dishevelled appearance of Mrs. Hammond and insist on giving her a bath. Willene explains that her husband is a very famous country music star, Simon Cassidy, whose music is heard on the radio during the later scene and is terrible. During the course of the bath, Willene unintentionally masturbates Mrs. Hammond. It is also revealed that Mr. Hammond died and that their son "no longer exists". As the night goes on, more and more visitors appear to shelter from the storm. Among them is Chandler, widower of the incredibly wealthy Sarah Lou Phillips. The House of Phillips owns the largest girdle factory in the United States. Their popularity is such that few American women are without one. Chandler relates the story of his wife\'s death. She burned to death at a cocktail party, where there was a freak accident and her girdle caught fire. This caused burning rubber to envelop her head, and finally she fell dead into the swimming pool, her head steaming. This causes Chandler to have a bizarre sexual dysfunction. Although initially attracted to women, they would invariably prove to be owners of House of Phillips girdles. When they took off their clothes before sex, he would be reminded of the death of his wife and would not be able to maintain an erection. For this reason he had been having sex with other men, as they don\'t wear girdles that would remind him of the horrific immolation of Sarah Lou Phillips. Rather strangely, during the telling of this story, Chandler is being fellated by Sash and has no apparent erectile problems. Chandler and Sash, while in the basement, discover that Mrs. Hammond had pickled the remains of her husband and kept them in a jar. She tells of the death of her husband, who had been working one day in the grain bin and got covered with grain dust. A swarm of locusts dived on him to eat the dust and in the process devoured much of Mr. Hammond\'s body. During the course of the night, many of the guests have sex with each other in various combinations. There are a great many sex toys at Prairie Blossom. Mrs. Hammond explains that her son collected them. They would be delivered in plain brown packages which she would take to him with his morning breakfast. This causes her to wistfully repeat that he "no longer exists". One of the guests, a man named Toydy, becomes obsessed with finding the key to a locked door in the house. One of the female guests, Roo, finds the key but will not give it to Toydy unless he agrees to ejaculate in her mouth. Despite not finding her attractive, Toydy agrees and manages to stay aroused by watching Bond and Willene have sex. The final human guest at Prairie Blossom, Bing, arrives in an agitated state. He had come from the circus in a vehicle containing a toothless lion, a near-blind elephant, and a female gorilla named Medusa. He explains to the group that Medusa is extremely dangerous and is likely to kill anyone she comes across. It is revealed that Bing himself is the cause of the apes murderous tendencies. His circus-mates, having got Bing drunk, convinced him to have sex with a prostitute. Despite her being hirsute, Bing is too drunk to say no. The next morning, he awakens to the pleasant feeling of being masturbated, though to his horror, the act is being carried out by Medusa, who now has a severe crush on him. She soon realises that her feelings are not being reciprocated and becomes enraged with him, and indeed all men. However, subsequent mistreatment by a female circus-worker causes these feelings to spread to women as well. The only way to calm Medusa is by giving her bananas. Toydy, having watched Bond and Willene have sex, decides to lie to Bond in order to have sex with him. Toydy says that he has a crate of bananas and will give them to Bond if he will have sex with him. Bond considers this carefully, not having had a homosexual encounter before, but agrees on the strength that he and Willene  can use the bananas to escape the murderous primate. On discovering the deception, Bond takes it in his stride and tells Willene he had to be broken in sometime. He jokes that if things don\'t work out between himself and her, he can always try for her husband. Meanwhile, Toydy having gained the key to the locked door earlier opens it with Roo to discover Prairie Blossom\'s terrible secret. By morning, the fate of Roo and Toydy is unknown to the others. Chandler and Sash leave together, as do Bond and Willene, though Bond tells her he likes to sleep around too much to really settle down. Bing has married Medusa, though for some reason, he wore the wedding dress. Mrs. Hammond, alone with the jar containing her husband, proposes a toast to love, and pours Mr. Hammond\'s drink into his jar.MITTERNACHTSKINO - Thundercrack!'] ['Scotty Palmer  is portrayed as a down on his luck con man who gets kicked out of his home. Scotty soon finds three older divorcees who have a lot of money, however they do not have a trait that Scotty possesses, moxie with women. They agree to let Scotty stay with them at their beach house, if he returns the favor by teaching them how to pick up women. Scotty shows them how to "dialog" women by giving them a dose of the old BBD . Along this journey, Scotty loses his playboy ways and falls in love with Kristi . Kristi, knowing Scotty\'s playboy past, puts up with his ups and downs early on in the movie but later insists that he change his ways. Scotty recognizes that Kristi is ultimately more important than the empty life he has led up until now and changes his ways.'] ['The plot involves an alien, Sterilox, from the "Buttless" galaxy being sent to Earth in order to find the perfect woman who will be used to create a race of servants. Sterilox is teleported into the lab of a mad scientist by the name of Dr. Breedlove, who offers Sterilox a number of beautiful women to choose from. The highlight of the movie involves a dance number where three of Breedlove\'s women gyrate to rock music.'] ['All About Anna tells the story of Anna , a single woman who seeks to maintain an active sex life while staying clear of emotional involvement, after having been jilted by the love of her life, Johan . She has a relationship with Frank , but refuses to let him move in with her. When Johan shows up again after five years absence, she starts wondering how much longer she can maintain her emotional independence, and if that is what she wants. She has sex with him, loses his telephone number and cannot contact him. She ends her affair with Frank and when she is offered a job as costume designer in a French theatre, she decides to move to Paris. She leaves her flat to her flat-mate Camilla  who asks her permission to rent out the now empty room to a friend of hers. This friend turns out to be Johan, and Anna meets him as she leaves for Paris, where the local stage actors Pierre  and Sophie  offer new amorous temptations, but she worries about Johan finding a new love. In the end she returns to Copenhagen and, after mistakenly thinking that Johan has been unfaithful to her, she faces her fears of commitment and is reunited with Johan.'] ["{{plot}} Donna Taylor is a young prostitute recruited by a criminal organization  to help blackmail their latest target, a politician. She agrees to carry out their plan of meeting him in his hotel room, drugging his drink, and having pictures taken of him while he is unconscious. She soon finds out the drug she administered was not a simple sedative as she had been told by Sandra and Erica, the two members of the Syndicate accompanying her, but a lethal poison. They threaten to kill Donna if she doesn't stay silent about the murder. After they depart to dispose of the body, Donna calls a friend, arranging to use the friend's place in Mexico to hide out. Unknown to her, the hotel room is being monitored by another member of the Syndicate, who passes this information along to the Syndicate. The next morning, Donna drives off toward the US-Mexico border, unaware Sandra and Erica know where she is going. Donna stops at a remote gas station to refuel, and is approached by a young, female hitchhiker who urgently needs a ride. Donna declines, and while she is away from the car, the hitchhiker jumps in and drives off. Sandra and Erica pull into the gas station, and ask the attendant if they'd seen a car matching Donna's description. He points them in the direction the hitchhiker left, they drive off immediately, before he can tell them it had been stolen. Donna recognizes them, and now realizes she is being hunted. Another customer, a young man named Chuck, has witnessed the series of events, and offers to give Donna a ride. Suspicious of his motives, she declines, instead accepting a ride from a seemingly more trustworthy old man named H.R. Stringham. However, Stringham abducts Donna, taking her back to his remote desert home where he demands Donna have sex with his mentally-impaired son, Ben. Donna reluctantly agrees, and the two go off to a secluded area, but as she begins to disrobe, it is evident the childlike Ben does not understand what to do. She sneaks back to the house, and steals his pickup truck. Meanwhile, the Syndicate girls overtake Donna's car, now driven by the hitchhiker, who explains that she stole the car at the gas station they had just passed. Angered that Donna has eluded them, they kill the girl and return to the station. The attendant updates the two on Donna's whereabouts, and gives them directions to Stringham's house. They pass Donna leaving in Stringham's pickup, but do not recognize her. Stringham's truck soon runs out of fuel, and while Donna is pondering her next move, a vehicle pulls up behind her. She arms herself with a pistol she finds in the glovebox, and waits. The driver turns out to be Chuck, who had been camping nearby when he noticed the stalled truck. He convinces her that the desert roads are impossible to navigate at night, and she decides to return to his camp until daybreak. Donna soon lets her guard down, and tells her story to Chuck. At first, he is apprehensive about getting involved, but eventually agrees to help her escape. They have sex. Sandra and Erica finally reach the old man's house, where he explains how Donna escaped. They decide to stay the night, and resume hunting Donna in the morning. Sandra becomes drunk, and playfully begins seducing, then mounting the dim-witted Ben. As he reaches an orgasm, she pulls out her pistol and shoots him in the head, laughing. His father hears the noise and comes in, horrified and aghast. Sandra shoots and kills him as well. The next morning, Donna and Chuck are driving down a desert road when Sandra and Erica pick up their trail and catch up to them. Chuck pulls over near an outcrop of hills, and provides cover fire while Donna tries to escape on foot. Chuck runs out of ammunition, but manages to ambush Erica and, during a brief struggle, shoot her, and take her gun. Donna is chased by Sandra and finally killed. Sandra is quickly picked up by a car driven by the Syndicate boss, just as Chuck arrives, and finds Donna's body. Bent on revenge, Chuck steals a dune buggy, chases them, and kills both Sandra and the driver."] ['Victoria is a dealer. She is playing a dangerous game. She is playing into the hands of her husband and his partner, who are dirty cops. Victoria is falling in love with a reporter, who knows all of their secrets.'] ['Ben-Hur Ova , who has a loving and devoted wife, Miassis , is voted the "World\'s Most Faithful Husband" by Ladies House Companion magazine. Lucifer U. Devil  is upset because there have not been enough new souls in Hell. The last "major" arrival was Adolf Hitler. Lucifer is challenged by the claim that no earthly temptation can lure Ben away from Miassis. He bets his wife, Saturna , who has been badgering him to get back on duty, that he can get Ben to forsake his faithfulness. "I’ll have him cheating on his wife within two shakes of a sinner’s tail," he vows. He visits the couple in order to tempt Ben with a succession of buxom, naked young women. There is a scene in a backyard swimming pool with a sexy bathing beauty; another scene in the same pool has two beauties; and there is a peek at the new maid. None of his ploys work, however. Lucifer then escorts Ben for a night out on the town, treating him to cocktails, barmaids, a burlesque show, a Turkish bath, a hotel room, and a special TV commercial during Ben\'s favorite program, The Wonderful World of Disney. As it turns out, Ben-Hur Ova is actually a visiting Arabian sheik with a large harem of wives and Lucifer\'s efforts to tempt him with beautiful, sexy women is to no avail.'] ['Gas station attendant Clint Ramsey, who works at Martin Bormann\'s Super Service in the desert, finds himself too irresistible to a series of women, all of whom have the word "Super" in their given names. In the beginning, he is married to the hypersexual, demanding, and jealous SuperAngel , who constantly harasses him at work. She orders him home at once when she calls Clint and overhears a female customer, SuperLorna , hitting on him at work. Clint finds SuperAngel\'s constant accusations and arguing a turnoff and, back at home, they fight after he rejects her aggressive advances. A neighbor calls the police as Clint leaves for a local bar, where the bartender is the very scantily clad SuperHaji ([[Haji . Meanwhile, SuperAngel seduces Harry Sledge ([[Charles Napier , the cop who responded to the police call. He is impotent and unable to perform. She repeatedly taunts and insults him over this, which finally results in him killing her by stomping her brutally in a bathtub, then throwing a radio in the water which was plugged into the wall socket. Sledge burns down the house, then tries to pin the murder on Clint. Clint claims being in the pub all night, but SuperHaji has her revenge on him  by refusing to confirm his alibi. Clint is then forced to flee. In his rush to escape, Clint hitchhikes a ride from a man  and his girlfriend SuperCherry . During the drive, SuperCherry comes on to him and puts his hand over her breast, but then pulls it back. She then tries to give him a handjob over his pants, but he continues to resist her advances. The driver takes offense to Clint rejecting his girlfriend, but she says he probably just wants a closer contact. She again attempts and fails to seduce him and he asks the driver to let him get out. The driver follows him out and beats and robs him. Clint is found by an old farmer who takes him to his farm to heal from his injuries and Clint agrees to work for the farmer for a week to repay him. The farmer has a younger Austrian mail-order bride, SuperSoul , who is hypersexual. After energetically satisfying her husband, she comes knocking on Clint\'s door at night. She immediately pushes him into his bed where she proceeds to mount and rape him, until he manages to overpower her. However, she does the same the following day and this time overpowering him after jumping him from behind in the barn. Looking for SuperSoul, the farmer finds them in the barn, then chases Clint away and punches SuperSoul. Fleeing from the farm, Clint meets a motel owner and his deaf daughter, SuperEula , who convinces him to take a ride with her in her dune buggy to have sex in the desert. They are caught by her father and chased out of town. Clint eventually meets up with SuperVixen  at Supervixen\'s Oasis, a roadside diner. SuperVixen is  a friendly and giving reincarnation of SuperAngel, whose ghost now appears nude between scenes to comment on the plot from atop a bedspring balanced on a mesa. Clint and SuperVixen fall in love and are inseparable, although their common nemesis, Harry Sledge, arrives on the scene and plots ending the lives of the now happy couple.'] ['The satirical film spoofs several recent pop cultural It Girl moments such as Janet Jackson\'s wardrobe malfunction and Ashlee Simpson\'s lip synching fiasco. It has also been called an African American Red Shoe Diaries.Afrodite Superstar Afrodite Superstar evolves the standard fairytale of Cinderella —girl gets her prince and a sense of self as well. The plot summary: Have you ever dreamed of being a superstar? Poor little rich girl AfroDite hasn’t—not until she runs into CEO, the mogul’s mogul of hip hop. Catapulted in to the world of made mega-stars, AfroDite quickly becomes a top selling rapper and nothing can keep her down – not wardrobe malfunctions, not lip synching fiascos, nothing! Well, almost nothing. Finding herself a little socially challenged in the love department, her secret crush CEO only seems to see dollar signs on her forehead. The principal questions are "Will AfroDite get her man" and "Will super-stardom turn out to be everything she never wished for?"'] ['The film is separated into four stories. The first story involves André  who takes his 16-year old cousin  to the beach to perform fellatio on him in tune to the waves of the incoming tide. The second story is titled Thérése Philosophe and involves a teenage country girl  who intermingles sexual desires in her imagination with her dedication to Christ after being locked in her room. The third story features Elizabeth Báthory  as a Countess who murders young girls in order to gain eternal youth by bathing in their blood. The final story involves the daughter of Pope Alexander VI, Lucrezia Borgia , having sex with her male relatives.'] ['Erotic Ghost Story revolves around three fairies  who have attained human form. Upon helping a hapless scholar, the trio begin to have lustful thoughts about him. This soon leads to many erotic romps and the eventual discovery that he is a dangerous demon.'] ['The movie features scenes of Laurer and Waltman taking a guided tour of China, intercut with footage of the pair participating in explicit anal, vaginal, and oral sex acts, with special emphasis on an anal sex scene, which serves as the climax of the film. Waltman appears to be under the influence of marijuana during much of the film, something which he later admitted to in an interview.'] ["Patricia Porker  is a shy New Jersey high school girl whose life is changed forever when she is bitten by a genetically-engineered spider and turns into a wall-climbing beauty with superhuman strength. Calling herself SpiderBabe, she uses her newfound powers to enter a wrestling contest and win enough money to move out of her Uncle Flem and Aunt Maybe's home and into her own apartment with Lisa Knox . However, a robber interferes and inspires Patricia to fight crime in New York City. Meanwhile, Lisa's ambitious sister, Lucinda Knox , uses the same genetic engineering techniques that Patricia's science teacher, Dr. Dowell , had used on a spider on herself, and gains a villainous alter-ego, the sexy and evil genius Femtilian. Like Norman Osborn  in the original movie which this one spoofs, Femtilian sets out on a quest for world domination which brings her into conflict with the heroic SpiderBabe."] ["A homeless schizophrenic , thinks he's an alien zombie sent to earth. Roaming the streets of Los Angeles in search of dead bodies, he tries to bring the dead back to life by engaging in homosexual sex."] ['The publicity to Lorna exclaimed: "Without artistic surrender, without compromise, without question or apology, an important motion picture was produced: LORNA-- a woman too much for one man." Lorna  is a sexually unsatisfied young wife married to Jim , who works at a salt mine and spends his evenings studying to become a CPA. When Lorna goes for a nude swim in the river, she is raped by an escaped convict , but her frustrated sexuality is awakened. She begins inviting the stranger to her home while Jim is at work. Meanwhile, Jim\'s co-workers tease him about his wife\'s beauty and infidelity. One day, Jim returns home early and discovers Lorna\'s unfaithfulness.'] ["{{Expand section}} A college coed researches a sex subculture by answering ads in the college's underground newspaper."] ['Emmanuelle  is a free-spirited woman who makes erotic arthouse films and runs a dance studio out of her loft in Paris. The movie opens with a "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous" style montage of Cannes, with a documentary-like narration giving us an overview of the famous film festival held there every year. A film within a film, the sequence shows Emmanuelle premiering her latest film, Love Express, in Cannes, causing a scandal in the process. Later, she defends her film at a press conference to reporters who accuse her of creating pornography. After the Q&A, Emmanuelle\'s producer introduces her to Prince Rajid, a wealthy despot who owns the fictional Arab country of Benglagistan. He is apparently obsessed with Emmanuelle and wants to premiere the film in his homeland. Outside, a throng of male fans awaits Emmanuelle, all desperate for a touch of the famed beauty. Things quickly escalate and the mob strips her of every last article of clothing, sending her jumping onto a stranger\'s departing boat for safety. Her unwitting saviour is Charles D. Foster, a young millionaire who disapproves of Emmanuelle\'s erotic films. The couple quickly fall in love after a night of exciting sex on his yacht. After an argument with the concerned Foster, Emmanuelle travels to Benglagistan to promote her film, and meets Eddie, an Indiana Jones style danger-seeker who befriends her. Prince Rajid kidnaps her for his harem and decides to make her one of his 50 wives. Eddie helps her escape, and together they run into the jungle. Charles send an army helicopter to help Emmanuelle. Eddie dies in the shootout but she escapes with the helicopter. Emmanuelle joins Charles D. Foster on a midnight plane ride where they drink champagne and make love. The plane quickly falters and crashes into the mountains near Las Vegas. After being rescued and returning home to mourn her dead lover, she receives a note and flowers and realizes Foster is alive and loves only her.'] ["As the film begins, Emmanuelle is travelling by ship to join her husband, Jean, in Hong Kong. To her annoyance there are no cabins available and she has to sleep in an all-female dorm. During the night, she is awakened by the girl in the neighboring bunk, who tells her that she is afraid of sleeping in a room full of women because she was raped by three Filipino girls while at boarding school in Macao - she concludes by confessing that she enjoyed it. Emmanuelle recognizes this as an invitation and the two women have sex. Arriving in Hong Kong, Emmanuelle is reunited with Jean and, after a couple of attempts, manage to have passionate reunion sex. Emmanuelle slips into the life of the Hong Kong expat community. She becomes friends with Anna Maria, the young stepdaughter of one of Jean's lovers. The two swap sexual confidences and Anna Maria is forced to admit that she is still a virgin. Emmanuelle schemes to remedy this. Over the course of the film, Emmanuelle has a series of sexual encounters. She has sex with Anna Maria's dance teacher and with a tattooed man in the locker room of the polo club. She experiences vivid sexual fantasies during an acupuncture session and also masquerades as a prostitute in a notorious Hong Kong brothel, where she has sex with a group of sailors . Together with Jean and Anna Maria she visits a bath-house, where they have steamy, full body contact massages from a trio of Thai woman. Emmanuelle, Jean, and Anna Maria take a trip to Bali. When Jean emerges from the shower that night he finds Emmanuelle and Anna Maria waiting for him on the bed. Emmanuelle undresses Anna Maria and makes love to her, before sitting back and smiling approvingly while Jean takes the young woman's virginity."] ['Two doctors are called to work at a city hospital, and soon attract the attention of all the local women. When their wives discover a sexual bet has been made between their husbands and a stranger, they decide to retaliate and call the macho man for a holiday in a country house.'] ["The short opens with a brief live action segment featuring David Rubinoff and his orchestra. A badly hung-over sun  slowly rises over Betty Boop's farm. Betty's farm is a sanctuary for birds, but the sanctuary is soon threatened by the arrival of the Tom Kat's Social Club, a group of hungry cats looking for an easy meal. They chase a helpless chick back to Betty's farm, who alerts Betty to the danger. The cats initially wreak destruction on the farm, and easily overpower Betty. When the sickly rooster finds out what's happening, he quickly turns into a fighter , and pummels the cats. The other birds join in on the beating, and chase away the hapless cats. The rooster defeats the cat's leader and Betty declares him the winner."] ["At the end of the last century on the north European coasts, lived men who feared neither God nor the law. They lured ships towards the rocks where they were smashed to pieces. These men then plundered the wrecks. They were called wreckers. The Captain is their leader; he is an evil man, his strength gives him power over his henchmen. He has committed so many crimes that he has become almost mad. Villagers say he is haunted by the ghosts of his victims. His madness makes him dangerous and unpredictable. Le Bosco is one of his henchmen; he is cursed by all navies, the bad seed of the crew. He landed there dead drunk from a ship one night, with his bad on his shoulder, he follows the captain, but this sailor, never without his knife, hates taking orders. He bides his time like a vulture. He is false and crafty. Paul is the captain's other henchman. He is a former sailor, he suffers the captain's orders but grovels to Le Bosco, he will be on the winner's side. He is cruel and cowardly and has a worse temper that the others. He is strongest because each of the three thinks he's on their side. Tina, the wrecker. The angel of the accursed. Wild and perverted. This cruel animal is always ready to snap up the innocent who come too close to her she-wolf jaws. She will show no pity. It is a game for her to plunder wrecks and kill survivors. More than one dead man, his throat cut, takes with him the image of her magnificently shameless naked body. When two young women accidentally stumble upon these wreckers, they brutally and violently rape them. The next day the captain thinks that he is going insane when he sees the women's dead bodies; he wrecks a tavern and gets into a fight with Le Bosco. The captain, Tina, Le Bosco and Paul go back to the wreck to kill the women but they manage to escape. Wandering around they come across a clown who looks after them. The woman are unable to speak but a man tells them he can help them, they communicate with a drawing and the man realises they want revenge. The woman are the only one who can free the devil from being imprisoned in the ruins of an old castle, by making love to each of them they will have the power to get their revenge. The women, now the démoniaques return for their revenge. At the beach they are again attacked by the captain and Le Bosco who tie them to the wreck. The captain goes mad and kills Tina and Le Bosco; realising what he has done is wrong, but unable to save them, the tide comes in and they all drown."] ['The movie starts with introductions to the people of Small Town, USA. Among them are the huge breasted evangelical radio preacher Eufaula Roop  who mounts Martin Bormann inside a coffin; a salesman who gives oral pleasure to a large breasted housewife ; and the very large African American Junkyard Sal  who sleeps with her working class employees. Finally, there is Lamar, who anally rapes his large breasted wife Lavonia  after she tries having vaginal sex. Afterwards, she kicks him in the groin. While Lamar heads off to his junkyard work, Lavonia spots a young man skinny dipping in a lake. She sneaks off and undresses, then jumps the boy from behind and proceeds to mount and rape him. The young man soon escapes, but she dives down, catches him underwater by giving him oral sex and then overpowers him. After he succumbs to her, she learns his name is Rhett and that he is fourteen. Later on, the aforementioned salesman comes to her home and she ends up having sex with him, too. Meanwhile, Lamar, who previously turned down Junkyard Sal\'s invitation for sex, gets called to her office where she meets him in her underwear. She locks him inside and threatens to fire him if he does not succumb to her. Lamar, who we are told needs money for correspondent school, lies down on her bed. She forces herself on him in numerous sexual positions. After a while, she lets Lamar have anal sex with her and gives in when a suddenly enthusiastic Lamar stops her from continuing into other positions. Lamar then spots fellow employees peeping from the window. He breaks open the door and beats them up. Junkyard Sal then fires the peepers and Lamar for being "perverts". Lamar goes to a bar, where Lavonia masks herself as Mexican stripper Lola Langusta and drugs his drink. In a motel room, Lavonia rapes the unconscious Lamar &mdash; by first triggering an erection via oral sex and then by finally having vaginal sex with him using a sock as protection. She frees him to test if she changed his ways, but he runs away. Back home, Lavonia has sex with a truck driver. As she checks the clock smiling, Lamar returns. A fight ensues and Lavonia helps Lamar by burning the truck driver\'s scrotum with a light bulb. Lamar takes Lavonia and himself into dentist/marriage counselor Asa Lavender . After the dentist takes Lavonia to the dental room, his nurse kisses Lamar. As the dentist hurts Lavonia\'s teeth and she counters by grabbing his crotch painfully, Lamar anally rapes the nurse. The doctor then switches places with the nurse. When seeing Lamar still has his pants down, the doctor tries to rape him, but Lamar hides in the closet. While the nurse and Lavonia have sex using the nurse\'s double-ended dildo, the doctor uses various weapons to force Lamar out of the closet. Lamar eventually beats the doctor up and interrupts Lavonia and the nurse. An arrangement of Prince Igor is played in the background throughout the dentist scene. Lamar decides his cure lies in faith. After dropping him off at the radio station , Lavonia goes home and has sex once again with the truck driver. Lamar takes his pants off in front of Eufaula Roop\'s booth and reveals an erection. She immediately goes off the air. When Lamar tells her he wants to be saved, she sends him to her cleansing room  while she changes clothes. Lamar lies inside a water filled bathtub as a robe wearing Eufaula Roop stands above him and baptizes  him. Suddenly she takes her robe off, sits down on him and rapes him, all the while preaching to her listeners about his salvation. Lamar heads off home, punches the truck driver and has vaginal sex with Lavonia. After Eufaula Roop leans back on her chair and moans, the teenager Rhett climbs from under her desk and she takes him to the bathtub. The narrator heads off to his own home, where the teenager Rhett, his son, has anal sex with the narrator\'s huge breasted younger Austrian wife, SuperSoul .'] ["Morgan, a woman whose bust is 73 inches in size, plays Jane Tennay, a secret agent. Her agency wants her to assassinate, one by one, an organized crew of low grade heroin pushers. In order for her to prove her killings, they plant a tiny camera in her big left breast. Each time she needs a photo taken, she takes off her shirt and clicks over her left breast. Unlike the previous film, there's no smothering and only one death sequence involves her monstrous breasts. In it, she ambushes and ties up a guy's girlfriend in their bathroom. She then rubs poison over her own breasts and climbs into the guy's bed. Even though the light is on and disregarding the huge difference in breasts' size, the sleepy guy thinks it's his girlfriend. He starts kissing her large breasts and soon after dies from the poison. It turns out the agency planted a time triggered bomb inside the camera, as an insurance policy in case she is captured. Just in the nick of time Jane has all the photos she needed and is rushed to the hospital. The camera is removed and the photos reveal Jane's love interest is the head criminal. When they meet up, he confesses and asks her to marry him. Jane responds by shooting him to death and proceeding to her next mission."] ['Three crates arrive to the harem. Inside are tied up, gagged, chastity belt-wearing, unconscious, kidnapped, western women. The first woman  is the sole heir of a "chain store king of the United States". The second  is a large breasted film actress, who the western press dubbed "the new Scandinavian love goddess". The third is an Asian-European equestrian champion. Meanwhile, Sheikh Sharif lies in bed as his personal sex slave, the buxom Asian Katsina , lovingly rubs her breasts against him. Sharif confirms his promise to let her accompany his travels, after dealing with the following day\'s visitor. The visitor is an American oil businessman, who is accompanied by an American army commander . Ilsa promises luxury to the new women, but they oppose their white slavery. Ilsa tells them they have no choice. Ilsa, who herself has no lover, declines having a western man kidnapped for her next time. Unlike the original film, the current Ilsa states she is repulsed by the notion of a man who would sleep with her just because he must. Ilsa prepares them by forcing them to perform cunnilingus and erotic massage on one of her lesbian bodyguards. To satisfy demands, Ilsa has an existing sex slave force-fed, and then inspects two - by now consensually - fattened sex slaves. Silicone is used to enhance only the buttocks of another. A public auction is held to sell existing sex slaves, including one muscled African man. One sheikh has his purchase\'s teeth extracted. A belly dancer ([[Haji  is then caught spying and Ilsa has her tortured for information. Ilsa uses a fiendish torture device to crush the belly dancer\'s large bare breasts. The victim only knows that the American commander sought inside information. The Americans arrive. The businessman states he is married when offered a woman. In return, he finds in his bedroom a boy sex slave, who claims refusal would mean severe punishment for the boy. Ilsa immediately has an eye for the commander and dresses up. Crowding together on a couch near her bedroom, her lesbian bodyguard duo perform a make out session, but he is uninterested. She insults his manhood and he reacts by groping her. She sends him away, but he shoves her into bed. She is angered at first but eventually chooses to sleep with him. Ilsa devises penetration-triggered, exploding diaphragms. She uses a mechanical dildo machine to demonstrate it on the spy, thus finally killing her. Sharif has one put in Katsina while she is unconscious, and then prepares her to visit a rival sheikh. Sharif is then about to sleep with the American heiress, but a vengeful local subject accidentally snipes her to death. The American commander disapproves seeing the sniper burned to death without a trial. Finally deciding to expose the commander, Sharif finds him in bed with Ilsa. Sharif has her tied up standing topless, while a leper first gropes her large breasts, then performs cunnilingus on her- soon he mounts her and reaches a full climax while all the others watch in horror. Once she "learns her lesson" and has conceived the leper\'s child, Ilsa, in rebellion, quickly heads for the commander\'s prison cell, kills both his guard and the tarantula that has almost entered his face cage, and frees him. Ilsa reveals Sharif\'s boy nephew, Prince Salim, is locked up to prevent his inheritance. Ilsa\'s bodyguard duo free the two remaining new sex slaves and give them guns to assist in Ilsa\'s rebellion. Sharif\'s guards kill Ilsa\'s bodyguard duo, but Ilsa gets Sharif under gun point. The commander then frees the nephew. Sharif is chained and gagged, and Ilsa tells his loving Katsina that Sharif\'s final wish before his execution is sleeping with her. Removing Katsina\'s chastity belt, Ilsa mentions this will also win Katsina her freedom. Knowing about her bomb, Sharif twists behind his gag, but Katsina mounts and rapes him. Sharif tries to withhold himself, but behind a window Ilsa encourages Katsina to push herself harder and harder on top of him, until the bomb is activated. The commander arrives too late. Ilsa argues it was a fitting punishment, but he reminds her Katsina was innocent, and dumps Ilsa in resentment. Nevertheless, he reminds the prince Ilsa did save his life, when she pledges her allegiance to him. Unimpressed, the prince sentences Ilsa to slow starvation. He frees the commander, who tells a cursing Ilsa that it is not his fault.'] ["Olga is a Ukrainian woman from Eastern Ukraine, who lives with her mother and has a child. Her job as a nurse does not pay well enough for her to support herself and her baby, and she gets a second job doing internet pornography. She eventually leaves her homeland and travels to Vienna, Austria where she finds a job as a housekeeper at a rich family's home, where she also lives. However, the woman of the family suspects her of stealing and sacks her. She is then employed as a cleaner at a geriatric hospital. There, she strikes up a relationship with an elderly man named Erich and he asks her to marry him. She accepts, as she knows this will gain her Austrian citizenship. However, Erich dies of a heart attack before they can marry. Pauli is a young man from Vienna, Austria who lives with his mother and stepfather. He owns a large dog named Caeser and trains in martial arts. He works as a security guard at a shopping complex, but is sacked after a gang of drunken Turks cuff him with his own handcuffs and strip him of his clothes. His girlfriend breaks up with him as she is afraid of his dog, and he owes money to a number of people including his stepfather, Michael. Michael then takes him along on a job in Ukraine setting up video gambling machines. On the way there, they stop at an impoverished Roma Gypsy neighbourhood in Košice, Slovakia where Pauli tries to 'hire' a prostitute. He fails to agree on a price with the Roma pimps, however, and they chase him back to his van. When they arrive in Uzhhorod, Ukraine, they rent a hotel room and try to pick up girls at a bar. When Pauli goes back to his room to borrow money from Michael to pay his tab, he finds that Michael has a prostitute. Michael insists Pauli watches him humiliate the prostitute before he can leave. The next day, Pauli leaves Michael's company and searches for work at a local market, where he fails to find any. The last we see of him is when he is walking along a long country road, hitchhiking, either back to the West or further into the Ukraine."] [" The film features interviews with sex reassignment surgeon Dr. Leo Wollman and various transsexuals. Between the interviews, there are re-enactments or dramatizations of the interviewees' experiences, such as one woman who didn't wait long enough after surgery before she took a man home, and her new vagina started to bleed because it hadn't been given enough time to heal after the surgery. The film was released on DVD in 2006."] ['The film introduces Mike  as a writer struggling with a lack of artistic productivity. To deal with the pressures he feels from within and without, he escalates his abuse of alcohol. One day when faced with overwhelming deadlines, he takes a large quantity of pills with alcohol resulting in an overdose and hospitalization. When Steve  takes notice of Mike\'s increasing volatility and isolation, he confronts the defensive writer. Steve shows genuine concern for his friend\'s self-destructive behavior and intervenes. The film suggests by lack of others at the intervention that Steve may be the only friend Mike has left. Steve suggests a support group with whom he has been affiliated and after gaining some perspective, Mike joins them. After becoming a part of the group, he comes to realize that the group has a deeper occult agenda and use extreme, sometimes supernatural, tactics to "help" new members remain clean and sober.'] ['In 1987 Ivan and Catherine Greer live with their 9-year-old daughter, Joy, their housekeeper, Rebecca, and her two daughters, Ivy, 9, and Violet, 8. The three young girls live as sisters, but the more rambunctious Ivy is bored by their childish games of tea and rejoices at Ivan\'s unexpected early day return from the office, saying, "There\'s going to be fireworks." Ivy\'s prediction soon comes true. Ivan catches Rebecca in bed with the handsome pool boy, and the two men scuffle. As Ivan tends to his wounds, he and Rebecca begin a loud argument about their adulterous affair. The shouting brings Catherine\'s attention from the garden. Upon learning of the affair, she immediately evicts Rebecca and her children. Rebecca retaliates that Catherine cannot fulfill Ivan\'s sexual desires. As she and her daughters leave the Greer mansion, Joy is heartbroken to lose her only known siblings. In 1997, Violet returns to the Greer home and is reunited with Joy for the first time in ten years. Violet states that she is looking for a summer time residence while working as a waitress at Denny\'s Restaurants and planning to attend the local junior college. Joy suggests that she reside with them and stay in the late Catherine\'s room. Joy is an amateur tennis star and engaged to her Princeton boyfriend, Michael, who will be working as an intern for Mr. Greer\'s bank. During a late night party, Violet feels isolated and ridiculed by Joy\'s Ivy League friends, and excuses herself for late shift work. Afterward, Michael takes Joy to her room and initiates foreplay, only to be rejected. He accuses Joy of being sexually frigid, and insultingly says he understands her father\'s infidelity. As Michael is on his way out, he runs into Violet, who is dressed in a sadomasochistic costume, which causes him to question her employment at Denny\'s. Violet states that the two have gotten off on the wrong foot, and proceeds to perform oral sex on him. Violet\'s obsession with Joy motivates her to destroy all of her other relationships. When her tennis partner, Jaimie comes over to practice with Joy, Violet spikes their drinks with alcohol and then undresses into her bra in bed with the unconscious and handcuffed Jaimie, convincing her the three have just engaged in sex. A horrified, half clothed, and handcuffed Jaimie flees the Greer house, thus ending their friendship. Michael is Violet\'s next target. While by the Greer pool, she convinces him Joy has been unfaithful and seduces him into sex, while she provides him with cocaine to reignite his former addiction. Michael is not appreciative of her vices and vows never to see her again, thereby confirming her prejudiced belief that all men are uncaring and deceitful. Ivan is the next to be seduced as Violet sabotages his date when she swims topless in his pool, and dresses in his late wife\'s clothing. The two wish to rekindle the passion that existed during Ivan\'s affair with Rebecca. The Greers\' housekeeper, Mrs. B, quickly catches on to the recent events, and makes enemies with Violet in her attempts to thwart her schemes. Michael confronts Violet while she is "street walking". He then reveals to her that he has lost his internship at the bank because of drugs and that he knows of her schemes, including working as a sadomasochistic prostitute, her false employment at Denny\'s, and her dark family history including the death of Ivy . He threatens that she must leave the Greers\' before he tells Joy the truth. When Michael arrives at the Greers\' later that day, Violet knocks him unconscious, ties him to a bed and gags him, and injects him with a lethal dose of drugs, killing him. Joy returns from a failed tennis match distraught at the recent drama of events, only to learn of Michael\'s death and walk in on her father and Violet in sadomasochism. As a traumatized Joy flees, Ivan tells Violet she must leave, to which she accuses him of repeating the abandonment of her mother. She hides the drugs for Ivan\'s heart condition and places him in the garage fatally poisoning him with carbon monoxide by leaving a car engine running. After a drive, Joy returns that same night, to now discover Mrs. B is also murdered. Violet induces Joy to dress up and play tea like they did when they were children, where they will commit suicide by drinking poison. Joy violently resists by splashing the poison on Violet\'s face, and the two wrestle around the room. Violet attempts to stab Joy with a pair of scissors, but Joy is able to knock her back before she strikes. Joy races out of the room to the stairway, where she leans on the banister and cries out for help. Violet regains her senses and goes to resume her attack. Violet is spun around by Joy and begins to lose her balance at the top of the stairs. Joy grasps the end of Violet\'s pearl necklace to keep her from falling. Still holding on to the pearl necklace, Joy pleads with Violet to reach out and save herself. Instead Violet leans her head back and raises her arms in the air. In doing so, the necklace shatters and Violet\'s feet slip, causing her to fall backwards down the stairs. Violet lies motionless at the bottom of the stairs, lifeless. Joy calmly exits the mansion. The loss of her entire family circle is saddening, but it may provide her with the opportunity to begin anew, and leave behind the darkness of her family past.'] ['During a photo shoot, nude model Laura  receives a phone call from her sister Winnifred . Laura learns that her ex-boyfriend, high-powered attorney Nelson Nyland , is dating her aunt Cynthia ; not only that, they are making plans to move in together. While she tells Winnie that\'s she\'s pleased, Laura is emotionally hurt. After hanging up, Laura asks her photographer, Jennine, for a few weeks off. Jennine agrees, commenting that she has some good shots for her editor. Intercut with a montage of Laura and Jannine having sex, Jannine comments that she has "an awful schoolgirl crush" on Laura. Laura is initially put off, but then passionately kisses Jannine. Meanwhile, in Meadow Springs, Nelson visits his law partner, and sister, Judith. Judith invites Nelson out to a romantic dinner, but Nelson explains that he is expected by Cynthia. At Cynthia\'s cabin, Nelson arrives to find Cynthia seductively rubbing herself. Making himself comfortable, Nelson approaches her from behind and cups her breasts. After several minutes of foreplay, they retire to the bedroom. At a cafe, Winnie asks her co-worker Louise  why she pushed Winnie so hard into telling Laura about Cynthia and Nelson. Louise admits that she is a potential novelist, and that she is writing an expose about the town\'s sexual goings-on. The scene then intercuts with both Nelson and Cynthia, and Laura and Jannine having sex.'] ["Claudia  and Victor  are engaged. Her sister Terry  has an affair with Victor as well as Bobby . And Victor also has another girl on the side. But the title's Satan is Ada , Terry's mother and Claudia's stepmother who schemes to scare Claudia out of her inheritance."] ['Will Griffith  is hired to secure and protect the mansion of South American diplomat Héctor Mejenes , following attempts on his life. However, his wife Marilyn  ends up attracted to Will.'] ['A man keeps his girlfriend tied up in his small apartment and tortures her. She is undressed, subjected to various types of bondage, whipped, and tortured with a razor blade. He also brushes her hair, applies make-up on her, and breaks down and cries in the fetal position. In the end the girl gets free and has her revenge. At the time of its release Wakamatsu was quoted as saying "For me, violence, the body and sex are an integral part of life"{{Cite book}}'] ["The film deals with the sex life of a young New York woman, Kitty , and her boyfriend Stud . Stud is brutal and oafish but Kitty is enamoured with his sexual performances. They sometimes engage into light sadomasochism, with Stud belt-whipping Kitty. Stud later posts a sign on a bulletin board inviting people to a party. Several people show up at Kitty and Stud's apartment and they all engage into group sex, with Stud servicing all the women."] ['Akiko  is startled to find her estranged husband, Kunisada , in a car watching a young, pre-pubescent girl urinate by the side of a road. When Akiko returns home, the girl, Miko, follows crying that "Uncle" has disappeared. Akiko turns the girl over to the police. Later, while she is giving ikebana lessons at home, the police return to ask Akiko for information about Kunisada. It is revealed that he had disappeared three years ago after being arrested for a sexual crime involving a high school girl. Kunisada follows Akiko to her mother\'s grave, where he kidnaps her, and takes her to an isolated cabin in the countryside. Here he subjects her to numerous degrading sexual tortures and punishments for days on end. When Kunisada leaves the cabin to get Akiko\'s wedding dress from her home, Akiko escapes. Wearing only a sheet and the ropes she has been tied in, she meets two hunters who, instead of helping her, rape her. Kunisada finds her unconscious in the woods, cleans her and dresses her in her traditional Japanese wedding clothes, complete with make-up, and suspends her from pulleys in the cabin and shaves her pubic hair. While fishing, Kunisada comes across an unconscious young couple—Kaoru  and Kiyoshi —that had failed in committing double suicide. He rapes the girl, Kaoru, then takes them to the cabin where he binds them. After giving Kaoru an enema, he has Akiko have sex with Kiyoshi while Kunisada has sex with Kaoru. He continues submitting them to various humiliations in order to destroy their love for each other. After he thinks he has succeeded, he unties them and tells them he has no more use for them, they are free to stay or go. By now Akiko has come to accept Kunisada\'s behavior, and apparently enjoy it. She pushes him even further with commands to, "Whip me harder... abuse me..." After one such session in the woods, Akiko and Kunisada return to the cabin where they find that the young couple has bound themselves together and committed double-suicide through strangulation. Akiko tells Kunisada that they have played the final joke on him. Meanwhile, two police detectives are following Miko, believing that she will lead them to Kunisada. Miko eludes the police, but they find the cabin with the dead young couple still bound together and Akiko naked and tied up. When they attempt to release Akiko she tells them, "Don\'t untie me. I like it this way." The police ask her where Kunisada has gone. Akiko replies that he has escaped, then, laughing, adds, "It\'s funny, but I think he\'s afraid of me." As the end credits roll, Kunisada is walking through the countryside holding Miko\'s hand, and Akiko is still in the cabin, tied up naked and squirming.Synopsis from Ranaletta, Ray. . "Wife to be Sacrificed - Coming to a Theater Near You?" in Asian Cult Cinema, #19 , p.49-50, and Wife to be Sacrificed DVD, released by KimStim Inc., copyright 2001 KS0119DVD.'] ['It tells the story of a young woman, Constance , who arrives at the mansion of the experienced Lola , where she is initiated into the mysteries of sexuality. The story is told in flashback via a framing device with lyrical diary excerpts and narration read by mainstream actresses Christiane Bjørg Nielsen and Hella Joof (in the English-language version [[Susan Olsen .'] ["Detective Hamilton Hornee and his team organize an expedition into mysterious Africa to search for Algona, heiress to her father's fortune. Algona happens to have become a magnificent blonde elephant-riding, goddess worshiped by the frightened tribe of the Meshpokas."] ['{{Plot}} Claire Dolan is an Irish immigrant working as a high-priced call girl in New York City; she doesn\'t enjoy the profession at all, but owes her pimp money and must continue to work. After her mother dies in a nursing home, she decides to run away from her life. She goes to neighboring Newark, New Jersey, where she has a cousin. She takes a job in a salon and forms a relationship with her cousin and her cousin\'s daughter, Siobhan. Before long, she begins to receive suspicious phone calls; at work, she is called to the phone and when she answers there is no one on the line. At home in the middle of the night she receives another call. After hanging up, the phone rings again. She feels unsafe, that perhaps Roland has found her, and so she leaves her apartment and walks to a nearby bar. As soon as she walks in, she sits down at a man\'s table, asking if he is waiting for someone. When he says no, she asks him to dance with her. Claire and Elton dance for a few hours and we next see her waking up in his bed the next morning. It is apparent that she picked up someone to take her home with them, for a safe place to spend the night. When she arrives home, she feels something is out of place. In a wardrobe mirror she sees Roland standing in her apartment, waiting for her. He brings her a duffel bag and orders her to put her clothes into it; they are going back to the city. As he waits, Claire\'s cat hops up into his lap; Roland picks it up, walks over to the window, and throws it out. Claire returns to see Elton to spend some time with him; he asks her what\'s the matter with her and, not being able to tell him, becomes upset, asking him to pull over. She gets out and immediately hails another cab to take her to her New York apartment. Elton follows her in his cab and finds out where she lives; he waits all night and then follows her again the next day. He watches her speak to someone , then follows her to a hotel where she stays for quite some time, then gives up waiting. At Dolan\'s apartment, there is a knock on her door. Elton confronts her about who she really is, where she lives, and asks if she has a pimp and if she owes him any money. Over the next few days/weeks, they go to work and meet afterward. One afternoon, when they meet for coffee in a diner, Elton gives her an envelope with money, telling her there are no strings attached and he wants to help her pay off her debt. She accepts. Later, she confesses to Elton that she wants to have a baby; after thinking for a few moments, Elton agrees to impregnate her. The two continue a relationship for a little while. It is obvious that Elton has feelings for her, and the two exchange I-love-you\'s. Elton goes to see Roland, who has been expecting him. Roland grabs the other man by the throat and tells him Claire always was and always will be a whore and that he should get out while he can. Claire announces she is pregnant and has scheduled a doctor\'s appointment. Elton tells her he has to take care of something out of town for a few days, but he will be back in time for her appointment. We see him dropping off a young girl, about 12-14 years old, in front of a building. He asks how she is getting along with her mother, gives her some cash and tells her to buy something with it but not to tell her mother. It is implied she may be his own daughter. He also speaks with an Eastern European prostitute in a hotel room, but seems uninterested in having sex with her, and asks her some questions. He returns to the city. Claire has gone to the doctor and checks out okay. She continues to see a few clients, but during one visit, she thinks she sees Elton\'s reflection on the balcony outside and goes to the window, cracking it to look out. Her client comes into the room and has her leave it open for the air, and they carry on, with Elton on the balcony. Now having enough money to pay off her debt, she goes to pay off Roland. He asks her if she is going to keep her baby, then congratulates her, offering her a packet of money "for the baby" but she refuses. He insists, but she continues to refuse his money as it would be something Roland could hold over her in the future. She goes home, packs a suitcase with an air of finality, and goes to the airport. She sees a few clients in a hotel room and then goes to a ticket counter to purchase a ticket to Seattle. The ticket agent explains the flights and routes she could take to get there, and Claire asks for a one-way ticket to Chicago. We next see her eating at an outdoor cafe, and a man at another table is staring at her. He comes over and asks her if she is Lucy  and she says no. He insists it\'s her, saying he remembers "who he\'s f#cked." She stands up, showing him her very pregnant body and he, embarrassed, apologizes and returns to his table. During an ultrasound, it is revealed that she is carrying a boy. At first her expression looks unsure, but then she smiles. Elton is walking down the street with a blond woman when Roland passes by and stops him to say hello. Elton introduces the woman  as his wife, and she and Roland talk for a moment. She is seven months pregnant with a girl. When asked how they know each other, Roland tells her that they knew each other "from a long time ago, another life". The two shake hands, and Elton and his wife walk away, holding hands.'] ["Irene, a housewife , becomes bored while her husband and son are absent on a weekend fishing trip. She becomes attracted to Billy , a man she met when he trimmed a tree in her neighborhood. She accidentally becomes trapped in his trailer which arrives at Lake Consequence hours later. Discovered by his bisexual girlfriend, Grace , and then Billy, they agree to drive her into town so she can catch a bus home. Chinese New Year is in full swing and she is seduced by Billy during the celebrations at a Chinese nightclub and bath house. As Irene develops an erotic relationship with Billy, repressed images of her teenage experience return. Confronted by her own sexuality and her forgotten past, and jealous of Billy's attentions to Grace, Irene flees after starting a fire. However Billy chases her and drives her home, where her husband and child have yet to return. Feeling grief and self-loathing, Irene hesitates to return to her family. Billy lectures her on her responsibilities as wife, helps her to dress and disappears before they return that night."] ['Emanuelle is invited to India to write a report on Guru Shanti, a man who claims to have achieved the ultimate orgasm. Once there she engages in a variety of sex acts, including one with the Guru; she disproves his theory. She then heads to Hong Kong to investigate trafficked women. Once she then arrives back in America, she teams up with fellow reporter Cora Norman and both of them snoop out a trail of men smuggling women to the Middle East.'] ["Faced with financial difficulties at home due to slow business at his architectural firm, Mike and his wife Carol reluctantly tell the kids that the entire household will be on a budget for the next few months until business picks back up and the cash crisis ends. The kids get together and decide to help out by taking on odd jobs, holding car washes and pitching in wherever they can to help save the family house from bank foreclosure. Mayhem ensues especially when Marcia unwittingly applies for a job as a figure model and finds out she's about to star in an adult movie."] ["Emily Reed , a young woman, travels to New York City for an interview with an international law firm. The firm is impressed with her credentials and immediately offers her a job, on the condition that she be ready to fly to Rio de Janeiro the following morning. Emily readily agrees and is introduced to Claudia Dennis , one of the firm's top executives, who is overseeing the purchase and renovation of dilapidated beach hotel in Rio. Emily and Claudia arrive in Rio to put the finishing touches on the deal, but an angry Claudia is forced to fly to Argentina when she discovers that the man they are buying the hotel from has flown to Buenos Aires, ostensibly to attend a niece's wedding, although she believes he is secretly trying to make a deal with the Argentinians for the property. Claudia instructs Emily to take her date for the night, advising her that she will leave her one of her own dresses. While looking over the hotel by herself Emily sees two locals having animalistic sex, which unnerves her and she returns to her own hotel. She finds the dress that Claudia left for her, and upon going back downstairs is introduced to Claudia's friend and business associate, a wealthy man named James Wheeler . The two, accompanied by his bodyguards, go to dinner, and it is revealed that Wheeler actually bought the dress for Claudia some time ago. He informs her that Wheeler has taken the time to find out information about her by calling her mother, and as such discovered that she has always wanted children and likes roast beef, mashed potatoes, and creamed carrots. Emily finds herself intrigued by him, as he is quiet and asks seemingly personal questions without being pushy or rude. Following dinner they attend a street carnival, but Emily leaves after a masked man who looks like Wheeler tries to seduce her. The next morning Emily awakens in her room to find Wheeler silently watching her, and has brought of bouquet of orchids to her. Wheeler tells her that he is not the man who made advances to her, and as a way of apologizing for any offense he might have caused he asks her to allow him to show her the city's sights. She is initially reluctant but ultimately consents, and that afternoon they attend a beach club with a married couple that they noticed in the restaurant the night before. Some military personnel at the party try to make advances on the wife; Wheeler fights them off and he, Emily, and the couple are all forced to flee in his limousine. It is revealed that the couple are having marital problems brought about by the wife's infidelity. She obviously wants to patch things up with her recalcitrant husband, and Wheeler encourages the two to make love, which they ultimately do. Emily is disturbed by their actions, and Wheeler asks her if she has never felt as carnal as the couple, to which she doesn't respond. Emily and Wheeler then visit the hotel that her firm wants to buy, and while there Emily tells Wheeler that she fears he would disappear if she touched him. He tells her to try it and see what happens, but when Emily hugs him he gently pulls away from her, telling her that he doesn't like to be touched. The married couple gave Wheeler a necklace as a token of gratitude for bringing them back together; he gives it to Emily as a gift, possibly because he knows that he hurt her feelings by pulling away from her. That night Emily dresses up for the Carnival festivities and is propositioned by a man in a mask, who offers her the key to his room. She initially refuses the offer but is encouraged by Wheeler to accept. It is then that she realizes Wheeler is incapable of acting upon his own emotions, and because of this he tries to experience passion through other people. Emily ultimately agrees to the stranger's proposal and sleeps with him, but both she and Wheeler seem saddened by the act. The next day Claudia arrives back in Rio with the hotel owner  and a meeting is set up at the airport. Emily is humiliated to discover that the man's attorney, named Jerome, is none other than the stranger she slept with the night before; he uses this to intimidate Emily to get a better deal for his client. Emily pulls Claudia aside, but her boss is thrilled when she discovers the truth, as she uses the information to drop thinly veiled threats to Jerome that if he doesn't stop playing hardball she will tell his wife about the affair. As such Claudia and Emily get a very good deal. The meeting over, Claudia goes to a costume shop to get ready for the celebration that will mark the sale of the hotel to a group of Chinese investors. Claudia begins to question Emily regarding her impressions of Wheeler. She tells Emily that Wheeler was an only child born in Philadelphia, stuttered as a child, and was a completely self-made man. She confesses that she became obsessed with him, but that Wheeler would never touch her. She asks Emily if anything happened between her and Wheeler, but Emily says no. Just as they are leaving the store Claudia's assistants reveal that a man bought the deed to the old hotel prior to the finalization of the deal, and both women know who it was. When they confront Wheeler he admits that he was the one who purchased, infuriating Claudia. Claudia decides to go ahead with the sale even though she doesn't own the hotel, hoping that she will be able to circumvent what Wheeler has done. Emily strongly advises her against this course of action, but Claudia will not be deterred. After the paperwork has been signed Claudia arranges a huge party to commemorate the event. Emily spots Wheeler in the crowd and asks him why he bought the hotel, but before he can answer she is swept away in the crowd. The next morning Claudia invites a young surfer up to her room, but asks Emily to stay since she is able to speak Portuguese and wants her to help translate what the surfer says. Emily is clearly uncomfortable with the idea but agrees. Things get very heated and the three nearly end up sleeping together, but the moment is broken by an angry Wheeler, who interrupts the proceedings. Emily, at an emotional breaking point because of his actions, accuses Wheeler of intentionally setting people up to disappoint him and then throwing them aside when they do. He responds that he never sets anybody up, that they disappoint him of their own accord. As he walks away from her she screams at him that he will always be alone. Later on that day a package is delivered to Emily's room, and upon opening it she discovers that Wheeler has signed over the old hotel's deed to her, meaning that the deal with the Chinese can be salvaged. Emily goes to the hotel and finds Wheeler looking out at the ocean. She confesses to him that she loves him, but leaves when he doesn't respond. Later that night Emily returns to her room to find Wheeler waiting for her. He reveals that as a child he hardly spoke for years after his father abandoned him, and that his teachers thought he was retarded because he never said anything in class. He tells her that he dropped out of school at a young age and worked himself to the bone, and while still a teenager entered the real estate business by purchasing a run-down house in a terrible neighborhood and fixing it up. After he began to accumulate wealth women began to be drawn to him, and he started playing games to keep things interesting. He tells her that the games became a way of life, and he doubts he would be able to quit even if he wanted to. Emily pushes Wheeler to reach out to her, offering him her heart and body if he makes an effort to simply touch her. Though he at first resists, he reaches out and desperately holds her when he thinks she is going to walk out on him. The two embrace and passionately make love. The final scene of the film shows Wheeler and Emily driving away on his motorcycle, happy together."] ['Tsumugi, a girl with a crush on her teacher, discovers that the teacher is having an affair with another teacher. Complications ensue after Tsumugi manages to attract her teacher, but then begins falling for a fellow student.{{cite web}}'] ['A teenage schoolgirl spends the summer with a couple whose marriage is on the rocks and develops a crush on the wife. Meanwhile, she pursues a local teenage boy and tries to find a “suitable male lover” for the wife.http://filmfanatic.org/reviews/?p=133 Although Bilitis can be best described as a coming of age film, the title character, Bilitis, ends up returning to school at the end of the film realizing she is not yet ready for adulthood.'] ['"Zazel" is the title character, a world-famous artist commissioned to create "the most arousing perfume ever". In the course of devising this scent, Zazel variously paints pictures, views photographs, and wanders among the flowers of her garden, each experience inspiring her to envision a powerful sexual fantasy. The film consists of nearly a dozen individually themed sequences which reference and recreate iconography drawn from mythology, religion, literature, film and even Jungian psychology. These include sirens, water nymphs, mermaids, flowers, the jungle, The Three Musketeers, classic old Hollywood movies, angels and demons, and the Jungian duality of male and female. Each sequence features an imaginative and novel treatment of sexual activity based on these themes, as well as several visual/anatomical puns achieved through the strategic use of body paint, fetishistic costumes and accessories, and trompe l\'oeil camera placement and editing trickery. It is notable that Sasha Vinni, who plays Zazel and also narrates the film, never has heterosexual intercourse in any of her scenes: she simply masturbates and engages in lesbian activities with the other female performers.   In the opening sequence, Sasha Vinni emerges from a pond as the "Blue Siren", her nude body is painted bright blue and multiple arms appear and gesticulate behind her like the Avatar of the Hindu god Vishnu. She then performs cunnilingus on the "Water Nymph" .  Sasha Vinni as Zazel sits at her desk and airbrushes an image of a flower. A visual pun is created as the petals start to move and contract and reveal themselves as artfully painted labial folds.  Sasha Vinni appears as an assistant to a male lover/tattoo artist played by Devin Deray. Sasha Vinni shaves Lene Hefner\'s crotch with a spa razor, rinses it with an urn full of water. The tattoo artist then designs a colorful flower pattern on Hefner\'s vulva. The trio then engage in sex.   In the "Jungle" sequence, Sasha Vinni\'s nude body is artfully painted with tiger stripes as she writhes and crawls through tropical vegetation.  The scene ends with a close-up shot of a woman  with a tiger\'s face painted on her buttocks. The woman rides a man\'s penis, creating the illusion that the tiger\'s face is "fellating" him.  This is sequence is yet another variation on the flower motif as Sasha Vinni is shown penetrating herself with flower-shaped objects and masturbating.   In the "Three Musketeers" sequence, Sasha Vinni, Brooke Lane and Anna Romero appear in 17th-century-style period costume based on the characters of the Dumas novel. They strip, kiss, perform cunnilingus on one another, and masturbate by penetrating themselves with rubber dildoes which they have outfitted on the back of their riding boots like spurs.   The "Angels" sequence is filmed in bright, diffuse light and features three women  as "Female Angels", each with elaborately knotted hair and coated in pale, peach-colored body paint. These three female angels perform various sexual acts with a similarly painted man outfitted with giant angel\'s wings —the "Winged Male Angel".   The black-and-white sequence is the only one to feature no lesbian sex at all, and it is also the only part of the film in which Sasha Vinni does not appear. It begins with Gina LaMarca as "the Seductress", wearing ornate white pasties over her breasts with a matching white crotch guard , gyrating on a bed. The fetish accessories are soon removed and she and her male partner  engage in various sexual activities. Cross-cutting from the man\'s final ejaculation on her belly, they are also seen performing a tumbling dive into a swimming pool while holding hands and then resurfacing to embrace and cuddle in the water.   Sasha Vinni performs a sensuous erotic dance with one half of her face and body painted and dressed as a woman in a skirt, and the other half made up as a mustachioed man wearing a suit. Vinni takes turns showing her "female" and then "male" side to the camera while the other half remains hidden in shadow and out of view. The sequence concludes with an outlandish-looking woman—shaven-headed except for a teased-up lemon blonde mohawk  and with spangled clothespins fastened to her nipples—who is seen to be fellating an ornate glass perfume bottle.   In the penultimate sequence in the film, Sasha Vinni and Nikie St. Gilles appear as mermaids outfitted with tail fins. They dispense with the mermaid accessories and engage in lesbian activities. As in the "Blue Siren" sequence, some of the cunnilingus activity is filmed underwater.  The "Diablo d\'Inferno" sequence features Anna Romero as a "She-Devil" in a fetishistic red latex devil\'s costume—outfitted with red latex horns, red latex ballet boots, open-bottomed red latex hot pants, and a long red latex forked devil\'s tail protruding from a red flared dildo attachment that is embedded in her rectum.  During this sequence the lower portion of the screen is filled with digitally superimposed flames for atmospheric effect. The She-Devil sneaks up behind Zazel, who is sitting at a table airbrushing a design of the She-Devil and her costume, and "decapitates" the artist with a scythe. The She-Devil crawls around Zazel\'s freshly "severed" head, now placed upon the table. The She-Devil thrusts her vulva into Zazel\'s face. The scene continues with the She-Devil  having sex with a "Gargoyle"  and a "Demon Man" , which ends with a vaginal/anal double penetration.'] [' Computer programmer Squeegie Hornio  and his brother Ornio Hornio  are teleported into Squeegie\'s in-development computer game after a freak power overload. After regaining their bearings, Squeegie figures out and explains to Ornio that they are stuck in the black void of a computer monitor when it\'s turned off. A computer virus informs the brothers that King Pooper  has kidnapped Princess Perlina . King Pooper intends on forcefully having Perlina help him travel to Earth with a tub full of semen energized by a special generator. Squeegie and Ornio travel through the computer world, encountering other villains who attempt to delay them and hamper their efforts. Squeegie is temporarily separated from his brother in the process. Finding King Pooper\'s lair first, Squeegie attempts to free Princess Perlina, only to be found by King Pooper. Attempting to fight King Pooper alone, Squeegie is about to lose when Ornio reappears and shoves King Pooper into the tub, where he melts and dies. The brothers ask Princess Perlina to teleport them back to Earth, but Perlina only transports herself and Ornio back, leaving Squeegie behind in the cyberworld. Attempting to manipulate the generator to get back to the real world, Squeegie is confronted and appears to be captured by a revived King Pooper.  After a lengthy recap of the first installment, Princess Perlina and Ornio teleport back to Squeegie\'s office. Wondering where Squeegie is, Ornio is distracted by Princess Perlina offering sex as a reward for saving her from King Pooper. After the sexual intercourse, Ornio asks Perlina to bring Squeegie back to the real world. The teleportation goes horribly wrong; Perlina teleports both Squeegie and King Pooper just as King Pooper confronts Squeegie at the generator seen at the end of Super Hornio Brothers. King Pooper escapes, and begins to enact his ultimate goal, bluntly explained by Perlina to the Hornio Brothers as "procreate and create more King Pooper offspring." While King Pooper hires a prostitute to start his plan, Squeegie theorizes that the generator is the key to King Pooper\'s scheme and draws up plans to destroy it. Mimicking what they did the first time around, Squeegie and Ornio teleport back into the computer. Guided by the computer virus, Ornio distracts a villainess which allows Squeegie and the computer virus to go back to King Pooper\'s lair. Squeegie comes up with a plan to thwart King Pooper by having the computer virus "overload" the generator and knock it out. The computer virus rubs his body against the machine, causing it to overload. Squeegie explains to Ornio and Princes Perlina back in the real world that by overloading the generator, King Pooper is now in "a state of limbo" and won\'t cause anymore trouble. Ecstatic, Princess Perlina embraces and hugs Ornio while ignoring Squeegie. A spurned Squeegie turns to the camera and says that he expected the film to end this way.'] ['Michelle  and Brianne  are two college girls who want to have a fun spring break. They decide to take a trip from Arizona to Malibu, and plan on staying with Michelle\'s Uncle Benny. The only problem is that they never told him they were coming. However, luck is on their side because he will be going out of town that afternoon. Uncle Benny forbids that there be any parties, saying that the last time he trusted a neighbor to house sit, they threw a wild party, and that he hates parties. Meanwhile, he is having an affair with a next door neighbor. When Michelle and Brian get there, they meet the not-so-preppy Gloria, who is filling in as maid because her mother is sick. She immediately clashes with Michelle and Brianne. Later, Michelle\'s nerdy cousin Denise flies out to Malibu. Although they don\'t get along all that well, Denise is happy to see her cousin Michelle. At this point, Michelle, Brianne, Denise and Gloria decide to team up and throw a party as a bet to see who could get more people to come. The teams are Brianne and Michelle against Denise and Gloria. Randy and Jeff, two workers at a local hotel, get word of this. Randy is perceived as a "man whore", while Jeff is more of a sensitive guy. Jeff later meets Denise, and has an immediate attraction to her even though Randy refers to her as "plain" and an "ugly duckling." Word of the party spreads quickly, and it soon becomes out of control. Randy  goes after her again. She takes him upstairs, but leave him there naked, where he is later found masturbating by Denise and Jeff. Before the party, while the girls were getting ready and giving Denise a makeover to make her less frumpy, they missed a call from Uncle Benny, saying he will be home early. He comes home in the midst of the party, but has to sneak in because he refuses to pay the bouncer for his entry. He clears everyone out, and finds Michelle passed out with a hangover in his bed. He discovers that his neighbor, whom he was dating, knew about the party. She convinces him that the girls are just kids, and it is okay. With the money they raised at the door, the girls pay for all the damages. In return, Uncle Benny buys all four of them tickets to Hawaii for next spring break, to ensure that they won\'t be back for more parties.'] ["Akemi is a housewife who discovers her husband has been cheating on her. She makes the acquaintance of a prostitute who hopes to become a manga artist. Another hopeful manga artist, Kyoko, also makes ends meet by working as a part-time prostitute. Akemi moves in with Kyoko and tolerating the practise of her profession while the two come to an understanding of each other's lives.{{Amg movie}}"] ['Wanda is a dominatrix who runs a gallery in Hamburg. She lures men and women of all types into her sadomasochistic world where audiences pay for the privilege of seeing her humiliate her slaves. "And when she is eventually gunned down, not by her American female lover whom she turns into an assistant-Mistress and not by her older tender shoe-fetishist motherly concerned lover either, but by — of all people — her husband , the supreme joy on her face is absolutely ineffable."'] ['Zoe Clairmont , star of the hit TV show "Sweet Angels", is being stalked by her ex-boyfriend. As a result, she hires security expert Will Griffith  to protect her. To make matters worse, Zoe also has to deal with a jealous co-star, while Will has to deal with a rival security agency.'] ['Hank , a trucker, turns out new hire Joe on a long haul to the West Coast. The men masturbate together while on the road and participate in an all-male orgy at a truckers\' bunkhouse in Los Angeles. The film features several trucking related double-entendres such as "wide load", "heavy load" and "men at work".{{sfn}}'] ['Giorgio Salieri swears off dating men. He packs and relocates to a remote village in Tuscany. But the village is no shelter and Giorgio must once again fend off the many temptations. In the process, Giorgio decides he wants to give love a second chance.'] ['While on a government mission far from civilization, the all-female crew of the spaceship Muze finds a seemingly lifeless ship, named the Zogne, drifting in space. They investigate and stumble across numerous dead bodies as well as a single survivor — Flair, an innocuous-looking girl, who is diagnosed with amnesia after being found in a sleep chamber. The crew bring the girl back to the Muze and treat her with sympathy as a medical patient. Computer expert Hikari begins attempting to decrypt the computer records of the Zogne to find out what happened to its crew. After further searching, Hikari discovers the illegal drug Metrogria  on the Zogne, and the Captain of the Muze commands that the Zogne be destroyed. Meanwhile, Flair  has begun to wreak havoc, approaching the crew members one by one and tentacle raping them to implant eggs in them. This causes the victims to become insane and die. Hikari finally learns this secret after decoding the computer records, but not before the Captain and several other crew members have already succumbed to Flair. Hikari and her sister attempt to destroy Flair with weaponry, but the alien seems invincible. Eventually, the alien corners the sisters in the ship\'s cargo hold. Hikari escapes but her sister does not, ending up locked in the hold with the alien. Seeking revenge, Hikari puts a Metrogria capsule in a pistol, re-enters the hold and shoots the alien, mortally wounding it. She then opens the cargo bay door and the alien is blown out into space along with several dead bodies. The show has a post-credits sequence where "the real ending" is revealed. which reveals Hikari\'s sister returning to the control room in a normal state to greet her, which Hikari embraces her. As they hug, her sister shows an evil grin with the film ending with Hikari\'s pet snarling. In a cut ending scene, it reveals that Hikari managed to kill her sister but causing her to have a minor nervous breakdown.'] ["Boys in the Sand is composed of three segments set on Fire Island. * Bayside: The dark, bearded Peter Fisk walks along the wooded paths of the island until reaching a beach. He strips and sunbathes on a blanket. Suddenly, out in the water, the blond naked Donovan appears and runs up onto the beach to Fisk. Fisk performs oral sex on Donovan, who then leads Fisk into the woods. Fisk grabs the blanket and follows, catching up to Donovan in a clearing. They kiss and touch each other, then Donovan takes a studded leather strap from Fisk's wrist and attaches it around Fisk's genitalia. They continue the scene, with each performing oral sex on the other and Donovan penetrating Fisk. Following Donovan's climax he returns to servicing Fisk orally and, as Fisk is climaxing, momentary flashes of previous scenes are intercut. The scene ends with Fisk taking the strap from his genitals and attaching it around Donovan's wrist. Fisk runs into the ocean and vanishes, mirroring Donovan's entrance. Donovan dons Fisk's abandoned clothes and heads off down the beach. * Poolside: The segment opens with Donovan on a pier, holding a newspaper. He returns to his house, strips by the pool and begins reading. Intrigued by an ad in the back of the paper, Donovan writes a letter in response. After a number of days pass , he receives a reply in the form of a package. Inside is a tablet, which he throws into the pool. The water starts to churn and the dark-haired Danny Di Cioccio emerges to Donovan's delight. The two couple by the pool, with each performing oral sex on the other and Donovan penetrating Di Cioccio in a variety of positions. Di Cioccio turns the tables and tops Donovan until Donovan's climax. The scene closes with the two engaged in horseplay in the pool and then walking off together down a boardwalk. * Inside: This final segment opens with shots of Donovan showering, toweling off and wandering idly around his room, intercut with shots of African-American telephone repairman Tommy Moore checking various poles and lines outside, Donovan spots Moore from his balcony. Moore sees Donovan as well. The remainder of the segment consists of Donovan's fantasized sexual encounters with Moore throughout the house intercut with shots of Donovan sniffing poppers and penetrating himself with a large black dildo. The segment ends following Donovan's climax with the dildo, with the real Moore coming inside the house and closing the door behind them."] ['In the film, Lords is the reigning queen of "good girl gone bad." This is a story of a glamor photographer\'s fixation with a beautiful model named Traci. A French film festival is the setting, where Traci arrives and get the attention of photographers. She gets the special attention of Jean-Paul, who sees her as his favorite nude model. Jean Paul finds Traci to be the very essence of sensuality. She finally agrees to pose for him and they begin a love affair, where he helps her to explore her sexuality through his underworld connections in the Arena of Pleasure. Traci discovers true love and the ultimate sex adventure. First, Traci has sex with a casting agent. She becomes a topless dancer, and Jean-Paul secretly watches in the audience. Off stage, she gets a necklace from Jean-Paul with her name engraved, which makes her remember another sexual encounter. On that night, with an audience watching, she ends up in an orgy with Leanna, Diana, Monique  and a group of strange men dressed in all black. Jean-Paul watches from the audience before joining. Traci\'s presence arouses the audience members who finally get involved. After remembering, Traci takes the necklace to meet Jean-Paul in a car. He puts his gift around her neck, then Traci open her legs to reveal she is not wearing any panties.'] ["A parody of The Human Centipede, in 'The Human Sexipede', Dr. Heiter kidnaps two young American girls and an Asian man, all of whom are unable to achieve sexual satisfaction through everyday sexual behaviour. He presents them with the idea of joining them mouth to genitals, so that they are able to continually pleasure each other by way of oral sex and finally achieve sexual satisfaction."] ['Renouncing her sinful past Emanuelle  moves into a convent and becomes a nun, dedicating her life to religion and rejecting sin. Monika  a free-spirited daughter of a rich Baron joins the convent. She tells one sister how she was sexually assaulted by a group of young men ; this gains her sympathy from her fellow sisters.Sister Emanuelle. Mondo-esoterica.net. Accessed March 23, 2012. Monika has sex and performs various sex acts with various men in and around the convent. Various nuns witness this causing them to question their faith and break their repression. Monika has a sexual relationship with another sister and blackmails her  if she does not comply with her demands. Later a mysterious man, armed with a gun visits the convent. He has sex with Monika; witnessed by most nuns in the convent. Monika is later dismissed. Emanuelle later leaves at her own free-will.Suor-Emanuelle - Trailer and review. New York Times. Accessed March 23, 2012.'] ["Marcus  loses all his belongings to Alex  at a game of Gin Rummy. Alex offers to drop all depts in return for one night with Marcus' teenage daughter Chris . Marcus agrees reluctantly but when he tries to intervene, Alex and his wife Mary  bind him to a chair. She stays behind to keep an eye on him. Alex forces Chris to assume the roles of his childhood cat 'Samuel' , his mother , his wife, his child , his horse, and finally his mistress. Therewhile, Mary seems to be burning up in her green dress. She performs an erotic dance for Marcus , lapses into a memory of her mother having intercourse with a lover while she was a girl, and finally masturbates while watching Alex and Chris pretend they are lovers. The film closes on a threesome between Alex, Chris and Mary, Marcus choking Chris to death on her own night gown and finally Chris's awakening from the bad dream she just had. As well as one final surprise..."] ['Emmanuelle flies to Bangkok to meet her husband Jean, a diplomat, who asks her if she had any other lovers while she was in Paris; she replies that she has not. In Bangkok, Emmanuelle finds herself bored and somewhat disgusted with the worldliness of her fellow French expatriates, until one day at a pool when she spies Bee, a Frenchwoman whom she is informed is outside of most of the expatriate circles. After taking a nude swim, she is approached by a pretty young girl named Marie-Ange, who asks to meet Emmanuelle at her house. Intrigued, Emmanuelle agrees. Marie-Ange arrives at the house and finds Emmanuelle sleeping, and takes advantage of the situation to feel the older woman\'s body. Emmanuelle wakes up and they go outside to the porch. Marie-Ange asks Emmanuelle if she has any photos of herself and Jean having sex, to which an incredulous Emmanuelle replies no. Marie-Ange takes a French magazine with a picture of Paul Newman and begins to masturbate in front of Emmanuelle, who watches, fascinated. Emmanuelle confesses to Marie-Ange that while she did not cheat on her husband in Paris, she did have sex with two strangers on the flight over to Bangkok. Emmanuelle begins to pleasure herself for Marie-Ange as she recounts the tryst. That night, Emmanuelle tells Jean about Marie-Ange, expressing her amazement at the younger girl\'s seemingly complete lack of shame, and Jean encourages her to pursue the friendship further. During a squash match the next day, Emmanuelle\'s friend Ariane comments on her being damp from sweat, and begins to feel her up. At a party soon afterwards, Marie-Ange introduces Emmanuelle to one of her older lovers, a gentleman named Mario, who tells her that he will send a car for her the next night, but Emmanuelle is unimpressed. She spies Bee and strikes up a conversation, wishing to meet with Bee in more private quarters. Bee, an archaeologist, tells Emmanuelle that she is leaving the next day for a dig, but tells her to meet her at the klongs. When they meet up at the klongs, Emmanuelle follows Bee around, but Bee is uninterested in playing with Emmanuelle. Undeterred, Emmanuelle gets on Bee\'s jeep as she is about to leave for the dig site. Back at the house, Jean is angered that Emmanuelle has left without telling him anything. Suspecting that Ariane is behind it, he goes and demands answers from her, but Ariane tells him that all she has to offer is consolation sex. An enraged Jean takes her on a table. At first, Emmanuelle\'s affair with Bee is on rocky footing; they stop to go skinny-dipping on the way to the dig site, but when Emmanuelle tries to relax next to Bee while they dry off, she brushes her off, saying that they\'ve already lost time. After reaching the dig site, Bee starts to warm up to her new companion, but throughout the day, Emmanuelle distracts her from her work. They finally make love, but afterwards, Bee asks Emmanuelle to leave. Emmanuelle returns home in tears, feeling humiliated. Jean tries to comfort her, advising her that the best way to get over Bee is to take another lover. At the squash courts the following day, Emmanuelle and Ariane argue. Ariane is jealous that Emmanuelle ran off with Bee, as she herself had hoped to be Emmanuelle\'s first female lover, while Emmanuelle is displeased at Ariane for having sex with Jean. Ariane protests that it was more like rape than consensual sex, then advises Emmanuelle to meet with Mario, telling her that at his age, making love becomes so difficult that any man capable of it must be an artist. Later, Emmanuelle consults with Jean, who has decided to encourage the relationship between her and Mario by leaving her with him for two days. She expresses a desire to take Marie-Ange as her new lover instead, but Jean informs her that Marie-Ange has gone off on a trip with her parents - a fact that he knows because he has slept with her - and so Emmanuelle resigns herself to a meeting with Mario. At their first dinner together, Mario tells Emmanuelle that monogamy will soon die out. He tells her that she must learn to let lust, rather than guilt or reason, guide her when it comes to sex. This, he says, will lead her to greater levels of pleasure than she ever imagined possible. To begin instilling this lesson in her, he takes her to an opium den, where she is raped by one of the denizens while he watches. Later, Mario takes Emmanuelle to a makeshift boxing ring, where he talks two young men into fighting each other for the right to have sex with her. At Mario\'s insistence, Emmanuelle chooses one of the men as her favorite, then watches as they fight. Her chosen champion prevails, and she is so aroused by his willingness to fight for her that she licks the blood from a wound on his forehead and then allows him to take her from behind. She soon climaxes and drops to the floor with exhaustion. Sometime later, Emmanuelle is awakened by Mario, who takes her into another room. She is told to undress, so that she can change into a dress with a zipper down the back, allowing Mario to strip her naked in an instant. This, she understands, is in preparation for her next sexual encounter. Emmanuelle protests that she is tired, and asks Mario if he himself will ever have sex with her, to which Mario replies that he is waiting for the "next Emmanuelle"  As the movie ends, Emmanuelle sits at a mirror and begins applying makeup, hoping that by following Mario\'s instructions, she will reach the higher levels of pleasure that he has promised.'] ["Purportedly based on lead actress Rinako Hirasawa's experiences, the film tells the story of a secretary who is led to the world of BDSM by her boss.{{cite web}} {{Dead link}}"] ['In the original "adult" film, the plot indicates that during the 1930\'s, in America, there was a sect composed of rich and eccentric libertines. They rejected any idea of love, considered artistic creation as a form of evil and tried to find in total sexual freedom the ecstasy of pure being. Following a conference that they called in New York in 1937, all members of the sect disappeared. Years later a journalist tracked them down to a secret location in the forests of South America. He too was never heard of again. "This film is the story of some of their daughters" From out of a mist a huge flying boat wings its way through the nighttime sky. Inside, resplendent in art deco gowns and perfect make-up, Spermula and her cohorts are on their way back to \'civilization\'. Their mission...? To bring their message of peace and freedom to a world gone mad. Their method...? To \'spermulise\' men. That is, to draw off the sexual essence that causes aggression, acquisitiveness and jealousy. They take up residence in a huge mansion, whose neighbors include the town\'s mayor, his unhappy and abused wife, his venal, social climbing assistant and a fat and frustrated widow who has incestuous designs on her lazy son. Gradually Spermula and co. draw together the strands of the plot that finally ends in a huge orgy in which everyone gets what they want - or at least what they deserve. Unfortunately, the women become corrupted by this contact with the outside world and their beautiful leader, Spermula, falls in love with a young artist and sacrifices her immortality for a night of passion with him. ------------------------------- In the later re-edited version, the story is that there is a planet, called Spermula, that is facing destruction and the Spermulites plan to relocate to Earth. To do this, their leader Big Mother has come up with a plan: she transforms Spermulites into women and demands they suck out men\'s semen, thus making men tired and lazy from sexual exhaustion and unable to procreate. One of the Spermulites is transformed into a man, Werner , instead of a woman, and introduces the Spermulites to sexual intercourse.'] ['Oscar lives in Tokyo and supports himself by dealing drugs, against the advice of his friend, Alex, and his sister, Linda. Alex attempts to turn Oscar\'s interest toward The Tibetan Book of the Dead, a Buddhist book about the afterlife. The first act follows Oscar\'s nightly routine through strict point-of-view shots, including momentary blackouts that represent blinking, and extended sequences of drug-induced hallucination. Oscar and Alex leave the apartment to deliver drugs to Oscar\'s friend Victor. On the way, Alex explains parts of The Tibetan Book of the Dead to Oscar: how the spirit of a dead person sometimes stays among the living until it begins to experience nightmares, after which it attempts to reincarnate. They arrive at a bar called The Void. Oscar enters alone and sits down with a distressed Victor, who mutters "I\'m sorry" before they are swarmed by police officers. Oscar seals himself in a bathroom stall and attempts to flush his drugs. When the flush does not work, he yells through the door that he has a gun and will shoot. In response, a police officer fires and hits Oscar, who falls to the floor. Oscar\'s viewpoint rises and looks at his body from above, and then we begin to witness his life in a roughly chronological order. His loving parents were killed in a violent car crash; Oscar and Linda, devoted to each other, were sent to different foster homes; Oscar moved to Tokyo and earned money through drug dealing until he could afford to bring Linda to live with him; Linda found work as a stripper for the nightclub owner Mario, to Oscar\'s distress; Oscar increased the scope of his dealing operations and started using potent psychedelics—in particular, DMT—more frequently; Victor discovered that Oscar slept with Victor\'s mother; and finally, we again see Oscar meet Victor at The Void to sell him drugs, only to be shot in the bathroom. Next, a disembodied Oscar floats over Tokyo and witnesses the aftermath of his death. Linda becomes withdrawn and despondent, especially after getting an abortion; Oscar\'s dealer, Bruno, destroys his stash; Alex lives in hiding on the streets, and Linda wishes she would have been with Alex instead of Mario, as Oscar had wanted. On one occasion Linda wishes that Oscar would come back to life; Oscar then enters Linda\'s head, after which he wakes up at the morgue. Linda and Mario arrive and pick him up, but they are disgusted by him and he is unable to speak. Oscar is eventually convinced by Alex that he is dreaming, and returns to watch his friends from a floating perspective. Victor screams at his mother because she had sex with his friend and is thrown out of his parents\' home. He shows up at Linda\'s apartment and apologises for having her brother killed, but says Linda is partially to blame since she hung around with creeps. This angers Linda, who repeatedly screams that Victor should kill himself. Oscar hovers high above Tokyo and enters an airplane, where he sees his mother, who breast-feeds a baby to whom she whispers Oscar\'s name. The view then drops to Linda and Alex, who take a taxi to a Tokyo love hotel and have sex. Oscar moves between hotel rooms and observes several other couples having sex in various positions. Each couple emanates a pulsating electric-like glow from their genitals. Oscar enters Alex\'s head and witnesses the sex with Linda from Alex\'s point of view. He then travels inside Linda\'s vagina to witness Alex\'s thrusting, then observes his ejaculation and follows the semen into the fertilisation of his sister\'s ovum. The final scene is shot from the perspective of a baby being born to Oscar\'s mother. According to the director, this is a flashback to Oscar\'s birth in the form of a false memory.'] ["Katja Kean stars as a photo journalist, Mila, who breaks into a men's penitentiary to get an interview with the mysterious warden and thus win a bet with her publisher. Encounters with various inmates and staff members, including the helpful Prison Chef , lead her gradually closer to her goal, but all is not what it seems."] ["The film is about a young woman's  sexual awakening. She experiements in a range of sexual practices and taboos."] ['In Los Angeles in 2020, the crime rate is up 200%. The police are known as Eliminators, and they fight against the Droid Warriors of Azteca , who dresses in Nazi regalia. The Droid were created as servants, and Taylor has one, Rochester (played by [[Kevin James . Taylor, who was once the best Eliminator but more than anything wants to get back with his ex-wife, Nicola, is blackmailed into attempting to steal a digital decoder to shut down Azteca\'s forces. Much of Taylor\'s time, however, is spent at a club watching various sexual couplings featuring adult film stars such as Herschel Savage, Bunny Bleu , Candie Evans, Tom Byron, Keisha, and Kristara Barrington. Third-billed is an assassin called the Blade  who is hired by a man he interrupts masturbating. Eventually, Taylor\'s apartment is attacked while he is in the shower, and his Droid goes haywire. He gets the decoder and uses it, and is reunited with Nicola. Azteca is not really destroyed however, and "to be continued" looms.'] ['Tom Byron plays virgin teenager Matt Russell who daydreams a lot. He has a crush on Gloria, , the girl next door who likes teasing him by swimming naked. He falls asleep with headphones on and dreams of going over to Gloria\'s one day, she points at his erection then tells her mom. Gloria\'s mom  is not angry, instead she seduces him in her bedroom. Matt wakes to his parents who are going on a trip. His dad warns him to avoid his older brother Vince ([[Jerry Butler , who\'s been barred from the house. Matt dreams that Vince convince him to secretly watch a girl. The girl finds out but Matt wakes up to the sound of the doorbell. Vince sends over a call girl named Angel , who instructs the inexperienced Matt how to pleasure women. The two has feelings for each other, and the next day, they devise a plan to open a brothel, so he could repay for her services. Vince sees a naked woman  dancing seductively next door but she rejects him when he goes over. Vince sees her again but ignores her the second time. When Matt invites him over and he sees two hookers,  doing a lesbian show for Albert . Albert leaves with one , Vince hooks up the other one . Matt confidently starts wearing sunglasses and smoke cigars. He gets jealous when Vince makes a pass at Angel. He goes over to Gloria\'s house but she\'s angry at not being invited to his "party". She leaves, but he follows her into her bathroom. Gloria\'s turned on by his newfound confidence. He\'s upset after believing Vince and Angel hooked up. He forgot that his economics tutor Laura  was coming over. He finds out that nothing happened between his brother and Angel because she likes him. Vince meets Laura, and realizes she\'s the naked woman who rejected him. She succumbs to his persistence. Matt eagerly clears the house as his parents return in a few hours. He sees Tracy , whose customer didn\'t show up. He tells her about his parents but she has other ideas, eventually putting him in the mood. After everyone leaves Angel stays behind. She wants him to come with her but he declines, telling her does not have the money to support himself. His parents arrive and ask if she\'s his tutor. "Just a friend," he says. Angel overhears the news that Matt\'s uncle left his entire estate to him. The movie cuts to Matt asleep outside. Off screen, his mom tells him and she and his father are leaving for a few days to take care of his sick uncle.'] ["In their castle, a wealthy couple ([[Frank Wolff  watch a blue movie with their adult son, played by Paolo Turco. Later that evening at a local carnival, they spot a woman  who appears to be one of the performers in the film and decide to take her home with them. Although a subsequent viewing of the film calls the woman's identity into question, their house guest quickly succeeds in seducing the various members of the family, resulting in the revelation of certain facts, fears and desires."] ["As his investments in the stock market fail, a man finds himself in serious debt to a lecherous loan-shark named Uchiyama. The man's wife hires herself to Uchiyama to buy time for the husband to pay off the debt. After Uchiyama uses the wife to provide companionship for his mentally-impaired son, she is hit by a car, and her husband falls into despair and illness. Their daughter works as a nightclub dancer, intending to save the money to help with the debt. After her father's suicide, the girl decides to get revenge."] ['Two chemistry students, Paulo and Norberto are ridiculed by their classmates, as it is rumored that they are impotent. They work together to develop a formula that turns them into crazed sex maniacs, and begin kidnapping women on the streets and raping them. The series of sex crimes soon leads to a police chase, and the two men discover that they are in love with each other.'] ["The opening scenes of The Virgin with the Hot Pants are animation. The first animation shows a cartoon penis and two testes pursuing a cartoon woman inside a room. After a while, as she is hanging from a chandelier, the penis penetrates her vagina. In the next animation, a cartoon mouse is shown putting its very large penis into the vagina of a cartoon cat. From this point, the film shows live action. Various sequences are shown depicting naked women engaged in a variety of acts such as dancing, kissing, and masturbating with a dildo, a male hand spreading out a woman's labia, a woman showing her vulva, a scene of cunnilingus, and a scene of insertion of a beer bottle inside a woman's vagina.<ref name70.}} In the last sequence, a man and a woman are shown stripping. The woman sits over the penis of the seated man and they have sex.<ref name70.}}<ref name71.}}"] ["Sylvia  is involved in a tormented love affair with Marc. She has tried to end their love, and escape, but always ends up back with him. After an encounter at a Los Angeles party, she decides she's had enough - she will go to Brazil and get extensive plastic surgery. This way he will never recognize her again, much less find her, and it will make for a great article which she promises to hand in to a California newspaper. Sylvia goes through with it, and becomes a new woman named Emmanuelle ; she is now a twenty year old virgin. She plans to take on all of Brazil in a series of sexual escapades that will purge her past."] ['An erotic drama about a writer involved in a plagiarism suit who becomes romantically involved with a woman with whom he is connected through dreams.Synopsis from {{cite web}}'] ["Bruce Wayne’s girlfriend, Lisa Carson , is kidnapped by the Riddler . She has sex with him in an attempt to curry his favour, but he still ultimately delivers her to the Joker . Batman and Robin  are called in by the police to help in the rescue. Batman investigates a nightclub fronting the villains' lair, but is drugged and abducted by Molly , one of Joker's accomplices, who proceeds to have sex with him. Batgirl  learns of the situation and joins Robin, who is waiting for Batman to return from the club. Batgirl and Robin sneak into the villains’ lair, whereupon they find Joker having sex with his two accomplices. Aroused, Batgirl and Robin have sex, which distracts them and allows them to be discovered and captured by Catwoman's  henchmen. The four captives – Lisa, Batman, Robin and Batgirl – are brought before the villainous trio of Joker, the Riddler and Catwoman. Joker intends to kill them but Catwoman, unwilling to kill Batman, for whom she secretly harbours feelings, frees the captured heroes. The heroes battle and defeat the collected rogues. Grateful to Catwoman for her role in their victory, Batman and Robin have sex with her. However, upon discovering that she would still have to be brought to justice for her crimes, Catwoman escapes, activating a trap that imprisons Batman and Robin, ending the film on a cliffhanger."] ["The thirteen short films that make up the entire collection vary considerably in length and style. # Skin features two figures, one male and one female, clad in full-body nylon stockings caressing and kissing each other intimately. After a while, the two figures begin to cut open the nylon with a pair of scissors to reveal the naked skin underneath, and engage in oral and penetrative sex. There is no dialogue and only soft background music. Directed by Elin Magnusson. # Fruitcake is a mix of close-up shots of various objects and human anuses being licked, dripped with saliva, fingered or penetrated with sex toys. The images are accompanied by a monologue. Directed by Sara Kaaman and Ester Martin Bergsmark. # Night Time shows a woman kissing a man passionately while filming herself. They both proceed to perform oral sex on each other while the woman later uses a vibrator to reach orgasm. Directed by Nelli Roselli. # Dildoman is the only animated film in the collection. It shows images of a men's club where masturbating adult or middle-aged men watch two women having sex on a pool table. One of the men is then suddenly grabbed by one of the women, who now dwarfs him. The woman proceeds to insert the man into her vagina. When she reaches climax, the man inside her goes limp. The film ends with a shot of the front of the men's club. Directed by Åsa Sandzén. # Body Contact portrays two women, one filming the other, searching for a man to have sex with on the Swedish dating site Body Contact. A man with a Scanian dialect shows his penis to the women through a webcam. Later the man pays them a visit, but is unnerved by the presence of the camera. The two women convince him to have sex. Directed by Pella Kågerman. # Red Like Cherry is a series of quick, blurred clips of unidentifiable people swimming in the surf of a beach and then having sex in a room. Directed by Tora Mårtens. # On Your Back Woman! is a series of clips of nude or semi-nude women wrestling each other. Directed by Wolfe Madam. # Phone Fuck features a newly separated lesbian couple who talk over the telephone and eventually engage in phone sex. Directed by Ingrid Ryberg. # Brown Cock shows the naked pelvis of a Caucasian woman. Her vagina is penetrated by a brown dildo held by a mulatto woman, who then goes on to fist her. The two women engage in sex-related dialogue throughout the scene, commenting the sex act. Directed by Universal Pussy. # Flasher Girl on tour is a semi-documentary manifesto of Swedish artist Joanna Rytel and her alter ego Flasher Girl, a woman flasher. In the film she travels to Paris where she exposes herself to men and expands on her motives for doing so. Directed by Joanna Rytel. # Authority starts with a lightly clad woman breaking into abandoned lot in Berlin and spraying graffiti. She is caught in the act by a female police officer who chases her into an empty building, but is eventually overpowered and bound. The two then engage in rough sexual activities, including spitting, slapping and anal sex. Directed by Marit Östberg. # For the Liberation of Men is an abstract mix of clips of a man clad in women's clothing masturbating and close-ups of an old woman's face. Directed by Jennifer Rainsford. # Come Together, the short that Engberg and others did before the twelve actual Dirty Diaries shorts, is included last in the collection. It consists of Engberg and several others filming themselves with mobile phone while masturbating and eventually reaching orgasm. Directed by Mia Engberg."] ['A traveling salessman meets a beautiful young girl  by a motel swimming pool and picks her up. They go to his room for drinks and a good time. They have sexual intercourse, including cunnilingus, but when he wants her to perform fellatio she refuses. When the salesman attempts to force her to perform the sex act against her will, she fights back.{{cite web}} He jumps off the bed and sulks. She gets off the bed to comfort him, then calls a girlfriend and ask her to come over and join them. The other young woman arrives at the motel room and accommodates the man in the manner he requested. When he positions the girlfriend in the 69 position to perform cunnilingus on her while she continues to fellate him, his original lover joins them and straddles his face. She then performs sexual intercourse by riding him topside.'] ['When Nikki  catches her husband, rock star Brian Walker , with another woman, she files for divorce. Walker and his lawyer bribe her security company, led by Will Griffith , to spy on her and catch her having an affair in order to achieve a favorable divorce settlement. While spying on Nikki for the security company, Will becomes lustfully obsessed with her and begins sleeping with her despite the dangerous consequences.'] ["The live-action film is an adaptation of the first 1/3rd of the original novel or the first four volumes . The movie begins in 1912 with Yasumasa Hirai demonstrating to Baron Eiichi Shibusawa the presence of powerful spirits beneath Tokyo. He specifically warns Shibusawa that the onryo Taira no Masakado must not be disturbed, as its spirit is powerful enough to destroy the city. In response to this heeding, Shibusawa allows the Tsuchimikado Family to advise him on how to make a Tokyo a blessed city. However, both Hirai's and Shibusawa's efforts are opposed by the majin Yasunori Kato who wants to destroy Tokyo by awakening Masakado's spirit. To do this, he attempts to kidnap Yukari Tatsumiya, the descendant of Masakado, to use as a medium to communicate with the spirit. However, his plans are brought to attention to the Tsuchimikado Family by Koda Rohan. Hirai and his followers lock Yukari inside the Tsuchimikado temple and defend her with onmyodo magic. Kato and his followers launch a frontal assault against the temple with shikigami. Kato escapes with Yukari and uses her as a medium, but Masakado rejects his offer. Ogai Mori diagnoses Yukari as pregnant with Kato's child. Emperor Meiji passes away, marking the end of the Meiji Era. Feeling that his time is over, Hirai commits seppuku to divine the year of Tokyo's destruction; which turns out to be the Year of the Boar. The setting moves to 1923. Kato retreats to Dalian, China and he and his followers use magic to cause artificial earthquake waves that are amplified to Japan. Kato returns to Tokyo to awaken Masakado's spirit by himself, but is interrupted by Koda Rohan and Junichi Narutaki, who use Kimon Tonkou magic against him. Kato fails to awaken Masakado, but manages to stimulate the Great Kanto Earthquake. The setting moves to 1927. Torahiko Terada has been appointed by Noritsugu Hayakawa as manager of the construction of Japan's first Tokyo Metro Ginza Line. Hayakawa's construction workers run into Kato's shikigami provoking Terada to seek out the aid of Dr. Makoto Nishimura to use his creation Gakutensoku to finish construction for them. Masakado summons Keiko Mekata, a miko, to defend his grave from Kato. Keiko joins forces with feng shui master Shigemaru Kuroda, who discovers the location of Kato's hideout. While Kuroda fights a large living statue which guards the place, Keiko rushes to stop Kato, but Kato summons his gohō dōji to fend her off. Kato attempts to awaken Masakado through Yukari's child, Yukiko, but even this is unsuccessful. Keiko explains to Kato that Yukiko is not his child, but rather the result of an incestuous union between Yukari and her brother Yoichiro making her uncontrollable by Kato. Gakutensoku self destructs, cutting off the spiritual energy veins connected to Kato's temple. Kato tries to use onmyodo magic one last time to stimulate an earthquake, but this is insufficient and he is severely wounded from the effort. Though his plans are foiled, Kato kidnaps Keiko and takes her with him to Manchuria. The film ends with the Tatsumiya Family hoping for Keiko's return, and Kyoka Izumi predicting Kato's return."] ["The brothers Duke and Steve Martin  rob a bank. Duke goes in while Steve waits in the getaway car. The robbery succeeds, but the planned switching of cars in a parking lot fails because the next car's battery is dead. They force Dorothy  to drive them away at gunpoint. The next planned step, to escape by boat, also fails because of the police presence at the harbor. Dorothy works at a nudist camp fronting as an exclusive country club. The brothers discover this after they are already inside her private cottage at the camp. Steve and Dorothy spend the afternoon mingling with the nude patrons and growing fond of each other while Duke waits for the phone call for the continued getaway by boat. In order to protect Dorothy as well as the other members of the club from Duke, Steve gets Duke to leave the camp with him in another stolen car. At the 'Miami Serpentarium', Duke knocks out Steve and escapes into the serpentarium on foot. The police is alerted by a clerk, Duke hides in the cobra's enclosure, where he is attacked by the cobra and dies. Meanwhile, Steve returns to the nudist camp, proclaims his love for Dorothy and awaits his arrest."] ["In this episode in the Madame Aema series, Aema is married to a respected scholar who is preoccupied with his research and unable to satisfy her sex drive. Aema's husband becomes the target of a Japanese businessman with ties to the yakuza. Seeking to take his research, the Japanese businessman blackmail Aema's husband by taping him in a compromising position with a young woman he has sent to seduce him. Meanwhile Aema is indulging in an affairs of her own.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation04753|title2009-06-29|publisher=KMDb Korean Movie Database}}"] ['The plot revolves around Countess Irina von Karlstein , a mute woman who needs sex like a vampire needs blood in order to stay alive forever.Roberto Curti, La comtesse noire , in Succubus. Guida al cinema di Jess Franco, Nocturno Dossier allegato a Nocturno Cinema n. 60, Anno XII, luglio 2007, a cura di Roberto Curti con la collaborazione di Francesco Cesari, pp. 50-51. When new victims are found fatally drained of potency, forensic scientist Dr. Roberts consults his colleague, Dr. Orloff, who confirms that a vampire is responsible. Meanwhile, Irina is confronted by a poet who believes he is destined to become her lover and join her among the immortals.'] ['Successful psychologist, Dr. Angela Cross , hires security expert Will Griffith  and his partner, Steve Caldwell , to install a security system in her house, after receiving several death threats. Jeff and Angela begin a relationship, which eventually exposes some secrets from her past.'] ['Hank  and Gene  are fired from their trucker jobs after an alcohol-fueled brawl. The two search for opportunities in the blue-collar workforce, but are often distracted by other men along the way.'] ['The film is set in or about the year 2030. The multinational Genom Corporation is developing a product called the "I.K.U. Chip", which is plugged into a portable device allowing consumers to download and experience orgasms from the I.K.U. server without need of physical contact. The corporation sends their cybernetic shapeshifter Reiko, known as an I.K.U. Coder or replicant, to collect orgasm-related information catering to various sexual orientations. To collect the data Reiko transforms into an appearance pleasing to an individual or couple, engages the target in sexual relations and transforms her right hand and forearm into a penis which is inserted into the recipient\'s vagina or anus during climax. Reiko is directed on her missions by Genom employee Dizzy, known as an I.K.U. Runner. She has sex with various people such as a salaryman and a stripper, a young couple, a drug dealer and a hustler named Akira and a former museum curator–cum-hobo. She meets and is helped along the way by a retired I.K.U. Coder named Mash. Reiko is lured to a night club and seduced by Tokyo Rose, an agent of the rival Bio Link Corporation, who shuts her down with a computer virus and steals her data. Mash recovers Reiko and teaches her how to reboot herself through masturbation. Reiko manages to obtain enough data to complete her mission by having sex with Akira the Hustler, a sushi shop patron and Mash. Dizzy then extracts the data with a retrieval device called a Dildo Gun. Afterward, Reiko is retired and shut down. The Genom Corporation begins selling I.K.U. Chips in vending machines everywhere. Reiko reboots herself.{{cite video}}'] 