['The film is a collision of three separate stories—the journey of a Ju/\'hoansi Bushman to the end of the earth to get rid of a Coca-Cola bottle, the romance between a bumbling scientist and a schoolteacher, and a band of guerrillas on the run. Xi and his tribe of San/Bushmen relatives are living well off the land in the Kalahari Desert. They are happy because the gods have provided plenty of everything, and no one in the tribe has unfulfilled wants. One day, a glass Coca-Cola bottle is thrown out of an aeroplane and falls to earth unbroken. Initially, this strange artifact seems to be another boon from the gods—-Xi\'s people find many uses for it. But unlike anything that they have had before, there is only one bottle to go around. This exposes the tribe to a hitherto unknown phenomenon, property, and they soon find themselves experiencing things they never had before: jealousy, envy, anger, hatred, even violence. Since it has caused the tribe unhappiness on two occasions, Xi decides that the bottle is an evil thing and must be thrown off of the edge of the world. He sets out alone on his quest and encounters Western civilization for the first time. The film presents an interpretation of civilization as viewed through Xi\'s perceptions. There are also plot lines about shy biologist Andrew Steyn who is studying the local animals ; the newly hired village school teacher, a former newspaper reporter named Kate Thompson; and some guerrillas led by Sam Boga, who are being pursued by government troops after an unsuccessful attempt to massacre the Cabinet of "Barani" and the president. Also taking a share of the limelight is Steyn\'s Land Rover, dubbed the Antichrist  by his assistant and mechanic, M\'pudi  . Also part of the chaos is an impudent safari tour guide named Jack Hind, who has designs on Thompson and often steals Steyn\'s thunder. Xi happens upon a farm and, being hungry as well as oblivious to the concept of ownership, shoots a goat with a tranquilizer arrow. For this he is arrested and jailed for stealing livestock. M\'pudi, who lived with the Bushmen for a long time and speaks Xi\'s language, realizes that Xi will die in the alien environment of a prison cell, and he and Steyn manage to hire Xi as a tracker for the 11 remaining weeks of his prison sentence. Meanwhile, the guerrillas invade the school where Kate teaches and use her and her pupils as human shields for their escape by foot to the neighboring country and threaten to kill the children if they see one soldier. Steyn, M\'pudi and Xi, who are unwittingly observing the local wildlife within the terrorists\' chosen path, manage to immobilize the guerrillas as they are passing by and save Kate and the children. Steyn allows Xi to leave to continue his quest to the edge of the world, and subsequently he and Kate become romantically involved. Xi eventually finds himself at the top of a cliff with a solid layer of low-lying clouds obscuring the landscape below. This convinces Xi that he has reached the edge of the world, and he throws the bottle off the cliff (this scene was filmed at God\'s Window in Eastern Transvaal, South Africa . Xi then returns to his band and a warm welcome from his family.'] [' On their wedding day Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann are confronted by Lord Cutler Beckett, head of the East India Trading Company, with arrest warrants for their helping pirate Captain Jack Sparrow escape execution. Former Commodore Norrington is also wanted for delaying the pursuit of Sparrow, but Norrington has resigned from the British Royal Navy months prior and disappeared. Elizabeth is thrown in prison. Beckett sends Will to recover Jack\'s compass in exchange for letters of marque that will make Sparrow a British privateer, and he promises Will and Elizabeth pardons. Will\'s father Bootstrap Bill Turner tells Jack he must keep his own promise to join the crew of Davy Jones, who raised the sunken Black Pearl for him years ago. When Jack refuses, Bootstrap tells him Davy\'s "pet" will drag him to Davy Jones\' Locker. Will finds the Black Pearl at Pelegosto, where a cannibal tribe worships Jack as a god, planning to kill him to release him from his "human state". After a jungle chase, Jack, Will, Joshamee Gibbs and remnants of the Pearl\'s crew escape to the ship. Meanwhile Elizabeth\'s father frees her, though he is himself captured, and she steals the letters of marque and stows away on a ship to find Will and Jack. On the other side of the island Pelegosto, Jack visits voodoo priestess Tia Dalma, who tells them Davy Jones cut his own heart out and put it in the "Dead Man\'s Chest", keeping the key to it with him always. Dalma tells Jack where to find Jones\'s ship, The Flying Dutchman, and gives him a jar of dirt as defense: A curse prevents Jones from stepping on land for 10 years. When Will is captured on board the Dutchman, Jones orders Jack to bring him 100 souls in three days or be killed and made to serve aboard the Dutchman. There, Will reunites with his father, who helps Will steal the key to the Dead Man\'s Chest from Jones before escaping from the ship. Jones pursues Will, rescued by a merchant ship, and Will stows away on the Dutchman when the Kraken destroys the merchant vessel. Realizing Jack was behind Will\'s actions, Jones heads to Isla Cruces where the chest is buried. In Tortuga with Jack to find a crew, Gibbs encounters Norrington, who tells Gibbs he lost his job while pursuing Jack through a hurricane. Despite the awkwardness of the situation, Gibbs hires him. Elizabeth, also in Tortuga, confronts Jack and he accepts her along for her assistance in locating the chest. Meanwhile, Beckett acquires Governor Swann\'s support for the East India Company in exchange for Elizabeth\'s safety. At Isla Cruces Jack has Elizabeth use his compass, which points to whatever its holder wants most, to find the chest. A debate over possession of the heart leads to a duel among Will, Jack and Norrington. Meanwhile, Elizabeth and mischievous pirates Pintel and Ragetti fight with Dutchman crewmen also looking for the heart, which Jack hides in the jar of dirt. Norrington, however, then hides the heart and the letters of marque in his coat, giving Jones\' men the empty chest and fleeing on his own. Confronting the Pearl, Jones calls the Kraken, which kills most of the Pearls crew. Jack wounds the Kraken by shooting a net of explosives hanging above the deck. After the Kraken leaves, Jack is hesitant to abandon his ship, so Elizabeth chains him to the mast by kissing him; Will sees this and misunderstands. The Kraken sends Jack and the ship down to Davy Jones\'s Locker. In Port Royal, Norrington gives the letters of marque and Jones\' heart to Beckett, hoping they will earn him a clean record and a new commission. Will, Elizabeth, Gibbs and the other crewmen return to Dalma\'s home and plan to rescue Jack. Dalma says they will require a captain who knows those waters; all are astonished to see a resurrected Captain Barbossa. In the post credits scene, the prison dog becomes the chief of the Pelegosto.'] ['A year has passed since the events of "Crocodile" Dundee, and Mick Dundee and Sue Charlton are living happily together in New York. Although Mick\'s ignorance of city life is a hazard when he attempts to continue his former lifestyle, like blast fishing in Manhattan\'s waters, Sue\'s writing has made him a popular public figure. He later goes to work for Leroy Brown, a stationery salesman trying to live up to his self-perceived \'bad guy in the streets\' image. While working for the DEA in Colombia, Sue\'s ex-husband Bob  takes photographs of a drug cartel leader\'s murder of an unknown person, and is spotted by one of the cartel\'s sentries. He sends the photographs to Sue, before being murdered. Colombian Cartel leader Luis Rico, and his brother & top lieutenant, Miguel, go to New York City to retrieve the photos. The gangsters hold Sue hostage, leading Mick to ask Leroy for help. Leroy contacts a local street gang, whom Mick asks to create a distraction by caterwauling at the mansion\'s perimeter, leading most of the cartel\'s guards on a wild goose chase while Mick rescues Sue. Rico is arrested but soon escapes police custody, and after a failed attempt to kill Sue, Mick decides to take Sue to Australia in order to fight on familiar ground. In Walkabout Creek, Mick is enthusiastically welcomed back by his friends. After provisioning, he and Sue take refuge in his personal land, named Belonga Mick . Here, Sue discovers that Mick owns land equal to the size of New York State, including a gold mine. Rico and his men track their quarry to Australia where they hire some local thugs to assist them, but their Aboriginal tracker abandons them when he hears that their quarry is Mick. As a replacement, the gangsters kidnap Mick\'s friend Walter and force him to guide them, but Mick saves his friend by faking an attempt on Walter\'s life. They then lead the gangsters on a false trail through the Outback territory, during which Mick, with the help of his Aboriginal friends, manages to reduce the opposition\'s numbers one by one, leaving the rest increasingly nervous. In the end, he retrieves Walter from Rico and Miguel, leaving the latter to face him alone. Tired of chasing Dundee, Rico sets a bushfire to corner Mick, but Mick regains the upper hand, captures Rico, and switches clothes with him in order to lure Miguel into a vulnerable position. Sue and Walter mistake Mick for Rico and try to shoot him. Walter hits Mick, and Rico tries to escape but is shot by Miguel, losing his balance and falling to his death from a cliff. Miguel is in turn shot and killed by Sue. Though thinking at first that Mick is dead, they later re-unite with him, and Sue and Mick embrace. When Mick asks her whether she is ready to go home, Sue replies "I am home", concluding the film.'] ['The Stooges are guides , who are helping a trio christened "Nell\'s Belles" travel across the Rocky Mountains to San Francisco, the location of their next performance. While preparing some corned beef, a group of Indians urges them to get off their land as soon as possible. Since Curly scared off the horses earlier, the group are stuck there for the night. Unfortunately, snow falls while they sleep. They awake to discover a bear has devoured their food supply, so the three hapless guides try unsuccessfully to catch some fish in a nearby frozen lake. The fishing expedition is interrupted by Nell , who discovers the Belles — Lorna Gray, Dorothy Appleby and Linda Winters — have been kidnapped by the Indians. The Belles manage to escape, and the troupe leaves the Indians\' land quickly.'] ["Josh Mallon  and Ace Lannigan  are best friends and work aboard the same ship. As their ship returns to the US after a long voyage, they see all the other sailors being mistreated by their wives and girlfriends, and the two friends pledge never to get involved with women again. Unfortunately, this vow is tested almost immediately. First, Ace is confronted by the family of a former lover, Cherry, who insist he marry her. Then Josh, who is the son of rich shipping magnate Charles Coburn, has to fend off his fiancee, Gloria , and his father's wishes that he settle down and take over the family business. Things get worse when Josh and Ace get caught up fishing and turn up late for a party to celebrate Josh's engagement. Gloria's hostile drunken brother starts a fistfight and a news reporter takes photographs that cause a scandal. Josh and Ace flee to Hawaii and then head for Singapore. However, the pair only get as far as the island of Kaigoon before their money runs out. They rescue Mima , an exotic local  from her abusive dance-partner, Caesar , and she moves into their hut. Soon Mima is running the two men's lives, much to their chagrin. The trio try to make money in several different ways, including trying to sell a spot remover that is so bad it dissolves clothes. When Josh's father finally locates his wayward son, he and Gloria fly out to bring Josh back to face his responsibilities. The resentful Caesar leads them to where Ace, Josh and Mima are enjoying a local feast. By this point, both Josh and Ace have fallen in love with Mima. She is heartbroken to learn that Gloria is Josh's fiancee. Ace proposes to Mima, but before she can accept, Josh returns. The two friends almost come to blows over Mima, but then decide that she should choose between them. Mima picks Ace. Josh boards an ocean liner with Gloria and his father. Meanwhile, Caesar informs the local police that Ace is on the island illegally. Ace is arrested when he cannot produce a passport, but manages to escape. He and Mima flee aboard a ship, but Ace comes to realize that Mima really loves Josh. When Josh's ship docks at a tropical port, a passenger complains about a terrible spot remover that disintegrated his suit jacket. Josh realizes that Ace and Mima must be on the island. When he finds them, Ace tells his best friend that Mima really loves him."] ['Blues Brothers 2000 resurfaces 18 years after The Blues Brothers with Elwood Blues  being released from prison, this time a rather high-tech private prison rather than the old Illinois state prison depicted in the first film. He learns that his brother Jake has died, along with their surrogate father figure Curtis , and that the orphanage the two had saved had eventually been demolished. However, Elwood is told of a second brother . The "brother" is the illegitimate son of Curtis named Cabel "Cab" Chamberlain  who, until Elwood enters his life, had no knowledge of being Curtis\'s son. Cab is a commander in the Illinois State Police. He angrily refuses to support Elwood, a habitual criminal, but Elwood inadvertently steals his wallet and purchases a used police squad car at a lot owned by Malvern Gasperon , who is leaving the business to move to New Orleans. Elwood takes a job as a master of ceremonies in a strip club owned by the drummer of the Blues Brothers band, Willie Hall. It is there where he discovers that the bartender, Mack McTeer , has exceptionally good singing talent. He also gets on the bad side of the Russian mafia who have been demanding payoffs from Willie. After the Russian mafia burns down the club, Elwood reunites the band. "Mighty" Mack is the new lead vocalist, with a 10-year-old orphan named Buster  also joining the band providing backing vocals and harmonica. The band travels to several locations from the first film with a depiction of how they have changed.  As well as upsetting the mafia, Elwood also falls foul of a white supremacy group  and the Illinois police force, at least until the zealous and ruthless Cab "sees the light" and becomes a Blues Brother with the help of Elwood\'s old friend, Rev. Cleophus James . Everyone heads south to Louisiana with the intention of entering a battle of the bands held at the mansion of a voodoo practitioner named Queen Moussette . They compete against the Louisiana Gator Boys, a band fronted by Malvern Gasperon. Police, criminals and various others are dealt with, after which Elwood and young Buster once again travel the road. The movie is dedicated to John Belushi, Cab Calloway, and John Candy, all of whom were in the original film and had died before the sequel began development.'] ["It is the time of the French Revolution, and two bored English noblemen, Sir Rodney Ffing  and his best friend, Lord Darcy Pue,  decide to have some fun and save their French counterparts from beheading by the guillotine. Enraged revolutionary leader Citizen Camembert  and his toadying lackey, Citizen Bidet , scour France and England for the elusive saviour of the French nobles, who has become known as The Black Fingernail. After abducting the Fingernail's true love, Jacqueline , Camembert and Bidet plot to lure the Fingernail to his death... oblivious that Desiree , Camembert's flamboyant mistress, is herself in love with the hero and will do all she can to save him from the guillotine."] ['The Teen Titans\' home town is attacked by a Japanese ninja named Saico-Tek. Under interrogation Saico-Tek reveals the identity of the one who sent him: Brushogun. The ninja then escapes and the Titans head to Tokyo, Japan, to search for his master. After overcoming the language barrier  and fighting a giant reptile, the Titans meet Tokyo\'s own super-normal defence force - the Tokyo Troopers, led by Commander Uehara Daizo. Daizo shows the Titans around the Tokyo Troopers headquarters, and when Robin questions him on Brushogun, he informs the Titans that he is nothing more than an urban legend. Left with no villains to pursue, the Titans can do nothing more than bow to Beast Boy\'s desire to enjoy Tokyo as tourists. Investigating alone, Robin is attacked once more by Saico-Tek and they get into a very violent fight which ends with Robin pummeling the ninja into the ground. When Saico-Tek does not rise, the crowd watching believes Robin has murdered his opponent. Commander Daizo apprehends Robin, despite the hero\'s protestations of innocence, but as he is transferred, a slip of paper bearing the name "Brushogun" flits into the armoured car carrying him and explodes, freeing him. Now on the run, Robin co-opts the identity of a Shinjuku mugger who tried to shoot him and reunites with the other Titans, who have themselves been attacked by strange creatures. Brushogun, as Raven relates from the book she found, was an artist who had fallen in love with a woman he had drawn and had attempted to bring her to life using Japanese black magic. The spell turned against the artist and he was transformed into a being of paper and ink - ink that he could use to bring any creation he could imagine to life. With this new information, Robin has no trouble deducing Brushogun\'s hideout: Beast Boy\'s favorite manga publishing house. Breaking in, the Titans discover the withered form of Brushogun, wired into a printing press that draws on his powers to create the enemies the Titans have faced. The true villain turns out to be Daizo, who has used Brushogun\'s powers to create both his Tokyo Troopers and the monsters that they captured so that he could earn a reputation as a hero. A massive battle ensues, culminating in Robin facing Daizo. With no options of escape left, Daizo hurls himself from the catwalk, into the ink reservoir of the press, taking control of Brushogun\'s magic powers and transforming himself into a giant, hulking mass of ink and machinery, with Brushogun at the center. As the other Titans battle creatures Daizo hurls at them, Robin frees Brushogun. As the old man fades away in his arms like ink, his powers disappear and Daizo is left defeated and exposed. After the battle, Robin tries to explain his true and strong romantic feelings for Starfire, but getting the message, she silences him by simply saying, "Robin, stop talking." The two romantically kiss each other as the other three Titans look on, with Cyborg stating, "Well, it\'s about time". A short time later, the Titans are awarded medals of honor by the mayor for their actions, and the inhabitants of Tokyo welcome their new heroes. Robin and Starfire are seen holding hands, implying that they are now a romantic couple. Beast Boy then declares that he wants to go to Mexico next year, prompting Raven to slap him in the back of his head.'] ["Six months after the events in Romancing the Stone, Joan Wilder  is having trouble writing her next romantic novel while living with Jack Colton  on his boat, the Angelina, which is currently docked in a South of France port, and she refuses to discuss marriage. Later that afternoon at a book signing engagement held by her publisher, Gloria , Joan meets a charming Arab ruler named Omar  who has managed to persuade the world that he is the firm, but fair, ruler of Kadir. Omar offers Joan the opportunity to live like a queen at his palace, while she writes a fluff piece about him. However, as soon as Joan leaves with Omar, Jack runs into Ralph . Ralph, a comical swindler from Jack's past, recently out of prison, plans on killing Jack for abandoning him to the authorities in Colombia, but is stopped by an Arab named Tarak , who tells Jack of Omar's true intentions. This includes the fact that he has their greatest treasure, the Jewel of the Nile, in his possession. Ralph, immediately interested at the prospect, agrees to help find the Jewel. Jack, however, is less than convinced. But seconds later, the Angelina explodes, having been sabotaged under Omar's orders. He then agrees to team up with Ralph and Tarak in order to track down the lost jewel in Omar's kingdom. During her stay at his palace, Joan discovers that Omar is a brutal dictator, who imprisons her until she agrees to finish the fluff piece that will introduce him to the world as an enlightened ruler that will unite the Arab world. In the palace jail she meets a holy man, Al-Julhara , , who is in fact the Jewel of the Nile. Realizing that he is the only one who can stop Omar, Joan offers to take Al-Julhara to Kadir herself. The pair escape the palace, and with the help of Jack , are able to flee Omar's army into the desert. Ralph, who provides much of the film's comic relief, is left to fend for himself in the desert and thus joins with the rebel Sufi tribe led by Tarak that has sworn to protect the Jewel so he can fulfill his destiny. After Jack's battle for Joan's hand, with the son of a Nubian mountain African tribe chief, Joan breaks the news to Jack, that the Jewel is in fact Al-Julhara who is the true spiritual leader of the Arab people. Omar plans on using a British rock & roll technician's  smoke and mirrors special effects at an upcoming festival, planned by Omar, to convince the Arab world that he is in fact a prophet that will unite the Arab world under his rule. Jack, Joan and Al-Julhara decide to crash the festival in Kadir and unmask Omar as the fraud that he is. However, they are all captured and Omar sets up an elaborate and fiendish trap from The Savage Secret, Joan's most popular novel. Jack and Joan are suspended over a deep pit, with the ropes holding Jack up are soaked with goat's blood and being rapidly chewed away by rats, while Joan's are slowly being dissolved by drops of acid. Al-Julhara, however is simply locked up in stocks. As Omar leaves them to their fate, they are found later and inadvertently saved by Ralph, who along with Tarak and his Sufi followers have come to rescue Al-Julhara. As Omar takes center stage to address the Arab people, Jack and Joan disrupt the ceremony while Tarak and the Sufi battle Omar's guards below. A fire breaks out when part of Omar's platform apparatus crashes into the stage, engulfing it in flames. Jack and Joan are separated in the chaos and Omar corners her at the top of the burning scaffolding surrounding the stage. With help from Ralph, Jack rides a crane to the top of the scaffolding and knocks Omar over the side and down into the flames below just as he is about to kill Joan. Once Omar is killed, Al-Julhara rises as the real spiritual leader and Jack and Joan are finally married by Al-Julhara himself the following day. While he is genuinely happy for Jack and Joan, Ralph laments sadly that once again, he has nothing to show for his efforts. But he is then acknowledged as being a true Sufi by Tarak, signified by being presented with a priceless jeweled dagger. Ralph is genuinely touched and happily accepts the gift. The film ends with Jack and Joan sailing down the Nile as Al-Julhara and his people, along with Ralph, Tarak, the Sufi and Gloria wave goodbye from the river's dock."] ["Leslie Edwards , a foppish, wealthy, high-society aristocrat, and the loud, low-brow Bartholomew Hunt  are competing against the renowned Lewis & Clark to be the first to chart and make it across the United States to the Pacific Ocean. In the beginning of the film, Edwards has high hopes to head the first expedition to make it across the U.S., but while he has ambition and funding, he has grown up sheltered and knows little of the wilderness he seeks to cross. To aid in his journey, he hires the services of a supposedly knowledgeable wilderness-man and tracker, Hunt, who, once they get underway, turns out to be less than advertised. Aided by a crew of varied, rugged and gristled frontiersmen, they are also joined by their group's version of Sacagawea, a young Indian woman by the name Shaquinna , who is integral in helping them find their way across the dangerous and unknown terrain ahead, as well as, eventually becoming Edwards' love interest. Along the way, the group goes through various mishaps and ordeals from having to deal with quirky, indigenous Indian tribes to vicious eagles, to running out of food and romantic snafus, as Hunt's ineptness often causes more problems than it solves. Along the way, Edward and Hunt's shared journey helps Edwards shed his aristocratic, snooty ways and learns camaraderie and honor, as well as a more humble view of a world he thought he understood. Hunt finds true friendship in Edwards and a sense of self-confidence he had not known before. After many hardships and setbacks, they eventually make it to the Pacific coast just minutes before Lewis and Clark's expedition. Once the celebration is over, however, they find that they don't necessarily want to go back to their old lives and collectively decide to continue their adventure, leading Edwards and Hunt's expedition to further explore the great uncharted world."] ['Milton Parker , an elderly and eccentric game inventor, dies in the opening scene after losing a video game with his seductive nurse . The Sunday morning following his death and funeral, all of his greedy and estranged relatives show up at his mansion for the reading of his will where his lawyer Charles Bernstein  stipulates in his will that the winner of an elaborate scavenger hunt will inherit his $200 million estate. The various  beneficiaries form five teams and each team gets involved in various misadventures along the way. The five teams consist of... # Parker\'s son-in-law Henry Motley  and his four ill-behaved children. # The servants; French cook Henri , manservant Jenkins , limo driver Jackson , and dull-witted French maid Babbette . # Dim-witted taxi driver Marvin Dummittz . # Parker\'s greedy widowed sister Mildred Carruthers , her greedy attorney Stewart Sellsome , and her spoiled, man-child son Georgie . # Nephews Kenny  & Jeff Stevens , and Lisa, Carruthers\' step-daughter . The five groups are given five lists containing simple and easy clues to acquire 100 items with various point values ranging from five to 100 points. The items are to be acquired by any means necessary, with the exception of purchase, and placed in five different pens on the grounds of the estate. The winner of the scavenger hunt will be the person or team that acquires the most points, by 5:00 p.m. that very day. What follows is a series of misadventures as each of the five groups attempts to acquire the various items, as well as returning occasionally to the Parker mansion to deposit items in the team pen under the supervision of Bernstein and the scorekeeper Mr. Cornfeld. Mildred, Stewart and Georgie\'s adventure has them trying to win a stuffed toy bear at a local carnival, trying to haul a heavy safe out of Stewart\'s office building, stealing the false teeth of a local Native American  as well as resorting to stealing other people\'s items. Stewart also gets roughed up by a group of motorcycle gang members, led by a burly guy named Scum  after attempting to steal a stuffed fox tail from one of the bikers\' motorcycles. The servants\' adventure has them trying to steal a toilet from a fancy hotel, partaking in a robbery at a local convenience store to steal a cash register , and getting locked in a university laboratory to steal a microscope. Kenny, Jeff and Lisa\'s adventure has them "borrowing" items such as a clown head from a local Jack in the Box eatery, recruiting an obese man named Duane  as an item since the list gives 50 bonus points for the team with the heaviest person, but they soon discard him  and pick up another obese person, and borrowing a bulletproof vest from a self-defense-obsessed elderly lady named Arvila , acquiring "laughing gas", stealing a uniform from a local motorcycle cop, and getting stuck in a locker room during a major league football game after trying to steal a football helmet. Marvin Dummittz\' adventure has him trying unsuccessfully to steal a Rolls Royce front grill and getting run over many times attempting to remove it. Marvin teams up with a bridal shop security guard named Sam , who catches him attempting to steal a bridal dress. Marvin tells him about the scavenger hunt and Sam agrees to help. Together they try to steal a knight\'s suit of armor from a local museum, with Marvin dressing up as a mummy and Sam putting the suit on. He gets knocked out and the Mildred-Stewart-Georgie team steal him. Marvin teams up with an obese friend of his named Merl  to help him. Henry Motley\'s adventure has him attempting to make his unruly kids proud of him by trying to acquire a beehive , a life preserver , and a parachute . Motley tries to get a medicine ball from a local gym and tries to impress the instructor Lars , which gets Motley thrown out of a second floor window after he finally attempts to catch a medicine ball thrown to him. In the meantime, each of the five teams steals an ostrich from the San Diego Zoo, much to the dismay of the bewildered zookeeper . It all leads to a climactic car chase back to the Parker mansion where the servants, Motley and kids, and Marvin all team up, giving up their individual chances to win in order to help Jeff and Kenny win the scavenger hunt. They haul all their items to the Stevens brothers\' pen to allow them to win against the unethical Mildred-Stewart-Georgie team. It ends when, with seconds to go, Sam, still wearing the armored knight suit, has to crawl out of the Carruthers\' pen and into the Stevens\' pen to win the contest for the Stevens brothers and Lisa, who decide to share their new wealth with the rest of the participants, with the exception of the Mildred-Stewart-Georgie team.'] ['Richard "Richie" Rich Jr.  is the world\'s wealthiest kid, the son of Imagineer and philanthropist Richard Rich, Sr. , worth $70,000,000,001. Richie has been raised with the best of everything money can buy, but with only loyal butler Herbert Cadbury  as a companion. He lacks any friends his own age. But he thinks he might get his chance at a dedication to the reopening of United Tool, a factory Richard recently acquired . There Richie encounters a group of sandlot kids playing baseball. Unfortunately, before he is able to talk to them the too-strict head of security, Ferguson , stops Richie and pulls him sharply away. Cadbury warns Ferguson against being too rough with Richie, adding that if it happens again, "you will need protection." Unlike most parents of rich kids in movies, Richard tries to keep in touch with Richie and spend time with his son whenever he can. He even had the Rich family\'s head scientist, Professor Keenbean , invent a machine called the "Dadlink" that pinpoints Richard\'s location in seconds, so Richie can talk to his dad whenever he\'s away on business. Meanwhile, the greedy CFO of Rich Industries , Laurence Van Dough , is planning to steal the Rich financial fortune, believed to be stored in the Rich family vault. Van Dough, with the help of Ferguson, plots to blow up the plane  carrying the Rich family to England by disguising a bomb among the presents that they were to give to Queen Elizabeth II. Cadbury, seeing Richie\'s loneliness, makes a suggestion to Richie\'s mother, Regina , and arranges for Richie to stay home in Chicago with the sandlot kids for a weekend of fun. That weekend allows Richie to earn the friendship of the sandlot kids. Thanks to the new invention of Professor Keenbean, the Smellmaster 9000 which translates smell into sound, the bomb is detected. Richard is able toss the bomb out his window, but it detonates, destroying part of the tail, sending Billion Dollar One into the Atlantic Ocean. Richie Sr. and Regina survive the crash and climb into one of the plane\'s inflatable rafts. Believing that Richie\'s parents are dead, Van Dough assumes leadership of the Rich corporation, and proceeds to cut the many charitable contributions the Rich family were known for. This includes closing the recently-reopened United Tool factory, which the parents of the sandlot kids relied upon for their living. This angers Richie, who proceeds to the company headquarters and, as a living Rich family member, assumes the leadership position. Van Dough, however, saw this as a minor setback: as Richie is still underage, his ability to run the business was limited by the powers to him by someone who was able to give it to him&nbsp;– namely, Cadbury. Cadbury is framed for the Rich family\'s murder, and the Rich family\'s other loyal servants are all fired en masse by Van Dough\'s edict, effectively isolating Richie from the outside world and making him a prisoner within his own home. However, he does get the assistance of Keenbean, who has been distrustful of Van Dough from the start. Hiding in his lab, located in the basement of Rich Manor, Keenbean listens in on Van Dough and Ferguson playing pool. They plot to have Cadbury murdered and appear to have committed suicide. The professor manages to sneak Richie out with a plan to break Cadbury escape from prison. After Cadbury gets the supplies , he is attacked by one of Van Dough\'s henchmen; surprisingly, he shows great strength for his appearance, and knocks the goon unconscious. Dressing in the goon\'s leather and denim biker clothes, Cadbury then regroups with Richie, his new friends and one\'s mother . They are willing to assist Richie in whatever it takes to get his home back. During this time, Van Dough finds out about Cadbury\'s escape and, with Ferguson\'s help, confronts Keenbean. They tie the professor up and threaten to throw him into his molecular reorganizer, which turns garbage into whatever\'s typed in , unless he gets them into the vault. Keenbean states the lock is voice-activated and only Richard and Regina can open it. Van Dough, meanwhile, is still unaware of their continued survival. Meanwhile, Richie was left with the Dadlink. However, Richard\'s receiver was broken in the crash, and when Richard manages to fix it, the signal is intercepted by Ferguson, who disconnects Richie\'s modem from the phone line, leaving Richie  in the dark as to where his parents may be. After rescuing Keenbean from captivity, the kids manage to sneak Richie back into Rich Manor, only to discover that the Dadlink shows that Richie\'s parents are inside the Rich\'s house. He is shocked to discover that Van Dough had anticipated his own arrival, and had arranged for his parents\' rescue. Held at gunpoint, Van Dough forces the Rich family elders to the Rich vault, while Ferguson and his men take Richie and his friends to the molecular reorganizer. Using his ultra-adhesive substance Cementia and his remote-controlled RoboBee, Keenbean thwarts Ferguson\'s plan and manages to save Richie and his friends. Richie then proceeds to take a bag full of Keenbean\'s inventions in a bid to save his parents. Van Dough is eventually led to Mount Richmore, a stone mountain portrait of the Rich family, where the vault is located. There, he is furious upon discovering that the vault only holds the Rich family\'s childhood memories and treasures – nothing that was valuable to him. Demanding an explanation, he finds the Rich family keeps their money in banks, the stock market, and real estate, because they simply do not value money. Desperate to get the money, he attempts to shoot Richard and Regina, only for Richie to interfere. Van Dough attempts to shoot Richie instead, but manages to barely faze him, his clothes having turned bulletproof thanks to one of Keenbean\'s inventions. The Rich family then takes the opening caused by Keenbean\'s invention to escape. The chase eventually leads them down the side of the mountain, where they are under further attack by Ferguson  and a special rock-blasting laser that had been used to sculpt the mountain vault. Cadbury finally manages to disarm Ferguson and manages to keep the Rich family safe, while Van Dough hangs upside down for dear life, after Cadbury fires at him. Although Richard abhors firing staff, he allows Richie to fire Van Dough, who is then subsequently punched by Regina and arrested. Later, Richie plays baseball with his new friends for the United Tool team on Rich Manor\'s yard  and hits a home run that\'s picked up by Van Dough, who\'s doing gardening with Ferguson as work release. Richard and Regina state that Richie now really is the richest boy in the world, as he has found the true treasure in life, the one thing that money can\'t buy: friends.'] ['{{plot}} In the summer of 1982, a boy named Charlie Carbone  is about to become the stepson of a mobster named Salvatore Maggio . On that same day, he meets his new best friend, Louis Booker , who saves him from drowning. The mobster\'s apprentice, a recently released ex-con named Frankie Lombardo ([[Michael Shannon , had tried to drown Charlie intentionally by throwing a football deep into the surf, which would make it look like he wasn\'t responsible. Twenty years later, in 2002, Charlie has his own beauty salon. Yet, Sal\'s goons arrive every week and take at least 80% of the profits, barely letting Charlie keep enough money for future improvements. Louis is still Charlie\'s best friend. After they botch the job of hiding some stolen goods , Sal gives Charlie and Louis one more chance. Under the instructions of Frankie, they have to deliver a package on the next flight to Sydney, then to Coober Pedy to meet a man named Mr. Smith. Frankie also tells them that if they should run into any trouble, they should call Mr. Smith at the cell phone number, that he gives them. Unbeknown to Charlie and Louis, Sal tells his Capo that he is "cancelling their return trip". On the plane, Louis peeks into the package, only to find $50,000. Whilst driving through the Australian Outback , Charlie and Louis inadvertently run over a red kangaroo, and seemingly killing it. Louis feels interested and puts his "lucky jacket" on the kangaroo with Charlie\'s sunglasses; they think that the kangaroo looks like Jackie Leggs, one of Sal\'s goons. When they are taking the picture, the kangaroo then comes back to consciousness and hops away, with just one problem: The $50,000 was in the jacket. Charlie and Louis hop into the jeep and chase the kangaroo attempting to grab the money from the jacket on the kangaroo, but the ensuing chase ends with the duo driving through a field of termite mounds and crashing into a pile of rocks. When they reach a nearby bar called the Old Alice Inn in Alice Springs Louis calls Mr. Smith  and tells him about the situation. Mr. Smith maliciously tells Louis that they had better have his money when he comes after them or he\'ll kill them and feed them to saltwater crocodiles. Louis gets advice from a local animal sanctuary and is told by Jessie  that the best way to catch the kangaroo is to shoot it with a tranquillizer dart fired from the air. They enlist the help of an alcoholic bushplane pilot named Blue ([[Bill Hunter . Unfortunately, an unexpected jolt causes Louis to shoot Blue with the dart rather than the kangaroo, and the plane crashes. When Blue radios for help, his air traffic controller, Tansy , has been taken hostage by Mr. Smith\'s minions and, upon hearing the location of the aircraft, they destroy the radio, gag Tansy and head off in that direction. Back in New York City, Sal gets a call from Mr. Smith, saying that Charlie and Louis haven\'t arrived yet. Thus, Sal sends Frankie and his minions to Australia to look into this. When Frankie and his minions arrive in Sydney, they\'re met by a man called Mr Jimmy who drives them into the desert. Meanwhile, Charlie and Louis attempt to reclaim the money, but end up stranded in the desert. They are met with many adversities including a pack of wild dingoes, a sand storm, and then Charlie starts to hallucinate because of the heat. He first sees their jeep and starts to relax in it, but then realizes it is a mirage. They finally get rescued by Jessie, who Charlie thinks is another mirage, so he foolishly grabs her breasts. Jessie knocks him out, and he has a delusion about the kangaroo, who starts rapping in front of him. After he awakens, he asks Jessie to help them find the missing animal. She declines at first, but when Charlie offers to pay her, she graciously accepts. The next morning, they set out on camels to find the kangaroo. Quite unexpectedly, they get attacked by Mr. Smith and his henchmen. Jessie learns the truth about the money and offers to lead Smith to the kangaroo. Smith accepts the offer and Charlie and Louis are led off by Smith\'s henchmen. However, the two friends manage to outsmart their captors, and return to rescue Jessie. Charlie has a brief confrontation with Smith before Frankie arrives. Though a welcome sight at first, Frankie turns his gun on Charlie and Louis, stating that "Sal isn\'t happy" and that Charlie has "screwed up final straw big". However, luck intervenes when a fight between Frankie and Mr. Smith escalates into a full on brawl between the two men\'s henchmen and themselves. Jessie, Louis, and Charlie escape in the chaos, but Frankie and his men give pursuit. During the chase, Louis manages to get the package back from the kangaroo, but goes off a cliff in the process. Charlie manages to save Louis from falling to his death, and at first they rejoice at having gotten the money back. Frankie arrives and Charlie attempts to return the money, but Frankie reveals that Sal really sent Charlie and Lewis to Australia to pay for their own execution at the hands of Mr. Smith. All of a sudden, Mr. Jimmy  and the police arrive and arrest Frankie, Mr. Smith, and their respective minions and Charlie reclaims Louis\' lucky jacket from the kangaroo telling Louis that if he had not put the jacket on the kangaroo, they would\' ve delivered the money to Smith, and he would\'ve killed them both, Charlie also claims that the jacket is truly lucky. One year later, Charlie and Jessie are married and sell their new shampoo and they put a picture of Jack on the bottle, Frankie and his men are imprisoned for life which Sal Maggio has also failed at avoiding, and Louis is currently Charlie\'s advertising partner. As for the kangaroo , he is still hopping around the outback.'] ["Carry On Jack is the tale of Albert Poop-Decker, a newly commissioned Midshipman. The story starts with the death of Nelson ([[Jimmy Thompson  who has said that Britain needs a bigger navy with more men. Anton Rodgers played Hardy. Poop-Decker  has taken 8½ years and still not qualified as midshipman but is promoted by the First Sea Lord  as England needs officers. He is to join the frigate Venus at Plymouth. Arriving to find the crew all celebrating as they are sailing tomorrow, he takes a sedan chair with no bottom  to Dirty Dick's Tavern. Jim Dale and Ian Wilson who plays his father carry the sedan chair. Mobbed by women in the tavern as he is holding a sovereign aloft , he is rescued by serving maid, Sally . She wants to go to sea to find boyfriend Roger but landlord Ned ([[George Woodbridge  has let her down. She finds that Poop-Decker has not reported to the ship yet and is unknown to them so in a room upstairs, she knocks him out and takes his midshipman's uniform. Poop-Decker wakes and dons a dress to cover his long johns and downstairs is shanghaied by a press gang, along with a cess pit cleaner named Walter Sweetly ([[Charles Hawtrey , run by First Officer, Lieutenant Jonathan Howett  and his bosun, Mr Angel ([[Percy Herbert . They come to when at sea and are introduced to Captain Fearless  who is anything but fearless. Poop-Decker makes himself known but there is already a Midshipman Poop-Decker aboard - Sally, in disguise. Poop-Decker as a hopeless seamen then goes on to continually upset Howett by doing the wrong thing. Sally reveals her true identity to Poop-Decker after he has been punished and he decides to let things continue as they are. After 3 months at sea and no action, the crew are very restless  and when they finally see a Spanish ship, the Captain has them sail away from it. Howett and Angel plot and in the night hours, they make it look like the ship has been boarded by the enemy, with Howett and Angel dead or dying. Poop-Decker, Sweetly and Sally help the Captain into a boat, especially put there for this reason, along with the Captain's cow and they leave the ship. Leaving his cabin, the Captain gets a splinter in his foot, which later goes gangrenous. When they reach dry land, Captain Fearless reckons they need only to walk a short distance to reach Calais. Sally and Poop-Decker spot a party of civilians, speaking Spanish, and steal their clothes while they are bathing. Now in charge of the ship, Howett and Angel sail for Cadiz and plan on taking it from Don Luis , the Spanish Governor. They do so but their plot is ruined by the four they have set adrift who recapture the Venus. Sailing back to England, they encounter a pirate ship. The Captain  turns out to be the Roger that Sally was searching for but she no longer wants anything to do with him. The old pirate ship is sunk as Venus is a much better ship. Patch and Hook  try to make them walk the plank but Poop-Decker manages to escape and by luck cuts down a sail which covers the pirates, so capturing them. In Cadiz, the former crew of the Venus are taken to be shot but escape with five empty Spanish Men of War in the harbour, to take back to England for prize money and glory. They are within sight of England when they encounter the Venus. Below decks, the other three are working on cutting off Fearless's badly infected leg, to save his life. A fire gets out of control on deck and burns a sail which sets off the primed cannons, hitting all five Spanish ships and blowing them up or driving them onto the rocks where they are wrecked. The four end up at the Admiralty as heroes. Fearless is promoted to Admiral and given a desk job. Poop-Decker and Sweetly are given the rank of honorary Captains, with pensions, but Poop-Decker reveals that he is going to leave the service to marry Sally."] ["Norris and Gossett play Max Donigan and Leo Porter, two soldiers of fortune, whose adventures seem to almost never result in any notable gain, are befriended by an inscrutable woman of mystery Patricia . Patricia's map leads them on a quest for treasure in Central America. The name of the movie comes from the powerful guardian of the treasure. This movie is famous for a fight scene in which Norris singlehandedly defeats almost every male customer in a Mexican bar and destroys the bar in the process. Another aspect of Norris' character is his inability to properly use a firearm; in one scene, he kills a savage by pure luck after misfiring, the result was the bullet bouncing off the walls before hitting its target."] ["Two buddies set out on a low-budget road trip that will take them around the world in this independent comedy drama. Charlie and Cliff are two close friends who work together selling bathroom supplies. Charlie loves to travel and spends as much time as he can seeing the world on the cheap; Cliff, however, gets nervous about the prospect of going far away from home, and while he often promises to tag along with Charlie, he never does it. However, when Charlie proposes that they go to Thailand for the monthly Full Moon Party, the request coincides with the passing of Cliff's old buddy Paul. Paul had been planning a global journey at the time of his death, and Cliff decides to honor his friend's wishes by scattering Paul's ashes in the four corners of the earth. With two weeks available, Charlie and Cliff set out to visit as many nations as humanly possible, scamming room and board whenever they can, and releasing a bit of Paul's remains at every stop."] ['Two clownfish, Marlin and his wife Coral are admiring their new home in the New Caledonia Barrier Reef and their clutch of eggs that are due to hatch in a few days. Suddenly, a barracuda attacks them, leaving Marlin unconscious before eating Coral and all but one of their eggs. Marlin names this egg Nemo, a name that Coral liked. The film then moves on to Nemo\'s first day of school. Nemo has a tiny right fin, due to a minor injury to his egg from the barracuda attack, which limits his swimming ability. After Marlin embarrasses Nemo during a school field trip, Nemo disobeys his father and sneaks away from the reef towards a boat, resulting in him being captured by scuba divers. As the boat sails away, one of the divers accidentally knocks his diving mask into the water. While unsuccessfully attempting to save Nemo, Marlin meets Dory, a naïve but good-hearted and optimistic Regal blue tang with short-term memory loss. While meeting three sharks on a fish-free diet, Bruce, a great white shark; Anchor, a hammerhead shark; and Chum, a mako shark, Marlin discovers the diver\'s mask that was dropped from the boat and notices an address written on it. However, when he argues with Dory and accidentally gives her a nosebleed, the scent of blood causes Bruce to lose control of himself and attempt to eat Marlin and Dory. The two escape from Bruce but the mask falls into a trench in the deep sea. During a hazardous struggle with an anglerfish in the trench, Dory realizes she is able to read the address written on the mask, which leads to Sydney, Australia, and manages to remember it. After receiving directions to Sydney from a large school of moonfish, Marlin and Dory accidentally run into a bloom of jellyfish that nearly sting them to death; Marlin falls exhausted after the risky escape and wakes up to see a surf-cultured sea turtle named Crush, who takes Dory and him on the East Australian Current. In the current, Marlin reluctantly shares the details of his journey with a group of young sea turtles; his story spreads rapidly across the ocean through word of mouth and eventually finds Nemo in Sydney. Meanwhile, Nemo\'s captor - P. Sherman, a dentist - places him into a fish tank in his office on Sydney Harbour. There, Nemo meets a group of aquarium fish called the "Tank Gang", led by a crafty and ambitious moorish idol named Gill. The "Tank Gang" includes Bloat, a puffer fish; Bubbles, a Yellow Tang; Peach, a starfish; Gurgle, a Royal gramma; Jacques, a pacific cleaner shrimp; and Deb, a Blacktailed Humbug. The fish are frightened to learn that the dentist plans to give Nemo to his niece, Darla. She is infamous for killing a goldfish given to her previously by constantly shaking the bag. In order to avoid this fate, Gill gives Nemo a role in an escape plan, which involves jamming the tank\'s filter and forcing the dentist to remove the fish from the tank to clean it manually. The fish would be placed in plastic bags, at which point they would roll out the window and into the harbor. After a friendly pelican named Nigel visits with news of Marlin\'s adventure, Nemo succeeds in jamming the filter, but the plan backfires when the dentist installs a new high-tech filter. Upon leaving the East Australian Current, Marlin and Dory become lost and are engulfed by a whale. Inside the whale\'s immense mouth, Marlin desperately tries to escape while Dory communicates with it in whale-speak. In response, the whale carries them to Sydney Harbour and expels them through his blowhole. They are met by Nigel, who recognizes Marlin from the stories he has heard and rescues him and Dory from a flock of hungry seagulls by scooping them into his beak and taking them to the dentist\'s office. By this time, Darla has arrived and the dentist is prepared to give Nemo to her. Nemo tries to play dead in hopes of saving himself, and, at the same time, Nigel arrives. Marlin sees Nemo and mistakes this act for the actual death of his son. Gill helps Nemo escape into a drain through a sink after a chaotic struggle. Overcome with despair, Marlin leaves Dory and begins to swim back home. Dory then loses her memory and becomes confused, but meets Nemo, who has reached the ocean through an underwater drainpipe. Dory\'s memory is restored after she reads the word "Sydney" on a nearby drainpipe and, remembering her journey, she guides Nemo to Marlin. After the two joyfully reunite, Dory is caught in a fishing net with a school of grouper. Nemo bravely enters the net and directs the group to swim downward to break the net, reminiscent of a similar scenario that occurred in the fish tank earlier. The fish, including Dory, succeed in breaking the net and escape. After some days, Nemo leaves for school once more and Marlin who is no longer overprotective or doubtful of his son\'s safety, proudly watches Nemo swim away into the distance. Back at the dentist\'s office, the high-tech filter breaks down and The Tank Gang have escaped into the harbor. However, they realize that they are confined to the bags of water that the dentist put them into when cleaning the tank.'] ['{{plot}} A panicked scientist is running through a swamp in Louisiana. He has a magnetic collar around his neck, while a large serrated disc flies through the air after him. Eventually, the fast-moving blade catches up to the scientist and beheads him. In 1869, Army Captain James T. West , hides in a railroad water tower. He is spying on a group of ex-Confederate soldiers working under General "Bloodbath" McGrath , whom West has swore to take down. West follows them to a saloon where General McGrath is enjoying a loud party and is seduced by a large prostitute who attempts to hypnotize the general into divulging his plans. West breaks in, but is stopped by the prostitute, allowing McGrath to escape. West fights off McGrath\'s men and finds himself with the prostitute, who reveals himself as U.S. Marshal Artemus Gordon . In Washington, D.C., West and Gordon meet at the White House with President Ulysses S. Grant , who tells them about the disappearance of America\'s key scientists regarding to McGrath\'s plot. Grant charges the two with finding the scientists before he inaugurates the first transcontinental railroad at Promontory, Utah. Onboard their train, Gordon reveals the murdered scientist\'s head and uses a projection device to see his last image via the Retinal Terminus Theory. Finding McGrath and a clue in the image, they two head to New Orleans, pursuing a lead about Dr. Arliss Loveless , an ex-Confederate scientist in a steam-powered wheelchair since the loss of his lower body, who is hosting a party for the elite of Southern society. West mistakes a female guest for a disguised Gordon and makes an error that results in the guests wanting to lynch West. Meanwhile, Gordon roams the mansion and comes across a caged Rita Escobar , rescuing her. Gordon frees West from a lynching with an elastic rope, and the three escape to their train The Wanderer. On board, Rita asks for their help in rescuing her father, Professor Guillermo Escobar. Later, Loveless hosts a reception to demonstrate his newest weapon: a steam-powered tank. The tank uses General McGrath\'s soldiers as target practice, which angers McGrath. Upon McGrath demanding why Loveless would be betraying him and his soldiers, Loveless explains that McGrath\'s co-surrender with General Robert E. Lee to Grant at Appomattox is what ticked him off the most. Loveless then shoots McGrath and leaves him behind in the lake. Gordon, West and Rita arrive at the scene and find the dying McGrath, who then explains that Loveless was the man behind one a horrible war crime: a tank massacre of a settlement called New Liberty inhabited by freed slaves, including West\'s family. The tank malfunctioned and exploded at New Liberty, causing the catastrophic damage to Loveless\'s lower body, and until that night had been in Europe convalescing, being fitted with his wheelchair, and plotting his revenge. Loveless boards his armored train and heads to Utah with Gordon, West, and Rita in pursuit. Using steam powered hydraulics, Loveless maneuvers his train behind The Wanderer. West disables Loveless\' train, but not before Loveless uses a cannon-launched grappling hook to stop The Wanderer. Rita, afraid of being recaptured by Loveless, grabs one of Gordon\'s rigged pool balls and accidentally releases the sleeping gas that knocks out West , Gordon and herself. West and Gordon wake up as Loveless and his posse pull away in The Wanderer taking Rita and the engineer hostage, announcing he intends to capture President Grant at the "golden spike" ceremony. They find themselves fitted with the same metal collars that killed the scientist in the opening scene, and inside a small wire fence, intended to imprison them. West steps over the fence, triggering a machine to release the lethal flying disks, forcing West and Gordon to run as the disks are magnetically attracted to the collars. The two leap into a mud pit from opposite directions, causing the discs to collide and explode in contact. After removing the collars, the two stumble across Loveless\' private rail, which leads them to his industrial complex, hidden in Spider Canyon. Here, they witness Loveless\'s ultimate weapon: a gigantic mechanical spider armed with a nitroglycerin cannon. Later, Loveless uses the spider to capture President Grant and Gordon  at the inauguration ceremony at Promontory Point, while West is seemingly shot to death by one of Loveless\' bodyguards. At his industrial complex, Loveless reveals his plan: to destroy the United States with his mechanized forces unless President Grant agrees to divide the states among Great Britain , France , Spain , Mexico , and himself . Loveless demands that President Grant surrender, but he refuses. Loveless threatens to execute Gordon but is interrupted by a belly dancer, who turns out to be West in disguise, having used Gordon\'s bullet-proof vest made of chain mail to escape death. Though West manages to use an exotic dance to distract Loveless, allowing he and Gordon to free the captives, but Loveless escapes in the ensuing battle, taking the President with him. To save the President, Gordon and West, using a theoretical design by Leonardo da Vinci, build a flying machine to catch up with the spider after it destroys a town as Loveless attempts to force Grant to sign the surrender. Gordon and West crash onto the spider, knocking one of Loveless\'s guards overboard. While Gordon and Grant are held at gunpoint, West is dropped into the engine room to fight the spider\'s crew, all of whom have bizarre prosthetic weapons. West defeats the crew and Loveless himself descends into the engine room to fight West while having his guards to man the controls and keep Gordon and Grant in gunpoint. Loveless, now on mechanical legs, engages into a fight with West and pins him to the floor, until Gordon pulls out a tiny single-shot \'"peashooter" at him, forcing the Loveless\' guards to disarm themselves. Gordon shoots a hole in Loveless\'s hydraulic line, and all the oil quickly drains from his legs, allowing West to gain the upper hand. This allows Gordon and Grant to defeat the rest of Loveless\' guards, and pleading for his life, Loveless drags himself back to his wheelchair as the spider approaches a cliff. After being confronted for the New Liberty massacre, Loveless attempts to shoot West with a concealed gun, but hits the spider\'s control lines, jamming it just before it could plunge into the canyon. This sends West and Loveless teetering over the edge. Loveless then attempts to decide whether he should pull the chair\'s lever that will release them or not, knowing it will send both him and West to fall to their deaths if he does so. However, West pulls the lever himself, grabbing a chain hanging from the spider, while Loveless falls to his doom. After the second ceremony at Promontory, Grant promotes Gordon and West to the first two agents of his newly-formed U.S. Secret Service. Gordon and West meet Rita again, both of them planning to court her, but she crushes their hopes by announcing that Professor Escobar was her husband, not her father, though she comforts them by saying that they have each other. The film ends with Gordon and West assuming to be riding on horseback, but are revealed to be piloting Loveless\'s steam-spider into the sunset.'] ['After a failed attempt to rescue his first mate, Joshamee Gibbs  in London, Captain Jack Sparrow  is brought before King George II , who wants Jack to guide an expedition to the Fountain of Youth before the Spanish locate it. Heading the expedition is Jack\'s old nemesis, Captain Hector Barbossa , now a privateer in service to the Royal Navy after losing his leg and ship, the Black Pearl. Jack escapes, but his father, Captain Teague , finds him and warns Jack about the Fountain\'s tests. He also reveals that someone is impersonating Jack. The impostor is Angelica , Jack\'s former lover and self-proclaimed daughter of the ruthless pirate Blackbeard , who practices voodoo magic and wields a magical sword that controls his ship. Jack is taken aboard Blackbeard\'s ship, the Queen Anne\'s Revenge, and forced to lead the way to the Fountain and find two silver chalices that once belonged to Juan Ponce de León, both believed to be aboard his lost ship. The Fountain\'s water must be drunk simultaneously from the two chalices. The person drinking from the chalice containing a mermaid\'s tear has their life extended, while the other person dies, their life drained from their body and their remaining years \'donated\' to the other. Meanwhile, Gibbs, having memorized and destroyed Jack\'s map, barters with Barbossa to guide him to the Fountain. Blackbeard seeks the Fountain\'s power to circumvent his predestined fatal encounter with "a one-legged man," and sets a course for Whitecap Bay. There they are attacked by a vicious horde of mermaids, but Blackbeard captures one . Philip Swift , a captive missionary, falls in love with the mermaid and names her Syrena. Blackbeard then sends Jack to retrieve the chalices from de León\'s ship. When Jack finds the grounded, decaying vessel, Barbossa is waiting inside and the Spanish are in possession of the chalices. However, Barbossa only seeks revenge against Blackbeard for capturing the Black Pearl, which forced Barbossa to amputate his own leg to escape. He and Jack join forces to defeat Blackbeard, then head to the nearby Spanish camp to steal the chalices. Meanwhile, Syrena, reciprocating Philip\'s love, is tricked into shedding a tear which Blackbeard collects, leaving her to die. Philip is forced to go with him. Jack returns with the chalices and Gibbs, with whom he had reunited while assisting Barbossa. Jack and Blackbeard bargain for Jack\'s confiscated magical compass and Gibbs\' release. In return, Jack vows to give Blackbeard the chalices and lead him to the Fountain; Blackbeard agrees and Gibbs departs with the compass. At the Fountain, Blackbeard and his crew are attacked by Barbossa, and then by the Spanish, there to destroy the Fountain, their king believing its power is an abomination against God. A battle ensues and Barbossa stabs Blackbeard with a poison-laced sword. Angelica accidentally cuts herself while removing it from Blackbeard. Barbossa claims Blackbeard\'s magical sword and assumes command, leaving with Blackbeard\'s crew. Meanwhile, Philip, though mortally wounded, escapes and returns to free Syrena. After finding the chalices that the Spaniard had tossed into deep water, Syrena gives them to Jack, then retrieves the dying Philip as she kisses and takes him underwater.  With Blackbeard and Angelica wounded, Jack brings the chalices to them and tries to convince Angelica to drink from the one with the tear, but Blackbeard asks his daughter to sacrifice herself. Angelica agrees and drinks. Knowing that the self-serving Blackbeard would sacrifice his surrogate daughter, Jack lied about which chalice contained the tear. Blackbeard\'s body is drained by the waters of the Fountain and destroyed. Although Angelica admits her love for Jack, he strands her on an island, knowing that she may want to avenge Blackbeard. Barbossa, who now captains the Queen Anne\'s Revenge, quits being a privateer and returns to piracy. Jack finds Gibbs, who has used the compass to locate the shrunken Black Pearl and is shown to be in possession of all ships Blackbeard had shrunken in bottles. Hoping to bring the Black Pearl to its original size, the two head off into the sunset, determined to continue living a pirate\'s life. In a post-credits scene, Blackbeard\'s voodoo doll of Jack has washed ashore on the island and is found by Angelica, to which she reacts with a grin.'] [' Speed Racer  is an 18-year-old whose life and love has always been automobile racing. His parents Pops  and Mom  run the independent Racer Motors, in which his brother Spritle , mechanic Sparky , and girlfriend Trixie  are also involved. As a child Speed idolized his record-setting older brother, Rex Racer , but Rex was disowned by Pops for his decision to join a corporate racing team and was publicly defamed for appearing to cheat in a race. He was then killed while racing in the Casa Cristo 5000, an intense cross-country racing rally notorious for rough and foul play. Now embarking on his own career, Speed Racer is quickly sweeping the racing world with his skill behind the wheel of his brother\'s car the Mach 5 and his own Formula One car the Mach 6, but remains primarily interested in the art of the race and the well-being of his family. E.P. Arnold Royalton , owner of conglomerate Royalton Industries, offers Speed an astoundingly luxurious lifestyle in exchange for signing to race with him. Speed is tempted but declines due to his father\'s distrust of power-hungry corporations. Angered, Royalton reveals that for many years the key races have been fixed by corporate interests, including Royalton himself, to gain profits. He threatens Speed\'s career and family, making good on these threats by having his drivers force Speed into a crash that destroys the Mach 6 and suing Racer Motors for intellectual property infringement. Speed decides that he must do something to stop Royalton and save the Racer business, and an opportunity to do so arises in the form of Inspector Detector , head of a corporate crimes division. Racer Taejo Togokahn ([[Rain  claims to have evidence that could indict Royalton but will only offer it up if Speed and the mysterious masked Racer X ([[Matthew Fox  agree to race on his team in the Casa Cristo 5000. Taejo claims that a win could substantially raise the stock price of his family\'s racing business, blocking a Royalton-arranged buyout. Speed agrees but keeps his decision secret from his family, and Inspector Detector\'s team makes several defensive modifications to the Mach 5 to assist Speed in the rally. After they drive together and work naturally as a team, Speed begins to suspect that Racer X is actually his brother Rex in disguise. His family discovers that he has entered the race and agree to support him. With the help of his family and Trixie, Speed defeats many brutal racers who have been bribed by fixer Cruncher Block  to stop him, and overcomes seemingly insurmountable obstacles to win the race. However, Taejo\'s arrangement is revealed to be a sham, as he was only interested in increasing the value of his family\'s company so that they could profit from Royalton\'s buyout. An angry Speed hits the track that he used to drive with his brother, and confronts Racer X with his suspicion that he is Rex. Racer X removes his mask, revealing an unfamiliar face, and tells Speed that Rex truly is dead. Speed returns home, where Taejo\'s sister Haruko  gives him Taejo\'s automatic invitation to the Grand Prix. The Racer family bands together and builds a new Mach 6 in 32 hours. Speed enters the Grand Prix against great odds: Royalton has placed a bounty on his head that the other drivers are eager to collect, and he is pitted against legendary Hall of Fame driver Jack "Cannonball" Taylor . Speed overcomes a slow start to catch up with Taylor, who uses a cheating device called a spearhook to latch the Mach 6 to his own car. Speed uses his jump jacks to expose the device to video cameras and cause Taylor to crash. Speed wins the race, having successfully exposed Royalton\'s crimes. Racer X, who is watching, reveals through a flashback montage that he is indeed Rex, having faked his death and undergone plastic surgery to change his appearance as part of his plan to save his family and the sport of racing. He chooses not to reveal his identity to his family, declaring that he must live with his decision. The Racer family celebrates Speed\'s victory as Speed and Trixie kiss, and Royalton is sent to jail.'] ['Mirza, a famous Kurdish musician, hears that his ex-wife Hanare is in trouble. He, accompanied by his two sons, embarks on an adventurous journey across the Iran-Iraq border to find her.'] ['Scat Sweeney, and Hot Lips Barton, two out of work musicians, travel the US trying to find work and stay away from girls. After running from state to state, each time running because of a girl, they try their luck in Louisiana. They stow away on board a Rio-bound ship, after accidentally starting some fires at a circus. They then get mixed up with the distraught Lucia, who first thanks them, then unexpectedly turns them over to the ship\'s captain. Unbeknownst to both of them, Lucia is being hypnotized by her crooked guardian, Catherine Vail. Vail plans to marry Lucia to her brother so she can control her and a set of \'papers\'. After a series of misadventures including sneaking off the boat, recruiting a few local musicians, and the boys trying to escape with Lucia only to have Vail hypnotize her again and slap them both, Vail decides to do away with the boys permanently. She hypnotizes both of them and tries to get them to kill each other in a duel, but it fails. Scat and Hot Lips finally figure things out and the boys head for the ceremony in order to stop the wedding and to help catch the crooks. Upon finding the \'papers\', which Scat reads, when Hot Lips asks what they are about, Scat tears them up and looks into the camera saying "The world must NEVER know." Later on, Scat is dismayed to see that Lucia loves Hot Lips and not him. But upon peaking through a keyhole, he sees Hot Lips hypnotizing her. Hope\'s frequent sidekick Jerry Colonna has a cameo as the leader of a cavalry charging to the rescue of Bing and Bob, as the film cuts away to the galloping horses periodically. All is resolved before Colonna can arrive. "Exciting, though... wasn\'t it?!" This movie also has the distinction of being the only film that Bing Crosby and the Andrew Sisters appeared in together.'] ['Barry \'Bazza\' McKenzie  travels to England with his aunt Edna Everage  to advance his cultural education. Bazza is a young Aussie fond of beer, Bondi and beautiful \'sheilas\'. He settles in Earl\'s Court, where his old friend Curly  has a flat. He gets drunk, is ripped off, insulted by pretentious Englishmen and exploited by record producers, religious charlatans and a BBC television producer . He reluctantly leaves England under the orders of his aunt, after exposing himself on television. His final words on the plane home are, "I was just starting to like the Poms!".'] ['{{plot}} Misha Belenkoff  is a Russian immigrant, who was a former literature teacher in Russia, and he is living in America and working as a janitor  at an animal-testing lab in California. One day, he cleans up the cages and he encounters Paulie , a blue-crowned conure who astonishingly speaks to him in perfect English. But Paulie doesn\'t talk when Misha brings witnesses. Misha persuades Paulie to tell him his life story with pieces of mango. Paulie tells him about his real owner, a little girl named Marie Alweather , and how he was given to her by her grandfather. Marie has a speech problem for she stutters, but is delighted when playing with Paulie. Marie\'s father, Warren , is a soldier and away from home, while her mother, Lila , is at home, and she is an only child. Eventually, Warren does return home to New Jersey. He is happy to see Marie for the first time in a long time, but is startled to see her stutter. When Warren and Lila send her to speech therapy, Marie successfully overcomes her stutter because of Paulie, who learns speech during the therapy. However, Paulie only speaks around Marie. As the months pass, Marie makes no friends and Warren grows concerned about this. He is also concerned that Marie may be spending too much time with Paulie, and not socializing with other children her age. That night, Marie takes Paulie to her house\'s roof and attempts to teach him to fly in case they separate. Unfortunately, she trips and falls off the roof, injuring herself. After this traumatic event, Warren sends Paulie away from home. Paulie is passed from one owner to another, eventually ending up in a pawn shop back in New Jersey, where he spends his time insulting the customers—including one named Benny —and the pawnbroker, Artie , until he is purchased by a widowed artist named Ivy . She befriends him, teaches him manners and agrees to take him to find Marie, who has moved across the country to Los Angeles. Their mission comes to a premature end as Ivy loses her eyesight. Paulie remains as Ivy\'s eyes until she eventually passes away. Afterward he finally learns to fly and continues his journey alone, journeying first to the Grand Canyon to watch the sunrise as Ivy had always wished to see. In East Los Angeles, Paulie joins a group of performing conures owned by Ignacio , but he\'s kidnapped by Benny, who recognized Paulie from the pawn shop, and begins a life of crime. In a botched jewel theft, Paulie flies down through a chimney of a house but becomes trapped inside and abandoned. Paulie is then brought to the institute, his current home, where employees and scientists, led by Dr. Reingold , are stunned by his intelligence. They put Paulie through tests and promise that he will be reunited with Marie. When Paulie discovers that the institute has lied to him, he refuses to cooperate with any more tests. Paulie\'s wings are clipped so he cannot fly anymore, and he is imprisoned in the basement, forgotten. Moved by Paulie\'s story, Misha decides to give up his menial job to release Paulie and take him to Marie. Misha brings cutters and manages to get Paulie out of his cage. He also sneaks in the Dr. Reingold\'s office and finds Marie\'s address, and Reingold encounters him, but Misha quits, and also releases all the animals in the Institute and sneaks out with Paulie. After escaping from the Institute, they find Marie, who is now a fully grown, beautiful young woman , but who is unrecognizable to Paulie. After a moment of confusion, they are then reunited. Marie invites Misha into her house but Misha says he should go and that she and Paulie must have lots to talk about. Paulie then joins in, saying that he should stay, but Misha still tries to go. Paulie then points out that Marie had "flowers in her hair" and probably had "books on the table", a reference to what Misha said would be his dream girl earlier in the film, Marie says that she would like it a lot if Misha could come inside, and Misha admits that he would also like to come inside. The three go inside and the credits begin to roll.'] ['As Governor Weatherby Swann, his 12-year-old daughter, Elizabeth, and Lieutenant James Norrington sail to Port Royal, Jamaica, their vessel encounters a shipwreck with an unconscious survivor, the young Will Turner. Elizabeth hides a gold medallion that Will is wearing, fearing it will identify him as a pirate. She glimpses a ghostly pirate ship, later identified as the Black Pearl. Eight years later, Norrington is promoted to Commodore. He proposes to Elizabeth. Before she can answer, her over-tightened corset causes her to faint and fall into the bay. When the medallion she is wearing touches the seafloor, it emits a small shockwave throughout the entire ocean, and the wind changes to blowing towards Port Royal. Pirate Captain Jack Sparrow arrives in Port Royal to steal a ship. He rescues Elizabeth, but Norrington recognizes Jack as a pirate and orders his arrest. Jack ducks into a blacksmith\'s shop, encountering Will Turner, now an apprentice. After a sword duel between the two, Jack is knocked unconscious and jailed, to be hanged the next day. That night Port Royal is besieged by the Pearl, answering the medallion\'s pulse. Elizabeth is captured and invokes parley. She negotiates for the pirates to stop attacking Port Royal in exchange for the medallion and claims to Captain Barbossa that her surname is Turner. Barbossa agrees but keeps Elizabeth prisoner, believing she is the key to breaking a curse they are under. Will, who loves Elizabeth, suggests making a deal with Jack Sparrow to lead them to the Black Pearl, but Norrington refuses. Will persuades Jack to help him rescue her in exchange for Jack\'s freedom. Jack agrees after learning Will\'s surname is Turner, believing he can use Will to reclaim the Pearl. Will and Jack commandeer the HMS Interceptor and recruit a crew in Tortuga with help from Jack\'s old friend, Joshamee Gibbs. They set sail for Isla de Muerta, as Jack knows the pirates will go there to break the curse. Will learns Jack was once captain of the Pearl, questing for Aztec gold, when Barbossa, Jack\'s first mate at the time, mutinied and marooned him on an island. Following the Pirate Code, Barbossa gave Jack a pistol with a single shot, intended for suicide. Jack escaped three days later and kept the pistol for ten years; saving the bullet to kill Barbossa. The pirates spent the treasure but learned it was cursed, turning them into immortal skeletal beings whose true forms are revealed in moonlight. The curse can be lifted if the coins and each pirate\'s blood is returned to the chest. William "Bootstrap Bill" Turner, Jack\'s only supporter, sent a coin to his son, Will, believing the crew should remain cursed. Barbossa had Bootstrap tied to a cannon and thrown overboard, only later to learn his blood was needed to break the curse. At Isla de Muerta, Barbossa, believing Elizabeth is Bootstrap\'s child, anoints the last coin with her blood and drops it into the chest, but the curse remains unbroken. After reaching the island, Will suspects Jack may betray him and knocks him out. He rescues Elizabeth and they escape to the Interceptor, leaving Jack behind. Jack barters with Barbossa, offering Bootstrap Bill\'s child in exchange for the Pearl, but Barbossa rejects his offer and pursues the Interceptor. Barbossa\'s crew sinks the Interceptor and imprisons the crew. Will reveals he is Bootstrap Bill\'s son and demands that Elizabeth and the crew be freed, or he will shoot himself and fall overboard, foiling Barbossa\'s plan to break the curse. Barbossa agrees but applies another loophole, marooning Elizabeth and Jack on the same island Jack had been marooned on ten years earlier. Will is taken to Isla de Muerta, to be killed to break the curse. Elizabeth discovers how Jack escaped: the island was used as a cache by rum runners and Jack bartered passage. Elizabeth burns the cache of rum to create a fire that Norrington\'s ship spots. She convinces Norrington to rescue Will by accepting his marriage proposal. Returning to Isla de Muerta, Norrington sets an ambush while Jack persuades Barbossa to form an alliance. He tells him to delay breaking the curse until they have taken Norrington\'s ship, the Dauntless. Jack\'s plan goes awry when Barbossa orders his crew to infiltrate the Dauntless from underwater. Meanwhile, Elizabeth sneaks on board the Pearl and frees Jack\'s crew. They leave with the Pearl while Elizabeth heads to the island alone and saves Will while Jack battles Barbossa, who reveals that he stole one of the medallions for himself in case such an encounter did arise. Norrington spots his ship under attack and orders his men to return. They reach the ship and attack the cursed pirates. When Barbossa attempts to kill Elizabeth, Jack shoots Barbossa as Will drops the last two medallions, stained with his and Jack\'s blood, into the chest. No longer immortal, Barbossa collapses and dies. The now-mortal pirates aboard the Dauntless surrender. At Port Royal, Will attempts to rescue Jack from hanging. Both are captured. Jack jumps into the ocean and swims to the newly-repaired Black Pearl. Will is pardoned and allowed to marry Elizabeth. The crew pulls Jack aboard from the water, appointing him captain. The film ends with Jack looking at his compass while singing "A Pirate\'s Life for Me".'] [" In 3067 BC, the Scorpion King leads his army on a campaign to conquer the world. Seven years later, the Scorpion King and his army are defeated and exiled to the desert of Ahm Shere. His men die of heat exhaustion, leaving only the Scorpion King. Vowing to give Anubis his soul for the power to defeat his enemies, an oasis is created to hide the Scorpion King's pyramid and giving him a legion of demonic, humanoid jackal warriors to seek revenge. The Army of Anubis sweeps across Egypt, destroying everything in its path, but once their task is finished Anubis claims the Scorpion King's soul and his army. In 1933, Rick and Evelyn O'Connell explore a ruined mortuary structure in the ancient Egyptian city of Thebes with their son, Alex. They find the Bracelet of Anubis. In London, Alex puts on the bracelet, which provides him with directions to the oasis of Ahm Shere. Alex has seven days to reach the oasis, or the bracelet will kill him the moment the rays of the sun shine on the Scorpion King's pyramid; at that point the Scorpion King and his army will also reawaken. Alex is captured by an Egyptian cult who have resurrected Imhotep; they wish to use Imhotep's power to defeat the Scorpion King, which would give him command of the Army of Anubis. The cult, led by Baltus Hafez, the curator of the British Museum, includes a warrior named Lock-Nah and Meela Nais, the reincarnation of Imhotep's love Anck-su-namun. The O'Connells set out to rescue Alex, accompanied by Evelyn's brother Jonathan and the Medjai Ardeth Bay. Rick's associate from his past adventures, Izzy, a pilot, provides the group transportation. The bracelet of Anubis gives Alex visions, directions to Ahm Shere that the cult follows. At each location, Alex leaves clues for his parents, who follow in Izzy's dirigible. Imhotep uses the Book of the Dead to give Meela Nais the soul of Anck-su-namun but by doing so he also allows Evelyn to unlock the memories of her previous life as Princess Nefertiri, keeper of the bracelet of Anubis and the daughter of Pharaoh Seti I. Lock-Nah discovers that Alex has been leaving clues, so Imhotep makes a wall of water that attacks the dirigible. The O'Connells crash in Ahm Shere. Izzy stays with the dirigible in hopes of repairing it. The O'Connells attack the cult, and both groups are attacked by pygmy mummies. Rick retrieves Alex while Ardeth Bay kills Lock-Nah. They escape from the pygmies, which kill most of the cult except for Baltus. Imhotep and Anck-su-namun are unharmed due to Imhotep's powers and Anck-su-namun being the keeper of the Book of the Dead. Rick and Alex run to the pyramid, barely making it before sunrise. The bracelet detaches from Alex's arm. Ardeth regroups with the Medjai in case the army of Anubis rises. Anck-su-namun stabs Evelyn and kills her. Rick, grieving, pursues Imhotep. Baltus puts on the bracelet and revives the army of Anubis. As Imhotep walks into the pyramid, Anubis takes his powers, wanting Imhotep to fight as a mortal. Rick finds Imhotep summoning the Scorpion King and they fight. The Medjai engage the army of Anubis. The Scorpion King interrupts Rick and Imhotep's fight. Imhotep tells the Scorpion King that he is the Scorpion King's slave, but Rick was sent to kill him. During Rick and the Scorpion King's fight, the Scorpion King kills Baltus. Jonathan and Alex collaborate to steal the Book of the Dead from Anck-su-namun. Alex uses the book to resurrect Evelyn, who duels with Anck-su-namun. Alex and Jonathan go to help Rick. It is revealed that the scepter that Jonathan has been carrying extends into a spear that can kill the Scorpion King. The Medjai seemingly defeat Anubis' army despite heavy casualties, but see that they have only defeated the vanguard, and the full army is charging towards them. However, before the Anubis warriors hit the Medjai lines, Rick succeeds in killing the Scorpion King, sending him and his army back to the Underworld. The Scorpion King's death causes Anubis to turn the oasis back into a desert, and the oasis is being sucked into the pyramid. Rick and Imhotep are hanging from the edge of a pit that leads into the underworld. Evelyn risks her life to save Rick, but Anck-su-namun refuses to save Imhotep, who is heart-broken about this, and he lets go into the underworld to his death. Anck-su-namun, running away from the pyramid, falls into a scarab-filled pit, where she is bitten and suffocated to death. The O'Connells reach the top of the pyramid, which is being sucked into the desert. Izzy arrives with a modified dirigible and saves the O'Connells. Jonathan grabs the diamond at the top of the pyramid. Ardeth Bay salutes them as they fly over him."] ['In Beverly Hills, California, Heiress Vivian Ashe leaves her richly pampered pet chihuahua, Chloe, with her irresponsible niece, Rachel, when she is leaving to a business trip. Papi, who is another Chihuahua with an independent kind of personality, has a crush on Chloe, which she constantly rejects. However, when Rachel decides to go to Mexico with her friends, Chloe tries to find her when Rachel leaves her alone in the hotel room. She gets dognapped and is sent to the dog fights in Mexico City, and meets a street-smart German Shepherd named Delgado, a former police dog who was retired after he lost his sense of smell. Delgado helps her escape the dog fights, unleashes the other dogs from their cages, unlocks the ring to allow both Chloe and himself and attempts to get her back to Beverly Hills safely. El Diablo, a fierce Argentinean mix Bolivian Doberman Pinscher, is sent by the dog fight ringleader to capture Chloe for the reward that Rachel has sent out. Chloe and Delgado eventually arrive in Chihuahua and escape from El Diablo, whose masters get arrested by the police after a long turn of events in the city. Chloe returns safely to Beverly Hills and starts a romantic relationship with Papi, while Delgado returns to being a police dog.'] ['Sir Sidney Ruff-Diamond  is Queen Victoria\'s Governor in the British India province of Khalabar near the Khyber Pass. The province is defended by the feared 3rd Foot and Mouth Regiment, who are said to not wear anything under their kilts. When Private Widdle ([[Charles Hawtrey  is found wearing underpants after an encounter with Bungdit Din , chief of the warlike Burpa tribe, the Khasi of Khalabar  plans to use this information to incite an anti-British rebellion. He aims to dispel the "tough" image of the Devils in Skirts by revealing that contrary to popular belief, they do indeed wear underpants under their kilts. A diplomatic operation ensues on the part of the British, who fail spectacularly to prove that the incident was an aberration. The Governor\'s wife , in the hope of luring the Khasi into bed with her, takes a photograph of an inspection in which many of the soldiers present are found wearing underpants, and takes it to him. With this hard evidence in hand, the Khasi would be able to muster a ferocious Afghan invasion force, storm the Khyber Pass and reclaim India from British rule; but Lady Ruff-Diamond insists that he sleep with her before she parts with the photograph. He delays on account of her unattractiveness, eventually taking her away with him to Bungdit Din\'s palace. Meanwhile, the Khasi\'s daughter, Princess Jelhi , reveals to the British Captain Keene , with whom she has fallen in love, that the Governor\'s wife has eloped, and a team is dispatched to return her and the photo to British hands. Disguised as Afghan generals, the interlopers are unmasked amid a farcical orgy scene, imprisoned, and scheduled to be executed at sunset along with the Governor\'s wife. The Khasi\'s daughter aids their escape in disguise, but Lady Ruff-Diamond drops the photograph on leaving the palace. The group returns to the Khyber Pass to find its guards massacred and their weapons comically mutilated, in a rare moment of  poignancy. All attempts to hold off the advancing hordes fail miserably, and a hasty retreat is beaten to the Governor\'s Palace. The Governor, meanwhile, has been entertaining, in numerical order, the Khasi\'s fifty-one wives, each one of them wishing to "right the wrong" that his own wife and the Khasi himself have supposedly committed against him . After a browbeating from his wife, Sir Sidney calls a crisis meeting regarding the invasion, in which he resolves to "do nothing". A black tie dinner is arranged for that evening. Dinner takes place during a prolonged penultimate scene, with contrapuntal snippets of the Khasi\'s army demolishing the Palace exterior, and the officers and ladies ignoring the devastation as they dine. Shells shaking the building and plaster falling into the soup should not interrupt dinner; the British are not to be put off. Finally, at Captain Keene\'s suggestion, the gentlemen walk outside to be greeted by a bloody battle being waged in the courtyard. Still dressed in black tie, Sir Sidney orders the Regiment to form a line and lift their kilts, this time exposing their  lack of underwear. The invading army is terrified, and retreats at once.'] ['Tintin , a young journalist, and his dog Snowy are browsing in an outdoor market in a European town. Tintin buys a model of a three-masted sailing ship, the Unicorn, but is then immediately accosted by the sinister Ivan Ivanovitch Sakharine , and the mysterious figure of Barnaby , who both try to buy the model from Tintin, without success. Tintin takes the ship home, but it is broken during a fight between Snowy and a neighbour\'s cat. As it breaks, a parchment scroll slips out of the ship\'s mast. Snowy spots it but is unable to alert Tintin. Meanwhile, incompetent detectives Thomson and Thompson  are on the trail of a pickpocket, Aristides Silk . Tintin visits Sakharine in Marlinspike Hall, where he learns that there are two model ships. Tintin puts the scroll in his wallet, only to have his wallet stolen by Silk. Later, Tintin is shot at, then abducted by accomplices of Sakharine, and imprisoned on the SS Karaboudjan. On board, Tintin escapes and meets the ship\'s nominal captain, Haddock . Haddock has been supplied with whisky by first mate Allan , who is working for Sakharine, and thus is permanently drunk, and unaware of the happenings on board his ship. Tintin, Haddock, and Snowy eventually escape from the Karaboudjan in a lifeboat. Sakharine sends a seaplane to find them, which the trio seize and use to fly towards the  Moroccan port of Bagghar, but they crash in the desert. Dehydrated in the heat, and suffering from a sudden lack of alcohol, Haddock hallucinates, and starts to remember stories about his ancestor, Sir Francis Haddock , who was captain of the Unicorn during the 17th century. Sir Francis\' treasure-laden ship was attacked by a pirate ship, led by the masked Red Rackham , and, after a fierce battle and eventual surrender, Sir Francis chose to sink the Unicorn, and most of the treasure, rather than allow it to fall into Rackham\'s hands. It transpires that there were three models of the Unicorn, each containing a scroll. Together, the scrolls will reveal the location of the sunken Unicorn, and its treasure. The third model ship is in Bagghar, in the possession of the wealthy Omar Ben Salaad , but it is encased in a bullet-proof glass display case. Sakharine\'s plan is to stage a concert involving famous diva Bianca Castafiore , the "Milanese nightingale", whose penetrating singing voice will be able to shatter the glass case, allowing Sakharine\'s trained hawk to fly down and steal the third scroll. After a chase down to the harbour, pursued by Tintin and Haddock, Sakharine finally escapes with all three scrolls. Tintin chases him back to Europe and arranges a police reception for him on the dockside. Haddock and Sakharine, who is revealed to be the descendant of Red Rackham, replay their ancestors\' swashbuckling sword fight, using dockside cranes, swords, and even bottles of whisky. Haddock is eventually victorious and Sakharine is promptly arrested by Thomson and Thompson. With the three scrolls in their possession, Tintin and Haddock find that the indicated location is Marlinspike Hall, and that the hall had been built originally by Sir Francis Haddock. There, in the cellar, they find some of the treasure, and a clue to the location of the sunken Unicorn. Both men agree to continue the adventure.'] ['Larry Daley  is divorced, unable to keep a stable job, and has failed at many business ventures. His ex-wife  believes that he is a bad example to their eleven year-old son Nick , and Larry fears that Nick respects his future stepfather, bond trader Don , more than him. Cecil , an elderly night security guard about to retire from the American Museum of Natural History, hires Larry despite his unpromising résumé. Because of recent financial troubles, the museum plans to replace Cecil and his two colleagues Gus  and Reginald  with one guard. They advise Larry to leave some of the lights on and warn him not to let anything "in...or out". Once night comes, Larry discovers that the exhibits come to life, including a living Tyrannosaurus skeleton nicknamed "Rexy" who behaves like a dog ; a mischievous capuchin monkey named Dexter , which always steals Larry\'s keys ; rival miniature civilizations led by Old West cowboy Jedediah  and Roman general Octavius ; an Easter Island Moai , who calls Larry dum-dum and loves gum-gum; and wax models of the likes of Theodore Roosevelt , and Attila the Hun ([[Patrick_Gallagher_, who makes a habit of chasing Larry wildly through the museum with his Huns. Roosevelt explains that since an Egyptian artifact&mdash;the Golden Tablet of Pharaoh Akhmenrah&mdash;came to the museum in 1952, all of the exhibits come to life each night. If the exhibits are outside of the museum during sunrise, however, they turn to dust. Roosevelt helps Larry by restoring order, and he decides to remain as a guard. On Cecil\'s advice, Larry studies history to prepare himself better. He also learns from a museum docent, Rebecca Hutman , who is writing a dissertation on Sacagawea  but does not feel she knows enough about her subject. The next night, Larry uses what he has learned to better control the exhibits (helping solve the Neanderthals\' quest for fire by tossing them a cigarette lighter; giving the Easter Island head a wad of chewing gum . However, things go awry when his attempt at winning over Atilla with cheap magic tricks fails, the dioramas continue fighting despite their agreement with Larry and Dexter is able to steal Larry\'s keys again and let out all of the animal exhibits. The Neanderthals then set fire to a display and one turns to dust when he leaves the museum at dawn , so museum director Dr. McPhee  almost fires Larry. He offers Rebecca a meeting with Sacagawea, but she believes that he is mocking her and the museum, and leaves him. Larry brings Nick to the museum to show him the exhibits, but none is alive. They investigate and catch Cecil, Gus, and Reginald in the act of stealing the tablet and other valuable objects. Like the exhibits, the guards receive enhanced vitality from the artifact; wishing to retain their health and fund their retirements, the three plan to frame Larry for the thefts, and disabled the tablet to stop the exhibits from interfering. Nick reactivates the tablet, but Cecil locks him and his father in the Egyptian room and flees with the tablet. Larry releases the Akhmenrah\'s  mummy from his sarcophagus. The pharaoh speaks English from many years as an exhibit at Cambridge, and helps Larry and Nick escape. The three find the other exhibits fighting all over the lobby, and Larry convinces them to work together. Although some of the exhibits capture Gus and Reginald without difficulty, Cecil escapes by stagecoach with Larry, Nick, Akmenrah, Jedediah, Octavius, and Atilla the Hun in pursuit in Central Park, where they stop him and regain the tablet. While in a taxicab, Rebecca sees the exhibits return to the museum before sunrise and realizes that Larry was telling the truth; so she enters the museum, and he introduces her to Sacagawea. Dr. McPhee fires Larry due to the chaos during the night, but rehires him when news reports of the strange events around the museum&mdash;such as cave paintings in the museum\'s subway station, dinosaur footprints in Central Park, and cavemen sightings&mdash;raise attendance. Larry, Nick, and the exhibits celebrate, while Cecil, Gus, and Reginald are forced to become museum janitors to evade being sent to jail.'] ['The film opens with a brief, comic segment on the history of flight, narrated by James Robertson Justice and featuring American comedian Red Skelton depicting a recurring character whose adventures span the centuries, in a series of silent blackout vignettes that incorporate stock footage of unsuccessful attempts at early aircraft.This early history sequence is followed by a whimsical animated opening credit sequence drawn by caricaturist Ronald Searle, accompanied by the title song. The American lead, Stuart Whitman was selected over Dick Van Dyke, whose agents never contacted him about the offer, but most of the cast were British.<ref nameN Patricia  is the daughter of Lord Rawnsley , a newspaper magnate. Richard Mays , is an Army officer who flies an Antoinette monoplane and seeks to win Patricia\'s hand. Mays conceives the idea of an air race from London to Paris to advance the cause of aviation , and persuades Lord Rawnsley to sponsor the race. An international cast plays the array of contestants, most of whom live up to national stereotypes, including the by-the-book, monocle-wearing Prussian officer  flying an Eardley-Billing biplane, impetuous Count Emilio Ponticelli , an amorous Frenchman Pierre Dubois  in a Santos-Dumont Demoiselle, the rugged American cowboy Orvil Newton  flying a Bristol Boxkite , who falls for Patricia, causing a love triangle between them and Mays. Yujiro Ishihara is the late-arriving Japanese Naval officer Yamamoto, whose perfect Etonian accent makes him more British than the British. Rawnsley sums up: "The trouble with these international affairs is they attract a lot of foreigners."Those Magnificent Men in their Flying Machines VHS 1969 Sir Percy Ware-Armitage  is the unscrupulous rogue flying an Avro Triplane who "never leaves anything to chance". With his bullied servant Courtney , he sabotages other aircraft or drugs their pilots, and cheats by shipping his aeroplane across the channel by boat. The race sets out with 14 competitors but one by one they drop out or  crash, until only a few land in Paris. Orvil Newton loses his chance to win when he pauses to rescue Emilio Ponticelli from his burning aircraft. Richard Mays wins for Britain, but insists on a tie with Orvill Newton and sharing the prize with the now-bankrupt Newton. Orvil and Patricia finally are seen kissing, then being interrupted by a strange noise. Those at the flying field look up to see a flypast by six English Electric Lightnings overhead. The story resumes in a fogbound London airport as a cancellation of flights to Paris is announced. The narrator noted earlier that a jet can make the trip in minutes, with one frustrated passenger who turns out to be Skelton, starting wing-flapping motions with his arms, cutting back into the animation from the title sequence for the closing credits.'] ['The film starts with con-artist Chuck Reardon  as a side-show caller at a circus advertising an act featuring his friend Hubert "Fearless" Frazier , as a human cannonball, with \'Fearless\' quickly substituting a dummy at the last minute and hiding in a secret compartment. The flaming dummy sets the big tent on fire and everyone into a panic and the two of them flee. Their subsequent acts show \'Fearless\' doing more dangerous acts, usually getting injured every time. When Chuck brings the next \'great idea\', wrestling a live octopus, \'Fearless\' finally balks and wants to go back to the states. At a fancy restaurant, they\'re sent champagne by a wealthy man, diamond baron Charles Kimble . The festive mood turns sours when the police show up, but Kimble bails them out. They decide to go home to the United States, but when Chuck goes to get the tickets Kimble invites him onto his yacht for a drink. \'Fearless\' is busy packing and when Chuck comes back, he finds out Chuck spent all their money, five thousand, on the deed for one of Kimble\'s diamond mines. It seems like a good deal, until they find out Kimble is an eccentric who would sign over anything and the deed is worthless. Furious at Chuck losing all their money, \'Fearless\' ends their partnership. Later that evening, \'Fearless\' comes back with a fistful of money, claiming to have \'sold\' the diamond mine to some guy at a bar for SEVEN thousand. They start to leave only to be confronted by the same man, Monsieur Lebec . \'Fearless\' had inflated the story a little, so the Lebec and his huge bodyguard want Chuck and \'Fearless\' to accompany them to actually see the mine. Chuck and \'Fearless\' manage to escape and jump onto a boat. Stranded, they are propositioned by Julia Quimby  to help rescue her friend, Donna LaTour , from being sold at a slave auction. They bid 150 in local coin on her to rescue her. Unbeknownst to both of them, Julia and Donna are also con-artists and take half of the payment to get food. Donna reveals to Julia about the seven thousand Chuck and \'Fearless\' have and how she has convinced them to take her and Julia on a safari across the country, not telling them it\'s to see Donna\'s wealthy boyfriend. \'Fearless\' is reluctant to go, but Chuck convinces him it\'s the best way to hide out and really wants to help Donna. On the safari, Donna romances \'Fearless\', but he\'s unsure about her intentions, especially when she cuddles up to Chuck, who seem oblivious. Julia, also doesn\'t like Donna romancing Chuck and casually throws around the name of Donna\'s boyfriend. As their journey continues, with the help of an announcer and a montage, both Chuck and \'Fearless\' both vie for Donna\'s attention. During a moonlit canoe ride, Chuck proclaims his feelings and Donna realizes she\'s starting to fall for him too. Julia tells Donna it would be foolish to give up her wealthy boyfriend for a side show crooner. Chuck and \'Fearless\' continue to fight over Donna, with Chuck drugging \'Fearless\' and \'Fearless\' ripping up Chuck\'s shirt. Donna finally confides to \'Fearless\' that despite her feelings for Chuck, her heart belongs to another. Thinking its him, \'Fearless\' agrees to tell Chuck. Chuck refuses to believe \'Fearless, who is practically skipping, but then Julia comes in and tell them both about the rich boyfriend. Chuck and \'Fearless\' finally learn they\'ve been had from the beginning and everything had been a set-up. They angrily run into the jungle to confront her. While she\'s swimming, a pair of leopards appear and tear her clothes while she hides in the reeds. Upon seeing her torn clothes, Chuck and \'Fearless\' assume she\'s dead. They bury her clothes and have a funeral, all while Donna watches. During their attempt at a eulogy, they admit that despite the fact she lied to them, they both loved her. Chuck and \'Fearless\' start to sing and burst into tears, until Donna sings to them and then they both turn on her. They storm off into the jungle and the safari leaves without them. While trying to find their way back, Chuck and \'Fearless\' stumble upon skeleton-laden caves. They jokingly bang on the drums only to summon a local tribe of natives. The natives, thinking they are gods, adorn them with jewels and give them food. Chuck and \'Fearless\' thinks its great until the natives decide to test them by throwing \'Fearless\' in a cage with a giant gorilla. After a comical wrestling match, in which \'Fearless\' loses, the natives prepare to cook them both, until they use their infamous \'patty cake\' routine to escape. They return to civilization, haggard, dirty and penniless until they hock the jewels they had received from the natives. \'Fearless\' reluctantly lets Chuck go get the tickets. When he comes back empty handed, \'Fearless\' is crushed, until Chuck presents Donna and Julia. Donna gave up the rich boyfriend because she\'s in love with Chuck. When \'Fearless\' asks what they are going to do for money, Chuck springs another \'great idea\' and the film ends with the four of them again doing a carnival act, this time sawing a woman  in half.'] ['Lyle  and Chuck  are inept songwriters who dream of becoming a popular singing duo like Simon and Garfunkel. Their songs, with titles like "That a Lawnmower Can Do All That" and "The Echo Song," are performed badly and poorly-received. Their agent, Marty , books them as lounge singers in a hotel in Morocco to entertain troops stationed there. They unwittingly become involved in a plot to overthrow the Emir of the fictional neighboring country of Ishtar. A mysterious woman named Shirra  has a map she needs to get to the leftist guerrillas opposing the government of Ishtar. A CIA agent  gets involved when Shirra contacts Lyle and Chuck. He attempts to prevent the overthrow.'] ['The film opens with a title card that reads "From the time Adam and Eve were banished from the Garden of Eden, man has vainly sought to find solace, comfort and earthly pleasures in an artificial world of his own creation. Down through the ages has come that eternal heritage of the urge in every man to turn his back on so-called civilization, to get back to nature and revel in the glories and freedom of a primitive paradise." The Fairbanks character Steve Drexel voluntarily strands himself on a deserted island on a bet. He intends to re-create civilization  and carves a miniature city of 52nd Street and Park Avenue out of the jungle. Drexel is befriended by his dog, a native monkey, and a wild goat that is captured in one of his traps. He attempts to cultivate a native as his Man Friday from Robinson Crusoe, but fails as the native escapes. A woman played by actress Maria Alba is trapped in one of his devices. He names her Saturday and she becomes the love interest of the film. In an attempt to communicate with Saturday, he tries German, Spanish, and then Pig Latin. Over the course of the film, she slowly learns rudimentary English. Eventually, the hostile natives on a nearby island attack the Fairbank\'s settlement at the behest of the men that bet against the main character. The hero defeats the hostile natives, but ends up escaping with the girl on the yacht that brought him there. He takes her back to New York where she performs to an appreciative crowd in the Ziegfeld Follies.  The lead character exemplifies the can-do spirit of early twentieth-century America. Drexel launches his subjugation of the jungle by creating construction tools including an axe made from a sharpened shell lashed to a wooden branch. He uses the axe to make a shovel, plow, bow, arrows, saw, table, and many more items. Drexel speaks to a monkey in much the same way Tom Hanks speaks to the volleyball in the later film Cast Away. He explains to the monkey he learned his survival skills from his time in the Boy Scouts of America and Dan Beard\'s American Boy\'s Handy Book. At the time, the book was a popular young adult wilderness and outdoor survival skills manual. In recreating civilization, the main character even creates an 18-hole golf course on the island.'] ['Jamal Walker  is an everyday slacker with a job at a crummy theme park called Medieval World, which is about to receive big competition from another theme park, Castle World. While cleaning a moat surrounding the park, he finds a medallion in the moat and when he tries to retrieve it he gets sucked into the past. He awakes in an alternate universe version of England, 1328, where he is first met by a drunkard named Knolte. He then searches for Medieval World, but he finds a castle that he thinks is Castle World, so he decides to check it out. The tenants of the castle believe him to be a French Moor, from Normandy, because he tells them he is from Florence and Normandie, a famous intersection in South Central Los Angeles. Jamal is soon taken in by the reigning king, King Leo ([[Kevin Conway . He is assumed to be a messenger from Normandy who the king believes to be bringing news of an alliance between England and Normandy. Although at first Jamal thinks that all the people around him are just actors in a theme park he changes his mind when he witnesses a beheading. He gives his name as Jamal "Sky" Walker after his high school basketball nickname, and, after gaining trust from the king by accidentally preventing his assassination, Jamal is made a lord and head of security. While all of this is going on, Jamal finds out about the ruthless way the king came to power by overthrowing the former queen. He learns from Victoria , a chambermaid, and Sir Knolte , a former knight of the queen who has become an alcoholic and whom he met when he first awoke there. Through their help and his own realization of the situation, Jamal soon understands he must help overthrow King Leo and help restore the queen to her throne. He manages to convince decimated rebels to gather their forces and overthrow the king. After the Queen\'s reign is restored, Jamal is knighted by her and during the dubbing he awakes back at Medieval World surrounded by his co-workers and a medical team who saved him from drowning in the moat. After being saved Jamal\'s whole attitude changes and he helps his boss to make Medieval World better so that Castle World will not run them out of business. Later on, Jamal takes a walk around the new Medieval World and he meets a woman named Nicole  who looks just like Victoria. They talk a little and he asks her out to lunch. Unfortunately, Jamal forgets to get Nicole\'s number and when he tries to catch up to her, he accidentally falls back into the moat, and wakes up in Ancient Rome, where he is about to be devoured by lions.'] ['The film opens as normal while Samuel "Rocky" Douglas , Jeffrey "Colt" Douglas , and Michael "Tum Tum" Douglas  are at the home of their Grandfather Mori  for the summer to perform their ninja training. After being put to an obstacle course test and failing, he overhears Rocky and Colt talking about no longer returning since they are older and have more adult things to do, depressing him. After they return home from their vacation, they meet Amanda  when their heads are almost buzzed off when her out-of-control radio-controlled helicopter also broke one of their windows. After making amends, she is invited to Tum Tum\'s birthday party the following day at Mega Mountain  which she accepts. Tum Tum is also very depressed when his favorite action hero Dave Dragon  is set to retire and end his television series due to poor ratings, and even concerns his mother when she offers him food, to which he replies that he says "No thanks Mom, I\'m not hungry". The following day, the boys and Amanda are dropped off at Mega Mountain, and Rocky disappoints the group by opting to spend the day with his girlfriend Jennifer  rather than spend it with Tum Tum and his wanting to see Dave Dragon who is performing live for his final performance. Colt and Tum Tum both admit the admiration toward him and remember how cool he had been previously. During these goings-on, a master criminal named Mary Ann "Medusa" Rogers , her right-hand man Lothar Zogg , her Jamaican sidekick C.J. , her three idiot nephews Carl , Buelow , and Zed ([[Brendan O\'Brien , and a small group of mercenaries infiltrate the park, take over its operations, and attempt to take out Dave after his performance . Medusa threatens the park\'s owner Harry Jacobson  to pay her enough money or she will cause accidents on the rides. This causes the police and the FBI led by the boys\' father Sam  to be called in. After fending off the thugs and rejoining Rocky who had spotted them while away from Jennifer, they wake up Dave and become suspicious as a great deal of the park is closed off and several rides begin to go crazy. Amanda utilizes a hand-held computer and is able to hack out some of the programs. However, Medusa quickly has her access locked out, and suspends a roller coaster train full of people at the top of a loop, threatening Harry with their deaths if he does not pay her a large sum of money. Dave tries to infiltrate their operations, and is captured while Colt, Rocky, Tum Tum, and Amanda continue to evade Medusa\'s henchmen and her nephews. She manages to have her nephews kidnap Jennifer and use her as bait to keep the kids from interfering by tying her to the roller coaster tracks and threatening to release the train, causing it to run over her. Rocky battles with Lothar when attempting to free her, and causes him to literally bounce out of the park and into the hands of the authorities. Medusa releases the train to race pass by Rocky and Jennifer. She tells him that he saved her and kisses him. Harry then begins to give Medusa the $10 million bag by bag. But as the final bag drops Amanda uses her helicopter to cut it open. Medusa discovers this and grabs her. Rocky meets up with his brothers and they run into Dave. After they inform him about Amanda\'s capture they all unite to save her. Meanwhile Medusa tells her about her plans for her. She plans to use her as a hostage to escape. Then she will be her personal slave to work off the lost money. Medusa estimates that in 50 years they will be even. The boys are able to defeat many ninjas before they catch up to her. She compliments their skills but then decides to even the odds by shooting the lights out. This gives her ninjas the upper hand because they have night vision goggles. While they are taken care of she gives Amanda a little "surprise." Instead of being Medusa\'s slave, she will be blown to bits by a bomb that she leaves behind. The boys manage to overcome their inability to see in the dark  and save Amanda, but her computer breaks down and she cannot disarm the bomb she\'s attached to. Thinking quickly, they attach it to an oxygen tank on rollers and attempt to break its valve to send it away. But despite the boys\' skills as ninjas, they lack the physical strength to break the valve. Luckily, Dave arrives and breaks the valve instead. The oxygen tanks send off like a torpedo directly toward Medusa\'s escape route. The explosion draws the authorities\' attention, and they quickly capture her still clutching her bag of money. She pouts and seats herself with it, surrendering to the FBI. Once Medusa and her minions are in jail, the boys also give credit to Dave for helping to save the park when interviewed by the media. Later, they assure Mori that they are not going to give up their summers with him for anything, enjoying learning to be ninjas, and even recruit Amanda to join them next time, an offer she accepts graciously.'] ['The film starts where L\'armata Brancaleone has ended. Brancaleone da Norcia  is a poor but proud Middle Ages knight leading his bizarre and ragtag army of underdogs. However, he loses all his "warriors" in a battle and therefore meets Death\'s personification . Having obtained more time to live, he forms a new tattered band. When Brancaleone saves an infant of royal blood, they set on to the Holy Sepulchre to bring him back to his father, Bohemund of Taranto , who is fighting in the Crusades. As in the first film, in his quest he lives a series of grotesque episodes, each a hilarious parody of Middle Ages stereotypes. These include: the saving of a young witch  from the stake, the annexion of a leper to the band, and a meeting with Gregory VII, in which Brancaleone has to solve the dispute between the pope and the antipope Clement III. On reaching Palestine, Brancaleone obtains the title of baron from the child\'s father. He is therefore chosen as a champion in a tournament to solve the dispute between the Christians and the Saracens in the siege of Jerusalem. The award for the winner is the former leper, who is in fact revealed to be a beautiful princess, Berta, who adopted the disguise to travel to the Holy Land in relative safety. After having nearly defeated all the Moor warriors, Brancaleone is however defeated by a spell cast on him by the witch, who, having fallen in love with him, could not stand seeing him married with the princess. He therefore starts to wander in despair through the desert, and again Death comes to claim her credit: Brancaleone, brooding and world weary as he is has no qualms about dying but asks to be allowed to die in "knightly" fashion, in a duel with the Grim Reaper itself. Death agrees and the confrontation begins...after a fierce exchange of blows Brancaleone is about to be cleft by Death\'s scythe but is ultimately saved by the witch, who gives her life for the man she loved.'] ["Austin Millbarge is a geekish, basement-dwelling codebreaker for The Pentagon who aspires to escape his under-respected job to become a secret agent. Emmett Fitz-Hume, a wisecracking, pencil-pushing son of an envoy, takes the foreign service exam under peer pressure. Millbarge and Fitz-Hume meet during the test, on which Fitz-Hume openly attempts to cheat after an attempt to seduce his immediate supervisor in exchange for the answers backfires. Millbarge, however, was forced to take the test, having had only one day to prepare after his supervisor gives him a notice that was three weeks old. Needing expendable agents to act as decoys to draw attention away from a more capable team, the Defense Intelligence Agency  decides to enlist the two, promote them to be Foreign Service Operatives, put them through minimal training, and then send them on an undefined mission into Soviet Central Asia. Meanwhile, professional agents are well on their way to reaching the real objective: the seizure of a mobile SS-50 ICBM launcher. The main team takes a loss, while Millbarge and Fitz-Hume miraculously escape enemy traps, attacks, and other certain perils. Eventually the bumbling pair encounter Karen Boyer, the only surviving operative from the main team. In the Pamir Mountains of the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic, the trio overpowers a mobile missile guard unit using hastily constructed extraterrestrial outfits and tranquilizer guns. Following orders in real-time from the intelligence agency , they begin to operate the launcher. At the end of their instructions, the vehicle launches the ICBM into space, targeting an unspecified area in the United States. Thinking they have begun a nuclear war, the American agents and their Soviet counterparts pair up to have sex before the world ends. Meanwhile, the military commander at the operations bunker ([[Steve Forrest . The purpose of sending the agents to launch a Soviet ICBM is thereby exposed as a means to test this anti-ballistic missile system. Unfortunately, the laser fails to intercept the nuclear missile, which is heading for the U.S. and will almost certainly trigger a global thermonuclear war. Back in the Soviet Union, guilt-ridden and horrified at the thought of having launched a nuclear missile at their own country, the American spies  use Millbarge's technical knowledge to force a malfunction in the launcher vehicle and transmit junk instructions to the traveling missile, sending it off into space where it detonates harmlessly. Immediately after, the underground bunker back at the drive-in theater is stormed by U.S. Army Rangers, and the intelligence and military officials involved in the covert operation are arrested. For their part, Millbarge, Fitz-Hume, and Boyer go on to become nuclear disarmament negotiators, playing a nuclear version of Risk-meets-Trivial Pursuit against their Soviet friends."] ['"Joliet" Jake Blues  is released from prison after serving three years for armed robbery. Jake is irritated at being picked up by his brother Elwood  in the Bluesmobile, a battered former Mount Prospect police car, instead of the Cadillac the brothers used to own. The brothers visit their childhood home, a Roman Catholic orphanage, and learn that it is facing imminent closure unless $5,000 in property taxes is collected. The brothers visit an evangelical church service where Jake has an epiphany: they can legitimately raise the funds by re-forming their rhythm and blues band. Elwood runs a red light, and is pulled over by two Illinois State Police troopers who learn of his suspended license. When they attempt to arrest him, he speeds off, escaping through the Dixie Square Mall. As the brothers arrive at the flophouse where Elwood lives, a mystery woman  launches a bazooka attack that leaves them unharmed. The next morning, she detonates a bomb that demolishes the building, which fails to injure the brothers, but saves them from being arrested. Jake and Elwood begin tracking down members of the band. Trombonist Tom "Bones" Malone and the rhythm section, ([[Willie Hall , are playing in a nearly empty Holiday Inn lounge, and are easily persuaded to rejoin. Trumpeter "Mr. Fabulous", now Maître d’ at the fancy Chez Paul restaurant, is harder to sway, but Jake and Elwood convince him by engaging in rude behavior and promising to continue until he agrees. En route to meet saxophonist "Blue Lou" Marini and guitarist Matt "Guitar" Murphy, the brothers drive through a rally of "Illinois Nazis", adding another enemy to the brothers\' growing list. Marini and Murphy are at the soul food restaurant on Maxwell Street which Murphy owns with his wife . Against her advice, the two musicians leave and rejoin the band. The reunited group get instruments and equipment from Ray\'s Music Exchange . Jake is unable to book a gig in advance, but the band stumbles into a gig at Bob\'s Country Bunker, a country bar. After a rocky start, the band wins over the bottle-tossing crowd. At the end of the evening, however, not only is their bar tab greater than the pay for the gig, but the brothers infuriate the band that was actually meant to play, the Good Ol\' Boys. The Blues Brothers blackmail their old booking agent  into securing a gig for them&mdash;a performance at the Palace Hotel Ballroom, located 106 miles  north of Chicago. After being driven all over the area promoting the concert, the Bluesmobile runs out of gas, making Jake and Elwood late for the concert. The ballroom is packed, and the concert-goers are joined by the Good Ol\' Boys and scores of police officers. Jake and Elwood sneak into the venue and perform two songs. A record company executive offers them a cash advance on a recording contract, more than enough to pay off the orphanage\'s taxes and Ray\'s IOU, and tells the brothers how to slip out unnoticed. As the brothers escape via a service tunnel, they are confronted by the mystery woman, whereupon it is revealed she is Jake\'s ex-fiancée. She fires an M16 rifle at them, but Jake charms her, allowing the two brothers to escape to the Bluesmobile. They head back to Chicago with dozens of state/local police and the Good Ol\' Boys in pursuit. Jake and Elwood eventually elude them all, leaving piled-up police cars in their wake. After a gravity-defying escape from the Illinois Nazis, Jake and Elwood arrive at the Richard J. Daley Center, where the Bluesmobile literally falls to pieces. They rush inside the adjacent Chicago City Hall building, soon followed by hundreds of police, state troopers, SWAT teams, firefighters, Illinois National Guardsmen, and the Military Police. Finding the office of the Cook County Assessor, the brothers pay the tax bill. Just as their receipt is stamped, they are arrested by a large crowd of armed law officers. Jake, Elwood, and the rest of the band are sent to prison where they play "Jailhouse Rock" for fellow inmates.'] [' An eastern cult  is about to sacrifice a woman to the goddess \'Kaili{{Disambiguation needed|dateIntermissionPart TwoPart Three: Later That Evening Ringo lies nervously on Paul\'s bed, waiting for the injection. But before Ahme can proceed, the gang starts to pound on the doors. Startled, Ahme drops the needle into Paul\'s leg and he shrinks instead. Cutting from "The Exciting Adventure of Paul on The Floor", the thugs break into the room and a fight ensues. Ahme flees. Ringo is doused with red paint , thus ruining his best suit and causing him to cry and a swordsman approaches. Foot comes in, shoots a warning shot with his Webley and scares the man away. The gang retreats and Foot makes his attempt to take the ring. Paul unshrinks and John subsequently starts to swing a lamp at Foot who tries to shoot him, but his gun misfires. Blaming this on the fact that the gun is British made, Foot retreats. The boys are left to sort things out. The band flees to the Austrian Alps for refuge but both thugs and Foot follow in pursuit. As the Beatles participate in a game of curling, Foot and Algernon booby trap one of the curling stones with a bomb. George sees the "fiendish thingy" and tells everyone to run. The bomb eventually goes off after a delay, creating a big hole in the ice in which a swimmer  emerges and asks directions to the White Cliffs of Dover. Next, Swami skis down a slope that Ahme told him was the way to get to further pursue the Beatles, but turns out to be the take-off ramp for a Ski jumping contest. Swami is the winner, and inadvertently gets held up by receiving a gold medal. The group escapes back to England and they ask for "protection" from Scotland Yard; and get it in the form of a cowardly Inspector . After being attacked while recording in the middle of Salisbury Plain surrounded by the British Army, they hide in "A Well Known Palace"  until they are almost captured by Foot. The group step into a small pub, where Swami appears to be working. After being served beer, Ringo cannot pick his glass up from the table, so George tips it over, unknowingly opening a trapdoor to the cellar that Swami set up. Inside the cellar is a broken ladder and a tiger. They go summon the Inspector, who tells them to sing the "Ode to Joy" from Beethoven\'s 9th Symphony to the tiger in order to tame it, while everyone outside the pub hear the melody, and join in. Disguised, the Beatles take a plane to the Bahamas, followed by Scotland Yard officers, Foot and Clang. After Ringo is nearly captured, the other Beatles pose as him in order to lure the cult members, who are then arrested by the Bahamas Police. Despite their best efforts, Ringo is captured by Foot, who takes him on to a ship intending to cut off his finger to get the ring. Ahme rescues Ringo by giving Foot the same orchid essence shrinking solution in exchange. The two try to escape the ship by jumping into the water, however Ringo cannot swim. They are captured by the cult and tied down on the beach where they are surrounded by two battalions of Kukhri Rifles. Clang begins the ceremony to sacrifice Ringo, after telling him that the cult members are prepared to attack the rest of the Beatles and police when they come to the rescue and that if Ringo attempts to warn them he will die instantly. Ringo manages to untie himself and tries to wave to his band mates to warn them away. With this act of courage, the ring falls from his finger. He puts the ring on Clang\'s hand, saying "Get sacrificed! I don\'t subscribe to your religion!" Ahme declares that Clang will be the next sacrifice, as he is wearing the ring. The movie ends with "Help!" playing one last time and everyone running around. Clang manages to remove the ring and gives it to Foot and Algernon. They, however, leave the ring in the sand while the police rush about arresting the cult while The Beatles playfully run around; the ring ends up on Bhuta\'s finger and he becomes the target for sacrifice; meanwhile, Mal Evans swims toward the beach and once again, asks for directions to the White Cliffs of Dover. The movie ends with a dedication to "Elias Howe, who, in 1846, invented the sewing machine". The credits feature the characters acting up in front of the camera, with the jewel of the ring being placed in front of the lens. The music playing during the credits is the Overture of The Barber of Seville by Gioachino Rossini, with The Beatles adding their own laughing and comments.'] ['After finding gold in Alaska, George Pratt  sends partner Sam McCord  to Seattle to bring back his fiancée, a French girl whom Sam has never met. Finding there that George\'s girl has already married another man, Sam brings back prostitute "Angel"  as a substitute. There is a misunderstanding: she thinks Sam wants her for himself and begins to become enamored with him during the boat trip to Alaska, during which he treats her like a respectable lady. An angry George rejects the girl outright, though his younger brother Billy ([[Fabian  is definitely interested. Meanwhile, con man and saloon owner Frankie Cannon  tries to steal their gold claim. In time, George takes a liking to Angel and is willing to marry her. But once he realizes that she has fallen for his partner, he does everything in his power to coax Sam into admitting that he, too, is in love. Meanwhile, the men discovered Cannon\'s scam after he convinced his illiterate janitor, so they try to reclaim their right in the court. The story concludes with an all-out brawl in the town\'s muddy streets. Angel decides to leave but the guys convince her to stay.'] ["As airman Adrien Dufourquet embarks on an 8-day leave in Paris to see his fiancée, Agnès, two South American Indians steal an Amazon statuette from a museum and force Professor Catalan, the curator, into their car. Catalan was Agnes' father's companion on an Amazon expedition during which her father died. Catalan believes that the statuette is one of three which hold the secret to an Amazon treasure. Adrien arrives in time to see the Indians abducting Agnès, the only one who knows the location of the other statuettes, and he pursues them to the airport where he steals a ticket and boards the same plane. Adrien tells the pilot that his fiancée has been abducted, but Agnès has been drugged and does not recognize him. The pilot plans to have Adrien arrested when they reach Rio de Janeiro, but Adrien eludes the police upon arrival. With the help of Sir Winston, a Brazilian bootblack, Adrien rescues Agnès. They retrieve the first statuette, but the Indians steal it back again. In Sir Winston's car, Agnès and Adrien drive to Brasília to meet Señor De Castro, a wealthy industrialist who possesses the third statuette. On the way, they come across the Indians' car with Catalan slumped inside; after picking him up, they drive on to Brasília. At a party in their honor, De Castro takes Catalan to his strong room to assure him of the statuette's safety, and Catalan, who planned the museum theft, murders him and steals the statuette. By the time Adrien discovers the body, Catalan and the Indians have abducted Agnès again and escaped in a seaplane. Adrien steals a plane and follows. In a floating jungle cafe run by Lola, the woman who financed Catalan, Adrien learns that Catalan murdered Agnes' father and that Agnès is being held in a boat. Rushing to the boat, Adrien hangs onto the side as it heads upstream and finally docks. While Catalan goes to the underground location of the treasure, Adrien kills all of Catalan's accomplices and rescues Agnès. Catalan finds the treasure, but an explosion set off by a nearby demolition crew causes him to be buried with it. Adrien and Agnès flee the jungle and arrive in Paris in time for Adrien to catch his train back to camp."] ['The film continues directly where The Adventures of Barry McKenzie ended with Barry McKenzie  and his aunt Dame Edna returning home to Australia from England. During the flight two henchmen of Count Plasma   mistake Dame Edna for the Queen of England and kidnap her during their brief stopover in Paris, believing that she will draw tourists to their country. It is then up to Barry, his identical twin brother the Reverend Kevin McKenzie, his Parisian expatriate Aussie friend "Col the Frog"  and his other expatriate mates in France and England to head a team of Australian agents to be parachuted into Transylvania and rescue Edna. Barry and Edna return home to Australia and are greeted by Gough Whitlam and his wife. Whitlam mades Edna a Dame.'] ['In 1957, World War II veteran Indiana Jones and his partner George "Mac" McHale are kidnapped by a group of Soviet agents led by Colonel Dr. Irina Spalko. The Soviets infiltrate a warehouse labeled "Warehouse 51" in Nevada and force Jones to find a crate containing the remains of an extraterrestrial that crashed ten years earlier near Roswell, New Mexico. After finding the crate, with its highly magnetic contents, Mac, bribed by the Soviets, double-crosses Jones. After a running battle with the Soviets, Indiana manages to escape on a rocket sled into the desert; he stumbles into a deserted town, part of a nuclear test site and survives a nuclear detonation by hiding in a lead-lined refrigerator. He is later debriefed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, who believe he\'s also working for the Soviets. Shortly after returning to Marshall College, Jones is offered an indefinite leave of absence to avoid being fired because of the incident. At a train station, Jones is stopped by greaser Henry "Mutt" Williams, who tells him that his old colleague Harold Oxley was kidnapped after discovering a crystal skull in Peru. Jones tells Mutt about the legend of crystal skulls found in the mystical city of Akator and whoever returns the skull to the city would be given control over its supernatural powers. Mutt gives Jones a letter from his mother, who is also being held captive, containing a riddle written by Oxley in an ancient Native American language. This leads them to the Nazca Lines in Peru. There they discover that Oxley was in a psychiatric hospital, after suffering a mental breakdown from handling the skull, and was kidnapped from his cell by the Soviets. In Oxley\'s cell, they find clues that lead them to the grave of Francisco de Orellana, a Conquistador who went missing in the 16th century while searching for Akator. They discover the skull at the grave, with Jones reasoning that Oxley had hidden it there. Shortly afterward, Jones and Mutt are captured by the Soviets and taken to their camp, where they find Oxley and Mutt\'s mother, who turns out to be Jones\' old love Marion Ravenwood, who reveals that Mutt is Jones\' son, Henry Jones III. Spalko believes that the crystal skull belongs to an interdimensional being and holds great psychic power, and proves her theory by showing that the corpse stolen from the warehouse has an identically shaped skull. She also believes that returning the skull to Akator will grant the Soviets the advantage of psychic warfare. Jones, Marion, Mutt and Oxley escape from the Soviets into the Amazon; however, they are recaptured after Jones and Marion fall into quicksand and Oxley fetches the Soviets to "help". While being taken through the rainforest to Akator the next day, Marion and Indy argue so much that their guard Dovchenko gags Marion. However, Jones and Mutt manage to overpower him, after Jones frees himself with Mutt\'s hidden knife. He ungags Marion, then Mutt frees her while Jones takes over the truck, leading to a jungle chase resulting in many losses, then stopping in an area full of giant ants that kill a soldier and Dovchenko. The group escapes and makes it to the city, but only after evading the Soviets and negotiating three waterfalls in a duck and narrowly avoiding being killed by a tribe guarding the long-abandoned city. Mac, who again switched allegiances and claims to be a double agent, has been secretly leaving a trail for the Soviets to follow. Inside the central temple, they find artifacts from several ancient civilizations. Jones deduces that the creatures were kindred spirits; they too were "archaeologists" studying the different cultures of Earth. The five enter a chamber containing the crystal skeletons of thirteen alien beings seated in a circle, with one missing its skull. After the Soviets arrive, Spalko replaces the skull. The aliens communicate to the group through Oxley using an ancient dialect and promises to reward them with a "big gift"; Spalko demands to "know everything". The skeletons grant her request and transfer their collective knowledge into her mind. At the same time they activate a portal to another dimension. Jones, Marion, Mutt and the now restored Oxley escape the temple, but Mac and the other Soviets are sucked into the portal. Meanwhile, the skeletons combine to form a single living being and the knowledge transfer overwhelms Spalko, causing her to disintegrate; her dust is then drawn into the portal. The survivors watch as the temple walls crumble, revealing a massive flying saucer slowly rising from the debris; it hovers for a second before disappearing into the "space between spaces". Sometime later, Jones is reinstated at Marshall College and made an associate dean. He and Marion are then married in a church.'] ['Steve Case  has to deal with trouble at his tropical fruit company\'s Central American banana plantation. A revolutionary, Rosario La Mata , is stirring up unrest among the workers, and the only man who can handle the situation, foreman Nick Butler , has just quit. Steve manages to persuade Nick to stick around . Adding to the complications is Lee Donley , a woman whom Steve has ordered out of the region for causing a different kind of trouble among the men. The film borrowed plot elements from \'The Front Page\' and \'Red Dust\'. And ended with Cagney saying to Sheridan "You and that 14-carat oomph", a studio \'in-joke\' in reference to Sheridan\'s title as the \'Oomph Girl\'.'] ['In Edwardian England, camp ornithologist Professor Inigo Tinkle  tells a less-than-raptured audience about his most recent ornithology expedition to the darkest, most barren regions of the African wilds in search for the legendary Oozlum bird, which is said to fly in ever decreasing circles until it disappears up its own rear end. Financing the expedition is Lady Evelyn Bagley  and the team are led by the fearless  Bill Boosey  and his slow-witted African guide Upsidaisi . Also on the expedition is Tinkle\'s idiotic assistant, Claude Chumley  and June , Lady Bagley\'s beautiful but unappreciated maidservant. The journey does not get off to a good start, with a mad gorilla terrorizing the campsite and the travellers\' realising they have ventured into the territory of the bloodthirsty "Noshas", a tribe of feared cannibals. On the first night of the expedition, at dinner Lady Bagley reveals that she has embarked on the journey to find her long-lost husband and baby son who vanished twenty years ago on their delayed honeymoon, whilst out on a walk. Her husband is believed to have been eaten by a crocodile, but she hopes to find her baby son, Cecil\'s, nappy pin as something to remember him by. What the group do not know is watching them from the bushes is named Ug , the bungling yet compassionate Tarzan-like jungle dweller that wears a loincloth and sandals. Ug has never before seen any other white people, especially a woman. The next day, June stumbles across a beautiful oasis where she saves Ug from drowning and the two begin to fall in love. That night, Ug wanders into camp and encounters Lady Bagley in her tent  and she is astonished to see that Ug is wearing Cecil\'s nappy pin, and that Ug is in fact her lost son Cecil. But before they can be reunited, Ug flees in fear and Lady Bagley faints with shock. The next day, the travelers are kidnapped by the Noshas, but manage to bribe their way out of being cannibalized by giving the tribal witch doctor Tinkle\'s pocket watch. Tinkle however delays and promises the witch doctor that their gods will bestow a sign of thanks upon them. Intending rescue, Ug accidentally catapults himself into the Nosha camp and starts a fire. In the chaos, Ug, June and Upsidaisi manage to escape but the enraged Noshas apprehend the other travelers and prepare to kill them. As they wait to be put to death, they are suddenly rescued by the all-female Lubby-Dubby tribe led by the stunning Leda  from the Lost World of Aphrodisia. They are taken to Aphrodisia and meet the king of the tribe Tonka who turns out to be Lady Bagley\'s missing husband Walter Bagley ([[Charles Hawtrey  who was taken by the Noshas years ago, but saved and brought to Aphrodisia by the tribal women. Evelyn Bagley is infuriated that he never bothered to search for their missing son and laments she has seen him but has once again lost him. June and Ug are revealed to be living happily together and June is teaching Ug to speak English. Bill Boosey, Prof. Tinkle and Chumley enjoy the attention given to them by the tribal women, and Tinkle and Chumley are stunned to find that their elusive Oozlum Bird is in fact a sacred animal to the Lubby-Dubby females. It transpires that the Lubby-Dubbies need the menfolk to save themselves from extinction, as no males have been born in Aphrodisia for over a century. The men think their dreams have come true....until Leda makes it clear that the Lubby-Dubby women have no intention of letting them go. Tonka implies that the last man who tried to escape Aphrodisia was murdered by the tribe. Three months pass and the men now hate the pressures forced on them by Leda, who in turn is outraged that none of the men\'s "mates" have gotten pregnant. She overthrows Tonka and assumes his place, threatening harm to the men. However Upsidaisi arrives disguised as a woman and says he has brought soldiers to save them. Ug and June also search for their friends and Ug summons a stampede of animals to create chaos and enable the men to get away. During the confusing, Tinkle snatches the Oozlum Bird and the team escape along with Tonka. After the chaos, Leda and her army chase after the men, but are more interested in the trampled soldiers. She says to let the others go not needing them now that they have "some real men." Lady Bagley is reunited with her beloved son and the group return to England. Tinkle unveils his Oozlum Bird to his audience....only to find it vanished up inside itself. June and Ug are happily married with a baby, and live in a treehouse in the suburb whilst Ug goes to work in only a bowler hat and suit.'] ['1964 saw the cancellation of The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show and life became rather miserable and melancholy for Rocket "Rocky" J. Squirrel and Bullwinkle J. Moose. Their home, Frostbite Falls, has been destroyed in deforestation, Rocky has lost his ability to fly, and the show\'s unseen Narrator lives with his mother, spending his time narrating everything that she does. Bullwinkle and Rocky head out to address the President of the United States regarding their situation, but are stopped for six months by red tape. Meanwhile, their enemies, Fearless Leader, Boris Badenov, and Natasha Fatale lose power over Pottsylvania and dig to a Hollywood film studio where they convince Minnie Mogul, an executive, to sign a contract giving her rights to the show, and the villains are transformed from their two-dimensional cel animation origins, and become live-action characters. FBI agent Karen Sympathy and her boss, Cappy von Trapment inform President Signoff that Fearless Leader intends to make himself the President by brainwashing the American public with his cable television network, "RBTV" or "Really Bad Television". Karen is sent to a special lighthouse to bring Rocky and Bullwinkle to the real world. She succeeds, the Narrator being brought along as well but never being physically seen. Fearless Leader is informed of Rocky and Bullwinkle\'s return and sends Boris and Natasha to destroy them. The two take a laptop with them called the CDI  which can specifically destroy CGI-animated cartoon characters, and send them to the Internet. Karen manages to steal their truck after they drive her car off a cliff, but she is then arrested by the Oklahoma state police when Natasha claims to be Karen. Natasha and Boris steal a helicopter to pursue Rocky and Bullwinkle. Rocky and Bullwinkle are given a ride by "Martin and Lewis",The name is an apparent play on the 1950s comedy duo of Martin and Lewis; Mitchell and Thompson were also a famous comedy duo in their own right. two students at Bullwinkle\'s old university, Wossamotta U. Boris and Natasha get there first, and make a large donation to the university in Bullwinkle\'s name. In return, the head of the university gives Bullwinkle an honorary "Mooster\'s Degree", and Bullwinkle addresses the student body, whilst Boris attempts to kill him with the CDI upon the water tower which they built in the park. Rocky recovers his lost ability to fly and saves the oblivious Bullwinkle. Martin and Lewis lend the two their car, but Bullwinkle goes on a wild ride through Chicago. Boris and Natasha once again attempt to kill the two but instead destroy their helicopter. Karen escapes prison with help from a lovestruck Swedish guard named Ole. Karen, Rocky, and Bullwinkle are reunited but then arrested and put on trial. However the presiding Judge Cameo dismisses their case upon recognizing Rocky and Bullwinkle. The three then obtain an old biplane from a man named Old Jeb, and escape Boris and Natasha again. Boris and Natasha consider quitting their evil occupations and getting married, but then Fearless Leader calls on the phone. Afraid to admit they failed, they lie to Fearless Leader that they killed Rocky and Bullwinkle. Meanwhile, the plane the heroes fly in is unable to fly with all three aboard. Rocky flies Karen to New York City to stop Fearless Leader, while Bullwinkle flies the plane to Washington, D.C. and lands at the White House. The villains capture Karen and Rocky, whilst Cappy faxes Bullwinkle to RBTV\'s headquarters to free them. A battle follows, with the heroes winning and convincing the American public to vote for whoever they want but to replant Frostbite Falls\' trees. Bullwinkle fiddles with the CDI and inadvertently zaps the villains back to their two-dimensional cartoon forms, and ultimately to the internet. At the film\'s end, RBTV becomes "Rocky and Bullwinkle Television" and Karen dates Ole to see the Rocky and Bullwinkle movie. Returning to Frostbite Falls, the narrator reunites with his mother, the trees are replanted, and Rocky ends the movie by flying in the air leaving "The End" in steam. Rocky and Bullwinkle also wave goodbye to the audience.'] ['A series of mysterious lightning storms are wreaking havoc worldwide as they spiral through the atmosphere toward Greenland. Once they collide, they will create one massive storm that will result in cataclysmic destruction. The Rescue Heroes use their new Mission Select equipment to contain the disasters all over the world caused by these strange storms. But Billy Blazes is poisoned on a mission and getting weaker by the moment, and Rocky Canyon is grounded for insubordination, therefore making the team short-handed. The Rescue Heroes face their biggest challenge yet, since they must find a cure to save Billy and solve the mystery of the storms in order to save the world in time.'] ["Thomas  and David  are cousins who run a fast food van in Barcelona. The food is delivered by Thomas, who rushes around the square on a skateboard. After fending off a biker gang they continue business as normal. They go and visit David's father who is in a mental institution and bump into Sylvia who is the daughter of David's father's girl friend. Thomas encourages David to try to ask her out on a date and chickens out of this making the excuse she would have said no anyway. Cut to the van serving food late at night where Thomas inadvertently bumps into Sylvia who is pretending to be a prostitute. But Sylvia  is actually a pickpocket and she robs a man in a bed room and runs away to their fast food van. Both Thomas and David are enamoured by her. But after allowing her to stay in their apartment that night, they wake to find Sylvia and their money gone. The next day, they bump into Moby , a bumbling private investigator who is also tracking Sylvia. They later discovered that Sylvia is the heir to a sizeable inheritance that a criminal gang is trying to steal from her. When she is kidnapped, Thomas, David, and Moby team up to save her, infiltrating the villains' castle and defeating them in a martial arts battle."] ["In Central City, siblings Andi  and Bruce  defraud a pawn shop owner to raise money to feed their Jack Russel Terrier, Friday. Soon afterwards, the pawn shop owner approaches them with a police officer, pointing Andi out as the culprit. As she tries to talk her way out of trouble, Bruce's backpack falls and its contents spill out, revealing his scamming supplies. They then are arrested and taken to the local police station, where their social worker, Bernie, sternly scolds them and says that they may be separated the next time they do so because they keep changing from their previous foster homes to another. Bernie then takes them home to their foster parents, aspiring rock stars Lois and Carl Scudder. The two are angry that the children have missed dinner  and Bernie takes responsibility. Andi and Bruce are sent to their room for the night, where they have hidden Friday from their guardians. In the morning, Friday wanders out of the room into the apartment and is almost seen by Lois. The kids attempt to get him back into their room, trying to hide what they are doing, and eventually do so without Lois realizing what is going on. Once back in the room, however, Friday uses a homemade elevator, designed and built by Bruce, to leave the apartment through the window and is picked up by animal control. Andi and Bruce are desperate to find Friday and scour the area looking for him. They enter a pet store and ask the manager, Dave, and employee Heather, whether they have seen Friday. Neither of them has, but they suggest visiting the local pound to see if he is there. At the pound, Andi and Bruce discover Friday is indeed there, but must bribe one of the officers to get him released. On the way home, they encounter a burglary in progress at a store and as the police arrive they flee to a nearby abandoned hotel to avoid being pointed as the culprits. Friday then gets away from them again and they search the building to find him. As they do, they hear strange noises, which they discover to be a brindle English Mastiff and a French Bulldog puppy that have taken shelter inside the hotel. With them is Friday, and Andi and Bruce decide to leave him in the hotel for the night and return home. The next day, the two kids steal from the refrigerator to take to the hungry dogs. At the hotel, they find that the mastiff was howling because the shades had been drawn. The kids return to the pet store to get more food, and lie to Dave, claiming that their parents are dog rescuers. Heather follows them back to the hotel and announces that she wants to help. They are later joined by another kid, Mark, who has a crush on Heather. Bruce builds a number of contraptions to keep the dogs fed and entertained while they are alone in the hotel. They decide to take in all the stray dogs they can find. Bruce begins to name all of the dogs and keep track of them in an old hotel guest registry. Andi sneaks out of the apartment and goes to a party she was invited to attend. However, she is recognized by Dave's best friend, Jason who tells Dave and Heather that she is actually a foster child. Upset, she runs from the party to the hotel, where the dogs are running wild. The police come to the hotel, arresting the kids for animal theft and taking the dogs to the pound. Bernie and his wife, Carol, tell them that there is nothing more they can do. The dogs are scheduled to be euthanized and Andi and Bruce are sent to separate foster homes. Meanwhile, in the animal control station, Friday escapes from his leash and runs to Dave. They pick up Andi and Bruce, sneak into the pound, and release the dogs, attempting to lead them to the truck with some sausages, but the dogs go to the hotel which Bruce realizes is because it's their home. As they pass the hotel, however, the dogs run inside and a standoff ensues with the police and an animal control member tells the police to arrest Andi, Bruce, Dave, and Heather. Bernie gives an emotional speech about the dogs' never-losing hope after their negligence from their human owners, causing the media and some of the police to look at what the kids have done to the hotel to see about the dogs staying there. Exasperated with no dog-catching action, the animal control workers run off outside. Bernie and Carol end up adopting Andi and Bruce themselves and love dogs so they have no problem with the kids keeping Friday. In the meantime, Andi and Dave start dating and Mark finally impresses Heather and she kisses him on the cheek. Pressured by the media at the scene, the police are persuaded to allow the dogs to remain at the hotel, which is eventually restored as a community-funded, full-fledged canine retreat where the kids and even some of the dogs work. The new hotel is like a real hotel with restaurants, entertainment, a salon, adoption, bellboys, rooms, massage and more. Andi and Bruce's former foster parents, Carl and Lois, are part of the entertainment, but perform so terribly that even the dogs get bored of them."] ["The time is the 1890s, and the place is San Francisco. George Ball  and Tom Watson  are firemen who rescue 'Nugget' Joe McDermott  from committing suicide by drowning. Joe wants to die because his girlfriend, Rosette  no longer loves him. The boys keep an eye on him and Joe is thankful for it after receiving a telegram the next morning from Rosette claiming that she still loves him. George and Tom take their gold reward to the bank when they learn the police mistakenly believe Joe was murdered for his gold that night by the two men who actually rescued. They catch up to Joe on his boat for the Yukon and try to get him down to the police station only to see the ship depart San Francisco with all three of them on it. Joe returns to Alaska, with George and Tom anxious to get him back to San Francisco to clear their names. Once they arrive, it is learned that many people want to kill Joe, as he was once the local sheriff who had many people hanged. They also find that a group of Joe's old friends also want him dead as they are the beneficiaries of his will. Rosette works at a casino whose owner, Jake Stillman , demands that she marry Joe, whom Jake also plans to kill once he is married to Rosette, so that he can gain the fortune in gold. Rosette reveals Jake's intent to George and Tom, who hide Joe and Rosette by sending them out of town. Jake is not happy about this turn of events and sends his gang to deal with George and Tom, who manage to outwit them. In the ensuing melee, the gold falls into a deep crevice in the ice, and is lost. Everyone manages to overcome their greed for the sake of friendship, and Joe and Rosette marry."] ['While the Royal Australian Navy evacuates Salamaua in February 1942Established by the mention of the surrender of Singapore ahead of a Japanese invasion, Commander Frank Houghton  coerces old friend, American beachcomber Walter Eckland , into becoming a coast-watcher for the Allies. Houghton takes Eckland, who is uninterested in anything other than fishing and drinking, to deserted Matalava Island to watch for Japanese planes. Houghton rewards Eckland\'s sightings with directions to one of the whisky bottles hidden around the island, once coast-watchers on other islands confirm it. To ensure Eckland remains on duty Houghton\'s naval vessel "accidentally" hits his boat, leaving a large hole in its hull. Houghton finds a replacement watcher, but Eckland has to retrieve him from nearby Bundy Island. He unexpectedly finds Frenchwoman Catherine Freneau  and seven young schoolgirls under her care stranded there. She informs him that the man he came for was killed in an air raid, and Eckland reluctantly takes them back to Matalava with him. There is no way to evacuate them safely. At first, Houghton promises them a parachute drop with more supplies, but there is too much enemy activity in the area to accomplish it safely. The fastidious Freneau and the slovenly and uncouth Eckland\'s personalities clash; they call each other "Miss Goody Two Shoes" and "a rude, foul-mouthed, drunken, filthy beast". He adjusts to her and her girls, however, and cares for her through what they mistakenly believe is a deadly snakebite. Freneau learns that Eckland had been a history professor before he fled civilization to the South Pacific. The "frustrated spinster" and the "undisciplined, self-indulgent escapist" fall in love and arrange to be married by a military chaplain over the radio. A Japanese airplane interrupts the ceremony. Since they have been detected Houghton sends an American submarine to pick them up, but an enemy patrol boat shows up at the same time. Eckland takes his boat out to lure the Japanese vessel out beyond a reef so the submarine can torpedo it. His boat is sunk, but Eckland survives and the submarine safely evacuates everyone.'] ['Philo Beddoe is a truck driver living in the San Fernando Valley. He lives in a small house, with an orangutan named Clyde, behind that of his friend Orville Boggs and his mother. Philo makes money on the side as a bare-knuckle fighter; he is often compared to a legendary fighter named Tank Murdock. One night Philo becomes smitten with Lynn Halsey-Taylor, an aspiring country music singer he meets at the Palomino Club, a local honky-tonk. His relationship with her seems to be going well until one day she and her camper disappear from the trailer park. Believing that he is falling for her, Philo decides to set off for Lynn\'s home in Denver, Colorado. Along the way, he has a run-in with a motorcycle gang called "The Black Widows", who incur Philo\'s wrath after two gang members insult him and Clyde at a traffic light. Philo chases them down and takes their bikes , and every attempt they make to get even results in disaster. Philo also incurs the wrath of a local sheriff, with whom he gets into a fight at the Palomino. Both the sheriff and the Widows learn of Philo\'s trip to Colorado and head off to find him. Orville and Clyde accompany Philo to Denver, and on the way, they meet a woman named Echo who becomes Orville\'s girlfriend. They earn money along the way by booking fights for Philo. After a fight in a slaughterhouse, the man holding the money tries to stiff Philo. Echo fires two shots from a .38, and the man hands over the money. Knowing that Philo has come to look for her, Lynn helps the Black Widows lure him into a trap. Philo sees Lynn and attempts to talk to her, but finds himself surrounded by the Widows. He manages to fight most of them until Orville intervenes. Using a garbage truck with a dumpster hoist, he dumps all the motorcycles into the back of the truck. The Widows charge the garbage truck, but Orville gets away. Philo, Echo, and Orville then escape. Philo finally finds Lynn and she reveals her true nature to him. Hurt by her callousness, Philo says that he is the only one dumb enough to want to take her further than her bed. Lynn erupts in a fit of rage, striking him repeatedly until she collapses in tears. Orville learns that Tank Murdock, based in the area, is ready to retire after one more fight. Orville makes the arrangements, and Philo faces his elderly nemesis. During the fight, the crowd, initially pro-Murdock, begins to insult him, with some murmurs that Philo is going to be the next Murdock. Philo lets his guard down, intentionally giving Murdock a clear shot, knocking Philo down for the count. Murdock, having regained the crowd\'s esteem, is allowed to retire undefeated. Clyde, Orville and Echo head home the next day.'] ["A fashion photographer, Ben Morris, goes to a remote South America location to take pictures of model Alison Duquesne for a lipstick ad. An adventurer they encounter, Sammy Ryderbelt, steals their helicopter and leaves them stranded in the jungle. When the three are reunited, they discover a treasure map on the corpse of the late Captain Stopes and the three team up to find it. They are joined by Crowley, a clever Australian who claims to be Stopes' former partner. Crowley steals everyone's supplies and mules and takes off, but he is hunted down by Ryderbelt and killed. The remaining three make it to the diamond mine, only to find that a South American bandit leader, Raul Ortega, has beaten them to it. A battle leads to Ortega being seized and his men killed. Ryderbelt makes off with the helicopter and diamonds before anyone can stop him. Local law officials are satisfied to have the long-wanted Ortega in custody at last. In an unexpected twist, Ben reveals he is not just a photographer but a U.S. government agent. He sets out after Ryderbelt and the loot."] ['Lakhan Singh , also called "Lucky," is the "kinng" of the Australian underworld, and being a sikh, is the first "Singh Is Kinng" of the film\'s title. He is accompanied by his sikh mafia associates, Julie , Mika , Pankaj Udaas , Raftaar , Dilbaugh Singh  and Guruji Gurbaksh Singh . In a small village in Punjab, the birthplace of Lucky, lives another Sikh man more notorious than Lucky himself—Happy Singh . Happy has caused many problems and disastrous situations in the village, and the villagers are fed up with him. They decide to send Happy on a long trip to Australia with his friend Rangeela  to bring Lucky back to Punjab, which will keep Happy out of the village for some time and bring peace to the village. But at the airport, Happy\'s and Rangeela\'s tickets to Australia are accidentally exchanged with that of a man named Puneet  who was hoping to use them to fly to Egypt. In Egypt, Happy helps Sonia  and falls deeply in love with her. But he does not express his love to her. Leaving her behind, he heads to Australia to meet Lucky. Lucky refuses to return to his hometown and throws Happy and Rangeela out of his house. Penniless, Happy finds warmth and affection in an elderly sikh lady  who provides him with food in spite of being a stranger. Lucky winds up in hospital, paralyzed, after a series of violent incidents that Happy causes.  Happy unexpectedly receives the title of Kinng—thereby becoming the other "Singh Is Kinng" of the film\'s title. Alas, Happy is not proud of his rank and is kind-hearted. The lady who helped Happy is really worried and depressed as her daughter is returning from Egypt with her wealthy boyfriend, Puneet. The daughter does not know that after the death of her father years ago, her mother became poverty-stricken and was reduced to work as a flower seller. Happy gives the flower-seller Lucky\'s spacious house and makes all his mafia associates work under her. The lady\'s daughter arrives—and to Happy\'s horror, she is none other than Sonia. Happy, heart-broken, is forced to make a show of happiness to Sonia. Puneet says that he too would have had a good time with Happy and Sonia in Egypt had his ticket to Egypt not been exchanged in the airport, because of which he had ended up in Australia. Puneet had always been jealous of Sonia being with Happy. However, he doubts anything is going on between them. He and Sonia squabble about this topic; it is Happy who handles it. Meanwhile, after spending so much time with the kindhearted Happy, most of Lucky\'s gang members find themselves reformed and decide to become good. In spite of herself, Sonia falls in love with Happy—and the truth becomes difficult to hide. Sonia becomes aware of her poverty. Puneet sets his heart to marry Sonia. Sonia gets trapped in an emotional tug-of-war between Puneet, who loves her, and Happy, whom she loves. Puneet meets Mika, who is also the brother of the Kinng, and who agrees to kill Happy. Puneet\'s motives to kill Happy, however, differ from Mika\'s: Puneet wants to kill Happy to keep Sonia away from him, whereas Mika wants to kill Happy to make himself Kinng. The wedding day dawns and there is firing . Puneet hides while the pandit chants the mantras, his head totally covered by a pot, amidst gunfire all around. Meanwhile Happy takes Sonia\'s hand in order to save her and unknowingly both run around the fire seven times essentially getting married.  Suddenly, Mika turns up on the spot, ready to kill Happy, armed with a gang and his new special glasses and hearing aid. As he is about to shoot, Lucky steps up and stops him. Then a dialogue ensues between Mika, Happy, Lucky and the associates of the kinng . Then Happy tells him that being the "king" is no great thing and explains him the characteristics of a true Sikh. Lucky confesses that he always found sadness being Kinng, because a true king does not fight for himself, but for others. Overcome with remorse, Mika drops his revolver. The movie ends happily, with Happy and Sonia\'s marriage.'] ['The movie opens in the tiny country of Pottsylvania, located between the countries WrestleMania and Yoursovania, where Fearless Leader concocts a plan to obtain a time-reversal microchip, invented by Professor Anton Paulovitch. He asks his top agent, Agent X , to do the assignment, but Agent X suggests they send some patsies to find Paulovitch. Boris Badenov and Natasha Fatale accept their assignment to find the Professor, and are told to go to defect to America. After a number of failed attempts to get there , they make it to America, where they are sent to the CIA. The head of the CIA, Sheldon Kaufman, decides to have tests run on them to see if they are truly defecting. After the test, it\'s obvious to everyone that they should be deported, but a CIA worker, Willie, points out they hadn\'t had any defects in awhile, and thinks they should play along and in the meantime spy on them to see what they are after. Boris and Natasha are given an apartment and money, while being watched from a distance by Agent X, who himself is being followed by a mysterious figure. Boris and Natasha have to meet with a secret assassin named Kalishak, who supposedly knows who they should seek, but first have to deal with their next-door neighbors, Toots and Harve, who are very interested in knowing about them. Toots assumes Boris and Natasha are a couple, and when Natasha denies it, Toots figures she\'s wrong. Natahsa, who has become a little fascinated with America, also learns from Toots that American couples usually help each other, something Boris and Natasha do not. They find Kalishak, who denies that he knows anything about the professor. After accepting a bribe, Kalishak acts as a shoe-shine boy and tells Boris "Search your sole", which Boris doesn\'t understand. After they leave, one of Kalishak\'s potatoes is replaced with a bomb, killing Kalishak. Natasha later sees information written on the sole of Boris\' shoe, telling them to find "Minelli". Disguised as rug cleaners, they go to the location written on the shoe, where they learn that the "Minelli" they\'re looking for is Sal Minelli, a photographer whose photos hang on the walls, but does not actually work in that location. Natasha then gets an offer for a photo shoot and a party for it, which Boris figures will be a good opportunity to meet Sal Minelli. To pass the time before the party they go shopping at a mall, but the next day Natasha returns, going shopping with Toots, behind Boris\' back. She learns that Toots doesn\'t need Harve\'s permission to do things, and learns more about their married life. Boris says a code phrase to many photographers, to no avail, before not being allowed in, but Natasha soon hits celebrity status. Boris gets annoyed at Natasha for acting like such a celebrity, especially since Fearless Leader had ordered them to keep a low profile. But Natasha remembers what Toots had told her, and points out that she\'s been responsible for Boris\' success, before leaving for a party. Boris starts to feel bad about their argument, while at the party Natasha keeps seeing Boris. She leaves the party, and finds Boris sleeping outside. Sal Minelli calls their home and arranges a photo session with Natasha. It turns out Minelli is a spy as well as a photographer, andthey are being spied on by Kaufman, Agent X, and the man who had been following Agent X. He informs her that Fearless Leader had sent them as patsies and that they\'ll be killed when they find the professor. Just when he\'s about to tell her the name of Agent X, Agent X kills Minelli. Boris, disguised as a cop, finds out that Agent X is actually Willie. Back at their apartment, Boris realises that they can trust nobody but themselves, and have to leave. They leave right as an assassination attempt on them occurs. Disguised as overweight Irishmen, they stay at a hotel, where they find Willie dead, and also find that he had an 11:30 train schedule. They leave with Willie, intent on hiding his body, but they encounter Harve and Toots attending a party at the hotel, and they get convinced Willie has had too many drinks. Boris and Natasha eventually send Willie\'s body down a laundry chute, only to remember that they had left the train schedule at the hotel room. When they get back, they see Paulovitch, whose revealed to the audience to be the one who had been following Agent X. He asks that they discuss the chip, which Boris and Natasha still know nothing about, but then they get a knock at the door. It\'s Toots and Harve, who found Willie\'s body and decided to return him to them. When questioned about being at a hotel when they have an apartment, they claim that they are there for relationship counseling. Once Toots and Harve are gone, they find Paulovitch missing, along with the train schedule. They chase after Paulovitch, eventually catching a taxi, where they see Paulovitch and question him, who claims he doesn\'t know what they are talking about. Boris then discovers lit dynamite in the taxi, and that the driver is actually a dummy. The car explodes, but then the explosion reverses. After a few explosions and reverses, they jump out of the taxi. Paulovitch tells them about the time-reversing chip and reveals that that was his first life-and-death experiment with it. He tells them about the chip, and that his evil twin brother Kreeger is also after it. Boris and Natasha become convinced to help make sure it doesn\'t fall into the wrong hands, but Anton\'s talking lasted so long they all fell asleep. Anton Paulovitch gets kidnapped, but Boris and Natasha find a penny, which they instantly see as a clue. They go to Mt. Rushmore, where they notice a latter going into Lincoln\'s nose. There, they find Anton Paulovitch\'s secret laboratory. They discover millions of time-reverse microchips, and also find Anton tied up. He tells them he was kidnapped by Kreeger, but then they learn that he is in fact Kreeger, while Anton is tied up. They learn that once Anton realised the microchip could be a bad thing if in the wrong hands, he tried to destroy it, only for its effect to protect it from destruction, so he had them mass-produced, with the intention of sending them to every country, potentially ending wars. Kaufman comes in, but reveals that he\'s not actually working for the government, but the auto industry and insurance companies, and knows that the chip could put an end to his business. Harve and Toots then show up with guns, but it\'s revealed that they are secretly Agents Moose and Squirrel. Fearless Leader shows up and takes over, taking the pile of microchips. After Natasha manages to make the power temporarily go out, a fight ensues, then many of them point guns at each other. Boris takes out a stick of dynamite, which he was "saving for a rainy day", and throws it at the pile of microchips, which sends them back to the very beginning of the movie. They are surprised to see Anton Paulovitch with them, when he wasn\'t there at the beginning, but Anton guesses that there was an overload. Knowing what will happen, Boris realises that Fearless Leader must know what will happen as well, so Boris decides for them to go to Tahiti . When Anton Paulovitch realises that he hadn\'t been properly introduced to them, Boris introduces Natasha as his girlfriend. The narrarator wonders aloud if they really are safe from the danger they had avoided by going to Tahiti, asking all kinds of questions, before Boris tells him to shut up. The narrarator then tells viewers to tune in to their next episode, "Goodbye Mr. Chips, or The Megabytes Back!"'] ["The story begins with Cousin Eddie at his latest workplace, a nuclear facility where he 'works' alongside a monkey. When the monkey outperforms him in every test , the decision is made to fire him. Upon finding out the news, the two get into an argument which results in the monkey biting him. With Christmas approaching, Eddie is worried about what this job loss will mean for him and his family and he decides to talk to his former boss. Although the thought never occurs to him, the nuclear company is convinced that he will sue. As a preemptive countermeasure, they offer him and his family  a free vacation to an island in the South Pacific. While on holiday they take a trip on a boat, while Eddie attempts to catch a shark, they get lost and eventually shipwrecked on an isolated island. Eventually Eddie is able to prove himself a man by providing for his family and they all celebrate Christmas together on the island. Shortly after, they are rescued."] ["In Paris, a girl by the name of Maureen Winston  is abducted by two evil-looking men. While her family prays for her safe return, Maureen's father heaps guilt on her sister Margaret , since she convinced her to go see the world. However, Margaret's grandfather ([[Leon Ames  has an idea: call for Jake Speed  to go and rescue her. However, there is one problem: Jake Speed is a character in a series of 40's-style pulp fiction novels. However, Jake Speed does exist, as Margaret finds out when he leaves a note for her to meet him and his sidekick, Desmond Floyd , in a tough Paris bar. The novels, as Margaret finds out, are based on Jake and Des's real life adventures, and they work for nothing, seeing action and excitement  as their reward. Jake reveals that Maureen was kidnapped by white slavers, and is being held in an African country. Jake, Des, and Margaret fly to the nation, which is in the middle of a civil war, in order to rescue her. Many twists and turns later, we find out that Jake's archenemy, the evil, perverted, murderous Englishman Sid , is behind the ring, and soon, Margaret becomes a part of it. Jake and Des must now rescue both Maureen and Margaret, stop Sid, and help the girls get out in one piece, while dealing with warring factions, pits of lions, and machine gun-firing helicopters."] ['{{Plot}} Ernest P. Worrell  has been fired from his job due to totaling a lady\'s car. He goes to a local restaurant and asks his crush, Rene Loomis  to go on a date with him. He is turned down by her because she wants to date somebody more adventurous. Ernest decided to buy her a gift to show that he really cares for her. He goes to a flea market where he buys 2 jewels unaware that they are the "Eyes of Igoli" stolen from the Sinkatutu tribe in Africa by a runaway man named Mr. Rabhas who is being chased by 2 henchmen of Prince Kazim. He is cornered by the men but rescued by a man named Thompson  and his strong African bodyguard, Bazu. Threatening to kill him if he doesn\'t tell so he can steal them himself, Rabhas reveals where he stashed the Eyes of Igoli. Thompson walks away and Bazu takes a bag of deadly snakes and dumps it on Rabhas, leaving him to die. Meanwhile, Ernest creates a yo-yo made of the Eyes of Igoli. He does his around-the-world and crashes his fish\'s tank. He puts him in the sink but he flows down the drain. Meanwhile, Thompson eventually finds out that Ernest took the Eyes of Igoli. He spies on him at the restaurant Rene works in. Ernest gives Rene the yo-yo only to be called a small-town ordinary schmoe by her. Meanwhile, the bad guys kidnap Rene and Ernest come to save her after a phone call. Thompson kidnaps him too when he gets there and puts them on a flight to Africa. After shutting Rene up in a room with Bazu, an old woman named Auntie Nelda comes in and explains to Bazu about how her husband died. She then throws ashes in his face and rescues Rene, knowing that it is Ernest. They escape in a golf cart and encounter many obstacles from getting simple firewood to Ernest disguising as a girl and getting kissed by the prince to striking down the bad guys with ostrich eggs. Meanwhile, Thompson and Bazu look for Ernest and Rene. They walk down the river and encounter the Sinkatutu tribe who wants to eat them for lunch. Ernest empties his pockets when they tell him to and yo-yos the yo-yo one last time impressing the tribe, especially the Sinkatutu chief. He does tricks which easily turns the tribe to like them. Just as soon as the Chief is about to give him a "booster surgery", Thompson comes along by himself. He had kicked Bazu out. He suddenly blames Ernest of stealing the eyes. Thompson requests a battle of truth. Ernest has to fight Thompson in order to save Rene from becoming cooked...literally! When Ernest hears the challenge he states "On second thought, I think I might have the booster." Thompson changes into a black warrior suit and pulls out his weapons. Ernest does the same, only his are little items. Yet, he successfully fights Thompson using them. All of a sudden, Thompson punches Ernest and knocks him out. But Ernest awakens and hears Rene calling him to use his yo-yo. Ernest puts his fighting skills and yo-yo skills together and he does an around the world which knocks Thompson out cold and breaks the Yo-yo to reveal the Eyes of Igoli. The tribe rushes toward them as Rene compliments Ernest on how he\'s her "Knight in Shining Armor". A few weeks later, Ernest and Rene are about to go on a date. Ernest even paints an Ostrich egg and gives it to her as a gift. Sadly, she tells Ernest that the date is off because he\'s too adventurous for her. Ernest tells Rene he recalls her calling him an ordinary Schmoe. Rene tells him not to let anyone call him an "ordinary Schmoe" because she thinks he is a dynamic schmoe. Ernest makes a speech on how he is bold and adventurous and then, in conclusion, puts on his hat heroically, forgetting he had set it on the table and put the ostrich egg in it! His only response is "Eeee-heh-hew! Ew! Ew!'] ['In 2805, Earth is covered in garbage due to decades of mass consumerism facilitated by the megacorporation Buy n Large. BnL evacuated Earth\'s population in fully automated starliners in 2105, leaving behind trash compactor Waste Allocation Load Lifter – Earth Class “WALL-E” robots to clean the planet, but they eventually stopped operating and Earth was left abandoned. One WALL-E unit has managed to remain active by repairing itself using parts from other broken units. It has also developed sentience, as with its regular duties it inquisitively collects artifacts of human civilization back to its storage truck home, has befriended a cockroach and enjoys listening to Hello, Dolly! One day, WALL-E discovers and collects a growing seedling plant. A spaceship later lands and deploys Extraterrestrial Vegetation Evaluator or “EVE”, an advanced robot sent from the BnL starliner Axiom to search for vegetation on Earth. Inspired by Hello, Dolly!, WALL-E falls in love with the initially cold and hostile EVE and wishes to join hands with her, who gradually softens and befriends him. When WALL-E brings EVE to his truck and showcases his collection, she finds the plant and automatically stores it, going into standby mode for retrieval from her ship. WALL-E spends time with EVE while she is on standby. He then clings to the hull of EVE\'s ship as it collects and returns her to the Axiom. On the Axiom, the ship\'s original human passengers and their descendants have suffered from severe bone loss and become morbidly obese after centuries of living in microgravity and relying on the ship\'s automated systems for most tasks. Captain B. McCrea, in charge of the ship, mostly leaves control to the robotic autopilot Auto. WALL-E follows EVE to the bridge of the Axiom, where the Captain learns that by putting the plant in the spaceship holo-detector and verifying Earth is habitable again, the Axiom will make a hyperjump back to Earth so the passengers can recolonize. However, Auto orders McCrea\'s robotic assistant GO-4 to steal the plant as part of its no return directive, secretly issued to autopilots after BnL incorrectly concluded in 2110 that the planet could not be saved and humanity should remain in space. With the plant missing, EVE is considered defective and taken to the repair ward along with WALL-E. WALL-E mistakes the process on EVE for torture and tries to save her, accidentally releasing a horde of malfunctioning robots, while the security systems then designate both WALL-E and EVE as rogue. Angry with WALL-E\'s disruptions, EVE brings him to the escape pod bay to send him home. There they witness GO-4 dispose of the missing plant by placing it inside a pod set to self-destruct. WALL-E enters the pod, which is then jettisoned into space, escaping with the plant before the pod explodes. Reconciling with EVE, they celebrate with a dance in space outside the Axiom. Meanwhile the Captain, learning from the ship\'s computer, becomes fascinated about life on Earth before its pollution and abandonment. The plant is brought to the captain, who surveys EVE\'s recordings of Earth and concludes that mankind must return to restore their home. However, Auto reveals his directive, staging a mutiny by tasering WALL-E, incapacitating EVE and confining the captain to his quarters. EVE realizes the only parts for repairing WALL-E are in his truck on Earth, so she helps him bring the plant to the holo-detector to activate the Axiom{{\'}}s hyperjump. Captain McCrea opens the holo-detector while fighting with Auto and causing chaos on the ship, but Auto partially crushes WALL-E by closing the holo-detector on him. After McCrea disables Auto and takes back control, EVE places the plant in the holo-detector, freeing the severely damaged WALL-E and setting the Axiom on the instant hyperjump to Earth. The human population finally lands back on Earth after hundreds of years. EVE brings WALL-E back to his home where she successfully repairs and reactivates him, but he reverts to his original programming as an unfeeling waste compactor. Heartbroken, EVE gives WALL-E a farewell kiss that jolts back WALL-E\'s memory and personality. WALL-E and EVE happily reunite as the humans and robots of the Axiom begin to restore Earth and its environment, shown through a series of artworks at the end.  *Ben Burtt produced the voice of WALL-E , the title character. WALL-E, a robot who has developed sentience, is the only robot of "his" kind shown to be still functioning on Earth. He is a small mobile compactor box with all-terrain treads, three-fingered shovel hands, binocular eyes, and retractable solar cells for power. He collects spare parts for himself, which becomes pivotal to the plot, and replaces broken and/or worn out parts on-the-fly by cannibalizing "dead" WALL-Es. Although working diligently to fulfill his directive to clean up the garbage  he is distracted by his curiosity, collecting trinkets of interest. He stores and displays these "treasures" such as a birdcage full of rubber ducks, a Rubik\'s Cube, Zippo lighters, disposable cups filled with plastic cutlery and a golden trophy at his home where he examines and categorizes his finds while watching video cassettes of musicals via an iPod viewed through a huge magnifier. **Burtt is also credited for the voice of M-O , as well as most of the other robots. M-O is a tiny, obsessive compulsive maintenance robot with rollers for hands who keeps Axiom clean. When M-O meets WALL-E and sees how filthy he is, he deviates from his normal routine and follows WALL-E, cleaning up behind him. When he follows WALL-E to the garbage bay, he inadvertently but fortuitously saves WALL-E and EVE from being blown into the vacuum of space. He then forms a close friendship with Wall-E and aids the two in retrieving the plant, most notably through using his contaminant detecting vision when Wall-E drops the plant. Back on Earth, he ushers the other robots into giving WALL•E and EVE some privacy as they share a tender moment. *Elissa Knight as EVE , a sleek robot probe whose directive is to locate vegetation on Earth and verify habitability. She has a glossy white egg-shaped body and blue LED eyes. She moves using antigravity technology and is equipped with scanners, specimen storage and a plasma cannon in her arm, which she is quick to use. When first deployed on Earth she appears devoid of feeling but as the craft that delivered her blasts off and away she springs to life with gleeful flight. Watching her, WALL-E accidentally draws her attention as she sets about following her directive growing ever more impatient with both her lack of success and with WALL-E\'s constant monitoring. This shared strength of feeling soon connects the two characters. *Jeff Garlin as Captain B. McCrea, the commander, and apparently only, officer on the Axiom. His duties as captain are boring daily routines, with the ship\'s autopilot handling all true command functions. Meeting WALL-E, however, sparks his interest in Earth and he becomes engrossed in researching the home planet, paving the way for his retaking control of the ship back from the Autopilot. *Fred Willard as Shelby Forthright, historical CEO of the Buy n Large Corporation, shown only in videos recorded around the time of the Axiom{{\'}}s initial launch. Constantly optimistic, Forthright proposed the evacuation plans, then to clean up and recolonize the planet. However, the corporation gave up after realizing how toxic Earth had become. Forthright is the only live action character with a speaking role, the first in any Pixar film. *MacInTalk, the text-to-speech program for the Apple Macintosh, was used for the voice of Auto, the rogue autopilot artificial intelligence built into the ship. Unlike other robots in the film, Auto is not influenced by WALL-E, instead following directive A113, which is to prevent the Axiom and the humans from returning to Earth because of the toxicity, and he will prevent anyone from deviating from it. The robot\'s design is a homage to HAL 9000 from 2001: A Space Odyssey, featuring a HAL-style red "eye" in the center of his body.{{citation needed|datenotes/>'] ['Roy Fleming  is fairground operator of a kiddie-spaceship ride. Despite being thirty-five years old, he still lives with his parents and suffers from extreme acrophobia . His father Arbuckle  wants better things for his son, so he sends an application to NASA. Roy later learns from his mother  that NASA has accepted him as a "WB-1074". When Roy arrives at the Manned Spacecraft Center in Houston, supervisor Donelli ([[Jesse White  places him in training as a janitor. Roy accepts the disappointment and unsuccessfully tries to explain things to his family back home, who believe that he is an astronaut. Meanwhile, he is befriended by veteran astronaut Major Fred Gifford . One day, Roy is alarmed to discover that his father and his friends, Plank  and Rush  are paying him a surprise visit at work. Anxious to please his domineering father, he dons a space suit and pretends to be an astronaut. Arbuckle a World War I veteran, tells his friends, "he is proud Roy is now serving his nation." After wreaking general havoc on the simulators and other hardware, Roy is exposed as a janitor by Donelli and summarily fired in the presence of his father. When the Russians plan to trump NASA by sending a dentist into space, NASA moves quickly. Roy is found in a bar, rehired, and selected as the man least likely to venture into space and sent aloft. His father watches on TV, convinced the janitor story was a ploy for security reasons. During some eating experiments, Roy gets peanut butter into the guidance system and is in danger of being marooned in space. He remembers the retro rockets from his role as "Mr. Spaceman" on the amusement park ride and launches them, bringing the capsule safely home. Roy is hailed as a hero, and marries his sweetheart Ellie Jackson .'] ['A pirate captain known as the Hook  buries his treasure on an island and kills the map maker so no one else will find it. He and his cut-throat crew go after the Mary Ann, a ship on which Princess Margaret  is running away from her father, the King , so she can marry a commoner. The Hook plans to hold her for a large ransom. A cowardly actor, Sylvester the Great , is in the cabin next door to Margaret. The Hook\'s ship, The Avenger attacks the Mary Ann and after a big fight, the crew are killed or made to walk the plank by the pirates. Sylvester escapes by disguising himself as a gypsy woman and is taken on board The Avenger with Margaret. The Ship\'s aged tattooist, Featherhead  has taken a fancy to the gypsy which is all that saves the disguised Sylvester. It turns out that he guessed the gypsy was a man and involves Sylvester in his plot to get the Hook\'s treasure for himself. He gives him the treasure map and helps Sylvester and Margaret escape in a boat and they are to pass the stolen map to Featherhead\'s cousin on the pirate island of Casarouge. The couple make it to the island which is extremely bloodthirsty. The couple check in at the Boar\'s Head Inn where they are to meet the cousin  and do an act at the Bucket of Blood to get some money to pay for their stay. Margaret is kidnapped and Sylvester goes to the Governor   to complain only to find out he was the kidnapper. La Roche has recognised Princess Margaret and plans on holding her for a million doubloon ransom. He stops Sylvester from leaving, planning to ransom him for 100,000 doubloons, sure that the King will want to hang him. Sylvester is well looked after and helps Margaret who is on a hunger strike. The Hook is in with La Roche and they threaten nasty things for the possessor of the map. Featherhead turns up under Sylvester\'s bed and knocks out Sylvester who wants to destroy the map to save his skin. Featherhead tattoos the map on the chest of the unconscious Sylvester and when he recovers, they both eat it. After a meeting, the Hook guesses Sylvester is the gypsy who stole the map and returns to the Governor\'s house to kill him. The Governor sees the map on Sylvester\'s chest as the Hook arrives. The Hook chases him but is stopped from killing Sylvester by Featherhead who shoots him. As he has not returned, Pedro , the Hook\'s second-in-command leads a raid on the Governor\'s house to rescue the Hook and after a big fight, inadvertently rescues Sylvester who has disguised himself as the Hook, along with Margaret. Back on The Avenger, Sylvester as the Hook starts giving orders, not knowing that the real Hook has just been grazed by the bullet and is now also on the ship. Contradictory orders flow from the two different Hooks at different times, till Sylvester is unmasked. In chains and ready to kill themselves, The Avenger is attacked and they believe it is La Roche. It however turns out to be the King\'s ship and both are released . The King says he is not going to stand in Margaret\'s way if she wants to marry a commoner and she rushes forwards. Sylvester is shocked as she passes him and into the arms of another man, Bing Crosby, who is playing a sailor. Indignantly, Sylvester says; "That is the last picture I do for Goldwyn" .'] ['The film opens in a villa in Madrid, Spain, where Diego, the archetypical Spanish Don Juan, is in bed with a beautiful woman – who, we learn shortly, is not his wife, but someone else\'s. The couple are caught by her husband, Garcia, who "is not in Barcelona", as they previously thought. Diego, with considerable panache, fights Garcia and his five brothers with swords. During the fight, Diego\'s mute servant Paco  reads a letter  from Diego\'s father requesting that Diego return to California. Diego and Paco escape by jumping from a high wall directly into a waiting carriage. Diego and Paco arrive in Los Angeles, where they are met by Diego\'s childhood friend Esteban , who has become Capitán of the local guard. We also learn that Esteban has married Florinda , for whom the men competed when they were boys. Esteban delivers the sad news that Diego\'s father was killed in a riding accident, when his horse was frightened by a turtle. Esteban is acting Alcalde in the senior de la Vega\'s stead until a new one can be chosen by the Dons  of the area. At the meeting of the Dons, each introduces himself and where he resides. Each Don\'s surname is that of a well-known city in California, but none of the surnames and place names match, with amusing results: * Don Diego from San Fernando * Don Francisco from San Jose * Don Fernando from San Diego * Don Jose from San Bernardino * Don Luis Obispo from Bakersfield, who wears an ascot Esteban is elected Alcalde via an obviously fixed election, and gives his inaugural speech to the assembled peasants in the village plaza. He is interrupted mid-speech by Charlotte Taylor-Wilson, a wealthy political activist from Boston. She and Diego meet, and despite their political differences, there is an immediate attraction. Relaxing at the de la Vega villa, Diego receives an invitation to a masked ball to celebrate Esteban\'s election. He is also given his inheritance, which turns out to be Zorro\'s cape, hat and sword. A note from his father tells Diego the truth: his father was Zorro. Diego decides that it is the perfect costume for the ball. On the way to the ball, Diego witnesses a peasant being robbed by a criminal. Giving chase, Diego confronts and defeats the highwayman, and returns the money to the peasant, instructing him to spread the news that El Zorro has returned. At the ball, Diego  dances with Florinda while the old peasant informs the people outside that Zorro has indeed returned. At the same time, we learn that the robber was in fact Velasquez, the area\'s tax collector, who reports the theft to Alcalde Esteban – and points out Diego. A duel ensues, and Diego escapes by again jumping from a high wall, but injures his right foot in the process. Unable to walk without a noticeable limp, he hobbles away. Esteban and Velasquez plan to use the injury to track Zorro down. Later that night, a drunk Florinda attempts to seduce Diego in his bedroom, but Esteban arrives to speak about the events of the evening. Esteban begins to suspect that Diego is Zorro, but Diego is able to convince him that his foot is not injured. Esteban leaves, satisfied. A reign of terror begins, including wholesale torture and increased taxation. Diego is frustrated that, because of his injury, he cannot fulfill his destiny as Zorro. Enter Diego\'s decidedly gay twin brother Ramon, who joined the Royal Navy and adopted the pseudonym Bunny Wigglesworth. Diego brings Bunny up to date on what has been happening, and Bunny agrees to stand in as Zorro – using a whip instead of a sword, and with gaily colorful costumes. Zorro continues to elude capture, much to the anger of Esteban and the Dons. Esteban hatches a plan to lure Zorro to the Alcalde\'s residence by throwing another ball to show off Florinda\'s expensive new necklace. Seeing through the plan, Diego arrives, dressed as Zorro – and so do the rest of the Dons and male party guests, telling Esteban that a mysterious servant instructed them to dress as Zorro. Adding to the confusion, Bunny appears in drag, masquerading as \'Margarita\' Wigglesworth, Diego\'s cousin from Santa Barbara. Esteban is smitten and calls her \'Wiggy\'. Bunny succeeds in spilling a drink on Florinda, and in the resulting attempts to clean her dress, makes off with the necklace. Bunny then returns to the Royal Navy, informing Diego that Charlotte Taylor-Wilson is in love with Zorro. Diego and Charlotte confess their love for each other at the plaza, but they are seen by an operative of Esteban\'s. Esteban has her arrested and sentenced to death to again lure Zorro to capture. At the last moment, Diego surrenders to Esteban in order to save Charlotte. Zorro is immediately sentenced to death. Seconds before Diego is to be shot, Bunny returns to free his brother, and with Charlotte\'s aid they finally incite the peasants to rebellion. Esteban\'s own guards rebel as well, and at the end even Florinda turns against her husband. Esteban is defeated, and Diego and Charlotte ride off, planning their wedding.'] ["In 1916, during the thick of World War I, a German and a French fighter ace by the names of Gunther von Beckman  and Jo Cavalier  manage to drag each other out of the sky. An argument and subsequent fistfight about who is to be whose prisoner is rudely interrupted by an artillery barrage, forcing both to stick together in order to survive. In a humorous side scene, corporal Adolf Hitler  is berated by his frustrated First Lieutenant Rosenblum for his clumsiness. 20 years later, Jo and his team of boxers travel to Germany to participate in the Olympic Games in Berlin. On the train Jo meets young Simon Rosenblum , the grandson of aforementioned First Lieutenant Rosenblum and a Jew, and a beautiful reporter named Gaby Delcourt , who is to interview Hitler. When his grandfather doesn't show up at the station, Simon asks Jo, whom he idolizes for his WWI days, to accompany him to his grandfather's bookstore. Arriving there, Jo gets into a fight with Gestapo agents who are demolishing the place, and subsequently he is asked by the whole Rosenblum family to hide them. Knowing no other place, he takes them to his team's hotel, which also happens to be Gaby's domicile. Jo begins to flamboyantly flirt with Gaby, who seems to return his affections. The next morning, just before they depart for the stadium for the opening ceremony, Jo re-encounters his old friend Gunther, now a general of the Luftwaffe. He fast-talks Gunther into borrowing his car, which he gives to the Rosenblums for their escape to Austria. Due to a critical blunder on the Rosenblums' part, however, the whole family is caught before they reach the border, and only Simon escapes. The boy phones Gaby, who informs Jo. Torn between his affection for Gaby, his sense of duty for Simon, and the need to see his team in the games , Jo decides to settle the matter as quickly as possible and goes off to fetch Simon. However, things do not go as planned. The Gestapo is hot on Jo's heels, a bear drives him and Simon from their forest camp, and they temporarily pick up its cub, whom they spontaneously name Beethoven. Finally they are captured and taken to the next police station, where the rest of the Rosenblums are also held. Gunther arrives to secure the release of his friend, but Jo won't abandon the Rosenblums and takes Gunther  hostage. As they drive to the Austrian border, Gunther advises Jo to go with the Rosenblums since he is now considered a fugitive criminal. Reluctantly, Jo agrees. However, due to circumstances the group misses the way and ends up right in Hitler's Berghof residence on the Obersalzberg. Mistaking it for a simple hotel, they are taken in by the grounds' caretaker, Hitler's sister Angela . As it so happens, Gunther has been invited by Hitler to the Berghof for a staff conference, along with Gaby . Jo is quick to find out about the residence's true nature, however, when he comes face to face with Hitler himself while following the Olympic boxing finals at the radio in the latter's personal office. He procures an officer's uniform, reveals himself to Gunther and Gaby, and devises a plan to rescue the Rosenblums by stealing Hitler's personal car, while  Gunther is to create a diversion by eloping with Angela Hitler. The film ends with a furious car chase between Jo, the Rosenblums and Gaby in one car, and Hitler and his adjutants in another, during the course of which the elderly Rosenblum reveals himself to his old subordinate. Startled by the unexpected encounter with his former commanding officer - and Jo cheekily disguising himself as Hitler -, Hitler crashes into a duck pond, while Jo and company successfully escape to Austria , where they also encounter Beethoven again."] ['U.S. Marine Master Gunnery Sergeant James O\'Hearn  is being tried at the San Diego Marine base for desertion, theft, scandalous conduct and destruction of property in time of war. He refuses to testify or plead guilty or not guilty to the charges. The film alternates between flashbacks and the courtroom, as witnesses give their testimony. Showgirl Ginger Martin  takes the stand against his protest. Ginger tells how she, broke and stranded, met O\'Hearn and his friend, Marine Private First Class Davy White , in Shanghai two weeks before the attack on Pearl Harbor. With war looming, their Marine regiment is ordered home. White slips away to propose marriage so that Ginger can be evacuated from China  as his wife. O\'Hearn tracks him down at the nightclub where Ginger works. When the club\'s manager objects to Ginger quitting, a brawl breaks out. The trio escape aboard a small motor boat. When the two men start fighting, Ginger tries to help White and accidentally disables the boat. They drift out to sea and are picked up by a passing junk. Once again, the Marines quarrel over White\'s future. This time, they accidentally set the sail on fire. They have to chop down the mast in order to save the ship. As a result, they are put ashore on the Vichy French island of Namou. To avoid being jailed, the Marines persuade pro-Axis Governor Pierre Marchand  that they are deserters. They are quartered in a hotel/brothel run by Lillie Duval and her three "nieces". O\'Hearn is delighted to make their acquaintance, to Ginger\'s annoyance. When a supposedly Dutch yacht calls at the island, O\'Hearn tries to book passage, but the captain, Van Dorck , refuses to take the risk. O\'Hearn discovers that Van Dorck is actually a Nazi setting up radar stations on the islands around Guadalcanal, and plots to seize the ship with the help of expatriates like ex-U.S. Navy sailor "Jimmylegs" Donovan  and fugitive bank embezzler Smith, and Free French liberated from the prison. White refuses to join and says he is deserting and intends to remain on the island with Ginger. This causes Ginger to have second thoughts about their relationship. O\'Hearn forces White on board the yacht at gunpoint. Back in the courtroom, O\'Hearn breaks his silence in order to exonerate White. When Van Dorck and a search party find him, O\'Hearn manages to kill them all. He and his men then overthrow the governor and load the island\'s armory on the ship, intending to join the fighting at Guadalcanal. Ginger slips aboard as a patriotic stowaway. They stumble upon a group of Japanese landing craft escorted by a destroyer. O\'Hearn engages the Japanese in a fierce battle. When the destroyer tries to ram the yacht, White jumps aboard and climbs its smokestack. He throws in explosives, blowing up the destroyer at the cost of his own life. Only O\'Hearn and Ginger survive; the rest of the crew die heroically. The court martial exonerates O\'Hearn and recommends White for a posthumous Congressional Medal of Honor. O\'Hearn and Ginger then admit they love each other.'] ["George and Harold, American song-and dance-men performing in Melbourne, Australia, have to leave in a hurry to avoid various marriage proposals. They end up in Darwin, where they take jobs as pearl divers for a prince. They are taken by boat to an idyllic island on the way to Bali, . They vie with each other for the favours of exotic  Princess Lala, a cousin of the Prince. The hazardous dive produces a chest of priceless jewels, which the prince plans to claim as his own. After escaping from the prince and his henchmen, the three are shipwrecked and washed up on another island. Lala is now in love with both of the boys and can't decide which to choose. Following further romantic complications, the boys participate in a traditional marriage ceremony, both thinking they're marrying Lala. In fact, she's being unwillingly married to the already much-married King while they end up married to each other. Displeased with two men being married to each other, the volcano god initiates a massive eruption. After escaping it, the three end up on yet another beach where Lala chooses George over Harold. Undaunted, Harold conjures up Jane Russell from a basket by playing a flute and thinks that he's going to get her, but she too rejects Harold, and George walks off with both Jane and Lala. Harold is left alone on the beach, demanding that the film shouldn't finish and asking the audience to stick around to see what's going to happen."] ['{{Plot}}  The film begins with Eliza Thornberry , aged 12, playing with a family of cheetahs in East Africa, where her parents work as roving wildlife photographers for a television nature show. Eliza has the magical ability to talk and communicate with wild animals. The cheetah mother, Akela , has left Eliza in charge of her cubs; however, Eliza strays beyond the security of the area, and one of the cheetah cubs, Tally , is kidnapped by a poacher. Eliza\'s persistent efforts to rescue the cub lead her British grandmother Cordelia , who is visiting them, to send her off to an English boarding school, fearing that Eliza is constantly endangering herself in Africa and will be much safer in England. Darwin , Eliza\'s "pet" chimpanzee smuggles himself into her luggage and travels to school with her. After having a dream in which Shaman Mnyambo, the person who gave her her power, tells her to save Tally, Eliza persuades her roommate Sarah Wellington to help her and Darwin get back to Nairobi. While on a train to their family\'s camp, the duo notice an injured rhino outside the train and get off to help it. Eliza speaks with the rhino who tells her that he was shot by the river. They are assisted by a young couple, Sloan and Bree Blackburn , supposedly animal conservationists, but as they attempt to save the rhino, Eliza discovers the same knife carried by the poacher who took Tally. After the rhino is taken away by a ranger, Eliza and Darwin continue to their camp. Meanwhile, Eliza\'s sister Debbie , a materialistic girl who dislikes Africa has been left alone by Nigel and Marianne Thornberry  to take care of her mischievous adopted brother Donnie near their motorhome, whilst her parents film a huge herd of elephants as they make their way through the fictional Tempo Valley during a solar eclipse. She is visited first by both Cordelia and her grandfather Col. Radcliffe Thornberry  who are searching for Eliza. The morning after they arrive, Eliza and Darwin themselves appear, to plot a course to where Tally was taken, and later leave with Donnie. While Debbie searches for them, she comes to a friendly native village where no one speaks English. After several failed attempts to get her motorcycle out of the mud in which it is stuck, she meets a teenage boy from the village named Boko who helps her to get the motorcycle out. The village members, worried that Debbie will get killed out in the wilderness, send Boko as her guide. As Eliza, Bonnie and Darwin trek through the forest, a gorilla informs them that people have built a fence across Tempo Valley. The trio later encounter Bree and Sloan again, and Eliza realizes that the poachers are after the elephants that will be traveling through the valley. The trio later find Tally in the Bree and Sloan\'s RV, and learn that the couple are actually the poachers responsible for capturing Tally, shooting the rhino, and building the fence. Bree and Sloan later capture them, and it is revealed that the fence is electrified, and that the poachers plan to stampede the elephants into it. Sloan also demands to know how she found about the rhino and the fence. Debbie and Boko later encounter the RV while searching for Eliza and her friends. When the couple go to investigate, Tally chews on the rope bounding Eliza to free her. She and Darwin then get into an argument in which Eliza ends by yelling at him to, for once, be quiet, upsetting Darwin. Meanwhile, Sloan takes Debbie hostage when she reveals that she is Eliza\'s sister, and threatens to throw her over a cliff unless Eliza tells him the truth about how she knew about their plan. With no other way to save her sister, Eliza is forced to admit she knows because of her ability to talk to animals. Because of this, a storm begins, with Eliza and the others  escaping from the poachers. When Darwin fails to understand her, Eliza realizes her power is really gone, as punishment for revealing her power and pulls Darwin after her. The group ends up drifting down the river on a log as the storm continues. Later on, after the storm has stopped, Eliza tells Debbie the story of how she got her powers and that she had kept them a secret all this time. Debbie asks Eliza to prove it, but Eliza tells her she can\'t anymore, because she told someone else about it, and now she can\'t even apologize to Darwin for their argument earlier. Debbie then realizes how much Eliza\'s powers meant to her and is amazed that she gave it up just to save her life. They get to the pass, just in time for the eclipse, but Eliza is doubtful that she can save the elephants without her power. Debbie convinces her to try when she points out that Eliza was always willing to help animals before getting her power . As Bree and Sloan get their henchmen to detonate explosives in the valley to get the elephants to stampede, Eliza jumps onto the lead elephant, and desperately tries to tell her to stop. She uses a necklace her dad gave her before she left and hurls it at the electric fence, causing it to react and the elephants to subsequently stop. They begin to turn around but Bree and Sloan ordered their henchmen to fire off another round of explosives, making the elephants charge towards it again. Eliza remembers how elephant mothers tell their young which way to go; she taps the elephant behind its ear, causing her to stop right in front of the fence. The herd again stops, and begins to turn around. much to the poachers\' anger. Sloan then swings in on a helicopter and grabs Eliza, throwing her into a river, but not before saying that she won\'t be there once he and Bree cut out the ivory tusks of the elephants. Fortunately, she is saved by Shaman Mnyambo, who tells her that she saved the day using not her powers but her heart. As a reward, he is willing to give Eliza her powers back. Meanwhile, the elephants pull Bree and Sloan\'s helicopter out of the sky, and the poachers are arrested by the rangers contacted by the Thornberrys. Eliza, Debbie, and the others are then reunited with the rest of the Thornberrys, who have all been searching for them, and Eliza makes amends with Darwin. Later on, the group returns to the savanna they were at during the beginning of the film, where Tally is reunited with his mother once again. Eliza also reveals to Debbie that although she got her power back, it was on condition that if Debbie tells anyone about it, she will turn into a baboon, much to her fury.'] ['The film takes place in Australia and Vampire Rock, a rock formation shaped like a vampire head. There is a legend of a vampire named the Yowie Yahoo, who lives in the rock. The film starts at Vampire Rock where the "Vampire Rock Music Festival" is being set up. Many people are excited for it, but some don\'t think it should take place because it would anger the Yowie Yahoo. One such person is Malcolm Illiwara, but the problem is, his own grandson Daniel is the manager of the contest. One night, as Malcolm and his grandson watch a sure-to-win performer named Matt Marvelous, the Yowie Yahoo appears. The Yowie Yahoo and its three vampire minions capture Matt Marvelous and take him away. Everybody is scared, and Malcolm blames the contest for what happened. Meanwhile, Scooby-Doo and Mystery Inc. arrive in Australia for a vacation after solving the mystery of the Sea Serpent Smugglers on a cruise ship. After seeing the harbor, the gang decides to go to the outback and see the music festival. When they arrive, they meet The Hex Girls,  who are the opening act. They also see Daniel, Malcolm, and Russell, who runs the contest with Daniel. Malcolm says he has warned Daniel about what has happened and drives off. Daniel tells them that most of the performers have left because they are too scared of the vampires. Daniel and Russell then tell them about Wildwind, a musical group who performed at the Vampire Rock Music Festival the year before. They tell the gang Wildwind put on a great performance, but only got third place. They then went into Vampire Rock to camp, but were never heard from again. There were three performers, Dark Skull, Stormy Weather, and Lightning Strikes. Legend says that they have been turned into Vampires by the Yowie Yahoo. Daniel says he does not believe it, but then Russell reminded him that the three vampires who were with the Yowie Yahoo when it kidnapped Matt Marvelous looked just like the members of Wildwind. Fred decides the best way to solve the mystery is to enter the contest as a band, in order to drive the Yowie Yahoo to capture them. Russell is skeptical, but Daniel thinks it is a good idea. The Hex Girls make them look like rock stars, and soon they are on stage. While they are practicing , a golf cart approaches them. In it are Jasper Ridgeway, a snotty manager, and his band, the Bad Omens, who have three performers. They criticize the gangs playing and make them leave the stage so they can practice. Then the gang learns that Ridgeway was once the manager of Wildwind. Jasper says Wildwind was the greatest band he ever managed and is sad that they disappeared. He then complains about the head and camping, and goes back to his "trailer", leaving his band to practice. The gang grows suspicious of Ridgeway and thinks he might have put his band up to masquerading as vampires and getting rid of all the other performers. They split up, with Fred, Velma, and Daphne going to Jasper\'s trailer and Shaggy and Scooby staying at the food stands. At the trailer, Fred, Velma, and Daphne find that Jasper has lots of mementos of Wildwind, including three copies of the suits the band members used. They also wonder why Jasper did not come to his trailer, ; when he said he was going to. Meanwhile, Scooby and Shaggy get chased by the Wildwind Vampires, but eventually lose them. They end up back at the stage, where the Bad Omens are rehearsing. There, they witness the Yowie Yahoo and the Wildwind vampires capture the Bad Omens is the same way they captured Matt Marvelous. They tell the others. Jasper is sad they are gone, but then he says he shouldn\'t have gone back to his trailer, when in fact he was never there at all. Fred decides that everyone should sleep at the same place, so no one gets taken. During the night, a band named Two Skinny Dudes arrives. They say they have been staying in Vampire Rock, but have not seen any. Jasper quickly forgets the Bad Omens and asks Two Skinny Dudes if they wanted him to be their manager, which makes the gang suspicious. The next day the gang and Daniel go to see Malcolm. He explains how Wildwind was foolish to go into Vampire Rock. He also says how vampires hate the sun, cannot run over running water, and cannot be seen in a picture. That night is the performance, and the Hex Girls start things off. However, the Yowie Yahoo and the Wildwind vampires appear and capture the Hex Girls. The crowd thinks it was an act, but the gang decides to investigate the rock. Inside, Fred, Velma, and Daphne find lots of special effects equipment like fans and lights. However, they find the Wildwind vampires and get chased. Scooby and Shaggy get trapped by a group of dingoes. The sound of Fred, Velma and Daphne running scares off the Dingoes, but then the whole gang gets trapped by the vampires and the Yowie Yahoo. The gang is able to avoid them until the sun comes up. The sun reflects off Scooby-Doo\'s collar, which shines on the Yowie Yahoo and destroys him. However, the Wildwind vampires are not affected by the sun or running over water, and give chase to the gang. The Wildwind Vampires chase them until the gang and Daniel unleash a trap and capture the "vampires". Jasper and Daniel are confused, wondering who did it, but the gang knows. After splashing water on the faces to get rid of the makeup, the gang shows that it was Two Skinny Dudes and Russell. Daniel and Jasper are surprised, but get even more surprised when the gang unmasks them and it is shown that the members of Wildwind are the actual vampires. They explain how they wanted to start up their career, so they posed as dead and were planning to perform again. They used special effects to make the Yowie Yahoo and climbing equipment to fly around. When asked about the missing performers, they said they gave them free Great Barrier Reef Scuba diving tours and sent them away. Then the Hex Girls and Malcolm show up. They say they were left in the Outback because they did not want the trip, but Malcolm found them. Wildwind are sent to jail. Daniel says that Mystery Inc\'s. band is the only one left, so they win. The film ends with the gang performing to the crowd and getting their band name, The Meddling Kids, joined by the Hex Girls.'] ['In a temple in an unknown location in Nepal, a young boy with mystical abilities &mdash; the Golden Child &mdash; receives badges of station and demonstrates his power to the monks of the temple by reviving a dead bird, which becomes a constant companion. However, a band of villains led by a mysterious man, Sardo Numspa , breaks into the hidden temple, slaughters the monks and abducts the boy. Some time afterwards, a young woman named Kee Nang  watches a Los Angeles TV show in which social worker Chandler Jarrell talks about his latest case, a missing girl named Cheryll Mosley. She seeks him out the next day and informs him of the kidnapping of the Golden Child and that he is the \'Chosen One\' who would save the Child. Chandler does not take this seriously, even after the astral form of the Child and his bird familiar begin following him. Soon Cheryll Mosley is found, dead from blood loss, near an abandoned house smeared with Tibetan graffiti and a pot full of blood-soaked oatmeal. Kee Nang reveals to him that this house was a holding place for the Child and introduces Chandler to Doctor Hong, a mystic expert, and Kala . The three track down a motorcycle gang, the Yellow Dragons, which Cheryll had joined, and Chinese restaurant owner Tommy Tong, a henchman of Numspa, to whom Cheryll had been \'sold\' for her blood, used to make the Child vulnerable to earthly harm. Tong, however, is killed by Numspa as a potential traitor. Still not taking the case too seriously, Chandler is drawn by Numspa—whom Chandler begins to continuously call "Numsy"—into a controlled dream, where he receives a burn mark on his arm. Numpspa also presents his demands: the Ajanti Dagger  in exchange for the boy. Chandler finally agrees to help, and he and Kee Nang spend the night together. Chandler and Kee travel to Tibet, where Chandler is apparently swindled by an old amulet seller, who is revealed as the High Priest of the temple where the dagger is kept hidden and, subsequently, Kee\'s father . In order to obtain the blade, Chandler has to pass a test: an obstacle course in a bottomless cavern whilst carrying a glass of water without spilling a drop. With luck and wits, Chandler recovers the blade and even manages to bring it past customs into the United States. Numspa and his henchmen attack Chandler and Kee. The Ajanti Dagger is lost to the villains, and Kee takes a crossbow bolt meant for Chandler, and dies in his arms confessing her love for him. Doctor Hong and Kala offers him hope, for as long as the sun shines upon Kee, the Child might be able to save her. Driven now by a personal motive, Chandler — with the help of the Child\'s familiar — locates Numspa\'s hideout, and retrieves the dagger with the help of Til, one of Numspa\'s men converted to good by the Child, and frees the boy. But when Chandler attempts to confront Numspa, the latter reveals his true face as a demon from hell. Chandler and the Child escape the hideout, only to be tracked down by the demon in a warehouse. Chandler loses the dagger when the warehouse collapses, but Sardo is buried under a chunk of falling masonry. Chandler and the Child escape and head to Doctor Hong\'s shop where Kee is being kept. As the two approach Kee\'s body, a badly injured but berserk Numspa attacks Chandler but the amulet the Old Man sold Chandler blasts the dagger from Numspa\'s hand. The Child uses his magic to place the dagger back into Chandler\'s hands, and Chandler pierces Numspa through the heart with it, destroying him. The Child then uses the last ray of sunlight and his powers to bring Kee back from the dead. As the movie ends, the three take a walk discussing the Child\'s return to Tibet and  the boy\'s prospective fame as a stage magician.'] ['On their way to perform in Guam, nightclub performers Duke Mitchell and Sammy Petrillo find themselves stranded on a seemingly treacherous island, known by the natives as "Kola Kola". The natives are quite friendly, especially Nona, the tribal chief\'s daughter, who tries to help the two get off the island. Though Paradise has been found, for the time being, the duo soon discovers that a mad scientist named Dr. Zabor , lives on the other side of the island. Seeing a chance to get help, the two visit the strange doctor. Tension mounts as Duke falls in love with Nona. Seeing Duke as a threat, a jealous Dr. Zabor plans to literally make a monkey out of Duke, for he too loves Nona. Sammy tries to help his pal, with unexpected results.'] ["Kermit the Frog, Fozzie Bear, and Gonzo the Great play newspaper reporters for the Daily Chronicle. Kermit and Fozzie, specifically, are playing identical twin reporters, which becomes the source of a running gag - supposedly, nobody can tell they are twins unless Fozzie wears his hat. While Gonzo is too busy taking pictures of a chicken, the biggest fashion designer of London named Lady Holiday  gets robbed of her necklace. The trio are eventually assigned to investigate the theft of the valuable jewels from Lady Holiday, which they have to beg for after their boss Mike Tarkenian  dismisses them following the Daily Chronicle's headline about the twins joining the staff . They travel to London to interview her, but with only $12 for the trip, they are forced to fly in the airplane's baggage hold and are thrown out of the plane as they arrive over Britain while it continues on to Italy. They stay at the dilapidated  Happiness Hotel, run and populated by Pops, Scooter, Rowlf, Dr. Teeth and The Electric Mayhem, Sam the Eagle, Swedish Chef, Rizzo the Rat, and Lubbuck Lou and his Jughuggers. When Kermit seeks out Lady Holiday in her office however, he instead finds the love of his life Miss Piggy and fails to recognize her, mistaking her for the fashion designer. Piggy  masquerades as Lady Holliday, even going so far as to sneak into a ritzy townhouse  to impress Kermit with her dwellings much to the surprise of the true British residents Neville  and Dorcas . At a night club restaurant, Lady Holiday's necklace is stolen by her jealous brother Nicky  and his assistants Carla , Marla , and Darla , three of her put-upon fashion models. Despite Nicky's instant attraction to Miss Piggy, they successfully frame her for the theft and plan to steal an even more valuable prize....the coveted Baseball Diamond which is on display at a local gallery, the Mallory Gallery. Unfortunately for them, Gonzo is under a nearby table and overhears them. Kermit's crew, along with their friends from the Happiness Hotel, have no choice but to intercept and catch the thieves themselves in order to vindicate Miss Piggy. The Muppets get to the Mallory Gallery, and get to the Baseball Diamond at the same time as the thieves, use the Baseball Diamond in a game of Keep Away and later baseball, complete with Louis Kazagher commentating. Piggy, meanwhile, has escaped from prison and, in a bout of serendipity, finds a motorcycle which she uses to crash into the Gallery's window, knocking Nicky, who is holding Kermit hostage, out in the process. Carla, Marla and Darla confront Piggy, only to be quickly dispatched by a flurry of furious karate chops. As the police arrive, Piggy is cleared from all charges, Nicky and his fashion model-acquaintances are arrested, and the Muppets get their deserved credit for foiling the heist. The Muppets then return to America the same way they departed, being thrown out of the cargo hold and parachuting back to Earth, over the end credits which concludes with Gonzo taking a photo of the audience with his overly powerful flashbulb causing the screen to go black as if he blinded his subjects again."] ['Tired of playing second fiddle to Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck demands his own movie from the Warner Bros. only to be fired by VP of Comedy, Kate Houghton . DJ Drake , son of action star Damian Drake, is also fired from his job as a security guard when trying to escort Daffy from the studios, driving the Batmobile into the studio\'s water tower which falls on Kate\'s car. Kate tries to make Bugs\' film more educational and socially relevant, but he refuses to work with her unless Daffy is brought back; she is ultimately forced to comply to keep her job after Bugs is injured during a routine that required Daffy\'s presence. DJ returns home and is surprised to find Daffy snuck along. Finding a hidden video screen, DJ is told by his father  to go to Las Vegas to find a woman named Dusty Tails to get a diamond called the Blue Monkey. DJ and Daffy head out in an old AMC Gremlin car. Bugs and Kate arrive at the house after Bugs calls Daffy and learns the situation, and pursue them in Damian\'s spy car, a TVR Tuscan right hand drive. Also after the diamond are the Acme Corporation run by Mr. Chairman  who plans to use the diamond to take over the world and sell more Acme merchandise. DJ and Daffy arrive in Las Vegas and find Dusty Tails performing at a casino run by Yosemite Sam. Dusty gives DJ a playing card with the Mona Lisa\'s face on it. Then Yosemite Sam, working for Acme, attacks the three and his goons chase DJ and Daffy across the city, leading to a car chase with Bugs and Kate being dragged into the mayhem when DJ takes the wheel of the spy car. The heroes escape via the spy car\'s flight ability whilst Yosemite Sam crashes into his own casino. The spy car crashes in Death Valley where the heroes conveniently find a Wal-Mart thanks to Kate\'s desire for more product placement. Mr. Chairman sends in Wile E. Coyote to kill the heroes but he fails via a misdirected missile. The heroes wander into Area 52, Area 51 created as a "paranoid fantasy" to hide Area 52\'s identity, where they meet Mother, a Q-like figure who gives DJ new gadgets to help find the diamond and reveals that Acme will use the diamond to turn mankind into monkeys to create their merchandise and then turn them back so they\'ll buy the products. Marvin the Martian and a group of famous aliens  attack, but the heroes escape. They conclude the next clue is in the Mona Lisa painting in Paris. In the Louvre, the heroes discover the playing card doubles as a viewing window and find a map of Africa behind the Mona Lisa painting and take a photo on Kate\'s mobile phone. Elmer Fudd arrives to gain the card, turning out to be "secretly evil". Bugs and Daffy flee playfully around the museum, leaping through various famous paintings until Elmer is defeated by Bugs via a fan when he jumps out of a pointillist painting. Mr. Smith, henchman of Mr. Chairman, kidnaps Kate and steals her phone, and by extension, the map. The heroes travel to Africa where they hitch a ride on an elephant ridden by Sylvester the Cat, Tweety Bird and Granny. They find the diamond and a temple, but Granny and the others reveal themselves to be Mr. Chairman, Mr. Smith and the Tasmanian Devil. Mr. Chairman uses a disintegration pistol to transport himself and the heroes to Acme Headquarters and gains the diamond. Mr. Smith is revealed to be the Tasmanian she-devil. The diamond is taken to a satellite by Marvin; Mr. Chairman explaining he will fire an energy beam worldwide which will turn everyone into monkeys aside from himself and his love interest, Mary. DJ and Kate save Damian from being killed and Wile E. Coyote blows up in a train. Bugs and Daffy chase Marvin to the satellite, and while Bugs fights Marvin, Daffy becomes Duck Dodgers and manages to destroy the satellite by plugging its dish with his beak. Bugs defeats Marvin by overloading his own bubble gun. The energy beam strikes Mr. Chairman, turning him into a monkey. Later, Daffy learns the entire adventure was part of Bugs\' film, but Bugs suggests the two become equal; Daffy starts cheering until he is flattened by the Looney Tunes\' title iris ironically. While Porky Pig tries to say his ending line, the studio starts to close. Just before all the lights are turned completely off, Porky tells the audience to go home.'] ['An Island  run by a crazed with power Duke is in turmoil. The peasants plan a revolt, with two buddies including Cliff  planning to overthrow the corrupt Duke. Cliff invites his friend Jacques  to help, though Jacques spends most of his time with his love Vanette . Meanwhile Cliff dresses up as a female as part of the plan and after much chaos all is well and he returns to America safe and sound.'] ["George Lester  is an American living in Britain. His passion is get-rich-quick schemes, and they have caused financial and personal grief for him and his wife, Pamela,  who is considering divorce if he continues with them. Willy Homer  is a conman who plans to help George raise some quick cash by selling plans for a drill to a group of Arabs. The plans, which were stolen, are smuggled to Lisbon with help from his accomplice, Fred Davies . As they are about to trade the plans they realise that they are being double-crossed. A series of chases follow, and eventually the plans are revealed to be worthless to everyone. Distraught, George finds comfort in his wife and promises to never embark on any more 'get-rich-quick' schemes. That is, until Willy shows up at his door with another one!"] ['British Prime Minister Winston Churchill sends Jane and the Colonel  on a mission to prevent the diamonds of the fabled Lost City from falling into enemy hands. Journeying to Africa where they are joined by Jungle Jack Buck , their quest is dogged by Nazi agents Lola Pagola and Heinrich . Jane and the Lost City emulates the mild eroticism of its source material, having the heroine lose items of her clothing several times during the narrative. Despite this, the film was released as PG  in the USA.{{cite news}}'] ["Jack Lawrence is a smart allec lawyer who is one day visited by an ex-girlfriend who tells him her kid was his. Enter Dale Putley, a depressed goofball who is also a [[writer], meets with the same ex-girlfriend who tells him her kid is his. One day Jack and Dale meet and discover what had happened: they've been told the same story and now there's a question of who the real father is. They learn their son is following a rock band called Sugar Ray around. So Jack and Dale hit the road to Sacramento and find their drunk, lovestruck son. Soon after they bring him back to their hotel room, their son escapes and Jack and Dale must use teamwork to find him again, bring him home, and find out which one of them is the real father."] ['Peter Gaulke is the host of an unsuccessful nature program called Strange Wilderness. When the show is threatened with cancellation, he goes in search of the elusive bigfoot in order to restore ratings.'] ["Tommy Layton , a wealthy bachelor, rents a city bus to take him from Chicago to Los Angeles. Once there he intends to participate in a yacht race to Hawaii. The bus drivers, Algy  and Wellington , are chased by a detective  hired by the bus company. They escape capture by driving the bus off a fishing pier. Layton, who is now on his yacht, rescues them and hires them as his crew for the race. A competitor of his in the race, Joan Marshall  has fired his original crew without his knowledge. He enacts revenge by kidnapping her and taking her along on the race. While on course to Hawaii, they encounter a hurricane and land on an uncharted island, which is also the home of Dr. Varnoff , a mysterious scientist. The island natives mistake Wellington as a legendary hero and inform him that he must marry Princess Luana . Meanwhile, Varnoff's plan is to cause a volcano to erupt in order to trick the tribe into giving him their sacred jewel. The natives send Wellington  to the volcano to defeat the evil spirit of the volcano. Varnoff chases him to the volcano, where they are defeated by Wellington and Algy."] ["While in the hospital, 60-year-old truck driver Elegant John  gets his rig repossessed by the finance company. Deciding that it's time to make one last perfect cross-country run, he escapes from the hospital and steals back his truck. Doing a favor for an old friend, madam Penelope , he picks up six prostitutes  to bring them across the border. He heads off into the night with the police on his tail, and becomes a folk hero."] ['Joan Wilder  is a lonely romance novelist in New York City who receives a treasure map mailed to her by her recently-murdered brother-in-law. Her widowed sister, Elaine , calls Joan and begs her to come to Cartagena, Colombia, because Elaine has been kidnapped by bumbling antiquities smugglers Ira  and Ralph , and the map is to be the ransom. Hastily flying to Colombia, Joan is detoured from the rendezvous with Ralph by Colonel Zolo , the man who killed Elaine\'s husband. Joan ends up in the jungle and is almost killed by Zolo, but is saved by the swashbuckling American bird exporter Jack T. Colton . For getting her to Cartagena, Joan promises to pay Jack $375. Jack and Joan elude Zolo, who wants the treasure for himself and who chases them with military police, which he commands as a "private army". After spending a night hiding in a crashed marijuana smuggler\'s C-47 airplane, they encounter a drug lord named Juan , who is a big fan of Joan\'s novels and who helps them escape from Zolo. After a night of dancing and passion, Jack suggests to Joan that they find the treasure before handing over the map. They follow the clues and find the treasure: an enormous emerald called El Corazon . Unknown to Jack and Joan, their trail has been picked up by Ralph, who tries to take the emerald and taunts Joan that Jack would have done the same. But Ralph flees without the treasure when Zolo appears, and Jack and Joan are chased into a river and go over a waterfall. Jack and Joan end up on opposite sides of the raging river; Joan has the map, but Jack has the emerald. Jack directs Joan to Cartagena, promising that he will meet her there with the emerald, but she is skeptical, owing to Ralph\'s taunts. In Cartagena, Joan contacts Ira, but cannot find Jack. She meets with Ira and Ralph at their base  and makes the exchange. As Joan and Elaine attempt to leave, they are stopped by Zolo and his men, who have captured Jack. Zolo demands the emerald and threatens Joan with the crocodiles that Ira keeps as pets. To save Joan, Jack surrenders the hidden emerald to Zolo, but a crocodile bites off Zolo\'s hand and swallows it along with the emerald. As a furious gun battle takes place between Zolo\'s soldiers and Ira\'s gang, Joan and Elaine dash for safety, but they are pursued by the enraged Zolo. Jack tries to stop the crocodile from escaping but lets it go when he sees that Joan is in danger. Joan knocks Zolo into the crocodile pit, and Ira and his men escape, but Ralph is left behind as the authorities arrive. After a kiss, Jack dives into the water after the crocodile, leaving Joan behind with her sister. Some time later, Joan is back in New York City, delivering a new manuscript based on her adventure, and her publisher, Gloria , loves it. Returning home, she finds Jack waiting for her in a sailboat. He caught the crocodile  and had it made into a pair of boots, sold the emerald, and bought the boat he had told Joan was his dream. They go off together, planning to sail around the world.'] ["Detective Hamilton Hornee and his team organize an expedition into mysterious Africa to search for Algona, heiress to her father's fortune. Algona happens to have become a magnificent blonde elephant-riding, goddess worshiped by the frightened tribe of the Meshpokas."] ["La Chèvre features Depardieu as the tough-guy private detective Campana, hired to find Marie, the daughter of a rich businessman, who has mysteriously disappeared while vacationing in Mexico. The case turns out to be complicated – several attempts to find her have already failed. A psychologist, Meyer, who works for the businessman, suggests a plan. Marie is known to be extremely unlucky and accident-prone; the psychologist advises sending someone equally accident-prone to find her, on the theory that what happened to her may also happen to him, and thus, following her steps while the detective tags along, the daughter can be found and returned home. Richard's character Perrin is an awkward, accident-prone accountant who works for the businessman, and is chosen to implement the scheme. The adventures of an odd duo begin..."] ["Baby and I is the story of a high school student  who is a troublemaker. He always quarrels with his parents and does not obey them. One day his parents are sick of his bad behavior and run away from home. Despite his parents having runaway, he is not embarrassed. Rather he is happy that he is free. He goes shopping for a party with his friends in his empty house. When he buys something and comes back to his cart, there was a baby with a letter: It would be better to have this baby be raised by Joon Su. The baby’s name was written on the letter, Han Woo Ram. From this time, he has no choice but act as the baby's father. He brings the baby to school and his part time job. Finally, he is suspended from school due to the baby. In addition, he has no money, so he steals powdered formula for the baby. At last, he goes around begging women for milk. Fortunately, his parents come back home and take care of the baby instead of Joon Su. It turned out the baby’s real father was Joon Su’s friend, and the friend was to have his baby adopted. However, Joon Su could not send the baby to another person and Joon Su and his friend raise the baby together."] [' Pee-wee Herman loves his bike more than anything else in the world and refuses to sell it to his spoiled neighbor Francis Buxton. The bike is stolen while visiting Dottie at a bicycle shop called "Chuck\'s Bikeorama", and Pee-wee visits a psychic named Madame Ruby who tells him that the bike is hidden in the basement of the Alamo Mission in San Antonio, Texas. On the way there, he meets Simone, a waitress at a restaurant with a dream of living in Paris. Her jealous boyfriend Andy thinks Pee-wee and Simone are romantically linked, which results in Andy trying to get Pee-Wee into a fight, but Pee-wee flees into a boxcar on a moving train. Making it to San Antonio, he finds that the Alamo has no basement. Disappointed, Pee-wee visits a bar to use the telephone, but disturbs a biker gang after accidentally knocking over their motorcycles. Fearing they are going to kill him, Pee-wee asks for one last request and dances to "Tequila", winning the respect of the bikers. The bikers give him a motorcycle, but Pee-wee quickly crashes it through an advertisement sign, ending up in the hospital. There, he watches an interview and learns that his bike now belongs to Kevin Morton, a child star who is currently filming a movie with the bike as a prominent plot device. Pee-wee enters Warner Bros. Studios in Burbank, California, disguises himself as a nun, and steals the bike back. In a wild chase scene, he flees from the Warner Bros. security staff through a variety of sets, causing havoc throughout the lot. Various actors and props, including a boat-shaped car, a Santa Claus sleigh, and a man in a Godzilla costume, get swept into the chase. He also interrupts the shooting of a Twisted Sister music video for "Burn in Hell" from Stay Hungry. Using the gadgets on his bike when driving through the set of Tarzan and a western set, Pee-wee manages to evade and fake out the guards and escape the studio. As he blissfully rides away however, Pee-wee discovers a burning pet shop. After heroically saving all the animals, Pee-wee faints on the sidewalk near the store\'s doorstep upon having to carry out the pet snakes just as the fire department and police arrive. Though the fire department considers Pee-wee a hero, the police arrest him. Pee-wee is brought before a Warner Bros. studio executive who offers to buy the rights to Pee-wee\'s story in exchange for dropping all charges. Dottie is summoned into the office, bringing along Pee-Wee\'s beloved bicycle. He attends the premiere at his local drive-in theater, and it turns out to be a James Bond-style action film involving James Brolin and Morgan Fairchild fighting ninjas. Pee-wee has a cameo appearance as a bellhop, with his voice dubbed over. After watching for a few minutes, Pee-wee decides to leave, having already lived the real story. Reunited with his bike, he rides away with Dottie, happily ever after.'] ['The film is set in the futuristic Metro City, a metropolis which floats in the sky above the polluted "Surface". Metro City\'s population is aided by a multitude of different robots who are dumped on the Surface when broken or disused. Toby, son of Dr. Tenma, learns that his father is going to show President Stone, the militaristic leader of the city, the Peacekeeper, a new guardian robot that he\'s been working on. Doctor Elefun, one of Tenma\'s colleagues, introduces Stone to the Blue and Red Cores, two energy spheres mined from a star fragment, that produce energy which can power robots via positive and negative energy, respectively. Stone places the Red Core in the Peacekeeper, causing it to go out of control. The Peacekeeper tries to attack the humans, but Tenma puts a barrier between them. Meanwhile, Toby has been released early from school, and rewires Orrin, his family\'s robot, in order to attend the Ministry of Science\'s demonstration of the Peacekeeper. Seeking to have a closer look at the Peacekeeper, Toby enters the same room as the robot, only for the Peacekeeper\'s first attempt to destroy the barrier to backfire with the result that Toby is totally annihilated. After the Peacekeeper is stopped by security forces, Dr. Tenma, wracked with despair, builds an identical robotic clone of Toby, using DNA from a strand of his hair to obtain his memories, which will make the robot think he is Toby. He also powers the robot with the positive blue core. The robot quickly comes to life, and Tenma brings him home. Tenma quickly realizes that while the robot possesses Toby\'s memories, it is not exactly like his original son, as the robot\'s higher mental and physical powers frequently remind him. Tenma had initially included the robot\'s powers in order to prevent his "son" from being destroyed again. Unaware that he is a robot, Toby tries to figure out why he can understand the language of some robot cleaners and discovers he can fly via rocket-boosters hidden in his shoes. He discovers various other abilities and heads home to tell his father, only to find that Tenma and Elefun are discussing deactivating him. Tenma reveals to Toby that he is a robot. President Stone\'s men detect the Blue Core\'s energy signature and pursue Toby. Stone calls in the Spirit of Freedom: a massive, heavily-armed, flying battleship. Rendered unconscious, Toby falls off the floating city and lands in the junkyard below. He meets several children including Cora, a girl who left Metro City after her parents neglected her, and a robotic dog named Trashcan. Toby meets the Robot Revolution Front: Sparx, Robotsky and Mike the Fridge, who easily identify Toby as a robot and rename him "Astro". Astro goes along with his new name and lives with the children and their fatherly figure, Hamegg, who appears to care for broken robots, but secretly treats robots just as callously as Stone, and also runs the Robot Games: destructive gladiatorial matches in which robots are forced to fight to the death. Astro and his friends find an offline construction robot named ZOG, and Astro secretly revives ZOG. The kids bring him back and clean him up for the Hamegg games. Later that night, Astro comes across Cora trying to call Metrocity. She reveals to him that she actually has parents and was worried if they even missed her. Astro promises not to tell and tries to tell her his secret but can\'t. The next day at the Hamegg games, Hamegg betrays Astro, learning of him being a robot, and pits Astro against other robots in the Robot Games. Unable to simply leave, Astro reluctantly destroys all the robots. Hamegg releases ZOG for Astro to fight, but both refuse to fight one another. Stone and his men arrive then and arrest Astro. They take him back to the Ministry of Science, where Tenma is asked to remove the Blue Core; however, at the last moment, he has a change of heart, accepting that even if Astro is not Toby, he is still his son, and allows Astro to escape. Stone places the Red Core into the Peacekeeper again, only for it to absorb him and take on his consciousness. Astro and Stone fight across the city, demolishing most of the buildings and causing the city to begin crashing to Earth. Astro is able to slow Metro City\'s decent by flying underneath and pushing upwards with his leg-rockets. Cora, the other children, and the Robot Revolution try to help to bring down the Peacekeeper/Stone fusion. Stone catches Astro and is about to absorb him, but when the Blue and Red Cores clash, he lets Astro out due to the close proximity of the two Cores causing him great pain. Astro lands in a building, where he reunites with Tenma. Tenma tells him that if the Blue Core and Red Core come together, Astro and the Peacekeeper will both die. Astro decides that this was the reason he was made, and flies straight toward Stone, crashing into him and merging the Cores which destroys the Peacekeeper and frees Stone . However, with both Cores drained of energy, Astro is deactivated. Cora, Dr. Elefun and others find Astro\'s body. ZOG transfers some of his Blue Core energy  to Astro; with the catalyst restarted, the Blue Core once more becomes a limitless source of energy, so Astro is easily revived and his wounds automatically heal. Astro is reunited with Dr. Tenma, and Cora finds and makes up with her parents. Stone awakes, only to be arrested by his own troops. When an alien life-form appears over the city, the movie ends with Astro flying up to battle it.'] ['Two years after the events of the previous film, Larry Daley  is now CEO of Daley Devices, a direct response television company that sells inventions by his experiences as a night security guard at the American Museum of Natural History. While wealthy and successful he has not had the time to see his museum exhibit friends in several months. When Larry returns to the museum, he finds out that it is closed for renovations and upgrades. Interactive holograms will replace many of the exhibits, which are moving to the Federal Archives{{dn}} at the Smithsonian Institution in Washington DC. While Theodore Roosevelt , Rexy the Tyrannosaurus skeleton, the Easter Island moai , and Akhmenrah will remain at the museum, Jedediah , Dexter the Capuchin Monkey, and others will no longer come to life since the Golden Tablet of Akhmenrah that animated the exhibits each night will also remain. After the exhibits leave Larry receives a call from Jedediah. Dexter stole Akhmenrah\'s tablet and brought it to the Federal Archives, and the evil Pharaoh Kahmunrah , Akhmenrah\'s older brother, is attacking Jedediah and the other exhibits. Larry travels to Washington and visits the National Air and Space Museum, the National Gallery of Art, and the Smithsonian Institution Building, searching for the Federal Archives with the help of his son Nick . Larry locates the exhibits, frozen in their shipping container in the middle of a battle with Kahmunrah and his troops. As Larry obtains the tablet the sun sets and the exhibits, and others at the Smithsonian, come alive. Kahmunrah tells Larry that bringing exhibits to life is just one of the tablet\'s powers, and that he intends to use it to conquer the world by raising an army from the underworld. Larry escapes from the Egyptian troops with the help of General George Armstrong Custer . He meets the beautiful and adventurous Amelia Earhart , who is attracted to Larry and accompanies him through the National Gallery. Larry and Amelia trap Kahmunrah\'s soldiers in a photograph of V–J day in Times Square, but Napoleon Bonaparte  captures them. Napoleon takes Larry to Kahmunrah&mdash;who has also allied with historical leaders Ivan the Terrible  and Al Capone , and has rejected fellow villains Darth Vader and Oscar the Grouch&mdash;and Jedediah is captured trying to rescue Larry.  Kahmunrah attempts to open the Gate of the Underworld by pressing the symbols on the tablet, which resembles numbers on a keypad, but the combination has changed. The pharaoh forces Larry to obtain the new combination before sunrise by trapping Jedediah in a filling hourglass. Larry and Amelia flee from Russian troops and visit the statue of Abraham Lincoln at the Lincoln Memorial. At the National Air and Space Museum, they consult a group of Albert Einstein bobbleheads who tell them that the new combination is the value of pi. When they are found by Napoleon, Ivan, and Capone, Larry and Amelia escape in the Wright Flyer and return to the Smithsonian Institution Building. The two separate, with Amelia searching for help while Larry delays Kahmunrah. Napoleon, Ivan, and Capone obtain the combination from one of the bobbleheads. Kahmunrah opens the Gate of the Underworld and summons an army of Horus warriors. The Lincoln statue suddenly arrives, forcing the warriors to retreat to the underworld, and Amelia frees the New York exhibits from their container and recruits other Smithsonian exhibits. As the exhibits battle Larry banishes Kahmunrah to the underworld. Amelia flies Larry and the New York exhibits back to the Natural History Museum. Knowing that she will turn to dust at sunrise if she does not return to the Smithsonian, Amelia kisses Larry and leaves. Larry sells his company and donates money to the museum to restore the exhibits. Roosevelt and Akhmenrah as tour guides, Attila as a storyteller, and other exhibits come to life in public as "animatronics" at the museum, which now stays open after sunset. Larry is rehired as the night guard, and meets a young woman who looks like Amelia. She asks for help going through the museum because she is "always getting lost."'] ['The Great Leslie  and Professor Fate  are competing daredevils at the turn of the 20th century. Leslie is the classic hero in white, handsome, courteous, talented, and successful; Fate is the traditional melodramatic villain, Leslie\'s nemesis, dressed in black, sporting a black moustache and top hat, and dogged by failure. Leslie proposes an automobile race from New York to Paris, to prove a new car, the Leslie Special. Fate builds his own race vehicle, the Hannibal Twin-8, complete with hidden devices of sabotage. Others enter cars in the race, including New York City\'s most prominent newspaper. Driving the newspaper\'s car is beautiful photojournalist Maggie DuBois , a vocal suffragette. The six-car race begins, but Fate\'s sidekick Maximilian Meen  has sabotaged three other cars . The surviving teams are Leslie with his loyal mechanic Hezekiah Sturdy , Maggie DuBois driving by herself, and Fate and Max. The newspaper\'s car breaks down and Maggie accepts a lift in the Leslie Special. Fate arrives first at a refueling point, a small frontier town where the racers see a variety show featuring singer Lilli Olay . A local outlaw named "Texas Jack"  becomes jealous of Olay and a saloon brawl ensues. Fate steals the fuel he needs and destroys the rest. Maggie convinces Leslie to carry her after tricking Hezekiah and pretending he has quit. The two remaining cars reach the Bering Strait and park side-by-side in a blinding snowstorm. Keeping warm during the storm, Leslie and Maggie begin to see each other as more than competitors. Mishaps compel all four racers to warm themselves in Leslie\'s car. They awake on a small ice floe which drifts into their intended Russian port, where Hezekiah is waiting for Leslie. Maggie is snatched by Fate, who drives off in the lead. After driving across Asia, both cars enter a small kingdom whose Crown Prince Hapnick  is a double for Fate. Usurpers under the leadership of Baron Rolf von Stuppe  and General Kuhster  kidnap the Prince as well as Fate\'s party. Fate is forced to masquerade as the Prince during the coronation, so that the Baron and the General can gain control of the kingdom. Max escapes, and he and Leslie rescue the others. Leslie bests Von Stuppe in a sword fight. The dueling expands into an extended pie fight involving all the racers. As the five leave the small kingdom with Maggie now back in Leslie\'s car, it becomes a straight road race to Paris. Nearing Paris, Leslie and Maggie have a spirited argument regarding the roles of men and women in relationships. Leslie stops his car just short of the finish line under the Eiffel Tower to prove that he loves Maggie more than he cares about winning the race. Fate drives past to claim the winner\'s mantle, but after a brief triumph becomes indignant that Leslie let him win. Fate demands a rematch: a race back to New York. The film ends with the start of the return race, with newlyweds Leslie and Maggie now a team. Fate lets them start first, then attempts to destroy their car, accidentally bringing down the Eiffel Tower instead.'] ['Bob Hope plays a New York writer who has passed off his uncle\'s memoirs of explorations in Africa as his own. Hope lives his false reputation as a great white hunter to the point of living in a Manhattan apartment furnished to look like an African safari lodge complete with sound effects records of African fauna. Based on his false reputation as an "Africa Expert", he is recruited by the United States Government and NASA to locate a missing secret space probe before it can be located by hostile forces. Hope\'s co-stars include Edie Adams and Anita Ekberg playing secret agents. Golfer Arnold Palmer makes a brief cameo, playing a crazy round of golf with Hope&mdash;a scene revisited in the film Spies Like Us where Hope makes a cameo appearance and plays golf through a tent. A scene involving an unseen President John F. Kennedy in his famous rocking chair is parodied with his Russian counterpart Nikita Khrushchev rocking in a chair that squeaks loudly.'] ['{{plot}} The cartoon takes place in Vienna, Austria. The narrator says: "This is the story of a waltzing mouse. His name was Johann and he lived in Vienna  in the home of Johann Strauss."  In the walls of the house of Johann Strauss lived Johann Mouse, portrayed by Jerry. Little Johann loved Strauss\' music, and whenever the musician would play, the mouse would dance. And whenever the mouse would dance, Strauss\' housecat, portrayed by Tom, would try to catch him but always fail. One day, Strauss goes away on a journey, leaving Tom in a serious predicament . He picks up a manual on top of the piano: "How To Play The Waltz In Six Easy Lessons by Johann Strauss." Tom charges upstairs into the attic and teaches himself how to play, following the guidebook which consists of how to correctly play the first nine notes of The Blue Danube. After six lessons, he is instantaneously an accomplished pianist. Tom takes to the piano downstairs and the mouse is mesmerised by the music, into dancing. Tom attempts to squash Johann with a poker, and as he stops playing to hit Johann, the mouse is roused from his spell and scrambles back towards the hole - until Tom resumes playing. Johann turns around, hypnotised once again. The heads of some servants wondering who was playing in their master\'s abscense, pop through the door, observing the talented duo. As Tom grabs Johann, the servants applaud. Tom puts Johann down and returns to the piano, with Johann dancing again. The news quickly spreads around Vienna, reaching even the ears of Kaiser Franz Joseph I. Tom and Johann are summoned by a royal writ from the Imperial Palace to perform before the Court. The next scene opens upon the Throne-Room, with many aristocratic ladies and gentlemen, and the Emperor himself, in his throne . In the middle is a white grand piano. The doors open to reveal Tom and Jerry, both in tail-coats and bow-ties, who bow to the Emperor and enter the ballroom. Tom begins playing "Tritsch-Tratsch-Polka", and Jerry/Johann begins waltzing, occasionally using Tom\'s fingers as a dancing partner. Tom gives into his impulses and tries to capture Jerry, who again escapes into a hole in the wall. "It was the same old story", the narrator concludes. In the last scene, the mouse leaves his hole and dances, bowing to rapturous applause. An angry Tom turns the page to reveal the end of the cartoon'] ["Diana Emerson  is in the book department of Klopper's Department store looking for a copy of the book Dark Safari, written by the famed explorer Cuddleford. Buzz Johnson  overhears Diana saying that she will pay $2,500 for a map that is inside that book. He devises a plan to pass off his friend Stanley Livington  as a great explorer who accompanied Cuddleford on the expedition described in the book. With claims that he can reproduce the map, the two men go to Diana's home that very night. They agree to accompany her on an African expedition, and when Bud overhears that Clyde Beatty has been offered $20,000 to lead the expedition, he feels that the map is worth considerably more than $2,500. They travel to Africa, along with Diana's team of explorers, including Harry , 'Boots' Wilson , 'Grappler' McCoy ([[Max Baer  and Gunner , a nearsighted professional hunter. The boys learn that the true expedition is for diamonds rather than exploration, and Buzz plans to renegotiate the deal. Unfortunately Stanley cannot reproduce the map, as he has never seen it, and the two attempt to bluff their way around the jungle. Eventually the entire expeditionary team arrives at a cannibal village, where the chief offers several diamonds in exchange for Stanley . They start to chase Stanley all over the place, while Buzz buries the diamonds before the tribal warriors are finally frightened away by a large gorilla . Meanwhile, another gorilla has dug up the diamonds that Buzz has hidden. Some time after returning to the United States, Stanley owns the department store, along with the gorilla, and Buzz works for them as the elevator operator.<ref name | titleJim Mulholland | publisher181–185 | year}}"] ['Every penguin sings a unique song called a "heartsong" to attract a mate. If the male penguin\'s heartsong matches the female\'s song, the two penguins mate. Norma Jean, a female penguin, sings "Kiss", whereupon Memphis, a male penguin, sings "Heartbreak Hotel". Norma Jean chooses Memphis as her mate. She lays an egg, which is left with Memphis while Norma Jean leaves with the other females to fish. While the males struggle through the harsh winter, Memphis accidentally drops the egg, briefly exposing it to the freezing Antarctic temperatures. The resulting chick, Mumble, has blue eyes, ever-lasting down feathers, and a terrible singing voice. However, Mumble has a talent that no other penguin has ever seen before: tap dancing. One day Mumble wanders into a secluded area, where he is free to dance without any complaints. Mumble is interrupted when Boss Skua and his posse Dino, Frankie, and Vinnie attempt to eat him. Mumble stalls by asking the leader of the pack about a yellow band that is attached to his right ankle. The Boss Skua tells Mumble that he had been abducted by "aliens". Mumble narrowly escapes the hungry birds by falling into a crevice. Years later, Mumble, now an adult but still half-covered in fluffy down, joins his class graduates on their first trip into the ocean, where they find a large iceberg to rest on. After interrupting the graduates\' song, Mumble is forced to leave, and finds a smaller iceberg. A leopard seal chases him off the iceberg. After escaping the leopard seal, he befriends a small group of bachelors which are Adelie Penguins who form a club called "the Amigos": the leader Ramon, the brothers Raul and Nestor, and twin brothers Rinaldo and Lombardo. The Amigos quickly embrace Mumble\'s dance moves and assimilate him into their misfit group. Mumble\'s joy is cut short when he accidentally starts an avalanche and causes a hidden human excavator to tumble out from a glacier. Driven by curiosity, he sets out to find the "aliens" responsible for the machine. Mumble has a lot of questions, and the group suggests that he ask Lovelace, a Rockhopper penguin who answers questions in exchange for stones and is known as the guru. Lovelace has the plastic rings of a six pack entangled around his neck, which he uses to project his guru image. When asked if the rings were from the aliens, Lovelace denies that aliens exists and claims that the plastic rings were bestowed upon him by mystic beings. In Mumble\'s old home, it is mating season, and Gloria is the center of attention. Although she is surrounded by a large horde of suitors, none of their heartsongs interest her. Ramon tries to help Mumble by singing a Spanish version of "My Way", with Mumble lip syncing. Gloria is not fooled, however, for she knows Mumble cannot sing. She then notices Ramon behind Mumble\'s back. Gloria becomes angry and turns her back on Mumble. Gloria continues towards the other males visibly distraught. As a last resort, Mumble tries to persuade her to sing along to his tapping rhythm. Because of her affection for him, she complies. As Mumble\'s beat speeds up, Gloria finds the chorus to her heartsong, and realizes it is "Boogie Wonderland". Overcome with happiness that they can now be mates, the pair begin dancing, along with the other penguins. Noah the elder sees their lack of fish as punishment from the Great \'Guin for Mumble\'s dancing. Mumble tries to explain about the mysterious "aliens", and that they are the cause of the scarceness of fish, but only his mother and Gloria believe him. Noah exiles Mumble from the colony. Mumble vows that he will find the real cause of the famine. He and the Amigos return to Lovelace only to find him being choked by the plastic rings. Lovelace confesses that he got stuck in the rings while swimming near the forbidden shores. He reveals that the forbidden shores are located past the land of elephant seals and beyond the blizzard country. Mumble, the Amigos and Lovelace start their journey. Gloria tries to come, but Mumble, fearing for her safety, drives her off by insulting her singing talents. They travel across vast territories till they reach the shore. Mumble sees a boat and swims after it. He swims far, and is washed up exhausted onshore. He is rescued and kept at Marine World with some Magellanic Penguins. He tries to communicate with the "aliens", but when his pleas fail, Mumble nearly succumbs to madness after long confinement. When a girl attempts to interact with Mumble by tapping the glass, he starts dancing, and soon a large crowd gathers. He is released back into the wild, with a Tracking system on his back. He leads the humans to his colony. The other penguins are skeptical, but when Gloria notices the device, they realize that the "aliens" exist. Convinced, the penguins, along with the elders, dance with Mumble to get the humans\' attention. A research team arrives and film the penguins dancing. They bring the footage back and a worldwide debate ensues. The governments realize they are overfishing. Antarctic fishing is banned, and the fish population recovers. At this, the Emperor Penguins and the Amigos celebrate. In the final scene, a baby penguin is seen dancing next to Mumble and Gloria, revealed to be their son Erik in Happy Feet Two.'] ['Team America exists to stop terrorists from committing world crimes. With a home base within Mount Rushmore, the team consists of: Lisa, a psychologist; Carson, Lisa\'s love interest; Sarah, an alleged psychic; Joe, an all-American jock who is in love with Sarah; and Chris, a technological and martial arts expert who harbors a mistrust of actors. The team is led by Spottswoode, a United States government agent. I.N.T.E.L.L.I.G.E.N.C.E. is their highly-advanced supercomputer. The story opens in Paris, France, where the team interrupts a group of terrorists in action. During the ensuing firefight, the Team destroys the Eiffel Tower  and the Louvre, "saving" the day but ironically causing more damage than if they had not been present. Carson then proposes to Lisa, but the moment is cut short when a dying terrorist kills Carson. In search of a new member, Spottswoode recruits Gary Johnston, a Broadway actor, who was starring in Lease, and who has college majors in Theater and World Languages. Gary will use his acting talents to infiltrate terrorist organizations. Unbeknownst to the team, North Korean dictator Kim Jong-il is supplying international terrorists with weapons of mass destruction, planning a mysterious worldwide attack. I.N.T.E.L.L.I.G.E.N.C.E. is informed of a terrorist meeting in Cairo, Egypt. Gary manages to successfully infiltrate the terrorist group due to his fluency in their language, which is shown to be a caricature of Arabic that consists mainly of the words "Derka", "Muhammad" and "Jihad". During this time, both Lisa and Sarah become romantically attracted to him. Chris, however, hates Gary, because he is an actor. Gary is sent in undercover, and gains trust of a terrorist lieutenant despite having a poor disguise. The team attempts to capture the terrorists, and although Team America successfully foils the plan, their actions again leave most of the city in ruins. The group is criticized by the Film Actors Guild ([[Faggot , a union of liberal Hollywood actors. The group includes Gary\'s favorite actor, Alec Baldwin, and his heavy criticism is discouraging to Gary. Meanwhile, the United Nations assign Hans Blix to inspect Kim Jong-il\'s lair, but Blix is killed by Kim Jong-il\'s man-eating sharks. As Team America relaxes, Gary expresses his guilt to Lisa, remembering a time where his acting talent caused his brother to be killed by gorillas. As the two consummate their relationship, a group of terrorists blow up the Panama Canal. The Film Actors Guild blames Team America, believing that they are responsible, as the terrorists claim this is retaliation for Team America\'s attack in Egypt. Gary, realizing his acting talents have once again resulted in a tumult, abandons the team, causing conflict among the remaining members. Believing the terrorists to be operating within Derkaderkastan, the original members depart, only to be attacked and captured by terrorists and the North Koreans, respectively. Meanwhile, Michael Moore infiltrates the team\'s base and suicide bombs the area. Kim Jong-il, upset with the terrorists\' actions, expresses his frustration and despair by singing "I\'m So Ronery". Meanwhile, Gary slips further into alcoholism. In North Korea, Kim Jong-il plans to host an elaborate peace ceremony, inviting not only the Film Actors Guild, but also the world\'s political leaders. Alec Baldwin is chosen as the ceremony\'s host. During the celebration, a series of bombs will be detonated throughout the world, reducing every nation to a Third World country. Gary returns to the Team\'s headquarters in Mount Rushmore and finds only ruins, although Spottswoode and I.N.T.E.L.L.I.G.E.N.C.E. have survived. After regaining Spottswoode\'s trust by performing oral sex on him, and undergoing a one-day training course (shown as a [[Montage , Gary is sent to North Korea. Gary manages to free the team. They are confronted by the Film Actors Guild and a violent battle ensues, which involves panthers being released at the team, and leaving most of the Guild brutally slain, with Alec Baldwin remaining alive as the host of the ceremony. Soon after, Chris confesses to Gary that his mistrust of actors is due to the fact that he was raped by the cast of Cats at the age of nineteen. The team then confronts Kim Jong-il. Although initially unsuccessful, Gary convinces the world\'s leaders to unite when he recites the drifter\'s emotional speech that he heard in the bar, stunning Alec. Kim Jong-il then kills Alec with an assault rifle, but is defeated by Lisa and impaled on a Pickelhaube. Kim\'s bombs are disarmed; and he is revealed to be a cockroach from another planet. He flees, departing in a miniature spaceship, but promises to return. When Gary and Lisa begin a relationship, the team reunites, preparing to combat the remainder of the world\'s terrorists.'] ['Samuel L. Jackson narrates the story about a group of male penguins that make a 70-mile trek to go to their breeding grounds where females are waiting to have sex with them. These penguins include Carl  and Jimmy , two friends who talk about relationships and other things as they meet new characters including Marcus , a penguin who likes to kid around and brag about his huge penis , and Steve the snowy owl , who gives Carl advice on his life in a Freudian kind of way while billing him for the two quick sessions. Meanwhile, Melissa  and Vicky  argue about men and other women who bother them as they wait for their mates to arrive at the breeding grounds.'] ['New Yorker Mitch Robbins  has just turned 39 years old, and is thick in the middle of a midlife crisis. His best friends are also having crises of their own. Phil Berquist ([[Daniel Stern  is stuck managing his father-in-law\'s grocery store, while trapped in a sexless marriage with his overbearing wife, Arlene. Ed Furillo  is a successful businessman and playboy, having recently married an underwear model, but is struggling with the idea of monogamous marriage and the pressure to have kids. Ed often invites his two best friends on his various adventures, which are not always appreciated by Mitch, as one year earlier he suffered a mortifying injury during a holiday in Pamplona, Spain during the running of the bulls. At Mitch\'s birthday party, Phil and Ed present their joint gift: a two-week Southwestern cattle drive for all three men. Mitch initially refuses, having promised to visit his wife Barbara\'s  parents in Florida. However, they are also visited by a young check-out girl from Phil\'s grocery store who inadvertently reveals an affair she has recently had with him. Heartbroken, Arlene informs her father and files for divorce, and Phil loses his job. After Barbara insists he go, Mitch and friends travel to New Mexico, where they meet ranch owner Clay Stone  and several other participants of the cattle drive. As they "learn the ropes" of moving a herd, the trio enter a tense encounter with the ranch\'s two professional cowboys, Jeff and T.R. , when they drunkenly proposition another participant, Bonnie Rayburn . The standoff is abruptly halted when Curly Washburn , the seasoned, tough-as-nails trail boss, lassos Jeff into a chokehold, and chastises both for being intoxicated on the job. Bonnie develops a crush on Mitch after this, but Mitch does not reciprocate. Curly, Jeff, T.R., and the ranch\'s guests begin the long drive to Colorado. Curly overhears Mitch insult him and later humiliates Mitch in retaliation. After a destructive stampede is Mitch\'s fault, as punishment Curly chooses a fearful Mitch to ride with him in the canyons to find some stray cows. They spend the night alone and slowly begin to bond. Mitch discovers that despite Curly\'s tough exterior, he is a very wise man. Curly advises him how to face his problems: by concentrating on the "one thing" that is most important in his life. The next morning, Curly and Mitch are forced to deliver a pregnant cow\'s calf, which Mitch names "Norman". After Curly is forced to euthanize its ailing mother by delivering a coup de grace, Mitch informally adopts the newborn. The drive runs into trouble when Curly unexpectedly suffers a fatal heart attack. As they proceed without him, Cookie the cook  gets drunk and breaks both his legs, requiring him to be taken to a hospital. Without Curly\'s presence, Jeff and T.R. become freely intoxicated, goading Mitch into challenging them. Ed intervenes and Phil soon disarms both, furiously ordering them to go to bed. Fearing reprisals from Clay Stone, Jeff and T.R. abandon the group in the wilderness, leaving them with no trail boss, food or map. The remaining participants decide to abandon the herd and seek civilization, except for Ed and Phil, who insist on driving the herd to Colorado despite Mitch\'s pleas. The others ride on ahead, but Mitch unexpectedly returns  to rejoin his fellow "city slickers" and finish the drive. The final test of the drive involves crossing a dangerous river. Despite a violent storm, the men successfully drive most of the herd across the river, except for Norman, who is caught up in the river\'s rapid current. Mitch impulsively chases after him, successfully lassoing the calf, but in turn gets caught in the rapids; seeing this, Phil and Ed race down the bank themselves and, working together, are able to save Mitch and Norman. As the men collapse on the river bank, they all have a long laugh, having at last overcome their respective crises. From there the three easily lead the herd back to the Colorado ranch, where they are warmly received by the other participants. Clay Stone, overwhelmed, rewards the entire group, and the trio in particular, for overcoming such adversity by fully refunding their fees. To their dismay, however, Stone has decided to sell the cows to a meat company for a fine price. Mitch returns to New York a happier man, having realized that his "one thing" is his family. Ed returns home to tell his newlywed wife he is fine with having children, and Phil starts a new relationship with Bonnie. Mitch has spared Norman from the slaughter by purchasing him and bringing the calf home as a pet, at least until he can find a "nice petting zoo".'] ['Set in medieval England, the plot nominally concerns the struggle to restore the rightful heir, a baby, to the throne after the King and all his family have been disposed of. Kaye plays Hubert Hawkins, an ex-carnival entertainer who becomes minstrel to the Black Fox, a Robin Hood-type character , who actually makes only a few minor appearances in the film. The usurping King Roderick wishes his daughter, Princess Gwendolyn, to marry his neighbor, Sir Griswold of MacElwain, to enlist Griswold\'s aid against the band of rebels headed by the Black Fox. Princess Gwendolyn, however, refuses to marry Griswold, and declares that she will wed only for love, since her personal maid Griselda, who is also a witch, has predicted that a true lover will come to the castle to court her. The marriage plan also does not sit well with Lord Ravenhurst, one of Roderick\'s advisors, who fears that Grisworld\'s presence may lose him his privileged position with the king. Hawkins, whose usual task is to reveal the royal infant\'s distinct birthmark  to prospective rebel recruits, is charged with the task of carrying the child across the country to safety when Roderick\'s men threaten to discover the rebels. Disguised as an old man, he travels with Maid Jean , one of the Fox\'s lieutenants posing as his granddaughter, with whom he is in love and who has also fallen for him. They encounter the King\'s new Jester "Giacomo, \'King of Jesters and Jester of Kings\'"  on his way to the castle and knock him out, and Hawkins impersonates him, hoping to gain entry to the King\'s castle. The plan is to steal the key to a secret passage into the castle, through which the Black Fox could then attack. Hawkins is, however, unaware that the jester he is impersonating is also a famous assassin whom Lord Ravenhurst plans to employ against his rivals. Maid Jean, proceeding alone with the infant king, is captured by the King\'s men, who have been sent to round up pretty young girls to decorate the tournament. At the castle, she entrusts the infant into the care of an infiltrator working as an ostler before she is taken away. Matters become more complicated when Griselda hypnotizes Hawkins to avoid death by her princess\' hands for her as yet unfulfilled promises; in his befuddled state, Hawkins inadvertently introduces Jean to the king, who takes a fancy to her, and gets the key lost, Gwendolyn infatuated with him, and Ravenhurst entrusting him with taking out his rivals, only to have his memory erased by Griselda afterwards. She also kills Ravenhurst\'s competitors Brockhurst, Finsdale and Pertwee according to her own agenda. During the evening banquet, Sir Griswold arrives to solidify his alliance with the king. However, Gwendolyn openly declares her love for the jester, and the enraged King orders Hawkins\' death. Griswold, insulted, announces that, if "Giacomo" were a knight rather than a common clown, he would challenge him to mortal combat. Meanwhile, Ravenhurst and his fellows have learned that Hawkins is an impostor, but wrongfully assume that he is the Black Fox himself; they also find out that Maid Jean is one of the rebels and that the royal heir is in the castle. Still intent on preventing the alliance, Ravenhurst counsels the King that he can get rid of the jester by making him a knight, who would then have to fight Sir Griswold. Although the requirements for Knighthood are usually very rigorous, the King arranges for Hawkins to pass them rapidly. Jean uses her confidence with the king to steal back the key and send it to her band, although she also tries to save Hawkins by asking the Black Fox to substitute for him in the joust. But just before the rebels can use the passage, it collapses, leaving only a small crawlspace. The Black Fox decides to summon Hawkins\' friends, a troupe of acrobatic dwarves he had met earlier, from the carnival and sends them through the passage for a diversionary attack while the rest of the rebels assault the castle from the outside. Back in the castle, Hawkins becomes a knight, and Griswold immediately challenges him to a joust to the death. Griselda, under Gwendolyn\'s orders to protect Hawkins, tries poisoning one of the drinks to be used for the toast immediately before the joust, but through one of his men Griswold also learns of the poison, and after a quarrel between the two combatants about the unpoisoned drink the toast is cancelled. Against all odds, Hawkins wins the joust because his armor was incidentally magnetized by a lightning bolt, but he refuses to deliver the coup de grâce, sparing Griswold\'s life. As Griswold leaves with his soldiers, Ravenhurst denounces Hawkins and Maid Jean to the King. Before the King can pass judgement upon them, Hawkins\'s friends, who have secretly entered the court through the secret passage, rescue him and capture the castle from the King\'s soldiers. During this battle, Ravenhurst attacks Hawkins with a sword. Griselda hastily enchants Hawkins again, giving him expert prowess in fencing - some of the time. Ravenhurst is finally hurled out of the castle into the sea via catapult. Griswold returns to defend the King, but Hawkins reveals the infant king\'s birthmark to him and to his men. The former enemies all pledge allegiance to the true king, Griswold and Gwendolyn become enamored with each other, and Hawkins leads everyone in one last chorus of "Life could not better be".'] ['A year after the events of the first film, Mitch Robbins  is a much happier and livelier man, having moved out of the city and become station manager at the radio station he works at. One night, however, Mitch has a nightmare about his deceased friend, Curly , coming back to life, and apparently sees him numerous times in the distance. Furthermore, Mitch finds an old map with a missing corner inside Curly\'s hat leading to a long-lost gold bullion. With help from his best friend, Phil Berquist  and his somewhat-estranged younger brother, Glen , Mitch eventually discovers that Curly\'s father, Lincoln Washburn, stole the gold from the Western Pacific Railroad back in 1908, and hid it in the canyons of Spencer so that one day his son would find it and secure his future. With an impending trip to Las Vegas for a convention, Mitch decides to use the opportunity to go to Spencer, which is near, to try and find the gold. With Phil and Glen joining him, they buy supplies from two local cowboys, Bud and Matt, and set off on their journey. Mishaps ensue, such as Glen accidentally setting the map on fire and Phil sitting on a cactus and believing that he was bitten by a rattlesnake, but they press on, following the map\'s trail. However, during lunch, they are confronted by Bud and Matt, who Phil had recklessly told about the gold and Curly\'s father and who now want the map for themselves. Though Mitch gives them a decoy map, Bud and Matt prepare to kill them when they are rescued by a man who fights them off. The man\'s face is identical to Curly\'s, but he introduces himself as Duke , Curly\'s twin brother. Duke explains that long ago, when he and Curly were children, their father robbed the Western Pacific Railroad and promised them that one day they would all recover the gold themselves, but Lincoln got arrested. Before going to prison, however, he made a map for his sons to follow one day, and recently, their mother sent the map to Curly before she died. Curly contacted Duke to return, keeping the map in his hat until then, but he died on the cattle drive, and Curly\'s friend Cookie, the cook from the cattle drive, told Duke that Mitch had Curly\'s clothes, which was why Duke travelled to New York to find him. Though Duke prepares to leave them to search for the gold himself, Mitch persuades him to allow them to continue together, since Curly would not have approved otherwise, and Duke relents. Later on, however, Mitch starts a stampede which results in the map, the food and most of the goods getting lost. Though initially prepared to return home, Glen insists that he remembers the rest of the way, and despite the hardships of pressing on during the night, they eventually find the cave where the gold is hidden. But just as they find the gold itself, two robbers, apparently Bud and Matt again, confront them and a fight ensues in which Glen is shot. Duke discovers the bullets to be paint-filled pellets just as they are confronted by Clay Stone , the coordinator of the cattle drive, along with several of their old friends. To their dismay, Clay Stone reveals that the gold they have found is actually lead which has been painted gold, and that the two robbers are actually his sons who were only pretending to be robbers in order to "scare" potential hunters. Though Mitch, Phil and Glen return to Las Vegas, empty-handed but satisfied with their adventure, Duke remains in Spencer, convinced that there is real gold out there somewhere. Duke later visits Mitch in his hotel room in Las Vegas, and confesses to him that he was planning to cheat him and his friends out of the real gold once they had found it, but he could not bring himself to do so. Throughout Mitch\'s skepticism, Duke reveals that while Curly had the map, he had the missing corner, which is the location of the real gold, and presents Mitch with a genuine bar of gold as a gift.'] ['Interstellar warrior Shep Ramsey  is on a mission to capture intergalactic despot General Suitor ([[William Ball . The general kidnapped President Hashina, the ruler of an entire planet. Shep boards Suitor\'s flagship but is unable to rescue Hashina, who is killed by Suitor. The general then turns into a berserk reptilian alien after being wounded. Shep barely escapes, but is able to blow up the ship as he does so. Due to his failure in saving the President, Shep\'s superior officer  suggests that he is "stressed out" and should take a vacation. Annoyed, Shep accidentally smashes his control systems and is forced to crash land on Earth. He will have to stay until his spaceship repairs itself. He has little knowledge of Earth\'s customs, and his temper and sense of justice causes problems with everyone he meets, especially a mime artist he frequently runs into and tries to help such as getting him out of his \'invisible box\'. Charlie Wilcox  is a weak-willed architect working for the fawning and hypocritical Adrian Beltz ([[Larry Miller . His wife Jenny  unsuccessfully encourages him to stand up for himself. In order to help out financially, she rents out Charlie\'s hobby shed as a vacation cabin, which Shep leases. Shep\'s appearance and behavior makes Charlie nervous and he begins to spy on his guest. He soon discovers Shep\'s advanced equipment. he turns them on, not knowing that the power sources are traceable and it\'s whereabouts are now being tracked by Suitor\'s men. Suitor himself escaped the destruction of his ship and now sends a pair of intergalactic bounty hunters after Shep. Shep also requires several rare crystals to fix his ship, the closest samples of which can be found in Beltz\'s office. Charlie helps Shep get into his boss\'s office during a party, but then the bounty hunters corner them. After winning a furious fight, Shep and Charlie head home to repair the ship. After the bounty hunters\' defeat, Suitor himself comes to Earth. He takes Charlie\'s family hostage, forcing Charlie to lead him to Shep. Suitor begins torturing Shep, enjoying himself before he kills the warrior. Finding his courage, Charlie injures Suitor, who then turns into his monstrous form. Physically outmatched, Shep is forced to set his ship to self-destruct and he and Charlie manage to escape the ship\'s explosion, which destroys Suitor for good. Shep leaves Earth using the bounty hunters\' ship. He takes Beltz\'s secretary, Margie, with him, hoping for a quiet family life. Charlie, though, has become bolder from his experiences; he appears in Beltz\'s office the following morning, yelling at his boss in front of witnesses, and finally quits his thankless job.'] ["During the Qin Dynasty, general Meng Yi  is tasked to escort Princess Ok-Soo  from Korea to marry the Qin emperor in China. Along the journey, a Korean warrior attempts to seize her back but Meng Yi saves her. Ok-Soo falls in love with Meng Yi and displays her affections for him openly, but Meng keeps his honour by rejecting her and successfully completing his mission. The Qin emperor becomes critically ill later and he sends Meng Yi to find the elixir of immortality, the only thing that can save his life. The guards escorting the elixir are ambushed by rebels on the orders of the treacherous prince and chancellor. Meng Yi hands over the elixir to his deputy Nangong Yan  and dies in the ensuing battle. Although Nangong Yan manages to bring the elixir to the emperor, the prince and chancellor accuse him and Ok-Soo of treason and force them to consume the elixir, condemning them to imprisonment in the Qin emperor's mausoleum for eternity. In the present-day, Jack, an archeologist, is the reincarnation of Meng Yi, as he often dreams about his past life. One day, his friend William  invites him on a quest to find a rare material that can create a field of zero gravity. They travel to a floating tomb of a Dassar king in India, where Jack finds a sword and has a recollection of a duel he had with the king in his past life. William removes a piece of the material and accidentally collapses the zero gravity field holding up the tomb, thereby destroying it. William manages to escape but Jack leaps off a cliff and falls into a river. He loses consciousness and drifts along with the current until he is saved by an Indian girl named Samantha . Later, Samantha brings Jack to see her uncle, a Kalaripayattu guru, who enlightens him about his past and future. Jack succeeds in returning home safely and he delivers the sword to the National Museum of China as a national treasure. His action angered the leader of the secret organisation that has been funding Jack and William's treasure hunt. After extensive research, Jack and William conclude that the anti-gravity material is actually fragments of a meteorite that fell to Earth during the Qin Dynasty. They find the exact location of the Qin emperor's mausoleum, concealed behind a waterfall. The massive tomb contains the strongest fragment of the meteorite, which is powerful enough to make the tomb become a floating palace. Jack meets Ok-Soo and Nangong Yan inside the tomb and they mistake him for Meng Yi. Just then, a group of intruders led by the secret organisation's leader enters the tomb and they attempt to seize the immortality elixir, leading to an aerial fight between both them. William accidentally breaks the balance of the field after removing a piece of the meteorite and causes the tomb to collapse on itself, and dies after drowning in the mercury river. Jack escapes from the collapsing tomb, asking Ok-Soo to come with him, but she refuses after realising that Jack is not Meng Yi,saying that she will wait for real Meng Yi forever because she believes that he exists. Before the film ends, Jack is seen writing a book about his experiences, which he dedicates to William."] ['Beck  is a "retrieval expert", a bounty hunter, and after capturing a man in a club brawl wishes to get out of the business. He tells his boss, Walker  that he wants out, and his boss gives him one last job, head down to South America and get his son Travis . When Beck arrives in the town El Dorado  he meets Travis in the local bar. Travis doesn\'t want to go home, as he is close to discovering the "El Gato de Diablo" . Beck doesn\'t care, handcuffs him and begins to leave. They run into Hatcher  while leaving. Hatcher rules the town with an iron fist, forcing all the townsfolk to work for him for pennies as there is no other work in the area. Hatcher wants the Gato, as it could be worth a lot of money, and tries to take Travis. Beck easily defeats Hatcher\'s goons and begins to head back to the airfield. Travis forces the jeep off the road and the two are thrown down a mountain. Travis attempts to escape while Beck is disoriented, but he easily catches him and the two begin walking to the airfield. After an encounter with some local animals, the two run into the local resistance. At the resistance encampment, Travis convinces the Rebels that Beck works for Hatcher and was sent to kill them all. After a prolonged fight, with Beck eventually gaining the upper hand, the rebel leader Mariana  ends the fight. She wants Travis, as the Gato can be used to ensure the locals can free themselves from Hatcher. Hatcher suddenly attacks the camp, killing many rebels. Beck agrees the help Travis and Mariana find the Gato, in exchange for taking Travis home. After some searching, Travis leads them to a cave behind a waterfall. The cave is booby trapped and this causes a cave in. The group move quickly and Travis grabs the Gato as they all flee the collapsing cave. As the three are celebrating finding the Gato, Mariana chastises Travis as she knows all he wanted to do was sell the artifact, Travis argues back that he actually did want to give it to a museum. Mariana gives the two men Konlobos, a toxic fruit that paralyzes the eater. As she tells Beck which direction the airfield is, she leaves them with the fire to keep the animals away. After waking up able to move, Beck hauls Travis to the airfield. The local pilot tells Beck that Mariana was captured earlier by Hatcher, and will probably be killed. Travis pleads Beck to help, and the two head into town to rescue her. Using a cow stampede for cover, the two begin their assault on Hatcher\'s goons. Travis becomes trapped by gunfire in a bus, leading to Beck resorting to firearms, something he had previously said he is against, revealing he is a expert marksmen and easily dispatches many of Hatchers men. Hatcher tells his main guard to take Mariana and the Gato and flee, but they are stopped by Travis, who takes the Gato and leaves. Hatcher confronts Beck, but Beck grabs a gun and shoots Hatcher\'s from his hand. Hatcher is then confronted by the townspeople, and is shot and killed as he tries to leave. Travis reveals he didn\'t leave, gives the Gato to Mariana and the two of them leave as the villagers celebrate. Back in the U.S., Travis is delivered to his dad, who begins to verbally and physically abuse him. Beck comes in and asks to celebrate and gives Walker and his men Konlobos. As they are paralyzed, Beck and Travis leave, with Travis beginning to immediately annoy Beck.'] ['The Canfield and McKay families have been feuding for so long, no one remembers the reason the feud started in the first place. One stormy night in 1810, after family patriarch John McKay falls victim to the feud, his wife Mrs. McKay decides her son, Willie McKay , will not suffer the same fate. She relocates to New York to live with her sister, who after the mother\'s death raises him without telling him of the feud. Twenty-one years later, Willie  receives a letter informing him that his father\'s estate is now in his name. His aunt tells him of the feud, but he decides to return to his birthplace anyway, to claim his inheritance. On the train ride, he meets a girl, Virginia . They are shy to each other at first, but once they arrive , she invites him to dinner at her house. She is greeted by her family, the Canfields. Soon the Canfield paterfamilias knows the young McKay is in town and he\'s coming to dinner that night. He affirms the blood feud will continue but decrees that McKay must not die in the Canfield house. His sons take this to mean that anywhere beyond the walls of the house, Willie is fair game. The father refers to this as "our hospitality", a fictionalized version of the Southern code of hospitality. Meanwhile, McKay is oblivious to the seriousness of his situation, and manages to dodge bullets without really meaning to. The McKay estate turns out to be perfectly uninhabitable. Soon after arriving at the Canfield house McKay learns both that he is in the Canfields\' house and that they will not kill him inside. A parson comes to visit. After a while, the parson prepares to leave, but opening the door he finds a tremendous downpour of rain outside. The Canfield patriarch insists the parson stay at the house that night. McKay invites himself to stay the night also. The next morning, McKay does his best to stay inside the house while the Canfield men try to lure him out. After the father catches McKay kissing his daughter, McKay decides he can no longer keep trying to stay in the house. He leaves, but putting on a woman\'s dress first. He\'s able to elude the Canfield men all the way to the mountain and the waterfalls. After Willie trips and falls into the rapids, Virginia goes after him in a rowboat; overcome by the current, she winds up approaching the edge of the waterfall. In a resourceful and fearless effort, McKay swings trapeze-like on a rope, catching her hands and pulling her to a nearby embankment in mid-fall! . It grows dark and the Canfield men decide they can kill McKay the next day. Back home they find the gun cabinet completely empty, and in another room they see Willie and Virginia embracing in their bedclothes; assuming fornication, elder Canfield furiously ignores hospitality and rushes to the room, gun in hand. His clearer view reveals the parson completing nuptials for Willie and Virginia. Realizing the wrong of the violence thanks to a hanging "love thy neighbor" sampler, the father blesses the union and calls off the feud. Ordering his family to disarm, the Canfields place their individual pistols on the desk; Willie surrenders the 10 or 12 guns he took from the gun cabinet.'] [' Andy, now nearly 18 years old,{{cite web}} is leaving for college, and his toys feel like they have been abandoned as they have not been played with for years. Andy decides to take Woody with him to college and puts Buzz Lightyear and the rest of the toys in a trash bag for storage in the attic. However, the toys are accidentally thrown out when Andy\'s mom finds the bag and puts it out on the curb, causing the toys to think that they are no longer wanted. They escape and decide to climb in a donation box for Sunnyside Daycare. Woody, the only toy who saw what actually happened, follows the other toys and tries to explain that they were thrown out by mistake, but they refuse to believe him. Andy\'s toys are welcomed by the many toys at Sunnyside and given a tour of the seemingly perfect play-setting by Lots-O\'-Huggin\' Bear , Big Baby and Ken, whom Barbie falls for. All of the toys love their new home, leaving a steadfast Woody alone in an attempt to return to Andy. Woody\'s escape attempt falls short and he is found outside by Bonnie, an imaginative little girl. She takes him home and plays with him along with her other toys, who are well-treated, happy, and readily welcome Woody. At the daycare, Andy\'s toys get beaten up by the rambunctious youngest toddlers. Buzz goes to ask Lotso to transport him and the other toys to a better room, only to be caught by Lotso\'s henchmen and restored back to his original space ranger persona. At the same time, Andy\'s toys realize that Woody was right about Andy when Mrs. Potato Head sees Andy searching for them through her missing eye, which was left behind in Andy\'s room. Before they could leave, they are imprisoned by Lotso and his gang, including a reset Buzz. Back at Bonnie\'s, Woody learns from one of the toys, named Chuckles the Clown, that Lotso was once a good toy and had an owner named Daisy who also owned Chuckles the Clown and Big Baby. One day, Daisy left them behind on a picnic. The three eventually find their way back to Daisy\'s house, only to find that she replaced Lotso with an identical teddy bear. When he found Sunnyside, he and Big Baby took it over and ran it like a prison. The following morning, Woody returns to Sunnyside through Bonnie\'s backpack. He sneakily reaches his friends and tells them he is sorry for leaving them. They quickly formulate an escape plan. That night, Woody and Slinky sneak through Sunnyside to the main office, where Chatter informed them that a cymbal-banging monkey monitors the CCTV system to prevent toys escaping. A brief fight ensues, ending with the Monkey wrapped in sticky tape and locked in a filing cabinet by Slinky. Slinky signals to the other toys while Mr. Potato head provides a diversion, they make their escape. In the process, Buzz is accidentally reset into a Spanish mode, in which he becomes very flamboyantly chivalrous and his memory is wiped; despite this, Buzz allies himself with Woody\'s friends, and immediately falls in love with Jessie. The toys reach a dumpster, but are caught by Lotso and his gang. As a garbage truck approaches, Woody reveals what he heard about Lotso, and Big Baby throws Lotso into the dumpster. Seeking revenge, Lotso pulls Woody in the dumpster just as the truck collects the trash. Woody\'s friends jump into the back of the truck, trying to rescue him and a falling television hits Buzz when he tries to save Jessie, returning him to his normal self. The toys find themselves at the dump and are pushed onto a conveyor belt leading to a garbage shredder. Woody and Buzz save Lotso just in time as he is about to be shredded and Woody and the other toys end up on another conveyor belt, leading to an incinerator. The toys help Lotso reach an emergency stop button, but he leaves them to their deaths. Thinking that this is the end, the toys join hands and accept their fate but are rescued by the Aliens using a giant claw. Lotso makes his way outside, but a passing truck driver finds him and, recognizing he had the toy as a kid, straps him to the radiator grill of his truck. Meanwhile, Woody and his friends board another trash truck driven by an older Sid Phillips back to Andy\'s house. In Andy\'s room, Woody climbs back into the box with Andy\'s college supplies while the other toys ready themselves for the attic. Remembering his time with Bonnie and her toys, Woody has an idea and leaves a note for Andy on the toys\' box. Andy, thinking the note is from his mother, takes them to Bonnie\'s house and introduces her to his old toy and Bonnie recognizes Woody, who, to Andy\'s surprise, is lying at the bottom of the box. Andy is initially reluctant to give him up but eventually does so and spends some time playing with her. After Andy leaves, Woody introduces the gang to Bonnie\'s toys as the camera pans up to the sky. During the credits, Woody and the other toys learn through notes passed in Bonnie\'s backpack that Barbie, Ken and Big Baby have improved the lives of the toys  at Sunnyside. Buzz uncontrollably dances with Jessie to a Spanish version of "You\'ve Got a Friend in Me."'] ['The pirate Yellowbeard  was incarcerated for 20 years for tax evasion — apart from his years terrorizing the high seas . He survives the sentence but has not disclosed the whereabouts of his vast treasure . The Royal Navy hatches a plot to increase his sentence by 140 years, knowing that he will escape in a rage to set out for his treasure. This he does, recruiting a motley crew of companions. He had left a map of the treasure in the chimney of his wife\'s pub, but she burned the map. She then tells Yellowbeard that she had the map tattooed on their son\'s head. Things go wrong when his former shipmate-turned-traitor Bosun Moon\'s  press gangs take over the ship. With the Head of the Secret Service  hot on their trail, they eventually find the island, where a group of AWOL Spanish Conquistadors  have taken residence with their ill-gotten gains, and the battle for the treasure commences. During the battle he recalls the steps to his buried treasure saying "Stagger, Stagger, Crawl, Crawl" in reference to the injured state he was in when he hid the treasure.'] ['Harold Van Pelham  is a rich businessman who fancies himself deathly sick when in fact he is perfectly fine. He decides to sail to a small, nearly unknown island some distance West of South America named "El Paradiso" for his health. Instead of the peace and seclusion he is seeking, he finds himself in the midst of a revolution, although for a long time he does not realize this . Finally, he is thrown into prison where he meets the friendly giant, Colosso . Together, they engineer an escape. After Harold helps Colosso pull out a bad tooth, Colosso is eternally grateful and vows to do Harold\'s will. Harold decides that the revolution is bad for his health and must be stopped. Harold, Colosso, and Harold\'s nurse  manage to single-handedly quell the revolution. Finally, Harold realizes that he is not as sick as he thought he was.'] ['Race teams have gathered in Connecticut to start their cross-country race. One at a time, teams drive up to the starters\' stand, punch a time card to indicate their time of departure, then take off. Among the teams are: :*J.J. McClure  and Victor Prinzi  drive a souped-up, but otherwise authentic, Dodge Tradesman ambulance.  :*Former open-wheel icon  Jamie Blake , and his teammate Morris Fenderbaum , dressed as Catholic priests drive a red Ferrari 308 GTS. (Based on an entry in the real-life 1972 race, in which three men disguised as priests  :*Jill Rivers  and Marcie Thatcher , two attractive women start the race in a black Lamborghini Countach. :*Jackie Chan and Michael Hui race as drivers of a high-tech, computer-laden Subaru GL Hatchback with a rocket-powered engine. :*A pair of good ol\' boys, played by Terry Bradshaw and Mel Tillis, drive a street-legal replica of Donnie Allison\'s Hawaiian Tropic-sponsored NASCAR Winston Cup Chevrolet stock car owned by Hoss Ellington.  :*Roger Moore plays "heir to the Goldfarb Girdles fortune" Seymour Goldfarb, Jr., who perpetually identifies himself as actor Roger Moore and signs in to the race under that name; his character behaves similarly to James Bond and only once  is referred to by his real name. He drives a silver Aston Martin DB5. :*Jamie Farr portrays an oil-rich Middle-Eastern Sheikh driving a white Rolls-Royce Silver Shadow. At the starting line, observing from the shadows, is Mr. Arthur J. Foyt , a representative of the , who tries to stop the race because of its environmental effects and safety issues. In the car with him is Pamela Glover. Shortly after they leave the starting line, J.J. and Victor  come across Foyt and Glover, who have been involved in a minor fender-bender. Glover implores J.J. and Victor to help, but when they tell Foyt to enter the ambulance through the back door, they kidnap Glover and take off without Foyt. As the race progresses, various teams are shown either evading law enforcement, most of which deal with talking their way out of a possible ticket, or concocting crazy schemes to outmaneuver their opponents. :*Jill and Marcie use sex appeal as their weapon, unzipping their race suits to display copious amounts of cleavage during traffic stops.  :*In New Jersey, the ambulance is pulled over by state troopers; Dr. Van Helsing drugs Glover, and J.J. and Victor are able to convince the troopers that they\'re rushing "the Senator\'s wife" to UCLA for medical treatment . :*The Subaru team is able to turn off their car\'s headlights and use infrared sensors for racing at night. :*Seymour Goldfarb is frequently shown evading police by using various James Bond-type gadgets  installed in his Aston Martin DB5. :*Mr. Compton  and "Super Chief" Finch  disguise themselves as a newlywed couple on a motorbike, but Finch\'s extra weight forces the two to ride cross-country in a permanent wheelie. The primary rivalry in the film is between the teams in the ambulance and the Ferrari. In Ohio, Fenderbaum and Blake are able to convince Victor to pull over their ambulance in order to bless the patient on board. While Blake carries out the blessing, Fenderbaum punctures one of the ambulance\'s rear tires with a knife. Later in Missouri, J.J. gets his revenge by convincing a nearby police officer that the two men dressed as priests are actually sex perverts who are responsible for the flashing victim in the ambulance. Meanwhile Foyt, with the help of his government agency, is able to set up a roadblock and catch several teams . Similar scenes continue to build up to the conclusion of the movie. The remaining teams find themselves stopped on a desert highway, next to a roadside market, waiting for construction work to clear the road ahead of them. While waiting, a biker gang  shows up and begins harassing Compton and Finch. The harassing quickly gets out of hand and a free-for-all fistfight ensues with everyone getting in on the action. Naturally the Subaru team  and the remaining teams join in the massive fight. In the middle of the fight, the construction crew announces that the road is open, and the teams sprint back to their cars for the final race to the finish. The ambulance falls behind the rest of the pack, until Victor changes into his super-hero alter-ego Captain Chaos. The vehicles all arrive at the finish line\'s parking lot at the same time, and it\'s a foot race to the finish line . In the sprint, J.J. hands his team\'s time card to Victor, then ambushes the remaining racers, leaving only Victor and one of the Lamborghini women. Just when it appears Victor will reach the time clock first, a scream rings out and a spectator shouts that her "baby" has fallen into the water. Victor, still in his Captain Chaos persona, quits the race and rushes to save the baby , allowing Marcie to clock in first and win the race. After Marcie won, J.J. got mad at Victor for saving a dog instead of winning and then saids that Victor needs to stop being Captain Chaos, then Victor saids he doesn\'t care and he wanted to be Captain USA. Foyt then appeared and asked everyone how happy for ruining the American highway, then Seymor offered him a cigar and told him to use the lighter in his car  and nothing happened when he told everybody to see what happens next, Seymor then asked how he lit his cigar and pressed the button and his plan backfired him as he plummed to the water. Everyone then celebrated after Seymor did his backfire on his lighter.'] ['The film is told in flashback as Diane  explains to American Intelligence how transmissions from passengers picked up from a missile to the moon are by Americans rather than Russians. Harry and Chester are defrauding people in Calcutta by selling a "Do it yourself interplanetary flight kit" that injures Chester giving him amnesia. An Indian doctor  says the only way for Chester\'s amnesia to be cured is through help from monks in a lamasery in Tibet. At the airport Chester mistakenly picks up a suitcase featuring a marking designed to be a point of contact between agents of a SPECTRE type organisation called "The Third Echelon". Diane, a Third Echelon secret agent, is supposed to give plans of a Russian rocket fuel stolen by the Third Echelon to the man with the suitcase who is taking them to their headquarters in Hong Kong but she mistakenly thinks Chester is the contact and gives them to him. Arriving in Tibet, the two make their way to the lamasary in Lost Horizon fashion. In the lamasary not only do the lamas cure Chester, but they have a Tibetan tea leaf that gives super memory powers to those who consume it. Chester and Harry view the results with lamas memorising great works of Western literature in the manner of Fahrenheit 451; one giggling lama  memorising Lady Chatterly\'s Lover. The scheming Harry decides to steal a bottle to give Chester the power of photographic memory for lucrative nefarious purposes. Returning to Calcutta where they are followed by Diane, Harry has Chester test the results of the memory herb by memorising the rocket formula that Diane placed in Chester\'s coat. Not knowing what it is, Harry destroys it after Chester has successfully memorised it. Diane arrives too late, but after seeing the results of Chester\'s reciting the formula she offers them $25,000 to meet her in Hong Kong. At the airport on the way to Hong Kong an agent of the High Lama replaces the stolen Tibetan herbs with a similar bottle containing ordinary tea leaves. The Third Echelon is seeking the fuel for their own spacecraft with an underwater launching pad in Hong Kong. Their eventual goal is to be the first on the moon where they will establish a base to launch nuclear weapons against Earth to bring the survivors of a docile Earth under their control. With a Russian launch to the moon carrying two apes imminent, the Third Echelon, who were going to emulate the Soviet achievement, decides to gain respect at the United Nations by launching two human astronauts instead of the apes; Chester and Harry. The two are launched to the moon to test the capabilities of their spacecraft and the effects of spaceflight upon humans before beginning their scheme. The mission is successful with moonlight bringing back Chester\'s photographic memory. Diane decides to leave the Third Echelon when she discovers that once they have extracted the final formula from Chester they plan to dissect Chester and Harry to see the effects of space travel. Diane helps Chester and Harry escape where they are pursued through Hong Kong leading Diane to the authorities and Chester and Harry to meet Dorothy Lamour at a night club where they are recaptured by the Third Echelon. Hope, Crosby and Collins end up in a rocket bound for another planet. There they meet a new comedy team – "The Italians!" as Hope calls them, Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin.'] ['The Tweedys are a middle-aged couple who run their chicken farm somewhere in Yorkshire, England. Mrs. Tweedy serves as the genius but high-tempered wife of Mr. Tweedy, who is rather slow and timid, but handles his manual work industriously. The coop is run in the style of a World War II POW camp, with the chickens accountable for the number of eggs they lay daily. One chicken, Ginger, who is often treated as the chickens\' leader, has attempted numerous plans to flee the coop, aided by contraband smuggled in by two rats, Nick and Fetcher. However, Ginger is routinely captured by Mr. Tweedy and his dogs, and is thrown into a coal bin for solitary confinement numerous times. Ginger is finally released from the coal bin just in time for roll call the next day. Mrs. Tweedy finds on her clipboard that a chicken named Edwina had not laid any eggs. With that, Mrs. Tweedy grabs Edwina and takes her to "the chop". Mrs. Tweedy beheads Edwina with a hatchet and cooks her for dinner. Ginger becomes increasingly desperate to find a plan of escape which will work, faces problems with Nick and Fetcher, who are tired of being paid with chicken feed and want eggs instead. Meanwhile, Mrs. Tweedy realizes that the couple\'s farm is failing, and reads a catalogue on an ambiguous method of increasing profits at the couple\'s farm. Ginger, realizing something is wrong, attempts to convince herself and the other chickens to speed up their efforts to escape. However, Ginger soon comes to the conclusion that the only escape route is to go over the fence, something Ginger and the other chickens cannot do. Later that same night, as Ginger sits outside, she sees a Rhode Island Red cockerel that seemingly flies over the fence and accidentally crashes into the coop. The other chicken fawn over the new arrival, who introduces himself as Rocky, while Ginger finds the first half of a poster with a picture of Rocky on it; showing it to the other chickens and explaining how Rocky came in, Ginger claims that Rocky can fly. Upon discovering that Rocky is from a circus, Ginger agrees to hide Rocky from his owners if he teaches them how to fly. Rocky reluctantly agrees, but due to injuring his wing as a result of his landing, he cannot show them immediately. Instead, Rocky puts Ginger and the other chickens through a set of exercises that seem to have no purpose while assuring them that all the chickens are making progress. Meanwhile, a large pie-making machine arrives, which Mr. Tweedy begins assembling. At the same time, Mrs. Tweedy orders food rations doubled. Ginger proclaims that their intent is to fatten them up, and then kill them, only for Rocky to drag her off. The two of them argue, Rocky claiming that Ginger\'s honesty will demoralize the chickens, and Ginger refusing to lie to the other hens. Discovering that the chickens have gone into depression following Ginger\'s announcement, Rocky organizes a party using a radio obtained by Nick and Fetcher, and he and Ginger grow closer whilst dancing. During the party, Rocky\'s arm is shown to have healed. Once the pie machine is complete, the Tweedys kidnap Ginger for its first test. Rocky follows Ginger into the machine and eventually rescues her, damaging the machine and giving Rocky and Ginger more time to work on their escape. Fowler, an older cockerel who has been doubting of Rocky\'s acts, gives him his respect for rescuing Ginger and his old Royal Air Force  badge in tribute. Rocky decides to flee the farm the next day, leaving behind Fowler\'s medal and the second half of his poster, showing that he was actually a stunt cockerel, only "flying" by being shot out of a cannon. This revelation outrages the other chickens, and a fight soon breaks out as morale falls. When Fowler arrives to try and restore order, he begins talking of his days in the RAF, leading Ginger to realize that she and the other chickens can build a plane made from Fowler\'s pictures and personal recollections. Supplied by Nick and Fetcher, the chickens race against time to assemble their plane as the Tweedys work to repair the pie machine. The chickens finally finish their plane just as Mr. Tweedy unexpectedly completes all the repairs of the pie machine and enters the coop to grab all the chickens. However, the chickens launch an open revolt, tying up and gagging Mr. Tweedy and readying the plane. As the chickens prepare for take-off, Mr. Tweedy ends up freeing himself and knocks down the ramp used to get the plane airborne. Ginger jumps down while Fowler turns the plane around, which knocks Mr. Tweedy unconscious. As Ginger struggles to lift the ramp, Mrs. Tweedy arrives and attempts to kill Ginger with her used hatchet. However, Rocky, having had a change of heart, jumps over the fence aboard his tricycle and hits Mrs. Tweedy in her face, briefly knocking her senseless. Rocky and Ginger grab onto the string of lights caught on the plane\'s landing gear as the plane takes off, but Mrs. Tweedy soon awakens and also grabs the lights, weighing down the plane. Ginger heads down the string to cut it, but accidentally loses her scissors. Realizing what is the only way left to cut the lights, Ginger manages to trick Mrs. Tweedy into using the hatchet to sever the string, which causes Mrs. Tweedy to fall, crash into the pie machine, and plugging her into the safety valve. This causes the pie machine to build-up pressure and explode in a mushroom cloud of gravy, destroying the barn and covering the entire farm with gravy, leaving only just the barn door standing. The chickens continue to fly to freedom as Mr. Tweedy reminds Mrs. Tweedy: "I told you they was organized". Mr. Tweedy later drops the door on top of Mrs. Tweedy before she can lash out on him. In the epilogue, the chickens find their idyllic setting in a bird sanctuary, where they can live in comfort and raise their new chicks. Rocky and Ginger, having fallen in love with each other, become a couple. Meanwhile, Nick and Fetcher discuss their plans of starting their own chicken farm, so they can have all the eggs they could eat. However, Nick and Fetcher ends up arguing with each other over whether the chicken or the egg came first. Their argument ultimately continues during the closing credits and even involves Rocky breaking it up in a post-credits scene.'] ['A teenaged son has run away from home. His father is ineffective at finding him, so his mother contacts two former lovers from around the time her son was conceived, telling them both that the child is their son and asking them to look for him. One of them  is a tough journalist investigating the Mafia, while the other  is a timid former teacher who was on the verge of committing suicide when he received the telephone call. The two former boyfriends finally meet, and together they locate the son. They both argue who is really the father. In the end the son tells both Depardieu and Richard  that his mother thinks that he is the father. Thus, the son adopts both of them as his fathers, and also reconciles with his real father.'] [" Justin Playfair  is a millionaire who retreats into fantasy after the death of his wife, imagining himself to be Sherlock Holmes, the legendary fictional detective. Complete with deerstalker hat, pipe and violin, he spends his days in a home-made criminal laboratory, constantly paranoid about plots hatched by his  arch-enemy, Professor Moriarty. When his brother  tries to place Justin under observation in a mental institution so he can get power of attorney, Justin attracts the attention of Dr Mildred Watson , a psychiatrist who becomes fascinated by his case. Justin demonstrates a knack for Holmesian deduction, then he walks out of the institution during the ensuing confusion. Watson comes to his home to attempt treatment. Playfair is initially dismissive of Watson's attempts at psychoanalyzing him, but when he hears her name, he enthusiastically incorporates her into his life as Doctor Watson to his Holmes. The duo then begin an enigmatic quest for Moriarty, with Playfair/Holmes following all manner of bizarre and  unintelligible clues, and the two growing closer to each other in the process."] ['To control the oceans for E. I. Co., Lord Cutler Beckett executes anyone associated with piracy and uses Davy Jones to destroy all pirate ships on the seas. Condemned prisoners sing "Hoist the Colours" to prompt the nine pirate lords of the Brethren Court to convene at Shipwreck Cove; however, the late Captain Jack Sparrow, pirate lord of the Caribbean, never appointed a successor by passing on his piece of eight. Captain Barbossa leads Will, Elizabeth, Tia Dalma and the crew of the Black Pearl to rescue Jack from Davy Jones\'s Locker. Sao Feng, pirate lord of the South China Sea, possesses "The Navigation Charts", a map to the Locker where Jack is imprisoned. Will bargains with Feng for the Pearl in exchange for Sparrow, so Will can rescue his father from Davy Jones and The Flying Dutchman. Meanwhile, Davy Jones - under control of Lord Beckett  - destroys several pirate ships, leaving no survivors. Beckett confronts Jones with his decision to place the Chest of Davy Jones on board his ship The Flying Dutchman and post Marines to guard it under command of the very man who stole Jones\' heart, Admiral James Norrington. The crew meanwhile journeys into the Locker, retrieves Sparrow and the Pearl, but must find a way out. As the Pearl seeks an escape route, dead souls float past, including Elizabeth\'s father Weatherby Swann, murdered by Beckett. Tia Dalma reveals that Davy Jones was appointed by Calypso, his lover and goddess of the Sea, to ferry the dead to the next world; in return, Jones could step upon land for one day every ten years to be with his love. When she failed to meet him, he abandoned his duty and transformed into a monster, along with the rest of his crew. Jack then finds a means of escape encoded in the "Navigation Chart". On returning to the living world, the Pearl is ambushed by Sao Feng, who reveals his agreement with Will. Feng betrays Will, handing over the crew to Beckett in exchange for the Pearl. Beckett takes Sparrow aboard his flagship, the Endeavour, but Jack refuses to divulge where the Brethren Court will convene. Jack offers to lure the Court out, in exchange for Beckett\'s protecting him from Jones. Feng then bargains with Barbossa to release the Pearl in exchange for Elizabeth, whom he believes is Calypso in human form. Feng\'s ship, The Empress, leaves with Elizabeth, and the Pearl launches a running broadside against the Endeavour, allowing Jack to escape back to the Pearl, though not before damaging the Endeavour\'s mainmast and delaying Beckett for several hours. Feng tells Elizabeth that the first Brethren Court trapped Calypso in human form so men could rule the oceans with ease. When Davy Jones attacks Feng\'s ship, the mortally wounded Feng appoints Elizabeth his successor, then she and the crew are imprisoned in the Flying Dutchmans brig. Bootstrap Bill Turner  tells Elizabeth that whoever stabs Davy Jones\' heart becomes the next captain of the Dutchman. Admiral Norrington, regretting betraying the crew of the Pearl and disgusted at Beckett\'s behavior, frees Elizabeth and her crew. They escape to their ship, but Norrington is killed by a crazed Bootstrap Bill. Will leaves a trail of floating corpses for Beckett\'s ship to follow. Jack catches Will in the act, though reveals it was part of his plan. Jack suggests he stab the heart to solve Will\'s conflicting obligations to his father and to Elizabeth, then forces Will overboard after giving him his compass  so as to allow Beckett can find Shipwreck Cove. Will is rescued by the Endeavour, and Davy Jones reveals to him that he masterminded Calypso\'s imprisonment at the First Brethren Court. At Shipwreck Cove, the pirate lords present their nine "pieces of eight", but disagree over Barbossa\'s proposal to free Calypso. Meanwhile on the Pearl Tia Dalma  plays her music box, then hears another, which is revealed to belong to Jones. Jones asks why she left him, to which she replies "It is my nature". He reveals the pirates plans to free her. Calypso declares that she will only let them free her so she can take revenge for her imprisonment, allowing Beckett to succeed and she and Jones to be together. Back at Shipwreck Cove, Barbossa calls upon Captain Teague, Jack\'s father and Keeper of the Pirate\'s Code, to confirm that only an elected \'Pirate King\' can declare war. There have been no Pirate Kings since the first Court because the Pirate Lords always vote for themselves, and no Lord has ever had a plurality. Jack calls for a vote, the first eight Lords vote for themselves, and Jack breaks the stalemate by voting for Elizabeth. She is now "king", and she favors a war. The pirates prepare for battle, but Barbossa quietly takes the pieces of eight for himself. The next day, during a parley with Beckett and Jones, Elizabeth swaps Sparrow for Will after realizing Jack and Will have planned to have Jack stab the heart; this places Jack on the Dutchman with the heart, however, he is at first stuck in the brig, to Jones\' delight. Elizabeth is still determined to fight, despite the fact that the armada outnumbers the pirate fleet by over a hundred to one, not including the considerable advantage provided by the Dutchman. Barbossa steals Jack\'s and Elizabeth\'s "pieces of eight" and uses it and its counterparts to free Calypso from human form. As she transforms, Will knows that she will not bring them favor, and discloses that Davy Jones betrayed her to the Brethren Court. Barbossa prays for her help, but Calypso\'s fury unleashes a violent storm and a maelstrom, in which The East India Company and the Brethren Court will battle, but only the Dutchman and the Pearl can participate due to their ethereal nature . Sparrow escapes the Dutchmans brig and steals the Dead Man\'s Chest, which leads to a duel with an irate Jones, during which his sword is shattered. In the heat of battle Will proposes to Elizabeth, who accepts, and during the fighting Captain Barbossa marries them. Will and Elizabeth board the Dutchman to retrieve the chest, but Jones defeats both before being confronted by Jack, whose has acquired both the key and the chest and threatened to stab the heart. Jones, in a moment of spite, thrusts his sword through Will\'s chest. This breaks the hold the Dutchman has on Bootstrap Bill\'s mind, and attacks Jones in a rage. Sparrow places his broken sword in Will\'s hand forces him to stab it. Jones spasms, turns, sees the pierced heart and falls into the maelstrom, uttering Calypso\'s name for the last time. Jack and Elizabeth escape the Dutchman and its crew, along with Will, is pulled under. While Elizabeth is devastated, Jack orders the Pearl to weigh anchor, obstinately to show his fulfillment of the deal he made with Beckett. Having lost the Dutchman and Jack still a dangerous liability, Beckett moves to attack the Pearl, justifying it as "just good business". The storm and maelstrom have ceased, but the Dutchman resurfaces with Will as the captain and the crew restored to human form. Bootstrap had removed Will\'s heart and put it in the Chest. The Dutchman and the Pearl turn about and attack the Endeavour, annihilating the ship and a shattered Beckett; with no leader and facing two seemingly invincible ships, the armada retreats. Will is bound to sail the sea as the Dutchmans captain, ferrying the dead. Elizabeth bids Jack, Barbossa and the crew farewell; then she and Will have one day together. He departs after giving Elizabeth the Dead Man\'s Chest. Jack and Gibbs find themselves stranded in Tortuga: Barbossa has commandeered the Pearl in order to find the Fountain of Youth, only to discover Jack had already cut out the middle of the map as insurance. The film ends with Jack sailing from Tortuga in a dingy to find the Fountain. In a post-credits scene set ten years later, Elizabeth and her son  watch from a seacliff as the Dutchman appears with Will Turner aboard, anticipating "one day on land" to spend with Elizabeth. While unclear in the film, the writers of the film stated in blog posts and in video commentary that as Elizabeth stayed faithful to Will unlike Calypso, Will is actually released from his duty on the Flying Dutchman and is free to live out his days on land{{Citation needed}}'] ['{{plot}} After the credits we see Sal and Chester Hooton,  an old married couple. They are visited by an equally old Duke Johnson  and the three reminisce about their previous adventure in the Klondike. The film flashes back to the turn of the century. A man is murdered and two thugs, McGurk  and Sperry , steal a map to a gold mine. The map and mine belonged to a man named Van Hoyden and the dying man tells Sal  the mine is in Alaska and to find a man named Ace Larson. Sal manages to get on the last boat to Alaska before McGurk and Sperry. To evade the police, the thugs duck into a theater, where Duke and Chester are performing vaudeville. They proceed to work the crowd with a "ghost scam" into "gambling" their money in hope of doubling it. As the police find the thugs, they escape onstage and reveal Chester hiding under the table with the crowd\'s money. Duke and Chester are forced to flee the angry mob. As Duke divides their money, Chester is fed up with having to jump from town to town. Duke convinces him to head north to Alaska to prospect for gold. Chester refuses on the grounds that every time Duke gets a "great idea", Chester is the one that gets the runaround. He even pulls out a black book with a list of every time Duke has taken advantage of him. Chester then takes all the money and tells Duke to go on without him. As McGurk and Sperry get on the boat bound for Alaska, Duke and Chester prepare to part ways. As they bid a solemn goodbye, and picking each others pocket, Duke steals the money. Chester waves goodbye until he sees Duke counting the money and changes boats at the last moment. He\'s about to throttle Duke when he realizes the boat has left the dock, for Alaska. In Duke\'s cabin, Chester takes the money back and goes to put it in a safe, which turns out to be a porthole. With no money to pay for passage, they are forced to scrub the deck and shovel coal. Sal arrives in Alaska and meets with Ace Larson , a saloon owner and friend of her father. Instead of going to the police, Larson assures Sal that he\'ll take care of things. He gives her a job performing in his saloon, an act which infuriates Larson\'s girlfriend, Kate . Larson tells Kate how he really plans to take Sal\'s gold mine for the two of them and passionately kisses her. While doing housekeeping duties in a cabin, Chester finds the map to the gold mine. As the thugs enter behind them, Duke and Chester realize they\'ve found the Van Hoyden map and the occupants are the killers. They overpower the thugs and take their place to get off the boat, only to find the entire town is terrified of the real thugs. Thinking they can get anything they want, Duke and Chester adopt the tough persona and head to the saloon. They argue over who gets to hold the map and decide to tear it in half and each man keep his for safe keeping. While enjoying "free" champagne and lots of dancing girls, they see Sal\'s singing routine and are both instantly smitten. Thinking they are McGurk and Sperry, Sal plays up to both of them and sends a note to Chester. She doubts they are the real killers, but Ace\'s lackey, Lebec, reminds her that the map is the most important thing and to get it at all costs. Chester  falls head over heels for Sal and confides in her about the map, even telling her how Duke hid his half in his hat. Sal sends him away but tells him to return at midnight. Meanwhile, Duke receives a note from Sal, and thinking he\'s McGurk, Sal plays up to him, allowing Lebec to take his hat and the map. She also sends him away telling him to return at midnight. Duke and Chester are at first shocked to be on a date with the same woman, but the night is cut short when the real McGurk and Sperry burst into the hotel. As they make a hasty exit, Sal learns she only gave half of the map to Ace. Duke and Chester manage to escape by dog sled. Meanwhile, Ace is furious to only have half a map, and sends Kate to the get the other half, with Lebec as a backup plan. Kate tries to pull the "stranded girl in the snow" routine to attract Duke and Chester, but is interrupted by Sal\'s arrival. The four of them head to a nearby cabin. Kate tells Sal that they need to get the other half or the men will be killed.  After a failed attempt to get the map, Sal gets "McGurk"  to reveal "Sperry"  has hidden his half in his undershirt. She plays to "McGurk" and tells him that "Sperry" wants to steal his half and they should run away together. Duke then reveals his true identity and says he\'ll take care of "Sperry" as Kate walks in. Sal, now realizes how much she loves Duke, refuses to go along with the plan. But Kate warns her that only Ace can keep them from being killed and the only way to get to him is to give up the map. Sal reluctantly agrees to steal the map while the men sleep, and the two girls leave the next morning with Lebec. Duke and Chester are confronted by the real McGurk and Sperry and they realize the girls had stolen the map. They still manage to escape and the after a merry chase through the mountains head back to town. Sal tells Ace she\'ll only give up the map if he refuses to kill Duke and Chester, but instead he forms a posse to dispose of them. Somehow they managed to steal the map back, rescue Sal, scare away the mob and get rid of McGurk and Sperry. They escape by dog sled with the mob after them but the sled overturns. The ice splits, leaving Sal and Chester on one side, and Duke on the side of the mob. He throws them map, wishes them well and turns to face the mob. The movie flashes back into the present with aged Duke telling Sal and Chester how he escaped the mob. He is then surprised to hear Chester and Sal have a son. They call for him, and ironically he bears a striking resemblance to Duke. Chester looks into the camera and says, "We adopted him."'] ['In outer space, a United States-owned satellite blows up and one of the last remaining pieces, a beacon, is sent hurdling towards Earth where it lands in Australia, only to be swallowed by a crocodile. Back at the CIA, Agent Buckwhiler and Deputy Director Reynolds reveal that, in the wrong hands, the beacon can change the axis of power in the world, so they send two agents, Robert Wheeler and Vaughn Archer, down to Australia to retrieve the beacon. Department Director Ansell also secretly hires an operative of his own, Jo Buckley, to go and retrieve the beacon before Wheeler and Archer, so Ansell can take Reynolds\' job. In Australia, the crocodile that swallowed the beacon lives in a river next to the house of Brozzie Drewitt, an obnoxious cattle station owner who is taking it in her own hands to kill the crocodile for preying on her cattle. Because of this, the Department of Fauna and Fisheries send one of its workers, Sam Flynn, to Drewitt\'s house. Sam attempts to convince Brozzie to hire some professionals to relocate the animal, instead of having her kill it, which is illegal. Despite Flynn\'s words, Brozzie attempts to kill the crocodile later that night, only to fail. Meanwhile, the Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin and his wife Terri are filming a documentary about the "less-lovable of Australia\'s wildlife" when they are hired to by Flynn to relocate the crocodile that has been bothering Brozzie. Steve successfully gets the crocodile in his boat. Wheeler and Archer are nearby using GPS technology to track the beacon. When the two agents see Steve and Terri zoom past them in their boat with the crocodile who swallowed the beacon on board, they are convinced that the Irwins have the beacon. They call up the CIA, who believe the Irwins plan to use the beacon to pay for a multi-million dollar expansion to Australia Zoo. Steve and Terri board up the crocodile in a crate and put it in the back of the truck to drive to a new river system. Wheeler and Archer follow them from behind in a Jeep, and when Wheeler hops on the top of the Irwins\' truck, Steve believes them to be poachers who are after the crocodile. Steve climbs up on the roof and, after a brief fistfight, manages to knock Wheeler off the truck. When the Irwins reach the river, Steve opens the crocodile\'s crate and discovers that the crocodile had defecated. In the poop, Steve sees a shiny metal object  which he mistakes to be a misproperly discarded children\'s spinning top toy. Steve and Terri successfully get the crocodile in the river, but Wheeler and Archer show up again in a boat, determined to get the beacon. Jo Buckley shows up in an ultralight and throws sticks of dynamite down on Wheeler and Archer\'s boat, destroying it and knocking the two agents in the river. Steve believes that he and Terri are caught up in the middle of a "poacher war" and, not wanting the dynamite to hurt the newly relocated crocodile, gets a rope out of the boat and lassoes the aircraft, causing it to crash in the river and seemingly kill Buckley. It turns out Buckley did indeed survive and she swims to shore to inform Ansell via a phone call that she failed. Ansell informs Buckley that he is currently on the run from the CIA and the police for hiring her for the mission. He is successfully found by police, ending the phone call. Due to Wheeler and Archer\'s failure to retrieve the beacon, the CIA decides that it is time for drastic measures and they call up President George W. Bush in the White House to request permission to use military helicopters to fly to Australia and get the beacon. Steve is ending his documentary by throwing the beacon in the air, when the military helicopters arrive. Steve hands them the beacon revealing that the whole predicament was a misunderstanding, and, in return, the CIA send Wheeler and Archer to work at the zoo as volunteers. Brozzie herself becomes a volunteer as well, for the Department of Fauna and Fisheries.'] ["{{plot}} Mrs. Montague and Mr. Capulet (Julie Walters and [[Richard Wilson  are two elderly neighbors who despise each other. When they leave the garden, objects come alive in both their gardens. The Montague garden is filled with blue garden gnomes, and the Capulet garden houses red garden gnomes. Later, both blue and red gnomes attend a lawnmower race. Representing the blues is Gnomeo  and representing the reds is Tybalt . During the race, it looks like Gnomeo is winning; however, Tybalt cheats and wins the race, destroying Gnomeo's lawnmower. Gnomeo and his best friend, Benny , insult Tybalt for cheating, but Tybalt ignores them. Benny watches Mrs. Montague ordering a new cheap lawnmower called The Kitten Clipper, disappointed. Later that night, Gnomeo and Benny infiltrate the red garden in disguise, with blue spray cans. Benny sprays Tybalt's well and accidentally triggers a security light in the process, alerting the red gnomes to attack. During the escape Gnomeo ends up in a nearby neglected garden. He bumps into a disguised Juliet , the daughter of the red gnomes leader Lord Redbrick . Juliet is attempting to retrieve a unique orchid, and the two romantically fight over it. They each discover the other's colour before fleeing the garden. When they both go back to their gardens, Juliet tells her frog friend Nanette  about her newfound love. Nanette states that the relationship is romantically tragic. Gnomeo and Juliet then have secret meetings in a secret garden, where they meet a pink plastic flamingo named Featherstone . He encourages their love, and the two begin to meet regularly. Though when the two of them are getting ready for a date, Lord Redbrick introduces Juliet to Paris , a red gnome that Nanette has fallen for, though Juliet manages to get away. Later, when the two return back to their gardens, Gnomeo finds his mother Lady Bluebury , who is distraught after the reds infiltrated the garden and destroyed the plant Gnomeo's deceased father planted. The blues want Gnomeo to take revenge on the reds, and he realizes that he cannot refuse unless he tells his secret. He tunnels underneath to reach the red garden, but just as he is about to spray the prized flowers of the reds, Juliet sees him. He backs out suddenly, telling Benny that the nozzle on the spraying bottle was jammed. When he and Juliet meet up again, they briefly argue until Featherstone stops them, telling them that other people's hate destroyed his love. He and his girlfriend were separated when the two people living in the house, where their garden was, got divorced. After he has explained this, Gnomeo and Juliet apologize, but when they are about to kiss, Benny sees them, distracts them, then runs into the alleyway, where Tybalt is waiting with his lawnmower. Tybalt drives at Benny, chops his hat clean off with a trowel, and attempts to run him down with his lawnmower. Tybalt is interrupted by Gnomeo, and he is destroyed when crashing into a wall. The reds attempt to attack Gnomeo, but Juliet, to the surprise of her father and clan, defends Gnomeo, saying that she loves him. A woman suddenly jogs along, so all gnomes become still and inconspicuous. Gnomeo ends up on a road, and everyone believes he was run over by a truck. Lord Redbrick has Juliet glued to her fountain because he does not want to lose her like her mother. Gnomeo's pet, a mushroom named Shroom, is left alone and goes on the road, where he realizes that what appeared to be Gnomeo is actually a broken blue teapot, and that Gnomeo is still alive. Gnomeo eventually ends up in a park, and climbs onto a Statue of William Shakespeare  and tells him his story. Shakespeare tells Gnomeo that his story is very similar to Romeo and Juliet and that it is likely Gnomeo's will have a sad ending as well. However, Gnomeo refuses to accept that sort of ending. Shroom and Featherstone come to find him. Benny, meanwhile, cancels the order of the Kitten Clipper and buys the Terrafirminator lawnmower using the computer, to get revenge on the Red Gnomes, despite Shroom trying to convince him that Gnomeo is still alive. The Terrafirminator goes out of control and destroys most of the two gardens while the gnomes wage a full scale war. Gnomeo makes it back to Juliet to try to un-glue her, but he is unable to. She tells him to go, but he refuses, and they kiss just as the lawnmower crashes into the fountain, self-destructing in the process. Everyone believes that both are dead. Lord Redbrick and Lady Bluebury, both realizing that their feud was responsible for this, decide to end the feud. As they do, they accidentally trigger a switch, which causes a massive tropical castle display to rise up from the remains of Juliet's pedestal. Much to the astonishment of all the gnomes, both Gnomeo and Juliet are revealed to have survived as they rise from the ruins. The residents of the gardens celebrate and Gnomeo and Juliet kiss just as Mrs. Montague and Mr. Capulet return to find their yards destroyed. The film ends happily with the red and blue gnomes finally coming together to celebrate their newfound peace. Tybalt is also revealed to still be alive having been glued back together . Featherstone is also reunited with his girlfriend after Benny finds and orders her online. Meanwhile, Gnomeo and Juliet are married on a purple lawnmower, which symbolizes the new union of both gnome clans."] ["Two Welsh coal miners from Hafoduwchbenceubwllymarchogcoch, David 'Dai Number 9' Jones  and Thomas 'Twm' Jones , win a contest run by the Echo newspaper .{{Citation needed}} The prize is 100 pounds each, plus the best seats for an important rugby union match between Wales and England at Twickenham. For the naive Welshmen, this is their first trip to England. They are supposed to be met at the train station by Whimple , a gardening columnist on the paper, but they miss each other. Instead, the two miners become separated when Dai is picked up by attractive con artist Jo  after she overhears them talking about the prize money. At Jo's suggestion, she and Dai go to the newspaper to collect the money. The editor makes Whimple responsible for showing Dai around, but Jo soon manages to lose him. Whimple gets details of Jo's criminal methods from a fellow reporter and runs out in search of them. As they spend time together, Dai begins to fall in love with Jo, though he already has a girlfriend back in Wales: Bronwen, the boss's secretary. Meanwhile, Twm recognizes a familiar face: Huw Price , a down-on-his-luck harpist and traditional Chief Singer with whom he had once won the grand prize at an important Welsh music festival. They go looking for Dai . By the time they arrive at the Echo to collect Twm's share of the prize, they're sopping drunk. Not knowing who Twm is, the editor has the pair kicked out. Eventually, Twm and Huw give up and go to the rugby match, getting there just as it ends . There, they meet up with Whimple. Jo takes Dai shopping for a diamond ring for Bronwen; her confederate Barney  tries to cheat him, but Dai changes his mind about which ring he wants and ends up getting a fair deal. Jo takes him back to her flat so Barney can sneak in and steal Dai's money. Dai proposes that she move to Wales and offers to give her money to pay for the fare, but then he remembers Bronwen and changes his mind. Disappointed more than she expected, she steals his money. Just then, Whimple shows up and tells Dai the truth about the woman. A chase ensues. Dai gets Jo's purse, with the money in it, and runs to catch the train back to Wales, where he is reunited with Twm and Huw. Jo and Barney bring a policeman and accuse Dai of being a thief; to avoid trouble, Dai gives back the purse. As the train pulls out though, Jo throws him back his money, much to Barney's disgust."] ['{{plot}} The film opens with a theme song performed by The Brothers Four and a colorful animation of hot air balloons, with artwork reminiscent of the Montgolfier balloons. The theme song is later performed by Fabian twice during the film. The film then shows the flight of the balloon Jupiter invented by Professor Fergusson . In the unicorn-shaped gondola, the passengers Chiddingfold  and Sir Henry Vining  scream in horror as the balloon rapidly descends, but the Professor remains calm as he planned for this to happen. He then signals the pilot Jacques  to ascend the balloon, who explains how balloon is able to ascend and descend without the loss of gas or ballast. The balloon successfully lands and attracts a crowd, but Sir Henry and the other passenger are dissatisfied after the seemingly disastrous descent. Sir Henry, the president of the Royal Geographic Society, refuses to fund the Professor\'s plan to explore east Africa, while Chiddingfold leaves claiming he has an "appointment". The Professor seems out of financial backing for his plans, but an American journalist talks to Fergusson about having his nephew and star reporter Donald O\'Shea  as part of Fergusson\'s plan to explore east Africa. When he arrives at the Prime Minister\'s office in Zanzibar, he is given the mission to use his craft to claim areas of uncharted west Africa for the Crown before slave traders make their claim to the territory. Fergusson agrees. The following day, Consul tells the bad news that the slave traders know of his plan and would reach the river Volta in six weeks, leaving him with five. To make matters worse, the Queen has sent Sir Henry Vining to accompany him. He wants to be referred to as General Vining and proclaims himself the "expert on Africa." Meanwhile in the marketplace, Jacques finds O\'Shea rescuing a slave girl named Makia  and they bring her along, and they go to the Consul\'s office. Consul Townsend orders Makia to be returned to her owner, but she fights the slave trader and leaves on a horse. The people in the marketplace become outraged and threaten to destroy Jupiter. O\'Shea begins to be viewed as a troublemaker and as the balloon takes off he is shocked to know that the plans of the journey have been changed. The balloon lands in a forest and they have dinner. As they converse at the table they notice their food is being taken away and find Makia hiding under the table. She says she hid up in the crow\'s nest of the balloon and will not leave O\'Shea, who does not want her and offers her to the others on board. Disappointed she tries to leave into the dangerous wilderness only to be stopped and eventually agrees to be a passenger aboard. Meanwhile, a wild chimpanzee walks out of the forest and joins the crew. As the rest of the crew sleeps, Jacques and the chimp drink coffee. Makia comes out of the gondola unable to sleep in fear of the wilderness and suggests Jacques to buy her. Jacques explains how slavery is uncivilized and explains marriage. Lightning is heard and they take off the balloon. The following day, they land in the Arab city of Hezak. People run in fear, until a Muslim priest comes out and refers to O\'Shea as the Moon God. The crew have dinner in the Sultan\'s palace, where a slave trader named Ahmed  comes in with a kidnapped American woman . Ahmed points at the moon emerging in the clouds, to which the Sultan  proclaims them as fakes. The crew escape quickly, but Ahmed climbs a ladder aboard. When they land they find out that Ahmed has stolen diamonds and medals from the Sultan. The American woman introduces herself as Susan Gale explains that she is a missionary. The professor explains they are headed for the Volta river to claim the land and stop slavery, but claims O\'Shea doesn\'t care about the slave trade. He tries to explain that he is only a journalist but Susan interrupts saying "trafficking human lives is everyone\'s concern, either you\'re for it or against it," to which Ahmed says "I\'m for it." The balloon continues its progress and lands near a forest. Susan is still angry at Donald and still thinks he doesn\'t care about slavery but Makia explains how he saved her from slavers. Meanwhile, O\'Shea goes out hunting with a gun provided by General Vyning. He walks into the forest and sees a lion, but when he tries to shoot it he realizes that the gun is unloaded. He then falls into a trap set by natives, who free him, but when he runs away they chase after him with spears. Quickly the crew takes the balloon off as a spear narrowly misses them inside the gondola. As they fly again, Donald and Susan build a relationship. After they land again, however, O\'Shea accidentally hammers the anchor away, setting the balloon free. The anchor luckily catches the top of a tree, but everyone including Susan becomes disappointed at him. The Professor and General consider offering O\'Shea to the slavers, as they tell how he was only aboard to carry testimony for Americans, but now they had a less troublesome Susan Gale. However, O\'Shea wins back the crew\'s trust when he spots out a sandstorm. The balloon lands in an oasis and the crew relaxes. Ahmed, however, is ordered to work and thinks he is being treated as a slave, telling Jacques "I\'m not a slave, I sell them!" A gunshot is heard and the Sheik\'s men on horseback come to arrest the Professor, Vyning, Makia and Susan, taking them to Timbuktu. Ahmed and Jacques stay the gondola while O\'Shea, who was picking dates, and the chimp stay in the trees until the men leave. In Timbuktu, the arrested crew are set to die as infidels and Makia be sold as a slave under the order of the Sheik Ageiba. Disguised as Arabs, Jacques, Ahmed and Donald purchase Makia from a slave trader . Makia tells of the plan to kill the rest of the crew and they fly their balloon to the top of a tower to save them. After defeating many of the men, they take off, but a sword is thrown onto the balloon\'s envelope, causing a slow leak to occur. The Professor, now knowing the slavers have less than two days, feels certain defeat, but Donald suggests they fly over night. The following day, they reach the Volta river, but sword plugged on the envelope starts to rip away, causing the balloon to descend. Everything is thrown overboard to help the balloon gain some lift as they fly towards a bridge, but see the slavers. The head slaver shoots the balloon causing it to deflate as the crew climb into the crows\' nest. The anchor is thrown onto the bridge and the gondola is released, causing the balloon to ascend and break the bridge, causing most of the slavers to drown. The head slaver, however, survives with their flag. The balloon\'s crew swim across the river, except for Ahmed, who remains seated on the balloon\'s drifting envelope because he can\'t swim. Donald goes back to retrieve the Union Jack as the envelope raft tumbles over the waterfall. Ahmed tells Donald to jump with the flag. He then kills the slave trader by throwing a dart into his chest, sending him falling into the water. The crew are finally proud that O\'Shea had done something triumphant, but he falls into the water. Susan tries to save him and falls in the water and they kiss, while Jacques and Makia also kiss. General Vyning admits to Professor Fergusson that he was wrong about his balloon. The film ends with the chimpanzee finding a companion for itself.'] ['The Goonies, a group of friends living in the "Goon Docks" neighborhood of Astoria, Oregon, face foreclosure on their families\' homes from the expanding Astoria Country Club. On one of their last days their morale sinks particularly low due to Mikey\'s older brother having failed his driver\'s license exam, thwarting their plans to "cruise the coast in style" during their "last Goonies weekend." While rummaging through the Walshes\' attic, they find an old newspaper clipping, a Spanish map, and an artifact relating to a rumor of a lost but not forgotten pirate treasure somewhere in the area. Hearing the call of adventure, Mikey tries to persuade his friends to join him in search for the treasure hoarded by a pirate named One-Eyed Willie. Initially reluctant, the group eventually decides to evade the authority of Mikey\'s older brother, Brandon, and escape for one last "Goonie adventure." They then head down the coast and stumble upon a derelict seaside restaurant that seems to match coordinates set by the map and an old doubloon, unaware that the Fratellis, a family of fugitives, are using the restaurant as their hideout. After first encountering the family, the Goonies come back after the Fratellis have left and discover their criminal intents, and send Chunk, the group\'s clumsy, heavy-set dreamer and teller of tall tales, to get help. However, the Fratellis return before they can leave, forcing the Goonies to use a cavern underneath the restaurant to escape. The Fratellis capture Chunk and interrogate him, learning nothing until a pack of bats burst out of the cavern beneath the restaurant. Chunk is placed in the same room with the forsaken and deformed Fratelli brother, Sloth, while the rest of the Fratellis enter the cavern and follow the Goonies\' trail. As the Goonies traverse the cavern, Mikey discovers that it matches up with the map and convinces the rest of the group to continue to follow it to find the treasure. They overcome many deadly traps set by One-Eyed Willie, and eventually arrive at a large underground cavern and a lagoon where Willie\'s ship, the Inferno, lies waiting. While others begin to fill their pockets with the riches on the ship, Mikey finds Willie\'s skeleton, and reverently acknowledges him as the "first Goonie", leaving part of the treasure with him as tribute. However, as the Goonies exit the hold, they are caught by the Fratellis, who take their treasure and force the kids to walk the plank. The Goonies are saved by the timely arrival of Chunk and Sloth, now close friends, who help the rest of the group to shore. With the children no longer a threat, the Fratellis ransack the rest of the ship, including the share of the treasure Mikey left for Willie. This sets off a final booby trap, causing the cave to begin collapsing. The Goonies flee through a hole in the cave, finding themselves on a beach. Two passing policemen spot them and call in for help. The Goonies are soon reunited with their parents while the Fratellis are arrested and Chunk offers to take Sloth into his home. As the Astoria Country Club calls upon Mikey\'s father to sign over the deed to his property, Rosalita, the Walshes\' maid, discovers that Mikey\'s marble bag contains a large handful of jewels taken from the ship. Mikey\'s father quickly estimates that its value is more than enough to save everyone\'s homes. As the families celebrate, they spot the unmanned Inferno, now free of the cave, sailing away.'] ["Lawrence Bourne III  is a spoiled rich kid with a large gambling debt in the 1960s. After his father, Lawrence Bourne Jr. , refuses to pay his son's debt, Lawrence escapes his angry debtors by trading places with his college roommate Kent  and jumping on a Peace Corps flight to Southeast Asia. There he is assigned to build a bridge for the local villagers with Washington State University graduate Tom Tuttle  and the beautiful, down-to earth Beth Wexler . What they do not realize is that the bridge is coveted by the United States Army, a local communist force, and the powerful drug lord Chung Mee ."] ['Phil Deedle  and Stew Deedle  are two fraternal twin brothers who are complete surf bums living in Hawaii off of their wealthy father. After the two decide to skip out on school to go on a special surfing expedition with friends for their birthday, the twins are expelled from their high school for truancy. Their father Elton Deedle  has become tired of their insolence and lazy lifestyle and thus decides to ship them to a boot camp to straighten them out. The boys are horrified that they’re going to have to fly state-side in order for this to happen, as the camp is located in Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming. The boys arrive in Wyoming ill prepared for the far-cooler weather, disembarking from their plane dressed in shorts, flip-flops and hula shirts. They attract the attention of a small crowd when they summon a remote controlled crate containing a mini-bar that they use to create hula drinks. Afterwards they leave the terminal, noticing a gruff looking mountain man whom they make fun of, to their shock the man reveals a sign with their last names written on it, indicating he’s their ride. Major Flowers  is already disgusted with their behavior, on the drive back to Yellowstone from the airport, Flowers reveals that his once successful camp was shut down by the children’s parents and their lawyers but the camp wasn’t necessary anymore because he intended for the Deedles to undergo survival training. Flowers becomes distracted in describing his plan and fails to pay attention to the road, eventually driving over the edge of a hillside and crashing into a river. Thinking he had killed the Deedles, he runs off thinking he’ll hide from the authorities. The Deedles awaken from their crash and find some women’s clothing that had caught onto Flower’s truck before it crashed, since it was their only option for dry clothes they opted to wear them. After, they begin to hike towards the parks main entrance, they find some of their gear and decide to land-luge down a long hill with their hula crate remotely in tow. They bypass a long line of traffic awaiting entry into Yellowstone but unable to slow down or gain enough control of their boards they crash into the park’s sign and are then collided into by the hula machine—cracking their helmets off. When the Park Rangers arrived, the only identity the boys had on them were the names “Mel” written on Phil’s sweatshirt tag and “Mo” written on Stew’s. After the incident the boys are carted off to the Ranger medical center and nursed back to health and decide to assume the false identities as it appears to be a one-way ticket to success and approval of their father. The boys find it difficult to live in their new identities, as the park rangers have already learned that the “real” Mel and Mo are vegetarians, thus the boys are forced to become such as well in order to maintain their cover. Because of their dimwitted surfer nature, the boys do not click well with the commanding park ranger, Captain Pine, although Phil falls for his stepdaughter Lt. Jesse Ryan whom the Captain is very protective of. This leads to a series of accidents all of which the Deedles are to blame for and land them in disfavor with Captain Pine. Through their trials, the Deedles inadvertently discover that an ex-park ranger named Slater  feels he’s been betrayed by the park, the Rangers and mainly Captain Pine and so he has created a secret bunker underground near Old Faithful and has devised a plan to divert Old Faithful’s waterflow into a new geyser he’s created on his own land which he is christened “New Faithful”. Unable to win any support for investigation from their fellow rangers, the Deedles take matters into their own hands and attempt to thwart Slater’s plan. However, the real Mel and Mo arrive at the Ranger’s base at a very untimely moment to reveal that Phil and Stew are not who they say they are. Pine, Jesse and the other rangers are disgusted with their dishonesty and banish them from Yellowstone. As the Deedles are walking down the highway attempting to hitch-hike, the big picture dawns on Phil and they devise a plan to get back into Yellowstone in order to stop Slater once-and-for-all. They rig a grappling hook into a grate in the roadway, and as an unsuspecting car passes it would catch the undercarriage and tow the Deedles , essentially a land version of parasailing. From a few hundred feet up in the air, they both notice a familiar stench and discover the person towing them is none other than Major Flowers—who becomes distracted by his stowaways and subsequently drives over a cliff  landing himself in a river. The boys parachute to the entrance for Slaters underground tunnel network and go underground, where they locate and subdue Slater’s two cronies Mr. Crabbe  and Mr. Nemo . They devise a plan to re-divert the water from New Faithful back to Old Faithful, and to escape by donning heat-resistance suits and escaping through the plumbing and through Old Faithful’s spout. The plan succeeds, Slater is exposed and the Deedles become heroes for saving Old Faithful. In a fortunate turn of events, the force of the explosion of water was so great it created a small lake which naturally created waves large enough to surf on, and the boys were able to create a park out of it. Earning the respect of their father for their success, from Captain Pine for their help in saving Yellowstone, and for Phil the love of Jesse.'] ['In this fast-paced French comedy, a gambler, anxious to escape the thugs who pursue him after her reneged on a bet, mistakenly agrees to enter the safety of the Amazon jungle with an ethnologist\'s son to search for the missing soul of an ailing Indian. Perrin\'s ordeal begins in an elevator where he encounters Campana, the French scientist who was raised in the distant jungle, and his companion Wanu, an Amazon shaman who has left his remote home to help Campana campaign on the rain forest\'s behalf. When Wanu, wearing little more than feathers, skins and a plate in his lip, suddenly tweak\'s the nose of Perrin and proclaims him the "chosen one", Perrin is naturally surprised. He is more surprised when Wanu shows up in his lavish apartment that night, drugs him and covers him with ritual markings thereby creating a magical link between them. The next day Wanu suffers a heart attack that he interprets as the theft of his soul. He beckons Perrin beside him and insists that he go to the jungle and find his soul, which has taken the form of a jaguar. Unfortunately for Perrin, the dense jungle proves to be far more dangerous than any gambler\'s henchmen and comical chaos ensues as he struggles to survive.'] ['In the Caribbean, late in the 18th century, Captain Vallo , a pirate known as "The Crimson Pirate", and his crew capture a ship of the King\'s navy. The ship is carrying Baron Gruda , the special envoy to the King, who is on his way to the Island of Cobra to help crush a rebellion by rebels opposed to the King\'s rule. Vallo proposes to make money by selling the weapons on the ship to El Libre, the leader of the rebels. Baron Gruda then proposes to pay Vallo money if he can capture El Libre and bring him to him. Vallo accepts and Baron Gruda and his crew are released, Vallo keeping their ship and releasing Gruda and his men onto his own. While some of the pirates complain that this is not pirate business, they soon come around when they find out the amount of money to be made. Vallo and his crew sail to Cobra, where Vallo and his lieutenant, Ojo , go ashore to meet the rebels. They eventually meet the rebels who are led by Pablo Murphy ([[Noel Purcell  and Consuelo , where they learn that El Libre has been captured and is in a military prison on the island of San Pero. The meeting is interrupted when they are discovered by the King\'s guards. Consuelo leads Vallo and Ojo to safety, then they all go to the ship. Vallo tells the crew he will rescue El Libre, though Consuelo only believes Vallo is interested in selling weapons to him. She promises him he will get the money. Consuelo also tells Vallo El Libre is her father. They sail to San Pero. Vallo, dressing in the clothes left on board the ship, pretends to be Baron Gruda and goes to a dinner held in honour of Gruda by the Colonel of the garrison . The Colonel shows Vallo El Libre  and another captured rebel, Professor Elihu Prudence ([[James Hayter . Vallo orders the prisoners to be released into his custody and leaves with them. They all go to the ship which then leaves for Cobra. Consuelo is grateful to Vallo for rescuing her father but is distraught to find out that Vallo intends to sell her, El Libre, and the Professor to Baron Gruda. Ojo suggests to Vallo that he is in love with Consuelo. Vallo denies this but decides to release them instead of selling them to Gruda. Consuelo begs Vallo to come with them but he refuses. Unknown to Vallo, his first mate, Humble Bellows , overhears them. Bellows plots against Vallo, sending one of the pirates ashore with a message for Gruda. Vallo lets El Libre and Consuelo go first, but the King\'s guards are waiting. El Libre is killed and Consuelo is captured. The pirates mutiny and Humble Bellows is elected Captain. Baron Gruda promises Bellows money for dealing with Vallo. Vallo, Ojo, and the Professor are cast adrift in a boat to die. Gruda proposes a toast, giving the pirates a barrel of rum. Unknown to the pirates, the rum is drugged and when they fall asleep, they are captured, transferred back to Vallo\'s ship, and held prisoners for Gruda to sell them to the King. Baron Gruda tells Consuelo that she will marry Herman , the Governor of Cobra, or he will kill the people of Cobra. Consuelo agrees, Gruda then announcing the date of the wedding and forcing the people to attend. Meanwhile, Vallo, Ojo, and the Professor manage to escape back to Cobra where they find out about the wedding. Vallo intends to rescue Consuelo but the Professor tells him he needs the help of the people. Vallo agrees, and along with the Professor builds weapons and trains the people how to use them. They make nitroglycerin bombs, tanks, flamethrowers, and a hot air balloon. On the day of the wedding, the people revolt before the ceremony and overthrow the guards. Baron Gruda manages to escape to his ship, taking Consuelo with him. Vallo and Ojo go after them, taking the hot air balloon. They spot their ship, climb down to it, and release the pirates. They then go after Gruda\'s ship. When they get close to the ship, Vallo orders the pirates below deck, making Gruda think they are about to launch a broadside. They sneak out the back of the ship, and swim underwater to Gruda\'s ship. A repentant Humble Bellows stays behind to keep the ship on course, presumably sacrificing himself. Gruda launches a broadside against Vallo\'s ship, destroying it. Vallo and the pirates then board Gruda\'s ship and fight with Gruda and his guards. The guards are defeated and Gruda is killed. Vallo and Consuelo embrace.'] ['21-year-old Eric is going through a skull crunching break up as he battles being stuck in a humiliating job and surrounded by friends who are far less bright than he. As Eric works to deal with demons left inside of him after being shattered by both young love and strange upbring, he must choose what he will do next in life. The Interactive film begins with Eric  speaking with a friend on the phone, who tempts him to ditch work in favor of an evening of psychedelic drugs at an after-hours club. Here, within the first ninety seconds, the viewer uses his/her remote control  to decide if Eric should go to work or meet his friends at the local bar, which is rumored to be a "tweeker hang", (a place where those addicted to Chrystel Meth-amphetamine hang out and do business.  Some of the plot-lines that viewer can steer Eric into include: A relationship with a beautiful yet schizophrenic meth head, a confrontation with his ex-girlfriend who remains involved in his life just enough to destroy his future relationships, a chance to rescue a stranger from a domestic violence situation, an evening of PCP laced shrooms and psychotic hallucinations and many various plot-lines involving love, sex, religion, work place politics and self-destructive behavior.'] ['Sue Charlton , a feature writer for Newsday engaged to marry her editor, Richard , travels to Walkabout Creek, a small hamlet in the Northern Territory of Australia to meet Michael J. "Crocodile" Dundee , a bushman reported to have lost a leg to a Saltwater Crocodile. On arrival, she finds his leg is not missing, but has a large scar. At first Sue finds Dundee less legendary than she had been led to believe, being unimpressed by his uncouth behaviour and clumsy advances towards her; however, she is later amazed when in the Outback, she witnesses "Mick"  subduing a Wild Asian Water Buffalo, taking part in an Aboriginal tribal dance ceremony, killing snakes with his hands, and  scaring tourists from their sport of shooting kangaroos. Offended by Mick\'s assertion that she is incapable of surviving the Outback alone, Sue goes out alone to prove him wrong, but is attacked by a crocodile and rescued by Mick. She finds herself becoming attracted to him. Sue invites Mick to return with her to New York City on the pretext of continuing the feature story. There he is perplexed by New York behaviour and customs but is still able to overcome problematic situations including attempted robberies and two encounters with a pimp. When Richard proposes marriage to Sue at a dinner party, Mick is upset and decides to go \'walkabout\' around the USA; but Sue, having refused Richard, follows him to a subway station. There, she cannot reach him through the crowd on the platform, but has members of the crowd relay her message to him, whereupon he walks to her on the heads and raised hands of the jubilant crowd and embraces her.'] ['The film is an enactment of the following story read by the grandfather  of a sick boy  as the boy sits in bed listening, framed and occasionally interrupted by scenes of the reading. A young woman named Buttercup  lives on a farm in the fictional country of Florin. Whenever she gives her farmhand Westley  an order, he answers "as you wish," and happily complies. Eventually she realizes he loves her and admits her love for him. Westley leaves to seek his fortune so they can marry, but his ship is attacked by the Dread Pirate Roberts, who has a reputation for never leaving anyone alive. Five years later, believing Westley dead, Buttercup reluctantly agrees to marry Prince Humperdinck , heir to the throne of Florin. Before the wedding, she is kidnapped by three outlaws: an extremely short Sicilian boss named Vizzini , a Turkish giant that Vizzini discovered in Greenland named Fezzik , and a Spanish master fencer named Inigo Montoya , who seeks revenge against the six-fingered man who killed his father. The outlaws are pursued by Prince Humperdinck with a complement of soldiers, and also by a masked man in black. The man in black catches up to the outlaws at the top of the Cliffs of Insanity, where he first defeats Inigo in a duel before knocking him unconscious. He then defeats Fezzik in hand-to-hand combat by choking him from behind until he blacks out. Finally, he defeats Vizzini in a battle of the wits by tricking him into drinking from a poisoned chalice, and so captures Buttercup. When he tells her he is Roberts, she becomes enraged at him for killing Westley and shoves him into a gorge after telling him that he should die too, but she realizes he is Westley himself when he replies "As you wish!" She dives into the gorge after him, and they flee through the dangerous Fire Swamp where they navigate past the R.O.U.S., fire spouts, and lightning sand. When they are captured on the other side by Humperdinck and his sadistic six-fingered vizier Count Rugen , Buttercup agrees to return with Humperdinck in exchange for Westley\'s release, but Humperdinck secretly has Rugen imprison and torture Westley. When Buttercup expresses unhappiness at marrying Humperdinck, he promises to search for Westley, but his real plan is to start a war with the neighboring country of Guilder by killing Buttercup and framing them for her death. After Buttercup realises that Humperdinck has no intention of finding Westley, she taunts his cowardice and feelings of inferiority towards his romantic rival. Enraged, Humperdinck tortures Westley to his apparent death. Meanwhile, Inigo and Fezzik meet when Humperdinck orders a gang of goons to arrest the thieves in a nearby forest, and Fezzik informs Inigo of Rugen\'s existence. Inigo decides that they need the man in black\'s help to get into the castle, and when he hears cries of anguish  he decides that they must be from the man in black and follows them. Inigo and Fezzik arrive in Rugen\'s torture chamber to find Westley dead, but bring him to a miracle man named Miracle Max  who explains that Westley is "only mostly dead," reviving him to a state of heavy paralysis. Westley, Inigo, and Fezzik invade the castle, prompting Humperdinck to order a drastically-abridged version of the wedding ceremony, rushing Buttercup to her chambers. Inigo finds and duels with Rugen, and despite incurring heavy blood loss from a stab wound in the opening moments of the battle, he is able to maintain his focus by repeatedly reciting his long-rehearsed greeting of vengeance  and eventually manages to slay his nemesis. Westley finds Buttercup, who is about to commit suicide, and assures her that her marriage is invalid because she never said "I do." When confronted by Humperdinck, Westley bluffs his way out of a duel  and manages to have Humperdinck tied to a chair, left to contemplate his cowardice. Triumphant, he then rides away with Buttercup, Inigo, and Fezzik on four white horses that Fezzik conveniently discovers. The story ends with Westley and Buttercup sharing a very passionate kiss. The grandfather then closes the book and prepares to leave, but the boy asks him to read the story again the next day. The grandfather smiles and replies, "As you wish."'] ['One night, Wallace and Gromit are relaxing in the living-room pondering where to go for the upcoming bank holiday. Wallace gets up to prepare tea with cheese and crackers, only to discover they are out of cheese. Wallace suggests they should go somewhere where there is plenty of cheese. After browsing possible destinations , they ultimately choose to go to the Moon, since "everybody knows the moon\'s made of cheese." The two build a moon rocket in their basement, complete with easy chairs and a wallpapered cabin. Once the two complete packing provisions for the journey, Wallace lights the rocket\'s fuse. With only a minute to go in the countdown, he realizes that they have forgotten to pack crackers. He rushes out of the rocket and hurries up to the kitchen to get crackers, making it back to the rocket a few seconds before the engine ignites. Even with the engine running, the rocket refuses to lift off . Gromit realizes he has forgotten to release the hand brake and does so, allowing the rocket to lift off. Upon reaching the moon, which is in fact made of cheese, Wallace and Gromit set up a picnic. They try out the lunar cheese, trying to determine what kind it is, but realize it\'s like nothing they\'ve ever tasted before. They decide to try another spot, where they find a mechanised storage facility, with a strong resemblance to an oven, called "the Cooker". Wallace puts a coin into the machine, but nothing happens , so he and Gromit continue on their way. Once they’ve left, the Cooker springs to life with two robotic arms springing out from either side of it. It discovers Wallace and Gromit’s picnic site; agitated by the mess, it cleans up the mess of dirty dishes. It then discovers a magazine advertising skiing holidays lying on the picnic blanket, and develops a desire to travel to Earth and go skiing. After putting a moon cheese spike Wallace and Gromit had sampled earlier back together with glue, it then spots their rocket and is amazed by it. It gives them a parking ticket and is annoyed by an oil leak. Shortly afterwards, the Cooker notices Wallace. Aggravated by his littering, illegally-parked and leaky rocket, and uncontrollable consumption of moon cheese, the Cooker sneaks up behind Wallace to bludgeon him with a truncheon. Just as Gromit notices the machine, it runs out of money and shuts down. The previously-oblivious Wallace notices the Cooker, decides to take the truncheon as a souvenir, and inserts another coin into the Cooker in exchange for the truncheon. As Wallace and Gromit leave for the rocket, the Cooker comes back to life. Realizing the rocket can take it to Earth where it can fulfill its dream of skiing, the machine chases after Wallace and Gromit, who, noticing the Cooker and thinking that it\'s angry with them for taking a large basket of lunar cheese, prepare for an emergency takeoff. At the same time, the Cooker breaks into the rocket with a tin cutter . Blundering about in the dark interior of the rocket\'s engine room , the Cooker lights a match near the fuel tank, causing an explosion. The Cooker tries to hang on, but eventually is thrown across the lunar surface as the rocket launches, ripping off two strips of metal from the rocket. Initially crushed by its failure to get to Earth, the Cooker realizes it can use the metal strips as a pair of skis. While happily skiing on the lunar surface, the Cooker waves goodbye to Wallace and Gromit, who return home.'] 