['Ernest "Stick" Stickley, a former car thief, has just been released from prison. He meets up with an old friend, Rainy, whose "quick stop" near the Florida Everglades before they go home is an illegal drug deal that goes sour. With his friend dead, Stick needs to hide out for a while to elude the killers . While lying low, Stick finds himself in the right place at the right time when he helps a wealthy eccentric named Barry get into his locked car. Hired as a driver, he has a comfortable home with a stable job and tries to make up for lost time with Katie, his teen-age daughter. He also finds a new flame in Kyle, a financial consultant who acts as a business adviser for Barry, who must decide what of Stick can be salvaged. Before he can move on, however, Stick confronts drug dealer Chucky to demand the money owed to his murdered friend. Chucky refuses and sends albino hit-man Mokey after the ex-con. Stick can\'t get on with his new life without cleaning up old business first. He becomes the target of Mokey as well as the cartel that employs Chucky, led by the voodoo-obsessed Nestor. A three-way confrontation on a high-rise balcony ends in Chucky\'s and Mokey\'s deaths. Stick must then rely on his quick wit and fists to deal with his final enemy, Nestor, who has kidnapped Stick\'s daughter.'] ['L.A.P.D. Homicide Sergeant Roger Murtaugh  is worried about getting old, having recently celebrated his 50th birthday. He receives a message from Michael Hunsaker ([[Tom Atkins , an old Vietnam War friend who Murtaugh realizes he has not seen in over 12 years. Before he can meet him, he is called to investigate a suicide and learns that the victim is Hunsaker\'s daughter, Amanda. Elsewhere, L.A.P.D. Narcotics Sergeant Martin Riggs , who is suicidal following the recent death of his wife in a traffic accident, nearly kills a disarmed suspect after flying into a psychotic rage during a drug bust. Wary of his behavior, Riggs\' superiors transfer him to Homicide, making him and Murtaugh reluctant partners. Amanda\'s autopsy results show that she had taken drugs laced with drain cleaner. Even though she jumped to her death, she would have died within minutes anyway – making her death a homicide. After informing her distraught father, who claims he was trying to contact Murtaugh to help Amanda get out of the underworld of drugs, prostitution and hardcore pornography, Riggs and Murtaugh question a pimp Amanda was connected to. Finding a drug lab on the premises, they engage in a brief gunfight, killing the pimp . Having found the drugs and with the pimp dead, Murtaugh assumes the case is now closed, but Riggs finds it suspicious that the only witness to Amanda\'s suicide was a prostitute named Dixie , who was working away from her usual "stroll". They deduce that Dixie poisoned Amanda and then posed as a witness to cover her crime. Riggs and Murtaugh head to Dixie\'s home to question her, but her house explodes just as they arrive. Riggs—who served in the US Army Special Forces during the Vietnam War—finds part of the bomb, a mercury switch which only a professional would use. A neighborhood child remembers seeing a man with blond hair at Dixie\'s earlier who had a Special Forces tattoo similar to Riggs\'s own. Seeing a connection, they deduce that Hunsaker knows more than he has admitted and Murtaugh confronts him at Amanda\'s wake. Hunsaker admits that for more than two years he has been involved in a heroin-smuggling operation run by ex-special operations troops from the Vietnam War, known as "Shadow Company". The scheme is masterminded by a retired general, Peter McAllister —the former commander of Shadow Company—and his chief enforcer, Mr. Joshua . Hunsaker was laundering the profits through his bank. McAllister had ordered Amanda\'s murder when Michael unsuccessfully tried to alert Murtaugh to the scheme in an attempt to get out of the business. As Murtaugh attempts to make Hunsaker reveal the entirety of his operation, Joshua makes a surprise appearance in a helicopter and shoots Hunsaker, killing him. As Riggs and Murtaugh attempt to investigate Dixie\'s connection, Joshua and the increasingly violent members of Shadow Company attempt to kill Riggs  and later kidnap Murtaugh\'s daughter, Rianne . Using Riggs\'s presumed dead status to their advantage, Murtaugh agrees to meet Shadow Company at El Mirage Lake to exchange himself for Rianne, knowing Shadow Company\'s plan is to kill them all anyway. As Riggs provides sniper cover from a distance, Roger attempts to make Rianne flee, but ultimately all three are captured. McAllister tortures Murtaugh for information regarding the heroin shipment by having his henchmen beat him and rub salt into his bullet wound. McAllister demands to know which of their drug shipments have been compromised eventually threatening Rianne when Murtaugh refuses to give in. Joshua has Riggs brutally tortured with electric shocks for information, but Riggs later escapes and then rescues both Murtaugh and Rianne. The pair then fight their way free of their prison, finding themselves in a downtown L.A. nightclub. Riggs chases Joshua on to the street and attempts to cut him off on the freeway, though Joshua ultimately escapes. Murtaugh finds McAllister trying to flee in his car. Taking out McAllister\'s driver, Murtaugh watches as the car crashes on Hollywood Boulevard and is destroyed  by a live hand grenade. Riggs and Murtaugh then go to Murtaugh\'s home, knowing Joshua will go there to attack Murtaugh\'s family, who are absent. While Joshua is arrested and led away without incident, Riggs, wanting revenge, proposes "a shot at the title", which Joshua eagerly accepts. Sanctioned by Murtaugh, Riggs beats Joshua in hand-to-hand combat on the front lawn. As he\'s being arrested, Joshua overpowers the two officers and attempts to shoot Riggs. Riggs and Murtaugh both draw and fire, killing Joshua. After a visit to his wife\'s grave, Riggs spends Christmas Day at the Murtaugh home with his new partner\'s family; Riggs brings his dog Sam to be a friend to the Murtaugh family cat, Burbank. Riggs also gives Murtaugh a symbolic gift: the unfired hollow-point bullet which he had been saving to commit suicide, as he does not need it anymore.'] [' In September 2012, military virologist Lieutenant Colonel Robert Neville  is the last healthy and immune human in New York City. A genetically-engineered variant of the measles virus created by Dr. Alice Krippin , meant as a cure for cancer, had mutated into a lethal strain. It spread throughout the world, killing 90% of humanity. Most survivors became predatory, vampiric{{cite web}} beingsThe DVD/Blu-Ray subtitles refer to the infected as hemocytes&nbsp;– actually a cell type found in an insect\'s immune system. called "Darkseekers" that emerge after dusk to prey on those immune to the virus. In December 2009, Neville had lost his wife Zoe  and daughter Marley  in a helicopter accident during a chaotic quarantine of Manhattan.  Neville\'s daily routine includes experimenting on infected rats to find a cure for the virus and trips through a decaying Manhattan to collect supplies or hunt for deer. He keeps vigil each day for a response to his recorded AM radio broadcasts, which instruct any survivors to meet him at midday at the South Street Seaport. Neville\'s isolation is broken only by the companionship of his pet German Shepherd Samantha and interaction with mannequins he has set up as patrons of a video store. To test a treatment, Neville sets a snare trap and captures an infected woman. An enraged mutated alpha male attempts to rescue her, but is driven back by the sunlight. In the laboratory in his heavily fortified Washington Square Park home, Neville tries the new serum on the infected woman, seemingly without success. The next day, after finding one of his mannequins moved out in the street in front of Grand Central Terminal, Neville is caught in a snare trap and passes out. He regains consciousness at dusk and frees himself, but a pack of infected dogs attack Neville and Sam. Although Neville and Sam kill the dogs, an infected dog bites Sam during the fight. Neville brings Sam home and attempts to save the dog by injecting a strain of his serum, but it is too late, as Sam starts to mutate, which then forces Neville to kill her. Overwhelmed by grief and rage of the loss of his dog, Neville attacks a group of the infected on the seaport the following night with his SUV. He kills many, but they overwhelm and nearly kill him before he is rescued by a pair of immune humans, a woman named Anna  and a boy named Ethan , who followed his radio broadcasts. Anna and Ethan take him back to his home. Anna explains that they are making their way to a survivors\' camp in Bethel, Vermont. Neville does not believe that such a camp exists and expresses doubt when Anna says that God told her about it. The following night, the alpha male leads an infected mob in an attack on Neville\'s house. Anna, who was unaware of Neville\'s precautions in covering his scent outside the house, inadvertently allowed the infected to follow their trail. As the infected charge the house, Neville stops the first wave with claymore mines, but finds himself defenseless against the second wave. As Neville tries to find Anna and Ethan, an infected enters and attacks him. The infected retreats upstairs and begins tearing a hole in the roof so others can get in. After Neville saves Anna and Ethan, they retreat into the laboratory. They seal themselves in a reinforced plexiglass room with the infected woman, and discover that Neville\'s treatment is working; the subject looks much more human. The infected break in and the alpha male begins to throw himself against the plexiglass, cracking it. Neville draws a vial of the infected woman\'s blood and gives it to Anna before shutting them inside a coal chute in the back of the lab. He detonates an M67 grenade to destroy the attackers at the cost of his own life. Anna and Ethan arrive at the survivors\' colony, where Anna hands over the antidote. Anna later states that the survivors are Neville\'s legacy, as his fight for a cure became legend.'] ['Recent divorcée Gloria Mundy  is a San Francisco librarian. While attending a party, she is encouraged by a friend to leave herself open to new experiences. On the way home, Gloria picks up an attractive man named Bob "Scotty" Scott  when she encounters him and his disabled car on Highway 1. She impulsively invites him to join her at the movies that evening, and before they part ways he asks her to take his pack of cigarettes in order to help him curb his smoking. Unbeknownst to her, Scotty has secreted a roll of film in the pack. That evening, a seriously wounded Scotty meets Gloria in the theater and warns her to "beware of the dwarf" before dying. When his body mysteriously disappears while Gloria seeks help from the theater manager, she is unable to convince anyone of what has transpired. At the end of the following work day, Gloria is attacked in the library by albino Whitey Jackson . She manages to escape and seeks refuge with Stanley Tibbets , a would-be ladies\' man who assumes she is picking him up to have sex. Shocked by his misunderstanding, she flees and returns to her apartment, where she is attacked by a man with a scar who demands the cigarette pack Bob had given her. When he attempts to strangle her with a scarf, Gloria stabs him in the stomach with a pair of knitting needles and calls the police for help. When her attacker tries to stop her, he is killed by Whitey through the kitchen window, and Gloria faints. When she awakens, all traces of what has happened have disappeared, and she is unable to convince San Francisco Police detectives Tony Carlson  and his partner Inspector "Fergie" Ferguson  or even her landlord Mr. Hennessy  that she was attacked. Gloria is abducted by Turk Farnum , the chauffeur of a limousine in which she earlier had seen Whitey riding, but she manages to subdue him with Mace and brass knuckles given to her by her friend and fellow library employee, Stella . Later, Tony takes her to his Sausalito houseboat, where the two become involved romantically. Upon further investigation, Tony discovers that a contract killer named Rupert Stiltskin  was under investigation by an undercover detective named Bob "Scotty" Scott, who had received a tip that a major assassination would take place in the city on a certain night. Lt. Carlson is now assigned to protect Gloria from her would-be killers. When Tony and Fergie discover that the limousine is registered to the Archdiocese of San Francisco, they visit the office of Archbishop Thorncrest , unaware that the man they\'re interviewing is in fact the Archbishop\'s twin brother Charlie, who is involved in a plot to assassinate Pope Pius XIII  during his upcoming visit to San Francisco. Charlie has murdered his twin in order to impersonate him. The following day, Rupert kidnaps Fergie and uses him to lure Gloria into a trap. She manages to hide in a massage parlor, where she encounters Stanley yet again, but then is found and abducted by Jackson and Stiltskin. At Gloria\'s request, Stella has researched an organization known as the Tax the Churches League, and discovered that the League is a radical fringe group, founded by one Delia Darrow and her husband. For the Darrows, organized religion is a corrupt, greedy sham involving powerful billion-dollar corporations. Stella gives the results of her findings to Tony, who returns to the Archbishop\'s residence with Mr. Hennessy. Sneaking into the basement, Tony discovers the imprisoned Fergie, who informs him that Stiltskin was hired by the Darrows to assassinate the Pope during a performance of The Mikado at the San Francisco Opera House that evening. Tony is attacked by Rupert and kills him in self-defense, but then is held at gunpoint along with Gloria by the fake archbishop\'s assistant Gerda Caswell ([[Rachel Roberts , who is really Delia Darrow. Darrow then details her "contingency plan" to eliminate the Pope: If His Holiness is not yet terminated at the end of Act I, Whitey Jackson will open fire from one of the auditorium\'s two organ bays . Mr. Hennessy knocks out Charlie and defeats Delia in a martial arts duel, and Tony and Gloria race to the Opera House, having some unusual problems along the way. After making it backstage, Gloria is grabbed by Jackson, who kills one of several security guards who have joined the pursuit. An enraged Gloria attempts to attack Jackson, who simply shoves her to the floor. This gives Tony the room he needs to shoot the albino, thus thwarting the plan to kill the Pope. As the performance ends, Gloria and Tony are revealed onstage along with the now-dead bodies of Jackson and the guard, but the Pope, who seems not to have noticed anything unusual, leads the audience in applause for the cast, the orchestra, and the conductor - Stanley Tibbets .'] ['On October 30, 1977, Jerry Goldsmith , Bill Hudley , Mary Knowles  and Denise Willis  are two couples out on the road in hopes of writing a book on offbeat roadside attractions. When the four meet Captain Spaulding , a vulgar but friendly owner of a gas station and "Museum of Monsters & Madmen", they learn the local legend of Dr. Satan. As the four take off in search of the tree from which Dr. Satan was hanged, they pick up a young hitchhiker named Baby  who claims to live only a few miles away. Shortly after, the vehicle\'s tire bursts in what is later seen to be a trap and Baby walks to her family\'s house along with Bill. Only moments later, Baby\'s half-brother, Rufus , picks up the stranded passengers and takes them to the family home. Soon following, the four friends meet Mother Firefly , Baby\'s mother; Otis Driftwood , Baby\'s adopted brother; Grampa Hugo , Baby\'s grandfather; and Baby\'s deformed giant half-brother, Tiny . While being treated to dinner, they discover that the family has their own weird Halloween traditions. Mother Firefly then explains that her ex-husband, Earl , had previously tried to burn Tiny alive along with the Firefly house. After the dinner is over, the family puts on a Halloween show for their guests, where Baby offends Mary by acting flirtatiously towards Bill. After Baby is threatened, Mother Firefly tells the couples to leave and that their car is repaired. As they try to leave, though, they are attacked by Otis and Tiny, being taken as prisoners. Not long after, Otis creates a work of art out of Bill\'s body, Mary is tied up and abused, Denise is bedbound and dressed as a doll and Jerry is scalped because he failed to guess Baby\'s favorite movie star. After Denise does not return home, her father, Don , calls the police to search for her. Two Deputy Sheriffs, George Wydell  and Steve Naish , find the couples\' abandoned car in a field with a tortured victim in the trunk. Don, who is an ex cop, is called and arrives at the scene to go with the two Deputies to search for information. They arrive at the Firefly house and upon finding bodies, the three are quickly killed. Later that night, the three remaining teenagers are taken to an underground well  and Mary manages to escape, only to be killed by Baby moments later. Meanwhile, Jerry and Denise are lowered into the underground chamber, where a number of feral figures pull Jerry away and leave Denise to find her way through the underground lair. As she journeys through the mysterious chambers and catacombs, she encounters Dr. Satan and a multitude of mentally handicapped patients. Dr. Satan has Jerry on his operating table, horribly torturing and skinning him alive. As Dr. Satan yells for his mutated assistant, revealed to be Earl, Mother Firefly\'s ex-husband, to capture Denise, she outwits the monstrous figure and escapes the underground chambers. Moments later, she is picked up by Captain Spaulding and passes out from exhaustion in the front seat, only for Otis to appear in the backseat with a knife. The film ends with Denise being tortured by Dr. Satan.'] ['In March 1975, biological warfare between the People\'s Republic of China and the Soviet Union kills most of the world\'s population. U.S. Army Col. Robert Neville, M.D. , a scientist based in Los Angeles, California, begins to succumb to the ensuing plague but manages to inject himself with an experimental vaccine just in time, rendering himself immune. Meanwhile, the plague\'s surviving victims in Los Angeles, join together as "The Family," a cult of crazed nocturnal albino mutants who seek to destroy all technology and Neville. Two years later in August 1977, Neville believes he is the plague\'s only survivor. Struggling to maintain his sanity, he spends his days patrolling the deserted city, hunting and destroying members of the Family. At night, living atop a fortified apartment building equipped with an arsenal of weaponry, he is a prisoner in his own home. The Family wants to destroy him, believing him to be a last remnant of the old culture. As Neville takes his time "shopping\' for a new leisure suit, he spots a "living Playtex Doll" mannequin which he chases into the overgrown park. Neville decides he is seeing things and dismisses the human sighting. One day, the Family captures Neville in a wine cellar. After a summary trial he is found guilty of heresy by Jonathan Matthias , a former news anchor who is now leader of the Family. Neville is sentenced to death and nearly burned at the stake in the center of Dodger Stadium. He is rescued by Lisa , the woman he had earlier seen while on patrol, and Dutch , a former medical student familiar with Neville\'s work. Lisa and Dutch are part of a group of survivors, some of whom are young children. Although infected, their youth has given them some resistance to the disease and its symptoms are slow to manifest. Nevertheless, given enough time, they will succumb to mutation. Neville realizes that even if it is possible to duplicate the original vaccine, it would take years to salvage humanity. However, he believes it may be possible to extend his immunity to others by creating a serum from his own blood. Neville, Lisa, and Lisa\'s teenage brother Ritchie  return to the bunker, where the older two begin treating Ritchie. Robert and Lisa become romantic just as the generator runs out of fuel and the lights go off. The Family decides to attack, sending Brother Zachary to climb up the outside of Neville\'s bunker. Neville leaves Lisa upstairs as he goes to the basement garage to restart the generator. Neville returns to the living quarters to find Lisa pointing a sub-machine gun at him as he leaves the elevator. Neville scares Lisa by firing at Brother Zachary who falls out the balcony window to his death. If the serum works, Neville and Lisa plan to leave the ravaged city with the rest of the survivors and start a new life in the wilderness, leaving the Family behind to die. Neville is successful in creating the serum and administers it to Richie, who is on the verge of the advanced mutant stage of the plague. Once cured, Richie  goes to the Family to try to convince them to take the serum. Matthias refuses to believe that Neville would try to help them, accuses Richie of being sent by Neville to harm them and has Richie executed. Neville discovers Richie’s body strung up and left as bait to draw Neville outside after dark. Enraged, Neville fights off the Family after they force his car off the road. Meanwhile, Lisa unexpectedly changes into a nocturnal albino mutant and betrays Neville by giving the Family access to his bunker. Returning home, Neville is confronted by Matthias, who forces him to watch as the Family sets his home on fire. Neville breaks free and, once outside with Lisa, he turns and raises his sub-machine gun to shoot Matthias, who is looking down from the balcony. The gun jams, giving Matthias enough time to hurl a spear at Neville, mortally wounding him. The final scene shows the human survivors, led by Dutch, departing in a Land Rover. They discover a dying Neville lying in a fountain, who hands Dutch a flask of blood serum, presumably with which to restore humanity, shortly after which Neville dies. Dutch takes Lisa and the survivors away as they leave the city for good. The Family is left to die, as Neville had planned.'] ["Jeremy Reed , whose nickname is Powder, is an albino who has incredible intellect and is able to sense the thoughts of the people around him. Jeremy's brain possesses a powerful electromagnetic charge, which causes electrical objects to function abnormally when he is around them, as well as when he becomes emotional. The electrical charge also prevents hair from growing on his body. Jeremy's mother was struck by lightning while pregnant with him; she died shortly after the strike, but Jeremy survived. His father disowned him shortly after his premature birth, and he was raised by his grandparents. Jeremy lived in the basement and worked on their farm but never left their property, learning everything he knew from books. He is taken from his home when his grandfather is found dead of natural causes. Jessie Caldwell , a child services psychologist called in by Sheriff Doug Barnum , takes him to a boy's home because he is now effectively a ward of the state. Jessie enrolls him in high school, where Powder meets physics teacher Donald Ripley . Donald finds out that Powder has supernatural powers as well as the highest IQ in the history of mankind. While his abilities mark him as special, they also make him an outcast. On a hunting trip with his schoolmates, Powder is threatened with a gun by John Box , an aggressive student who views him as a freak. Before John can fire, a gun goes off in the distance and everyone rushes to see that Harley Duncan , one of Doug's deputy who is hunting with the boys, has shot a doe, which is now dying. Anguished by the animal's death, Powder touches the deer and Harley, inducing in Harley what the students assume is a seizure. Harley tells Doug that Powder had caused him to feel the pain and fear of the dying deer, and he cannot bring himself to take another life. Doug enlists Powder to help speak to his dying wife  through telepathy. Through Powder, the sheriff learns that his wife clings onto life because she didn't want to leave without her wedding ring on her finger and without him reconciling with his estranged son, Steven . She tells him that Steven found the ring and it has been sitting in a silver box on her nightstand throughout the entire movie. Doug then places the ring on his wife's finger and reconciles with Steven, letting his wife die peacefully. Powder meets Lindsey Kelloway , a romantic interest, but their relationship is broken by Lindsey's father . Before the interruption, he tells Lindsey that he can see the truth about people: that they are scared and feel disconnected from the rest of the world, but in truth are all connected to everything that exists. Powder goes back to the juvenile facility and packs away his belongings, planning to run away to his deceased grandparents' farm. He pauses in the gym to stare at a male student washing, noticing the latter's luxurious head of hair as well as body hair which he himself lacks, and is caught at it by John Box, who accuses him of homosexuality. John steals Jeremy's hat and taunts him, but Powder reveals that John's words mimic what his stepfather said before beating him when he was 12, further angering him. John and the other boys humiliate Powder, stripping him naked and taunting him. His powers begin to manifest by pulling at their metal buttons and any piercings. Eventually a large spherical electric burst erupts throwing Jeremy in a mud puddle and everyone else to the ground. His classmate John is found still, with his heart stopped. Powder uses an electric shock to revive him. In the final scene Powder returns to the farm where he grew up, now in probate with the bank, and finds that all of his possessions have been removed. He is joined by Jessie, Donald and Doug, who persuade Powder to come with them to find a place where he will not be feared and misunderstood. Instead, a thunderstorm arrives and he runs into a field where a lightning bolt strikes him, and he disappears in a blinding flash of light."] ['In 1979, a newborn girl named Christine York is identified by Satanists—including her physician, Dr. Abel , and her guardian, Mabel —as the one chosen to bear Satan\'s son during the last hour on New Year\'s Eve, 1999, due to a symbol on her arm. As she is being born, a priest in the Vatican witnesses a comet arching over the moon, described as the "Eye of God", heralding the birth of the one chosen to be the mother of Satan\'s child. The priest is then sent on a mission by the Pope  to find and protect the girl from Satan\'s presence at all costs. However, a few Vatican Knights  insist that she must be killed to prevent Satan\'s plans, which most of the clergy  opposes, as they view that taking a life in an attempt to stop evil as sinful. Twenty years later, near the end of 1999, retired cop Jericho Cane , in a constant state of depression since his wife and daughter were murdered by hit-men, works for an elite security and protection company. He and his co-worker/friend Bobby Chicago  are assigned to protect a Wall Street banker . They are attacked by a priest named Thomas Aquinas , who is eventually captured and taken to a hospital. Unknown to Jericho, Aquinas somehow knew the real identity of the banker—he has been possessed by Satan and now wields great powers. Satan locates Aquinas and brutally murders him, crucifying him onto a ceiling. Jericho and Chicago see a name amongst many other things scratched into Aquinas\'s skin, and after some guesswork, begin searching for Christine York. Jericho and Chicago find the now-adult York  in her apartment and save her from the Vatican Knights who attempt to assassinate her. That evening, Chicago waits in a van while Jericho discusses the recent happenings with Christine. Satan arrives and blows up the van, killing Chicago. As Jericho and Christine try to flee, they are apprehended by Mabel who is possessed with preternatural strength despite her late middle age and lesser size. Jericho barely manages to subdue her. Satan then appears at the house and Jericho and Christine flee upstairs and escape through a window. Outside, Marge , Jericho\'s superior from his days in the police force and another police officer—both Satanists—confront him, demanding Christine. Jericho kills them both. A few moments later, Satan resurrects Marge for her usefulness as a NYPD detective to have the police search for Jericho and Christine, who have escaped to a nearby church, seeking answers from a priest, Father Kovak . Kovak soon realizes Christine and the banker\'s roles. He describes how at the end of every millennium, Satan will possess a man\'s body to consummate with the flesh of a preordained woman. If he succeeds in taking York, he will have free rein over the world. After hearing that the only way to defeat Satan is to "have faith", Jericho tries to persuade Christine to go into hiding with him, but she prefers to stay with Kovak after he says that Satan\'s greatest trick was to fool Mankind that he did not exist and she felt Kovak\'s explanation was true. Frustrated, Jericho returns to his apartment, where Satan meets with him and tries to tempt him with his lost family and his anger at God in order to make him reveal Christine\'s location. Jericho resists and manages to throw Satan out of his apartment window. Chicago soon shows up, alive and well. Despite Jericho\'s initial suspicion, they make a plan to retrieve Christine. At the church, where Kovak and his clergy informs the Pope of York\'s location, he orders them to hide and protect her at all costs. Unfortunately, the Vatican Knights arrive again, taking Kovak and his clergy into custody while they try to kill Christine again. Before they manage to do so, however, Jericho comes by and stops them, saving Christine and the clergy. Satan then appears, and Jericho runs away safely with Christine. The clergymen, in an act of bravery, confront Satan and try to send him back to Hell by using exorcism, but he resists them with impunity, killing the Vatican Knights, including the misguided cardinal. As Jericho and Christine arrive outside, Chicago then betrays the two; he leaves with Christine while Jericho is beaten by a mob of Satanists and left for dead. The next morning, Jericho is found and rescued by Kovak. Jericho immediately arms himself heavily to resume his search for Christine. He notices the resurrected Marge and follows her to Satan\'s hidden temple. There, he manages to rescue Christine and kill Marge for the second time. Chicago steps in to stop Jericho, revealing that Satan resurrected him in exchange for his help in capturing Christine. He manages to fight off Satan\'s influence after some persuasion by his friend; in retaliation, Satan burns him alive. Enraged, Jericho opens fire on Satan and escapes with Christine in the ensuing chaos. The two make their way through Satan\'s hideout and into a subway tunnel. They board a train and attempt to escape. Satan catches up with them and kills the motorman. In the ensuing fight, Jericho fires an M203 grenade launcher at Satan, wrecking the train and buying them enough time to escape. The banker\'s body is now irreparably damaged and so Satan leaves it to find a new host. Jericho and Christine escape to the streets and into another church where he prays to Jesus God the Son and God the Father. Satan smashes through the floor and confronts Jericho in his true form: a massive, winged, demonic creature. He enters Jericho\'s body and possesses him. Now controlled by Satan, Jericho attempts to rape Christine, but with the help of her begging words, he is able to fight Satan\'s control for a few seconds. Using what may be his only opportunity to redeem himself, Jericho impales himself on the sword protruding from a fallen statue of Saint Michael The Archangel, thus disabling his body for the few remaining seconds before midnight. At the stroke of midnight beginning the year 2000, the will of God frees Jericho\'s body from Satan\'s control and sends Satan back to the depths of Hell forever. After being granted a vision of his wife and daughter smiling and waiting for him on the "other side" , Jericho dies contented. Christine thanks the deceased man for saving her life as New York celebrates the start of the new 2000 millennium.'] ["Two college students, Keith and AJ, want to hire a stripper for their college initiation party, so they go to a dark, seedy part of town to look for a good candidate. They visit a nightclub in a barren, desolate, no-mans land section where the police rarely patrol. The men do not realize that the club is run by blood thirsty, ruthless vampires and that vampires and psychopathic albino gangland thugs prowl the alleys. They prevail on a loner named Duncan , to loan them his car, but he insists that in order for them to leave campus, they must become his best friends for the week and take him with them. They eventually agree and leave in his flashy red four door Cadillac sedan. After the vampire Queen Katrina  first seduces AJ  playfully at first after he takes off his shirt and lies back on a plastic covered love seat lounge, by licking his chest and rubbing him up and down. She then transforms and, while holding his arm down to keep him from fighting her off, proceeds to savagely bite into his throat and viciously drink his blood as he screams. Finally he fades into death and his body becomes still. Katrina laughs evilly in victory over his body. Keith  tries to locate AJ, but cannot. After a bit of searching around town where he notices some of the oddities of the patrons, he does find AJ dead in a dumpster. However after some time, he see him alive again in the dressing room of the club. The stripper with him attacks Keith forcing AJ to kill her. However he reveals he too now is a vampire, likely resurrected to kill Keith. But soon his love for his best friend overcomes his urge to kill him and turning a formica stake into his own chest, he buys Keith time to get out of the lair of vampire strippers, throwing him the car keys and giving him a few methods to kill off any attackers. Keith finds one potential ally; a waitress named Amaretto  who claims she knows the two men from grade school. Finally, Keith and Amaretto  manage to escape up a manhole cover to reach safelty. As they near safety, Katrina, now in full vampire form grabs Amaretto, and threatens to kill her. Keith, a marksman with a bow and arrow takes aim, brings in the daylight and he destroys Katrina. When Amaretto and Keith try to get out of the sewer, Katrina's so called lover  threatens to kill them in revenge for destroying Katrina, but AJ returns to save them both by killing him with a stake to the heart from behind. AJ then explains that the wooden stake which was used on him earlier was actually formica. As Keith and Amaretto climb out into the now risen sunlight, AJ has to remain below them in the dark sewers since he's still a vampire despite killing the master, making him the sole survivor of Katrina's undead coven and leaving him stuck as a vampire though he doesn't seem to mind. As Keith and Amaretto walk onward, with AJ following below, the people of the area start to go about their daily personal business."] ["The film is set in a small Georgia town in 1948. It follows the adventures of Buster Lane , a handsome, popular high-school senior, who is engaged to be married to his high-school sweetheart Margie Hooks . He is the 'big man on campus' and the leader of his group of friends. Buster, though, is different from these other young men. Buster's friends, being sexually repressed, often visit a girl from an underprivileged background named Billie-Jo Truluck  who dourly gives them what they want. In the meanwhile, Buster becomes disenchanted with Margie's refusal to have sex with him, and begins seeing Billie in secret. In the beginning, he sees Billie just for sex, but eventually finds himself falling in love with her. Buster is so taken with Billie that he decides to break off his engagement with Margie to be with Billie. Billie finds another lease on life with Buster, and they are happy for the first time in their lives. Happiness for them, though, is short-lived. Buster's friends are extremely jealous that they cannot have Billie for their own use anymore, and decide to teach Buster a lesson. They corner Billie one day when she is out, and when she refuses to submit to them, they rape and kill her in the heat of the moment. Buster eventually finds her dead, and is hysterical. He then goes to the pool hall where his friends are, with the guilt evident on the faces of the main perpetrators of the crime. Enraged, Buster kills two of them, while injuring the other two. He is then put into jail for this, but is released. He rips up entire garden beds in the town, and takes these flowers to Billie's graveside in her memory."] ['Steve Clark  is a high school senior whose family moves to Cradle Bay, a picturesque coastal town in Washington state. Steve soon befriends three outcast students, Gavin Strick , U.V. , and Rachel Wagner . Gavin tries to tell Steve that he believes there is something evil about the "Blue Ribbons"— a clique of students taking part in a "special program" led by the school psychologist, Dr. Caldicott . Steve is understandably skeptical. The following day at lunch, Gavin walks in looking like a Blue Ribbon. When Steve tries to confront Gavin, he gets punched in the stomach for his impertinence. Now Steve and Rachel must find the source of the Blue Ribbons as well as try and save the rest of the school before it\'s too late. They find a DVD-rom disc that Gavin hid for them in the boiler room, before his "transformation," which tells them about the club and about the history that he learned about Dr. Caldicott. During this, Steve also befriends Dorian ([[William Sadler , the school janitor, who appears to be mentally handicapped and hunts rats for the city for some exta cash. Dorian demonstrates a device called an E-Rat-icator which emits a soft, high pitched whine that is supposed to be innocuous but annoying to rats, which is an abysmal failure. Steve discovers that Dorian is actually highly intelligent, and carries classical literature pieces with him, and that he\'s hiding because he wishes to be left alone and does not trust society. Dorian also tells Steve that he suspects that the entire community of Cradle Bay is part of a massive conspiracy made up of nearly all of the parents, as well as the local police chief and the school principal, who hired Dr. Caldicott to "re-program" their own children to become the perfect people that they want them to be and not free thinkers. A little later, during an encounter where a Blue Ribbon assaults Rachel, the E-Rat-icator goes off, and immediately sends the student into a psychotic fit, driving him away. During their personal investigation, Steve and Rachel try to find out what has been happening to these Blue Ribbon kids, which leads them to a mental hospital called Bishop Flats following a lead on the DVD that Gavin left behind. Here, they find out that mind control is being used to make depressed, awkward and unruly teens become perfect so they can function properly in life, but the programming has some glitches that lead to momentary relapses which cause violent fits. Also at Bishop Flats, they find Caldicott\'s daughter, Betty , a failed project who spends her time repeating the same phrase: "Meet the musical little creatures that hide among the flowers". When Rachel and Steve return, they plan to get out of town along with Steve\'s little sister, Lindsay , but when they get back, Steve\'s parents (Terry David Mulligan and [[Susan Hogan  reveal that they are also part of the conspiracy and that they moved to Cradle Bay for the sole purpose to sign him up for Caldicott\'s program. Steve and Lindsay try to get out but they get ambushed by a group of Blue Ribbons waiting for them. They drag Steve and Rachel to the programming center, but Steve escapes and rescues Rachel. They try to get out of town again with Lindsay and U.V., but the Blue Ribbons and Caldicott are waiting for them on the road near the ferry out of town. When hope seems lost, Dorian the school janitor drives up, his car hooked up with multiple E-Rat-icators that scramble the mind control tech inside the Blue Ribbons\' heads. They chase after Dorian and try to destroy the E-Rat-icators, but, having been fatally wounded after being shot by Caldicott, he drives his car off a cliff with several Blue Ribbons hanging onto his car. This leads to a final battle between Steve and Caldicott, which Steve wins by kicking Caldicott off the cliff. Steve and Rachel then leave town on the ferry with Lindsay and U.V. to begin a new life elsewhere. The final scene shows a classroom in an urban high school with kids playing loud music, cursing, and acting up. They are informed that they have a new teacher. The well-groomed substitute turns around, and it\'s Gavin, with the blue ribbon "twinkle" still active in his eye.'] ['Art professor and mountaineer Dr. Jonathan Hemlock  is a retired government assassin called on to return to work for two more "sanctions", a euphemism for officially approved killings. During his career with a secret government agency called "C2", Hemlock amassed a private collection of 21 rare masterpiece paintings, paid for from his previous sanctions. The director of C2, Mr. Dragon , is an albino ex-Nazi confined to semi-darkness and kept alive by blood transfusions. Dragon wants Hemlock to kill two men responsible for the death of another government agent, codename Wormwood. Insisting he is retired, Hemlock refuses until Dragon threatens to expose Hemlock\'s art collection to the IRS. Hemlock agrees, and he travels to Zurich and carries out the first sanction for $20,000, twice his usual fee, and a letter guaranteeing no trouble from the IRS. Returning from Europe, Hemlock meets C2 courier Jemima Brown , who seduces him and steals his money and IRS exemption letter. Dragon agrees to return them if Hemlock completes another assassination. Hemlock is reluctant, but agrees when he learns that the C2 agent killed, Wormwood, was in fact an old friend of his named Henri Baq . He demands $100,000 plus expenses. He is told the target is a member of an international mountain climbing team which in the summer will ascend the north face of the Eiger in Switzerland. Hemlock will be the American member of the team, and must kill one of the climbers—C2 is unsure of the target\'s identity, and Hemlock is only told that the man walks with a limp. Hemlock travels to Arizona to train at a climbing school run by a friend, Ben Bowman , who whips him back into shape with the help of an attractive Native American woman called George . Hemlock also encounters an enemy, Miles Mellough , a former ally from the military who betrayed him in Southeast Asia. He tries to kill Hemlock by hiring George to drug him, but Hemlock survives. Later he lures him and his bodyguard into the desert, where he shoots the bodyguard and leaves Mellough to die in the sun. Hemlock travels to Switzerland with Bowman, the "ground man" or supervisor of the climb, and meets the other members of the climbing party at the Hotel Bellevue des Alpes at Kleine Scheidegg. After a brief conflict within the climbing team, mainly due to the headstrong German member, Karl Freytag , the men begin their ascent of the Eiger North Face in poor weather conditions. The French climber is struck by falling rocks and dies. With Hemlock now leading, the surviving members retreat towards a tunnel window that connects to a railroad station inside the mountain, carrying the dead climber between them. At the last moment, Freytag and the Austrian Anderl Meyer  fall to their deaths when their anchors come loose. Hemlock is saved, dangling alone a few meters from the tunnel window. Bowman and a rescue crew make their way through the Eiger to the tunnel window, where they attempt to throw a rope to Hemlock. Hemlock notices Bowman is limping, a sign that identifies him as Hemlock\'s target. Hemlock says, "You\'re limping, Ben," reluctant to trust that Bowman will rescue him. Bowman throws him the rope, and Hemlock attaches it, then reluctantly cuts his own rope. He falls onto Bowman\'s rope, and is pulled into the tunnel to safety. On the train back to Kleine Scheidegg, Bowman admits he became involved with "the other side" years earlier and had no idea there would be a killing. Bowman admits he had become involved with Miles Mellough because he owed a debt to him, that he had gotten his daughter George off drugs. Back at Kleine Scheidegg, Hemlock is approached by Bowman, who looks to mend his relationship with the assassin—wondering if he still counts Bowman among his "friends". After Hemlock is rejoined by Jemima Brown, he takes a phone call from Dragon who assumes Hemlock killed all three of the other climbers intentionally, to ensure he killed the target. Jemima wonders if Dragon is correct.'] ['Kevin Caffrey, a thief and connoisseur is at a local auction looking for things worth stealing. He meets Amber Belhaven who is auctioning off her father\'s painting to pay a hotel bill. When Kevin asks Amber about her hotel room which leads to Amber asking if he was trying to sleep with her, Kevin blinks rapidly and lies while also telling her that when he blinks he lies. When Kevin asks Amber if he could see her sometime Amber pretends to have the same thing Kevin has and says yes. While knowing what hotel she was staying in, he shows up to her room with the painting she auctioned off, having stolen it. Kevin tells Amber about his stealing business which shocks Amber at first but she accepts it in order to be with Kevin, and she later gives Kevin her father\'s lucky ring. Elsewhere, Max Fairbanks, a snarky businessman who\'s company, TUI, is going into bankruptcy, is going over with his lawyer Walter Greenbaum on how to save his company. He tells his wife Lutetia Fairbanks that his company is in a technical procedure to disguise what his company is really going into. Kevin goes to a local bar in which his Uncle Jack owns to see Amber. Whilst inside he also runs into his friend Berger, who is also a thief and happens to know what places to hit. While having Kevin going outside to tell him about Max Fairbanks, he shows him an article about Max\'s current situation with his company, as well as what he couldn\'t access due to the critical condition of the chapter 11 bankruptcy code which includes going into his Beachfront mansion. Kevin & Berger goes to the house to rob it, but Max captures Kevin. Before the cops take Kevin away, Max spots Amber\'s ring and tells the cops that the ring was also stolen. Kevin is forced to hand over the ring. After escaping from the cops, Kevin returns to the beach house to get his ring back from Max but fails to find him. Kevin, angry at Max finishes off what he started by robbing Max of the valuables inside the house and one of Max\'s three cars outside. Kevin tells Amber that the ring was stolen from him. Kevin and Berger hire Shelly Nix, a computer hacker, to track Max\'s whereabouts by e-mails. During an airplane flight, Max talks to his associate Gloria, a psychic, about the ring. Gloria consults her cards, and draws a king with 5 daggers on his head. Shocked at the result, Gloria doesn\'t tell Max what she drew and pretends that she breaking up. Max meets a judge that he thought he paid off to keep his house, but his insults lead to the judge ordering him to sell his house & his contents at a public auction. Upon knowing Max\'s plan to go to a cocktail party and then head to his beachhouse for one final visit, Kevin and Berger with the help of his partners Windham and Edwina rob Max\'s house. The next morning Max found out that his house have been robbed and meets with Detective Alex Tardio of the Robbery Division. Having enough of Kevin stealing from him, he calls his Head of Security, Earl Redburn. Kevin finds out from Shelly that Max is going to Washington for a Senate hearing and has an apartment there. Kevin and Berger go to Washington to Max\'s apartment. There, Kevin learns that Max intends to secretly bribe the senators, and replaces the bribe money with insulting notes in Max\'s name. Max and Earl later storm into the apartment, having deduced Kevin\'s presence there. In the ensuing scuffle, Kevin tries to steal back the ring, but instead steals Max\'s wedding ring. Amber decides that Kevin\'s feud with Max has gone too far and no longer cares about the ring. While Max later addresses the Senate Committee he gets a call from Kevin who tells him that if Max will give him his ring back he will give him back his. Max refuses and proceeds to repeatedly curse at Kevin. To the senators, and other viewers, it appears he is speaking to them, with the result being that the hearing ends very badly for Max. While going back to his apartment back in Philadelphia, Walter quits being his Lawyer and Earl tells him that he was hacked, Max tells Earl his plan to get Kevin once and for all. Kevin goes to Jack to find out where Amber is, Jack tells Kevin to stop robbing Max out of personal conflict and to forget about the ring. But when Berger tells Kevin about Max\'s bankruptcy auction and for how much his auction full of valuables is worth, Jack wants in on it too. Max gets a call from Lutetia about Max\'s behavior on TV, and tells him not to come home, while Amber breaks up with Kevin due to his obsession with Max and the ring. Lutetia finds Amber at Jack\'s bar wearing a jacket of hers that Kevin stole from their house and confronts her, Amber tells her that Max stole the ring she gave to Kevin. Knowing that they now have the same situation, they come up with a plan. Gloria, who is thinking about Max still draws the same card and decides to come clean. Noticing how bad it is, she tells him to put an end to it but Max still refuses to give up Kevin\'s ring. Realizing Max\'s arrogant determination to keep the ring, she quits being his associate, and goes to Tardio to give him Max\'s Company\'s records. At the bankruptcy auction, Lutetia tells Max that she wishes him well and sends him a masseuse. While Earl keeps looking out for Kevin through his monitors, Berger, Jack, Windham, and Edwina start the plan. Edwina and Windham are disguised as waiters, Berger is disguised as the auctioneer while Jack is his associate, and Shelly hacks into Max\'s security system. The crooks steal as much as they can, and later flee. Windham plants smoke bombs to cloud their escape and calls the fire brigade. At 2:00 Shelly plants a video of Kevin delivering a message to Max that he was being robbed without him being there on Earl\'s monitors. Max, angry and enraged goes out into the smoke to find Kevin, but a firefighter, actually Kevin in disguise, drags him out of the smoke, stealing the ring in the process. Kevin steals Max\'s boat to escape, but Max jumps onto the boat and struggles with Kevin to get back the ring. While hitting a buoy causing the boat to sink, Kevin and Max find out that the ring is a fake, the ring having an inscription inside it that said: "Grow up." a message that they both got from their lovers. Max realises that Lutetia had got the masseuse to steal the ring during his massage. When Tardio finds Max and Kevin, Kevin tells Tardio that he was saving Max, while Max tells Tardio that he never met Kevin. Kevin thanks Max and tells him that he owes him one. While going back to the hotel where Amber used to be before she moved in with Kevin, she shows him the ring revealing that she was the masseuse. She tells Kevin that the ring had bad luck and that he should throw it away. Kevin agrees and flings the ring out of sight and gets back together with Amber. Max and Kevin, who is pretending to be his lawyer, fixes the Senate hearing and went into the press conference victorious. When it is over Max and Kevin part ways, but as they do so, Kevin steals Max\'s watch.'] ['Donald "Sully" Sullivan is something of an oddball in the peaceful and snowy New York village of North Bath. He free-lances in the construction business, usually with his dim-witted young friend Rub by his side, and is often at odds with Carl Roebuck, a local businessman, flirting with Carl\'s wife Toby openly at every opportunity. Sully is a tenant in the home of Miss Beryl, whose banker son strongly urges her to kick the boarder out. Family complications of his own develop for Sully with a visit from Peter, his estranged son. While they reconstruct their relationship, Sully strikes up a new one with his young grandson Will. Jailed for punching a police officer named Raymer who has been persecuting him, Sully\'s luck seems to be all bad. But in turn his son and grandson warm up to him, his fortune takes a turn for the better and even the lovely Toby expresses a willingness to leave Carl and run away with him. At the end of the film, Sully is pretty much back where he began, boarding at Miss Beryl\'s, but this time the picture of contentment.'] 