['In the town of Crescent Cove, California, Farmer Gene Green spies a comet-like object fall to the Earth. Believing it to be Haley\'s Comet he goes to find it, coming across a large circus tent-like structure he is at first amused by the sight, but he and his dog Pooh Bear are quickly killed by mysterious clown-like creatures. Meanwhile, Mike Tobacco  and his girlfriend Debbie Stone  had also seen the comet and she convinces him to follow it. Coming across the same structure, they discover a massively complex interior that looks nothing like a circus tent, and a room with cotton candy shaped cocoons. Discovering the old man and a friend\'s remains in the cocoons, they are nearly captured by the alien clowns who coat them with a popcorn gun as they escape before giving chase with a balloon-animal dog that comes to life. Narrowly escaping, Mike and Debbie travel to the police station to confide in her ex-boyfriend Dave Hanson and his skeptical, curmudgeonly partner Curtis Mooney about the killer klowns from outer space. The latter believes it to be a hoax, and so does Dave after they drop Debbie off at her home and investigate the site to find the ship missing. Coming across a group of cars on the makeout hill "Top of the World" Dave finds the place destroyed and several filled with the cotton candy-like substance and finally believes Mike. Meanwhile, the Klowns journey into town and proceed to garner a supply of townspeople, using ray guns that resemble toys to wrap them in cocoons. While their tricks seem whimsical and innocent, tricks like boxing gloves and shadow puppets to "rubber mallets" often turn deadly before the townspeople realize what is happening. Mike and Dave encounter Slim, one of the clowns, using a shadow puppet to shrink a crowd of unsuspecting people into the palm of his hand before feeding it to a bag full of baby klowns who look like popcorn, but it escapes before Mike can run him down. Mooney, convinced that the calls to the police station is the result of a hoax encounters one of the clowns and a series of pranks makes Mooney lock him up, he does not realize the threat is real however until it is too late. Dave returns to the station to find two prisoners dead, the station decorated with shoe prints, and Mooney being mimicked like a puppet with Jumbo\'s hand inserted in his back. Dave shoots Jumbo several times before destroying its nose, which causes it to spin wildly and explode. In town, Mike and his friends Rich and Paul Terenzi, who own an ice cream truck they were using to warn people with notice the town overrun by the Klowns and run to avoid capture. At her home, Debbie is attacked by creatures that grew from the popcorn she had been sprayed with, and then is captured by the Klowns when they arrive, trapping her in a giant balloon. Mike, Dave and the brothers give chase to an old abandoned amusement park where five of the movie\'s primary clowns  had already killed a security guard by plastering him with acidic pies. Journeying through a fun house leading to the ship, the Terenzi brothers become separated, meeting two female clowns who sexually harass them off-screen while Mike and Dave find their way into the ship and free Debbie from her imprisonment after witnessing one of the Klowns using a silly straw to devour one of the liquidized townspeople. They run through the maze of a ship together, encountering several strange traps and tricks along the way before reaching a main room, called "Klown Kathedral" and are surrounded by the Klowns, they are distracted when Rich and Paul arrive after escaping the female clowns in their ice cream truck and manage to trick them into stopping their attack using a fake plastic clown head to give them orders. However a viceroy and supposedly the giant leader of the Klown army, named Jojo the Klownzilla, arrives as a stringed puppet and breaks free from the strings, wanting to destroy the humans himself after the other Klowns flees from the leader, he destroys the truck with Rich and Paul still inside. Dave starts a battle with Jojo, called Klownfrontation, Dave shoots at the massive clown to distract him from Debbie and Mike\'s escape. They escape as the ship begins to coil in and spin like a top before lifting off the ground to leave earth. Inside, Dave destroys the massive clown\'s nose with his badge and as a result he explodes and the ship is destroyed with him. Having escaped to the authorities who had gathered outside the amusement park, Mike and Debbie briefly mourn their friends\' loss until the Klown\'s miniature car drops out of the sky. Dave is alive and they all embrace before Paul and Rich appear from the back of the car themselves, having hidden in the ice cream coolers to avoid the explosion.'] ["The film starts out in space on a desolate planet where human Charlie McFadden and the shapeshifting bounty hunters Ug and Lee are searching for a vicious, worm-like creature. After successfully killing the beast, they depart the planet. Soon afterwards, they receive a new assignment by Zanti, head of the High Council. He tells them that Crites  are still on earth and must be destroyed. With that, they set a course for earth. Noticing Charlie brooding, Ug inquires what's wrong. Charlie states his reluctance to going back after two years and asks, concerned, whether they would leave him there. Ug reassures him they had no such intentions. Back on earth, Brad Brown is visiting his grandmother in Grover's Bend and word gets around the town fast implying he became well known after the events of the first film. Shortly after the bounty hunters arrive the Crites begin terrorizing the town. They begin to grow in large numbers. Lee, Ug's partner, is killed and devoured by the Critters, causing Ug to slip into a deep depression and revert back to his alien form. The remaining people of the town devise a plot. They lead the Critters to a burger shop in an attempt to blow them up but fail. The Crites then come together into a large ball and begin heading to the church. The Crites then devour a man dressed as the Easter Bunny. Just before they reach the church, Charlie flies directly into them with Ug's spaceship, seemingly destroying the Critters and sacrificing himself. Ug then takes on Charlie's facial feature in honor of his bravery. It is later revealed the next day as Bradly begins to depart that Charlie survived by using a parachute and stays on earth, becoming sheriff of the town. Ug departs in a new spacecraft, still wearing the guise of Charlie."] ['In the year 3000, Earth has been ruled for 1,000 years by the Psychlos, a brutal race of giant humanoid aliens. The remnants of humanity are either enslaved by the Psychlos and used for manual labor or survive in primitive tribes living in remote areas outside Psychlo control. Jonnie Goodboy Tyler, a member of one such tribe, leaves his home in the Rocky Mountains on a journey of exploration. He joins forces with Carlo, a hunter, but both men are captured by a Psychlo raiding party and transported to a slave camp at the Psychlos\' main base on Earth, a giant dome built over the ruins of Denver, Colorado. Terl, the Psychlo security chief on Earth, has been condemned by his superiors to remain indefinitely at his post on Earth as punishment for an unclear incident involving "the Senator\'s daughter." Aided by his deputy, Ker, Terl devises a plan to buy his way off the planet by making a fortune using human slaves to mine gold in radioactive areas. Psychlos are unable to visit such areas due to the explosive interaction of the gas that they breathe with radionuclide particles. Terl selects Jonnie as his "foreman" for the project and gives him a Psychlo education using a rapid-learning machine. Terl gives Jonnie a party of slaves and a Psychlo flying shuttle and orders him to go out and find gold. After learning the Psychlos\' language, history, and myriad other educational forms from the rapid learning machine, Jonnie plots a human uprising against the Psychlos. He obtains gold from Fort Knox to satisfy Terl\'s demands, instead of mining gold as ordered. Jonnie and his followers find an abandoned underground US military base with working aircraft, weapons, fuel, and nuclear weapons. They use the base\'s flight simulators to train themselves in aerial combat. After a week of training, the rebels launch a mass uprising against the Psychlos using Harrier jump-jets and other weapons. Carlo sacrifices himself to destroy the dome over Denver, and the Psychlos inside suffocate in Earth\'s atmosphere, which they are unable to breathe. Jonnie captures a Psychlo teleportation device and uses it to teleport an atomic bomb to the Psychlo home world. The ensuing detonation causes the entire Psychlo atmosphere to explode, wiping out the planet. Ker and Terl survive on Earth but face different fates: Ker sides with the victorious humans, while Terl is imprisoned as a hostage within a vault in Fort Knox. The film ends with the humans in control of Earth but facing an uncertain future.'] ['Federal Communications Commission  investigators arrive in the San Fernando Valley after what appears to be a UFO crashes, causing massive interference with teleradio transmissions. During their investigation they receive witness reports of what appears to be a man dressed in a bizarre outfit. Their investigation uncovers that this is a being from outer space who is invisible. They start a massive manhunt, causing a public panic over the invisible alien running loose.'] ['The story involves the people of Mars, including Momar  and Kimar . They\'re worried that their children Girmar  and Bomar  are watching too much Earth television, most notably station KID-TV\'s interview with Santa Claus in his workshop at the North Pole. Consulting the ancient 800-year-old Martian sage Chochem , they are advised that the children of Mars are growing distracted due to the society\'s overly rigid structure; from infancy, all their education is fed into their brains through machines and they are not allowed individuality or freedom of thought. Chochem notes that he had seen this coming "for centuries", and says the only way to help the children is to allow them their freedom and be allowed to have fun. To do this, they need a Santa Claus figure, like on Earth. Leaving the Chochem\'s cave, the Martian leaders decide to abduct Santa Claus from Earth and bring him to Mars. As the Martians could not distinguish between all the fakes Santas, they kidnapped two children to find the real one. Once this is accomplished, one Martian, Voldar, who strongly disagrees with the idea, repeatedly tries to kill Santa Claus along with two kidnapped Earth children. He believes that Santa is corrupting the children of Mars and turning them away from the race\'s original glory. When they arrive on Mars, Santa and the children build a factory to make toys for the children. However, Voldar and his assistants, Stobo and Shim, sabotage the factory and change the programming so that it makes the toys incorrectly. Meanwhile, Dropo, Kimar\'s assistant, has taken a great liking to Santa Claus and Christmas, puts on one of Santa\'s spare suits and starts acting like Santa Claus. He goes to the toy factory to make toys, but Voldar mistakes him for Santa and kidnaps him. When Santa and the children come back to the factory to make more toys, they discover the machines have been tampered with. Voldar and Stobo come back to the factory to make a deal with Kimar, but when they see the real Santa Claus they realize that their plan has been foiled. Dropo, held hostage in a cave, tricks his guard Shim and escapes. Kimar then arrests Voldar, Stobo and Shim. Santa notices Dropo acts like him, and says that Dropo would make a good Martian Santa. Kimar agrees to let Dropo be the Martian Santa Claus and sends Santa and the children back to Earth.'] ["Kate is dying. She wants reassurance that there is life elsewhere in the Universe. She and Andy go to the one place that may hold the answers to her questions. Alien lights have been seen. Alien ships have been sighted. If she could only come into contact with these foreign forces! The bizarre people who inhabit the area also play a role in Kate and Andy's quest. The one place that may hold the answer is...GROOM LAKE!"] ["The movie takes place in the year 2079. 45 years earlier, Earth was attacked by a hostile alien civilization from Alpha Centauri. A totalitarian global military government is established to continue the war effort. The film follows Spencer Olham —a designer of top secret government weapons. He is arrested by the military, led by Major Hathaway, on the suspicion of being a replicant created by the hostile aliens. The replicants are perfect biological copies of existing humans, complete with transplanted memories... and do not know they are replicants. Each has a small, organic nuclear bomb in place of a heart, and they are programmed to detonate when they are in proximity to their target. The government intercepted an alien transmission ordering Olham's replicant to assassinate the Chancellor when he met with her weeks earlier. Olham manages to escape the prison just before Major Hathaway was to remove and examine his heart for evidence of a bomb, accidentally killing his friend Nelson in process. With the help of underground stalker Cale, Olham avoids capture and sneaks into a veteran's hospital  in order to perform a medical scan on himself to prove his innocence, but the machine malfunctions while scanning his chest. Olham and his wife are eventually recaptured by Hathaway in a forest near an alien crash site near the spot where they spent the weekend. Inside the ship they discover the corpses of the original, real Olham and Maya, who were indeed killed on their weekend picnic. At that moment Olham realizes that he really is a replicant, his self-destruct sequence engages and the nuclear bomb in his chest detonates, killing himself, Maya, Hathaway and all of his soldiers, thus destroying most of the forest as well as all evidence of the crash site. In the final scene, the news announces that Olham and Hathaway were killed in an enemy attack, and Cale wonders if he really knew Olham's true identity."] ['A newlywed deputy, Martin Gordon , encounters an alien spacecraft that has crash landed in fictional Angel County in California. A large, hairy, slug-like, omnivorous monster emerges from the side of an impacted spaceship. A second one, still tethered inside, kills a forest ranger and the sheriff  when they independently enter the craft to investigate. Martin, now temporary sheriff, joins his wife Brett ; Dr. Bradford , a renowned scientist; and Col. James Caldwell, a military commander and his men to fight the creature. Meanwhile the monster stalks the countryside, devouring a girl in a bikini, picnickers at a "hootenanny", Grandpa Brown  and his grandson while fishing, a housewife hanging the laundry, the patrons at a community dance hall, and couples in their cars at lovers\' lane. The protagonists ultimately deduce that the monsters are mindless biological-sample eaters. The bio-analysis data is microwaved back to the probe\'s home planet through the spaceship. Caldwell decides that the creatures must be killed, despite Bradford\'s objections. He orders his men to fire at the creature, which they do while standing close to one another as it moves towards them. Their gunfire proves ineffective, and all of the troops are devoured. Paradoxically, Caldwell decides a moment later to throw a grenade, and the creature dies instantly. At the end of the film, both creatures are destroyed, but not before the signal is sent. The dying Bradford suggests that this bodes ill for the human race, but observes that since the galaxy to which the transmission was aimed is a million light years away, the threat may not manifest for millennia.'] ["A denizen  of a faraway planet occupied only by highly evolved males is ordered to find a female human, impregnate her and bring the baby back to the planet. The visitor to Earth assumes the name Harold Anderson and eventually meets Susan , a recovering alcoholic. He must marry her before he can try to mate. Greg Kinnear plays Harold's sleazy, conniving co-worker at the bank, and John Goodman co-stars as an FAA worker obsessed with finding the alien."] ['Two campers are nearby when a meteor falls to Earth. When they go to investigate, they are attacked and eaten by a bizarre life form that emerges from the crashed rock, mostly unseen but apparently consisting of multiple heads with hundreds of teeth. Nearby the crash site is a large house located on a rural plot of land. The house is the home of Sam  and Barb , and their two school-age children, high school–age Pete  and his younger brother Charles . Visiting are Aunt Millie  and Uncle Herb . Sam and Barb rise before anybody else is awake; they have an unspecified trip planned, which Barb hopes can be put off because of the incessant rainstorm. Sam insists, and he goes downstairs to check the basement for flooding. A flapping basement window suggests that the creature from the meteor has taken refuge in the cellar, and sure enough, when Sam goes into the basement, he is eaten by the bizarre monstrosity. Barb suffers the same fate when she goes down to see what happened to Sam; the creature corners her and viciously bites off her face. Aunt Millie is awakened by screaming, but she attributes it to the horror movie that Charles is watching on TV in his room. Charles is obsessed with magic, monsters, and scaring people. When Aunt Millie returns to call Charles to breakfast, he surprises her by wearing a scary mask and costume and setting off flash powder when she opens the door. Pete disapproves of Charles\' hobby, being more interested in schoolwork and science. Pete fancies himself a scientist, and he sets up a study date with three classmates, Ellen , Frankie , and Kathy . Aunt Millie has plans to have lunch with her mother, Bunny , who is planning an extravagant vegetarian lunch for a small group of friends. Uncle Herb, who is a psychologist, is interested in talking with Charles about his interest in the macabre, and Pete suggests that Herb has been asked by their parents to analyze his brother. Herb asks Charles how real the monsters are to him, and if he ever thinks he\'ll see one in real life. Charles seems to be well grounded, however, understanding that monsters are not real. Uncle Herb falls asleep in the living room, and Aunt Millie heads over to her mother\'s house to help set up the luncheon. An electrician arrives to investigate a problem with the circuit breaker box in the basement of the house, and Charles sees an opportunity to scare somebody. Slipping on his mask, he creeps down into the basement, which is flooded with several inches of water. But he discovers something strange; the basement is swarming with small tadpole-like creatures, the size of small fish. Charles follows them silently until he finds the electrician\'s body in a corner, with hundreds of the smaller creatures feasting on it. The creatures are all of varying sizes, from the small fish-sized tadpoles, to arm-sized worms, and there is a huge one, presumably the original, that has developed three different heads. The smaller ones seem to be spawn given off by the adult monster, each with the potential to grow into a full sized threat. The creatures have no eyes, and Charles discovers they are sensitive to sound in which their open mouths, filled with hundreds of sharp teeth, seem to be their receiver of sounds since they apparently do not have ears either. The large three-headed creature almost eats him when he snaps his fingers, and he is only able to distract it by tossing his flashlight into a far corner and allowing it to go after the noise. Adding to the horror, he sees Barb\'s disembodied head lying on the cement floor, partially consumed by spawn, and realizes that the creatures have killed his parents. Charles stands motionless against a basement wall, unable to move in fear of being discovered by the alien creatures. Meanwhile, Ellen and Frankie arrive for the study session in a flurry of excitement; they have discovered one of the creatures dead on the way over to the house, and they\'ve brought along its body to dissect in an attempt to understand what it is. Frankie hypothesizes that the creature could be from outer space, but Pete is hostile to that idea and dismisses it as ignorance. Ellen reminds Pete that to make suppositions, scientists must have some imagination. At Bunny\'s house, Millie arrives and helps her set up for her guests; Bunny is unaware that the spawn have reached the house and are lurking in her kitchen. One of them gets into her food processor, tainting the vegetable sauce she is making. When her guests arrive, all of them older ladies, they are horrified when they taste the sauce with the dead spawn in it, and the arm-sized creatures suddenly come at them from all angles, biting at fingers and toes, latching onto their legs and arms like small leeches. The women fight back and smash and kill a number of the creatures, all of them barely escaping with their lives in Millie\'s car. Back at the house, Pete, Ellen and Frankie seek out Uncle Herb to get his opinion on the strange creature they\'ve found. They find Herb\'s body in the living room, with hundreds of spawn eating him from the inside out. The three-headed adult creature confronts them in the hallway, and they run upstairs to Charles\'s bedroom. Charles, who understands that the creature will chase after them because of the noise they are making, distracts it with a radio, which it eats. Before the creature can find Charles and kill him, the doorbell rings--Kathy has finally arrived at the house. Pete and the others try to warn her from an upstairs window, but she doesn\'t hear them and goes into the house anyway. The monster nearly grabs her in the hallway outside Charles\' bedroom, but she escapes its huge mouth. Desperate to summon help, the teens devise a plan: they will make a dash for Pete\'s bedroom, where there is a telephone, and they\'ll call for help. But the monster ambushes them in the hallway. Pete runs to another room, Frankie and Kathy run upstairs to the attic, while Ellen stays in Charles\' bedroom and slams the door. The creature, attracted by her shouting, knocks the door down and rushes at her. Before Ellen can escape out the window, the monster bites her head off and her headless body falls out into the front yard of the house. Pete climbs out onto the roof and sees Ellen\'s body on the ground below. He also notices his parents car, still in the garage, meaning they never left. Kathy and Frankie see Ellen from the attic window, too, and Pete eventually climbs in through the small opening. He is in shock and is delirious, telling them "Ellen\'s really scared." When he tries to open the barricaded door, Frankie tries to stop him but Pete becomes unhinged, fighting with Frankie and screaming for Ellen. Frankie knocks him unconscious, but it\'s too late, his shouting attracts the creature. Fortunately, Charles has concocted a plan. Rushing to his bedroom, he assembles a hollow head full of flash powder, embedding a frayed electrical cord in the explosive material. As the creature advances on Frankie and Kathy, Kathy is hysterical and screaming. Charles rushes up the stairs and tells them to be quiet, then he baits the creature with the fake head. At first it refuses to eat it, until Charles gets the idea to scream. The monster immediately devours the head; with the dangling power cord hanging just outside its mouth. Using extension cords, Charles lures the creature closer and closer until he is close enough to an electrical outlet to plug it in. However, one of the arm-sized spawn creatures lands on his right shoulder from the above rafter and begins biting into him. Charles is forced to use a screwdriver to stab at the spawn attached to his shoulder until the three-headed mother spawn approaches and inadvertently eats the wounded spawn creature from Charles\' shoulder, thus freeing him. Charles manages to get at the extension cord and plugs it into an outlet, and the three-headed spawn creature instantly explodes in a gory shower of alien blood and body parts all over the attic interior. The threat no longer a secret, a massive hunt for the spawn has been mobilized at the house and the surrounding areas as dozens of townspeople converge on the area. Aunt Millie arrives back at the house and cares for the wounded and shaken Pete and Charles as best she can, while policemen and volunteers scour the surrounding woods and bushes for spawn, which they stun with cattle prods or stab with shovels, picks and axes. The creatures are dumped onto various bonfires that the locals set, and are disposed of, including the remains of the three-headed eight-foot mother spawn. Frankie and Kathy are also shaken but alive, and are taken away in an ambulance. In the final scene, several hours later, night falls. The house, now deserted except for a posted patrolman, seems to have been cleared of all the aliens—that is, until the patrolman hears a rumbling in the ground. It seems as if an earthquake is hitting, until the entire hillside next to the house erupts with the head of a gigantic spawn, even larger than the house itself.'] ["On November 5, 1975 in Snowflake, Arizona, logger Travis Walton , and his co-workers—Mike Rogers , Allan Dallis , David Whitlock , Greg Hayes  and Bobby Cogdill —head to work in the White Mountains. Coming home from work, the men come across an unidentified flying object on their drive home. Curious to learn more, Walton gets out of their truck and is struck by a beam of light from the object. Fearing Walton was just killed, the others flee the scene. Rogers decides to go back to the spot to retrieve Walton, but he is nowhere to be found. Making their way back to town to report the incident, the loggers are met with skepticism, as they relate what sounds like a tall tale to Sheriff Blake Davis  and Lieutenant Frank Watters . They are suspected of foul play despite no apparent motive or knowledge of Walton's whereabouts. After interviewing the men, Lieutenant Watters realizes there is a lot of tension between Walton and Dallis, leading him to believe this might be a murder investigation. The Lieutenant also discovers a tabloid newspaper in their truck with headlines about aliens, hinting that they used the article to concoct their story. The men are accused of murder and are threatened by Travis's brother Dan Walton ([[Scott MacDonald . The men are offered a lie detector test and take it. Dallis' test is inconclusive. After the testing is complete, Rogers is outraged to know that the results aren't shared. Five days later, Rogers receives a call from someone claiming to be Walton. He is found at a gas station, alive but naked, dehydrated and incoherent. A Ufologist questions Walton but he is thrown out and Walton is taken to a hospital. Rogers visits Walton while in the emergency room, and blames the whole incident on Walton for getting out of the truck. During a welcome home party, Walton suffers a flashback of the abduction by the extraterrestrials. In his hallucination, Walton wakes up in a cocoon. He attempts to escape but has to deal with a weightless environment. After they discover him wandering around, the aliens drag Walton to an exam room for experimentation. Stripping him to his underwear and covering him with a rubber sheet, which pins him to an examination table, the aliens subject him to an extremely painful examination in which he is forced to endure a probe through his eye. While interviewing Walton, Lieutenant Watters expresses his doubts about the abduction as merely a hoax. He notes Walton's new found celebrity because of the tabloids' attempts to profit from his tale. The film culminates with a denouement between Walton and Rogers. The closing titles state that in 1993, the loggers were resubmitted to additional polygraph examinations which they passed, corroborating their innocence."] ["Dr. Curt Taylor  meets an alien named Zontar from Venus. It claims to have come to Earth to solve all of the world's problems. But Zontar has a hidden agenda. He begins causing worldwide power outages, including cars. He can also control people's minds. Dr. Taylor realizes that Zontar wants to rule the world."] ['All of the women on the planet Mars have died in an atomic war, except for Martian Princess Marcuzan . Marcuzan and her right hand man, Dr. Nadir , decide they will travel to Earth and steal all of the women on the planet in order to continue the Martian race. The Martians shoot down a space capsule manned by the android Colonel Frank Saunders , causing it to crash in Puerto Rico. Frankenstein\'s electronic brain and the left half of his face are damaged after encountering a trigger-happy Martian and his ray gun. Frank, now "Frankenstein", described by his creator as an "astro-robot without a control system" proceeds to terrorize the island. A subplot involves the martians abducting bikini clad women. The title\'s space monster refers to the radiation-scarred mutation \'Mull\' brought along as part of the alien invasion force. The Frankenstein android and Mull confront one another at the climax.'] ['Graham Hess  is a former Episcopal priest. His wife Colleen  was killed in a traffic accident caused by Ray Reddy . The accident left Graham embittered and caused him to renounce his faith in God, and so left the ministry. Graham\'s younger brother Merrill , a former minor league baseball player, helps run the family farm in rural Pennsylvania and care for Graham\'s kids, Morgan  and Bo . Bo has a habit of leaving half-empty glasses of water around the house, because "[they] taste funny". Life at the farm is uneventful until a mysterious crop circle is found in the cornfield, but Graham thinks it\'s a hoax. That night, a frightened Bo wakes Graham up saying that there\'s a monster outside her bedroom window. Graham, thinking she is having nightmares, tucks her back into bed but as he looks out the window he sees the silhouette of someone standing on the barn roof. Alarmed, he fetches Merrill and they try to scare away the figure, believing it\'s Lionel Pritchard , a local prankster. The brothers run screaming around the house to frighten off the intruder; it jumps from the roof and runs into the cornfield. Neither man gets a good view of it. The next day, Sheriff Paski  stops by to investigate the incident. She admits that unless Graham has a clear description of the intruder, she can\'t help him. Their conversation is interrupted by Bo, saying that the TV is reporting numerous crop circles appearing all over the world but as yet people remained divided as to whether it is some great worldwide hoax or indeed signs of extraterrestrial life. The family take a trip into town the following day and hear rumours of mysterious strangers roaming around during the night and hiding in the shadows. When the family return home, they pick up odd noises on Bo\'s old baby monitor which when pointed higher towards the sky, Morgan believes its the aliens communicating with one another. That night, the dog barks incessantly towards the cornfield. Taking a flashlight, Graham walks into the cornfield and yells that the intruders are "wasting [their] time." As Graham walks back to the house, he hears a noise and spots a thin green leg among the cornrows. He runs back to the house, terrified. Later the family watches the television about reports of several unidentifiable and mysterious lights hovering over Mexico City. During a talk with Merrill, Graham dismisses his brother\'s belief in signs, evidence of some higher power, and says that they will have to face whatever it is alone. The following morning, Graham receives a cryptic phone call from Reddy, the man who killed his wife. Graham goes to see Ray and finds him sitting in his car wearing a bloody shirt. Meanwhile, a frightened Merrill watches news footage capturing the image of an alien at a child\'s birthday party in Brazil. Ray tells Graham that he is going to the lake, since none of the aliens have been seen near water. Before leaving, Ray pauses to apologize for the accident that killed Colleen and tells Graham that he trapped an alien in his pantry. Investigating, Graham uses a kitchen knife to see the reflection of the alien under the door. A clawed hand reaches out and a startled Graham cuts off two of its fingers. Back home, Graham gives his family the options to stay at the house or head towards the lake. They vote to stay, not wanting to leave their home. They board up the windows and doors, preparing for any possible attack. Meanwhile, news reports indicate that more mysterious lights have been spotted worldwide and that the aliens are becoming hostile. Merrill suggests that the crop circles in their cornfield, among others, are for alien navigation. Graham prepares a "last meal" for the family, with each picking their preferred dish. They are interrupted when they hear Bo\'s baby monitor, which they had earlier discovered could pick up the aliens\' communications, alerting them that the aliens are approaching. They listen as the aliens, seeking a way in, walk around the house. Merrill suddenly realizes that the attic was left unprotected and they quickly move to the basement, barring the door. The aliens can be heard inside the house and try to enter the basement. An alien grabs Morgan from the disused coal chute. It is driven away, but Morgan has an asthma attack. Graham realizes his inhaler was left upstairs, so he calms Morgan, hoping that the boy\'s breathing would return to normal. The next morning, Morgan\'s condition has improved and the radio reports that aliens are retreating. They return upstairs but are ambushed by a lone alien, who takes the comatose Morgan hostage. Graham notices two fingers are missing, meaning it was the alien trapped in Reddy\'s pantry. Graham suddenly remembers the night that his wife died. She was pinned by a car and the Sheriff tells Graham that when the car is moved his wife will die. He talks to her and she tells him to let Morgan have fun and be silly, and for Bo to always listen to her brother because he will take care of her. She then tells Graham to "see" and "tell Merrill to swing away." Graham realizes there was meaning in his wife\'s final words. Looking around, he sees Merrill\'s mounted record home run bat, next to Merrill. He tells Merrill to "swing away." Merrill understands and grabs the bat. Sensing an attack, the alien sprays a toxin into Morgan\'s face. Merrill swings at the alien, who then drops Morgan, causing one of Bo\'s water glasses to spill on it. The water acts like acid on the alien\'s skin, so Merrill starts smashing all of the half-empty glasses, before finally knocking the alien into a table, where water glasses spilled directly onto its face, killing it. During the fight, Graham takes Morgan outside and administers an Epi-pen injection to stop the asthma attack. Morgan regains consciousness, his lungs having been closed up prevented him from inhaling the alien\'s gas. Realizing that Colleen\'s final words meant something after all, and that they saved his family\'s life, Graham\'s faith is restored. Months later, Graham gets dressed in his clerical garb and goes back to church.'] [' Prior to the destruction of Krypton, the criminals General Zod , Ursa  and Non  are sentenced by Jor-El to banishment into the Phantom Zone for insurrection, among other crimes. After traveling through the galaxy for many years, the Phantom Zone is shattered near Earth by the shockwave from the harmless detonation of a hydrogen bomb, which had been launched into space by Superman  after foiling a terrorists\' plot to blow up Paris. The three Kryptonian criminals are freed from the Zone, finding themselves with super-powers granted by the yellow light of Earth\'s sun. After attacking human astronauts on the moon and the small town of East Houston, Idaho , the three travel to the White House and force the President of the United States  to surrender to Zod on behalf of the entire planet during an international television broadcast. When the President pleads for Superman to save the Earth, Zod recognizes Superman as "the son of our jailer" and vengefully demands that Superman come and "kneel before Zod!" Prior to Zod\'s arrival, the Daily Planet sends Clark Kent and Lois Lane  to Niagara Falls. Lois becomes suspicious that Clark is Superman and tries to lure him into revealing his identity by throwing herself into the Falls, but Clark manages to save her with subtle use of his powers. That night, Clark accidentally falls into the room\'s fireplace when trying to recover Lois\' fallen hairbrush; when Lois discovers his hand is unburned, Clark is forced to admit he is Superman. He takes her to his Fortress of Solitude near the North Pole and shows her the traces of his past stored in the energy crystals of the Fortress, one of which is the green crystal that created the Fortress and opened Superman\'s contact with his parents. Superman decides to transform himself into a human by exposing himself to Red Kryptonian sunlight in a crystal chamber, giving up his powers to become romantically closer to Lois despite the pleas of the artificial intelligence of his mother, Lara. After spending the night together, the two return to populated areas by automobile, and learn of Zod\'s conquest of the world. Realizing that humanity cannot fight Zod themselves, Clark decides to return to the Fortress to try to reverse the transformation. Lex Luthor , who has escaped from prison, finds and infiltrates the Fortress before Superman and Lois arrive, learning of Superman\'s connection to Jor-El and General Zod. He offers to lead Zod to Jor-El\'s son in exchange for control of Australia. The three Kryptonians form an alliance with Luthor and go to the offices of the Daily Planet where they abduct Lois. Superman arrives, after having found the green crystal and reversing the transformation process, and battles the three in Metropolis. Zod realizes Superman cares for the innocent humans, and takes advantage of this weakness by threatening bystanders. To protect the city, Superman flies off towards his Fortress, but Zod, Ursa, and Non pursue, carrying Lois and Luthor . Upon arrival, Zod declares Luthor has outlived his usefulness and plans to kill both him and Superman. Superman tries to get Luthor to lure the three into the crystal chamber to depower them, but Luthor, eager to get back in Zod\'s favor, reveals the chamber\'s secret to the villains. Zod forces Superman to seemingly again undergo the process, only to realize too late that Superman, fully expecting Luthor\'s treachery, had already altered the process to expose everyone outside the chamber to the red light, removing the Kryptonian criminals\' powers while leaving his own intact. After easily defeating the trio, Superman returns Luthor to the authorities and flies Lois to her home. At the Daily Planet the following day, Clark kisses Lois, using his abilities to wipe her mind of her knowledge that Clark and Superman are the same person. Superman restores the damage done by Zod. As he replaces the flag on top of the White House, Superman promises the President to never again abandon his duty, and flies into the sunrise for further adventures.'] ['The film opens as Ben, Gwen, and Kevin are negotiating with a group of black market dealers, who are attempting to sell them alien nanochips. One of them reveals herself to be Elena, a childhood friend of Ben and Gwen and a fellow Plumber\'s kid. Elena explains that she had set up the negotiations to lure Ben out into the open, and explains that her father has been abducted and that she needs their help to find him. Just as Ben agrees to help her, the chips suddenly spring to life, controlled by a man hiding in the rafters. Kevin sees it as a double cross, though Elena insists that she is not responsible. While the dealers escape, Ben transforms into Big Chill and drives off the intruder. Elena escapes in the confusion, further justifying Kevin\'s suspicions. Though Gwen quickly sides with Kevin, Ben is not as easily convinced. Arriving at their headquarters underneath the Bellwood auto repair shop, the trio, along with Grandpa Max, study the chips, learning that they are a hybrid of organic and technological components. Elena, having followed the trio, breaks in; Max orders her to leave, explaining that Elena\'s father, Victor Validus, was an apprentice of his who was dishonorably discharged after stealing the original chips. Ben refuses to believe that Elena is like her father, and breaks ranks with his grandfather and teammates to help her. While Max is away, Gwen and Kevin hack into the computer files relating to Victor Validus and discover a video of Max interrogating Victor, in which Victor insists that "the Hive", the hive mind intelligence behind the chips, is coming to take over the planet. Realizing that Max\'s anger towards Victor\'s betrayal may be clouding his judgment, Gwen and Kevin decide to aid Ben as well. Meanwhile, Ben and Elena arrive at Victor\'s old laboratory. It has been cleared out by the Hive, but they left Ship-It order slips behind. Other discarded files indicate that Victor was studying and upgrading the chips, and a picture shows Elena is close to the person controlling them. A mob under the control of the chips attack Ben and Elena, forcing them to retreat. They head to the Ship-It building to investigate further, though Ben is now somewhat suspicious of Elena himself, having found an order slip made out for that day, when Elena claimed that Victor had already been missing for weeks. Gwen and Kevin, having reached the building first, are too late to stop the distribution of the chips. Instead, they are met by one of the Ship-It employees, who is also under the chips\' control. He has a chip swarm attack Gwen and Kevin, which eventually wreck Kevin\'s car  after a lengthy chase. Ben, overhearing the commotion and following them, uses Humongousaur  to defeat the swarm, completely demolishing Kevin\'s car in the process. By the time they return to headquarters, the chips have spread across the globe, and number in the millions. The group deduces that there must be a Queen  controlling the Hive, and by destroying her they will likely destroy the chips as well. During their search for the queen, however, one of the chips takes over Max. Pulling together, the group notices an anomaly in the chip distribution; while world population centers are all infected, the relatively remote Barren Rock, Missouri, has the highest concentration. The town is home to the central headquarters of Ship-It. With Kevin\'s car out of commission, Kevin reveals that he has built a black and green car for Ben , called DX Mark 10  as a "late birthday present." Infiltrating the factory, the group discovers that the Queen infected Elena\'s father and his body is being used to mass produce the chips; when questioned, Elena admits that she knew her father was the Queen\'s host all along, but didn\'t tell them because she feared they wouldn\'t believe her just as the Plumbers didn\'t believe Victor. Gwen and Kevin reluctantly suggest killing Victor to stop the Hive, but Ben and Elena refuse to consider it. Ben uses the Omnitrix to transform into a new alien that he calls "Nanomech"  which was created by scanning the DNA of the chips. He enters Victor\'s brain and battles the queen while Gwen, Kevin, and Elena fight the drones. After a grueling battle, Nanomech electrocutes the Queen, and all of the other chips, freeing everybody from their control. In the aftermath, Max, after personally apologizing to Victor, decides to retire and leave his position as leader to Ben, but Ben refuses to allow him to do so. The film ends as Ben, Gwen, Kevin, and Elena drive home.'] ['Steve Malone, an agent from the Environmental Protection Agency, is sent to a military base in Alabama to test possible effects on the surrounding ecological system caused by military actions. With him is his teenage daughter from his first marriage, Marti, his second wife Carol, and Marti\'s half brother Andy. On their way to the base, they stop at a gas station. In the rest room, Marti is threatened by an MP member with a knife. When he notices her fear, he lets go of her, satisfied that she shows an emotional response. Before she leaves the room, he warns her, "they get you when you sleep". Steve and his family move into their new home on the base, and Marti makes friends with the base commander\'s daughter Jenn. On his first day in day care, Andy runs away because he is recognized as an outsider among the other somehow conformist children. He is picked up and brought home by helicopter pilot Tim. Marti and Tim quickly feel attracted to each other. Meanwhile, while examining soil samples, Steve is approached by officer Major Collins, who asks him about psychological effects particularly narcophobia  and their possible relation to toxication of the environment. Steve believes that a physiological reaction would be more likely. In the evening, Marti and Jenn go to the bar attended by the station\'s military personnel, where they meet not only Tim but also the MP who threatened Marti at the gas station. He denies that they ever met before. That night, a group of soldiers can be seen picking giant pods from the river running by the base. When Andy wakes up and enters his mother\'s room, Carol crumbles to dust, while a soulless double emerges from the closet. Nobody believes Andy\'s story that his real mother is dead and the person pretending to be Carol only an impostor. The following night, Marti and her father are nearly "taken over" too by duplicates emerging from the giant pods. Carol attempts to convince Steve that the takeover is a good thing, claiming that it ends confusion and anger. She also claims that there\'s no place to go, as the invasion is not an isolated incident. Steve is almost shocked and saddened into compliance, but Marti and Andy drag him out the door. Carol emits a shrill and mechanical scream that alerts other "pod people" to the presence of a human being. Now the majority in numbers, they swarm over the base chasing the remaining humans. After hiding Marti and Andy in a warehouse, Steve enters Major Collins\' office. The hysterical Major tries to call for help, but the line is blocked. While swallowing sleep-prevention pills Collins announces that it is too late to run; all they can do is fight. Their conversation is interrupted by the arrival of a group of pod people, led by base commander General Platt. While Steve hides, the pod people try to convince the Major that the individual is not important, and that only conformity can solve the world\'s problems. The Major shoots himself rather than live in such a world. Steve returns to his children and tells them to follow him, claiming to have found a way out. They drive aimlessly through the military base, as loudspeakers shout out instructions for spreading the invasion by carrying out pods in trucks. Realizing that her father was replicated while he was away, Marti swerves the car to the side and tries to escape with her brother. Tim, who escaped his former comrades who tried to turn him into one of them, enters the scene. Marti takes his gun and shoots the person pretending to be her father. The father duplicate shrinks into a mass of seething, bloody goo. Tim manages to get hold of a helicopter, but Marti and Andy are taken away by the pod people. They sedate both of them and take them to the base infirmary where remaining human beings are systematically duplicated by pods. Tim is able to rescue Marti, and although Marti\'s half brother and Jenn, now duplicates themselves, try to stop them, they manage to escape. The ending of the film is an ambiguous one. Tim destroys the trucks filled with pods with the helicopter bombs, while Marti confesses her profound hatred in a voice-over narration, thereby hinting at a loss of humanitarian quality. While they land on another base, the words of Marti\'s stepmother earlier in the film can be heard, suggesting that the phenomenon has already spread beyond the army base: "Where you gonna go, where you gonna run, where you gonna hide? Nowhere... \'cause there\'s no one like you left."'] ["A green-skinned man wanders through the desert with a laser cannon attached to his arm. A spaceship lands and two aliens emerge, one of whom shoots the man, which disintegrates his body. The aliens depart on their spaceship, leaving behind the laser cannon and a metallic pendant the man was wearing. Teenager Billy Duncan  wakes up in his bed, seemingly disturbed, and learns his mother is leaving for vacation. He goes to visit his girlfriend Kathy , but her deranged grandfather Colonel Farley  makes him leave before he can see her. As Billy drives around town, he is harassed by bullies Chuck Boran  and Froggy , and by two police deputies  who give him a speeding ticket. Billy wanders into the desert and discovers the laser cannon and pendant. He starts playing with the cannon, pretending to shoot things, then realizes he can fire the weapon while wearing the pendant. Meanwhile, on the alien spacecraft, the two aliens converse with their leader who shows them footage of Billy using the cannon, prompting the aliens to turn their ship around to head back to Earth. Later that night, Billy and Kathy attend a party where Chuck and Froggy attempt to rape Kathy. When Billy discovers them a fight occurs between Billy, Chuck and Froggy. Later that night, Billy uses the laser cannon to explode Chuck's car, and Chuck and Froggy barely escape the explosion alive. Government official Tony Craig  arrives to investigate both the explosion and the desert where Billy found the cannon. Tony informs the local sheriff  that the town must be sealed off. Feeling sick due to an unusual growth on his body, Billy visits Dr. Mellon , who surgically removes a metallic disc from Billy's chest. Mellon calls the police laboratory technician Mike London  to arrange for the disc to be investigated. A green-skinned Billy opens fire on Mellon's car that evening, killing him in an explosion. The next day, Tony investigates the wreckage and recovers unusual material, which he brings to Mike London, who concludes it is an alien material that cannot be destroyed. The next day, Kathy puts the pendant on Billy's chest while they are laying together outside. Billy immediately wakes up with green skin and deformed teeth and attacks Kathy. Billy goes on a rampage, shooting random objects with the laser cannon. Law enforcement officials shoot at Billy from an aircraft, but Billy destroys the aircraft with the cannon, and later kills Chuck and Froggy by blowing up their car. While Tony questions Colonel Farley and Kathy about Billy, the two aliens land on Earth and begin searching for Billy. After killing a man and stealing his van, Billy travels into a city where he randomly fires at his surroundings. Kathy and Tony arrive in the city and locate Billy, as the aliens spot Billy from atop a building and shoot him, which kills Billy and destroys the laser cannon. The aliens depart in their spacecraft and Kathy cries over Billy's corpse."] ['This film takes place two years after the first film. Zane Ziminski  is found dead in a remote Eskimo community. It is believed that he died of a heart attack. His broadcast to the world about the aliens is believed to have been a UFO hoax due to his dismissal from NASA . As his death is announced on TV, five people receive envelopes with details of an alien invasion. This group of five consists of three scientists, Zane\'s step brother Jack Addison, a computer expert whom he has not seen in seven years, and a reporter named Bridget Riordan. They receive papers talking of global warming and of aliens terraforming Earth into a planet hot like their own dying world. The group gets together in a large freezer  to see what Zane has left them. They find some alien artifacts in an envelope left to the group. One of the five suffers from the cold and is revealed as an alien. He sets off a metal sphere . The alien and one of the men are sucked into the BHB\'s area of influence as well as the contents of the room but Addison, Riordan and Zarcoff manage to escape. Zarcoff in his hotel room is killed by an alien metal spider machine which injects him, making it look like his death was from a heart attack. Addison goes back to his rooms to find a BHB has cleared them of everything. A girl he picked up and slept with last night turns out to be an alien and she and another alien inject Addison and he later wakes up to find himself being "taken for a ride". Addison rolls out of the car and despite terrible disorientation manages to elude them and team up with Riordan again. The aliens have set the FBI on the two  as well as cancelling their credit cards and emptying Addison\'s bank account of $15,000. The pair have only one artifact left and that produces a perfect 3D hologram when a laser beam is shone through it. They use it to find out that an atomic power plant due to be opened near where they are in Quebec is in the hands of the aliens. Later it is revealed that it is to go critical and will spread deadly radiation over many hundreds of miles . An attempt with a better laser fails as an alien tries to frame them for murder and then they find another one at a facility. Addison uses his computer skills to walk around and interact with an alien ship in space and to program a giant BHB to go off in one hour. The aliens arrive and both are captured from the hologram. In the atomic power station, their time seems to be up till the giant BHB goes off in the alien area below it and starts ripping apart and swallowing the atomic power station. Nearly dragged into its sphere of influence, Addison uses a small BHB to stop the giant one long enough for the two to escape. They just make it as all that is left of the power station is a huge hole in the ground. Some time later, Riordan\'s book Alien Agenda  is still top of the Science Fiction and NY Times best seller lists after 2 months. The world seems to still consider it all fiction. The film ends with the married couple driving to Alaska and it is just beginning to snow as they cross the border, which suits them fine.'] ['After a mysterious, extraterrestrial object crashes in the mining town of Salena, Arizona, the government dispatches a team of Marines to contain the possible threat. Meanwhile, a group of death row inmates ambush their prison bus and take the guards hostage. The criminals include Brando, from the Italian Mafia, Colburn, an African-American gangster, Alano, a Hispanic gang member, and a Neo-Nazi skinhead named Albany.<ref name2349 Alien Invasion Arizona  - Horror Movie Reviews - Horror of Buried.com - Everything That Is Horror] Arriving in the seemingly deserted town, they come across Special Ops Captain Bradley, the sole survivor of a horrible carnage that decimated the rest of his unit. With time running out, the group puts their differences and racial prejudices aside to combat the threat of the savage aliens hunting them in the mining tunnels below and the peril above from a squad of fighter planes sent to bomb the town to oblivion.'] ["Ray Ferrier  is a container crane operator at a New Jersey port and is estranged from his children. He is visited by his ex-wife, Mary Ann , who drops off the children, Rachel  and Robbie , as she is going to visit her parents in Boston, Massachusetts. Robbie takes Ray's car out without his permission, so Ray starts to search for him. Ray notices a strange wall cloud, which starts to send out powerful lightning strikes, disabling all electronic devices in the area, including cars, forcing Robbie to come back. Ray heads down the street to investigate. He stops at a garage and tells Manny the local mechanic, to replace the solenoid on a dead car. Ray reaches the place where multiple lighting bolts struck the ground and witnesses the ground heaving up as a massive machine with three long legs climbs out. The Tripod gives off a loud blaring sound before opening fire with heat-rays, vaporizing bystanders and destroying everything in its path. Ray manages to barely escape; he packs up his kids and leaves in the vehicle Manny repaired as the Tripod destroys the town. He drives to Mary Ann's house to take refuge that night. Loud explosions occur all night. The next morning he discovers a crashed Boeing 747 in the street outside the house. He meets a news team stealing the flight's meals and surveying the wreckage. The reporter shows him footage of Tripods all over the Earth, with the unknown pilots entering the machines through the lightning strikes. She speculates that the machines were in place for thousands of years meaning the invasion was being planned for a long time. Ray decides to take the kids to Boston to be with their mother. Robbie, vying to join the fight against the aliens, tries to leave with the U.S. military, but Ray and Rachel stop him. They are forced to leave their car after a mob surrounds them and takes the vehicle by force. They later survive a Tripod attack which causes the sinking of a Hudson River ferry. The family then ends up in the middle of a battle between the military and the Tripods. Realizing Robbie's determination to join the fight, Ray lets him go with the soldiers. Immediately afterwards the Tripods destroy all military resistance, presumably also killing Robbie. The Tripods are shown to be protected by an energy shield that makes them invulnerable. While escaping, Ray and Rachel are offered shelter by Harlan Ogilvy , who vows revenge on the aliens after his family was killed by them. While hiding in Harlan's basement, they witness the Tripods spreading a strange red weed substance everywhere. They all hide from a snake-like probe and a group of four aliens who explore the basement. The next morning, Ogilvy suffers a mental breakdown while witnessing a Tripod harvesting blood and tissue from a human. Concerned that Ogilvy's yelling and ranting will attract the Tripods, Ray reluctantly kills Ogilvy to silence him. The basement hideout is exposed when a second probe catches them sleeping. Ray cripples the probe using an axe, but Rachel runs outside and is caught by the Tripod. As he chases after the Tripod and Rachel, Ray finds a grenade bandolier with several hand grenades in a destroyed Humvee and detonates one of them to attract the Tripod's attention. He is captured as he planned and placed in the same basket with Rachel and several other prisoners. Ray discovers Rachel is in shock after she witnesses a captive being sucked up into the ship to be harvested. As Ray finally calms her down, the aliens select Ray to pull him inside for harvesting, but the other prisoners manage to pull him back. The bandolier he was wearing was left inside the Tripod and Ray was able to pull all of the pins, causing a massive internal explosion, destroying the Tripod and freeing the captives. Ray and Rachel arrive in Boston, where they notice the red weeds are starting to dry up and disintegrate. The Tripods also begin to act erratically and appear to also be dying. Ray notices that a flock of birds landing on a machine, indicating its force fields are down. Ray alerts nearby soldiers, who fire shoulder-launched missiles at the machine, destroying it. As a crowd approaches the downed machine, a hatch falls opens, releasing red weed fertilizer and revealing an alien that lets out a final growl before it dies. Ray and Rachel reach Mary Ann's parents'  house and find to their surprise, Robbie, who has somehow survived the hilltop massacre."] [' While investigating Halley\'s Comet, the crew of the space shuttle Churchill finds a 150-mile long spaceship hidden in the corona of the comet. Upon entering the alien craft, the crew finds hundreds of dead, shrivelled bat-like creatures and three naked humanoid bodies  in suspended animation within glass coffin-like containers. The crew recovers the three aliens and begins the return trip to Earth. During the return journey, mission control loses contact with the shuttle as it nears Earth and a rescue mission is launched to investigate. The rescuers discover that the Churchill has been severely damaged by fire, with its internal components destroyed, and the three containers bearing the aliens are all that remain intact. The aliens are taken to the European Space Research Centre in London where they are watched over by Dr. Leonard Bukovski  and Dr. Hans Fallada . Prior to an autopsy, the female alien  awakens and sucks the titular "life force" out of a guard. The female then escapes the research facility and proceeds to drain various other humans of their life force, also revealing an ability to shape-shift.{{cite news}} and seek out other humans in order to absorb their life force, thereby perpetuating the zombie virus. The absorbed life force consumed by the zombies is collected by the male vampires to deliver to the female vampire, who then transfers the accumulated energy to a waiting spaceship in Earth\'s orbit. Fallada manages to impale one of the male vampires with a sword made of leaded iron and surmises that the space vampire race is actually the origin of the human vampire myth. Carlsen then admits to Caine that, whilst on the shuttle, he felt compelled to open the female vampire\'s container and to share his life force with her. Carlsen realizes that his psychic connection is being used to lure him back to the alien so she can regain the life force shared with him earlier. She is later found lying upon a church\'s altar, transferring the energy from infected humans to her spaceship. Caine follows Carlsen into the church and is intercepted by the second male vampire, whom he dispatches using the leaded iron sword obtained from Fallada . Caine relocates Carlsen but the colonel manages to impale himself and the female alien simultaneously as a sacrifice for the benefit of Earth. However, the female vampire is only wounded and returns to her ship with Carlsen in tow, releasing a burst of energy that destroys the top of the church building. The two ascend the column of light that leads to the spaceship which then returns to the comet it came from.'] [" In 1961, the Ark, a Cybertronian spacecraft carrying an invention capable of ending the war between the benevolent Autobots and the malevolent Decepticons, crash lands on the dark side of Earth's Moon. The crash is detected on Earth by NASA, and President John F. Kennedy authorizes a mission to put a man on the Moon as a cover for investigating the craft. In 1969, the crew of Apollo 11 lands on the Moon. In the present, the Autobots assist the United States military in preventing conflicts around the globe. During a mission to Chernobyl, to investigate suspected alien technology, Optimus Prime finds a fuel cell from the Ark, discovering that it had survived its journey from Cybertron. The Autobots are attacked by Shockwave, who manages to escape. After learning of the top-secret mission to the Moon, the Autobots travel there to explore the Ark. They discover a comatose Sentinel Prime – Optimus' predecessor as leader of the Autobots – and the Pillars he created as a means of establishing a Space Bridge between two points to teleport matter. After returning to Earth, Optimus uses the energy of his Matrix of Leadership to revive Sentinel Prime. Meanwhile, Sam Witwicky is frustrated that he is unable to work with the Autobots or find a job. He also becomes envious of the close relationship between his new girlfriend, Carly Spencer, and her boss Dylan Gould. After finding work, Sam is provided information by his eccentric co-worker Jerry Wang about the Ark, before Jerry is assassinated by the Decepticon Laserbeak. Sam contacts the now-independently wealthy Seymour Simmons, and together they realize that the Decepticons and their leader, Megatron, are murdering people connected to the American and Russian space missions to the Ark. They locate two surviving Russian cosmonauts, who reveal satellite photos of hundreds of Pillars being stockpiled on the Moon. Sam realizes that the Decepticons raided the Ark long before the Autobots' mission and intentionally left Sentinel and five Pillars behind to lure the Autobots into a trap – Sentinel being the key to activating the Pillars and the Decepticons lacking the means to revive him. The Autobots rush to return Sentinel to their base for protection but Sentinel betrays them and kills the Autobot Ironhide, revealing he had made a deal with Megatron to ensure the survival of the Cybertronian race. Sentinel uses the Pillars to transport hundreds of concealed Decepticons from the Moon to Earth. Carly is captured by Gould, who is revealed to be in the service of the Decepticons. The Autobots are exiled from Earth at the demand of the Decepticons to avoid war, but as their ship leaves Earth it is destroyed by Megatron's second-in-command, Starscream, seemingly killing the Autobots. The Decepticons, led by Megatron and Sentinel, seize Chicago as their agents place Pillars around the world. Gould reveals to Carly that the Decepticons plan to transport their homeworld of Cybertron to the Milky Way, then to enslave humanity and use Earth's resources to rebuild their world. Sam teams with USAF Chief Robert Epps to go into Chicago to save Carly, but they are nearly killed by Decepticon forces before the Autobots intervene, revealing they concealed themselves during the launch of their ship to convince the Decepticons they were destroyed. Working together, the Autobots and human soldiers manage to rescue Carly and destroy Laserbeak, Starscream, Soundwave, Barricade, and Shockwave, with Optimus using Shockwave's arm-cannon to blast the Control Pillar, disabling the Space Bridge. Sam confronts Gould as he reactivates the Control Pillar, and knocks Gould into the Pillar, electrocuting him. Bumblebee and Ratchet arrive and destroy the Control Pillar, permanently disabling the Bridge and causing the partially transported Cybertron to implode. Optimus and Sentinel fight while Carly convinces Megatron that he will be replaced as leader of the Decepticons by Sentinel. Sentinel severs Optimus' right arm, and is about to execute him when Megatron intervenes, incapacitating Sentinel. Megatron invokes Optimus for a truce, having the desire to become the one-in-charge again. Optimus refuses and attacks Megatron, decapitating and killing him. Sentinel pleads for his life but Optimus executes him too, for betraying his own principles. With the Decepticons defeated, Carly and Sam are reunited and the Autobots accept that, with Cybertron gone for good, Earth is now their home."] ['The isolated Kelley family struggle with their small farm in a bleak landscape. A mysterious plane crash happens nearby. Then wild and domesticated animals and finally their handyman turn on the family and attack. It turns out a space alien  has taken over the minds of the lesser animals , working its way up to controlling humans as part of a plan to conquer the world. In the end, the family bond together, unite against the alien and their love conquers all.'] ['Houston cop Jack Caine  does not let police procedure prevent him pursuing his mission to wipe out the White Boys, a gang of white collar drug dealers who killed his partner while Caine was stopping a convenience store robbery. The White boys disguise their narcotics trafficking behind rows of expensive luxury sports cars, executive level jobs, and flashy designer suits. Led by the vicious but urbane Victor Manning, the White Boys operate above accusation but not suspicion. Law enforcement knows they are dirty, but they cannot prove it. Caine is determined to bring them down. Caine’s superior is tired of his unusual and improper tactics. Meanwhile, Caine\'s girlfriend, coroner Diane Pallone , wants him to make a stronger commitment to their relationship. When the White Boys steal a shipment of heroin from a federal evidence warehouse, they hide evidence of their involvement by blowing up the facility, killing or injuring numerous people. This brings in the FBI, which becomes involved in Caine\'s vendetta against the White Boys. Caine is partnered with a by-the-book partner, FBI agent Arwood "Larry" Smith . They investigate the drug theft and murder of several key White Boys soldiers. Smith wants Caine to follow official procedure, but Caine ignores him. He disregards Smith\'s interference and begins to suspect that the Feds are investigating more than just the White Boys. Caine’s instincts are proven right. The first clue is the murder weapon in the White Boys’ massacre: a hyper-fast, super-sharp vibrating disk like nothing they have ever seen. The second is a series of drug-related deaths has everyone very puzzled. The corpses are full of heroin, but the cause of death is not drug overdose. Caine and Smith do not follow the manual in their pursuit of answers. They end up on the trail of Talec , a vicious extraterrestrial drug dealer. Talec shoots his victims full of drugs and then uses alien technology to extract endorphins from their brains, synthesizing them into a substance to be used by addicts on his home planet. He is pursued by an alien cop named Azeck , who warns Caine and Smith that if Talec is not stopped, thousands of intergalactic drug dealers will start to come to Earth to slaughter its population. Putting aside their differences, Smith and Caine team up to take Talec down.'] ["A spaceship lands in the woods. A teenage couple, Johnny Carter  and Joan Haydon , driving down lover's lane without headlights, accidentally run down one of the aliens. Joe Gruen  a drunken opportunist, comes across the alien's corpse. He plans to keep the body in his fridge, but the aliens arrive and kill him by injecting alcohol into his veins via their hypodermic fingernails. Having reported their close encounter to the police, Johnny and Joan return with the Sheriff, only to find Joe's body in place of the alien. The police plan to charge them with manslaughter. Meanwhile the dead alien's hand detaches itself, grows an eye, and runs amok. The military, following a UFO report, are soon involved. They surround the alien's spaceship, but in the end it is the teenagers who defeat the aliens when they discover that they cannot stand the glare from their car headlights."] ['Several meteors fall in a field in England. Those who approach them are seemingly taken over, and barricade the area from intruders. A scientist is immune to the takeover due to a metal plate in his head. He enlists the assistance of a friend, who must melt down his silver cricket trophies to make a helmet to protect him. They discover that the takeover is benign, as the aliens just want to repair their rocket and return home.  {{Empty section}}'] ['The Astro Investigation and Defence Service  sends Derek, Frank, Ozzy, and Barry to investigate the disappearance of everyone in the town of Kaihoro, New Zealand. They find the town has been overrun by space aliens disguised as humans. Barry kills one of the aliens and is attacked by others. After Derek notifies Frank and Ozzy, he begins torturing Robert, an alien they caught earlier. Robert\'s screaming attracts a number of aliens in the area. Derek kills the would-be rescuers, but he is attacked by Robert and falls over a cliff, to his presumed death. Meanwhile, a charity collector named Giles is passing through Kaihoro. He is attacked by Robert, who has been eating the brains of the alien killed earlier by Barry. Giles escapes in his car and stops at a nearby house for help. Another alien answers the door and captures Giles. He later wakes up in a tub of water and is told he is about to be eaten. Derek also wakes up to find that he landed in a seagull\'s nest. He also finds that his brain is leaking out the back of his head, so he stuffs it back in and uses a hat to hold it in place. That night, Frank, Ozzy, and Barry sneak into the aliens\' house and find a room filled with bloody cardboard boxes. They kidnap an alien and Frank wears its shirt to infiltrate an alien meeting. He finds out that Kaihoro is being harvested for alien fast food. Robert vomits into a bowl, which the aliens dine on, including the disguised  Frank. He escapes and tells the team members of the plan. They sneak out to save Giles as the aliens sleep. At sunrise, they try to leave but are attacked by the aliens. Derek\'s hat is shot off, and he starts losing more of his brain, so he uses his belt as a headband. He grabs a chainsaw from the boot of his car and heads for the alien house. As the boys leave with Robert, the alien leader  and his followers transform into their true form and follow. Ozzy uses a rocket launcher to blow up Frank\'s car, which has been overrun by aliens. Frank and Ozzy hunt for Lord Crumb and kill a lot of aliens along the way. Meanwhile, Derek kills an alien with his chainsaw and replaces the missing parts of his brain with alien brain. An alien prepares to shoot Frank and Ozzy, but it is beheaded by Derek after he bursts through the wall behind it. Frank and Ozzy are shocked to see him alive. As they run, Lord Crumb shoots Ozzy in the leg and Frank fires his rocket launcher at the leader, but it misses and almost hits Derek, finally taking out a sheep in a nearby meadow. Derek is knocked out by the alien leader and the house transforms into a giant space ship, which blasts off into space with Derek still aboard. On board, Derek looks out the window to see that he is leaving Earth. Lord Crumb hears a strange, loud noise and investigates. He is killed by Derek, who ambushes him and cuts the alien in half with his chainsaw. Derek proclaims into his phone: "I\'m born again! I\'m coming to get you bastards!" He then puts on the alien leader\'s skin, laughing maniacally as he rockets towards the alien planet. On Earth, the guys drive away into the sunset in Derek\'s car.'] ['After losing her family farm to the bank, local beauty pageant winner Rene , decides to leave the small town of Berkeley. A number of strange meteorites are seen falling nearby, turning the local inhabitants into zombies. Rene and other survivors hide in the home of gun nut and alien abductee Marion . Marion has a large cache of guns and a basement fallout shelter, but he never had a chance to stock it with food or water. The group ventures outside to scavenge, but encounter the zombies. Marion shoots one in the head and discover that is the way to keep the creatures down. They abandon the house, going to the garage to get Marion\'s van. They try to flee, only to find a huge barrier surrounding the entire town, which Marion blames on the aliens that had taken him. There is also a slightly acidic rain that falls at very regular intervals and the group is careful to not to get wet. Later, they are confronted by glowing, hooded figures. One by one, the group is either killed or pulled up into the clouds until only Rene is left. The aliens stop her and she is sprayed with the rainlike chemical, which turns out to be a cure for the infection. The Aliens are actually there to keep the zombie infection from spreading. The "abducted" are floating in suspended animation above the clouds to keep them safe. Their job done, the aliens leave, unaware that Wayne , presumed dead, managed to escape by plane and will spread the infection after they left. The townspeople are rushed to the hospital to treat the injured. Unfortunately, Wayne transforms into a zombie, first infecting Marion and then spreading the plague once again. The film ends at Rene\'s farm where the survivors are staying. The final shot is of the farm with a fenced-in area nearby, containing the zombified residents of Berkeley. Rene stands guard with a triple barreled shotgun and a gas mask, waiting for the return of the aliens.'] ['The film begins on a prison asteroid in outer space. A group of unseen creatures known as Crites are set to be transported to another station. When the seemingly intelligent creatures cause an explosion that kills two guards and injures three, hijack a ship away from the station, and escape, the leader of the station hires two transforming bounty hunters to hunt the "Critters" down. Meanwhile, on Earth, we are introduced to the Brown family, living in a rural Kansas town: the father, Jay; the mother, Helen; the teenage daughter, April; and the trouble-making son, Brad. Brad often hangs out with dopey mechanic, Charlie McFadden. When he and Brad are outside, Charlie accidentally hits Brad\'s sister with a slingshot pellet, and Brad, not wanting his friend to get into trouble, passes the blame on himself. He is grounded, but sneaks out onto the roof. While on the roof Brad sees what appears to be a comet streaking the sky, falling somewhere in the distance. The comet, which in actuality is the Crite\'s ship, lands, causing the ground to shake and alarming Jay and his wife. Walking outside to investigate, Jay discovers Brad in a tree, who says he was thrown clear out of his window by the earthquake. Jay, obviously not believing this, takes his son along with him to find the comet. At the landing site, the Critters survey the damage, and set out for food. Devouring the majority of a steer, the Crites are interrupted upon Jay and Brad\'s discovery of the cattle\'s carcass. Then the Crites attack and eat a police officer. Shortly afterward, the Critters make their way toward the farm and manage to cut the power. Jay, Helen and Brad go to the circuit breaker where Jay is attacked by one of the Critters. Then out in the barn, April is making out and trying to engage in sexual intercourse with her boyfriend Steve when one of the Critters attacks them and kills Steve. Brad saves her by feeding a lit stick of dynamite to the Critter, killing it. The family manages to evade the Critters and get into the house. Meanwhile the two bounty hunters, having already landed on Earth, travel from pillar to post in the town looking for the Critters. When Brad goes for help, he manages to bring the bounty hunters to his home. The Critters return to their ship when the bounty hunters arrive, with their large leader having kidnapped April, Charlie then lights a homemade bomb with a molotov cocktail created from the whiskey he is always carrying and saves her. The Critters lift off, and blast the Brown\'s house into pieces. Their ship explodes, supposedly killing all the Critters. The bounty hunters leave in their ship after giving Brad a strange, remote-like device. The Brown\'s house is repaired in less than a minute, with a push of a button on the remote control. At the very end, the camera zooms into the barn, where Critter eggs can be seen.'] ["Young newlywed Marge Farrell notices her new husband Bill is acting strangely. He doesn't show any affection towards her or anything else, including his pet dogs, which he used to love. Marge is also concerned that she cannot seem to get pregnant. She then notices that other husbands in her social circle are all acting the same way. One night she follows Bill while he goes for a walk. She discovers that he is not the man she knew but an alien impostor: An extraterrestrial lifeform leaves his body and enters a hidden spaceship. She confronts Bill and he eventually explains that the females from his planet were extinct and that he and other males are taking over human men so they can mate with Earth's women and save their race. Marge is horrified and tries to warn others of the plot, but too many men have already been taken over, including the Chief of Police. Finally, her doctor believes her wild tale and he gathers a posse to attack the aliens in their hideout. Although bullets can't hurt the invaders, they are defenceless against a pair of German shepherd dogs that the posse has. The aliens are eventuially killed by the dogs. Entering the spaceship, the posse finds all of the human captives alive, including Bill. An army of spaceships is seen lifting off around the world, seeking a new refuge."] ['The Mystery Machine is driving through the Sonoran Desert. A sandstorm comes up and Shaggy makes an wrong turn onto government property. Seeing a UFO causes Shaggy to lose control of the vehicle and the gang find themselves on the outskirts of a small town. While Scooby and Shaggy stay with the van the rest of the gang enters a local diner to get directions. Shaggy and Scooby then see a mythical animal called a jackalope. The jackalope takes their last Scooby Snack and they chase it into a cave, where they encounter aliens. They run into the diner in panic, claiming to have seen aliens. The waitress, Dottie, says that they never see aliens but do see strange lights and hear sounds at night. The chef, Sergio, says that a month earlier local cattle vanished without a trace and a lot of people moved away. A man named Lester claims to have been abducted and he believes the two. He also claims to have pictures, so the gang goes to his house to see them. They are nothing more than paintings by Lester, however. He then refers to SALF: the Search for Alien Life Forms , dishes, saying that ever since they were installed there have been numerous UFO sightings and disappearing livestock. The gang stays overnight at Lester\'s home with Daphne and Velma sleep in a bunk bed and Fred sleeps on the couch. Scooby and Shaggy fall into a deep sleep on the roof, and are abducted. The aliens try to examine the two, but Scooby is able to free them. After escaping from the ship, they find themselves in the middle of desert, where they again fall asleep. They are awakened by a hippie photographer named Crystal, and her golden retriever, Amber. Scooby and Shaggy fall in love with them. They meet up with the rest of the gang in the cafe and are so love sick that they don\'t want to eat, which shocks the rest of the gang. Velma, Fred and Daphne meet the crew of SALF, Steve, Laura and Max, while Shaggy and Scooby hang out with Crystal and Amber. Velma becomes suspicious when she sees dried mud on their boots, since they are in the desert. Later, she takes the gang to a canyon where she believes a seasonal river runs. The canyon proves to be dry, but they find caves, mining equipment and on the cave walls, gold. The SALF crew capture and tie them up. The crew explains that they stumbled on the gold cave while searching for a new location for another SALF dish. Since it was on government land, they decided to keep the secret for themselves, and they planned to keep it that way. They are also exposed as the "aliens" who abducted Scooby and Shaggy, with the UFO being nothing more than a dressed-up helicopter. Eventually, Crystal and Amber reveal themselves to be the actual aliens from a planet 20 light years away. They dressed like hippies because their only information about Earth came from 1960\'s television broadcasts. The UFO that ran Mystery Inc. off the road was actually Crystal\'s. The SALF crew and their accomplices are arrested, and Crystal and Amber return to their home planet after a heartfelt goodbye. Shaggy and Scooby are broken hearted but a box of Scooby Snacks helps them forget about their heartache.'] ['In 1997, Los Angeles is suffering from both a heat wave and a turf war between heavily-armed Colombian and Jamaican drug cartels. A Predator  watches a shootout between the police and Colombians, observing as Lieutenant Michael Harrigan  charges into the firefight to rescue two wounded officers and drive the Colombians back into their hideout. Before the police can follow them in, the Predator crashes through a skylight and kills the Colombians. Harrigan and his detectives Leona Cantrell  and Danny Archuleta  find the Colombians have been slaughtered. Harrigan pursues the gang leader onto the roof and shoots him, catching a glimpse of the camouflaged Predator\'s silhouette, but dismissing it as an effect of the heat. Harrigan is rebuked by his superiors for disobeying orders. He is also introduced to Special Agent Peter Keyes , leader of a federal task force purportedly investigating the cartels, and Detective Jerry Lambert , the newest member of Harrigan\'s team. The Predator then kills several Jamaican cartel members who are murdering the Colombian drug lord. Despite being ordered to wait for Keyes, Harrigan and his team enter the penthouse where they find the Jamaicans\' skinned corpses suspended from the rafters. Keyes kicks Harrigan\'s team out, but Danny later returns to continue investigating. He finds one of the Predator\'s speartip weapons in an air conditioning vent, but is then killed by the Predator. Harrigan vows to bring down Danny\'s killer, believing they are dealing with an assassin. A forensic scientist finds the speartip does not correspond to any element on the periodic table. Harrigan meets with Jamaican drug lord King Willie , a voodoo practitioner, who tells him that the killer is supernatural. After Harrigan leaves, the Predator kills King Willie. Cantrell and Lambert are intervening in a mugging on the subway when the Predator attacks them. Cantrell herds the passengers to safety while Lambert faces off against the Predator and is killed. The Predator is about to kill Cantrell as well, but releases her when its thermal vision reveals that she is pregnant. Harrigan chases the Predator but is stopped by Keyes, who reveals that the killer is an extraterrestrial hunter with infrared vision that uses active camouflage and has been hunting humans for sport. Keyes and his team have set a trap in a nearby slaughterhouse, using thermally insulated suits and cryogenic weapons in an attempt to capture it for study. However, the Predator sees through the trap by using its mask to scan through various electromagnetic wavelengths and kills the team. Harrigan intervenes, shooting the Predator several times and removing its mask. Still alive, the Predator kills Keyes using a throwing disc and escapes to the roof. Harrigan knocks it over the side and finds himself on a narrow ledge with the Predator hanging below. The Predator attempts to activate the self-destruct device on its forearm, but Harrigan uses the throwing disc to sever its forearm and destroy the device. The Predator falls through an apartment window and uses a medical kit to treat its wounds, then flees through the building. Harrigan follows it down an elevator shaft and finds its spacecraft in an underground chamber. Inside the ship, the two face off in a final duel, with Harrigan finally killing the Predator by impaling its chest with the throwing disc. A number of other Predators appear, collecting their dead comrade and presenting Harrigan with an antique flintlock pistol labeled "Raphael Adolini 1715". Harrigan escapes the ship as it takes off and reaches the surface just as the remainder of Keyes\' team arrives, furious that they were unable to capture the alien. Harrigan speculates that the creatures will return.'] ["The plot involves a giant alien named Dr. Kolos  who is dispatched to Earth from a faraway galaxy on orders to create android doppelgängers by employing the scientific services of hypnotized cyberneticist Prof. Vaughn Dornheimer . This mission of colonization is thwarted not by the FBI agents sent to investigate but by him falling in love with the scientist's beautiful blind niece Lisa ."] ["In 1906, Professor Alexander Saxton , a renowned British anthropologist, is returning to Europe by the Trans-Siberian Express from China to Moscow. With him is a crate containing the frozen remains of a primitive humanoid creature that he discovered in a cave in Manchuria. He hopes it is a missing link in human evolution. Doctor Wells , Saxton's friendly rival and Royal Society colleague, is also on-board but travelling separately. Before the train departs Shanghai, a thief is found dead on the platform. His eyes are completely white and without irises or pupils, and a bystander initially mistakes him for a blind man. A monk named Father Pujardov , the spiritual advisor to a Polish Count and Countess who are also waiting to board the train, proclaims the contents of the crate to be evil. Saxton furiously dismisses this as superstition. Saxton's eagerness to keep his scientific find secret arouses the suspicion of Wells, who bribes a porter to investigate the crate. The porter is killed by the ape-like creature within, which then escapes the crate by picking the lock. The creature finds more victims as it roams the moving train, each victim being found with the same opaque, white eyes. An autopsy suggests that the brains of the victims are being drained of memories and knowledge. When the creature is gunned down by police Inspector Mirov, the threat seems to have been vanquished. Saxton and Wells discover that images are retained in a liquid found inside the eyeball of the corpse, which reveal a prehistoric Earth and a view of the planet seen from space. They deduce that the real threat is somehow a formless extra-terrestrial that inhabited the body of the creature and now resides within the Inspector. Father Pujardov, sensing the greater presence inside the Inspector and believing it to be that of Satan, renounces his faith to pledge allegiance to the mysterious entity. News of the murders is wired to the Russian authorities. An intimidating Cossack officer, Captain Kazan , boards the train with a handful of his men. Kazan believes the train is transporting rebels; he is only convinced of the alien's existence when Mirov is discovered to be the creature's host when Saxton switches off the lights and Mirov's eyes glow. The creature has absorbed the memories of Wells' assistant, an engineer, and others. It seeks the Polish Count's metallurgical knowledge too, in order to build a vessel to escape Earth. Kazan fatally shoots Mirov, and the alien transfers itself to the deranged Pujardov. The passengers flee to the freight car while Pujardov murders Kazan, his men, and the Count, draining all their minds. Saxton rescues the Countess and holds Pujardov at gunpoint. Saxton, having discovered that bright light prevents the entity from draining minds or transferring to another body, forces Pujardov into a brightly lit area. The creature/Pujardov explains that it is a collective form of energy from another galaxy. Trapped on Earth in the distant past after being left behind in an accident, it survived for millions of years in the bodies of protozoa, fish and other animals, but cannot live outside a living being longer than a few moments. The creature begs to be spared, tempting Saxton with its advanced knowledge of technology and cures for diseases. While Saxton is distracted by the offer, the creature moves into and reanimates the Count's corpse. Saxton and the Countess flee the creature, but it now resurrects all of its victims as zombies. Battling their way through, Saxton and the Countess eventually reach the caboose, where the other survivors have taken refuge. Once there, Saxton and Wells work desperately to uncouple themselves from the rest of the train. The Russian government sends a telegram to a dispatch station ahead, instructing them to destroy the train by sending it down a dead-end spur. Speculating that it must be war, the station staff switch the points. The creature takes control of the train as it enters the spur. Saxton and Wells manage separate the last car from the rest of the train just before the train jumps the track and tumbles to the bottom of a deep ravine. The caboose rolls precariously to the end of the track before stopping, inches away from the edge of the cliff. The survivors quickly depart from the van while Saxon, Wells and the Countess gaze over the ravine to witness the inferno consuming the train and its unearthly inhabitants."] ["A village in rural Thailand is celebrating Loy Krathong, when the festivities are disrupted by the descent of a spaceship. Ray beams are fired from the craft and all the village's women find they are suddenly pregnant. Only a few hours later the women give birth. The alien offspring have the power to kill by just staring and they have an insatiable appetite for raw meat."] ["A group of criminals who have kidnapped an heiress take over a geologist's home in a secluded forest to hide in. Then a UFO crashes nearby and out emerges an alien resembling a beautiful woman- however, she's highly radioactive and can kill with her bare touch. She starts stalking and killing the other characters. In the end, the alien herself is killed, but not before the scientist realizes she was only trying to ask for help, apparently unaware of how dangerous she was to humans. He fears what the reaction of her race will be towards Earth after the incident."] ['Tommy has just joined the cast of the top-rated kids\' show, "Captain Mike\'s Mystery Monsters," and is anxious to find out just how the special effects crew gets the monsters to work. Imagine his surprise when he discovers they\'re not special effects at all! Adding to the situation, the monsters\' original owner, evil Queen Mara, has returned to Earth to reclaim her property and take revenge on Captain Mike for stealing them.'] ['When Martians surround Earth with an armada of flying saucers, President James "Jimmy" Dale addresses America concerning the historic event. People around the country follow the story, including news anchors in New York, employees and guests at the Luxor Las Vegas hotel in Nevada and a trailer trash family in fictional Perkinsville, Kansas. The President\'s science aides set up a first contact meeting with the Martians in Pahrump, Nevada. Using a probably defective universal translator the Martians announce they have "come in peace." However, when a hippie releases a dove as a symbol of peace, the Martians shoot it down and attack the army and gathered crowd. General Casey, Jason Stone, and Billy-Glenn are among those killed. Thinking that the reason for this is a "cultural misunderstanding," President Dale has Professor Donald Kessler continue negotiations with the Martians, whose ambassador is invited to address the United States Congress. At this meeting, the Martians massacre most of the members of Congress and retreat to their saucer. Kessler begs for the Martian ambassador to stop, but he is knocked out and taken aboard their ship. General Decker tries to convince President Dale to retaliate with nuclear warfare, but the president refuses. A Martian assassin, disguised as a beautiful woman, enters the White House and unsuccessfully attempts to assassinate Dale. After the unsuccessful attempt on his life, the Martians then begin a full-scale invasion, in which they destroy Big Ben, the Eiffel Tower, the Taj Mahal, the Washington Monument, the Easter Island Moais, Mount Rushmore - replacing the stone president heads with Martian heads, and other locations. Meeting with the ambassador one more time to plead for peace, the ambassador goes to shake hands with President Dale but the ambassador\'s hand comes off and crawls on President Dale, and then stabs him to death. Meanwhile, Richie Norris, a Kansas teenager, discovers that the Martians heads explode when they hear Slim Whitman\'s "Indian Love Call". He and his grandmother drive around town, using the song to destroy the Martians. The military hears about the recording and broadcasts it around the globe and into space, killing most of the Martians and causing the few remaining survivors to flee Earth. Richie and his grandmother are later awarded the Medal of Honor by the only surviving member of the government, the President\'s teenage daughter, Taffy, at a ceremony including a Mariachi band playing The Star Spangled Banner on the steps of the ruined United States Capitol.'] ['The film opens on the Planet Krypton where Jor-El condemns General Zod, Non, and Ursa to the Phantom Zone. The scene now follows the three supervillains as they witness the destruction of Krypton from inside the Phantom Zone. The resulting explosion bumps their floating prison, and changes their trajectory, so that they set on the same course as the ship that is sending Kal-El to earth. The film then shows flashbacks to the first Superman film, The launching of the two XK-101 missiles; Superman being trapped in the swimming pool with the Kryptonite necklace by Lex Luthor and being rescued by Ms. Teschmacher; and Superman diverting the missile into outer space. The Phantom Zone drifts towards Earth and the missile hits it, freeing the villains, who upon seeing Earth, fly towards it. After a successful escape from jail, Lex Luthor finds and infiltrates the Fortress of Solitude, learning of the impending doom brought by General Zod. He resolves to meet up with Zod, and begins to track his approaching alpha wave signal using the same tracking device he used to locate the Fortress. At the Daily Planet, Lois Lane suspects that Clark Kent is Superman. She tests Clark by jumping out of a window, but Clark uses his powers to save her while appearing to have done nothing. The newspaper sends Clark and Lois to Niagara Falls. Superman\'s rescue of a small boy renews Lois\' suspicions, and she tricks Clark with a gun loaded with blanks into admitting that he is Superman. Meanwhile Zod, Non and Ursa, arrive on the moon and ruthlessly attack some astronauts, learning of their Superpowers. They fly towards the \'Planet Houston\', where they intend to rule as \'Gods\'. They destroy a small town, then travel to Washington to force the President to surrender to Zod on behalf of the entire planet. When the President pleads for Superman to save the Earth, Zod demands that Superman come. Superman, unaware of the arrival of Zod, takes Lois Lane to his Fortress of Solitude. After spending the night together, Superman decides to transform himself into a human by exposing himself to red Kryptonian sunlight in a crystal chamber. The two return to society and learn of Zod\'s conquest of the world. Realizing that humanity is helpless, Clark returns to the Fortress to reverse the transformation. Having anticipated this decision, Jor-El\'s artificial intelligence reveals it has been programmed to deal with this situation by sacrificing the remaining Kryptonian energy it needs to continue operating. Thus to restore Clark to his superpowers, it must be joined with him , making a reality of the Kryptonian prophecy concerning "the father becoming the son" and rendering the Fortress of Solitude obsolete. Lex Luthor arrives to the White House informing Zod that Superman is Jor-El\'s son, and that he has the ability to find him, in exchange for control of Australia. He takes the three Kryptonians to the Daily Planet where they abduct Lois. Superman arrives and a fight ensues in Metropolis. After he is almost killed, Superman realizes he can\'t win and flies off towards his Fortress, with Zod, Ursa, and Non in pursuit. At the Fortress, Zod forces Superman to again undergo the transformation process. The three villains realize too late that Superman has altered the process to expose everyone outside the chamber, removing the Kryptonian criminals\' powers. He defeats them with ease. Superman now turns his eyes on the unnecessary Fortress of Solitude and destroys it with his heat vision. He then repeats the time-traveling flight from the end of the first film, so that the Kryptonians never escaped the Phantom Zone, Lois never found out he was Superman, the Fortress of Solitude was never destroyed, and Lex Luthor never escaped from jail.'] ['The three finalists for Plaything Magazine\'s "Centerfold of the Year" are Inga , Betty  and Angel Grace . During a photoshoot, Betty makes some rather scathing remarks regarding Angel\'s appearance. Angel becomes self-conscious, and goes to Dr. Lindstrom at his clinic. Angel had taken beauty enhancing treatments previously, but now wants to get back on the program. Though Lindstrom warns her that any additional doses could be fatal, Angel still pleads to be put back on the program. Dr. Lindstrom gives her a case with several vials, cautioning her to only take one a day. That night, Angel takes her first vial. The result of it causes her breasts to increase in size. Shortly thereafter, Angel, Betty and Inga go to the Plaything Mansion, and meet Bob Gordon, the founder of Plaything Magazine. The night before the photoshoot with all the girls, the shoot\'s photographer Mark  tries to sleep with each of the girls. Though Betty and Inga shoot him down, Angel gives into his sweet talk. Angel accidentally oversleeps and misses the beginning of the photoshoot. As she checks herself in the mirror, she realizes that she didn\'t take a vial the previous day, and wrinkles are settling in. In an act of desperation, she takes 3–5 vials. The overdose causes her to pass out for just a moment. When she reawakens, she has grown easily 1–2 feet taller than normal. Angel is oblivious, even though her high heels and bikini seem smaller. Making her way to the photoshoot, Angel and the girls begin posing for Mark, before Angel suddenly faints. While Mark, Betty and Inga go to alert Gordon, Mark\'s assistant Wilson  stays behind. When the group returns, Wilson and Angel are gone. Wilson emerges from behind a nearby cliff, followed by Angel, now over 60 feet tall. Sometime afterward, a circus tent is set up for Angel, who is still upset at her sudden growth spurt. Back at the Plaything Mansion, Mark and Gordon plot to use Angel\'s size as a major selling point for the magazine, and then turn her over to the government for experimentation. Wilson overhears the conversation, and confronts Mark about the plan; Mark shrugs off Wilson\'s concerns. Over the next couple days, Mark tries to win over Angel\'s embarrassment at being a giantess, in hopes that they can conduct her \'60-foot photoshoot\'. He explains that Gordon has arranged for a specialist to come in and help her, and that they have tried to call Dr. Lindstrom for her, but haven\'t been able to reach him. Wilson one night sneaks into Angel\'s tent, and explains what he overheard. It is here that Wilson finally confesses his love for Angel, and his concern over Mark and Gordon\'s plan. After the conversation, Angel wanders out into the nearby desert to think. The next day, Wilson manages to get a hold of Dr. Lindstrom, who agrees to come up to the Mansion to see Angel. As he finishes the conversation, Mark finds a rough-copy of the next issue of Plaything, with a 3–6 page spread, promising Plaything\'s \'Biggest Centerfold Yet.\' Betty finds the issue and grows angry that Angel appears to have trumped her. Some distance away from the Mansion, Mark has finally convinced Angel to do the photoshoot, taking pictures of her as she bathes in a wooden watertower. Betty, hellbent on revenge, tries to recruit Inga to her cause, but gets no sympathy. Sneaking into Angel\'s room, Betty finds Angel\'s case from the Lindstrom clinic, and takes some of the vials. Angel meanwhile, has finished her shoot in the watertank and is snuggling with Mark, when Gordon and Wilson meet up with her. Gordon continues his lie about a specialist coming, when Wilson finally exposes them as liars in front of Angel. Angel grows upset at being lied to, but the mood is shattered when Betty appears, having grown to 60&nbsp;ft. Angel and Betty begin fighting, just as Dr. Lindstrom arrives. Lindstrom tries to administer a tranquilizer dart on Angel, but it instead ends up striking Betty, who pulls it out and throws it at Gordon. Angel and Betty then continue their fight which eventually leads them to downtown Los Angeles. As Lindstrom, Mark and Wilson arrive, the girls have sent a myriad of people running down the darkened streets. Wilson uses Lindstrom\'s special antidote, which shrinks Angel and Betty back to normal. Angel happily decks Betty, whom Mark runs to. Wilson goes to Angel\'s side, and the two embrace. Mark meanwhile, forcibly tries to kiss Betty, who explodes, due to an instability with the antidote.'] ['Astronaut and Osteopath, Dr. Ivan Hood  and his companion Kelly  return to Earth after a 14 year space mission with two other astronauts. They are soon captured by other humans and one of their team is killed after sustaining a sprain. They are taken to a work camp, to their surprise, is run by locust-like aliens. These aliens had arrived 20 years ago to feast on the trees and used E.M.P. bombs to cripple earth before their invasion. The other member of their team is eaten alive by one of the aliens after refusing to work. The camp is supervised by human bounty hunters. After seeing how illiterate and savage humans have become due to the aliens, Dr. Hood and Kelly plan to make an escape the next day after hearing rumors that the President has survived and has an army waiting to strike back. The escape plan goes off without a hitch, but Kelly is recaptured by one of the guards. Dr. Hood travels to find the president and meets other humans who believe the President has survived. Dr. Hood and his convoy reach a secret headquarters to discover remnants of the American government and the President, who is now a former shell of himself. Extremely ticked off, Dr. Hood decides to rally the escaped slaves himself and plan an attack on the bug camp that Kelly is still being held at. The attack begins successfully and Kelly  joins in. Things seem hopeless when the bugs bring in heavy artillery, but the President\'s group arrives and pulls off a sneak attack that blows up the bug\'s tanks. The other slaves join in and defeat the bugs. Dr. Hood and his rebels then went on a quest to continue killing the bugs and gather more followers from the camps. "In time he  became known as The Great Exterminator".'] ['Mitch MacAfee , while engaged in a radar test flight, spots an unidentified flying object. Jets are scrambled to pursue and identify the object but one goes missing. Officials are initially angry at MacAfee but are forced to take his story seriously after several other planes disappear. A gigantic bird, purported to come from an antimatter galaxy , is responsible for all the incidents. Mitch, along with his mathematician girlfriend Sally Caldwell , Dr. Karol Noymann  and Gen. Considine  and Gen. Van Buskirk , works feverishly to develop a way to defeat the seemingly invincible enemy. The climactic showdown takes place in New York City, with the bird attacking both the Empire State and United Nations buildings. It was defeated by a special type of isotope which was used to bring down its shield, allowing missiles to kill her as she crashed into the ocean outside New York City. The last scene shows the claw sinking to the bottom of the ocean.'] ["Nerdy Wisconsin teen Zach Raymond  gains fame in his area and at high school after allegedly videotaping a UFO with unprecedented quality. Soon, however, Col. Lewis Teagarden of the United States Army comes to investigate his claim, and he discovers that Zach faked the footage using a green screen and a homemade UFO model. Dejected and outed as a fraud, Zach gets a job at a local diner and there meets Cara , a goth girl who is also a huge comic book fan. She tells him he shouldn't have taken the UFO design straight from her favorite comic book. Though Zach has never seen this comic before, the ship looks just like the one he designed. Zach drives a co-worker home to her trailer in the woods outside of town. Meanwhile, a school bus of students is returning to town from a victorious away football game, and the students are filming their celebration. Zach, driving slowly on the country road, sees a blinding light coming from above and looks up to see a real UFO in the sky. Panicked, he floors the car and runs it into a tree. The UFO, moving on, lifts the school bus using its tractor beam and drops it back into the woods, completely empty. Additional UFOs begin to appear over the town, abducting townsfolk; all these UFOs resemble the one Zach faked up and the one Cara remembers from her favorite comic, created by M.K. Ultra . When Zach and Cara find Mr. Ultra, he admits that he used to work at the mental hospital before taking up cartooning, and the comic was based on the crazed ravings of a mental patient named Bob. They then discover that Bob , far from being insane, is an alien being reincarnated from 250 million years ago who has been waiting for the invaders to return so he can save the Earth. Zach and Cara discover they are likewise reincarnated aliens and are destined to save the planet from alien invasion."] ['Milly  is a soldier from 2084, where humanity is on the verge of extinction because of the "Daggra", an alien race. In mankind\'s final stronghold in Tibet Milly leaps into a newly-built time portal just before the fortress is overrun. The portal sends her to 2002, where her mission is to kill the first Daggra, who faked a crash landing, and stop him from signaling his invasion fleet. Milly lands in the aftermath of a shootout in Tokyo Bay, Japan, where a hitman named Miyamoto  holds the murderous Triad mobster Mizoguchi  at gunpoint. Her arrival allows the mobster to escape and Miyamoto takes Milly, who he thinks he accidentally shot, back to his place. She was saved by a plate of metal in her coat. She tapes a tiny bomb to his neck and threatens him into helping her on her mission. Miyamoto has a personal score to settle with Mizoguchi, who killed his childhood friend by kidnapping him and selling off his organs. That night, Miyamoto sees Milly cleaning up his trenchcoat on a coat hanger, so he tells her to go back to sleep. The next morning he discovers photos of himself and a newspaper article on his death. He shows these to his weapons supplier Shi , who tells him it\'s an elaborate trick the Triads wouldn\'t waste their time on. With Shi\'s help, they track down where the alien spaceship crashed, but it was taken away to the National Institute of Space Science. They try to get to the spaceship to kill the alien, but Mizoguchi arrives and tries to take the facility over. Milly is surprised at the alien, it is not what she expected. She hesitates to kill it as Mizoguchi advances on the lab. Using Miyamoto as its mouthpiece, the alien says it wants to go home. Milly realizes that she has been lied to. The humans and not the aliens, started the war which has been destroying the human race. They started it when they captured and killed the alien. She now knows they have to stop Mizoguchi as he wants the alien technology to take over the world. Following the destruction of the Space Science lab, Mizoguchi and his goons take the alien and its ship. Meanwhile, Miyamoto and Milly regroup for the next part of her mission. The duo again confronts Mizoguchi at an abandoned oil rig, where they rescue the alien. Surviving a huge explosion, a bloodied Mizoguchi threatens to kill them all for ruining his plans. However, his bullets hit an invisible force field. Miyamoto quickly grabs the gun and kills Mizoguchi. Before they can figure out where the force field came from a Daggra craft, disguised as a Boeing 747-400 airliner arrives, having received the alien\'s distress signal. The Daggra take their wounded comrade and leave Earth. As the future war has ceased to exist, Milly slowly disappears. Shortly after the incident, Miyamoto decides to give up his life of violence and hands in his guns to Shi. While walking home, he is confronted by a thug whose life he had spared earlier at Tokyo Bay. Realizing that he is weaponless, Miyamoto is helpless as the thug shoots him. The thug walks away, assuming that Miyamoto is dead. A little later, Miyamoto staggers up and finds his life was saved by a plate of metal similar to Milly\'s. The plate has a written message by Milly, telling him she has repaid him. Miyamoto recalls the night Milly messed around with his trenchcoat. While Miyamoto and Milly were asleep, a second, future Milly traveled from the future and slipped the metal plate into his trenchcoat before returning to her timeline. On her way out, she accidentally drops the newspaper article on Miyamoto\'s death.'] ['{{Plot}} On Planet 51, green people with snail-like feelers and pointed ears live peacefully in a society reminiscent of 1950s America, but with alien technology and with 1950s themed space-ships and alien homes. In the town of Glipforg, Lem  is a teenage boy with a new part-time job at the local planetarium and a long-time crush on his neighbor Neera . His best friend is Skiff , a big fan of the Humaniacs films. At a barbecue Neera\'s family is having, Lem tries to ask Neera on a date; but her hippie friend, Glar, keeps interrupting with his protest songs. Just then, a mysterious spacecraft goes into orbit around Planet 51 and sends out a signal. Down on Planet 51, under a secret Army base called "Base 9" , there is a basement filled with Earth artifacts including robotic satellites launched by the U.S. and the Soviet Union. The spacecraft\'s signal activates Rover, a wheeled A.I. probe. Rover escapes, following a program to locate the newly-arrived astronaut. The Planetary Army becomes suspicious after Rover\'s escape and begins to investigate. At a barbecue, the mysterious spacecraft touches down in the backyard; and NASA Astronaut Charles "Chuck" Baker  emerges. As Chuck plants the U.S. flag, he steps on a "rubber ducky" someone left on the ground. Everyone stares, and Chuck tries to get back into his module; but Eckle is in his way, eager for an autograph. Shocked when he realizes he is on an inhabited planet, Chuck runs about wildly and hides at the planetarium as the Army arrives on the scene. Planetary Army General Grawl  consults Professor Kipple  about the "alien invader." The Army quarantines the area and asks citizens start a local "civil defense" force to prevent the citizens from becoming "zombies." At the planetarium, Lem discovers Chuck\'s hiding-place, and both are surprised to discover they speak the same language. Realizing this alien is no threat, Lem decides to help Chuck, hiding him in his bedroom for the night. Rover finds Chuck, who is very happy to see it. As the General and his men search Lem\'s room, the group sneaks back into the planetarium with Chuck, who tells Lem he has "the right stuff". Chuck also shows Lem the star that Earth orbits and how the universe is much bigger than Lem had thought, which was that there were 1,000 stars in a universe 500 miles long. The next morning, the Army takes Chuck\'s module to a secret location. Lem and Skiff get an idea. The next night is the première of a new "Humaniacs" movie; and Lem, Skiff, and Chuck attend in costumes as fans. Chuck introduces some new music as part of the contest and teaches Lem to dance. Things go well until Rover arrives: chaos ensues. General Grawl arrives and points out Chuck\'s United States Flag insignia is a dead giveaway that he isn\'t a "local". Chuck is captured and unmasked. When Lem tries to keep him from being taken away, General Grawl labels Lem a zombie, and Professor Kipple announces he will dissect both their brains. To protect Lem, Chuck pretends to "release" him from his control. Lem is proclaimed a hero, and Chuck and Rover are locked into armored vehicles and taken away. At Base 9, General Grawl interrogates Chuck, and an accidental gunshot starts a complicated chain reaction with soldiers shooting at each other. General Grawl thinks Chuck is resisting his demands and allows Professor Kipple to have a go at dissecting Chuck\'s brain. Lem gets his job back at the planetarium and is permitted to speak about the incident on TV, but he cannot truly accept the honor. He feels terrible about Chuck and decides to do the right thing. While he\'s hot-wiring a car, Neera, Skiff, and Eckle join him to go off to rescue Chuck. The teens know luck is on their side when Rover shows up on the edge of town—he unscrewed the bolts holding together the armored vehicle in which he was imprisoned. Rover sniffs out Chuck\'s trail and leads them to an abandoned gas station in the desert. They look around, and Skiff sees a Coca-Cola bottle in an old refrigerator. When he tries to take it, it opens up the entrance to Base 9. Lem has Glar distract the soldiers guarding the base with his protest group while the rest of them sneak into the base. They find Chuck strapped to a laboratory table, and Professor Kipple is cheerfully getting ready to remove his brain. Lem and his friends break in through the ceiling while Rover scares away the scientists, technicians, and guards. They release Chuck but set off alarms. Rover helps the group find Chuck\'s spacecraft, which was in a hangar; but General Grawl warns that, if the "alien" tries to leave, the hangar will blow up. The "alien" does try to leave; and, in the resulting firestorm, the General is knocked unconscious, and most of the soldiers flee. The teenagers and Rover get into the module, but Chuck rescues the General from the fire. Chuck pilots the ship into orbit around the planet, allowing the teens to experience outer space. Skiff and Eckle enjoy the weightlessness; General Grawl realizes Chuck hasn\'t turned him into a zombie; and Lem asks Neera out on a date. Chuck pilots the module back to the planet\'s surface; and, although the soldiers are ready to shoot anyone who appears, the General stops them. Finally, the inhabitants of Planet 51 see that Chuck came to their planet for peaceful purposes. Chuck lets Rover stay with Skiff and says his farewells to Planet 51. Chuck then leaves Planet 51 peacefully, accompanied by the pet dog that is owned by a female alien seen throughout the film (Xenomorph [[Alien , which had sneaked aboard his ship. After the credits, Professor Kipple emerges from a manhole cover and faces two former patients who drag him off, telling him that he will "love" brain surgery.'] ["Sam Phillips  and his child Tony  are playing outside their farm. The father is abducted by a strong light. Three years later, the light returns, and plants a seed. A half-human half-alien creature grows up, and when it moves it is run over by a car. Ben  is attacked and killed when he looks for the runaway man. Jane  is also killed. The creature  moves to a cottage nearby and attacks a woman , leaving her pregnant. When she returns to consciousness, she gives birth to a full-formed Sam and dies. Sam steals Ben's clothes and drives his car, without bothering to get rid of Jane's corpse, which will be found by a lorry-driver  Sam seeks Tony, who lives in a condominium building in London, with his mother , her new boyfriend Joe Daniels , and a French au-pair Analise Mercier . Rachel and Joe are professional photographers and share a studio downtown. Many nights, Tony has got nightmares. He wakes up soaked in blood, but it's not his, as the family doctor  discovers. Sam picks Tony up from school, until Rachel finds them. Although Joe doesn't like it -he intends to marry Rachel- Sam goes to live with them, saying he can't remember anything. Tony sees him eating his pet snake's eggs and runs from him. Sam goes after him, talking to him smoothly, and drinks his blood. Rachel finds Jane's photo in Sam's clothes, but he can't remember her either. Tony discovers he has certain powers now, so he sends a human-size soldier toy  to kill their nasty neighbour Mrs Goodman , in revenge for killing his pet snake. Also, a teddy-clown becomes a human-like clown  Sam and Rachel both decide to visit their former residence, the farm, while leaving Tony at Analise's regard. However, she brings Esteban, her boyfriend, and they make love. Tony demands to play hide-and-see with her. She does so, only to be used as a kind of womb for the alien eggs by Tony and the clown. Tony sends a toy to kill Esteban. He discovers Analise and runs away, but a puma kills him. The building-keeper is also killed when Rachel asks him to watch Tony, as nobody answers the phone at home. Sam and Rachel make love in the abandoned farm , but she gets afraid because his skin starts to bleed and decompose. Joe has taken Tony there. Sam and Tony go up a hill towards the alien light. Sam has become a disgusting skeleton, but shouts and kills Joe. Tony's skin is also decomposing, but not so much. Rachel goes back to the flat on her own, only to be attacked by the clown and panther."] ['An alien spaceship crashes near Searchlight, Nevada, outside Las Vegas. Project Moon Dust, a secret Defense Department unit led by Henry Burke  and one of his young unnamed task forces, arrives in black helicopters. Men in Black seize the ship and search for its passengers. Jack Bruno  is a former mob get-away driver who drives a cab to avoid returning to jail. One of his passengers is Dr. Alex Friedman , a failed scientist who is in Las Vegas to speak at a UFO convention at the Planet Hollywood hotel. After resisting two thugs who seek his services for a mob boss, Bruno finds two teenagers, Sara  and Seth , in his cab. They offer $15,000 to drive to a certain destination. Burke\'s men follow the cab; Bruno believes that the government agents are more mob thugs, and evades them with his driving skills. Seth\'s ability to vary his molecular density helps the group to escape. When they arrive at an abandoned house, Bruno follows them out of concern and curiosity. The teenagers retrieve the device they were looking for within a hidden underground laboratory, but the three are attacked by a "Siphon" , a powerful armored alien assassin. During the attack Seth is knocked unconscious by a strong blast. They escape into the cab and Jack demands to know what is going on. The Siphon pursues the group until its spaceship crashes into a train and the creature is wounded. The three again escape Burke\'s agents, in part due to Sara\'s unusually strong telepathy and telekinetics. Bruno brings Seth and Sara to Dr. Friedman at the UFO convention, who realizes that the teenagers are what she has been searching for and joins the group. There, the teenagers explain to Bruno and Friedman that they are from a dying planet 3,000 light years from Earth. Its government intends to invade Earth, despite the idea being unpopular among the majority of their race, so that their kind may survive. Seth and Sara\'s parents are scientists who sought a way to save their planet without invasion but were arrested before completing their experiment. The teenagers came to retrieve the successful results, but the alien government sent the assassin to stop them. To save both worlds, they must retrieve their spaceship and return home. Fellow UFOlogist and conspiracy theorist Dr. Donald Harlan  tells them that the spaceship was taken to the secret California government base Witch Mountain. The group arrives at the base but are captured; Burke orders that the teenagers be prepared for vivisection, but feels that no one will believe the adults. The Siphon attacks Witch Mountain and battles the soldiers, allowing Bruno and Friedman to infiltrate the base and free Seth and Sara. They launch the ship, escape through the mountain\'s tunnels, and finally kill the assassin who has stowed away on the spaceship. The teenagers give Bruno and Friedman a tracking device that will allow the aliens to always find them, tearfully wish them farewell, and return to their planet. Bruno and Friedman become successful authors of Race to Witch Mountain: A True Story. They promote their book and knowledge on the UFO convention circuit, explaining that the publicity protects them from government reprisal. As they leave a convention the alien device activates, implying that the teenagers may be returning to Earth.'] ["Scientist Russell Marvin and his new bride Carol are driving to work when a flying saucer appears overhead then zooms away. Without proof of the encounter other than a tape recording of the ship's sound, Dr. Marvin is hesitant to notify his bosses. He is in charge of Project Skyhook, an American space program that has already launched 10 research satellites into orbit. General Hanley, Carol's father, returns from an investigation and informs Marvin that many of the satellites have crashed. Marvin admits that he has lost contact with all of them and privately suspects alien involvement. The Marvins themselves witness the eleventh falling from the sky. When a saucer lands at the lab the next day soldiers immediately begin firing upon it, killing one alien who has left the ship, but the others and the ship itself are protected by the saucer's force field. The aliens then destroy the base, killing everyone but the Marvins, who are trapped underground. The general is kidnapped and taken away in the saucer. Russell records a broadcast from the aliens and plays it on a tape recorder, which just happened to be running low on its batteries. The message is slowed down enough that ther aliens' message can be understood: they wanted to meet with Dr. Marvin. Once rescued from the sub-basement, Marvin plays the message for his superiors, but they have to wait for authorization. Impatient, Marvin contacts the aliens and steals away to meet them, but Carol and Major Huglin follow him. They and a motorcycle cop are taken aboard a spaceship resting on Malibu Beach. They discover that the aliens have extracted knowledge from Gen. Hanley's brain, and now have him under their control, although they reassure Carol that they can restore him. They also claim to be the last of their species and that they shot down the satellites because they thought they were weapons. As proof of their power, the aliens give Marvin the coordinates of where they sank a destroyer that had fired on them. the humans are released with the message that the aliens want to meet the world's leaders in 56 days in Washington, D.C. to negotiate an occupation. The flying saucers are invulnerable to conventional weapons, but from his observations Marvin develops an ultra-sonic weapon, which is later upgraded to an effective anti-magnetic weapon. He feverishly starts building a prototype, and just as he finishes, a saucer arrives. Marvin tests his weapon and the saucer is disabled enough to send it wobbling away. As they leave, the aliens jettison Gen. Hanley and another captive, who fall to their deaths. Groups of alien ships then show up in the skies over Washington, Paris, London, and Moscow, and begin destroying everything. But there are enough of Dr. Marvins' new truck-mounted weapons deployed in Washington, D.C. to slowly shoot them down. One saucer clips and topples the Washington Monument, while another crashes into the Capitol Building and a third into Union Station. The defenders also discover that the aliens are vulnerable to small arms fire once they leave the immediate force fields of their saucers."] [':"At the end of their lives, all men look back and think that their youth was arcadia." — Goethe During the early 20th Century, some time after World War I, aerial explorer Captain Phantom F. Harlock is embarking on what is to be the magnum opus of his long career, the traversing of the Owen Stanley Mountains in New Guinea. His major obstacle is the phantom of the witch that haunts these mountains. In a last desperate attempt to cross the mountains, Harlock ditches all but ten minutes of fuel in order to gain altitude. He carries on to his fate, amidst the mocking laughter of the Owen Stanley Witch. Near the end of World War II, Phantom F. Harlock II is an Iron Cross-wearing German fighter pilot that flies a Messerschmitt Bf 109. During a major defeat for his side, he meets Toshiro  Oyama, a Japanese exchange technician working in Germany. Tochiro\'s project is to design a new gun sight for use in fighter planes. Harlock\'s most treasured possession is the Revi C-12D which he calls his "eye". Both men believe the war to be wasteful and pointless and Tochiro especially hopes that the rockets being developed by Germany may one day lead to a more positive application, such as a trip to the moon. Tochiro wishes he could escape from the war and possibly go to neutral Switzerland where he might be able to fulfill his dream. Harlock offers to take him in his plane. Stowing Tochiro in the plane\'s fuselage, Harlock is able to fly to Switzerland, but only after surviving a fierce aerial dogfight with disables his plane and forces him to crash land just short of the Swiss border. Carrying an injured Tochiro across the river to sanctuary, Harlock departs, giving Tochiro his Revi C-12D, before crossing back into the warzone where Harlock expects to face the consequences of his actions. Although this Harlock\'s ultimate fate is unknown, Tochiro pledges friendship between their two bloodlines for all eternity. At some time in the late 30th century , a Solar Federation officer named Captain Harlock returns home in his battle cruiser Deathshadow to find that aliens from the Illumidus Empire have conquered Earth and enslaved humanity. However the remaining humans blame him and other warriors like him as they were not there to protect the planet when they needed it. Harlock, along with the Tokargans who are ashamed of their role in Earth\'s downfall set out to lead a resistance against the aliens and adopts the fighting strategy of ancient marauders. During the course of the struggle, Harlock meets a former Solar Federation engineer; a Japanese man who he\'s never met before but feels he knows. This man, Tochiro Oyama reveals his secret project, the dreams of all his ancestors. Hidden in a deep cavern under the occupation headquarters is a space battleship that he designed and built. This ship is called Arcadia, in honor of the eternal friendship forged between Phantom F. Harlock and Tochiro Oyama during another war. Harlock also meets Emeraldas, an old friend, who immediately offers herself to the cause. The Tokargans, after witnessing the death of the last female of their race, sacrifice themselves to save the Arcadia from the life sucking flames of the Flame Stream Prominence . Harlock\'s lover and voice of the Underground, Maya is killed by Illumidas gunfire. Honorably defeating the occupational commander in ship to ship combat, the quisling ruler of Earth, Triter, nonetheless declares Harlock and Emeraldas outlaws and exiles them to space. Amidst an Earth that prefers servitude to their new masters over the hard but noble fight for freedom, Harlock, Emeraldas, Tochiro, and their new pirate crew of idealists and romantics set for the stars, heading out for parts unknown.'] ['A television announcer reports sightings of a red fireball around the world. Facetiously, he calculates its path will lead it to California. Nancy Archer , a wealthy but highly troubled woman, is speeding along in her car one night when a glowing white ball settles on the deserted highway in front of her, causing her to veer off the road. When she gets out to investigate, a giant alien exits the object and reaches for her. Terrified, she escapes and runs back to town, but nobody believes her story due her known drinking problem and recent stay in a sanitarium. Her philandering husband, Harry ([[William Hudson , is more interested in his latest girlfriend, Honey Parker , but he pretends to be the good husband in hopes that Nancy will "snap" and return to the "booby hatch", leaving him in control of her $50 million. Nancy makes him search the desert with her for the "flying satellite". Eventually, they find it. When the alien emerges, Harry fires his pistol at it, but when it has no effect, flees, leaving Nancy behind. Nancy is later found on the roof of her pool house, but she is delirious and must be sedated by her family physician, Dr. Cushing. Harry, egged on by Honey, attempts to give Nancy a lethal injection of her medicine, but when he sneaks up to her room, he finds that she has grown into a giant. Cushing and Dr. Von Loeb, a specialist he has called in, are at a loss how to treat their patient; they keep her in a coma with morphine and restrain her with chains while waiting for the authorities. The sheriff and Jess , Nancy\'s faithful butler, track enormous footprints leading away from the estate to the open alien sphere. Inside, they find Nancy\'s diamond  and others, each in a clear orb. They speculate that the jewels are being used as fuel. The giant appears and attacks them, wrecking their car before flying away in the sphere. Meanwhile, Nancy awakens and breaks free of her restraints. Determined to avenge herself on her unfaithful husband, she stomps off to town. When she rips the roof off the bar to get at Harry, she spots Honey. She drops a ceiling beam on her rival, killing her. Harry panics and begins shooting, but she picks him up and walks away. Gunshots have no apparent effect on her. The sheriff fires a riot gun, which causes a nearby power line transformer to blow up, killing her. The doctors find Harry lying dead in her hand.'] ["The films starts with Astrophysicist Ryoichi Shiraishi, his fiancee Hiroko, his sister Etsuko, and his friend Joji Atsumi witnessing a festival at a local village near Fuji. Shiraishi then tells Atsumi that he has broken off his engagement with Hiroko but gives no reason other than undisclosed obligation to remain in the village. A mysterious forest fire is then seen near them. Shiraishi rushes out to investigate and disappears during the confusion. The next day, Atsumi is at the local observatory, where he meets the head astronomer, Tanjiro Adachi. He hands the doctor a report written by Shiraishi. The report concerns a newly-discovered asteroid that Shiraishi theorized was once a planet between Mars and Jupiter. He has named it Mysteroid. However, Adachi does not believe in his radical theory and also points out that the report is not complete. Meanwhile, the village in which Shiraishi was staying is completely wiped out by a massive earthquake. While investigating the area, Atsumi and a group of police officers stumble upon a giant robot, Mogera. The robot then advances on a town near Koyama Bridge that night, and is meant by heavy resistance from Japan's self defense force. However, the conventional artillery has no effect on the war machine, and the creature continues its rampage until it tries to cross the Koyama Bridge, which is detonated sending the machine crashing down to the ground below destroying it. At the Diet Building, Atsumi briefs officials on what has been learned about the robot. The remains of the giant machine reveal that it was manufactured out of an unknown chemical compound. Shortly afterwards, astronomers witness activity in outer space around the moon. They alert the world of this discovery, and not long after the aliens emerge, their gigantic dome breaking through the Earth's crust near Mount Fuji. A group of scientists are politely ushered into the dome, where the Mysterians, a scientifically advanced alien race, list their wants from the people of Earth: a two mile radius strip of land and the right to marry women on Earth. The reason for this is that 100,000 years ago their planet Mysteriod, the once fifth planet from the sun, was destroyed by a nuclear war. Fortunately, some Mysterians were able to escape to Mars before their planet was rendered uninhabitable. However, due to the nuclear war, Stronium-90 has left 80 percent of the aliens population deformed and crippled. The proposed interbreeding with women on Earth would produce healthier offspring and keep their race alive. The latter part of their demands is downplayed as they admit to already taking three women captive and reveal two others that they are interested in, one of which is Etsuko. Japan quickly disregards this request and begins the mobilization of its armed forces around Mount Fuji. It's also discovered that the missing Shiraishi has sided with the advance race due to their technological achievements. Japan wastes no time, though, and quickly launches a full scale attack against the Mysterians' dome. However, the modern weaponry is no match for their technology, and Japan's forces are easily fought back. Distraught by this set back, Japan sends their plea to other nations that they might join together to remove the threat of the Mysterians from Earth. The nations around the world answer the plea, and in no time issue another raid against the Mysterians' dome, this time utilizing the newly developed Alpha and Beta class airships. Sadly, the attack is meant with failure as well. The Mysterians then increase their demand, asking for 75 mile radius of land, as the Earth continues to develop a new method of attack. Earth's efforts in this matter pay off as the Markalite FAHP , a gigantic lens that can reflect the Mysterians’ weaponry, is designed. Meanwhile, the Mysterians kidnap Etsuko and Hiroko, causing Atsumi to search for, and locate, a back entrance to the Mysterians' dome. In the mean time, the Markalite FAHP's are deployed by large Markalite GYRO rockets and the final battle against the Mysterians' base of operations commences. As Atsumi, later joined by Shirashi who sacrifices himself in a final attack on the Mysterians after learning of their true ambitions, attacks the base from the inside, the Markalite FAHP's assault the base from above ground. Together, the structure is finally destroyed, the kidnapped women are rescued, and the Mysterians expelled from Earth forever."] ["Six children are identified by a team of UNESCO researchers investigating child development. The children have extraordinary powers of intellect and are all able to complete a difficult brick puzzle in exactly the same amount of time. British psychologist Tom Lewellin  and geneticist David Neville  are interested in Paul, a London boy whose mother Diana  clearly hates the child and insists she was never touched by a man. This is initially dismissed as hysteria and it is implied she has 'loose' morals. But after a while the two men realize that all six children were born without a father and are also capable of telepathy. The children, from various countries — China, India, Nigeria, the Soviet Union, the USA and the UK, are brought to London for a collective study into their advanced intelligence. However the children escape from their embassies and gather at an abandoned church in Southwark, London. They intermittently take mental control of Paul's aunt  to help them survive in the derelict church. Meanwhile, the military debates whether or not to destroy them. The children have demonstrated the capacity for telekinesis and construct a machine which uses sonic waves as a defensive weapon, which kills several government officials and soldiers. But the military realizes that they only fight back when attacked. After world leaders ask the group to return to their respective embassies, the children murder the governments' representatives and return to the church. Lewellin urges the government to give the children leeway. However his team of scientists observe the difference between an ordinary human blood cell and the cells of one of the children, thereby implying the children to be non-human, and believed to be destined to become a threat to the human race. When authorities try to take control of the children, they are forced to protect themselves. As the situation escalates into a final showdown between the military and the children, one of the scientists postulates that the judgment of the children being alien was incorrect, and that the children's cells are in fact human, advanced by a million years. Meanwhile, the children also imply that they have arrived at the decision that their presence is incompatible, and therefore intend to lower their defenses and sacrifice themselves. The military commander recognizes that a mistake has been made, and aborts the attack command. However, the command is triggered accidentally, the church is destroyed and the children are killed."] ['The British Rocket Group, headed by Professor Bernard Quatermass, launches its first rocket into space. Shortly after its launch, all contact with the rocket and the three occupants – Carroon, Reichenheim and Green – is lost. The rocket returns to Earth, crashing in an English field. Quatermass and his assistant Briscoe arrive at the scene, along with the emergency services. Opening the rocket\'s hatch, they find only Carroon; there is no sign of the other two crewmembers. Carroon appears to be in shock, only able to mouth the words "Help me". He is taken to hospital while Quatermass and Briscoe investigate what happened to the rocket and its crew. It becomes evident that Carroon has been changed by something he encountered while in space. He can absorb any living thing he comes in contact with. When he absorbs a cactus in his hospital room, his right arm begins mutating. Not knowing this, Carroon\'s wife, Judith, hires a private investigator to break her husband out of the hospital. The escape is successful but Carroon kills and absorbs the private investigator in the process. It does not take long for Judith to discover what her husband has become and Carroon soon flees from his horrified wife. Inspector Lomax of Scotland Yard, initiates a manhunt to find the missing astronaut. Hiding out at the London docks, Carroon encounters a little girl but through sheer willpower leaves her unharmed. Instead, he heads for a zoo where he absorbs many of the animals. By now, Carroon has become completely mutated. Quatermass and Briscoe track the creature to Westminster Abbey. From his examination of tissue samples taken from Carroon, Quatermass concludes that an alien creature has taken over Carroon and will eventually release spores, endangering the entire planet. With the assistance of a television crew working at the Abbey, Quatermass succeeds in killing the creature by electrocution. As he leaves the Abbey, Quatermass ignores all those who pass him and ask what\'s happened, save for his assistant Marsh who than asks him what to do next. Quatermass replies that he\'ll start all over again. He leaves Marsh and walks away into the London night.'] ['In 2009 a race of aliens piloting giant robots have conquered Earth and forced humanity to live underground. They have done this by altering the environment, causing constant rainfall and darkness. 300 years later, after many generations of living underground, a small group of human rebels plan to finally take back their world from the mechanical invaders. They soon learn however that the aliens do not pilot the robots, but are the robots. A patrol, led by Blackthorn , is sent out to capture one of the robots, a Z-bot, so its operating ability can be studied. The patrol is suddenly ambushed by several robots, with some being able to reconfigure themselves, revealing different weapon systems. These units, the \'transmorphers\', ambush humans by appearing as mundane features of the terrain, even fooling detection systems. The robots use "brain scans" to read the minds of humans to know their battle plans. After Blackthorn\'s patrol is destroyed by the machines the leader of the human resistance group, General Van Ryberg , argues with fellow officers of the Military and Science Guilds about how to fight the war. Van Ryberg decides to reinstate a disgraced soldier named Warren Mitchell , who was court-martialed along with his right-hand man, Itchy , and cryogenically frozen for insubordination. They had killed their unit officer five years earlier. Mitchell is glad to be reinstated, but learns that his former lover, Karina Nadir , a fighter pilot, is now married to General Van Ryberg. Mitchell assembles a small military patrol while Xandria Lux  is sent out to capture a Z-bot, intact, so its fuel cells can be studied. They hope to shut the machines down by contaminating the fuel cell and placing it in a large radio tower which supposedly controls the machines. Mitchell and his group ambush and destroy a group of patrol machines, and succeed in capturing one. During the battle, Karina and another female soldier named Blair  become stuck behind enemy lines right near the radio tower. Bringing the Z-bot back to their underground city, Mitchell realizes that the fuel cell has an implanted tracking device that leads the machines to the humans underground city. Van Ryberg takes over as the field commander in a last-ditch effort to defeat the robots, and to rescue her wife. Mitchell then surprisingly learns from resident scientist Dr. Voloslov Alextzavich , that he himself is an android constructed by Dr. Alextzavich, with human feelings and understandings. Mitchell realizes that he must get the Z-bot\'s fuel cell to the radio tower and implant it in the control computer in order to shut the robots down. Supported by an aerial strike force led by Lux, Mitchell\'s team make it to the radio tower where they are able to rescue Karina and Blair. The group breaks into the building, but the anti-human counter-measures make all of them sick and they cannot make it to the main control room. The situation becomes more complicated when the tower reveals itself to be a giant robot. Meanwhile, General Van Ryberg and her own soldiers reach one of the terraforming stations and attempt to take it offline and hold off a massive army of robots attacking the underground city. Lux then arrives with her fighter squadron to bomb the attacking robots. Back at the radio station, Mitchell, using his android abilities, sacrifices himself and takes the tower out, buying enough time for the rest of his team to escape. Once the tower is destroyed the robots all over the world shut down. With the battle won, Karina and Van Ryberg are reunited and the surviving humans see the sun shine through the clouds for the first time in centuries.'] ['A small ship travels to a rotating space station. Aboard the station, a group of starfish-like beings discuss how to warn humans of an impending disaster, deciding on contacting Japanese scientist Dr. Kumara. Meanwhile, flying saucers are spotted over the skies of Tokyo, baffling scientists. A journalist tries to get a statement from Dr. Kumara about the sightings, but Kumara replies that there is not enough evidence to formulate a hypothesis. At an observatory, Professor Isobe spots an object in his telescope apparently releasing smaller objects. Isobe discusses his findings with Kumara and a physician, Dr. Matsuda, who takes photographs of the object, though they turn out to be unclear. But they can still deduce the object has a high energy output. Meanwhile, the extraterrestrials have been unsuccessfully attempting to contact humans. They appear in lakes and rivers, frightening fishermen and sailors. One of the aliens manages to get a photo of Hikari Aozora, a famous Japanese entertainer. They plan to have one of the aliens mutate to look like Aozora. Back aboard the space station, one of the Pairan leaders, Ginko, volunteers to slowly mutate into the human form.  On Earth, Toru, Isobe\'s son, discovers the disguised alien floating in the water. After her rescue, she exhibits superhuman characteristics such as jumping ten feet and materializing in different places. Soon, she disrupts Dr. Matsuda\'s work on a nuclear device, explaining she understands the complex equations he was writing and warning against the effects of a device. Shortly afterwards, as the team of scientists discuss her abnormal traits, Ginko reveals her true identity, explaining she is from Paira, a world on the same orbit as Earth but on the opposite side of the Sun. She then announces her mission, to warn Earth of an imminent collision of a rogue planet, which is dubbed "Planet R" by the media. They appeal to the World Congress about the situation, but are ejected. Only after they prove evidence of Planet R and its rapid acceleration does the World Congress launch its nuclear weapons, which are ineffective. In the meantime, spies have abducted Matsuda and are attempting to steal his formula to the nuclear device. Matsuda does not comply and is eventually left tied to a chair in a remote building. As the Earth\'s atmosphere heats up because of the approaching Planet R, Ginko again arrives to learn why it hasn\'t been destroyed yet. Using Pairan technology they rescue Matsuda and the formula for the device. They watch as the device is fired at Planet R destroying it. Earth\'s atmosphere immediately begins to cool, saving humanity.'] ['Vampire aliens Dr. Kozmar , Dr. Zarma  and Cora  recruit two dim-witted mechanics  to abduct teenagers living in a college town and bring them to a rural hospital. There, the aliens drain them of their blood, which they need to stay young.Staff report . Evils of the Night is more silly than scary Atlanta Journal-Constitution Roger Hurlburt at the Fort Lauderdale Sun Sentinel wrote, "Simply stated, Evils of the Night is a deplorable motion picture."Hurlburt, Roger . \'Evils of the Night\' just bloody awful. Fort Lauderdale Sun Sentinel'] ['In 2002, five years after Men in Black, Agent J  is now the top operative for the MIB, the self-funded New York City-based agency that secretly monitors and regulates extraterrestrials\' activity on Earth. J is largely without a partner, after Agent L  decided to return to her former life working in a morgue. Since then, subsequent partners have not lived up to J\'s professional standards. While investigating a seemingly routine crime at a SoHo pizzeria, J uncovers a diabolical plot by Serleena, a shapeshifting Kylothian Queen who has arrived to Earth after destroying several planets and disguises hisself as a lingerie model , but resembles a plant-like hydra in her own form. The neuralyzed Agent K  has assumed civilian life as Kevin Brown, postmaster of Truro in Massachusetts, and to stop her, J must convince Kevin to rejoin MIB, because he is the only operative still alive who knows how to find what Serleena wants, the "Light of Zartha". It also turned out that the planets that Serleena destroyed were the previous places she looked for the Light. While J tries to deneuralyze Kevin, Serleena breaks into MIB resulting in a lock down; J and Kevin escape after being flushed from the building. J then takes Kevin to Jack Jeebs , who built an unofficial deneuralyzer. Although K eventually regains some of his memory, he still has no recollection of the "Light of Zartha"  but left himself a series of clues in case he needed to remember. The clues eventually lead to a videostore where they watch a tape that jars K\'s memory: 25 years ago, the Zarthan Queen Laurana arrived on Earth to try to hide the Light of Zartha, but the MIB refused to help due to their neutrality. Serleena arrived to steal the Light, but K activated the Zarthan ship and sent it away. Serleena, believing the Light is on board the ship, chased the ship, but not before fatally shooting Laurana. K then reveals that the ship was a decoy, and that the Light is still hidden on Earth. Meanwhile, Serleena frees all of the MIB\'s high-security prisoners and uses them as henchmen. Believing that the Light is in the bracelet worn by Laura Vasquez , a waitress at the pizzeria, Serleena kidnaps Laura and prepares to send her back to her homeworld. K and J, with the help of the "worm guys", assault MIB headquarters, defeat Serleena\'s henchmen, and rescue Laura. However, K warns them that if the Light is not taken off Earth and returned to Zartha, it will explode and destroy the planet. As they make their way to the departure point by flying in J\'s car that can turn into a ship, Serleena gives chase but is eaten by Jeff, a giant alien worm living in the New York subway system. When they reach the departure point, K reveals that Laura is Laurana\'s daughter and the actual Light of Zartha . To save Earth and Zartha, Laura reluctantly leaves Earth, much to J\'s dismay, as he had developed feelings for her. Serleena returns to try to capture Laura again, having apparently assimilated Jeff into herself before killing him. Fortunately, K and J manage to destroy her for good, allowing Laura to escape to her homeworld. To cover up the chaos caused by Serleena\'s rampage, K activates a giant neuralyzer hidden in the Statue of Liberty\'s torch. Now that Laura is gone, K and Agent Zed , the head of MIB, try to console J for his loss, but he answers that he needs no consolation and had accepted her departure without much sorrow. To provide a measure of comfort, K puts the aliens that were found in a Grand Central Terminal locker  into J\'s locker. After J suggests showing those aliens that their world is bigger than a locker, K shows him and Frank  that they themselves are a species kept in a locker in an alien station, in contrast to their rookie worldview.'] ['The film begins with clips from War of the Worlds and the voice of George Herbert, who explains that despite years of searching for extraterrestrial life, mankind could never have predicted the invasion. He tells us that the aliens fed on human blood which infected them, wiping the invaders out. He then states "for some, the nightmare had only just begun". Two years later, a town is seen, populated with silent refugees. Among them is Shackleford and Sissy. Suddenly, three Tripods land in the city. People are struck by a Heat-Ray, disintegrating them. Shackleford and Sissy run to their hideout. Shackleford grabs a syringe and takes a sample of Sissy\'s blood. He then injects it into himself. George Herbert and his son Alex are living in their house, left undamaged by the first invasion. One morning, George recognises a familiar disturbance on the radio, the same heard during the first invasion. He takes Alex to the basement and promises he will be back when he is finished with his work. He goes to a United States air base, where he reveals to Major Kramer and scientists there that his studies suggests the aliens are creating a space time hole between Earth and Mars. A fleet of F-22 fighter jets, with the deep-space flight capabilities, fly through this time hole and raid the planet Mars. George goes to get his son back to the base, only to find a Tripod standing outside his home. Alex is then hit by a smaller weapon from the tripod. Remembering humans were kidnapped by the first wave of machines, he realizes the weapon is a teleporter. He escapes to an abandoned city and wakes up the next morning to find a man named Pete running from a Tripod. George throws himself before the machine offering himself and hoping to find his son once he\'s teleported. He wakes up inside the machine with Pete and they both escape with Sissy, who seems to know her way around the organic interior. Meanwhile, the Martians begin a second invasion, attacking recovering cities such as London and Paris. Major Kramer leads the fleet of jets to chase the alien mothership through the time hole and back to Mars. George, Pete and Sissy find themselves in the town from the start of the film. Shackleford reveals that the town is a fake, created by the Tripods as a place for human prisoners to live on Mars. Shackleford wants to destroy the aliens in the same way bacteria did them in during the first invasion. Shackleford and Sissy are dying from a virus which is lethal to the Tripods. Before he dies he convinces George to inject his infected blood into himself. George and Pete are kidnapped again and wind up inside the mothership, where they find Alex in a cocoon. George injects his infected blood into a pod holding a brain which is telepathically connected to all of the Tripods. The virus quickly spreads through their minds and deactivates the alien machines, ending their second invasion. George, Pete and Alex find Kramer\'s jet and escape just as the mothership begins to explode. George somehow survives the infection, and the humans celebrate while listening to the radio, which undergoes some static interference, indicating a third invasion, and the characters spend a few moments in silence before the film ends.'] [" Optimus Prime, leader of the benevolent Autobots, narrates the collapse of the Transformers' home world, Cybertron. It was destroyed by war between the Autobots and the malevolent Decepticons, lead by Megatron in his quest to get hold of the AllSpark. The Autobots want to find the AllSpark so they can use it to rebuild Cybertron and end the war, while the Decepticons want to use it to defeat the Autobots and take over the universe. Megatron had managed to locate the AllSpark on Earth, but crash-landed in the Arctic Circle and froze in the ice. After stumbling upon his frozen body in 1897, explorer Captain Archibald Witwicky accidentally activated Megatron's navigational system and his eye glasses were imprinted with the coordinates of the AllSpark's location, an incident that left him blind and mentally unstable. Sector 7, a secret government organization created by President Herbert Hoover, discovered the AllSpark in the Colorado River and built the Hoover Dam around it to mask its energy emissions. The still-frozen Megatron was moved into this facility and was used to advance human technology through reverse engineering. In the present day, the Decepticon known as Blackout arrives in a U.S. military base in Qatar to find the location of Megatron and the AllSpark. He tries to hack into the files of the computer base, but is stopped by Captain William Lennox and his team. Back in the United States, Captain Witwicky's descendant Sam Witwicky buys his first car which turns out to be the Autobot scout Bumblebee, who tries to help him woo his crush Mikaela Banes. Later, Sam catches a glimpse of Bumblebee's true form when he signals the other Autobots. On Air Force One, another Decepticon named Frenzy infiltrates the plane and tries to hack into the network again, only this time is more successful until he is stopped by the US Security Defense before he can retrieve all of the file information. Frenzy is then picked up by his partner Barricade and they go after Sam after learning he has the glasses needed to find the AllSpark. Sam is rescued by Bumblebee and Mikaela also learns of the Transformers' existence. Bumblebee fights Barricade and manages to subdue him while Sam and Mikaela decapitate Frenzy, but he still survives. Meanwhile, Scorponok, who was sent by Blackout, goes after Captain Lennox and his team, murdering one of them and injuring another. During the battle, Scorponok is forced to retreat when he gets injured by sabot rounds dropped on him by the Air Force. Sam and Mikaela soon meet Optimus Prime and his other Autobot partners Jazz, Ironhide, and Ratchet. They explain their origins to the two humans and insist on the urgency to get to the Allspark first before the Decepticons, knowing that the Decepticons plan to use it to turn all of Earth's technologies into a new army of Transformers and render humanity extinct. The Autobots bring the two humans back to Sam's house to find the glasses, and they nearly reveal their existence to Sam's parents. However, Sector 7 agent Seymour Simmons and his team find Sam and take his family away to a classified location after learning Sam came into contact with the Autobots. However, Sam and Mikaela are rescued by Optimus and the Autobots, but Bumblebee ends up getting captured. The Autobots get the glasses and use them to find the AllSpark's location so they can destroy it so the Decepticons cannot get to it. Sam and Mikaela along with two hackers named Maggie and Glenn arrive at Hoover Dam, where Maggie and Glenn got arrested by the FBI for trying to decipher the information Frenzy stole. Frenzy finds the AllSpark and gets his body back, then contacts the other Decepticons, Starscream, Bonecrusher, Brawl, Barricade, and Blackout. Starscream attacks the dam and Frenzy frees Megatron from his frozen prison, where he joins his cohorts into chasing down Sam and the Autobots, where Bumblebee has shrunk the cube to a reasonable size. They then get to Downtown Los Angeles, where a large battle ensues. Working together, the Autobots and human soldiers kill Bonecrusher, Blackout and Brawl. However the war causes Bumblebee to get crippled, and Jazz is killed by Megatron. Optimus urges Sam to put the AllSpark in his chest, which will destroy them both, but Sam instead inserts the cube into Megatron's chest, which kills him and destroys the AllSpark. The dead Transformer bodies are dumped into the Laurentian Abyss in the Atlantic Ocean to be hidden, the government orders the closure of Sector 7, and the Witwicky family are released from custody. Sam and Mikaela soon start a new relationship, and Optimus says that the Autobots' fates have given them a new home, Earth, and sends a message calling out all surviving Autobots to join them. In a mid-credits scene, Starscream escapes into space."] ['The evil alien Ro-Man Extension XJ-2  has destroyed all human life on Earth, except for eight humans, using the "Calcinator Death Ray". The survivors include an elderly scientist, his wife, two daughters and son, his young assistant and two pilots taking a spacecraft to an orbiting space platform. All eight have developed an immunity to the death ray since receiving an experimental antibiotic serum developed by the scientist. Ro-Man must complete the destruction of all humans, even if it means physically killing them one by one, before his mission to subjugate the Earth is complete. After fruitless negotiations, he destroys the rocket ship headed for the orbiting platform with a laser. He later strangles the youngest daughter, Carla, off-screen and tosses the assistant scientist Roy over a cliff. His mission is waylaid, though, after he develops illogical attraction for Alice, the eldest daughter. He refuses to eliminate her, forcing the alien leader, "The Great Guidance", to personally finish the genocide by killing Ro-Man right after he kills Johnny, the young son. He then releases prehistoric dinosaurs and a massive earthquake, rendering the scientist, his wife and Alice as the only humans left. Ultimately the youngest family member, the son, wakes up after suffering a mild concussion, revealing that the film had presumably all been a dream. However, The Great Guidance is then seen coming out of a cave .'] ["Nyah, a sexy, commanding female alien dressed in black vinyl, is headed for London. She is part of the advanced team that is looking for men to replace the dying male population on their planet. However, because of damage to her spaceship caused by entering Earth's atmosphere, she is forced to land in the remote Scottish moors. and has a menacing robot. On Nyah's home world, the emancipation of women eventually led to open warfare between the sexes. The females won, usurping the political power of the men and leading to the complete sexual impotence of the male population. That was followed by a rapid decline in the birthrate. The aliens possess an organic, self-regenerating technology, which was used to construct Nyah's spacecraft. Against this technology, human weaponry proves ineffectual as demonstrated when Nyah comes away unscathed by shots from a gun. However, the alien technology is unreliable and Nyah's people have not been able to use it to artificially produce new offspring. Intermixed with the Nyah story, a pair of romantic sub-plots are followed. In the first, a fashion model, Miss Prestwick , fled to this remote hotel in order to escape a married American reporter, Michael Carter . Michael doggedly follows her to the hotel, hoping to rekindle their affair. Meanwhile, a convict, Robert Justin alias Albert Simpson  who accidentally killed his wife has managed to escape from a prison in Stirlingshire and has come to the Inn, hoping to connect with the barmaid, Doris  whom he truly loves."] ['What appears to be a large saucer shaped meteorite crashes into the Pacific Ocean near Mexico, following an unexplained break-in and assault by a deranged man at a secret U.S. research facility. The crashed \'meteorite\' soon reveals itself as an even greater menace than first believed, with grave implications for the survival of the human race. A gigantic "machine", Kronos attacks power plants in Mexico, draining them of their energy. In doing so, Kronos grows in size, becoming larger as it consumes more and more energy. Kronos is discovered to be an "accumulator" sent by an alien race that has exhausted its own natural resources. They have sent Kronos to drain the Earth\'s power and return it to their own dying planet. A scientist, under control of an unseen alien presence, suggests fighting Kronos by dropping an Atomic Bomb onto it, which is done. Kronos only absorbs the bomb\'s power and grows to titanic size. It threatens to drain the world\'s cities and starve the Earth of power, but scientists devise a plan to reverse Kronos\' polarity, which causes it to feed on itself. Kronos explodes and the Earth is saved.'] ['The spaceship AAB Gamma is dispatched from Japan to travel to Mars to investigate reports of UFOs in the area. When the Gamma nears the red planet, it comes across a mysterious UFO that sprays the Gamma with spores. The spores are taken back to Earth where one of them begins to develop. The spore grows into a giant lizard/bird-like monster dubbed Guilala. The creatuere begins a rampaging through Tokyo. It spits fireballs, feeds on nuclear fuel, turns into a giant energy ball when it wants to fly and destroys any airplanes and tanks in its path. The monster is finally defeated by jets laden bombs, which coat Guilala in a fictional substance known as "Guilalalium." The Guilalium causes the monster to shrink down to its original spore size. The government promptly launches the spore back into space, where it will circle the sun in an endless orbit.'] ["Two huge interplanetary ships on an expedition into deep uncharted space receive a distress signal emanating from Aura, an unexplored planet. Both ships, the Galliott and the Argos, attempt to land on the surface of the fog-encased world. While entering the planet's atmosphere, the crew of the Argos becomes possessed by an unknown force and try to violently kill each other. Only Captain Markary  has the will to resist, and is able to force all of the others aboard his ship out of their hypnotic, murderous state. After the Argos lands on the surface, the crew disembarks and explores the eerie landscape in search of the Galliott. Thick, pulsating mists, lit by ever-shifting eerie colors, saturate the terrain. When they finally arrive at the other ship, they find that the crewmembers have killed each other. Markary's younger brother, Toby, is among the dead. They proceed to bury as many of the corpses as they can, but several bodies are locked inside the ship's bridge. Markary departs to get tools for opening the sealed room, but the corpses disappear by the time he returns. Some of the Argos' crew are found dead. Tiona  sees their corpses walking in the ship, and becomes paralyzed with fear. Markary advises the survivors that they must escape from Aura. Unfortunately, the Argos incurred serious damage during the landing, and repairs will take time. During the waiting period that ensues, several more killings occur. In a private tape recording, Markary admits that he suspects none of them will survive. While exploring Aura, Wes  discovers the ruins of a spaceship a few miles from the Argos. Markary, Sanya  and Carter  investigate. Inside the ship, they discover large skeletal remains of the long dead crew and thus realize that they are not the first ones to have been drawn to the planet by the distress beacon. Markary and Sanya are temporarily trapped inside the ship, but manage to escape and return to the Argos. Carter inexplicably vanishes.  Two crew members of the Galliott, Kier  and Sallis , arrive at the Argos to steal the ship's Meteor Rejector device. Kier escapes with the machine, but Markary fights Sallis. Markary tears open Sallis' uniform, exposing his putrescent body. He learns that Sallis' corpse is being manipulated by an Auran, who reveals that the two ships were lured to the planet in order for the Aurans to escape from their dying world. With the crew of the Galliott under their complete control, they plan to use the ship to escape to the humans' home planet. Markary vows to stop them. Markary and his crew rush to the Galliott to retrieve the Meteor Rejector. They are successful, and manage to place explosives in the ship. During a struggle with the Aurans, Dr. Karan  and Tiona are killed. Markary and Sanya return to the Argos and manage to escape as the Galliott is destroyed. After takeoff, however, they reveal themselves to be possessed by Aurans. They ask Wes, the last survivor, to join them. Wes refuses and tries to sabotage the Meteor Rejector, but fatally electrocutes himself while doing so. Because the device has been broken beyond repair, Markary and Sanya decide to change course to a nearby planet: Earth."] ["A rocket-ship carrying astronaut John Corcoran  launches and orbits the Earth, marking the United States' first manned space launch. Shortly after taking off, the ship is struck by an unknown object, forcing Corcoran to abort the mission and land. However, the equipment cannot handle the fast descent back into the atmosphere and the ship crash lands in the woods, killing Corcoran. Dave Randall  and Donna Bixby , two technicians from a nearby space agency tracking station, locate the crashed ship and recover Corcoran's body. They are baffled, however, by what appears to be a giant tear in the side of the destroyed spacecraft and a mud-like substance covering some of the wreckage. Randall and Bixby are joined by lead scientist Dr. Alex Wyman , technician Steve Dunlap  and physician Julie Benson , who was also Corcoran's fiancee. Wyman observes that Corcoran's body exhibits no signs of rigor mortis, and that the blood pooling beside him is not livid as it should be. The team brings the corpse back to their lab to run tests and find further irregularities. Although the body lacks a heartbeat or pulse, it maintains the blood pressure of a living human being. After looking at his blood in a microscope, they find unusual, unidentifiable cells that seem resistant to destruction from human white blood cells. The team tries to call for further assistance, but find the radio is no longer working. Randall heads outside to check the power transformers, and is attacked by a large creature  hiding in the underbrush around the station. Randall fires a few shots at the creature with his pistol and escapes unscathed. Although he did not get a good look at the creature, he describes it to the rest of the team as similar in size to a bear. Later, the team finds the infirmary has been trashed and Corcoran's body is gone. They initially believe the creature has broken in and stole the corpse, but are shocked to instead find Corcoran has mysteriously regained consciousness. Upon checking his blood again, there is no trace of the mysterious cells from before, but after investigating Corcoran's body, they find the cells have changed into lizard-like fetuses and entered into his abdominal cavity. The creature later breaks into the lab again, this time beheading Dr. Wyman. Randall and Dunlap are initially suspicious that Corcoran was involved in the death, which he denies, but it appears he has some sort of telepathic connection with the creature. Despite Wyman's death, Corcoran does not believe the creature is evil, but rather simply misunderstood. He implores the others to give the creature a chance to explain its actions, and asks that they not condemn it as a monster simply because it is different. As the others plot to destroy the creature with improvised gas bombs and flares, Corcoran flees the station and finds the creature in a nearby cave. After consuming Wyman's brain, the creature is now able to speak with the scientist's old voice and has absorbed his knowledge. Corcoran asks whether Wyman's death was needed, but the creature insists it was a necessary sacrifice. The others arrive to destroy the creature, but hesitate because Corcoran will not step aside and let them throw their bombs. The creature insists it is not an evil monster, but an intelligent alien who has come to Earth to save the human race from its own self-destructive tendencies. It explains that Corcoran's body has been implanted with its embryos, which will allow the alien species to multiply and take over the human race, which the creature claims is the only way to truly save humanity. Upon realizing the creature is forcing the will of its species on the human race, Corcoran concludes the creature is evil after all and commits suicide so its embryos cannot come to fruition. The others then throw their explosives and kill the creature, which in its dying breaths warns that others from his species are waiting in space and will return one day to conquer humanity."] ['The film begins by following a tour group at a memorial museum dedicated to Nancy Archer. The patrons are shown a film with Dr. Loeb, who explains that the events surrounding Nancy Archer were true. Nancy was an heiress to her mother\'s fortune. Her father, Hamilton Cobb, hopes to use the money to gain control over the town they live in. Nancy sees her psychiatrist, Dr. Cushing, about her low self-esteem and bad marriage to Harry. Her husband frequently spends time with a mistress, Honey Parker, the town beautician. Despite her attempts to confront Harry, Nancy cannot express her anger in a healthy manner, allowing both her husband and father to take advantage of her. While driving one night out in the desert, she sees a UFO, which shines a bright light at her. Even though she knows she would be the town\'s laughing stock, she also knows what she saw was real. She finally convinces Harry to accompany her on another night time drive in the desert, but the UFO nowhere in sight. Suddenly, the ship descends from the sky. Getting out of the car for a closer look, Nancy is trapped by a bright light and disappears along with the UFO. Harry quietly returns to town and doesn\'t even report the kidnapping to the local authorities, Sheriff Denby and deputy Charlie. A dazed Nancy is later found atop of Honey\'s salon and is brought home. Her father is suspicious that Harry left her out in the desert while Harry denies any wrongdoing. Harry accuses Hamilton of neglecting his own wife after she was locked away at a sanitarium. As the two men argue, Nancy loses her temper, yelling that she can speak for herself and her mother. Suddenly, to everyone\'s surprise, she begins to grow, nearly bursting out of her clothes and smashing her head through the ceiling into the attic. The next morning Nancy is relocated to a large stable. There she is introduced to Dr. Loeb. He observed a hormonal surge that occurred during Nancy\'s growth. Scared, Nancy asks that he find a cure, while keeping it a secret. Unable to convince her to move to a "controlled, therapeutic environment," Dr. Loeb explains to Harry that Nancy\'s condition is unique and precarious. The strain of her heart to sustain her new size would make any stress too dangerous for her. This gives Harry an idea in order to get rid of her. As she grows Nancy becomes more self-confident and strong willed, empowered by her new strength over everyone else. Eventually, she invites Harry to dinner and discuss her physical, mental and emotional growth. She thinks it will make their marriage stronger and she has a number of other ideas. Harry, unhinged by Nancy\'s suggestions insults and angers her enough that she faints from the stress, crashing into the stable. Escaping to Honey\'s salon, he celebrates by offering her Nancy\'s diamond necklace. Nancy awakens and walks through the panicked town searching for Harry. Confronting Honey, she encourages her to look beyond her current situation and do more with her life. Capturing Harry, she flees into the desert with National Guard helicopters pursuing her. Stopped by some high voltage power lines and confronted by her father and the authorities, she asserts herself and announces her father\'s ambitions to buy out the town using her money. Due to a miscommunication from the sheriff , a sniper on the helicopter shoots Nancy. Taking a direct hit, she falls onto the power lines, but is rescued and taken away  by the UFO, proving her claims were real. The crowds disperse, with Honey making a business agreement with Hamilton. Dr. Cushing explains to the press that wherever Nancy is, she now has Harry all to herself. Inside the UFO, Harry is forced to undergo therapy with two other men under a tiny dome, watched over by Nancy and two other giantesses.'] ['The Stooges are down and out actors who are trying to sell ideas for their animated TV show The Three Stooges Scrapbook. Unfortunately, their producer does not like anything. He gives the boys ten days to come up with a gimmick or their show will be cancelled. Professor Danforth  is convinced that Martians will soon invade Earth. He persuades the boys to help him with his new military invention—a land, air and sea vehicle . In return, Danforth will create a new "electronic animation" machine for the Stooges to use in their TV show. The Martians, meanwhile send two alien spies named Ogg and Zogg to Earth to prepare for the invasion. When Moe accidentally sends a television transmission through the Martian\'s communication device, they are offended and call off the invasion, opting instead to destroy Earth. Meanwhile, the Stooges give the vehicle a test run. They mistakenly enter a nuclear test area, when their engine malfunctions. They land near a test rig where a test nuclear depth bomb is set up. The Stooges take the bomb, thinking it\'s a carburetor, and fasten it to the engine. Water, meant to detonate the bomb, shoots out of the testing rig. The military is bewildered by test\'s failure. With the bomb attached to the engine, the vehicle now performs beyond expectations, even going into space.  Later, the Martians steal the vehicle, mount a ray gun and begin destroying targets . The boys sneak onto the craft to stop them. The Stooges are able to use one of the Martians\' ray guns to separate the fuselage from the conning tower. The fuselage, holding Ogg and Zogg, crashes into the ocean, detonating the nuclear depth bomb. Clinging to the auto-rotating helicopter section, the Stooges survive, crashing through the roof of their television studio.'] ['A nameless unemployed drifter, referred to as "Nada" , finds construction work in Los Angeles and befriends fellow worker Frank Armitage , who leads him to a local shantytown soup kitchen. There Nada notices strange activity around the church; a blind preacher rouses others to awaken, a police helicopter scouts them overhead and a homeless drifter  complains when the TV signal is continually interrupted by a bearded man informing about those in power. Nada discovers the church is a front: the choir is actually an audio recording next to scientific apparatus, while cardboard boxes fill the room. Nada finds another box hidden in the wall but escapes when the preacher catches him. At night, police bulldoze the shantytown and attack its fleeing inhabitants. Nada returns in the morning to find the church empty, but procures the untouched hidden box. At an alleyway he opens it to find it contains black sunglasses and takes a pair. Nada discovers the sunglasses are special; looking through them he sees the reality of the bleak world. The media and advertising actually contain totalitarian commands of obedience and conformity in consumerism, to control an unwitting human population . Many with authority and wealth are actually humanoid aliens with grotesque skull-like faces. At a store Nada confronts an alien woman and she speaks into a wristwatch notifying others about him. Two alien police officers apprehend Nada but he kills them, taking their guns and going on a shooting spree against aliens in a bank, while one vanishes using its wristwatch. Nada escapes, destroying an alien flying camera and taking Cable 54 assistant director Holly Thompson  hostage. At her hill-top home, Nada tries convincing her of the truth while suffering a headache from the glasses. Instead, Holly knocks him through her window and calls the police. Nada tumbles down and escapes, leaving his belongings behind. Nada returns to the alleyway and saves the sunglasses box from a garbage truck. Frank meets him to hand him his wage, but wishes for no further involvement as Nada is now a wanted man. Nada is forced to fistfight Frank to make him wear the glasses. After he finally does, the two rent a hotel to discuss their predicament. Gilbert , a member of the shantytown, notifies them about a secret meeting with other activists. There, Nada and Frank are given updated contact lenses to replace their glasses. They learn from the bearded man\'s broadcast that the aliens control Earth as their third world, causing global warming as they deplete its resources before moving onto other planets. The aliens use a signal to camouflage themselves; destroying its source will allow everyone on Earth to see their true form. Frank is given an alien wristwatch, a complex radio and teleportation device. Holly appears, apparently joining the cause and apologizes to Nada. However the police attack the meeting, killing anyone in sight, while Nada and Frank are cornered fighting their way out. Frank accidentally opens a temporary portal by throwing the watch, through which the two jump into a network of underground passages. The two find the aliens in a grand hall celebrating with their elite human collaborators. The homeless drifter from earlier, now a well-dressed collaborator, believes the two to be collaborators as well. He takes them on a tour of the passages, revealed to link the alien society, including a space travel port. A further passage leads to the basement of Cable 54 station: the source of the signal. The collaborator escapes by teleporting as the two attack their way through the building to find the broadcaster on the roof, meeting Holly and taking her along. As Nada climbs to the signal broadcaster, disguised as a satellite dish, Holly kills Frank. Revealed to be a collaborator, she takes aim at Nada along with an alien police helicopter, persuading him to stop. Nada drops his gun, but then retrieves a hidden pistol from his sleeve and kills Holly. He then shoots and destroys the broadcaster before being killed by the aliens, giving them the finger as his last gesture. With the signal destroyed, humans discover the aliens in their midst.'] ['A colossal series of disasters releases something monstrous from a glacier. Strange disappearances in a small California town attract the attention of a thick-headed sheriff , his transparently uninterested scientist girlfriend  and a visiting government agent . They discover that a giant green monster is at large, the Creaturesaurus Erectus,  They turn to experienced monster fighter Colonel Patrick Hendry , who has been locked in a government asylum for decades. With the help of other monster experts, lots of stock footage and incredibly bad special effects, humanity fights back against the "Thing from Another Time Zone".'] ['An alien spacecraft comes to Earth, while searching the galaxy for a planet suitable to raise "gargons," a lobster-like  creature which is a delicacy on their homeworld. Thor , the lead alien, shows his contempt for Earth\'s creatures by vaporizing a dog named Sparky. Crewmember Derek , after discovering an inscription on Sparky\'s dog tag, fears that the gargon might destroy Earth\'s local inhabitants, making the other spacemen scoff. Being members of the "supreme race", they disdain "foreign beings," no matter how intelligent and pride themselves that families and friendships are forbidden on their world. Derek turns out to be a member of an underground which commemorates more humane periods of his world\'s history. Their one gargon seems to be sick in Earth\'s atmosphere. While his crewmates are distracted, Derek flees. Eventually, the gargon seems to revive. When the Captain reports Derek\'s actions, he is connected to the Leader  himself. It turns out that Derek is the Leader\'s son, though Derek is unaware of this. Thor is sent to hunt Derek down, with orders to kill to protect the mission. They return to their base, leaving the gargon behind. Meanwhile, Derek finds the home address found on the dog tag. He meets Betty Morgan  and her Grandpa Joe . They have a room to rent, and Derek inadvertently becomes a boarder. When Betty\'s boyfriend, reporter Joe Rogers , can\'t make their afternoon plans, Derek tags along with Betty. He shows the tag to Betty, who recognizes it immediately. Derek takes her to the place where the ship landed, and shows her Sparky\'s remains. She doesn\'t believe him, so he describes Thor\'s weapon that that vaporizes flesh. Betty takes this surprisingly well and vows to help Derek stop the bad guys. For the rest of the day Betty and Derek have several run-ins with Thor and Joe follows up on stories of skeletons popping up all over town, including in Alice\'s swimming pool. Eventually Thor is wounded and he kidnaps Betty and Derek for medical attention, he reveals Derek\'s true parentage. Two car chases and a gunfight ensue and Thor is finally captured by authorities after plummeting off a cliff in a stolen car. But there are bigger problems: the gargon has grown immensely, killing a policeman investigating the landing site and attacking numerous people. Derek and Betty go to the car wreck to look for Thor\'s gun. They share a kiss, and Derek vows to stay on Earth. When the gargon ruins their romantic moment, Derek finds the gun just in time for them to escape. Unfortunately the gun is damaged and the monster is heading toward the town. They head out once again to confront it, using power lines to fuel the disintegrator. They kill the gargon, but it\'s too late as enemy ships suddenly appear overhead. The whole gang, including Joe and Grandpa, hurries out to the landing site. Derek reunites with his father and makes the ultimate sacrifice by leading the fleet directly into the hillside, causing a massive explosion. Derek does not survive, but is remembered for declairing, "I shall make the Earth my home. And I shall never, never leave it."'] ["Astronomer George Herbert and his wife Felicity are celebrating their 10th wedding anniversary. He and his son Alex look at Mars through their telescope. Instead, they see a meteor-like object. George's boss calls him in to investigate the object. Felicity takes Alex to Washington, D.C. without George, who promises to meet them when he is done working. As George drives to work, his radio makes strange noises. His car then shuts down right as a large, flaming object crashes into the nearby hills. He goes to the crash site and finds a massive meteor in a crater. All of the cars and cellphones have somehow been disabled. A young woman named Audrey runs into George. She is scared because her boyfriend Max  fell into the crater. George encourages Max to climb out, but the young man is distracted by activity coming from the meteor. Suddenly, metallic tentacles grabs Max and other people around the crater. Slowly, a large, crab-like Martian walker climbs out and fires a heat-ray at the scattering humans. George manages to escape and makes his way home, where nothing electrical works. He starts walking toward Washington where he hopes to find his family at the Lincoln Memorial. He sets off to locate his brother, Matt, a Army Ranger in nearby Hopewell. The next day, George comes to a bridge where soldiers are holding back civilian refugees. A mother, who believes the Martians are just terrorists tells George that Washington, along with New York City and Los Angeles, were invaded first. Another meteor crashes nearby and a walker attacks the soldiers. George escapes and runs into a soldier named Kerry Williams, whose entire squad was lost in battle. He agrees to travel with George to Hopewell. They meet Lt. Samuelson, who is outraged that the aliens killed his family and interested in George because he is a scientist. He tells George that Washington was completely wiped out and there are no survivors, not even the President. George and Kerry reach Hopewell, but the town was already invaded by walkers. They find Matt, who is fatally wounded. He eventually dies of his wounds while George and Kerry are separated during a new attack, with George escaping in a canoe. After spending a day drifting downstream, George develops an extreme fever and spends two days in an abandoned car. He is found by Pastor Victor, an Australian. They find an unscathed neighborhood and find food and clothes at the veterinarian's home. George and the Pastor hide upstairs from the aliens' poisonous gas, where they find several vials of rabies vaccines. A giant explosion causes the house to collapse. George wakes hours later to find that a meteor has destroyed the neighborhood. He observes the aliens draining blood from living humans. George plans to use a rabies vaccine against them. When a Martian enters the house, George injects it with the rabies vaccine and it quickly retreats. The alien returns and sprays acid over Victor, killing him in seconds. George hides the house's ruins until the aliens abandon the crater days later. He again runs into Kerry and Samuelson. Kerry insists that George cannot fight them, but Samuelson suddenly shoots Kerry in the head. George then kills Samuelson and finally reaches Washington, which lies in ruin. Unable to find his family, he sees a single Martian and surrenders to it, having lost everything to the invaders. The alien however drops dead. Out of nowhere, a group of survivors appear and reveal that the aliens have been dying for several days from an airborne virus. Alex and Felicity are among the survivors and the family is tearfully reunited. The Martians have been killed by bacteria, and with most of humanity wiped out, the survivors are left to rebuild."] ['The film opens with a parody credit of “R.I. Diculous Presents.” Private Philbrick and Private Penn are stuck in monotonous assignments at Fort Nicholson, a U.S. Army base near the Nicholson Mesa. The privates are assigned to a scouting mission that requires the inspection of a newly discovered cavern that was located near the base. Philbrick and Penn are part of an expeditionary squadron, but become separated from their fellow soldiers. The privates are attacked by strange creatures that take them to an alien spacecraft occupied by Amazonian women from the planet Chalar. Two of the aliens, Professor Puna and Dr. Tanga, reveal they arrived on Earth with the goal of conquering the planet. Philbrick and Penn discover their fellow soldiers have been captured by the aliens. The privates accidentally discover that kissing the aliens leaves them temporarily powerless. After a rapid kissing session, Philbrick and Penn escape from the spaceship and its inhabitants. Dodging an encounter with a hostile American Indian tribe, the two soldiers race back to their base to launch a defense of the Earth against the Chalar aliens.“An Impossible Picture: Truth and Lies about the Invasion of the Star Creatures” by Martin Kottmeyer, Talking Pictures'] ["An outer-space terrorist from a planet named Arous - a brain-shaped creature named Gor - arrives on Earth and possesses young scientist Steve March. Gor then proceeds to use his vast, destructive powers to bend the world to his will, threatening to wipe out the capital city of any nation that defies him.  Meanwhile, another brain from Arous - named Vol - arrives on Earth and eventually inhabits the body of March's fiancee's dog. Vol explains that Gor is a wanted criminal on their world. Gor's only weakness is the Fissure of Rolando and he is only vulnerable during one brief period when he needs to exit his host to absorb oxygen."] ['In 1959, on board a space ship, two aliens race to keep an experiment from being released by a third member of the crew. The seemingly possessed third alien shoots the canister into space where it crashes to Earth. Nearby, a college man takes his date to a parking spot when they see a falling star and investigate. Unfortunately, it lands in the path of an escaped criminally insane mental patient. As his date is attacked by the axe-wielding maniac, the boy finds the canister, from which a small leech-like thing jumps out and into his mouth. 28 years later, Chris Romero is pining over a love lost, being supported by his handicapped friend J.C. During pledge week at Corman University, Chris spots a girl, Cynthia Cronenberg, and seems to fall instantly in love. To get her attention, he decides that he must join a fraternity. As a part of their pledge , they must steal a cadaver from the university medical center and place it on the steps of the Phi Omega Gamma house. Chris and J.C. find one in a top secret room that is being kept in a state of suspended animation, but when it grabs one of their arms as they try to move it, they lose their nerve and run back to their dorm room. Meanwhile, Detective Ray Cameron, a cop that dated the girl killed back in 1959 and is haunted by the memories of what he found that night, is called in to the cryogenics lab break-in where there were two bodies, but one is now missing. The missing body is the one released from its cryogenics tomb - the same boy who found the alien experiment back in 1959. This missing body makes its way back to the same sorority house where he picked up his date 27 years earlier. The walking corpse comes to Cynthia\'s window where his head splits open and more of the leech creatures fall out and slither across the ground. Called to the scene, Ray finds the body with a large open wound in the face, similar to one that could have been made by an axe. The next day, Chris and J.C. are confronted by the frat brothers, upset over the fact that they believe they are responsible for the previous night\'s incident. After surviving their encounter, they are then taken in for questioning by the police. Based on the testimony of a janitor that witnessed them running out of university medical center, "screaming like banshees," they confess to breaking in, but deny taking the corpse out. That night, the attendant found dead gets up from his slab and runs into the same janitor. After the dead and buried cat of one of the sorority sisters comes back, Cynthia confesses it to Chris and J.C. and goes on about the dead body found at the sorority house. Although both are skeptical of her story about them being zombies, J.C. sees that she is leaning on Chris\' shoulder, and leaves the two alone to go to the bathroom, where the now-possessed janitor enters and lets loose more of the slugs. As Chris walks Cynthia back to the sorority house, he runs into Cameron who has overheard the entire story. Back at Ray\'s home, the two talk about their high school sweethearts. Ray\'s story is more elaborate as he goes on about how they broke up and he became a cop and how he was called out to the site where she had been hacked up by a lunatic. He goes on to tell of how he tracked down the escaped patient, killed him and buried him in the same spot on which the House Mother\'s cottage now sits. Just then, Ray gets a call where the House Mother has been hacked up to death by the axe-wielding corpse that broke in through the floor. The killer is finally tracked down and cornered by the police, but numerous gunshots have no effect. Cameron then takes his shotgun and blows its head off, which releases more of the little creeps. The next night, everyone is getting ready for the formal when Chris notices a tape recorder on which J.C. has recorded a posthumous message to his friend, telling him that one of the things has incubated in his brain and that he had discovered, after lighting one with a match, that heat can destroy them. Chris then runs into the boiler room, where his friend has told him he was headed in an attempt to kill those inside him. Chris then shows up at Ray\'s place, which Ray has sealed up, and he fills him in. After grabbing his gun and turning off the gas, he takes Chris to a police armory to get a flamethrower. They come to the sorority house just as Cynthia is breaking up with Brad who has become possessed. After killing him, the Delta fraternity brothers show up - despite having been killed in a bus crash. While Chris and Cynthia team up with shotgun and flamethrower to destroy the dead outside, Cameron does likewise inside. After stopping the horde, Chris spots more slugs racing across the ground that are headed into the house\'s basement. Cynthia remembers that this is where specimen brains are being kept. When they go down below, they find Cameron, tape across his mouth, prepping a can of gasoline. They also find the creatures gathered in a huge swarm in the corner. Cameron begins counting down as he splashes gasoline everywhere. Cynthia and Chris turn and run out of the house, counting down in sync with Cameron. Cameron fills the basement with gas and just as some of the parasites leap at him, he flicks his lighter and the house goes up in a fiery explosion. Watching the sorority house burn, Chris and Cynthia share a kiss. The scene ends when the dog that caused the bus accident returns, opens its mouth, and a slug jumps out.NIGHT OF THE CREEPS'] ['In the middle of the southern Pacific Ocean, a thousand feet below the surface, what is believed to be an alien spacecraft is discovered after a ship laying transoceanic cable has its cable cut and the United States Navy investigates the cause. The thickness of coral growth on the spaceship suggests that it has been there for almost 300 years. A team made up of marine biologist Dr. Beth Halperin , mathematician Dr. Harry Adams , astrophysicist Dr. Ted Fielding , psychologist Dr. Norman Goodman , and U.S. Navy Capt. Harold Barnes  are tasked with investigating the spaceship. The team  are housed in a state-of-the-art underwater living environment called the Habitat during their stay on the ocean floor. Upon entering the spaceship, the team makes several discoveries. The first is that the ship is not alien, and that it is in fact an American spaceship. They assume, due to the years of coral growth and advanced technology, that the craft is from the future. The last date in the ship\'s log, 06/21/43, does not indicate the specific century. The last entry in the log details an "Unknown  Event", which depicts the ship apparently falling into a black hole, resulting in its trip through time. The ship\'s mission apparently involved gathering objects from around the galaxy to bring back to Earth. An item of particular interest is a large, perfect sphere in the cargo hold. It is suspended a few feet above the ground and has an impenetrable fluid surface which reflects its surroundings but not, for some undetermined reason, people. Harry concludes from the classification of the event which sent the ship back that the Habitat crew is fated to die: it would not have been an "unknown event" if they had lived to report about it, he reasons. Harry soon sneaks back to the spaceship, and finds a way to enter the sphere. Soon after, a series of numeric-encoded messages begins to show up on the habitat\'s computer screens, and Harry and Ted are able to decipher the messages and converse with what appears to be an alien , which has been trapped in the sphere. They soon discover that "Jerry" can hear everything they are saying aboard the Habitat. Harry\'s entry into the sphere prevents the team from evacuating before the arrival of a powerful typhoon on the surface, forcing them to stay below for almost a week. A series of tragedies then befalls the crew: Fletcher, the navy technician, is killed by aggressive Sea Nettles. Later, Edmunds\' corpse is found drifting near the station, her body completely pulverised by what turns out to be a giant squid, which returns to attack the station. In the chaos that ensues, Barnes is cut in half by a computer operated door, and Ted is burned to death. Sea snakes attack Norman, though he is not injured. Jerry is suspected to be the cause of these incidents. Eventually, only Harry, Norman, and Beth remain. At this point, they realize that they have all entered the world of the perfect sphere. The Sphere has given them the power to manifest their thoughts into reality. As such, all of the disasters that had been plaguing them are the result of manifestations of the worst parts of their own minds. The name "Jerry" turns out to have been erroneously decoded and is actually spelled "Harry"; it is Harry\'s subconscious communicating with them through their computer system whenever he is asleep. At that point, Beth\'s suicidal thoughts trigger a countdown to detonate the explosives that were brought along to clear away the coral. They abandon the Habitat for the mini-sub, but their fears manifest an illusion of the spacecraft around them. Norman finally sees through the illusion, and punches the mini-sub\'s emergency surfacing button. The explosives destroy the habitat and the spaceship, but  the sphere itself remains undamaged. As the explosives detonate and create a huge blast wave below it, the mini-sub rises to the surface, to be quickly retrieved by the returning surface ships, permitting the survivors to begin safe decompression once on board a navy ship. The film ends with the three deciding to use their powers to erase their own memories before being debriefed, in order to prevent the knowledge about the sphere from falling into the wrong hands. Thus, Harry\'s paradox, in which they are alive yet no one has learned about the "unknown event," is resolved. As they erase their memories, the sphere emerges from the ocean and flies off into space.'] ['In the year 2065, a future Earth is infested by Phantoms: alien life forms capable of killing humans by physical contact. The remaining humans living in "barrier cities" all over the world are engaged in an ongoing struggle to free the planet. After being infected by a Phantom during one of her experiments, Aki Ross  and her mentor, Dr. Sid , uncover a means of defeating the Phantoms by gathering eight spirit signatures that, when joined, can negate the Phantoms. Aki is searching for the sixth spirit in the ruins of New York City when she is cornered by Phantoms but is rescued by Gray Edwards  and his squad "Deep Eyes", consisting of Ryan Whittaker , Neil Fleming  and Jane Proudfoot . It is revealed that Gray was once romantically involved with Aki. Upon returning to her barrier city, Aki joins Sid and appears before the leadership council along with General Hein , who is determined to use the powerful Zeus space cannon to destroy the Phantoms. Aki delays the use of the Zeus cannon by revealing she has been infected, and the collected spirit signatures are keeping her infection stable. This revelation convinces Hein that she is being controlled by the Phantoms. Aki and the Deep Eyes squad succeed in finding the seventh spirit as Aki\'s infection begins to worsen and she slips into unconsciousness. Aki\'s dream reveals the Phantoms are the spirits of dead aliens brought to Earth on a fragment of their destroyed planet. Sid uses the seventh spirit to bring Aki\'s infection back under control, reviving her. To scare the council into giving him clearance to fire the Zeus cannon Hein lowers part of the barrier shield protecting the city. Though Hein intended that only a few Phantoms enter, his plan goes awry and legions of Phantoms invade the entire city. Aki, Sid and the Deep Eyes attempt to reach Aki\'s spaceship, their means of escape but Ryan, Neil and Jane are killed by Phantoms. Sid finds the eighth spirit at the crater site of the alien asteroid\'s impact on Earth. Hein escapes and boards the Zeus space-station where he finally receives authorization to fire the cannon. Sid lowers a shielded vehicle, with Aki and Gray, into the crater to locate the final spirit. Just before they can reach it, Hein fires the Zeus cannon into the crater not only destroying the eighth spirit but revealing the Phantom Gaia. Aki has a vision of the Phantom home planet, where she is able to receive the eighth spirit from the alien particles in herself. When Aki wakes, she and Gray combine it with the other seven. Hein continues to fire the Zeus cannon despite overheating warnings and unintentionally destroys the cannon and himself. Gray sacrifices himself as a medium needed to physically transmit the completed spirit into the alien Gaia. The Gaia is returned to normal as the Phantoms ascend into space, finally at peace. Aki is pulled from the crater holding Gray\'s body and looking into the newly liberated world.'] ['The movie begins with an extraterrestrial humanoid species, the Glegoliths, wandering through space in search of a new world. Encountering an unknown planet , the Glegolith leader  sends two "manned" probes to the surface to determine if it is suitable for colonisation. The scouts in the probes think they have arrived at a great city, but in fact they have arrived at a new amusement park that is not yet open to the public. They proceed to explore four amusement rides : * Arctic Adventure ; * Magic Carpet ; * Kid Coaster ; and * Aqua Adventure . At each ride the Glegolith scouts become variously excited, frightened, frozen or violently ill, but end up having a lot of fun. On seeing this, Cyrillus decides that the new planet "was too much fun" and would destroy the fabric of his society, and orders his scouts to withdraw. The alien visitors depart Earth without actually making contact with humans.'] ["On August 12, 2011, large masses thought to be meteorites land in the oceans near several major coastal cities. The objects are discovered to be spacecraft containing hostile extraterrestrial life. Marines from Camp Pendleton arrive in Los Angeles, including SSgt. Michael Nantz , a 20-year veteran who had lost his squad during his tour in Iraq. Nantz was officially to begin his retirement; but because of the attack, is instead made the acting platoon sergeant for a Marines battalion. The Marines commandeer a city bus for evacuation. They also vivisect a wounded alien, and with the help of Michele, find a vulnerable spot in its torso. They also learn that the alien aircraft are remote-controlled drones that track human radio transmissions. Santos reveals that her original mission was to locate the aliens' central command center, believing that its destruction would deactivate the drones. On the I-10 freeway, the bus comes under attack. Because the off-ramp is destroyed, the Marines rappel the civilians off the freeway. Marines Stavrou  and Mottola  and the National Guard personnel are killed, while Rincon and Lt. Martinez are wounded. Martinez sacrifices himself to destroy an advancing enemy unit by detonating explosives inside the bus, leaving Nantz in command. The surviving Marines and civilians escape the bombing zone with a minute to go. A news report speculates that the aliens are seeking Earth's water for fuel while attempting to colonize the planet and eradicate humans; ocean levels have already dropped several feet. The team waits for the bombing, but to their dismay nothing happens, and they depart. Arriving at the airport, the Marines discover that the aliens destroyed the FOB and the military is retreating from Los Angeles. Echo Company plans to escort the civilians to an alternative extraction point. Before they leave, Rincon dies from his wounds, but the company later reaches the evacuation spot."] ['Interstellar warrior Shep Ramsey  is on a mission to capture intergalactic despot General Suitor ([[William Ball . The general kidnapped President Hashina, the ruler of an entire planet. Shep boards Suitor\'s flagship but is unable to rescue Hashina, who is killed by Suitor. The general then turns into a berserk reptilian alien after being wounded. Shep barely escapes, but is able to blow up the ship as he does so. Due to his failure in saving the President, Shep\'s superior officer  suggests that he is "stressed out" and should take a vacation. Annoyed, Shep accidentally smashes his control systems and is forced to crash land on Earth. He will have to stay until his spaceship repairs itself. He has little knowledge of Earth\'s customs, and his temper and sense of justice causes problems with everyone he meets, especially a mime artist he frequently runs into and tries to help such as getting him out of his \'invisible box\'. Charlie Wilcox  is a weak-willed architect working for the fawning and hypocritical Adrian Beltz ([[Larry Miller . His wife Jenny  unsuccessfully encourages him to stand up for himself. In order to help out financially, she rents out Charlie\'s hobby shed as a vacation cabin, which Shep leases. Shep\'s appearance and behavior makes Charlie nervous and he begins to spy on his guest. He soon discovers Shep\'s advanced equipment. he turns them on, not knowing that the power sources are traceable and it\'s whereabouts are now being tracked by Suitor\'s men. Suitor himself escaped the destruction of his ship and now sends a pair of intergalactic bounty hunters after Shep. Shep also requires several rare crystals to fix his ship, the closest samples of which can be found in Beltz\'s office. Charlie helps Shep get into his boss\'s office during a party, but then the bounty hunters corner them. After winning a furious fight, Shep and Charlie head home to repair the ship. After the bounty hunters\' defeat, Suitor himself comes to Earth. He takes Charlie\'s family hostage, forcing Charlie to lead him to Shep. Suitor begins torturing Shep, enjoying himself before he kills the warrior. Finding his courage, Charlie injures Suitor, who then turns into his monstrous form. Physically outmatched, Shep is forced to set his ship to self-destruct and he and Charlie manage to escape the ship\'s explosion, which destroys Suitor for good. Shep leaves Earth using the bounty hunters\' ship. He takes Beltz\'s secretary, Margie, with him, hoping for a quiet family life. Charlie, though, has become bolder from his experiences; he appears in Beltz\'s office the following morning, yelling at his boss in front of witnesses, and finally quits his thankless job.'] ['The government of the United States, along with The Pentagon, organizes the first interplanetary expedition to the planet Venus. The spacecraft XY-21 with a crew of seventeen successfully reaches the planet 20 million miles away and vast mineral resources and precious raw materials are discovered on the planet, but atmospheric conditions are extremely harsh and cannot support life from Earth, and several members of the expedition die because of the conditions. None of this is actually seen, but is all explained in dialogue later on in the film. On the return journey, thirteen months after leaving, the rocket is crippled by a meteor and crashes into the Mediterranean Sea off the southern coast of Sicily. The film begins as the two surviving crewmen are rescued by local fishermen before the vessel sinks beneath the waves and are taken to the local hotel. Camped nearby are an Italian zoologist, Dr. Leonardo, and his American granddaughter Marisa, who is, fortunately, a medical student. Marisa tends to the crew herself, with mixed results: horribly burnt chief scientist of the expedition Dr. Sharman dies, whilst Col. Robert Calder survives. Calder determines to locate a specimen they brought with them to study how the creature survives and therefore prepare another expedition to tap into the planet\'s resources. In his dying breaths, Dr. Sharman had different thoughts: he considered the creature a dangerous threat and beseeched Calder to find it and destroy it to prevent the creature causing destruction and carnage on Earth. Meanwhile, the specimen, an egg shrouded in jelly within a metal cylinder, washes ashore and is found by a local boy, who then sells it to Dr. Leonardo. Overnight the egg hatches a Venusian reptilian creature, referred to  as the Ymir. The Ymir begins to grow at a prodigious rate due to the abundance of oxygen in Earth\'s atmosphere. Dr. Leonardo prudently places the Ymir in a cage. Soon, however, the Ymir becomes large and strong enough to free itself. Apparently, the Ymir eats sulfur and passes by horses, poultry and sheep before finding some bags of agricultural chemicals in a barn, one of which is sulfur, and begins to eat. The Ymir only attacks when provoked and after being attacked by a dog and a farmer, it escapes the barn. This time the Ymir runs to the erupting volcanic crater at Mount Etna. It is found by the Italian army and American army only to be chased into a trap. However, by this point, the Ymir has grown to approximately 10 ft high. The army ensnare the Ymir in an electric net and it is and transported to a zoo in Rome. Believing the situation is over, and themselves safe at last, Calder and Marisa begin to develop a romantic relationship. After studying the Ymir for some time, something goes wrong in the zoo\'s laboratory when an accident disrupts the flow of electricity. The Ymir escapes and is attacked by an elephant. Victorious after the battle, the Ymir then goes on a rampage, smashing through buildings. Calder chases the Ymir into the Tiber River in Rome. Promptly resurfacing, the Ymir attacks the human threat and smashes through the bridge. Firearms are little use against the Ymir. The Ymir, after being shot at by an armored flamethrower, ends up on top of the Colosseum. After tearing into the brickwork and throwing pieces down at people and soldiers, it is eventually shot down by an intense barrage of rockets and falls some fifty meters, whereby it is crushed by falling masonry. The film ends with scientist Dr. Judson Uhl, played by John Zaremba, looking over the dead body of the Ymir and saying "Why is it always, always so costly for man to move from the present to the future?"'] ["Dr. Douglas Martin is a scientist working on atomic bomb tests. While collecting aerial data on an Air Force atomic blast at Soledad Flats, his plane crashes. He survives the crash unhurt, except for a strange scar on his chest. At the base hospital, he does not remember what happened. He acts so strangely that the authorities bring in the FBI, thinking he may be an impostor. He is cleared, but told to take some time off. He protests at being excluded from his project. An atomic test is set off without his knowledge, so Martin steals the data, then goes back to Soledad Flats and puts the papers under a stone. The FBI agent has followed him, but he escapes until he crashes his car. Back at the hospital, he is given truth serum. He tells a story about being captured by space aliens from Astron Delta and held in their underground base.  The aliens plan to exterminate all humans with giant insects and reptiles, grown with radiation absorbed from the bomb tests. Martin intuits that the aliens use stolen electric power to control their powerful apparatus, and they need the bomb data to predict the energy to be released and balanced. The aliens had blanked his memory and hypnotized him into getting the data for them. The FBI agent and the base commander are skeptical of such an incredible story, and keep him confined at the hospital. With some calculations on a slide rule, Dr. Martin determines that if he shuts off the power to Soledad Flats for just ten seconds, it will create an overload in the aliens' equipment. So he escapes the hospital and goes to the nearby electrical power plant, where he forces a technician to turn off the power. The alien base is destroyed in a massive explosion, saving the Earth from conquest."] ["A spaceship from a previously unknown planet lands in the Scottish moors, bringing an alien creature to earth near the observatory of Professor Elliot , just days before the planet will pass closest to the earth. When the professor and his friend, American reporter John Lawrence , discover the creature, they help it when it is in distress and try to communicate with it, but fail. They leave, and the alien follows them home. A colleague of the professor, the unscrupulous and ambitious scientist Dr. Mears , discovers how to communicate with the creature and tries to get from it by force the formula for the metal the spaceship is made of. He shuts off the alien's breathing apparatus and leaves it for dead, telling the professor that communication was hopeless. Soon, Lawrence discovers that the alien is gone, as is the professor's daughter, Enid . Tommy, the village constable , reports that others from the village are missing as well. Lawrence takes the constable to the site where the spaceship has been, but it is no longer there. With more people now missing &ndash; including Mears &ndash; the phone lines dead and the village in a panic, they get word to Scotland Yard by using a heliograph to contact a passing freighter. When an Inspector  and sergeant fly in and are briefed on the situation, it is decided that the military must destroy the spaceship. Lawrence objects that doing so will also kill the people who are under the alien's control. With the mysterious planet due to reach its closest distance to the earth at midnight, Lawrence is given until 11:00 to rescue them. He sneaks up to the ship, and learns from Mears that the alien intends the ship to become a wireless relay station in advance of an invasion from its home planet, which is dying. Lawrence orders the enthralled villagers to leave and attacks the alien, shutting off its breathing apparatus, then escapes with Enid and the professor. Mears, however, returns to the ship and is killed when the military destroys the ship, just before the planet approaches and then recedes back into outer space."] ['A jock sneaks into his supposed girlfriend\'s house with flowers for her. It is cold inside and when he approaches his girlfriend\'s room he finds a dead man with his mouth wide open. He then spots two more corpses. Elsewhere, Luke and Roger, two college freshmen and virgins, are desperate to get laid. While doing their laundry, they meet two girls named Lily and Constance. When Lily accidentally leaves a roll of quarters in the laundry, Luke goes to return them to her. He finds her room is unlocked and he decides to sneak in. But when the girls suddenly return, he decides to hide in the closet. Luke watches as the girls open the windows and let the cold winter air surround them. He then watches in horror as tentacles unfold from their chests and sexually arouse them. The police have found a body, frozen from the inside out and his mouth wide open. The forensic scientists assume a "keg drinking tube" was shoved down his throat, not realizing it was actually an alien\'s a tentacle shoved down his throat. Luke, with his girlfriend Alex, decide try to find out what these aliens are and if needed, to exterminate them. The aliens have come to Earth to impregnate men, as their race is dying out. To save their people, the aliens persuade men to come with them, promising sex. However, the "mating" process involves sticking their tentacles down the male\'s throat. Most men die because they cannot survive the cold temperature. Roger allows Constance to "mate" with him after she explains everything as she has fallen in love with him when she wasn\'t supposed to. She explains that they\'re merely trying to survive and that they don\'t want anyone to die. He agrees to allow her to impregnate him, giving her race a chance to survive. Luke comes in just in time to see a baby alien crawl out of Roger\'s mouth. Roger dies soon after, leaving Constance horrified because she didn\'t want him to die. Luke then discovers that, while the aliens love the cold, they hate heat. In the end, using a home-made flamethrower he exterminates Lily, Constance and the other aliens, not knowing the truth of their mission. Alex congratulates him and they start to have sex. There\'s a sudden flashback to the very beginning of the movie when the jock finds the dead men. He looks up and sees Alex who then says "You\'re early". Suddenly Luke realizes Alex is an alien. He screams as she pins him down and rapes him and her tentacles appear. The camera zooms out of the room as Luke\'s screams fade away.'] ['In 1966, a U.S. military station, the United States Decoding Service,  NASA Wing, in Dallas, has intercepted a message, and after decoding, the message contains only the cryptic statement, "Mars Needs Women". Apparently, Martians have a genetic deficiency that produces only male babies. A mission to Earth is launched, consisting of five Martians, led by Dop . The team intends to recruit women to come to Mars, and select five prospective candidates. Using their sophisticated transponder, the leader attempts to make contact with the military who have tracked their arrival on Earth. When the U.S. military see the Martians as invaders, the team takes on the guise of Earthlings, and acquire human clothes, money, maps and transportation. They set their sights on a number of women including a stewardess, stripper and, especially, a Pulitzer Prize winning scientist, Dr. Bolen , an expert in space genetics. Resorting to hypnosis, the women are captured. Dop becomes enamored with Dr. Bolen, and is ready to sabotage the mission. After the military forces discover their hideout, the Martians are eventually forced to go back to Mars without their captives.'] ['An alien spacecraft enters the Earth\'s atmosphere and jettisons a pod, which descends onto the planet. Some time later, Major Alan "Dutch" Schaefer  arrives in Central America with his elite team for an operation to rescue a presidential cabinet minister and his aide who had been abducted by guerrilla forces. The team consists of Mac Eliot , Blain Cooper , Billy Sole , Jorge "Poncho" Ramirez , and Rick Hawkins . Dutch\'s old military friend George Dillon , now working for the CIA, accompanies them as a liaison. The team is inserted into the jungle by helicopter and begins its hunt. They soon find the wreckage of a downed helicopter and later, the remains of Army Special Forces, whose presence in the country mystifies Dutch, while shocking them that the bodies are found to be hanged with their skin removed. They track the guerillas to a heavily defended rebel encampment which they destroy, except for a woman named Anna  whom they take prisoner. Dutch is enraged when Dillon confesses the rescue mission had been a ploy to get his group to attack the camp and that the men they found earlier had disappeared in a failed rescue of two CIA agents. As the team make their way to the extraction point, they are observed from afar by an unknown creature using thermal imaging. Anna briefly escapes, but when Hawkins catches her, he is seized and dragged off. The nearly invisible creature spares the unarmed Anna. Moments later, while the team is looking for Hawkins\' killer, Blain is killed. Mac physically sees the creature and opens fire on it, but it disappears into the jungle. Anna offers the team insight on the creature which is something of a local legend. The team sets a trap, but it avoids capture, severely wounding Poncho in the process. Mac and Dillon are killed in the ensuing chase, and Billy is slain making a stand. The Predator catches up to Dutch and engages in a short shootout during which Poncho is killed. Realizing the creature only attacks those possessing weapons, a wounded Dutch sends Anna unarmed to the extraction point. Jumping off a waterfall, he narrowly escapes the creature by inadvertently masking his body\'s heat signature with mud and witnesses the Predator\'s true form when its active camouflage fails in the water. Dutch applies more mud, improvises various weaponry and traps, then baits the Predator into coming out by starting a large fire. Hearing Dutch\'s war-cry, the Predator arrives to investigate and eventually traps him. Discarding its electronic weaponry, the alien challenges Dutch to hand-to-hand combat. Battered and barely able to move, Dutch manages to drop the counterweight from one of his traps, which falls and crushes the creature. As Dutch asks the mortally wounded alien what it is, the creature mimics his question in garbled English and then activates a self-destruct mechanism on its wrist device while laughing, gradually increasing its laugh into a human-like pitch. Dutch barely escapes the massive explosion and is rescued by helicopter along with Anna.'] ['After his cousin Joe dies, Layne Vassimer and his girlfriend Macy, along with their friends Stephen, Maurice, Iris and Katrina, decide to clean up Joe\'s house with the intention of selling it. When they see it for the first time, they discover the house completely covered in plates of iron armor. The group also finds crop circles in the nearby cornfield. When Iris, one of their friends, suddenly disappears they realize something is really wrong. During a blackout, the house is attacked by aliens, who had previously killed Joe and abducted Iris. The group figures out the aliens are allergic to iron, Joe had covered the house in it to keep them out. They attempt to fight the aliens off, but the house is eventually blown up with Layne, Macy, and Katrina the only survivors. In the end, they drive off, listening to the radio. They hear a news report stating that the blackout they experienced affects five western states and parts of Canada. They also hear that people everywhere are being attacked by "strange creatures."'] ['The film centers on Josh Myron  as six hundred and sixty six gigantic interplanetary robots land on Earth. As the robots are landing, two humanoids arrive, one male and one female . Both are eventually captured by the military who tries to communicate with them. Eventually, the female starts talking to Myron and reveals that she can read his mind along with others. Myron is told that the entire human race is a threat to the rest of the galaxy and unless she is shown the value of humanity by sunset, the planet will be destroyed. Attempts to communicate with the robots fail as they vaporize anyone that tries to attack them or even fires a rifle to get their attention. An effort is made to destroy the robots using Sidewinder Missiles, delivered by YF-22s. The missiles are ineffective and the attacking planes are destroyed by laser attack. The woman, who reveals that her name in its closest English translation is Skye, also displays the ability to harness surrounding energy to protect herself. However, after using that, the military officer in charge of the "mission" starts to use a Taser on Skye, forcing Myron to intervene and be thrown off the project. He goes AWOL and as he is driving away, he is contacted by Skye telepathically and he returns to rescue her. The effort proves successful and starts a city-wide search for him and Skye. The male also manages to escape as the robots begin a systemic attack on the planet, first with an EMP . It\'s also discovered that the robots are slowing down the Earth\'s core and stopping the planet\'s rotation. An effort is made to destroy one of the robots with a nuclear explosion, sacrificing 9000 inhabitants of a small island. When the bomb goes off, the machine emerges unharmed and Skye feels the pain of the people dying and almost passes out. Josh takes the time to comfort Skye before the military finds them again. Myron and Skye come across a married couple and have to put the wife in the back of a 4x4, as she is in labour. The husband delivers the child but is unaware of a complication until he realizes that his wife has stopped breathing. Myron hands the infant to Skye and tells her that if she wants to know the value of humanity, "you\'re staring at it". Myron and the husband desperately try to revive the wife but are unsuccessful. Myron realizes that the wife is dead and stops applying CPR. Skye, despite her earlier statement that she would not get involved, changes her mind and uses her powers to resurrect the wife. Skye, now convinced of the value of humanity, needs to get to the closest robot to return home and end the invasion. Before they can get to the robot, Skye is shot by the military. Both are taken back to the base where Skye is treated for the injury as the planet\'s rotation stops and a major global earthquake hits. The commander realizes, finally, that Myron was telling the truth and helps Myron move Skye to a vehicle. As they leave, they are chased by the psychologist, who is convinced that keeping Skye will prevent the robots from attacking further. At the feet of the robot, Myron is shot by the psychologist; the robot, reacting to a perceived threat, vaporizes him. The robot man arrives, sees both Skye and Myron possibly dead and uses his own powers to revive both. Skye, in gratitude, hugs Myron before both the unnamed man and Skye are beamed aboard. The invasion ends and the robots depart the planet leaving behind major damage , but the planet intact.'] ["An American astronomer obtains images of Mars suggesting large-scale environmental changes are occurring at a pace that can only be accomplished by intelligent beings with advanced technology. At the same time a colleague claims to have been contacting Mars by radio, first through an exchange of mathematical concepts and then through answers to specific questions. The transmissions claim that Mars is a utopia. This revelation leads to political and economic chaos, especially in the Western hemisphere. The U.S. government imposes a news blackout after the first four messages, only to reveal much later that Earth's people can be saved if they return to the worship of God. Revolution sweeps the globe, including the Soviet Union. But doubts about the authenticity of the messages remain. An ex-Nazi who developed the original communication device prototype wants to announce that he has been duping the Americans with false messages from a secret Soviet-funded radio transmitter high in the Andes mountains of South America. The mystery thickens as it appears the messages may have continued even after the secret transmitter was destroyed in an avalanche."] ['The film begins with a brief prologue. The film\'s narrator, Pat Michaels, describes how in 1909, Robert Peary had a world of trouble reaching the North Pole. He postulates that Peary would have been amazed that in a few decades that same pole he had such trouble reaching had become a major thoroughfare for civilian and military shipping. The prologue ends when the film tells of a futuristic prediction of cargo-carrying atomic submarines. One of those submarines is shown being destroyed by a mysterious undersea light. The loss of this submarine and several other ships alarms the world. Governments temporarily close the pole to traffic and convene an emergency meeting at The Pentagon. Present at the meeting is Commander Dan Wendover , the Captain of the atomic submarine Tigershark, and Nobel Prize winning scientist Sir Ian Hunt . The United States Secretary of Defense Justin Murdock  leads the meeting. He explains all that is known about the disasters in the Arctic. The Secretary then describes the high-tech capabilities of the Tigershark. These include a special hull and a mini-sub, the Lungfish, that can be stored inside the larger sub. The Secretary finishes the meeting by telling Captain Wendover that he is to take Hunt and the rest of the Tigersharks crew to find the cause of the ship sinkings and, if possible, eliminate it. The next several scenes introduce the audience to Lieutenant Commander Richard "Reef" Holloway , the Executive Officer of the Tigershark. Also shown is how a submarine gathers its crew together on short notice and sets sail. Holloway is told that he will be bunking with the inventor of the Lungfish, Dr. Carl Neilson. At first he is thrilled. Holloway believes that his bunkmate is Dr. Neilson Sr., a scientist he reveres. To his dismay, Holloway learns that his bunkmate is instead Dr. Carl Neilson Jr. , a pacifistic scientist he dislikes. The scenes after that show day-to-day life on an atomic submarine. After a time, the submariners do finally find the cause of the disasters: a saucer-shaped underwater craft with a strange light coming out of an eye-shaped window. The window is located at the top and in the center of the ship\'s upper dome. One of the Tigersharks scientists, Dr. Clifford Kent , briefly shows a photo of an Unidentified Flying Object taken from his days as a UFO investigator for the Air Force. Investigaging such phenomena was his job in those days. Because of that photo and its similarity to this vessel, the submariners began to realize that their quarry is an extraterrestrial lifeform. Inspired by the eye-shaped window, the crew nickname the spacecraft "Cyclops". Commander Wendover orders the submarine\'s most powerful torpedoes fired on the saucer. The torpedoes reach the saucer, but are stopped short of it by a gel-like extrusion from the saucer, and they do not explode. While dismayed by this failure, the captain knows that he has to do something to stop the ship sinkings, so he orders the Tigershark to ram the spacecraft. The submarine\'s nose breaks into the lower side of the saucer and becomes trapped there. Lieutenant Commander Holloway and Dr. Neilson then lead a team aboard the Lungfish and enter the spacecraft. Once inside, Holloway and crew find dark hallways with little illumination. It is then that Holloway gets his first telepathic message from the spacecraft\'s sole occupant, an octopus-like creature with only one eye. Holloway meets the creature "face to face". In the course of their conversation, the alien proves its hostile intent by savagely killing the other members of the away team. The creature further proves hostile by announcing to Holloway that it plans to bring several human specimens back to its home planet and eventually return with more of its kind to take over the Earth. Now realizing that he has a lot more to worry about than a few ship sinkings, Holloway attacks the alien by firing a Very pistol into its eye, temporarily blinding it. He races back to the Lungfish and returns to the Tigershark with Dr. Neilson. The Tigershark then breaks away from the saucer. Holloway then tells Commander Wendover, "Captain, if that thing ever gets back to where it came from, the Earth and everyone on it is doomed." The submariners remember that their weapons failed the first time that they were used against the spaceship. They have an emergency meeting where The Tigersharks group of scientists develop a plan to turn one of their ICBMs into a ground-to-air missile. Their plan is carried out with the agreement of Commander Wendover and the aid of several crewmen. When the saucer rises from the ocean and attempts to return home, the Tigershark fires the missile and destroys the saucer and its occupant, thus saving the Earth. In a postlude, Holloway and the young Neilson are reconciled, with the latter realizing that his pacifism was no match for hostile aliens.'] ["Rykker is an intergalactic warrior trapped on Earth, constantly fighting a gang of ruthless aliens known as The Syndicate, an alien fifth column plotting to take over the planet. The film opens with a high speed chase, with Rykker killing several syndicate agents. Saylon is a top syndicate leader who crash-lands on Earth. His mission is to build a wormhole portal between Earth and his home planet - allowing a full-scale invasion of the Earth. Isis is the Syndicate's sexy and ruthless leader. During a series of robberies for parts to build the portal, Isis becomes determined to destroy Rykker. 15 year old Julie's family was killed when a truck carrying materials for the portal was hijacked. Left alone in the world, she plots to avenge her family. Julie and Rykker hook up, though he tries to leave her behind for her own safety. But she keeps showing up, even saving Rykker's life one time. They go on a cross country journey, with Isis and her army in pursuit. The final showdown inside a nuclear reactor, has Rykker and Julie battling Isis, Saylon and their army of killers in an attempt to destroy the portal and stop the invasion."] ['Around the turn of the 20th century, British archaeologist Professor Aitken and his son, Charles, have chartered a ship called the Texas Rose to take them out to sea. There, they plan to dive underwater in a diving bell designed by engineer Greg Collinson. Although everyone aboard the ship, including Greg, thinks that the Professors Aitken are just going to look at fish, Charles and his father are secretly searching for proof of the existence of the lost city of Atlantis. He and Greg find it on their first dive, and then some. First, they are attacked by a reptilian sea monster, which comes through the bottom of the diving bell, but Greg is able to fend it off by sticking a live wire into its mouth, electrocuting it. Immediately following this, Greg and Charles discover a statue made of solid gold, which is then hoisted up to the Texas Rose. Deckhands Grogan, Fenn and Jacko desire the gold statue for themselves and hatch a scheme to steal it. Grogan cuts the line to the diving bell, trapping Greg and Charles at the bottom of the sea, and then someone  shoots the elder Professor Aitken in the back. As Grogan goes to attack the Texas Rose\'s captain, Daniels, a gigantic octopus known as the Sentinel, sent by the inhabitants of Atlantis, attacks the ship. Daniels, Grogan, Fenn and Jacko are kidnapped by the octopus and taken to Atlantis along with Greg and Charles in the diving bell. The six castaways find themselves washed ashore within a vast, air-filled cavern beneath the ocean floor. Here they are greeted by Atmir, one of the Atlantean ruling class, and the helmeted, spear-wielding Guardians, who promise to take them "to safety". En route, Greg, Charles and the others are told by Atmir that Atlantis is not just one city, but seven cities, the first three of which have been "lost beneath the waters of the outer limits forever." Atmir takes the surface-dwellers through the causeway, a prehistoric swamp inhabited by a millipede-like monster called the Mogdaan, and then on to Vaar, the fourth city. Once here, Greg and the others are thrown into a dungeon&nbsp;— all, that is, except for Charles. As a scientist, he is deemed intelligent enough to be granted an audience with Atraxon and Atsil, the king and queen of Atlantis in Chinqua, the fifth city. They wish to make Charles one of them, and explain how they originally came from Mars and are using their mind powers to shape human history. Meanwhile, Greg and the Texas Rose\'s crew make friends with Briggs, the captain of the Mary Celeste and unofficial leader of the Atlanteans\' human slaves, and his daughter, Delphine. Briggs informs them they are to be slaves to protect Vaar from the constant attacks of creatures known as Zaargs. They will be given gills so they can never leave Atlantis and return to the oxygen-rich surface world, as the Atlanteans, being originally from Mars, breathe a different atmosphere. A convenient Zaarg attack allows Greg and the others to escape their cell, but also claims the life of Briggs. Her father dead, a distraught Delphine helps Greg and the crew escape from their cells and shows them a way into Atraxon\'s palace in Chinqua through the sewers so they can rescue Charles. Greg, Daniels and Grogan go with her, leaving Fenn and Jacko to guard the tunnel entrance. Charles is enjoying his newfound status amongst the intellectual Atlanteans and may not even want to be rescued, especially once they show him the "utopia" they aim to create on Earth, leaving him drunk with power. Even if they manage to find and rescue him, they still have to get out of the city, through the causeway past the Mogdaan, and then figure out how to get back up to the surface world. There\'s also the matter of figuring out just who shot Charles\' father.  *Doug McClure as Greg Collinson *Peter Gilmore as Charles Aitken *Shane Rimmer as Captain Daniels *Lea Brodie as Delphine *Hal Galili as Grogan *John Ratzenberger as Fenn *Derry Power as Jacko *Michael Gothard as Atmir *Daniel Massey as Atraxon *Cyd Charisse as Atsil *Robert Brown as Captain Briggs *Donald Bisset as Professor Aitken'] ["A large ship drifts into New York Harbor, seemingly abandoned. The ship is discovered to be carrying large containers of coffee, hidden inside of which are a series of football-sized green eggs. The crew sent in to explore the ghost ship find the mutilated remains of the former crew gathered in one place, and they soon discover the reason why: when heated up enough, the green eggs explode, spraying a viscous liquid over everything. The liquid is toxic to living creatures, and causes the body to immediately explode. The military's answer to this phenomenon is Colonel Stella Holmes . She establishes a link between the green eggs and a recent mission to Mars that ended badly for the two astronauts who descended to the planet. One of them disappeared, and the other, Commander Hubbard ([[Ian McCulloch , had a breakdown and subsequently became an alcoholic. When pressed, Hubbard agrees to help Holmes in her investigation of the insidious plot to bring the deadly eggs to Manhattan, and it takes them, along with sarcastic New York cop Tony Aris , to a Colombian coffee plantation. All is not as it seems; Hubbard's former astronaut colleague is apparently alive and well and living under the influence of a monstrous alien cyclops, which is using mind control to further its plot to flood the world with the green eggs and wipe out human life on Earth."] ["The film is about Melissa , a young woman living in Los Angeles, who works for a large corporation. One night, there is a freak meteor shower. The next morning, Melissa goes about her day but as time passes, slowly becomes aware that those around her have changed since the meteorites fell. It's as if their minds are no longer their own. For example, Melissa's supervisor Samantha seduces her into a passionate lesbian encounter, even though Samantha had never shown any signs of being a lesbian. Melissa soon realizes that the townsfolk have been replaced by a race of aliens known as Pod People. The aliens grow in large seed pods and gradually take the form of a particular person, eventually taking over their bodies once the growth process is complete. The Pod People try to take control of Melissa, but she flee the town to warn humanity of the in progress invasion."] ['A group of criminal aliens called the The Nerdlucks, led by their boss, Mister Swackhammer , plot to capture the Looney Tunes characters and make them their newest attractions in order to save their failing amusement park called Moron Mountain from foreclosure and bring in more customers. Seeing how short the aliens are, the Looney Tunes bargain for the freedom by challenging the Nerdlucks to a basketball game. Preparing to cheat in the game, the Nerdlucks return to Earth and steal the basketball talents of Patrick Ewing, Larry Johnson, Charles Barkley, Muggsy Bogues and Shawn Bradley. The Nerdlucks use their stolen talent to become the "Monstars" , gigantic creatures that the Looney Tunes are unable to defeat. To help them win, the characters recruit Jordan, who reluctantly agrees after the Monstars squash him into the shape of a basketball and bounce him around like one. In the beginning of the game between the TuneSquad and the Monstars, the Looney Tunes are injured one by one until only Jordan, Bugs, Lola and Daffy are left in the game, leaving them short one player. Marvin The Martian, who is the referee tells them that if there is no fifth player, the team will forfeit the game. At the last second, Bill Murray appears in the stadium and joins the team, narrowly averting forfeiture. Meanwhile, Jordan reluctantly makes a deal with Mister Swackhammer to spare the Looney Tunes in exchange for his own freedom as his newest attraction if the TuneSquad loses. He readily accepts it and Bugs tries to talk him out of it, apparently aware what it means for Jordan being subjected to humiliation on Moron Mountain for all time. At the game\'s climax, the TuneSquad are down by one, and it is up to Jordan to score the winning point. Extending his arm with the power of toon physics, Jordan makes the basket and wins the game. He convinces the Monstars that they\'re bigger than Mister Swackhammer, who yells at them for losing. Fed up with their boss, the Monstars tie him up and send him to the moon. At Jordan\'s request, they give back the stolen basketball talents from the other players by transferring them to a basketball. This reverts the Monstars back to the tiny Nerdlucks. Refusing to return to Moron Mountain to endure humiliation from their former boss, the Nerdlucks decide to stay with the Looney Tunes who only agree to let them if they can prove to be "looney". Afterwards, Jordan is returned back to Earth in the Nerdlucks\' spaceship, where he makes a dramatic and appearance at the baseball game to the cheers of the audience, despite being late. The next day, Michael gives the stolen talent back to the other NBA players. He is later prompted by his rivals to return to the NBA, mirroring his real-life comeback. In a post-credits scene, Bugs Bunny appears in the classic bullseye featured in the original Looney Tunes shorts saying "That\'s all folks", only to be interrupted by Porky Pig, who in turn is interrupted by Daffy, who in turn gets thrown out by the Nerdlucks, leaving them to complete the line. Michael Jordan then lifts the page to ask if he can go home now.'] ['Casey Connor  is a photographer for the Herrington High School newspaper who is constantly picked on and has a crush on Delilah Profitt , the paper\'s editor. Delilah\'s boyfriend, Stan Rosado , quits the school\'s football team to pursue more academic ambitions, which angers Delilah and causes her to break up with him. Zeke Tyler , a student repeating his senior year who sells, among other illegal items, a cocaine-like drug of his own make, is confronted by Miss Elizabeth Burke , who expresses concern for him over his illegal activities. Marybeth Louise Hutchinson , a new girl in school, attempts to befriend Stokely "Stokes" Mitchell  and develops a crush on Zeke. While eating lunch on the football field, Casey notices a strange creature on the field. He takes it to Professor Furlong , where the specimen is examined and believed to be a new species of cephalopod. Delilah takes Casey into the teacher\'s lounge to find a story for the front page, where they hide in a closet and witness the coach  and the drama teacher  assault the school nurse  by forcing one of the creatures into her ear, as well as find the body of a teacher. Casey and Delilah flee and Casey calls the cops. Principal Drake  claims nothing is wrong and that Casey is seeking attention. The next day, Casey tells the others that he believes the teachers are being controlled by aliens, and goes to show them the creature he found, which is gone. When confronting Furlong about the creature, he gets defensive and attempts to infect them. Zeke cuts off Furlong\'s fingers before taking a pen full of his homemade drugs and injecting it into Furlong\'s eye, seemingly killing him. Realizing Casey is right and with the whole school potentially infected, even the football team and Stan\'s friend Gabe , Zeke takes everyone to his house where he performs experiments with a captured alien creature and realizes that it needs water tor survive and can be killed by his drugs because it is a diuretic. Zeke makes everyone take some of his drug to prove they\'re human, but Delilah reveals herself to be infected and destroys Zeke\'s lab and most of his drug supply before escaping. Acting on Stokes\' speculation that killing the queen would revert everyone to normal, the group returns to the school, where their football team is playing a game and infecting opposing players. Believing Principal Drake to be the queen, they isolate her in the gym and kill her. Stan goes outside to see if it worked, but is infected by the coach. With none of the drug left, Zeke realizes he still has some in his car and goes with Casey to get it. Casey leads the infected students away from Zeke, who encounters Ms. Burke in the parking lot and seemingly kills her when he makes his escape. Casey returns to the gym, where Marybeth reveals herself to be the queen, having faked taking the test earlier. Casey and Stokes flee into the pool where Stokes is injured and infected. Zeke and Casey flee into the locker room, where Zeke is knocked out. Casey takes the drug and tricks the queen into following him into the retracting bleachers, where he traps it and stabs the drug into its eye, killing it. One month later, everyone has returned to normal. Stan and Stokes begin dating, and Zeke takes Stan\'s place on the football team . Casey begins dating Delilah, and has become a local hero. Meanwhile, Professor Furlong is adjusting to life with one eye and missing fingers.'] ['The space armada from Mars, known as the Imperial Atomic Space Navy , fights an interstellar war against their long-time enemy, the Arcturans. The armada is forced into battle by Enforcer Droids, tasked to keep the Martian soldiers in line. Meanwhile, an incompetent crew of a small Martian spaceship, from the Civilian Asteroid Patrol, intercept a distress signal from the fleet, followed by a Halloween rebroadcast of Orson Welles\' 1938 The War of the Worlds radio dramatization. Mistaking this for a real invasion and not wanting to miss out on the glory, they land their ship in the tiny community of Big Bean, Illinois and begin their invasion of Earth. The ship\'s smart-mouthed pilot, Blaznee, with more common sense than the others, doesn\'t think it\'s a good idea, but he is ignored: Captain Bipto, the overzealous optimist of the group; Lieutenant Giggywig, the ambitious, know-it-all hothead; Dr. Ziplock, the careful and calculating scientist; and Corporal Pez, who is overeager, yet timid. They search for the invasion fleet they think has already landed. Because it\'s Halloween, everyone assumes just kids in very good costumes. Eventually, though, a few locals realize the truth. Among them is the town sheriff , his daughter  and an elderly farmer named Wrenchmuller . The sheriff finds out about the aliens when his deputy records their ship doing 3,000 mph. The deputy tracks down the ship to give the occupants tickets for having no license, no registration, no headlights, no taillight, no wheels, and going 2945 miles over the posted limit. The sheriff\'s daughter, Kathy, discovers the aliens when they join a group of trick-or-treating kids. She befriends the Martians\' "Scout-in-a-Can", a small robot that folds up into a sphere and is considered "smart, efficient, easy to use and expendable." Mr Wrenchmuller finds their ship crashed into his barn. Captain Bipto gets hit by a truck and turns a gas station attendant into his robotic slave. Giggywig, Ziplock and Pez try to blow up the town\'s Co-Op and instead just heat up a silos of popping corn, creating a gigantic hot air popcorn popper. Kathy\'s new friend, Brian captures Blaznee by hitting him with a trashcan lid. He then tries to help the alien repair his ship. Wrenchmuller tries to blow the ship up and gets trapped in a paralyzing beam. The desperate Martians try to blow the Earth up using the D.O.D. , but it falls apart instead. The Martians finally realize they made a horrible mistake. Things get worse when the ship\'s "hyperdriver" starts to go into meltdown, threatening to create a black-hole. Their ship\'s Enforcer Drone won\'t let them leave, making things even worse. The humans manage to destroy the Enforcer Drone with using dynamite and help the grateful "invaders" return to space. As an unintentional gift the Martians jettison their ship\'s sewage tank while flying over Wrenchmuller\'s field to lighten the load on their ship so that they can reach gravitational escape velocity. The alien manure rejuvenates the drought-stricken farmland and turns the regular green beans  into gigantic, 6 foot tall pods, enabling Wrenchmuller to save the town from greedy real-estate developers. As the Martians head home Captain Bipto suggests they go to Arcturus to "help torture prisoners", which is shot down by the rest of the crew.'] 