["Charles Farmer is a former astronaut-in-training who was discharged from the military before he could fulfill his dream of becoming a vital part of NASA. Having missed the opportunity to travel into space, he decides to build a replica of the historic Mercury-Atlas in the barn on his secluded ranch in the fictional town of Story, Texas, using all his assets and facing foreclosure as a result. When he begins making inquiries about purchasing rocket fuel, the FBI and FAA step in to investigate, and the ensuing publicity thrusts Farmer into the spotlight and makes him a media darling. Farmer's first launch is delayed by endless red tape created by government officials, who seek to stall him beyond his deadline to foreclose on the farm. Farmer is denied the fuel he wishes, which would be liquid hydrogen. His ranch facing financial ruin, he panics and somehow launches his rocket before it is ready and without the proper fuel. His rocket falls over and horizontally blasts out of an old wooden barn. Farmer nearly dies with head trauma and other injuries after his capsule is thrown from the rocket. Spectators and their vehicles are nearly crushed. During the months he spends recuperating, public interest in his project wanes, and when he recovers sufficiently to start anew, he is able to do so in relative privacy with the support of his wife Audrey, his son Shepard, and daughters Stanley and Sunshine. An inheritance left by his father-in-law Hal allows him to settle all his debts and finance reconstruction of his rocket which he succeeds in launching. The rocket rises out of the barn. After orbiting Earth nine times and suffering a brief period of a communication blackout, he returns safely and is given a hero's welcome home through the credits."] ['Monroe "Eagle" Cole  is a former President of the United States who retires to his vacation home in the town of Mooseport, Maine to escape the clutches of ex-wife Charlotte Cole . Harold \'Handy\' Harrison  is the local plumber of Mooseport, who also owns a hardware store. Following the death of the town mayor, the town council decides to approach former president Cole about running for the office. Cole agrees because, as it turns out, if he holds the office, his Mooseport house can serve as his office and, therefore, can no longer be divided up or sold off in his divorce settlement. Unbeknownst to Harrison, his name has also been entered into the race. When Harrison finds out Cole is running, he decides to step down, until he notices an unwitting Cole make a pass at Harrison\'s girlfriend of six years, veterinarian Dr. Sally Mannis , who recently broke up with him because he was taking the relationship too slow and had not yet proposed marriage to her. Handy believes that, by becoming mayor, he can show Sally he is a responsible decision maker and win her back. Tensions rise following the arrival of ex-wife and Cole campaign spoiler Charlotte. Cole\'s team, led by long-time executive secretary and eventual love interest Grace Sutherland  and presidential aide Will Bullard , bring in the big guns in the form of campaign strategist Bert Langdon , who becomes Cole\'s campaign manager as he complains of a boring life since Cole retired from the presidency. As the campaigns progress, Cole and Harrison each become obsessed with winning the race at all  costs, although Harrison refuses to resort to any dirty tricks, making Cole realize that in all his years of running for elections this may be his toughest as he is taking on an honest man. Eventually, on the night before the election, both candidates  urge the voters to vote for the other candidate by saying that neither of them will vote for themselves. Harrison fulfills his promise, but Cole votes for himself anyway. Upon the revelation that Cole won by one vote, his conscience gets the better of him and he concedes the match to Harrison. However, Harrison lies that he voted for himself as well, and declines office, so Cole ends up as mayor once again. Harrison then reveals to Sally that he conceded the election because Cole needs the mayorship more than he does and that all he really wanted was to propose marriage to her, which he does. As Handy is proposing to Sally, Monroe also proposes to Grace. The film ends with Bert Langdon telling Handy that he ran an excellent campaign and offers to be his campaign manager for Governor of Maine, which Handy jokingly shows some interest in when he realizes a governor has certain authority over mayors.'] ['In 1951, Sonny Crawford  and Duane Jackson  are small-town Texas high-school seniors. They are friends and co-captains of Anarene High School\'s football team and share a rooming house home and a battered old pickup truck. Duane is good-looking, amusing and popular, and dates Jacy Farrow , the prettiest  girl in town. Sonny is sensitive and caring, with a dumpy, unpleasant girlfriend, Charlene Duggs , whom he does not love; she shares his indifference, and they decide to call it quits. At Christmastime, Sonny stumbles into an affair with Ruth Popper , the depressed, middle-aged wife of his high-school coach, Coach Popper . At the sad little town Christmas dance, Jacy is invited by unsavory Lester Marlow  to a naked indoor pool party at the home of Bobby Sheen , a wealthy boy who seems to offer better prospects than Duane. Since Bobby is not interested in her as long as she is a virgin, she must get someone to have sex with her first. Duane and Sonny go on a road trip to Mexico — which happens entirely off-screen — and return to discover that Sam the Lion , their mentor and father-figure in town, has died of a stroke, leaving a will that bequeaths the town\'s movie theater to the woman who ran the concession stand, the café to its waitress, Genevieve , and the pool hall to Sonny. Jacy invites Duane to a motel for sex, but he is unable to perform; it takes a second attempt to alter her virginity status. Having got what she wants from Duane, she breaks up with him by phone, and he eventually joins the Army. When Bobby elopes with another girl, Jacy is alone again, and out of boredom has sex with Abilene , her mother\'s lover. When Jacy hears of Sonny\'s affair with Ruth, she sets her sights on him and Ruth gets nudged out very quickly. Sonny gets injured with a broken bottle in a fight with Duane, who still considers Jacy "his" girl. Jacy pretends to be impressed that Sonny would fight over her and suggests they elope. On their way to their honeymoon, they are stopped by an Oklahoma state trooper — apparently Jacy left a note telling her parents all about their plan. The couple is fetched back to Anarene by her father and mother in separate automobiles. On the trip back, Jacy\'s mother Lois  admits to Sonny she was Sam the Lion\'s erstwhile paramour and tells him he was much better off with Ruth Popper than with Jacy. Duane returns to town for a visit before shipping out for Korea. He and Sonny are among the meager group attending the final screening at Sam\'s old movie house, which is no longer a viable business. The next morning, after Sonny sees Duane off on the Trailways bus, young Billy , another of the town\'s innocents protected over the years by Sam the Lion, is run over and killed as he sweeps the street. Sonny flees back to Ruth, whom he has been ignoring since Jacy stole him away months earlier. Her first reaction is to show her hurt and anger, then the two slip into a haunting, beatific calm in her familiar kitchen.'] ['Alvin Straight has not shown up to his regular bar meeting with his friends. He is eventually found lying on his floor at home, although he insists that he "just needs a bit of help getting up". His daughter Rose takes her reluctant father to see a doctor, who sternly admonishes Alvin to give up alcohol and tobacco. He also tells Alvin that he should start using a walker. Alvin refuses, and does not tell Rose. Alvin then learns that his brother Lyle has suffered a stroke. Longing to visit him, but unable to drive, Alvin gradually develops a plan to travel to Mount Zion on his "ancient" riding lawn-mower and towing a small homemade travel-trailer, to the consternation of his family and friends. Alvin\'s first attempt fails: after experiencing difficulty starting the old mower\'s motor, he doesn\'t get far before the machine finally breathes its last, and he is forced to flag down a passing bus. Alvin arranges for his mower to be transported back home on a flatbed truck , where he takes out his frustrations on the mower by blowing up its motor and gas tank with a well-aimed shotgun blast. At the John Deere store, he purchases a newer replacement lawn tractor from a salesman  who is generous but describes Alvin as being reputed a smart man, \'until now. \' Alvin continues on his quest. He passes a young female hitchhiker who later approaches his campfire and says that she could not get a ride. In conversation, Alvin astutely deduces that she is pregnant  and has run away from home. He reveals more information about his daughter: one night somebody was watching Rose\'s children and there was a fire and one of her sons got badly burned; the state then decided that Rose was not competent to look after her children and took them away from her. Alvin tells the hitchhiker about the importance of family by describing a bundle of sticks that is hard to break . The next day Alvin emerges from the trailer to find that his hitchhiker friend has left him a bundle of sticks tied together, implying that she plans to return home to her own family. He continues with his journey. Alvin enjoys watching a rainstorm from the shelter of an abandoned farmhouse. The next scene shows Alvin as a huge group of RAGBRAI cyclists race past him. He later arrives at the cyclists\' camp and he is greeted with applause. He speaks with them about growing old. When he is asked about the worst part of being old, he replies \'remembering when you was young. \' The next day, Alvin is troubled by the massive trucks passing him. He then interacts with a distraught woman who has hit a deer, and is being driven to distraction by the fact that she continually hits deer while commuting, no matter how hard she tries to avoid them. She drives away in a tearful huff, and Alvin, who had started to run short of food, cooks and eats the deer, then mounts the antlers above the rear doorway of his trailer as a tribute to the deer and the human sustenance it had provided. In the next scene, Alvin\'s brakes fail as he travels down a steep hill; he struggles to maintain control of the speeding tractor and finally manages to bring the vehicle to a complete stop. Some townspeople help get Alvin\'s mower and trailer off the road. They later discover that the mower also has transmission problems. Now beginning to run low on cash, Alvin borrows a cordless phone from a homeowner - gently but resolutely refusing an invitation to come indoors - and calls Rose to ask her to send him his Social Security check. He then leaves money on the doorstep to pay for his long-distance telephone call. A local motorist offers Alvin a ride the rest of the way to Lyle\'s, but Alvin declines, stating that he prefers to travel his own way. An elderly war veteran takes him into town for a drink, and Alvin tells a story about how he is haunted by a memory of accidentally shooting one of his military comrades. Alvin\'s tractor is fixed and he is presented with an exorbitant bill by the mechanics, who are twins and are constantly bickering. Alvin successfully negotiates the price down, and explains his mission, which he calls \'a hard swallow to [my] pride\', but \'A brother is a brother. \' The mechanic twins seem to relate to this, realizing that they should make peace, also. Later, Alvin camps in a cemetery and chats with a priest. The priest recognizes Lyle\'s name and is aware of his stroke. The priest says that Lyle did not mention that he had a brother. Alvin replies that \'neither one of us has had a brother for quite some time.\' Alvin wants to make peace with Lyle and is emphatic that whatever happened ten years ago does not matter anymore. "I say, \'Amen\' to that, Brother" the priest replies. The next obstacle that Alvin must overcome is apparent engine trouble, just a few miles from Lyle\'s house. Alvin stops in the middle of the road, unsure of how to proceed. A large farm tractor driving by then stops to help, but fortunately this time the problem was evidently just a few drops of bad gas, because the lawn-tractor\'s engine sputters to life again after sitting for a few minutes. The gracious farmer then leads the way on his own tractor, and drives along slowly ahead of Alvin during the final leg of his journey to make sure he gets there okay. Lyle\'s house is dilapidated. Using his two canes, Alvin makes his way to the door. He calls for his brother. At first Lyle does not appear and Alvin expresses relief when he does. The two brothers make contact, one with a walker and one with two canes. Lyle invites Alvin to sit down. Lyle looks at Alvin\'s mower-tractor contraption and asks if Alvin has ridden that thing just to see him. Lyle is moved. The two men sit and look at the stars, as they had done as children.'] ['Harry Coombes  is an elderly widower who is forced from his Upper West Side apartment in New York City when his building is condemned. He initially stays with his son\'s family in the suburbs but eventually chooses to travel cross country with his pet cat "Tonto" in tow. Initially planning to fly to Chicago, he instead boards a long-distance bus, then later impulsively buys a used car to continue the journey. During his episodic journey, he befriends a Bible-quoting hitchhiker ([[Michael Butler , travels with underage runaway Ginger , visits his daughter , a bookstore owner in Chicago, and drops in on an early sweetheart in a retirement home who suffers from dementia. Later he accepts a ride with a health-food salesman, spends a night in jail with a friendly Native Indian chief, and finally meets his youngest son  in Los Angeles, where he tutors children and is invited to room with a friendly widow. His cat figures prominently throughout the film.'] ['In the opening scene, Hughes loses control of and crashes his motorcycle in the Nevada desert. That night, he\'s discovered lying on the side of a stretch of U.S. Highway 95 where Dummar stops his pickup truck so he can relieve himself. The disheveled stranger, refusing to allow the Good Samaritan to take him for medical help, asks him to drive him to Las Vegas. En route, the two engage in stilted conversation until Dummar cajoles his passenger into joining him in singing a Christmas song he wrote. The man warms up to his rescuer and before he\'s dropped off at the Sands Hotel, he identifies himself as the reclusive billionaire. Most of the remainder of the film focuses on Melvin\'s scattered, up-and-down life, his spendthrift, trust-in-luck nature, his rocky marital life with first wife Lynda, and his more stable relationship with second wife Bonnie. Lynda leaves him and their daughter to dance in a sleazy strip club, but eventually returns, but she remains frustrated by her husband\'s futile efforts to achieve the American dream. Melvin convinces her to appear on Easy Street, a game show hybrid of The Gong Show and Let\'s Make a Deal, and although her tapdancing initially is booed by the audience, she wins them over and nabs the top prize of living room furniture, a piano, and $10,000 cash. Melvin agrees to invest in an affordable house in a new development, but while Lynda tries to keep their finances under control, he rashly buys a new car and a boat, prompting her to take their daughter and toddler son and sue for divorce. Melvin is comforted by Bonnie, the payroll clerk at the dairy where he drives a truck, and the two eventually wed and move to Utah, where they take over the operation of a service station her relatives had owned. One day, a mysterious man in a limousine stops at the station ostensibly to buy a pack of cigarettes, but after he drives off Melvin discovers an envelope marked "Last Will and Testament of Howard Hughes" on his office desk. Afraid to open it, he takes it to Mormon headquarters and secretes it in a pile of incoming mail. It doesn\'t take long for the media to descend upon him and his family, and eventually Melvin finds himself in court, admitting he once met Hughes but vigorously denying he forged the will that finally fulfills his dreams.'] ["Bowie, a youthful convicted murderer, and bank robbers Chicamaw and T-Dub escape from a Mississippi chain gang in the 1930s. They hole up with a gas station attendant and continue robbing banks. Bowie, who is injured in an auto accident, takes refuge with the daughter of the gas station attendant, Keechie. They become romantically involved but their relationship is strained by Bowie's refusal to turn his back on crime. Chicamaw is eventually recaptured and T-Dub is killed while waiting in his car for his wife. Bowie poses as a sheriff's deputy to spring Chickamaw from jail. But he quickly becomes disgusted with the violent, raving Chicamaw and abandons him on the side of the road. The Texas Rangers catch up with Bowie, who is betrayed by a motel keeper. He meets a violent end. Keechie carries on, pregnant with Bowie's baby."] ['An unseen narrator  looks back to the year 1956, on Staten Island in New York, to one Buddy Visalo , an Italian guy with "Ralph Kramdenesque" dreams. Buddy is a wannabe crooner . Buddy had nearly been discovered by Arthur Godfrey ten years earlier  when he performed at a USO show while in the service. His fiancée, Estelle , gave him a Hobson\'s choice: “Who\'s it gonna be, Buddy, Arthur Godfrey or me?” In a decision he’ll live to regret the rest of his life, he chooses Estelle, and over the next 10 years tries all sorts of schemes to get ahead. “I just wanna be somebody!” he’ll declare. Italian-American Buddy decides to buy a dilapidated two-family house in the Irish section of town, intending to live upstairs with his wife Estelle and run a bar downstairs, where he could live out a smaller version of his dream, singing along to a "Music Minus One" jukebox . Estelle has no confidence in Buddy, just wants a “normal” blue-collar husband who, most of all, won\'t "embarrass" her by doing anything to make himself stand out, and manages to undermine his plans time and time again. He discovers, to his dismay and her horror, that the upstairs Irish tenants, a drunken, violent older man (played by [[Kevin Conway  and his very pregnant young wife (played by Kelly Macdonald of [[Trainspotting  refuse to move and won\'t pay rent. When the baby is born, it\'s clear his father was black – and the much older, drunken Irish husband immediately skulks off, knowing it\'s not his child. Buddy evicts mother and child, then feels guilt and sets her up in a flat while she sorts out an adoption. Estelle\'s lack of faith, the small-minded prejudices and low ambitions of his “friends,” the Irish lass\'s spirit, Buddy\'s dream, racial prejudice, and the baby\'s fate play out in an engaging story with real chemistry between the leads and a message that ultimately exemplifies a Joseph Campbell-like "Follow your bliss."'] ['In the late summer of 1962, recent high school graduates and longtime friends Curt Henderson and Steve Bolander meet John Milner and Terry "The Toad" Fields at the local Mel\'s Drive-In parking lot. Despite receiving a $2,000 scholarship from the local Moose lodge, Curt is undecided if he wants to leave the next morning with Steve to go to the Northeastern United States to begin college. Steve lets Toad borrow his 1958 Chevy Impala for the evening and while he will be away at college. Steve\'s girlfriend Laurie, who is also Curt\'s younger sister, is unsure of Steve leaving, to which he suggests they see other people while he is away to "strengthen" their relationship. Curt, Steve and Laurie go to the local sock hop, while Toad and Milner begin cruising. En route to the hop, Curt sees a beautiful blonde girl in a white 1956 Ford Thunderbird. She mouths "I love you" before disappearing down the street. After leaving the hop, Curt is desperate to find the mysterious blonde, but is coerced by a group of greasers  through an initiation rite that involves hooking a chain to a police car and successfully ripping out its back axle. Curt is told rumors that The Blonde is either a trophy wife or prostitute, which he immediately refuses to accept. Steve and Laurie break up following a series of arguments, and Milner inadvertently picks up Carol, an annoying teenybopper who seems fond of him. Toad, who is normally socially inept with girls, meets a flirtatious and somewhat rebellious girl named Debbie. Meanwhile, Curt learns that DJ Wolfman Jack broadcasts from just outside of Modesto, and inside the dark, eerie radio station, Curt encounters a bearded man he assumes to be the manager. Curt hands the man a message for The Blonde to call him or meet him. As he walks away, Curt hears the voice of The Wolfman and, seeing him broadcasting, realizes he had been speaking with him. The other story lines intertwine until Toad and Steve end up on "Paradise Road" to watch Milner race against the handsome but arrogant Bob Falfa, with Laurie as Falfa\'s passenger. Within seconds Falfa loses control of his car after blowing a front tire, plunges into a ditch and rolls his car. Steve and Milner run to the wreck, and a dazed Bob and Laurie stagger out of the car before it explodes. Distraught, Laurie grips Steve tightly and tells him not to leave her. He assures her that he has decided not to leave Modesto after all. The next morning, Curt is awakened by the sound of a phone ringing in a telephone booth, which turns out to be The Blonde. She tells him she might see him cruising tonight, but Curt replies that is not possible, because he will be leaving. At the airfield, he says goodbye to his parents, his sister and friends. As the plane takes off, Curt, gazing out of the window, sees the white Ford Thunderbird belonging to the mysterious Blonde. Prior to the end credits, an on-screen epilogue reveals that John was killed by a drunk driver in December 1964, Terry was reported missing in action near An Lộc in December 1965, Steve is an insurance agent in Modesto, California, and Curt is a writer living in Canada.'] ["George  is s a Montana teen whose sanity is deteriorating due to his parent's marital woes. He links up with Lucy , a runaway headed for Wyoming with a dark background, who is trying to get her brother out of jail. George tries to help her, but finds himself crossing paths with people even more emotionally disturbed than his mother and father."] ['A Kentucky woman whose mine-worker husband is nearly killed in a cave-in, and whose father is slowly dying of black lung, joins the picket lines for a long, violent strike.'] ['The film, set over the course of four consecutive New Year\'s Eves from 1964 to 1967 depicts scenes from each of these years, intertwined with one another as though events happen simultaneously. The audience is protected from confusion by the use of a distinct cinematic style for each section. For example, the 1966 sequences echo the movie of Woodstock using split screens and multiple angles of the same event simultaneously on screen, the 1965 sequences  shot hand-held on grainy super 16 mm film designed to resemble war reporters\' footage. The film attempts to memorialize the 1960s with sequences that recreate the sense and style of those days with references to Haight-Ashbury, the campus peace movement, the beginnings of the modern woman\'s liberation movement and the accompanying social revolt. One character burned his draft card showing a younger audience what so many Americans had done on the television news ten years before the movie\'s release. Other characters are shown frantically disposing of their marijuana before a traffic stop as a police officer pulls them over, and another scene shows the police brutality with billy clubs during an anti-Vietnam protest. The listed fates of the main characters at the ending sequence of American Graffiti were updated again at the end of this sequel. In More American Graffiti, John Milner was revealed to have been killed by a drunk driver in December 1964 , with the ending scene of the movie driving his trademark yellow Deuce at night along a lonely highway toward another vehicle\'s headlights, and is never seen going further, hinting that the crash was in that vicinity. Set on New Year\'s Eve 1964, it is never actually shown that his tragic end comes after his racing win on the last day of the year, very probably instead into the first few moments of 1965, given that the 1967 segment was just barely into 1968. The anniversary of John\'s death is mentioned in both the 1965 and 1966 sequences. Terry "The Toad" Fields\' classification as "missing in action" is not explored in greater detail since the movie shows that he faked his own death. The ending sequence would have read "killed in action" had the story ended there. Terry is believed to be dead by his superiors in 1965 and by his friends – Debbie in 1966 and Steve and Laurie in 1967. Joe Young , Toad\'s war partner, vividly meets his death with a sniper\'s bullet to the chest in one scene after having promised to make Terry a Pharaoh once they get back from Vietnam. The relationship of Steve and Laurie is strained by Laurie\'s insistence that she start her own career, though Steve forbids it saying he wants her to be a mom to their young twins. Free-spirited Debbie "Deb" Dunham has turned from Old Harper to marijuana and has given up her platinum blonde persona for a hippie/groupie one in a long, strange trip that ends with her performing with a country-and-western music group. Wolfman Jack briefly reprised his role, but in voice only. The drag racing scenes for More American Graffiti were filmed at the Fremont Raceway, later Baylands Raceway Park , in Fremont, California.'] ['Bert Rigby is a miner in a small dying town of Langmore in northern England, with aspirations to show business. He tells the story in flashback, while sitting in a bar. He lives with his mother, a musical fan, and next door to his sweetheart, Laurel Pennington. She lives above the pub where she works, and they have a bomb shelter straddling their back yards where they have secret meetings. While his fellows are on strike once again, Bert decides to try his luck in show-biz. He gets his chance when he performs in an amateur show, singing "Isn\'t It Romantic?", and his first appearance on stage goes all wrong, when his nose starts bleeding after an injury sustained playing football - but the audience loves him anyway. So he starts as a comedian in a traveling amateur show for $50 a night, touring around the country with his manager, Sid Trample, and Sid\'s wife Tess. Bert repeats the act he did in his first appearance, until he tires of it and starts doing a Buster Keaton imitation. During the tour they come across a crew filming a contraceptives commercial. One day Bert gets an offer from an ad director from Hollywood and flies to America with Sid, expecting a great career ... and again leaving behind his pregnant young wife. Bert is calling Laurel when he is about to leave, and when he has to break off, he swears when he discovers his bags are missing, leaving Laurel with a misunderstanding. In Hollywood they film a commercial with him playing Buster Keaton, and directed by Kyle DeForest, the same director he had seen filming the contraceptives commercial, but the ad is dropped when a demographic survey reveals that most of the target audience had never heard of Keaton. Bert phone\'s Laurel to apologize, but he swears again when he slips on the wet bathroom floor, causing yet more misunderstanding. Bert then discovers that Sid has left him high and dry, and stranded in America, they part ways. Bert then works as a pizza deliveryman, where he encounters a group of thugs, and then as a nightclub comic, where he defends a Hispanic man against a loutish patron. The grateful Hispanic hires Bert to work as a tree pruner. There he meets Meredith, the hot-to-trot wife of movie mogul I.I. Perlestein. When Bert is fired from his job as a tree pruner, he is then hired by Perlestein to work as a servant in their house, and to act as a technical advisor to Jim Shirley, a caddish Hollywood star who is playing a Briton in a film. While fending off the advances of Meredith, Bert forms a bond with Shirleys\' son. Then Bert phones Laurel, and during their conversation, he has a dream where he sings to her "Dream a Little Dream of Me." The Perlestein\'s have a dinner party at their house, with Bert acting as the servant. The party becomes a disaster when the curtain hiding a priceless masterpiece is set on fire. The flashback ends, and the bartender tells Bert that the person he has been telling his story to does not speak English. Bert then dances in the bar, which catches the attention of an ad producer. Bert eventually returns to England in triumph, with a showing of his song-and-dance Crown Royal commercial in the town theatre. The commercial is followed by Bert doing a rendition of "Puttin\' on the Ritz."'] ['According to an Inc. Magazine article in January 2006, the film is a thriller that revolves around the murder of a young single mother who works at the "Lee Middelton" doll factory. The movie is about three people living along the Ohio River who are just able to make ends meet. The first character is Martha , a portly middle-aged woman seen getting ready for work and taking care of her elderly father. On the way to work at the doll factory, she picks up a co-worker, Kyle . He is probably Martha\'s only friend, as she has to spend most of her time working and taking care of her father. Kyle is a tall young man who is intensely shy and very quiet, although he opens up with Martha. In order to meet demand, the doll factory hires Rose , an attractive single mother. Martha appears to dislike Rose from the beginning, perhaps feeling threatened by Kyle\'s staring at the younger woman. Rose has a two-year old daughter and used to work in a nursing home. Rose irritates Martha by asking her for a ride to her second job. Martha found Rose "pushy" from the beginning. Rose asks Martha if she would like to make a little extra money, as she has a date and needs a baby-sitter. Martha accepts but frames her response as if she is doing Rose the favor. It is not until Kyle arrives to pick Rose up that Martha learns the identity of Rose\'s date. Martha later says to Rose that being so surprised made her feel like an idiot. During the date Kyle and Rose share that they each dropped out of high school, Kyle because of having social anxiety disorder and Rose because she wanted to rebel. Later in the evening, at Kyle\'s house, Rose sifts through his drawers and steals some cash while Kyle is grabbing a couple of beers to drink. When Kyle drops Rose off at home, he refuses to go inside with her because he felt a "weird vibe" from Martha earlier. As soon as Rose enters her house, her ex-boyfriend  barges in and accuses her of stealing money from his house. They get in a shouting match and he eventually leaves. Martha was sitting on the couch while they argued and after he leaves, she asks Rose if that was her daughter\'s father. Rose angrily tells her to mind her own business. The next morning the cops are at Rose\'s house. They say that the neighbors found her dead when they heard her baby crying. There is no sign of forced entry. Strangulation bruises on her neck suggest that she was murdered. A detective questions Rose\'s ex-boyfriend and Kyle, who each claim to know nothing about the murder. During this time, Martha is pawning some of her family jewelry in order to afford some fishing equipment as a gift for Kyle. When she arrives at Kyle\'s house to give him the gift, he tells her of Rose\'s murder. Surprised, she says she knows nothing. When the detective talks to her, she repeats that. and she relates the same thing. During follow-up questioning, the detective tells Martha that the fingerprints found around Rose\'s neck match hers. He tells her to confess, as there can be no doubt as to the murderer\'s identity. Martha maintains her innocence. As the story progresses, the detective visits Martha\'s father, who is being cared for by someone else . When the detective tells Martha\'s father of her arrest, he is shocked. Kyle visits Martha in prison. As they sit with a glass wall between them, conversing on telephones, Martha pleads with him to help her. She swears that she doesn\'t know what happened and that she did not murder Rose. Kyle appears wary of Martha. Later, in her jail cell, she sees herself in a vision standing over Rose\'s dead body, as she mutters, "Oh my God." *Deleted scenes include an alternate ending in which Martha has a CAT scan, which shows she has a severely malignant tumor in her brain. The doctor explains that the tumor could cause blackouts and highly abnormal behavior.'] ["Louis Pinnock  is a struggling urban factory worker. In this alternative reality, it is a large underclass of white Americans who live in rundown, crime-infested ghettos and face prejudice from the broader society, while the comfortable middle and upper class is predominantly black. In an effort to go above and beyond in his position , in the candy factory in which he works, Pinnock delivers a package for his boss, to successful  Thaddeus Thomas . After Pinnock accidentally sees Thomas's wife coming out of the shower, he is subsequently fired, beaten up by the police and forced to watch his family evicted. In a radical quest for justice, Pinnock kidnaps Thomas, which forces the two men to bond, as well as argue over race relations and the roots of social inequality."] ['The true story of Kent Stock , who in the early 1990s, takes the job of a lifetime as head coach of the Norway High School baseball team, a school which had won 19 State titles and equated baseball with life. Kent must win over his players and convince them and himself that he can fill their former coach\'s shoes all while dealing with the reality that this will be the team\'s final season due to an impending merger with a nearby school. In the summer of 1991, Norway High\'s baseball tradition ended on a triumphant but somber note. The film depicts the Norway School District merging with the "Madison School District". Norway actually was consolidated into the Benton Community School District.'] ['The Leningrad Cowboys, a band with foot-long quiff hairstyles and long Winklepicker shoes to match, are seeking success in Siberia, but nobody seems to like their music. Thwarted by a lack of local commercial potential, they are encouraged to move to America, for people will "buy anything" there. They depart for New York, bringing with them a band member who had frozen the previous night while practicing outside. They arrive at the CBGB bar in Manhattan. An agent offers them a gig at a wedding in Mexico and recommends that they change their musical style to rock and roll. They buy a used Cadillac, strap the coffin carrying their frozen band member onto the roof and set off to earn their way through the Deep South, adapting their musical style to suit local tastes at each new location. All the while they are being driven on and exploited by their money and food hoarding manager Vladimir , who has a seemingly unlimited supply of beer in the ice-filled coffin. Unknown to them, they are being pursued by the village idiot, Igor , who idolizes the band and has followed them from Siberia. During the trip, the band spends time in jail, has their car engine stolen, causes a nightclub to close after playing an unsuccessful show, and reunites with a long-lost cousin . They eventually make it to Mexico and their wedding gig, where the thawing bass guitarist is revived with a shot of tequila and joins the group on stage. The manager wanders off, but the band finally finds success in Mexico, making the top ten.'] ['The movie opens with scenes of a racially mixed neighborhood and their various activities, like hand rhymes, double Dutch, tag, street races, and even the neighborhood children watching the teenagers of their block make out in the alleyways of their block. Nine-year-old Troy  and her older brothers Clinton , Wendell , Nate , and her younger brother, Joseph  are introduced as their father Woody  is blowing a horn to call them in from playing to eat dinner. Their mother, Carolyn  is introduced as well. Dinner takes place during which we find out that the Carmichaels\' next-door neighbor, "Tony Eyes"  seems to be somewhat of a nuisance to the family, which includes continuously singing while they are eating dinner. That night, Carolyn comes home and comedically wakes all of the children up out of their sleep because the kitchen was not cleaned. There\'s some argument naturally on the part of the children to which Clinton says, "I\'d rather have a father than a mother any day". The next day, the neighborhood junkies are introduced: Snuffy  and Right Hand Man , who are glue sniffers. Tommy La La , Clinton, Nate and a couple of their neighborhood friends are sitting on the Carmichael stoop while listening to the radio and playing a baseball board game. Tommy La La takes a bottle and throws it at the door of Tony Eyes while yelling homophobic slurs. This starts an argument because Clinton says the Carmichael children always get blamed for the mess on his property. The argument ends as Vic Powell , a war vet, comes home and greets everyone. Vic is renting the upstairs apartment from the Carmichaels. Carolyn comes out to see what is wrong, and Tony Eyes tells her that Wendell and her kids are always throwing trash into his area. Carolyn responds by telling him that he and his home are nasty. The arguments continue as the neighborhood kids jump in. Tony Eyes is still yelling and arguing when Vic comes downstairs and tells him to shut up. In anger, he punches Tony in the face and goes back into the house. Troy sneaks out and goes to the corner store to get candy. While in the store, she is intrigued by a woman  and one of the store owners dancing erotically in the store. As Troy leaves the store to walk back home, she sees Vic getting arrested for punching Tony Eyes. One night, Woody and Carolyn are downstairs arguing because Woody\'s music is not providing for the family and Carolyn, a schoolteacher is the sole provider. They are also arguing because Woody caused the family to have bounced checks. The argument escalates as Carolyn yells upstairs for the children to turn off the TV because it is a school night. She charges upstairs with Woody following and turns off the TV. A defiant Clinton argues with Carolyn and turns on the TV. Carolyn grabs him up for disobeying and disrespecting her and Woody grabs her and carries her out of the room. Everyone is in on the fight as Woody is dragging Carolyn down the stairs and Nate is jumping on Woody\'s back. The other children have a hold of Carolyn pulling her in the opposite direction and Carolyn hurts her ankle in the struggle. Woody yells and everyone gets quiet as he expresses his need to respect for his work in the house. Carolyn kicks him out of the house. Woody comes over the next morning and brings flowers for Troy to give to Carolyn. Troy brings the flowers to Carolyn, and soon she and Woody get back together. They all decide to go on a trip to get out of the neighborhood but as they are leaving a worker from Con Ed comes by to shut off the electricity because the bill is unpaid. The trip is postponed and because of the situation, the family has to use candles for light. A few days later, the family leaves Brooklyn to take Nate and Troy down South to stay with relatives. Troy stays with her cousin Viola , who was adopted by Uncle Clem  and Aunt Song . Troy doesn\'t want to stay, but she does it to appease her mother. Troy eventually starts having fun with Viola despite a dislike of Aunt Song and her beloved dog, Queenie. On Troy\'s 10th birthday, she gets a letter from Carolyn  telling her about the happenings in the neighborhood since the weeks she\'s been away. After reading the letter, Troy decides she wants to go home. Meanwhile, Aunt Song has been looking for her lost dog, Queenie all day. At Troy\'s birthday sleep-over the small dead dog is located when she pops out having been accidentally closed into the fold-out couch which deeply upsets Aunt Song. When Troy returns to Brooklyn picked up from the airport by her Aunt Maxine  and Uncle Brown  she is eventually told her mother is in the hospital and is taken to see her. Later, Woody takes Troy home and Troy decides to clean & mop the kitchen without being told. Later that evening, Woody tells the kids that Carolyn is sicker than originally thought and must stay in the hospital for more tests. The boys cry, but Troy remains stoic. In the next scene, Troy walks through a public park with her brothers while singing a children\'s gospel song she learned at her cousin\'s down South. One of her brothers wonder\'s aloud if they might have to dress up for their mother\'s funeral revealing either Carolyn has died or is near death. The day of the funeral Troy is approached by her Aunt Maxine  and tries to coax her into trying the new clothes she\'s brought. Troy lashes out angrily that her mother would never let her wear polyester. Troy announces she is not going to the funeral when Woody calls her down. Woody explains that they\'re all in pain but Carolyn would want them all together at church. At the house gathering after the funeral, Troy is withdrawn when Clinton  approaches her and silently takes her hand to comfort her, showing a small sign of kindness. Joseph comes inside crying, saying that Snuffy and Right Hand Man are making fun of him because their mother was dead and they robbed him. Following her mother\'s wishes to protect her younger brother, Troy goes outside with a baseball bat and hits Snuffy in the head drawing blood. Much like her mother Troy tells him to go sniff glue on his own block. Early the next morning, Troy is restless as she dreams she\'s hearing her mother\'s voice shouting. She goes downstairs saying she doesn\'t like it when her parents fight, but instead sees it\'s her father making a racket trying to kill a rat in the kitchen. Troy not fully awake says "Mommy?" Woody tells her Mommy\'s gone and that its all right to cry. Troy runs to the bathroom to throw-up and Woody consoles her. Woody says that they\'ve all been wondering when she was going to break, meaning to finally show her grief. He says that even Clinton has cried. Troy concludes that its good that her mother isn\'t still in a lot of pain. This scene is scored with the song "Ain\'t No Sunshine When She\'s Gone." There are scenes of the neighborhood continuing to play much like the beginning of the movie. Troy is sitting in Carolyn\'s old barber\'s chair with Joseph sitting in her lap while she combs his hair the way Carolyn did. Then, Carolyn is seen sitting on the stoop narrating a letter that Troy imagines is meant for her, encouraging her from beyond on how she can\'t believe that she\'s 10 now and how she\'s proud of the way she\'s growing up. Troy is coping with her mother\'s absence by imagining that her mother is only away and can still write to her the way she did when Troy was down South. Her fantasy is interrupted when the neighborhood kids come to the window for Joseph. Troy tells him not to go far because dinner is almost ready. Troy surveys the neighborhood as Carolyn used to from the stoop. The end credits play over old footage of episodes of "Soul Train" with its original closing music. The score then changes to a contemporary rap song written for the film by The Crooklyn Dodgers featuring Special Ed, Buckshot and Masta Ace. The dancers of the original "Soul Train" series seem to keep time with and dance to the contemporary rap music.'] ['The story is about the skid row citizens of Monterey, California, set on the row during World War II. As declining fish stocks are shutting down a previously rich fishery and the dependent canning industry, bums and hookers lead colorful and adventurous lives in a balmy seaside setting. Doc , a self-employed marine biologist, lives in a dockside warehouse and researches octopi. Suzy DeSoto , a girl from the local bordello, is working there only out of necessity. A collection of linked vignettes describe the locals and life on Cannery Row. It is depicted as an impoverished area inhabited by a motley band of people who have experienced failures but somehow have found their niche and a community of strangely kindred souls. Doc and Suzy don’t quite fit in, but are accepted. Even when good intentions turn bad -- e.g., Mac and the boys gather frogs and sell them to give a surprise party for Doc, which turns into a brawl breaking Doc’s microscope -- they make things right by replacing it with a telescope. The deeper mystery and message revolves around why Doc stays in Cannery Row. Suzy discovers that Doc was once a professional baseball pitcher but quit. Another character, the Seer , spends his days playing his horn. He depends on the gifts that mysteriously appear, such as groceries. Suzy eventually learns that the Seer is a former baseball player whom Doc injured with a pitch to the head. Doc takes care of him. And Doc and Suzy ultimately find love.'] ["In the Great Depression era, the Board of Directors of Thomas Dickson's bank want Dickson  to merge with New York Trust and resign. He refuses. One night, Dickson's bank is robbed of $100,000. The suspect is Matt Brown ([[Pat O'Brien , an ex-convict whom Dickson hired and appointed Chief Teller. Brown, who's very loyal to Dickson, refuses to say where he was that night. He actually has two witnesses for his alibi, Mrs. Dickson  and fellow worker Cyril Cluett , but Brown is protecting Dickson from finding out that Mrs. Dickson was with Cluett having a romantic evening. Cluett, who has a $50,000 gambling debt, is actually responsible for the robbery, but lets Brown take the rap. Word of the robbery causes a run on the bank, but friends of the banker come to his aid, and the bank is saved."] ['The governor of an unnamed western state, Hubert "Happy" Hopper , has to pick a replacement for recently deceased U.S. Senator Sam Foley. His corrupt political boss, Jim Taylor ([[Edward Arnold , pressures Hopper to choose his handpicked stooge, while popular committees want a reformer, Henry Hill. The governor\'s children want him to select Jefferson Smith , the head of the Boy Rangers. Unable to make up his mind between Taylor\'s stooge and the reformer, Hopper decides to flip a coin. When it lands on edge – and next to a newspaper story on one of Smith\'s accomplishments – he chooses Smith, calculating that his wholesome image will please the people while his naïveté will make him easy to manipulate.  Junior Senator Smith is taken under the wing of the publicly esteemed, but secretly crooked, Senator Joseph Paine , who was Smith\'s late father\'s oldest and best friend. Smith develops an immediate attraction to the senator\'s daughter, Susan . At Senator Paine\'s home, Smith has a conversation with Susan, fidgeting and bumbling, entranced by the young socialite. Smith\'s naïve and honest nature allows the unforgiving Washington press to take advantage of him, quickly tarnishing Smith\'s reputation with ridiculous front page pictures and headlines branding him a bumpkin. To keep Smith busy, Paine suggests he propose a bill. With the help of his secretary, Clarissa Saunders , who was the aide to Smith\'s predecessor and had been around Washington and politics for years, Smith comes up with a bill to authorize a federal government loan to buy some land in his home state for a national boys\' camp, to be paid back by youngsters across America. Donations pour in immediately. However, the proposed campsite is already part of a dam-building graft scheme included in an appropriations bill framed by the Taylor "political machine" and supported by Senator Paine. Unwilling to crucify the worshipful Smith so that their graft plan will go through, Paine tells Taylor he wants out, but Taylor reminds him that Paine is in power primarily through Taylor\'s influence. Through Paine, the machine in his state accuses Smith of trying to profit from his bill by producing fraudulent evidence that Smith already owns the land in question. Smith is too shocked by Paine\'s betrayal to defend himself, and runs away. Saunders, who looked down on Smith at first, but has come to believe in him, talks him into launching a filibuster to postpone the appropriations bill and prove his innocence on the Senate floor just before the vote to expel him. In his last chance to prove his innocence, he talks non-stop for about 24 hours, reaffirming the American ideals of freedom and disclosing the true motives of the dam scheme. Yet, none of the Senators are convinced. The constituents try to rally around him, but the entrenched opposition is too powerful, and all attempts are crushed. Owing to the influence of Taylor\'s machine, newspapers and radio stations in Smith\'s home state, on Taylor\'s orders, refuse to report what Smith has to say and even distort the facts against the senator. An effort by the Boy Rangers to spread the news in support of Smith results in vicious attacks on the children by Taylor\'s minions. Although all hope seems lost, the senators begin to pay attention as Smith approaches utter exhaustion. Paine has one last card up his sleeve: he brings in bins of letters and telegrams from Smith\'s home state, purportedly from average people demanding his expulsion. Nearly broken by the news, Smith finds a small ray of hope in a friendly smile from the President of the Senate ([[Harry Carey . Smith vows to press on until people believe him, but immediately collapses in a faint. Overcome with guilt, Paine leaves the Senate chamber and attempts to commit suicide by shooting himself. When he is stopped, he bursts back into the Senate chamber, loudly confessing to the whole scheme, and affirms Smith\'s innocence.'] ['A con man enters his steamboat in a winner-take-all race with a rival while attempting to find a witness that will save his nephew, who has been wrongly convicted of murder, from the gallows.'] ['In the early 1920s in Kansas, Eli is a barnstorming stunt pilot, whose wife was killed in an airplane crash. He and his 11 year old son, Rodger set off to fly around the country on a series of adventures. Wherever he lands Eli finds a new girlefriend, but likes one in particular, Shelby. He, however, does not form any permanent relationships. Rodger, who misses his deceased mother, continually helps out his father, even paying a prostitute . When Shelby leaves Eli, Rodger is saddened.'] ['The plot takes place on Thanksgiving, in which four ethnically diverse families -- Vietnamese, Latino, Jewish, and African American -- gather for the traditional meal. But each family has its own distinct set of problems, and hilarity ensues.'] ["Rosa Lynn an elderly woman, sends her daughter Loretta and her children to live with her brother-in-law in Mississippi. Loretta is an addict and does not want to go especially since uncle Earl lives in the dry and rural part of Mississippi. Uncle Earl has his hands already full with a business he is pressured with and a wife who suffers from Alzheimer's disease. Yet he has Loretta help him in his restaurant and the family begins to find strength in their roots, and start to rebuild their lives."] ['Hearts in Atlantis tells the story of Robert "Bobby" Garfield ([[David Morse , a middle-aged man recollecting his past, in particular the summer when he was eleven years old . During that summer, he and his two friends, Carol Gerber  and John "Sully" Sullivan , experienced many things together, the most mysterious of which was meeting an elderly drifter named Ted Brautigan . Bobby lives with his single mother, the self-centered Liz Garfield , who takes in Brautigan as a boarder. Ted takes the lonely Bobby under his wing, while his mother is busy with her job - including entertaining her boss as a way of paying off debt supposedly left by Bobby\'s late father. The two form a father-son bond, and it slowly becomes clear that Ted has some psychic and telekinetic powers that rub off on the young boy. These same powers are the reason that Brautigan has come to this sleepy town; he has escaped the grasp of the "Low Men", strange people who would stop at nothing to get their hands on Ted. Ted offers Bobby a job—his eyes aren\'t as good as they used to be, so he asks the boy to read a newspaper for him, and to earn a dollar a week, so Bobby could buy a bicycle he wants. Bobby doesn\'t believe that this is the real job, and he is right. Ted asks Bobby to keep an eye on the neighborhood looking for any signs of the "low men", like announcements about missing pets. Bobby sees one, but doesn\'t tell Ted, afraid to lose his new friend. Bobby, Carol, and John have frequent conflicts with the local town bully, Harry Doolin ([[Timothy Reifsnyder , whom Ted is able to scare away by looking into his mind and finding out that his violence is used to cover up the fact that he is secretly a cross-dresser. However, at one point, Harry hurts Carol, and when Ted manipulates her dislocated shoulder into place, Liz arrives, after being raped by her boss, and mistakenly believes that Ted is a child molester. She is confronted by Ted\'s ability to tell her the truth about what she has been through, and how her behavior is affecting her relationship with her son, providing another reason that Ted must leave. That and the "low men" are closing in on him. Ted is eventually captured with the help of a tip from Liz. As some form of closure, Ted yells to Bobby as he is being driven away that he wouldn\'t have missed a moment "not for all the world", and later Bobby mirrors the same feelings. Bobby is later confronted by Harry but Bobby grabs the latter\'s baseball bat and beats him with it. Liz later finds a new job in Boston and moves the family there. Before he leaves, Bobby and Carol say their goodbyes and share a final kiss. At the end of the film, a grown up Bobby meets a girl named Molly who turns out to be Carol\'s daughter. Bobby produces a picture of a young Carol  and gives it to Molly to keep.'] ['In the summer of 1947, a pretentious thirteen-year-old girl called "Miss" Lily Jane Bobbit is liked by two boys, who are best friends. Using the funniest vocabulary and the ever so heavy accent, she manages to win the attraction of the towns people, including the love of the two best friends. As the story continues, it must be decided as to whether or not the two boys will remain best friends, as only one of them can win Miss Bobbit\'s heart.'] ["Newt Winger ([[Kyle Johnson  is an African-American teenager living in rural Kansas in the late 1920s and early 1930s. He generally confronts the prejudices of the era with pride and an even temper, unlike his hot-headed friend Marcus Savage . As circumstances slowly pull Newt and Marcus further apart, Newt witnesses a murder – one committed by Marcus' father Booker ([[Richard Ward . When Newt's decision to come forward as a witness leads to Booker's death, Marcus ambushes and confronts Newt with a gun – resulting in a vicious fight. Newt wins the fight but spares Marcus' life, only to watch helplessly as Marcus is shot and killed by a racist sheriff ."] ['The film commences in 1890 in the small town of Kings Row, focusing on five children. They are Parris Mitchell , who lives with his grandmother ; Cassandra Tower , daughter of Dr. Alexander Tower ; the wealthy orphan Drake McHugh ; Louise Gordon , daughter of the sadistic town physician Dr. Henry Gordon , who has been known to perform operations without anesthetic; and the tomboy Randy Monaghan , whose father  is a railroad worker.<ref namehttp://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stidFull%20Synopsis |title2009-03-24 |workTurner Classic Movies }}  Parris is attracted to Cassandra, whom the other children avoid because her family is "strange": her mother is confined to the house and never seen. Dr. Tower takes Cassie out of school and Parris does not see her again until years later, when he begins his medical studies under Dr. Tower\'s tutelage. The next day, Parris learns that Dr. Tower has poisoned Cassie and shot himself and has left his estate to him. He learns from Dr. Tower\'s notebook that he killed Cassie because he believed he saw early signs that she might go insane like her mother, and he wanted to prevent Parris from ruining his life by marrying her, just as Tower\'s life had been ruined by marrying Cassie\'s mother. Parris returns to Kings Row and decides to remain there, when he learns that Dr. Gordon has died, leaving the town with no doctor. Louise reveals that her father amputated Drake\'s legs, unnecessarily, because he hated Drake and thought it was his duty to punish wickedness. Parris at first wishes to withhold the truth from Drake, fearing it will destroy his fragile recovery. He considers confining Louise to a mental institution, even though she is not insane, to prevent the truth from being revealed to Drake and other victims of her father. But instead, persuaded by his new friend Elise  to treat Drake like any other patient rather than his best friend, he tells Drake what happened. Drake reacts with defiance and summons a renewed will to live instead of the deep clinical depression Parris had feared. Parris is now free to marry Elise, having helped his old friend return to a productive life.'] ['{{plot}} The film is told through the perspective of Scott "Scotty" Smalls , who is reminiscing about the summer of 1962. Smalls moves with his mother  and stepfather Bill  to a new neighborhood outside Los Angeles. One afternoon, he decides to follow a group of neighborhood boys, and he watches them play a game at a small field, which they call the "Sandlot." Smalls is reluctant to join their game because he fears he will be ridiculed based on his inexperience. Nevertheless, he chooses to play with them, but fails to catch a simple fly ball and properly throw the ball back to his infielders. All the other players, except for Benny Rodriguez , begin to laugh at Smalls for committing defensive miscues, prompting him to leave the sandlot in embarrassment. Benny, who is the best player in the neighborhood, shields Smalls from the insults of his peers and invites him to rejoin their game. He proceeds to give Smalls advice and helps him earn the respect of the other players. As Smalls continues to play with them, he begins to learn many of the customs of the sandlot, while experiencing many misadventures with his new friends. He learns that players avoid hitting home runs over the sandlot\'s fences, as the property beyond them is guarded by a massive and ferocious dog, a 300-pound English mastiff called "The Beast." The team has several misadventures, including a trip to the pool, where Squints, who can\'t swim, deliberately jumps off at the deep end, to get his lifeguard crush Wendy Peffercorn to rescue him, and he kisses her during mouth to mouth, which although it results in a permanent ban from the pool, it cements Squints and Wendy\'s relationship. Later, the team plays a night game on the Fourth of July, although everyone except Benny is more interested in watching the fireworks than playing. Then the team accepts a challenge from a snooty rival team, whom the Sandlot kids easily defeat. Later, they experiment with chewing tobacco at a carnival, then proceed to enjoy a fast ride until they all end up puking on everyone surrounding the ride. One day, the leather ruptures, causing the ball\'s entrails to come out. While the others are impressed about this, Benny feels guilty because the group does not have 98 cents to buy another baseball, and is forced to retire for the afternoon. However, Smalls runs to Bill\'s trophy room, and steals his stepfather\'s autographed ball, while his stepfather is away on a business trip, in hopes to preserve the game. The team is impressed with Smalls’ gesture, and allows him to have the first at bat with the ball. He proceeds to hit the ball out of the sandlot, but is shortly enveloped by fear once he realizes that he has lost Bill\'s ball. The situation is further worsened when Smalls realizes that the ball was autographed by Babe Ruth, and is almost irreplaceable, and the team rebukes him for his stupidity for playing with such a valuable ball. They quickly scrap up change to buy a new ball and forge Babe Ruth\'s signature on it to cover for the missing ball until they can think of something. Thinking that The Beast\'s owner will not give them the ball back, Smalls and his friends begin engineering elaborate plans to recover the ball from The Beast. After five failed rescue attempts, including, a stick, a pot on a metal rod, a vacuum cleaner, Yeah-yeah on a pulley, and a catapult composed of an Erector set, Smalls prepares to accept his fate. Around the same time, Benny has an enlightening dream, where he is visited by Babe Ruth, who encourages him to run into the Beast\'s domain, and use his speed to recover the ball and escape. Ruth leaves Benny with the words, "Heroes get remembered, but legends never die." Benny rallies his friends the following morning at the sandlot, and prepares to recover Smalls’ baseball. Using his PF Flyers , he steals the ball from the Beast, and successfully manages to elude the dog as it chases him through town. And the sandlot gang follow him. The Beast chases Benny through an alley, a movie theater, a carnival, and back to the sandlot. Benny starts to slow down and the beast starts to catch up to him. Benny returns to Mr.Mertle\'s home and hops the fence. The race ends with the fence collapsing on the Beast. Smalls feels responsible for the ordeal, and helps The Beast escape the rubble. After being rescued, The Beast, whose real name is Hercules, becomes much more friendly and affectionate towards the boys, even showing them where he had buried all the baseballs that had gone into the yard over the years. Benny and Smalls then decide to tell the dog\'s owner, Mr. Mertle , about the ordeal, and reveals he would have given them the ball back if they had just asked him. The rest of the boys are upset at Squints for making up the story of Mertle being \'the meanest old man that ever lived\' and blame him for it. Benny and Smalls eventually learn that Mr. Mertle was a professional baseball player in the Negro League and was a friend of Babe Ruth himself. Mr. Mertle, whose career ended after a hit by a stray pitch blinded him, agrees to give Smalls a ball signed by Murderers\' Row&nbsp;– several of the best Yankee hitters in the late 1920s . In exchange, the boys are to visit Mr. Mertle once a week to talk baseball with him. Smalls proceeds to give his stepfather the ball that Mr. Mertle gave him. While Bill is pleased with the Murderers\' Row ball, he is still upset about the Babe Ruth ball, but he only grounds Smalls for a week. Smalls goes on to explain what became of all his friends. Yeah Yeah\'s parents sent him off to military school, after the army he became one of the pioneer developers of bungie jumping . Ham became a professional wrestler called "The Great Hambino". Timmy and Tommy became architects and invented mini malls. Squints married Wendy Peffercorn, had nine kids, and bought Vincent\'s Drug Store. Bertrum got "really into the sixties", and no one ever saw him again. DeNunez played Triple A ball, now owns a business, and coaches a little league team that his sons play on, called "The Heaters", which is name after a trademark pitch of his. And Hercules lived to be 199 years old in dog years. The film then jumps 30 years into the future, where Smalls is a radio sports commentator for the Los Angeles Dodgers  and owns the fake Babe Ruth ball, the chewed up real one, and the Murderer\'s Row ball, given to him by his friends, Mr. Mertle, and his stepdad. Benny "The Jet" Rodriguez is one of the team\'s star players, wearing #3. While he is in the twilight of his career, Benny manages to steal home in the movie\'s final moments, then flashes a thumbs-up to Smalls in the press box. With the game over, Smalls then stares at a group photo on his wall of him and his friends back in 1962.'] ['World War I veteran Waldo Pepper  feels he has missed out on the glory of aerial combat after being made a flight instructor. After the war, Waldo has taken up barnstorming to make a living. He soon tangles with rival barnstormer  Axel Olsson . Enemies at first, Waldo and Axel become partners and try out various stunts. One of these stunts, a car-to-plane transfer, goes wrong and Waldo is nearly killed after Axel is unable to climb high enough for Waldo\'s body to clear a barn and Waldo slams into it. Waldo then goes home to Kansas to recuperate with an earlier lover Maude  and her family. Maude, however, is not happy to see Waldo at first; because every time she does, Waldo is injured in some way. But eventually they make up and are lovers once again. Meanwhile, Maude\'s brother Ezra , an old friend of Waldo\'s, promises to build Waldo a high-performance monoplane as soon as Waldo is well enough to fly it. Waldo\'s goal is to be the first pilot in history to perform an outside loop, and Ezra feels that Waldo can do it with this monoplane. In the meantime, Waldo recuperates and rejoins Axel and the two eventually get a job flying for a traveling flying circus owned by Doc Dillhoefer . In an effort to attract bigger crowds, Dillhoefer hires Waldo\'s and Axel\'s friend Mary Beth  to act as the show\'s sexual attraction. As the show moves from town to town, and the crew practices new stunts, they experience problems, errors, and crashes. As a result of the death of Mary Beth during a wing walking stunt, Waldo is grounded by an inspector of the newly formed Air Commerce division of the Federal government, a man from Waldo\'s past during the war named Newt ([[Geoffrey Lewis . Waldo ultimately loses his pilot\'s license and the Dillhoefer air circus is suspended after Ezra is killed while attempting the outside loop substituting for Waldo. This doesn\'t stop Waldo from flying for long. Using an alias so that he may continue flying despite being grounded, Waldo gets a job as a stunt pilot in a Hollywood film depicting the air battles of the Great War. Famous German air ace Ernst Kessler  has also been hired by the producers, as a consultant and to fly a Fokker Dr. I replica. The disillusioned, bitter and heavy drinking depiction of Kessler is based on the real German ace and stunt flier Ernst Udet.{{Citation needed}} During filming of a famous wartime duel, though their fighters are unarmed, Waldo and Kessler begin dogfighting in deadly earnest, using their airplanes as weapons, each repeatedly colliding with the other—Waldo in a Sopwith Camel, Kessler in the Fokker. Eventually, they both realize that their planes are too damaged to land. Instead of fighting, each salutes the other, and flies his own way. As the sound fades, the last shot of the film is of a page in an album. One of the pictures is of Waldo. Beneath the picture is a caption: "Waldo Pepper. 1895–1931".'] ['A backwoodsman named Adam Pontipee and his new bride Milly agreed to marry despite only knowing each other for only a few hours. On returning to his cabin in the mountains, Milly is surprised to learn that Adam is one of seven brothers living under the same roof. The brothers have been named alphabetically from the Old Testament and in chronological order are: Adam, Benjamin, Caleb, Daniel, Ephraim, Frank , and Gideon. All of the brothers have red hair and are well over six feet tall, except Gideon, who is younger and shorter than his brothers. Milly teaches Adam\'s rowdy, ill-behaved younger brothers manners and social mores. She also shows them how to dance. At first, the brothers have a hard time changing from their "mountain man" ways, but eventually each comes to see that the only way he will get a girl of his own is to do things Milly\'s way. They are able to test their new manners at a barn-raising, where they meet six girls they like — Dorcas, Ruth, Martha, Liza, Sarah and Alice — and, fortunately, the girls take a fancy to the brothers as well. However, the girls already have suitors from the town, who jealously taunt the brothers into fighting during the barn-raising. At first the brothers try to resist and remember Milly\'s teaching, but Adam refuses to let himself be pushed around by the rival suitors, who he sees as cowards taking advantage of his younger brothers. The rival suitors finally go too far when they attack Adam, which provokes Gideon into fighting back and a fierce brawl ensues wherein the brothers dominate their physically weaker rivals. Although the brothers do not start the fight, they are banished from the town after destroying the barn in the process. Winter arrives, with the six younger brothers pining for their girls. Adam reads his brothers the story of "Sobbin\' Women"  and tells them that they should stop moping around and take whatever action is necessary to get their women back. Aided by Adam, the brothers kidnap the girls, then cause an avalanche so that they cannot be followed by the townspeople. They have, however, forgotten to kidnap a preacher. Milly is furious at Adam, as are the girls at having been kidnapped. Milly consigns the brothers to the barn "with the rest of the livestock" while the girls live in the house. Adam, surprised and offended by Milly\'s reaction, leaves for the trapping cabin further up the mountain to live out the winter by himself. Months pass, and the girls vent their frustration and resentment by playing pranks on the brothers, such as hitting them with snowballs that have rocks in them. By spring the girls have forgiven and fallen in love with the brothers, who are now allowed to court them. Milly gives birth to a daughter, Hannah. Gideon rides to the cabin to inform Adam about his daughter\'s arrival and asks him to come home. Adam refuses to do so, saying that he had said he would return home only when the snow had melted enough and the pass was open once more to traffic. Having time to think about his baby daughter, Adam returns home in the spring just as the pass is opening and reconciles with Milly. As a newly responsible father, he has become aware of how worried the townspeople would be about what has happened to the girls. Realizing he was wrong to tell his brothers to kidnap the girls, Adam tells his brothers that they need to take the girls back to their homes in the town, but his brothers do not want to do so. The girls do not want to return to their homes, either &mdash; they all want to stay at the farm with their new suitors and thus go and hide so that they will not be taken back home. When Milly discovers that the girls are not in the house, Adam tells his brothers to go after the girls and bring them back. The townspeople arrive, with the intention of taking vengeance against the brothers for the kidnappings. Upon finding the brothers trying to force the girls to return, the fathers get the wrong impression, believing their daughters are being assaulted, and charge to their rescue. Alice\'s father, who is a preacher, hears baby Hannah cry in the distance, and worries that the baby might belong to one of the girls. The fighting is finally sorted out, with the fathers, and other townsmen, rounding up the brothers and announcing that they intend to hang them. Alice\'s father asks the girls whose baby he heard. They all decide, simultaneously, to claim the baby as their own. This misinformation gives the girls and the brothers their fondest wish — the townspeople insist that all six couples marry immediately in a shotgun wedding.'] ["The lives of two closely linked families dangerously intersect in a small Illinois town in the 1950s. Two brothers, Jacey and Doug Holt are growing up in Haley, Illinois, sons of a working single mother. Their father, a reckless risk-taker, has lost his life via a bet with Lloyd Abbott , his business partner. Abbott eventually becomes one of the town's foremost, wealthiest and most-admired citizens. The lives of the Holts and the Abbotts are intertwined through various entanglements. Lloyd Abbott and his distant wife, Joan, are the parents of three beautiful daughters, Alice, Eleanor and Pamela. Because of a misunderstanding of the circumstances surrounding his father's death , Jacey  seeks revenge on the Abbotts through the calculated seduction of the Abbott daughters. At first, Jacey cannot wait to escape the suffocating life in Haley; later in the film, however, he is pulled back as he idolizes the Abbott family, and obsesses about the oldest daughter, Alice , thus seeking to jockey his way into the Abbott family. At first, Doug , the younger brother, admires and worships his brother's libertine lifestyle. However, as he matures, he discovers that all that glitters is not gold. He eventually falls in love with the youngest, virginal Abbott, Pamela , who protests his early, fumbling sexual advances, and she forces him to appreciate her for who she is, not what she may offer up to him. Meanwhile, Eleanor is sent away to stewardess school after she and Jacey are caught by Lloyd Abbott, who cannot keep them apart. After two years of being apart from each other, Doug and Pamela meet again by chance while they are in college in Philadelphia and seem to rekindle their previous romance. However, Doug is later devastated by the revelation that Jacey has, prior to Doug's arrival, seduced Pamela when they previously met at a college party...a seduction he later admits was calculated to continue his revenge upon the Abbots. Jacey is apologetic when he realizes Doug's feelings for Pam. Doug strikes his brother and leaves in a rage. Later, the two brothers reconcile when Doug and Jacey are brought back to Haley after their mother's death. While sorting through his mother's belonging, Doug finds a letter from their late father proving he sold their valuable patent for a 1937 DeSoto Coupe convertible; the same one he later drove into a lake, killing him. He shares this information with his brother, but the truth does little to sooth Jacey's resentment and belief that he and his family were cheated out of their rightful place in life. Doug, however, decides to forget old resentments and move on. Despite the obstacles that Lloyd Abbott places in the way of any of the Holt brothers ever seeing his daughters again, Doug convinces Abbott at the end of the story of his true love for Pamela and receives his blessing on a future relationship."] ['In 1988, an elderly, widowed Dottie Hinson reluctantly attends the induction of the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League  into the Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown. She sees many of her former teammates and friends, prompting a flashback to 1943. When World War II threatens to shut down Major League Baseball, candy magnate and Chicago Cubs owner Walter Harvey  creates a women\'s league to make money. Ira Lowenstein  is put in charge and Ernie Capadino  is sent out to recruit players. Capadino likes what he sees in softball catcher Dottie . She is a terrific hitter and very attractive. He offers her a tryout, but she is content working in a dairy and on the family farm while her husband, Bob, fights in the war. He is less impressed with her younger sister, pitcher Kit Keller , who is desperate to go. He lets her come along when she persuades Dottie to change her mind. He also checks out Marla Hooch , a great switch-hitting slugger. Because Marla is homely, he rejects her, but Dottie and Kit refuse to go on without her, and her father makes an impassioned plea. Capadino gives in. When the trio arrive at the tryouts in Chicago, they meet taxi dancer "All the Way" Mae Mordabito ([[Madonna  and her best friend, Doris Murphy , both tough-talking New Yorkers; soft-spoken right fielder Evelyn Gardner ; illiterate and shy left fielder Shirley Baker ; and pitcher and former Miss Georgia Ellen Sue Gotlander. They and nine others are selected to form the Rockford Peaches, while 48 others are split among the Racine Belles, Kenosha Comets, and South Bend Blue Sox. The Peaches are managed by Jimmy Dugan , a former marquee Cubs slugger who lost his career to alcohol. He treats the whole thing as a joke, forcing Dottie to take on his duties. Jimmy takes over after clashing with Dottie over a game-time decision. The league attracts little interest. Lowenstein tells the Peaches that the owners are having second thoughts. With a Life magazine photographer attending a game, Lowenstein begs them to do something spectacular. Dottie obliges when a ball is popped up behind home plate, catching it while doing a split. The resulting photograph makes the cover of the magazine. A publicity campaign draws more and more people to the ballgames, but the owners remain unconvinced. Meanwhile, the sibling rivalry between Dottie and Kit intensifies: Kit resents being completely overshadowed by Dottie in everything. Things come to a head when Jimmy pulls Kit for a relief pitcher on Dottie\'s advice. After a heated argument between Dottie and Kit, Dottie tells Lowenstein she is thinking about quitting. Horrified at the prospect of losing his biggest star, Lowenstein promises to arrange a trade. Kit blames her sister for being sent to Racine. Prior to a game, the Peaches\' utility player, Betty "Spaghetti" Horn, is informed that her husband has been killed in action in the Pacific Theatre; the same evening, Bob returns, having been honorably discharged after being wounded in Italy. The following morning, Jimmy discovers that Dottie is returning to Oregon with Bob. He tells her she will regret her decision. The team makes it to the World Series against Kit\'s Racine Belles. The Peaches win twice in a row to force a deciding seventh game. Dottie unexpectedly rejoins the team for the game. Racine leads 1-0 going into the ninth inning when Dottie hits Kit\'s pitch and drives in two runs. Kit comes up to bat with her team trailing 2-1 in the bottom of the ninth with two outs. Dottie tells pitcher Ellen Sue about Kit\'s weakness for chasing high fastballs. After swinging at and missing the first two pitches, Kit hits a line drive and rounds the bases, ignoring a stop signal from the third base coach. Dottie fields the throw to the plate, but Kit slams into her, knocking the ball out of her hand to score the winning run. The sellout crowd convinces Harvey to give Lowenstein the owners\' support. After the game, the sisters reconcile before Dottie leaves to raise a family. In the present day, Dottie and Kit are reunited during the dedication ceremony of the Women\'s Professional Baseball League; Dottie is reunited with several players . Several fates of the characters are revealed: Marla married Nelson, Jimmy and Bob have both died, and after Dottie reunites with Stillwell, she learns of his mother\'s  passing. All the baseball players sing and take a picture.'] ["The 1919 Chicago White Sox are considered the greatest team in baseball and, in fact, one of the greatest ever assembled to that point. However, the team's owner, Charles Comiskey, is a skinflint with little inclination to reward his players for a spectacular season. When a gamblers gets wind of the players' discontent, it offers a select group of Sox &mdash; including star pitcher Eddie Cicotte &mdash; more money to play badly than they would have earned by winning the World Series against the Cincinnati Reds. A number of players, including Chick Gandil, Swede Risberg, and Lefty Williams, go along with the scheme. The team's greatest star, Shoeless Joe Jackson, is depicted as being not very bright and not entirely sure what is going on. Buck Weaver, meanwhile, is included with the seven others but insists that he wants nothing to do with the fix. When the best-of-nine series begins, Cicotte deliberately pitches poorly to lose the first game. Williams does likewise in Game 2, while Gandil and Hap Felsch make glaring mistakes on the field. Several of the players become upset, however, when the various gamblers involved fail to pay their promised money up front. Chicago journalists Ring Lardner and Hugh Fullerton grow increasingly suspicious. Meanwhile, the team's manager, Kid Gleason, continues to hear rumors of a fix, but he remains confident that his boys will come through in the end. A third pitcher not in on the scam, Dickey Kerr, wins Game 3 for the Sox, making both gamblers and teammates uncomfortable. Other teammates such as Ray Schalk continue to play hard, while Weaver and Jackson show no visible signs of taking a dive. Cicotte, who won 29 games during the season, loses again in Game 4. With the championship now in jeopardy, Gleason intends to bench him from his next start, but Cicotte begs for another chance. The manager reluctantly agrees and is rewarded with a victory in Game 7. Unpaid by the gamblers, Williams also intends to do his best, but when his wife's life is threatened, he purposely pitches badly to lose the final game. Cincinnati wins the World Series  to the shock of Sox fans. Even worse, sportswriter Fullerton exposes the strong possibility that this series was not on the level. His findings cause Comiskey and the other owners to appoint a new commissioner of baseball, Kenesaw Mountain Landis, and give him complete authority over the sport. Eight players are indicted and brought to trial. Cicotte, Williams, and Jackson even sign confessions. But in court, while Weaver maintains his innocence, the confessions are mysteriously found to be stolen, and the popular Chicago players are found not guilty. While they celebrate, however, Judge Landis bans all eight from professional baseball for life, citing their failure to reveal being approached by gambling interests in the first place. Weaver is among those exiled from the game. The final scene shows him in the bleachers of a New Jersey minor league ballpark, watching Jackson play under an assumed name."] ['The film features Byrne as an unnamed, cowboy-hat-wearing stranger who visits the fictional Texas town of Virgil, where he observes the citizens as they prepare for the Celebration of Special-ness to mark the Sesquicentennial  anniversary of the founding of the town and the statehood of Texas. The event is being sponsored by the Varicorp Corporation, a local computer manufacturing plant. Byrne\'s narration breaks the fourth wall many times in the movie, especially while he is driving around town in his Chrysler LeBaron convertible. Among the unique individuals the stranger meets is * Louis Fyne, , a Country-Western-singing clean room technician at Varicorp who is unlucky in love * Civic leader Earl Culver , who never speaks directly to his wife, Kay  * Miss Rollings , who never leaves her bed * Mr. Tucker , Miss Rollings personal assistant, a voodoo practitioner whom Louis hires to help him find love * A conspiracy theorist preacher  whose shtick owes a great deal to the Church of the SubGenius ; * Ramon , who claims telepathic powers * "The Lying Woman" , who recounts fantastic episodes from her life to anyone listening. Renowned Latin music legend Esteban "Steve" Jordan and his conjunto perform the song "Radio Head" in the film as well.'] ['In the fall of 1954, the Kurtzmans, a Jewish family, live in Forest Park, a suburban neighborhood in the northwest section of Baltimore. At the beginning of the film, Nate, the father, runs a burlesque theatre, and engages in a community numbers racket. His wife Ada stays home and takes care of the household. Van, the older son, attends the University of Baltimore, while Ben is finishing his final year in high school. Ben meets Sylvia, an African-American girl, who begins attending his school after the district has been integrated. Ben immediately starts to develop feelings towards Sylvia, and introduces himself. The two become close based on a mutual love for Little Richard, James Brown, jazz musicians, and black comedians. Sylvia\'s father, an affluent doctor, disapproves of their relationship and forbids them to see one another. On Halloween, Ben dresses up as Adolf Hitler, which offends his parents greatly. Van and his friends head over to a party in a predominantly bourgeois, gentile section of Baltimore. Van is attracted to a mysterious blonde woman. A fight between one of Van\'s buddies and a gentile erupts and Trey, one of the party-goers, drunkenly crashes his car into the house. Van must leave the mystery woman. Trey goes to court for the car crash. Van and his friends are there as witnesses. After the court session expires, Van asks several of the other party attendants about the blonde woman he met. Trey discovers that the girl Van has fallen in love with is Dubbie, his own girlfriend. Meanwhile, Nate\'s burlesque theatre has problems. In order to boost returns on the numbers game, an additional bonus number is added which will increase the pay-off. Little Melvin, a local drug dealer, makes a large bet, defies expectations and hits the number. Unable to pay on that big a win, Nate is then forced to cut Melvin a "slice of the pie". When Nate offers Melvin the numbers business instead, Melvin claims that Nate is trying to "Jew" him out of his money and a fight breaks out between their bodyguards. Sylvia gives Ben two tickets to see James Brown in concert. At the concert Ben and his friend are the only white patrons in the audience. Van and his friends head out to a gathering, where he again runs into Dubbie and learns of her relationship with Trey. Little Melvin then spots Nate\'s car off of Pennsylvania Avenue in the African American neighborhood where James Brown is in concert and after seeing Ben and his friend inside, he deduces that one of them must be Nate\'s son. After the concert, Melvin abducts Ben, Sylvia and their friends from the concert in a payback to Nate\'s racket. Van has word that Trey is in surgery after a car accident. He and Dubbie go see him in Virginia. Nate and his associates at the nightclub are charged and booked with prostitution and racketeering. Before leaving for prison, he manages to attend Ben and Sylvia\'s high school graduation. She is attending Spelman College, a historically black college in Atlanta; he is staying to attend the University of Maryland. As the film closes, the scene shows Ben\'s family attending a Jewish ceremony as the father walks out of the synagogue and blows a kiss to his wife. In a voice-over of Ben\'s adult voice, he reflects on his childhood with memories of his kiss with Sylvia, his father, and his bittersweet coming-of-age in 1950\'s Baltimore.'] ['The story is set in Kansas in 1910. Jacob Witting, a widowed farmer who is still saddened by the death of his wife during childbirth several years earlier, finds that the task of taking care of his farm and two children, Anna and Caleb, is too difficult to handle alone. He advertises in the newspaper for a mail-order bride. Sarah, from Maine, responds describing herself as "plain and tall", and travels out to become his wife. But she grows homesick: miles and miles of Kansas farmland prove no substitute for Maine\'s ocean vistas. When she leaves for a trip into town, the children wonder if she will come back.'] ["As the primarily white town of Delrona Beach, Florida is preparing for its annual festival, one of the parade floats is set afire. A young African-American boy named Terrell is found guilty of the deed, and he is sentenced to community service with a local community theater. An orphan, Terrell is in the care of an elderly relative, Eunice Stokes, who lives in the neighboring, primarily black community of Lincoln Beach. Eunice is being visited by her actress daughter, Desiree, a former beauty queen who left town while she was still in high school. At the time, she caused a scandal because she was pregnant and her parents sent her to live with an aunt in Georgia until the baby came. She has returned to make amends to her mother and also to introduce her new husband, Reggie. While in town, she becomes re-acquainted with her old high-school paramour, Flash, who was a star football player and is now a promoter for a property development scheme. Back in Delrona Beach, Marly Temple runs a motel and cafe owned by her elderly father and drama-instructor mother. Marly feels shackled by the arrangement and is tempted to sell the hotel to developers, but she assumes her father will never agree. Marly wanted to be a marine biologist and was once an underwater performer, but when her twin older brothers died in an accident she reluctantly became her father's heir. Marly must also deal with her former husband, Steve, a slacker who is always looking to make some quick money. Marly additionally has a boyfriend, Scotty, who is struggling to become a golf pro and travel the tour circuit. Marly then becomes romantically involved with Jack, a landscape architect affiliated with the property developers. Offering commentary on the story are a group of golfers, who act as an updated iteration of the Greek chorus."] ["Homer Wells , an orphan, is the film's protagonist. He grew up in an orphanage directed by Dr. Wilbur Larch  after being returned twice by foster parents. His first foster parents thought he was too quiet and the second parents beat him. Dr. Larch is addicted to ether and is also secretly an abortionist. Larch trains Homer in obstetrics and abortions as an apprentice, despite Homer never even having attended high school. The film continues as Homer decides to leave the orphanage with Candy Kendall  and her boyfriend, Wally Worthington , a young couple who work at the Worthington family apple orchard. They had come to the clinic to have an abortion. Wally leaves to fight in World War II. While Wally is away, Homer and Candy have an affair. Later, Wally's plane is shot down and he is paralyzed from the waist down. When he returns home, Candy takes care of him and leaves Homer. While he is away from the orphanage, Homer lives on the Worthington estate. He goes to work picking apples with Arthur Rose's  team. Arthur and his team are migrant workers who are employed seasonally at the orchard by the Worthingtons. Mr. Rose rapes and impregnates his own daughter , and Homer, who disapproves of abortions, realizes that in Rose's case, he must perform one for her. Later, when Arthur makes another attempt to rape his daughter, she stabs him, and as a last request, the dying Arthur asks the other workers to tell the police that his death was a suicide. Eventually Homer decides to return to the orphanage after Dr. Larch's death from inhaling an ether overdose, and works as the new director. At the end of the film, Homer learns that Larch had faked Homer's medical record to keep him out of the war, and later made fake credentials for Homer in order to convince the board overseeing the orphanage to appoint him as the next director. Finally, Homer fills the paternal role that Larch previously held for the children of the orphanage."] ['A long-running live radio show is in danger of being canceled by new owners of the company that holds both radio station "WLT" and the theater where the show is broadcast. The film takes place on the night of the show\'s last performance. The show has two visitors: an angel calling herself Asphodel  comes to comfort the people who work on the show and to escort one of them to the afterlife, while "the Axeman" , a representative of the new owners, arrives to judge whether the show should be canceled. He makes it clear that the show is not what he considers modern popular programming, and though he too is escorted by the angel, the show is shut down anyway. In an epilogue at the end of the film the former cast members are reunited at Mickey\'s Diner. Their conversation pauses as they are joined by Asphodel, leaving the implication that she has arrived for another Some reviewers interpreted this visit to signify that death was awaiting all the show\'s former cast. of their number.'] ['In 1965, Arlo Guthrie  has attempted to avoid the draft by attending college in Montana. His long hair and unorthodox approach to study gets him in trouble with local police as well as residents. He is thrown out of school, hitch-hiking back East. He first visits his father Woody Guthrie  in the hospital. Arlo ultimately returns to his friends Alice  and Ray Brock  at their home, a deconsecrated church in Great Barrington, Massachusetts where they welcome friends and like-minded bohemian types to "crash". Among these are Arlo\'s school friend Roger  and artist Shelley , an ex-heroin addict who is in a motorcycle racing club. Alice is starting up a restaurant in nearby Stockbridge. Frustrated with Ray\'s lackadaisical attitude, she has an affair with Shelley, and ultimately leaves for New York to visit Arlo and Roger. Ray comes to take her home, saying he has invited a "few" friends for Thanksgiving. The central point of the film is the story told in the song: After Thanksgiving dinner, Arlo and his friends decide to do Alice and Ray a favor by taking several months worth of garbage from their house to the town dump. After loading up a red VW microbus with the garbage, and "shovels, and rakes and other implements of destruction", they head for the dump. Finding the dump closed for the holiday, they drive around and discover a pile of garbage that someone else had placed at the bottom of a short cliff. At that point, as mentioned in the song, "...we decided that one big pile is better than two little piles, and rather than bring that one up we decided to throw ours down." The next morning they receive a phone call from "Officer Obie" , who asks them about the garbage. After admitting to littering, they agree to pick up the garbage and to meet him at the police station. Loading up the red VW microbus, they head to the police station where they are immediately arrested. As the song puts it, they are then driven to the scene of the crime where the police are engaged in a hugely elaborate investigation. At the trial, Officer Obie is anxiously awaiting the chance to show the judge the 27 photos of the crime but the judge happens to be blind, using a seeing eye dog, and simply levies a $50 fine, orders them to pick up the garbage and then sets them free. The garbage is eventually taken to New York and placed on a barge, to be taken out and dumped in the Atlantic Ocean. Meanwhile, Arlo has fallen in love with a beautiful Asian girl, Mari-chan . Later in the movie, Arlo is called up for the draft, in a surreal depiction of the bureaucracy at the New York City military induction center on Whitehall Street. Because of Guthrie\'s criminal record for littering, he is first sent to the Group W bench , then outright rejected as unfit for military service. Upon returning to the church, Arlo finds Ray and members of the motorcycle club showing home movies of a recent race. Shelley enters, obviously high, and Ray beats him until he reveals his stash of heroin, concealed in some art he has been working on. Shelley roars off into the night on his motorcycle to his death; the next day, Woody dies. Ray and Alice have a hippie-style wedding in the church, and a drunken Ray proposes to sell the church and start a country commune instead, revealing that he blames himself for Shelley\'s death. The film ends with Alice standing alone in her bedraggled wedding gown on the church steps.'] ['A 1940s promotional film by the Tucker Automobile Company introduces Preston Tucker  and a new automobile filled with technological innovations. The film then flashes back to an earlier start as an inventor and as a staunch family man. His loyal wife  and children, headed by his namesake, Preston Tucker Jr. , support his efforts. Tucker\'s passion for automobiles began as a child and by 1935 he had started a successful partnership with racing car innovator Harry Miller. In World War II, Tucker designed an armored car for the United States military, rejected for being too fast. However, the car\'s gun turret was put into production. At war\'s end, with the proceeds from the turret bankrolling a new automotive project, Tucker hires young designer Alex Tremulis  to help him create a radical new car design, the 1948 Tucker Torpedo. Tucker\'s dream of manufacturing a revolutionary automobile with futuristic features will pit him against the oppressive Detroit-based Big Three automakers. With the support of his long-time New York financier Abe Karatz , Tucker creates nationwide interest by advertising the "Tucker Torpedo" in Pic magazine. Raising the money through a stock issue, Tucker and Karatz acquire the enormous Dodge Chicago Plant to begin manufacturing. Despite groundbreaking features on the first hand-built prototype such as disc brakes, seat belts, a fuel-injected engine in the rear, a padded dashboard, and a front windshield that pops out in severe collisions, the new car is beset with problems. Launching "The car of tomorrow" in a spectacular way, the Tucker Corporation is met with enthusiasm from both shareholders and the general public. However, the Tucker company board of directors, unsure of his ability to overcome the technical and financial obstacles ahead, send Tucker off on a publicity campaign, and attempt to take complete control of the company. At the same time, Tucker faces animosity from the Big Three and the authorities led by Michigan Senator Homer S. Ferguson . While the manufacturing of the Tucker Torpedo continues, Tucker is confronted with allegations of stock fraud. Ferguson\'s investigation with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , causes Karatz, once convicted of bank fraud, to resign, fearful that his criminal record will prejudice the hearings. Yellow journalism also starts ruining Tucker\'s public image even though the ultimate courtroom battle is resolved when he parades his entire production run of 51 Tucker Torpedoes, proving that he has reached production status. After giving a speech to the jurors on how capitalism in the United States is harmed by efforts of large corporations against small entrepreneurs like himself, Tucker is acquitted on all charges. Nevertheless, Tucker\'s company falls into bankruptcy and Preston Tucker succumbs to a heart attack seven years later, never able to realize his dream of producing a state-of-the-art automobile.'] ["Carnelle  enters the Miss Firecracker beauty pageant in her hometown of Yazoo City, Mississippi, trying to emulate her cousin Elain's  win some years previous. Carnelle was taken in as a waif by her genteel cousins after the death of her mother and grows up promiscuous, brash, unfeminine and lacking in grace. Few expect she can win, her closest friends and relatives think she is heading for a big disappointment, but Carnelle is ever hopeful. When her other cousin, the eccentric sociopath Delmont Tim Robbins decides to sell the house they both live in to make money, Carnelle becomes even more determined to win, viewing it as a way to escape her small town existence. Elain returns to the town to give a speech at the pageant after a breakup with her husband. Carnelle insists Elain let her wear the red dress in which she won the contest, thinking that will guarantee her success. Elain delays giving Carnelle the dress and makes excuses as to why she cannot have it, whilst pretending to be supportive. Carnelle surprisingly gets on the shortlist for the pageant when one of the other contestants pulls out. Without a red dress she breaks into a locked room in the house previously occupied by a sick relative and takes an old dress to wear. She comes last at the final and is frustrated by her failure. Back at the house she discovers Elain had brought the dress with her all along and had been lying to her. She confronts Elain about this, realising the pageant is not the most important thing after all, then leaves the house and goes to the town observatory and watches the pageant fireworks display."] ['Don Anderson  is the Mickey\'s hamburger chain marketing director who helped develop the "Big One", its most popular menu item. When he learns that independent research has discovered a considerable presence of fecal matter in the meat, he travels to the fictitious town of Cody, Colorado to determine if the local Uni-Globe meatpacking processing plant, Mickey\'s main meat supplier, is guilty of sloppy production. Don\'s tour shows him only the pristine work areas and most efficient procedures, assuring him that everything the company produces is immaculate. Suspicious of the facade he\'s been shown, Don meets rancher Rudy Martin , who used to supply cattle to the Uni-Globe plant. Rudy and his Chicana housekeeper  both assure him that because of the plant\'s production level, several safety regulations are ignored or worked against; workers have no time to make sure that the manure coming from the intestines stays away from the meat. Don later meets with Harry Rydell , executive VP of Mickey\'s, who admits being aware of the issue, but is not concerned. Amber  is a young, upbeat employee of Mickey\'s, studying for college and living with her mother Cindy . While her life seems to be set, she continually faces the contrast between her current career and her own ambition, emphasized by her two lazy co-workers  who, having heard of armed robberies at fast food restaurants in the area, start planning their own. Amber and Cindy are visited by Cindy\'s brother Pete , who encourages Amber to leave town and start a real career. Amber eventually meets a group of young activists  who plan to liberate cattle from Uni-Globe as their first act of rebellion. They proceed to sneak up to a holding pen at the plant, but after breaking down the fence, they are shocked that the cattle make no attempt to leave. Upon hearing the police, they retreat and contemplate why the cattle decided to stay in confinement. Raul , his love interest Sylvia , and Sylvia\'s sister Coco  are illegal immigrants from Mexico, trying to make it in Colorado. They all go to Uni-Globe in hopes of finding a job - Raul becomes a cleaner, while Coco works on a meat processing conveyor belt. Sylvia, however, cannot take the environment, and instead finds a job as a hotel maid. Coco develops a drug habit, and begins an affair with her exploitative superior, Mike . In a work accident, a friend of Raul\'s falls in a machine, and his leg is mangled. Raul, attempting to save him, falls and is injured. At the hospital, Sylvia is told that Raul was on amphetamines at work. Because Raul is now unable to work, Sylvia has sex with Mike in order to find a job at Uni-Globe. She ends up working on the "kill floor."'] ['Peggy Sue Bodell  sets off for her 25-year high school reunion, albeit hesitantly, with her daughter, Beth , coming along as company. Peggy Sue has just separated from her former high school sweetheart, now husband, Charlie , and is wary of attending the reunion because of everyone questioning her about the absence of Charlie; they have been married since she became pregnant at the end of high school. Peggy Sue arrives at the reunion and is happy to reconnect with her old friends, Maddy  and Carol , and all start to comment on old high school memories and how times  have changed. Charlie unexpectedly arrives at the reunion, causing an awkward scene with Peggy Sue ignoring him. The awkwardness is ended when the event MC announces the reunion’s "king and queen." The king is Richard Norvik ([[Barry Miller , a former class geek turned multi-millionaire computer whiz. Peggy Sue is named the queen, but on arriving at the stage, she faints. When Peggy Sue awakens, she finds she’s gone back to the spring of 1960, her senior year of high school, having passed out after donating blood. Peggy at first believes she died at the reunion, but then comes to accept that she has gone back in time. She’s in shock to see old family members so young and to talk to relatives who have since died. She attends high school classes and meets with old  friends as well as their now-young boyfriends . Peggy answers simple questions with adult responses. For example, when her mother asks if she and Charlie had a fight, she replies yes—but about "house payments," talking about their future divorce. She also makes a get-rich-quick reference of going to England to discover The Beatles. Peggy is confused by this new/old world, but she’s fascinated to get to live high school all over again and say things she always wanted to say . She uses this opportunity to repair an estranged relationship with her younger sister, Nancy . One thing Peggy is not happy about is that she’s still dating Charlie. She breaks up with him and has a one-night stand with Michael Fitzsimmons ([[Kevin J. O\'Connor —the guy in school she always wished she’d slept with. Peggy Sue soon sees that this Charlie  is not the same as the adulterous Charlie she left in 1985 and Peggy starts to fall in love with him all over again, though the relationship still has its problems. Meanwhile, she contacts the young  Richard and asks for his advice on time travel. He seems to believe her as they discuss events and inventions that do not yet exist. Her inquiries into time travel lead to her grandfather, who agrees to try a strange séance ritual with his Masonic Lodge buddies to send her forward in time. Peggy is kidnapped by Charlie. He takes her to a greenhouse of sorts, while everybody at the Lodge thinks the ritual worked. He tells Peggy Sue that he loves her and gives her the locket she wore at the beginning of the film. Realizing that she cannot cheat fate, Peggy Sue kisses Charlie and they begin to make love, which would again lead to Peggy getting pregnant and marrying him. In the next moment, Peggy Sue is transported back to present day. Peggy Sue wakes up in a hospital, with Charlie at her side. However, the idea that she may have dreamed the entire ordeal is called into doubt when she sees that Michael has dedicated a book to her and their night together. Charlie, meanwhile, is deeply regretful of his adultery and tells Peggy Sue he wants her back. It seems there\'s hope for them possibly reconciling their differences when Peggy Sue looks at Charlie with new eyes and  says, "I\'d like to invite you over to your house for dinner on Sunday, with your kids. I\'ll make a strudel."'] ['{{plot}}  A young Roy Hobbs plays baseball with his father on the family farm. Roy\'s father dies suddenly under a tree. That tree is split in half by lightning, and Roy carves a baseball bat from it. He burns a lightning bolt on the barrel and calls it Wonderboy. In 1923, a 19-year old Hobbs  is granted a tryout by the Chicago Cubs as a pitcher. The train to Chicago makes a stop at a carnival and Roy is challenged to strike out "The Whammer" , the top hitter in the major leagues. He does so in front of many people, including a sportswriter named Max Mercy , who draws a picture of the event. Back on the train, the naive Hobbs is seduced by Harriet Byrd , an alluring woman, who gravitates to him after judging that he, rather than The Whammer, is now the best baseball player in the world. Byrd lures Hobbs to a hotel room, shoots him, and then jumps out the window to her death. It is later revealed that Byrd kills rising athletes, having already murdered two others. The story skips forward to 1939. The New York Knights have signed the now 35-year-old Hobbs to a contract, to the ire of the team\'s manager and co-owner, Pop Fisher . With the Knights mired in last-place, Pop is angry about being saddled with a "middle-aged rookie" and refuses to even let him participate in team practice. After a showdown in which Roy is told he is to be sent back to the minors, Pop relents. During the next game, the team\'s star player, "Bump" Bailey , angers Pop and Roy is sent to pinch hit. Pop encourages Hobbs to "knock the cover off the ball", which Hobbs literally does, providing the game-winning hit in a rain-shortened game. After Bump dies running through the outfield fence in pursuit of a fly ball in a subsequent game, Roy takes over as the team\'s starting right fielder and plays phenomenally, becoming the league\'s sensation and single-handedly turning the Knights\' fortunes around. Hobbs\' success prompts Mercy to try to unearth details about his background, but Hobbs is uncooperative. Mercy starts a rumor that Wonderboy is a loaded bat, but the allegation is disproven when the league weighs and measures the bat, which meets specifications. Roy is soon summoned to a meeting with the principal owner of the Knights, The Judge . Beforehand, Pop\'s assistant, Red , informs Roy that The Judge has an interest in the team losing, since Pop is obligated to sell his share to The Judge if the Knights fail to win the National League pennant. To ensure that result, The Judge had ordered his chief scout to stock the roster with unknown players like Hobbs. The Judge inquires about Roy\'s background but is rebuffed. The Judge then offers him a new contract as an implicit bribe to throw the season, but Hobbs makes it clear he is committed to winning the pennant. Gambler Gus Sands  and The Judge devise a plan to manipulate him: Memo Paris , Pop\'s niece, and Bump\'s former girlfriend, is sent to seduce Roy. Mercy sees Roy pitch to a teammate after practice one day and finally realizes where he had seen Hobbs before. He confronts Roy with the cartoon he drew after Roy struck out The Whammer and offers him $5,000 for his story, but Roy is not interested. At dinner, Mercy introduces Roy to Gus and Memo. Memo and Roy begin seeing each other regularly. Despite warnings from Pop that his niece is "bad luck," he continues the relationship, and soon falls into a slump. At Wrigley Field in Chicago, Hobbs comes to bat in the top of the ninth with the Knights trailing by one run with a man on third. With two strikes, he sees a woman in white stand up in the crowd, illuminated by sunlight, and he promptly hits a game-winning home run that shatters the scoreboard clock. After the game, Roy realizes the woman in white is his childhood sweetheart, Iris , and they meet at a soda shop. She attends the next day\'s game, at which Hobbs hits four home runs. Later, they go for a walk and Roy confides his shooting and how he lost his way in life. Iris is sympathetic and they return to her apartment for tea. Roy notices a baseball glove, which Iris informs him belongs to her 16-year old son. Roy wonders where his father is and Iris says he lives in New York. Roy is curious to meet the boy but Iris tells him he should leave. With Hobbs hitting again, the Knights surge into first place, needing just one win in their final three games against the Philadelphia Phillies to clinch the pennant. Against Pop\'s advice, a victory party is held at Memo\'s, where Roy again refuses a payoff from Gus. Memo feeds Roy a poisoned éclair, causing him to fall ill. Roy awakens in a hospital bed a few days later and learns that the Knights lost their last three games, setting up a one-game playoff against the Pittsburgh Pirates for the pennant. The doctor informs Roy that his stomach lining has been deteriorating due to his gunshot injury, which was discovered when they recovered the silver bullet while pumping Roy\'s stomach. Hobbs is warned that his stomach could tear apart and kill him if he continues to play ball. Memo visits Roy in the hospital and encourages him to accept Gus\' payoff. Roy later sneaks out of the hospital to take batting practice, but collapses after a few swings. Later that night, The Judge appears at Roy\'s bedside and increases his offer, even though he doesn\'t think Roy is in any condition to play. Hobbs refuses and The Judge threatens to ruin Roy\'s image by releasing photographs from the shooting, which were obtained from Mercy. The Judge also informs Roy that he has a contingency plan in place, having bribed another key player on the team. The day before the game, Iris visits Roy, who still blames himself for failing to achieve his full potential in baseball. Iris insists he\'s a great player anyway, but Roy responds that he could have been "the best there ever was." Roy asks whether her son is in New York with her and whether they will be attending the game. She says he is, but leaves before answering the second question. The day of the game, Hobbs goes to The Judge\'s office and returns The Judge\'s money. Memo fires a gun at the floor. Roy takes the gun from her and recognizes her similarity to Harriet Byrd. As Hobbs walks out, Gus predicts the Knights will lose. Hobbs heads to the locker room, where a nervous Pop is shaving. They converse briefly. Pop tells Roy he\'s the best player he\'s ever coached and the best hitter he ever saw, and tells him to suit up. Roy, injured and rusty, strikes out in his first at-bat. The Pirates take the lead when the Knights\' starting pitcher, Fowler, surrenders a two-run homer. Realizing Fowler is the player The Judge bribed, Hobbs goes to the mound and tells him not to throw the game. Fowler replies he\'ll start pitching when Roy starts hitting. In his next at-bat, Hobbs strikes out again, falling to the ground. Iris, sitting in the stands with her son, goes down to the railing and asks an usher to deliver a message to Roy. The message says she and her son are at the game and Roy is the boy\'s father. Shocked, Roy peers out from the dugout but cannot see them. In the bottom of the ninth, the Knights are still trailing 2-0 and are down to their final out. After the next two batters reach base, Hobbs comes up and the Pirates bring in a young, hard-throwing, left-handed pitcher. Hobbs fouls the first pitch back, breaking the glass to the press box, where Mercy had been sketching a cartoon of Roy as a goat. Hobbs swings through the next pitch. Down to his last strike, he hits what looks like a home run down the right field line, but the ball hooks foul. At the plate, he sees that Wonderboy is broken. The batboy brings him his own handmade bat, the Savoy Special, which Roy had helped him make. The catcher notices blood on Hobbs\' jersey, and calls for an inside fastball to exploit Roy\'s injury. With lightning flashing in the sky, Hobbs sends the ball into the lights above right field for the game- and pennant-winning home run. The lights explode and sparks rain down on the field as Hobbs rounds the bases. The screen fades to a wheat field bathed in sunlight, with Hobbs playing catch with his son as Iris watches.'] ['The story centers on Victor Joseph  and Thomas Builds-the-Fire  who live on the Coeur D\'Alene Indian Reservation in Plummer, Idaho. Thomas is an eccentric storyteller and Victor is an angry, brooding local basketball star. The two young men are linked through Victor\'s father, Arnold . Arnold rescued Thomas as an infant from a house fire that killed his parents. Consequently, Thomas considers him a hero. On the other hand, Victor, who endures Arnold\'s alcoholism, domestic violence, and eventual abandonment, regards his father with both deep love and bitter resentment. Thomas and Victor grow up together as neighbors and acquaintances, fighting with each other and simultaneously forming a close, albeit uneasy, alliance. When Arnold dies in Phoenix, Arizona, where he has settled after separating from Victor\'s mother Arlene , Victor and Thomas embark on a cross-country journey to retrieve his ashes and belongings. The trip turns out to be a soul-searching endeavor for both men. Neither of them lose sight of their identity as "Indians", but their perspectives differ. Victor is more stoic and pragmatic, and Thomas is more idealistic and traditional . This dichotomy continues all through the film and is the source of Victor\'s irritation with Thomas, and Thomas\'s fascination with Victor. Once in Phoenix, Victor must confront his conflicted feelings about his father, as well as his own identity. He also must grapple with information provided to him by his father\'s friend, Suzie Song ; namely, the true origins of the fire that killed Thomas\' parents. The trip turns out to ultimately cure Victor\'s brooding disposition toward life and shows him why his father became an alcoholic, was abusive, and eventually left their family. The film concludes with Victor achieving a better understanding of Thomas and of his unconditional reverence for Arnold.'] ['The film\'s narrative consists of several interwoven subplots taking place in the town of Northfork, Montana circa 1955. A new dam is being built which will flood the valley of Northfork, and the town is in the midst of an evacuation. The narratives focus on several individuals who, for one reason or another, have yet to evacuate. Walter O\'Brian  and his son  are on the evacuation team, helping to evacuate the last few inhabitants of Northfork. Father Harlan  is one such individual, who has stayed behind to care for Irwin , a dying orphan too weak to leave town. While the O\'Brians and their co-workers encounter an array of unusual characters, Irwin discovers that he is the "unknown angel" and finds himself a family in his dreams.'] ["In 1971 in Alexandria, Virginia, at the desegregated T. C. Williams High School, African American head coach Herman Boone  is hired to lead the school's football team. Coach Boone takes the coaching position from current head coach Bill Yoast , who has been nominated for the Virginia High School Hall of Fame, and who also later decides to move on to other coaching opportunities. In a show of respect and in an attempt to ease racial tension, Boone offers an assistant coaching position to Yoast. Yoast at first refuses Boone's offer, but is then tempted to join after the white players pledge to boycott the team if he doesn't participate. Dismayed at the prospect of the students losing their chances at scholarships, Yoast changes his mind and takes up the position of defensive coordinator. The black and white athletes of the football team frequently clash in racially motivated conflicts at their football camp, including those between captain Gerry Bertier  and Julius Campbell . However, after forceful coaxing and rigorous athletic training by Boone, and partly because of white Offensive Lineman Louie Lastik , the team achieves both racial harmony and triumph. In one scene, Coach Boone wakes the team up around 3:00 AM and takes them to a cemetery where the Battle of Gettysburg was fought and delivers a speech about hatred. After returning from football camp, Boone is told by a member of the school board that if he loses even a single game, he will be fired. Subsequently, the Titans go through the season undefeated while battling racial prejudice, before slowly gaining support from the community. Just before the state semi-finals, Yoast is told by a member of the school board that he will be inducted into the Hall of Fame after the Titans lose their game, implying that the game has been fixed to ensure Boone gets fired over his race. During the game, when it becomes apparent that the referees are engaging in biased officiating against the Titans, after seeing his daughter upset at the horrible calls, Yoast warns the head official that he will go to the press and expose the scandal unless the game is called fairly. The referees yield and the Titans ultimately win the game, but Yoast is told afterward that his actions have resulted in his loss of candidacy for the Hall of Fame. Later, while celebrating after the victorious game, Bertier is paralyzed in a car accident, when he is hit by a truck while accelerating into an intersection. Despite the fact that Bertier is no longer able to play, the team goes on to win the championship. Ten years later, the coaches and athletes from the team reunite to attend Bertier's funeral, as Sheryl reiterates the message of racial equality taught by the Titans. The epilogue reveals what many of the Titans are doing, ranging from getting married to going to college."] ['Infuriated at being told to write one final column after being laid off from her newspaper job, Ann Mitchell  prints a letter from a fictional unemployed "John Doe" threatening suicide on Christmas Eve in protest of society\'s ills. When the note causes a sensation and the paper\'s competition suspects a fraud and starts to investigate, the newspaper editor rehires Mitchell who comes up with a scheme of hiding the fictional nature of "John Doe" while exploiting the sensation caused by the fake letter to boost the newspaper\'s sales, for which she demands a bonus equal to 8 months\' pay. After reviewing a number of derelicts who have shown up at the paper claiming to have penned the original suicide letter, Mitchell and editor Henry Connell  hire John Willoughby , a former baseball player and tramp who is in need of money to repair his injured arm, to play John Doe. Mitchell now starts to pen an article series in Doe\'s name, elaborating on the letter\'s ideas of society\'s disregard of people in need. Willoughby gets $50, a new suit of clothes, and a plush hotel suite with his tramp friend , who launches into an extended diatribe against "the heelots", lots of heels who incessantly focus on getting money from others. Willoughby is hired to give radio speeches, guided by Mitchell who is promised $100 a week to write his speeches, paid by the newspaper\'s publisher, D.B. Norton ([[Edward Arnold . Willoughby turns down a $5,000 bribe to admit the whole thing was a publicity stunt, gives Mitchell\'s speech, and dashes off to the countryside with "The Colonel". They ride the rails, playing the harmonica and ocarina until they show up in Millsville, where John Doe is recognized at a diner. He\'s brought to City Hall, where he\'s met by Hanson, who gives a five-minute monologue about how he was inspired to start a local John Doe club. The John Doe philosophy spreads across the country, developing into a broad grassroots movement whose simple slogan is, "Be a better neighbor". Far from being an altruistic philanthropist, however, Norton plans to channel the support for Doe into support for his own national political ambitions. As a culmination of this plan, Norton has instructed Mitchell to write a speech for Willoughby in which he announces the foundation of a new political party and endorses Norton as its presidential candidate. When Willoughby, who has come to believe in the John Doe philosophy himself, realizes that he is being used, he tries to expose the plot, but is first stymied in his attempts to talk his own mind to a nationwide radio audience at the rally instead of reading the prepared speech, and then exposed as a fake by Norton, who claims to have been deceived, like everyone else, by the staff of the newspaper. Frustrated by his failure, Willoughby intends to commit suicide by jumping from the roof of the City Hall on Christmas Eve, as indicated in the original John Doe letter. Only the intervention of Mitchell and followers of the John Doe clubs persuades him to renege on his threat to kill himself. At this point in the movie, a reference to Jesus Christ is made, that a historical "John Doe" has already died for the sake of humanity. The film ends with Connell turning to Norton and saying, "There you are, Norton! The people! Try and lick that!"'] ['The protagonists are two freewheeling hippies: Wyatt , nicknamed "Captain America", and Billy . Fonda and Hopper said that these characters\' names refer to Wyatt Earp and Billy the Kid.<ref nameMarch 2011}} was a spiritual failure. The next morning, the two are continuing their trip to Florida  when two rednecks in a pickup truck spot them and decide to "scare the hell out of them" with their shotgun. As they pull alongside Billy, one of the men lazily aims the shotgun at him and threatens and insults him by saying, "Want me to blow your brains out?" and "Why don\'t you get a haircut?" When Billy flips his middle finger up at them, the hillbilly fires the shotgun at Billy, who immediately hits the pavement, seriously wounded in the side. As the truck then takes off past Wyatt down the road, Wyatt turns around and races back to put his jacket over his fatally injured friend, who is already covered in blood, before riding off for help. But by this time, the same pickup truck has turned around and closes on Wyatt. Not wanting any witnesses to report them to the police, the hillbilly fires at Wyatt as he speeds by the pickup, hitting the bike\'s gas tank and causing it to instantly erupt into a fiery explosion. Wyatt lands by the side of the road, dead. As the murderous rednecks drive away, the film ends with a shot of the flaming bike in the middle of the deserted road, as the camera ascends to the sky.'] ['John Singer is a deaf-mute whose small world brings him in contact with a young girl, Mick, who cherishes a seemingly hopeless dream of becoming a concert pianist. At first hostile, Mick soon becomes friends with Singer, hoping to enlarge his small world. Three other central characters come to Singer for help also, each of them seeing in him a powerful force. Yet some are so obsessed with their own troubles that they fail to see that Singer has some very serious ones of his own.'] [' Seventeen-year-old Marty McFly lives with his bleak, unambitious family in Hill Valley, California. His father, George McFly, is bullied by his supervisor, Biff Tannen, and his unhappy mother, Lorraine Baines McFly, is an alcoholic. Marty\'s underachieving older siblings, Dave and Linda, also live in the household. When Marty and his band audition to perform at the high school dance, they are rejected. Despite this setback, Marty\'s girlfriend, Jennifer, encourages him to pursue the dream of being a rock musician. At dinner that night, Lorraine recounts how she and George first fell in love when her father hit George with his car.  Marty meets his friend, scientist Dr. Emmett "Doc" Brown, late at night in the parking lot of a deserted shopping mall where Doc reveals a time machine made from a modified 1981 DeLorean DMC-12; the vehicle\'s time displacement is powered by plutonium, which supplies the 1.21 gigawatts of power to a device he calls the "flux capacitor." Doc explains that the car travels to a programmed date upon reaching 88 miles per hour, using the date November 5, 1955, as an example destination. Before Doc can make his first trip, the Libyan terrorists from whom he stole the plutonium shoot him. Marty attempts to escape in the DeLorean and inadvertently activates the time machine. He is transported back to November 5, 1955, and finds himself without the plutonium needed for the return trip. While exploring Hill Valley, Marty meets his teenaged father, who is being bullied by Biff. As George is about to be hit by Lorraine\'s father\'s car, Marty pushes him out of the way and is knocked out by the impact. Consequently, a teenaged Lorraine becomes infatuated with Marty instead of George. Marty is disturbed by her flirtations and leaves to find the younger Doc of 1955. Marty convinces Doc that he is from the future, and asks for help returning to 1985. Doc explains that the only available power source capable of generating 1.21 gigawatts of energy is a bolt of lightning. Discovering the "Save the Clock Tower" flyer that Marty received in 1985, indicating that lightning will strike the courthouse clock tower the following Saturday at 10:04 pm, Doc makes plans to harness the lightning strike to power the DeLorean\'s flux capacitor. When they observe a fading photograph of Marty with his siblings, they realize Marty has prevented his parents from meeting, jeopardizing his family\'s existence. Marty attempts to set George up with Lorraine. To make his parents fall in love, Marty plans to have George "rescue" Lorraine from Marty\'s inappropriate advances on the night of the school dance. A drunk Biff unexpectedly shows up, pulls Marty from the car, and attempts to force himself on Lorraine. George arrives to rescue her from Marty, but instead finds Biff, who humiliates George and pushes Lorraine to the ground. Standing up to him for the first time, George knocks Biff out. A smitten Lorraine follows George to the dance floor, where they kiss for the first time, ensuring Marty\'s existence. Marty arrives at the clock tower where Doc is making final preparations for the lightning strike, and tries to warn Doc of his impending 1985 murder in a letter, but Doc tears it up, fearing it will lead to altering the future. A falling tree branch disconnects Doc\'s wiring setup, but Doc repairs the connections in time to send Marty and the DeLorean back to 1985. Although Marty arrives too late to prevent him from being shot, Doc is still alive and admits to reading the letter anyway and wearing a bulletproof vest. Doc drops Marty off at home and uses the time machine to travel 30 years into the future. Marty awakens the next morning to find his family changed; Lorraine is happy and physically fit, a self-confident George is a successful science fiction author, Dave is a businessman, and Linda no longer has trouble finding boyfriends. George and Lorraine now have a closer relationship than ever, while Biff has become an auto detailer/washer who is on good terms with the McFly family. As Marty reunites with Jennifer, Doc arrives, insisting they accompany him to the future to sort out a problem with their future children. Marty and Jennifer enter the upgraded DeLorean, now a hovercar powered by nuclear fusion, and Doc flies the time machine into the future.'] ['Andy Taylor , now a US Postal Inspector, returns to his hometown of Mayberry, North Carolina with wife Helen  but without his second-born son Andy, Jr. . Andy returns to Mayberry to see son Opie  into fatherhood. Also, Andy plans to run in the soon-to-be held sheriff\'s election, as he has already asked county clerk Howard Sprague to prepare the paperwork. Andy puts aside any thoughts of running when he learns that his old deputy and cousin, Barney Fife , left Raleigh, and was appointed acting sheriff. Barney intends to win the elected position outright. However, the citizens question the easily riled Barney\'s sanity, when he falls for a commercial ploy touting a Myer\'s Lake monster. Meanwhile, Opie ponders moving his family out of Mayberry to expand his journalism career. Most of the characters from the old series are revisited. The milquetoast Howard Sprague , in an attempt to look younger, is seen in various hues of hair color. Gomer Pyle , having returned to civilian life following his stint in the Marines, shares filling-station duties with his cousin Goober  and the pair are seen together for only the second time in Mayberry history. Howard Morris and Denver Pyle reprise the hillbilly roles of Ernest T. Bass and Briscoe Darling, respectively, along with Maggie Peterson and The Dillards as the rest of the Darling clan. Otis Campbell ([[Hal Smith , the former town drunk, has become sober and now drives an ice cream truck. In the end, Andy learns that hotel owner Wally Butler was using Ernest T. Bass and Barney to propagate a lake monster panic. A dragon artifact was confiscated from a defunct restaurant and planted in the lake to boost business. Andy makes it look like Barney is the one who really figured out the scheme. At a "Fife victory rally", Barney learns that Andy canceled his bid out of friendship. Barney then makes an emotional withdrawal speech and endorses Andy. Andy agrees to serve, and the last shot seen is of the "new" sheriff and deputy lowering and folding up an American flag on Mayberry\'s Main Street.'] ['{{Anchor}} Rudy Russo  is a young and cunning used car salesman with aspirations of running for senate. He works at the struggling New Deal used car lot owned by the elderly Luke Fuchs , who agrees to help invest $10,000 in Rudy\'s campaign if he promises to keep the business alive. Meanwhile, across the street, Luke\'s younger brother Roy L. Fuchs  is desperate to keep his used car lot from being demolished and replaced by a proposed freeway exit. Wanting to collect life insurance money and New Deal from Luke, Roy hires his mechanic, ex-demolition derby driver Mickey , to recklessly drive Luke\'s 1957 Chevrolet Bel Air around the block with Luke in the passenger\'s seat. After the Bel Air crashes back into the lot, Luke dies of a heart attack, but leaves Rudy with evidence that Roy staged the "accident". In an attempt to prevent Roy from gaining any inheritance, Rudy has his superstitious co-worker Jeff  and mechanic Jim  help him bury Luke in the lot\'s backyard in an Edsel that was once New Deal\'s sign ornament. They explain to Roy that Luke went on a vacation to Miami. The next night, Rudy and his friends make an illegal live broadcast of their commercial in the middle of a football game, but it goes awry when Jeff finds out the car on display is red  and female model Margaret  has her dress stuck on the hood ornament - which rips and exposes her when the hood is popped open. The commercial results in New Deal receiving a massive number of customers the next day. In one deal, Jeff cons a family into buying a station wagon by having the lot\'s mascot dog Toby fake being run over during a test drive. While Roy lures customers in his lot by hiring a circus animal service, Rudy counters with a live stripper show. Luke\'s daughter Barbara Jane  visits the lot in hopes of reuniting with him after over 10 years, but Rudy conceals the truth about her father by taking her out on a date, which inadvertently convinces her to stay in town for a while. Rudy\'s gang broadcasts a commercial in the middle of Jimmy Carter\'s next presidential address, destroying some of Roy\'s used cars in the process. In retaliation, Roy storms into New Deal and attacks Jeff before discovering Luke\'s resting place. Roy brings the police to New Deal to dig through the backyard the next day, but Jim had taken the Edsel out of the pit, and he rigs it to crash on a power transformer - making everyone believe Luke was killed in the fiery accident. Roy believes he now has possession of New Deal, but Rudy points out that Barbara is effectively the new owner. Barbara, however, discovers the fiasco over her father\'s death and fires Rudy. As a final means of shutting down New Deal, Roy has his connections in a local TV station alter Barbara\'s commercial to imply that she has a mile of cars. Meanwhile, Rudy\'s luck changes when he wins a bet on a football game, guaranteeing him enough money for his campaign. But once he discovers that Barbara has been sent to court for false advertising, Rudy rushes in to convince the court she has a mile of cars. However, in order to avoid a charge of perjury, she must prove it in front of Judge H. H. Harrison ([[Al Lewis  by having over 250 cars by 2:45 p.m. Rudy spends his senate investment on buying 250 cars from Mexican dealer Manuel  and having 250 student drivers deliver them to New Deal in less than two hours. After overcoming Roy\'s attempt at disrupting the convoy and Jeff\'s superstition of driving a red car, the drivers arrive in time, with the total measurements long enough to equal a mile; thus saving the used car lot. Rudy and Barbara are then informed by Roy\'s former attorney Sam Slaton  that once the freeway ramp across the street is constructed New Deal will become the largest dealership in town.'] ['During the Great Depression, Longfellow Deeds , the co-owner of a tallow works, part-time greeting card poet, and tuba-playing inhabitant of the hamlet of Mandrake Falls, Vermont, inherits 20 million dollars from his late uncle, Martin Semple. His uncle\'s scheming attorney, John Cedar , locates Deeds and takes him to New York City. Cedar gives his cynical troubleshooter, ex-newspaperman Cornelius Cobb , the task of keeping reporters away from Deeds. Cobb is outfoxed, however, by star reporter Louise "Babe" Bennett , who appeals to Deeds\' romantic fantasy of rescuing a damsel in distress by masquerading as a poor worker named Mary Dawson. She pretends to faint from exhaustion after "walking all day to find a job", and worms her way into his confidence. Bennett proceeds to write a series of enormously popular articles mocking Longfellow\'s hick ways and odd behavior, giving him the moniker "Cinderella Man". Cedar tries to get Deeds\'s power of attorney in order to keep his financial misdeeds secret. Deeds, however, proves to be a shrewd judge of character, easily fending off Cedar and other greedy opportunists. He wins Cobb\'s wholehearted respect and eventually Babe\'s love. However, when Cobb finds out Bennett\'s true identity and tells Deeds, who had been in love with her, he is left heartbroken. Just as Deeds is ready to return to Mandrake Falls in disgust, a dispossessed farmer ([[John Wray  breaks into his mansion and threatens him with a gun. He expresses his scorn for the seemingly heartless, ultra-rich man, who won\'t lift a finger to help the multitudes of desperate poor. After the intruder comes to his senses, Deeds realizes what he can do with his troublesome fortune. He decides to provide fully equipped 10-acre farms free to thousands of homeless families if they will work the land for several years. Alarmed at the prospect of losing control of the fortune, Cedar joins forces with Deeds\' only other relative and his grasping, domineering wife in seeking to have Deeds declared mentally incompetent. Along with Babe\'s betrayal, this finally breaks Deeds\' spirit and he sinks into a deep depression. A sanity hearing is scheduled to determine who should control the Deeds\' fortune. During his sanity hearing, things look bleak for Deeds, especially since he initially refuses to defend himself. Cedar even gets Deeds\'s Mandrake Falls tenants—eccentric elderly sisters Jane and Amy Faulkner —to testify that Deeds is "pixilated", meaning odd like a pixie. That charge falls apart when the two spinsters, when questioned as to who else is pixilated, reply, "Why everyone, but us." After Babe convinces Deeds that she truly loves him, he systematically punches holes in Cedar\'s case—before actually punching Cedar in the face—and the judge declares him to be "the sanest man who ever walked into this courtroom."'] ["On her 100th birthday, Lucy Honicut Marsden recalls her life as a civil war veteran's 14 year old bride."] ["Nick Sennet  is a writer who returns to his Pacific Northwest hometown to write a novel. While in town, he meets Harry ,who, according to legend, is dead. As their friendship grows, Nick learns that Harry owns a run-down hat factory, where he spends his days drinking whiskey. When Nick becomes a projectionist at a local theatre, he decides that he is going to help Harry save himself before it is too late. While this is happening Nick meets Harry's old girlfriend, Louie Sinclair  They decide to try to renovate the factory, and to try to save Harry. When it seems that all will fail, they stumble upon a hidden cellar filled with vintage hats, which allows their dreams to be fulfilled."] ['A veteran U.S. Senate Democrat, Bulworth is losing his bid for re-election to a fiery young opponent. Bulworth\'s leftist views, formed in the 1960s and 1970s, have lost favor with voters, so he has conceded to moderate politics and to accepting donations from special interests. In addition, though he and his wife have been having affairs openly for years, they must still present a happy facade in the interest of maintaining a good public image. Tired of politics and his life in general and planning to commit suicide, Bulworth negotiates a $10 million life insurance policy with his daughter as its beneficiary in exchange for a favorable vote for the insurance industry. Knowing that a suicide will negate his daughter\'s inheritance, he contracts to have himself assassinated within two days\' time. Turning up in California for his campaign extremely drunk, Bulworth begins speaking his mind freely at public events and in the presence of the C-SPAN film crew following his campaign. After ending up in a night club and smoking marijuana, he even starts rapping in public. His frank, potentially offensive remarks make him an instant media darling and re-energize his campaign. Becoming romantically involved with young campaigner Nina , Bulworth hides out in her family\'s home. He is pursued by the paparazzi, his insurance company, his campaign managers, Nina\'s protective drug-dealing brother, and an increasingly adoring public, all before his impending assassination. Nina reveals she is the assassin he indirectly hired and will now not carry out the job. Bulworth happily accepts a new campaign for the presidency right before he is shot in front of a crowd of reporters and supporters by an insurance representative fearful of Bulworth\'s push for single-payer health care. At the end of the picture he lies gravely wounded in a hospital, and it is left unsaid and unclear if he lives, or dies from his wounds. The picture ends with poet Amiri Baraka playing a street poet and proclaiming in front of the hospital, "You got to be a spirit. You can\'t be no ghost."'] ['The film opens with Tom Joad , released from prison and hitchhiking his way back to his parents\' family farm in Oklahoma. Tom finds an itinerant ex-preacher named Jim Casy  sitting under a tree by the side of the road. Casy was the preacher who baptized Tom, but now Casy has "lost the spirit" and his faith . Casy goes with Tom to the Joad property only to find it deserted. There, they meet Muley  who is hiding out. In a flashback, he describes how farmers all over the area were forced from their farms by the deed holders of the land. A local boy , hired for the purpose, is shown knocking down Muley\'s house with a Caterpillar tractor. Following this, Tom and Casy move on to find the Joad family at Tom\'s Uncle John\'s place. His family is happy to see Tom and explain they have made plans to head for California in search of employment, as their farm has been foreclosed by the bank. The large Joad family of twelve leaves at daybreak, along with Casy who decides to come. They pack everything into a dilapidated 1926 Hudson "Super Six" sedan adapted to serve as a truck in order to make the long journey to the promised land of California.  The trip along Highway 66 is arduous, and it soon takes a toll on the Joad family. The elderly Grandpa  dies along the way. After he dies, they pull over to the shoulder of the road, unload him, and bury him. Tom writes the circumstances surrounding the death on a page from the Family Bible and places it on the body so that if his remains were found, his death would not be investigated as a possible homicide. They park in a camp and meet a man, a migrant returning from California, who laughs at Pa\'s optimism about conditions in California. He speaks bitterly about his experiences in the West. The family arrives at the first transient migrant campground for workers and finds the camp is crowded with other starving, jobless and desperate travelers. Their truck slowly makes its way through the dirt road between the shanty houses and around the camp\'s hungry-faced inhabitants. Tom says, "Sure don\'t look none too prosperous." After some trouble with a so-called "agitator," the Joads leave the camp in a hurry. The Joads make their way to another migrant camp, the Keene Ranch. After doing some work in the fields, they discover the high food prices in the company store for meat and other products. The store is the only one in the area, by a long shot. Later they find a group of migrant workers are striking, and Tom wants to find out all about it. He goes to a secret meeting in the dark woods. When the meeting is discovered, Casy is killed by one of the camp guards. As Tom tries to defend Casy from the attack, he inadvertently kills the guard. Tom suffers a serious wound on his cheek, and the camp guards realize it won\'t be difficult to identify him. That evening the family hides Tom under the mattresses of the truck just as guards arrive to question them; they are searching for the man who killed the guard. Tom avoids being spotted and the family leaves the Keene Ranch without further incident. After driving for a while, they have to stop at the top of a hill when the engine overheats due to a broken fan belt; they have little gas, but decide to try coasting down the hill to some lights. The lights are from a third type of camp: Farmworkers\' Wheat Patch Camp , a clean camp run by the Department of Agriculture, complete with indoor toilets and showers, which the Joad children had never seen before. Tom is moved to work for change by what he has witnessed in the various camps. He tells his family that he plans to carry on Casy\'s mission in the world by fighting for social reform. He leaves to seek a new world and to join the movement committed to social justice. Tom Joad says: I\'ll be all around in the dark. I\'ll be everywhere. Wherever you can look, wherever there\'s a fight, so hungry people can eat, I\'ll be there. Wherever there\'s a cop beatin\' up a guy, I\'ll be there. I\'ll be in the way guys yell when they\'re mad. I\'ll be in the way kids laugh when they\'re hungry and they know supper\'s ready, and when the people are eatin\' the stuff they raise and livin\' in the houses they build, I\'ll be there, too. As the family moves on again, they discuss the fear and difficulties they have had. Ma Joad concludes the film, saying: I ain\'t never gonna be scared no more. I was, though. For a while it looked as though we was beat. Good and beat. Looked like we didn\'t have nobody in the whole wide world but enemies. Like nobody was friendly no more. Made me feel kinda bad and scared too, like we was lost and nobody cared.... Rich fellas come up and they die, and their kids ain\'t no good and they die out, but we keep on coming. We\'re the people that live. They can\'t wipe us out, they can\'t lick us. We\'ll go on forever, Pa, cos we\'re the people.   The first part of the film version follows the book fairly accurately. However, the second half and the ending in particular are significantly different from the book. While the book ends with the downfall and break-up of the Joad family, the film switches the order of sequences so that the family ends up in a &#34;good&#34; camp provided by the government, and events turn out relatively well.{{citation needed}} In the novel Rose-of-Sharon  Rivers  gives birth to a stillborn baby. Later she offers her milk-filled breasts to a starving man, dying in a barn. These scenes were not included in the film. While the film is somewhat stark, it has a more optimistic and hopeful view than the novel, especially when the Joads land at the Department of Agriculture camp – the clean camp.{{citation needed}}Steinbeck, John. The Grapes of Wrath, 1939. Penguin Classics; Reissue edition October 1, 1992. Ivy and Sairy Wilson, who attend to Grandpa&#39;s death and travel with the Joads until they reach California, are left out of the movie. Noah&#39;s departure from the family is passed over in the movie. In the book, Floyd tells Tom about how the workers were being exploited, but in the movie he does not appear until after the deputy arrives in Hooverville. Sandry, the religious fanatic who scares Rose of Sharon, is left out of the movie. Vivian Sobchack argued that the film uses visual imagery to focus on the Joads as a family unit, whereas the novel focuses on their journey as a part of the &#34;family of man&#34;. She points out that their farm is never shown in detail, and that the family members are never shown working in agriculture; not a single peach is shown in the entire film. This subtly serves to focus the film on the specific family, as opposed to the novel&#39;s focus on man and land together.{{cite journal}}'] ['The film centers on the trials and tribulations of the Spencers, a family living in the Grand Teton Mountains of Wyoming during the early 1960s. As the patriarch of a large and growing family, Clay Spencer  is fiercely independent, yet dedicated to his family. While he resists the influence of religion, he struggles to remain faithful to his wife Olivia , to allow his son  to attend college, and to build a new home for his family.'] ['After World War II, Fred Derry , Homer Parrish , and Al Stephenson  meet while flying home to Boone City . Fred was a decorated Army Air Forces captain and bombardier with the Eighth Air Force in Europe who still suffers from nightmares of combat. Homer lost both hands from burns suffered when his aircraft carrier was sunk, and now uses mechanical hook prostheses. Al served as an infantry platoon sergeant in the 25th Infantry Division in the Pacific. Before the war, Al was a bank loan officer. He is a mature man with a comfortable home and a loving family: wife Milly , adult daughter Peggy , and college freshman son Rob. Al has trouble readjusting to civilian life, as do his two new acquaintances, and is showing signs of alcoholism. Shortly after returning home, Al is pursuaded to return to the bank . The bank president views Al\'s military experience as valuable in dealing with other vets who are returning to civilian life, and may seek loans from the bank. Al soon realizes the narrow tightrope that he\'s walking, when he approves a loan (without [[collateral  to a young Navy vet who wishes to purchase land for a farm, and is soon forced to explain to the bank president why he made the approval. Later, at a banquet held by the bank officers in his honor, a slightly inebriated Al manages to eloquently articulate, with some rambling, his belief that the bank  must stand with the vets who risked everything to defend the country, and give them every chance possible to rebuild their lives back home.  Before the war, Fred had been an unskilled drugstore soda jerk. He wants something better, but the tight postwar job market forces him to reluctantly return to his old job. Fred had met Marie  while in flight training and married her shortly afterward, before shipping out less than a month later. Marie became a nightclub waitress while Fred was overseas. Marie seems to have been largely enamored of Fred when he was an aviator, and now does not enjoy being married to a soda jerk. Homer was a football quarterback and became engaged to Wilma  before joining the Navy. Both Homer and his parents now have trouble dealing with his disability. He does not want to burden Wilma with a handicapped man and so pushes her away, although she adjusts best to his changed life, and still wants to marry him. Peggy meets Fred while bringing her father home from a bar where the three men meet once again. They are attracted to each other, and Peggy dislikes Marie, finding her shallow. Peggy tells her parents she intends to end Fred and Marie\'s marriage, but they tell her that their own marriage overcame similar problems. In order to protect Peggy, Al demands that Fred to stop seeing his daughter. Fred agrees, but the friendship between the two men becomes strained. At Fred\'s drugstore an obnoxious customer, who says that the war was fought against the wrong enemies, gets into a fight with Homer. Fred intervenes to protect his friend, and knocks the man into a glass counter. Having lost his job, Fred and Homer leave the drugstore. Later, Fred encourages Homer to put his misgivings behind and marry Wilma, offering to be his best man if he needs one. Arriving home, Fred discovers his wife with another veteran . Marie confronts Fred and tells him that she thinks he is a flop and that she is getting a divorce. Fred decides to leave town, and gives his father his medals and citations, saying that they were "passed out with the K-rations." His father tries to persuade Fred to stay and start a new life on his home turf. After Fred leaves, his father is nearly brought to tears when reading the citation for Fred\'s Distinguished Flying Cross, and learns for the first time what a hero his son truly had been. At the airport, Fred books space on the first outbound aircraft, without regard for the destination. While waiting, he wanders into a vast aircraft boneyard. Inside the nose of a B-17, he begins to relive and purge himself of the intense memories of combat. The boss of a work crew interrupts him. When the crew chief says the aluminum from the aircraft is being salvaged to build housing, Fred persuades the boss to hire him. At home, one evening, Wilma visits Homer and tells him that her parents want to her leave Boone City for an extended period, to try and forget him. Torn between wanting her to stay, but not wishing to burden her life living with someone in his condition, Homer bluntly demonstrates to Wilma how hard life with him would be, but when Wilma makes clear that she loves him anyway, he gives in and agrees to marry her. The story concludes on the day of Homer and Wilma\'s wedding, in the Parrish home. True to his word, the now-divorced Fred is Homer\'s best man at the wedding. Al and Fred meet for the first time after their confrontation in Butch\'s over his relationship with Peggy; and despite Al\'s friendly overtures, Fred remains cool. During the ceremony, Fred and Peggy watch each other tentatively from across the room. After the ceremony, Fred becomes convinced that he has to put the past behind him and build a new life. He approaches Peggy and holds her, telling her that it might be years before their lives become comfortable. She smiles, and they kiss and embrace.'] ['The film opens in 1937 Louisiana with four little girls out in the woods at night, each wearing a home-made headdress. The leader, Viviane Abbott, initiates them into a secret order she dubs the "Ya-Ya Sisterhood," which they seal by cutting their palms and taking a blood oath of undying loyalty. The film then moves to New York City in 2002, where Viviane\'s daughter, playwright Siddalee Walker , while overseeing production of her newest release, gives an interview with a reporter from Time, mentioning her unhappy childhood as a major source of inspiration for her work. The reporter sensationalizes Sidda\'s complaint, implying abuse and deep, dark family secrets. Vivi  reads the article and becomes extremely upset. She calls Sidda, but instead of speaking can only bang the phone on the table while crying that she is dead to her. Sidda, equally frustrated by her mother\'s behavior, also bangs her phone against the counter after Vivi has hung up on her. Much to the frustration of her fiancé, Connor McGill , Sidda takes her mother\'s behavior as a declaration of all-out war. Vivi takes down all the pictures of Sidda in her house, cuts her face out of family pictures, and mails the defaced pictures to Sidda, along with a copy of her will with Sidda\'s name marked out. Sidda in turn sends Vivi a newly-printed wedding invitation with the time and place cut out, plus torn-up tickets to her play. When the Ya-Ya Sisters learn of Vivi\'s war, they decide to take matters into their own hands to resolve it. Led by Caroline Eliza "Caro" Benett , Aimee Malissa "Teensy" Whitman , and Denise Rose "Necie" Kelleher  visit Sidda in New York, then drug her, kidnap her, and take her back to Louisiana. There they show her a scrapbook album her mother has kept, titled Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood, which they believe they must reveal to Sidda. They explain to Sidda her mother\'s experiences, depicted in flashbacks of their childhood, then as young women and mothers, including Sidda\'s own childhood. Vivi\'s  troubles include: encountering family racism as a child; a bitter, jealous mother who falsely accuses her of incest with her father, and the loss of her true love, Teensy\'s brother Jack  who is killed in World War II. She settles for an unhappy marriage with Shepherd James "Shep" Walker , a good and faithful man who loves her, despite the abuse she heaps on him because he isn\'t Jack. This is all well and good to Sidda, but doesn\'t change her opinion of her mother as a self-centered person unable to deal with her troubles, which she has unfairly inflicted on Sidda to the point of needing psychotherapy. Meanwhile, she tells Connor not to send out the wedding invitations, which troubles him enough to come down to Louisiana to find her. The Sisters then realize that Sidda must be told Vivi\'s deepest, darkest secret in order to understand. They try to persuade Vivi that she must do this herself, but she doesn\'t have the courage to tell her daughter, so they do it for her with Sidda\'s father present. In the meantime, Vivi tells Connor herself. The secret is that Vivi eventually had a nervous breakdown, requiring a period of hospitalization. Sidda finally understands the depth of her mother\'s suffering, and that she didn\'t have to waste money on therapy trying to find out why it was her fault. She also recalls a happy memory of her mother: when Sidda missed out on an airplane ride because she was too scared but then changed her mind, Vivi borrowed money to get the pilot to give one more ride, which she took with Sidda. Sidda forgives her mother, and tells her she wants to have the wedding at her house. Vivi makes her daughter a Ya-Ya headdress, and the Sisters induct her into the order.'] ["Badlands is narrated by Holly , a teenage girl living in a dead-end South Dakota town. One day she meets Kit , a rebellious young greaser who charms her and takes her as his accomplice on a cross-country killing spree. Holly's narration, describing her adventures with Kit with romantic clichés, is juxtaposed with the grim reality of Kit's sociopathic actions. The two are eventually arrested; Kit is executed for his crimes, while Holly receives probation."] ["Andy Farmer  is a New York City sports writer who moves with his wife, Elizabeth  to the seemingly charming town of Redbud, Vermont, so he can write a novel. They do not get along well with the residents, and other quirks arise such as being given funeral bills for a long-dead man buried on their land long before they acquired the house. Marital troubles soon arise from the quirkiness of Redbud as well as the fact that Elizabeth was critical of Andy's manuscript, while secretly getting her ideas for children's books published. They soon decide to divorce and sell their home, enticing the town's residents with a $15,000 donation to Redbud, as well as a $50 cash bonus to whoever made a friendly impression toward their prospective home buyers. To that end, the citizens remake Redbud into a perfect Norman Rockwell-style town. Their charade dazzles a pair of prospective buyers, who make the Farmers an offer on the house; however, Andy declines to sell, realizing that he genuinely enjoys small-town living. He and Elizabeth decide to stay together in Redbud, much to the chagrin of the locals, who are now angry that they lost their promised money. Though the mayor does not hold the Farmers liable for the $15,000, as the sale of their house did not occur, Andy decides to pay everyone in Redbud their $50, which helps improve his standing among the townspeople. The film ends with Andy taking a job as a sports writer for the Redbud newspaper, and Elizabeth, now pregnant with their first child, has written multiple children's stories."] ["Son Hayes ([[Michael Shannon  wakes up and gets dressed, revealing that he has scars from a shotgun blast on his back. He meets his younger brothers, Boy  and Kid , who live in a tent and a van respectively, saying that his wife Annie has left him over his gambling habit and inviting them to live in his house. Son and Kid earn meager livings at a fish farm, where workers take bets on how Son received his scars; Boy is an unsuccessful basketball coach at the local middle school. One night, while Son is researching his gambling system, the boys' estranged mother arrives to announce that their estranged father  has just died. The brothers crash the funeral, where their father's second family is mourning. Son delivers a scathing commentary on their father, especially for callously abandoning them to be raised by their hateful mother, while going off to lovingly raise a second set of sons meanwhile forgetting, for the most part, his first set of sons. In the process, Son nearly starts a brawl with his four half-brothers. The eldest half-brother, Mark , vows revenge and starts a chain of violent confrontations. Meanwhile, Annie returns and tries to salvage her relationship with Son, but Son is unwilling to give up gambling. Kid plans on marrying his girlfriend, Cheryl, should he get an expected raise, but worries about providing for her and staying faithful. After Mark kills Boy's dog by leaving a poisonous snake in its water bowl, Kid attacks and kills Mark, but is himself severely injured in the fight and dies in the hospital. Son and Boy are unaware that Mark's brothers Stephen and John were involved in the fight until after Kid's funeral, when an acquaintance named Shampoo tells them. Son then goes to their mother, who is coldly indifferent to everything that is happening, to inform her that Kid has just died, while condemning her for raising her sons to be full of hate toward their half-brothers, before leaving her for the last time. The confrontations between the remaining brothers escalate, with Son on one side and John and Stephen Hayes on the other side unwilling to let the matter rest, despite their brother Cleaman's attempts to stop the feud. Son and Boy invade their half-brothers' farm and attack Stephen, but are interrupted and hospitalized by the remaining family and other farm workers. Annie and Cheryl are left grieving and bewildered by the continued fighting. Boy purchases a shotgun and holds Cleaman at gunpoint, but hesitates after seeing the man's sons, and leaves. Boy expresses worry that Son will kill himself trying to protect him from the half-brothers. He recalls how Son received his scars while protecting him and Kid. The second family arms themselves with shotguns on their farm, bracing for a shootout. Boy arrives at the farm unarmed and states that he is done fighting, offering a truce. The less combative half-brothers force Stephen to accept the truce, but he worries that Son will not hold to the agreement. Afterwards, Son awakens from his coma. Boy returns to Son, who recuperates from his injuries. The movie ends with the beginning of fall, with Cleaman seeing his youngest brother John off to college, Boy coaching again, and Son living at home with Annie and their son, Carter. The final scene of the movie shows Son and Boy enjoying a peaceful afternoon on the porch with Carter."] ['In 1937, Ulysses Everett McGill , Pete Hogwallop , and Delmar O\'Donnell  escape from a chain gang at Parchman Farm and set out to retrieve the $1.2 million in treasure that Everett claims to have stolen from an armored car and buried before his incarceration. They have only four days to find it before the valley in which it is hidden will be flooded to create Arkabutla Lake as part of a new hydroelectric project. Early in their escape, while still chained together, they try to jump onto a moving train with some hobos, but fall off due to Pete\'s inability to get on. They then encounter a blind man  traveling on a manual railroad car. They hitch a ride, and he foretells their futures. They "seek a great fortune" and they will "find a fortune, though it will not be the one they seek". They will also see many wonders on their journey, including a "cow on the roof of a cotton house". They walk to Pete\'s cousin\'s house, Wash Hogwallop , who removes their chains, but, because he needs the money, he then turns them in to the police, led by Sheriff Cooley . The authorities set the barn they are sleeping in ablaze, but the trio quickly escapes with the help of Wash\'s son. When they pass a congregation on the banks of a river, Pete and Delmar are enticed by the idea of baptism, to the immense derision of the skeptical Everett. As the journey continues, they travel briefly with a young guitarist named Tommy Johnson . When asked why he was at a crossroad in the middle of nowhere, he reveals that he sold his soul to the devil in exchange for the ability to play the guitar. Tommy describes the devil as being "White, as white as you folks ... with empty eyes and a big hollow voice. He love to travel around with a mean old hound". This description matches Sheriff Cooley. The four of them come across a radio station run by a blind man , and record the song "Man of Constant Sorrow", calling themselves the Soggy Bottom Boys. Unknown to them, the song becomes famous around the state. The trio part ways with Tommy after their car is discovered by police, and they continue on their own. Among their many encounters, the most notable are a bank robbery with the famous bank robber George Nelson , a run-in with three sirens who seduce and drug them, and a mugging by a one-eyed Bible salesman named Big Dan Teague . Everett and Delmar arrive in Everett’s home town only to find that Everett\'s wife, Penny , is engaged to Vernon T. Waldrip , campaign manager for gubernatorial candidate Homer Stokes . She refuses to take Everett back and is so ashamed of him that she has been telling their daughters he was killed by a train. While watching a film in a cinema, Everett and Delmar discover that Pete is still alive, the sirens having turned him in to collect the bounty on his head. After Everett and Delmar rescue him from jail, Pete tells them that he gave up the location of the treasure. Everett reveals that he was in prison for practicing law without a license and that there was never any treasure; he only mentioned it to persuade the other men to escape so he could reconcile with his wife. Pete is outraged at this news, primarily because he only had two weeks left on his original sentence, which has now been extended 50 years in light of his escape. The trio stumble upon a Ku Klux Klan rally, where Tommy is about to be lynched. The three disguise themselves as the color guard and attempt a rescue, but Big Dan reveals their identities, and chaos ensues, in which the Grand Wizard is revealed to be Stokes. The trio flee the scene with Tommy cutting the wires supporting a large burning cross, which falls on and incinerates some of the Klansmen . Everett convinces Pete, Delmar, and Tommy to help him win his wife back. Disguised as musicians, they sneak into a Stokes campaign dinner that she is attending. Everett tries to convince his wife that he is "bona fide", but she brushes him off. The group begins an impromptu musical performance, during which the crowd recognizes them as the Soggy Bottom Boys and goes wild. Stokes, on the other hand, recognizes them as the group who disgraced his lynch mob and shouts for the music to stop, angering the crowd. He denounces the Soggy Bottom Boys as hostile to the social order, but the crowd is unimpressed and runs him out of town on a rail. Pappy O\'Daniel , the sitting governor, seizes the opportunity and endorses the Soggy Bottom Boys, granting them a full pardon while the event is being played on the radio. Penny accepts Everett back, but she demands that he find her original ring if they are to be married. As they leave the dinner, they run into a mob taking a jubilant George Nelson to jail. Delmar comments, "Looks like George is right back on top again". The group sets out with Tommy to retrieve the ring, which is at a cabin in the valley that Everett originally claimed to have hidden the treasure in. When they arrive, the police order their arrest and hanging. Everett protests, stating that they had been pardoned on the radio, but Sheriff Cooley ignores their pleas, responding that where he comes from, "[they] don’t have a radio". The three begin to despair while Everett improvises a prayer to be saved. Suddenly, the valley is flooded and they are saved from hanging. Using their coffins as rafts, Pete and Delmar jubilantly praise God, while Everett dismisses the incident as luck. He pipes down, though, as a cow floats by on top of a submerged cotton house. Tommy finds the ring in a desk that he is floating on in the new lake, and they return to town. Everett and Penny walk through town with their daughters in tow, singing. Everett presents the ring to Penny, who promptly states that it is the wrong one and demands her ring back. As Everett protests the futility of trying to find it at the bottom of the lake, the blind man rolls by on his railway handcar, his voice joining those of the girls in song.'] ['The Prize Winner of Defiance, Ohio is based on the true story of housewife Evelyn Ryan, who helped support her family by winning entries in jingle-writing contests. Evelyn\'s husband, Kelly, failed to support his family in part due to apparent alcoholism. He had dreamed of being a singer but lost his singing voice in a car accident, and was often cruel and abusive. In the movie, Evelyn wins a large freezer, ice buckets, a washing machine, a trip to New York, sleds, boots, a pony, a palm tree, a window, a sports car, a shopping spree in her local grocery store, ice crushers, a camera, dance shoes, a boat motor, pogo sticks, a case of dog food, and a lifetime supply of bird seed. Kelly, who feels like his role as provider for the family is being threatened, criticizes Evelyn and sometimes damages the prizes she wins. Their children side with her. At one point, Kelly gets angry at his wife and knocks her over while she is carrying 12 full glass bottles of milk, causing her to nearly sever a ligament. Evelyn is able to talk him down after each incident and, temporarily at least, he treats her better. Evelyn is largely isolated because of the hours she has to spend caring for the children and the lack of local intellectual equals. However, she is contacted by a group of other contest-entering mid-western housewives and befriends them. Ultimately, Evelyn discovers that Kelly had secretly taken out a second mortgage on their house and never made payments on it, leaving the family subject to an almost-certain foreclosure. The children pray for their mother\'s miraculous victory in a contest sponsored by Dr Pepper. She wins and pays the mortgage on the house. In the closing sequence, set years later, we learn that after Kelly died, Evelyn finds out that he has placed his pension checks in a bank account especially for her. The actual Ryan children are then shown as adults, including the actual Betsy Ryan and Terry "Tuff" Ryan, the author of the book.'] ['Dr. Benjamin Stone  is a hotshot young surgeon who longs to leave the drudgery of a Washington, D.C. emergency room and finally leaps at his chance at more money  and less death as a plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills. On his last day, Ben\'s relationship with his co-workers is presumed to be anything but a warm one. None of his colleagues will join him for a drink and a cake in his honor has an iced portion of the phrase "Good riddance, asshole" sliced out. Ben\'s cross-country drive in a 1956 Porsche 356 Speedster is interrupted when he crashes in the rural hamlet of Grady, South Carolina. The crash damages the fence of local Judge Evans , who sentences him to community service at a nearby hospital. Ben offers to pay for the fence, but the stern judge increases his community service each time he talks back. Defeated, he reports to the hospital, where Nurse Packer  humbles him by ordering him to clock in and out, as would a factory worker. Though upset, Ben quickly makes friends with Mayor Nick Nicholson , the town cafe\'s proprietor/head waitress , and Melvin , the local mechanic tasked with repairing Ben\'s car. Ben soon finds his clinic work to be much more laid-back than the emergency room. He has simple cases such as spots before the eyes , fishing hook impalings, and even reading mail for a young illiterate couple, whose baby he later delivers. The experience also humbles Ben when he mistreats a case of mitral valve regurgitation leading to late cyanosis in the child. The town\'s curmudgeonly doctor, Aurelius Hogue , orders Ben to give the boy a Coca-Cola. Dismissing Hogue\'s treatment as quackery, Ben calls for a helicopter to transport the boy to another facility in Athens, Georgia, to see a heart specialist. Hogue learns the boy had chewed his father\'s tobacco and explains the carbonic acid component of the soda would relieve his stomach ache. The two doctors finally bond when Ben saves Hogue after he suffers a near-fatal heart attack. Since Hogue is chomping at the bit to retire, Ben is urged by the folksy locals to stay - the pay is only $35,000 a year  but is made tempting by his budding romance with a tomboyish ambulance driver, Vialula , better known as "Lou." She is a single mother to four-year old Emma, the product of a relationship she had with a former boyfriend while living in New York. In the process, Ben confides that he grew up in a small town in rural Indiana, where his parents lived and died, and can\'t see himself confined to a small town. Ben is pardoned from community service after saving Hogue, and is free to go to California after his car is fixed. He shows signs of maturity from his experience in Grady and has become attached to his patients. Lou is also pursued by Hank Gordon , a local insurance salesman. One day, Hank waits for Ben at the mayor\'s lakeside lodge, where Ben has been staying. Ben expects a fight, but Hank explains that though he can\'t give Lou what Ben can, he\'s still a better man for her. After the two men talk, Ben comes to realize he\'s not selfless enough for a life with Lou and plans to not see her anymore. Putting career first, he leaves. On the west coast, Ben\'s new boss Dr. Halberstrom ([[George Hamilton  hires him at the interview, thanks to an unexpected letter of recommendation from Hogue. But Ben quickly tires of the superficiality of Beverly Hills. He\'s surprised by the Mayor\'s daughter Nancy Lee  and Hank, who have fled Grady to come to California. Hank tells Ben he took his own advice to "do what a man\'s gotta do." Ben, seeing an opportunity at true happiness, returns to Grady, hoping to patch things up with Lou, who takes him back.'] ['Set in the small, fictional American town of Dancer , only 81 people live in this town. Following their high school graduation, four young men wrestle with their decisions to leave town for Los Angeles.'] ["Set in a small 1940s Alabama town, the film follows Collin Fenwick  as he is sent to live with his father's maiden cousins, the sweet Dolly  and the overbearing Verena , following the death of his mother. He soon discovers that the Talbo household is anything but normal. After also losing his father, Collin grows to be close to Dolly and Catherine  and becomes acquainted with the eccentric townspeople, from the gossip-loving barber  to a traveling evangelist with fifteen illegitimate kids . To escape Verena's oppression, Dolly, Collin, and Catherine run away to an old tree house in the woods. Their rebellion sparks a series of events that change their lives and the entire town as well.{{cite web}}<ref namehttp://movies.nytimes.com/movie/135059/The-Grass-Harp/overview |titleVan Gelder |first2008-10-22 |dateNew York Times}}"] ['Eighteen-year-old Tim Pearson, a soon-to-be graduate of Grandview High School, wants to go to Florida to study oceanography. Tim\'s father, Roger Pearson, loans Tim his brand new Cadillac to go to the Prom with his date Bonnie Clark. Later, while parked near a stream, Tim and Bonnie are making out in the Cadillac, when they feel the car moving, only to discover that the car is falling into the stream. Tim and Bonnie walk to "Cody\'s Speedway" to get a tow truck, Bonnie calls her father, who is so angry about the accident that he punches Tim. Mechanic Michelle "Mike" Cody comes to Tim\'s defense, and has Ernie "Slam" Webster, a local demolition derby driver, tow the car, taking Tim along. Slam stops at the bowling alley to see if his wife Candy had been there, but she wasn\'t. The next morning, Tim goes to see his father at his office. He talks to Tim and hints to him that he does not want Tim to drive his car again. Tim runs into Mike and thanks her for helping him with the car. Tim goes out to the Speedway, where he meets Mike\'s mentally challenged brother, Cowboy. Later on that night, Mike goes to the bar to see her uncle, Bob Cody, and asks if she can borrow $10,000, so she can fix up the Speedway. Bob doesn\'t have that kind of money, but wants to help her. Just then, they both hear a drunken Slam beating on a video game. Mike and Bob help Slam out to her truck. Mike and Slam talk about old times they had together. Slam is at work the next morning, hungover, but his boss tells him to go home. Slam gets home and sees his wife Candy with another man, Donny. Enraged, he jumps on the lover\'s car demanding that Candy come back to him; in the ensuing struggle, Donny accidentally shoots himself in the foot. At the hospital, Candy declines to press charges, but refuses to come home with him. That night, Mike sees Slam sleeping in his truck. Mike tries to comfort him, believing that he does not really love Candy, and is simply afraid of being alone. Later that day, Slam comes back and asks Mike if she wants to go out for dinner, but she tells him has to go to a County Commission meeting. Tim and his dad go the same meeting, and Tim tells Roger that he wants to go to Florida; Roger is not too happy with his decision. At the Town Hall, Roger asks Tim to go to his office and get his rolaids. In the office, Tim sees plans for the Speedway renovation on his dad\'s desk. At the meeting, Mike asks the commission for more time to come up with the money to fix up the Speedway, but the commission won\'t give it to her. Tim comes in and reveals what they have planned. He then gets into an argument with his father and leaves. He runs into Mike, who thanks him for saving her place. They both go for a hamburger at the local restaurant, and Mike invites Tim to her house, where they spend the night together. Mike asks Tim if he still wants to drive in the Derby, she gives him a car to drive. In the morning, Slam shows up at the door and discovers them in bed together; he leaves, upset. Later on that day, Roger sees Tim near the stream, and says he is sorry about the fight. He asks Tim to give Illinois State University a chance, but Tim wants to go to Florida. At the Speedway, Mike sells her old cars to make extra money; this upses Cowboy, who runs off crying. Slam goes to his house and sees his stuff on the lawn. Donny stands by the door and taunts Slam, telling him he called the cops. Slam gets his things and leaves. Later that night, the Demolition Derby is going on, and Tim is in the race, competing against Slam. At the race\'s climax, Slam crashes into Tim. Mike is mad cause she thinks Slam did it on purpose, and tells him to leave the track. Later that night, Candy and Donny are having sex in Slam\'s house when, suddenly, Slam appears on a bulldozer and knocks the walls down. The cops arrest Slam. As Tim and Mike drive home from the hospital, they see firetrucks passing by, and discover that the Speedway has burned down. Mike asks her mother what had happened, and she says it just started up. In the morning, however, the police discover that the gas tank was unlocked. It is eventually revealed that Cowboy started the fire because Mike sold the old cars. Tim and Mike talk, and she admits she is in love with Slam. Mike goes to bail Slam out from jail. He offers to help fix the Speedway, but Mike says she will sell the land to Roger Pearson; that way, they can afford to start a life together. Mike asks Slam for a favor. Tim is on his way to Chicago, with his family in tow to say goodbye. The bus leaves and a car is driving by the side of the bus; it is Slam, who gives Tim the old car and money for his trip to Florida.'] ['Dave Kovic  runs a temporary employment agency in Georgetown, Washington, D.C., and, as a side job, makes appearances impersonating President Bill Mitchell , whom he resembles, at events such as automobile dealerships and supermarket openings. He is requested by Secret Service agent Duane Stevensen  to make an appearance as the President at a hotel where he is making a speech. Dave assumes it is a matter of security, but it is really to cover up Mitchell\'s extramarital affair with a White House staffer . Mitchell suffers a severe stroke during the liaison, leaving him in a coma. White House Chief of Staff Bob Alexander  and Communications Director Alan Reed  convince Dave to continue impersonating the President. They tell him that Vice President Gary Nance  is mentally unbalanced, but in actuality Bob does not want the Vice President in power because it will prevent Bob from achieving his own agenda. Only Bob, Alan, the Secret Service, and the medical staff tending to Mitchell know of the switch. First Lady Ellen Mitchell  lives a mainly separate life, seeing little of the President. The public is notified that Mitchell has had a "minor circulatory problem of the head." With Dave established as president, Bob and Alan send Nance on a goodwill tour of Africa and implicate him in a savings and loan fraud that Bob and Mitchell perpetrated. Once Nance is forced to resign, Bob plans for Dave to nominate him as vice president, whereupon Mitchell will have a more serious stroke and Bob will ascend to the presidency. Dave\'s enthusiasm revives Mitchell\'s popularity, as commented on by numerous media personalities and Congressmen who make cameo appearances. Dave visits a homeless shelter with the First Lady, who does not understand why he has taken a sudden interest in her project. Bob falsifies Mitchell\'s veto of a funding bill that includes the shelter, ostensibly for budget reasons. After the First Lady confronts Dave about the veto, Dave confronts Bob, who coldly tells him that if he can cut $650 million from the budget he can keep the shelter. Dave has his friend Murray Blum , an accountant, help him rewrite the federal budget so that the project may be reinstated, whereupon he also finds that an extreme majority of the budget is being used for frivolous expenses . The First Lady suspects that the current Mitchell is not really her husband, and tricks Dave into revealing the truth. When Dave and Duane shows her the real Bill on life support in the White House basement, she and Dave decide to secretly leave the White House. However, after a night out, they realize all the good they could do, and decide to return. Already furious about the budget changes, Bob snaps at Dave when he calls a surprise press conference. Dave forces him to resign , then announces a plan to create employment for every American who wants work. Nance returns from Africa and confronts Dave about the savings and loan scandal; Dave realizes Bob and Alan have misled him about Nance . Nance tells Dave he thinks the jobs initiative is a wonderful idea, but that the scandal will make it difficult to pass. Wanting to know how the Vice President got started, Dave learns that Nance had been a shoe salesman before his wife convinced him to run for city council. Dave talks with Ellen about how Nance is a good man; Ellen, realizing what Dave is planning, realizes she doesn\'t want to lose Dave, for she has fallen for him. Bob, out for revenge, reveals Mitchell\'s involvement in the savings and loan scandal. In a joint session of Congress, Dave admits to Mitchell\'s role in the scandal, but introduces evidence proving that Bob was the mastermind and Nance was not involved. Bob, watching the session on TV with Republican friends, realizes Alan has betrayed him and is soon alone at home. During the speech, Dave fakes a stroke and makes a switch with the real Mitchell in an ambulance taking him to the hospital. Nance becomes acting president and is sworn in as President five months later when Mitchell dies; he announces he will continue the push for Dave\'s jobs plan. Bob and other members of the administration are indicted on various charges on the day the jobs initiative passes. Back at his old job, Dave decides to run for city council. Ellen Mitchell arrives to reunite with him. Duane, now on Dave\'s campaign team, stands guard outside the office door.'] ['{{Plot}} crop. The sweltering heat and the drone of the insects build to a fever pitch as the cotton bolls tear at fingers, arms, backs, and bodies. Moze turns to muttering. He discusses the lack of progress with Will, and Edna overhears their conversation. Edna orders him to hire extra pickers, but can pay them only if they win the prize for the first bale. Will takes over the kitchen duties as all hands pick cotton. His hears 11 trucks of cotton pickers arriving from further south. He reports this to Moze, who calculates that they have 3 days left to pick the cotton. In Edna’s exhaustion her mind escapes back to good times dancing with her husband and she wakes up in bed early in the morning still dressed. Edna is still in her dream as she moves through the kitchen, as the music and the dance come to an end and she is back in reality. She reorients to the day and then goes back to the field in the sweltering heat and the blistering cotton. They work into the darkness of night, under lanterns. Wayne shows up to help but this is not yet enough to convince Margaret that their relationship is worth redeeming. As the morning arrives Moze gathers Edna from her daze. On the way to the cotton gin Moze instructs her on how to make the negotiations. The dealer arrives to see if he and Edna can do some “bidness.” Edna drives a hard bargain and gets her price. She does well enough that Moze has dreams of a tractor and much more. All are back at the dance hall again. Frank moves a step up toward manhood as he asks his mother for a dance and leads her stiffly but confidently. Wayne manages to convince Margaret to dance with him once again. The community responds by complimenting the two of them together. Margaret still has flashbacks of Wayne and Viola back together. All is not right at the house while Edna is away. Moze goes outside to investigate a noise and is accosted by white-hooded Klan members. Will hears the disturbance and finds the Sheriff’s revolver. He comes out shooting into the air to end the beating. The hooded figures are surprised by his ability. Will identifies all the hooded figures by their voices and they depart. Moze apologizes but packs up and moves on, leaving his best wishes and small gifts for Edna and the kids. Edna tells him that he must be proud of him, as black or white the fact is that he was the man who brought the first bale of cotton that year, and that he should never forget this. Viola and her husband depart for Houston and a new life. The movie ends as it began, on a Sunday with the sounds of a church choir singing "Blessed Assurance". The minister reads "the Love Chapter" or 1 Corinthians 13 where it is told that no matter what you do, if you don\'t love, everything is worthless. At the church Wayne and Margaret are together and she accepts him back, taking his hand. As the choir sings "In the Garden", Wayne passes communion to Margaret and communion is passed from person to person living and dead: the banker, the wealthy, the musician, Moze who has had to flee, Will, Possum, Frank, Edna, Royce, and the black boy who killed him sitting by his side. There is an implicit double message: that love could gather all together as we are taught at Church, but also that some of those who on Sundays go to Church and publicly pretend to love are the same ones that from Monday to Saturday belonged to the Ku-Klux-Klan, killed the drunken black boy, got rid of their blinded brother in law or intended to force a widowed mother to part from her children instead of helping her in her troubles. We see those persons while we hear the priest saying "If I don\'t have love, I am nothing". In contrast with this, Edna did everything out of love : love to her husband, her children, her sister, his new family members. She had a place in her heart for each of them. The last words are “Peace of God” spoken by the boy to the Sheriff he had accidentally killed.'] ['The film opens with a series of still photographs appearing over melancholic music, representing the abstract memories of the unseen Herman Raucher, now a middle-aged man. We then hear Raucher  recalling the summer he spent on the island in 1942. The film flashes back to a day that then 15-year-old "Hermie"  and his friends – jock Oscy  and introverted nerd Benjie  – spent playing on the beach. They spot a young soldier carrying his new bride  into a house on the beach and are struck by her beauty, especially Hermie, who is unable to get her out of his mind. They continue spending afternoons on the beach where, in the midst of scantily-clad teenage girls, their thoughts invariably turn to sex. All of them are virgins: Oscy is obsessed with the act of sex, while Hermie finds himself developing romantic interest in the bride, whose husband he spots leaving the island on a water taxi one morning. Later that day, Hermie finds her trying to carry bags of groceries by herself, and helps get them back to her house. They strike up a friendship and he agrees to return to help her with chores. Meanwhile, Oscy and Hermie, thanks to a sex manual discovered by Benjie, become convinced they know everything necessary to lose their virginity. Led by Oscy, they test this by going to the cinema and picking-up a trio of high-school girls. Oscy stakes out the most attractive one, Miriam ([[Christopher Norris , "giving" Hermie her less attractive friend, Aggie  and leaving Benjie with Gloria, a heavyset girl with braces. Frightened by the immediacy of sex, Benjie runs off, and is not seen by Hermie or Oscy again that night. Hermie and Oscy spend the entirety of the evening\'s film attempting to "put the moves" on Miriam and Aggie. Oscy pursues Miriam, eventually making out with her during the movie, and later learns her ways are well-known on the island. Hermie finds himself succeeding with Aggie, who allows him to grope what he thinks is her breast; Oscy later points out Hermie was fondling her arm. The next morning, Hermie helps the bride move boxes into her attic and she thanks him by giving him a kiss on the forehead. Later, in preparation for a marshmallow roast on the beach with Aggie and Miriam, Hermie goes to the local drugstore. In a painfully humorous sequence he builds up the nerve to ask for condoms. That night, Hermie roasts marshmallows with Aggie while Oscy succeeds in having sex with Miriam between the dunes. He is so successful he sneaks over to Hermie and Aggie to ask for more condoms. Confused as to what\'s happening, Aggie follows Oscy back, where she sees him having sex with Miriam and runs home, upset. The next day, Hermie comes across the bride sitting outside her house, writing to her husband. Hermie offers to keep her company that night and she says she looks forward to seeing him, revealing her name is Dorothy. An elated Hermie goes home and puts on a suit, dress shirt and heads back to Dorothy\'s house, running into Oscy on the way; Oscy relates that Miriam\'s appendix burst and she\'s been rushed to the mainland. Hermie, convinced he is at the brink of adulthood because of his relationship with Dorothy, brushes Oscy off. He heads to her house, which is eerily quiet. Going in, he discovers a bottle of whiskey, several cigarette butts, and a telegram from the government. Dorothy\'s husband is dead, his plane shot down over France. Dorothy comes out of her bedroom, crying, and Hermie tells her "I\'m sorry." The sense of empathy triggers her to channel to Hermie some of her loneliness. She turns on the record player and invites Hermie to dance with her. They kiss and embrace, tears on both their faces. Without speaking, and to the sound only of the waves, they move to the bedroom, where she draws him into bed and gently makes love with him. Afterward, withdrawing again into her world of hurt, Dorothy retires to the porch, leaving Hermie alone in her bedroom. He approaches her on the porch, where she can only quietly say "Good night, Hermie." He leaves, his last image of Dorothy being of her leaning against the railing, as she smokes a cigarette and stares into the night sky. At dawn Hermie meets Oscy and the two share a moment of reconciliation, with Oscy informing Hermie that Miriam will recover. Oscy, in an uncharacteristic act of sensitivity, lets Hermie be by himself, departing with the words, "Sometimes life is one big pain in the ass." Trying to sort out what has happened, Hermie goes back to Dorothy\'s house. Dorothy has fled the island in the night and an envelope is tacked to the front door with Hermie\'s name on it. Inside is a note from Dorothy, saying she hopes he understands she must go back home as there is much to do. She assures Hermie she will never forget him, and he will find his way of remembering what happened that night. Her note closes with the hope that Hermie may be spared the senseless tragedies of life. In the final scene, Hermie, suddenly approaching manhood, is seen looking at Dorothy\'s old house and the ocean from a distance before he turns to join his friends. To bittersweet music, the adult Raucher sadly recounts that he has never seen Dorothy again or learned what became of her. After the film ends, the cast is given by showing a still photo of each of the primary cast members with a superimposed name. The movie had exactly eight on-screen speaking characters: Dorothy, the Terrible Trio, the three teenaged girls and the druggist.'] ['{{plot}} Peter Appleton , an up-and-coming young screenwriter, is in a meeting of Hollywood executives who are dreaming up ways to radically change the plot of a movie he has written. Not long after, he learns that he has been accused of being a Communist because he attended an antiwar meeting in college years before, a meeting he claims he only attended to impress a girl. In an instant, his new film is pushed back for a few months, the credit is given to someone else, his movie star girlfriend leaves him, and his contract with the studio is dropped. He gets drunk and accidentally drives his car off a bridge and into a river. He is knocked unconscious and wakes up on an ocean beach with amnesia. He finds himself in a small town called Lawson after being discovered by Stan Keller  who takes him to the local doctor named Doc Stanton . The townsfolk believe him to be Luke Trimble, one of the town boys killed in World War II 9 years before, and embrace him as a symbol of hope. "Luke" is at first mildly hesitant to embrace this life but he eventually settles in to "his old life", and with his "father" Harry  and his "girlfriend" Adele Stanton , starts to restore The Majestic theater, an old movie house that had been closed because of hard times. Meanwhile, in Washington, D.C., Congressional committee member Elvin Clyde  is convinced that Appleton\'s disappearance is proof that he is a Communist. Clyde sends two federal agents to search for him. Back in Lawson, not everyone believes that "Luke" is back. Bob Leffert , a one-handed veteran who knew the real Luke and did not like him not only is convinced that Peter is not Luke, he also believes that this stranger is setting the town up for more heartbreak. A few days later, the town throws a welcome home party for "Luke" headed by Mayor Ernie Cole . The town then asks him to play the piano which he used to do when he was a kid. But instead of playing one of the classics he was taught to play, he eventually falls into a roadhouse boogie tune. On his way home, he runs into Bob, who confronts him about the suspicions he has had about "Luke", and then punches him when Peter makes a remark about how the war must have damaged him more than is readily apparent. Peter, Harry, Adele, and the other staff members of The Majestic and the rest of the townsfolk work together to restore the theater to its former glory. In the process, Peter also convinces the town to finally display a memorial that President Franklin D. Roosevelt had commissioned after the war, but that the town did not have the heart to erect. Peter recovers from his amnesia when The Majestic shows a movie he wrote called "Sand Pirates of the Sahara." At the same moment, Harry suffers a massive heart attack before the reel change, halting the movie. Doc tells Peter that Harry\'s condition is fatal and that he will die soon. At Harry\'s death bed, Peter lets him die believing that he is really his son. Immediately after Harry\'s funeral, Peter tells Adele that he has regained his memory and knows that he is not Luke. Adele admits that she suspected it. Before he can break the news to the other townspeople, however, federal agents Ellerby  and Saunders  confront him publicly, having tracked him down after two boys discovered his car washed up on the beach. When Sheriff Cecil Coleman  asks if he can help the federal agents with something, the agents present Peter with a summons to appear before Congress. That night, the theater closes early after no one shows up to watch the shows. Peter talks with Emmett , who tells him that he realized that Peter wasn\'t Luke the moment he heard Peter "pounding out that fine roadhouse boogie" tune on the piano, which Luke could never learn to play. He kept that knowledge to himself, realizing that the town needed "Luke" to be the town\'s hope for the future. Peter then leaves ownership of the theater to Emmett and Irene, the theater\'s vendor. Peter\'s agent advises him to "admit" and then denounce his past associations with the Communist Party, and presents him with a list of named "Communists" that he could read before the committee to clear his name. Initially, Peter reluctantly agrees to this plan, but an argument with Adele and a letter he finds in a pocket-sized copy of The Constitution  that was written as a sort of "goodbye letter" from the real Luke  trying to explain to Adele that he knows he might die for a real cause, inspire Peter to instead confront the committee. At the hearing headed up by Congressman Doyle  which is televised with the citizens of Lawson also watching, Peter makes an impassioned speech about American ideals, which wins the crowd over. Fearing a political backlash, the lawmakers let him go free. Peter then finds out that it was in fact the girl that he went to the college meeting with years before that named him to the committee . Soon after, Peter sits in with the same group of unseen studio executives that were heard at the film\'s opening, brainstorming changes to the plot of the same film yet again. Finally, exasperated, Peter walks away from them, and his career, in disgust. Peter then returns to Lawson, fearing an unwelcome reception. To Peter\'s surprise, he receives a hero\'s welcome from the town\'s citizens, who have come to respect Peter as an individual. The epilogue shows that Peter has resumed ownership and management of The Majestic. Still photos in the residence above the movie house reveal that Adele and Peter have gotten married and have a son.'] ["The film starts in the small town of Endora, Iowa. Gilbert Grape  is busy caring for his mentally disabled brother, Arnie , as they wait for the many tourists' trailers to pass through town during their early camp ritual at a nearby recreational area. His mother, Bonnie  is morbidly obese after years of depression following her husband's suicide by hanging himself. She hasn't left the house in years, and is always found sitting on the sofa watching television. With Bonnie unable to care for them by herself, Gilbert has taken responsibility for repairing their shanty of a farmhouse while looking after Arnie, who has a habit of climbing up the town water tower if left unsupervised for too long. All the while his older sister Amy  and younger sister Ellen  slave away in the kitchen. The relationship between the brothers is one of care and protection. In order to cope with his frenetic life, Gilbert has taken on a secret love affair with a housewife, Betty , whilst her insensitive, unsuspecting husband Ken , is fully intent on selling Gilbert insurance for his family. A new chain supermarket has opened, threatening the small Lamson's Grocery store where Gilbert works, as well as threatening all the other small-time businesses in Endora. The chain supermarket stocks all kinds of goods, rendering many of the local shops redundant. While the family prepares for Arnie's upcoming 18th birthday party, a young woman named Becky  and her grandmother are stuck in town when their truck towing their trailer breaks down. Gilbert's unusual life circumstances threaten to get in the way of their budding romance. In order to spend time with Becky watching the sun set, Gilbert leaves Arnie alone in the bathtub by himself, believing he is now old enough to get out on his own. He returns home late and wakes up the following morning to find Arnie still in the bath, shivering in the now-cold water. He puts a towel around him but yet again Gilbert gets the blame for leaving him. Gilbert's guilt is compounded by his family's anger. As a result Arnie refuses to get near water, including the pond by Becky's trailer, and his fear causes him to become extremely dirty, adding to the many problems Gilbert faces. Betty's affair with Gilbert ends when she begins to make demands on him and tries to have sex with him while he's on the phone with her husband. Ken drowns after suffering a cardiac arrest and landing face down in his sons' wading pool. Many of the townspeople believe Betty killed her husband, despite the insistence of Gilbert's friend, Bobby McBurney , one of the town coroners, who believes he died of cardiac arrest. Besides Bobby, Gilbert is the only one who believed Betty didn't commit murder. She eventually leaves town in search of a new life. Becky bonds with Gilbert and Arnie and helps Gilbert reflect on his feelings. They become deeply involved in conversation until Gilbert realizes that Arnie is missing. He has returned to the water tower he is forever trying to climb and this time has succeeded at getting to the top. Arnie is arrested, compelling Bonnie, who has not left the house in seven years, to rush to the police station to demand his release, causing her appearance to be ridiculed by the townspeople. Later at home, Arnie wonders what is in a big box that Gilbert had left in the fridge. He finds a birthday cake and gets caught eating it, which Gilbert told him not to touch. Gilbert orders Arnie to take a bath as punishment, and Arnie resists when Gilbert tries to force him. Losing his temper, Gilbert strikes Arnie hard making him bleed. Appalled at himself and angry at his life in general, Gilbert drives away, leaving Endora. Arnie leaves the house to find Becky, who takes care of him. Gilbert returns to town and sees Arnie with Becky, who is able to get him to enter the lake. Arnie falls from a branch in a tree and goes in the lake, thus helping him overcome his fear of water. After Amy and Ellen come to Becky's and take Arnie home, Gilbert approaches Becky and the two talk about his own frustration and the reality of his father's death. The next day he returns home during Arnie's birthday party to apologize. Following Arnie's eighteenth birthday and meeting Becky for the first time, Bonnie climbs the stairs to her bedroom for the first time in years. That evening she passes away in her bed. Arnie tries to wake her, thinking that she is just playing. He soon realizes what has happened, runs out of the house and begins to hurt himself. As his sisters try to stop him, they realize that Bonnie has died. Jerry, the local sheriff, and his deputies tell the Grape family that they would need more men to get Bonnie's heavy corpse out of the house . After the police leave, Gilbert and his sisters soon cry over losing her. The siblings realize that her removal would draw a gawking crowd and want to protect their mother from being a spectacle. They empty the house except for their mother's body. Then Gilbert sets the house on fire, not willing to see a crane remove her and for the inevitable ridicule to ensue. One year later, Gilbert and Arnie are looking out again to watch the trailers pass. Through voice over, Gilbert tells of Amy getting a job offer to manage a bakery in Des Moines, and Ellen being thrilled to switch schools. Arnie chases the vehicles, arms flailing, excited to see Becky again. Along with Becky and her grandma, Gilbert and Arnie hit the road."] ['Alex is a married Junior Leaguer with a penchant for interesting shoes. Her Junior League chapter\'s annual project is to volunteer at Hope House, an AIDS hospice that recently opened in her home town of Azalea Springs, Texas. Alex and her League friends, including her friend Sloan, tour Hope House. Alex runs into her best friend Spencer, whose lover Bruce is a resident, and Grace, a friend from high school who had recently moved back to Azalea Springs to work at Hope House as a nurse. That night at the town\'s annual Azalea Ball, a drunken Spencer tells a society matron that his homosexuality was caused by drinking the local water. An equally drunken Sloan overhears and spreads the story. A panic ensues, with the local newspaper printing the story and commissioning testing of the water supply. Mark, the son of the publisher, objects to his father, but because Mark is himself struggling with his homosexuality and attending meetings of an ex-gay group at the local church, he\'s limited in what he can do to mitigate the story and the resultant damage. The leader of the ex-gay group, Brother Daniel, announces plans to protest for the closing of Hope House. Alex and Grace renew their friendship and Grace comes out as a lesbian to her. Grace returned to Azalea Springs because her husband found out about an affair she was having with another woman and is now in prison for assaulting Grace. At an ex-gay meeting, Mark meets Tomas, a painter. Mark hires Tomas to re-paint his dining room. The Junior League decides not to continue volunteering at Hope House. Alex, who\'s resigned from the League, goes to work full time at the hospice over her husband Robert\'s objections. Alex develops some curiosity about her possible lesbianism and rents a number of classic lesbian-themed films: Desert Hearts; Lianna; Personal Best; Heavenly Creatures; Bar Girls; Claire of the Moon; The Incredibly True Adventure of Two Girls in Love; an unnamed, presumably pornographic video; and, inexplicably, The Godfather, Part III. At Hope House, Alex gives in to her growing attraction to Grace and they kiss passionately in a supply room. Sloan catches them and spreads the story all over town. After Tomas paints Mark\'s dining room, they go out on a dinner date, where Mark learns that Tomas stumbled into the ex-gay meeting by mistake. After dinner they go to Tomas\'s studio and Tomas shows Mark his paintings. They make love. Reaction is immediate and hostile, with Alex suffering indignities great and small, everything from the breakup of her marriage to the closing of her credit account at the local fried pie shop. Following this, Mark gains the courage to break up with the woman he\'s been dating as a "beard" and to come out to his father. He demands that his father drop the story on the water supply  and stop the negative coverage of Hope House. Mark and Tomas and Alex and Grace go out dancing at a big-city gay club, where they see Ray Ray, the son of Alex\'s family housekeeper, performing as a drag queen called Obsession. Ray Ray leads Mark and Tomas to a leather bar where they catch ex-gay leader Brother Daniel in full leather gear . Meanwhile, Alex and Grace go to a hotel room where they make love for the first time. Back in Azalea Springs, Spencer\'s lover Bruce dies of AIDS-related complications. At his funeral, Alex\'s father comforts her and her mother, while still upset over Alex\'s lesbianism, shows that she still loves her daughter .'] ['It was 1920 in the southwest West Virginia coal fields, and, as the narrator recalls, "things were tough." In response to efforts by miners to organize into a labor union, the Stone Mountain Coal Company announces it will cut the pay miners receive, and will be importing replacement workers into town to replace those who join the union. The new workers are African Americans from Alabama and are coming in on the train, but the train is stopped outside town and the black men are told to get off. Derided as "scabs", they are then attacked by the local miners, but manage to get back on the train and continue their journey. Witnessing the attack is Joe Kenehan , a passenger on the train and an organizer for the United Mine Workers. He arrives in Matewan and takes up residence at a boarding house run by a coal miner\'s widow, Elma Radnor , and her 15-year-old son, Danny , who is also a miner and a budding Baptist preacher.  As Danny goes to preach that night at the Missionary church , Kenehan goes to meet the miners, who quiz him on his bona fides . Kenehan says he was once a member of the "Wobblies" and wins the tentative confidence of the men. One of the black miners, called Few Clothes, bravely comes to meet the union men and declares that while he can not help it if white people call him a "nigger", he takes vigorous exception to being called a "scab". Kenehan then explains to the local miners that accepting the blacks and the Italian miners is what the union is all about. If all the men are united and refuse to work, the company will not be able to operate, he says. Kenehan and the local leader, Sephus, then go around to meet the rest of the black miners as well as the contingent of Italians and try to bring them into the union, and are met with reluctance. But later, caught between the company\'s guns and the local miners, the blacks and the Italians throw down their coal shovels and take up the union cause. C. E. Lively, an agent provocateur for the coal company who has infiltrated the union, tries to goad the miners towards violence, which Kenehan says will only weaken their cause. The infiltrator also pens a note to the Baldwin–Felts Detective Agency, which provides armed agents as strike breakers to the coal company, saying there is a "Red" organizer in town. The next day, two Baldwin–Felts men, Hickey and Griggs, show up in town and take up residence at the Radnor boarding house. Danny at first refuses to give rooms to Hickey and Griggs, but Kenehan voluntarily moves to the hotel, freeing up a room for the two men and averting trouble for Mrs. Radnor. Hicky and Griggs then start their campaign against the union by forcibly evicting miners from company-owned houses in town. Mayor Testerman and Police Chief Sid Hatfield refuse to let them be evicted without eviction writs from Charleston. Hatfield deputizes all the men in town and tells them to go home and come back with their guns. The Baldwin–Felts men then turn their attention on the strikers\' camp outside town, where the miners and their families are living in tents. At night, the armed strikebreakers fire shots into the camp, injuring some strikers. The next day, they enter the camp to demand that all food and clothing purchased at the company store with scrip be turned over to them. But then some armed foothill people, whose land was taken by the coal company, enter the camp. Expressing disdain for the noise caused by the gunmen\'s automobile the night before, their presence and sympathy for the miners compels the Baldwin–Felts men to leave empty handed. One of the hill people was carrying a caplock rifle and when asked mockingly by a departing Baldwin–Felts agent if it was a relic from the Spanish–American War, he replied, "Nope, War Between the States". The slow arrival of the union\'s thinly stretched strike funds tests the patience of Danny and other miners who become disillusioned and turn to violence in spite of Kenehan\'s warnings. The miners are involved in a night-time shootout with the agents and Sephus is wounded. He is rescued by some hill people but not before he recognizes Lively as the infiltrator. Lively tries to drive a wedge between Kenehan and the miners by convincing a young widow, Bridey Mae Tolliver, to falsely accuse Kenehan of sexual assault, and he plants a letter which makes Kenehan appear to be the infiltrator. Danny Radnor overhears Hickey and Griggs talking about the scheme but is caught and held by the two men. The agents intend to keep a watchful eye on Danny, but become drunk and are not paying attention that night when Danny, while preaching at the Freewill church, relates a parable about Joseph that convinces the miners that they have been deceived by a false story. One of the miners hurries to find Few Clothes at the camp, who had drawn the short straw of who would kill Kenehan for his assumed treachery. Few Clothes tells Kenehan he is there to guard him when he comments on the gun the black miner has. Asked whether he knows how to use it, Few Clothes says yes, that he was in the Spanish–American War of 1898. Kenehan tells him that he was in Fort Leavenworth Military Penitentiary in 1917, and saw Mennonites imprisoned for refusing to bear arms passively resist having their beards shaved and rip the buttons off their prison clothes, since all these were against their religion. They were punished by being handcuffed to cell bars for eight hours per day, until the cuffs had cut into their wrists and caused gangrene. Despite it all, they ripped off re-sewn buttons with their teeth, not one giving up. Kenehan says he never saw braver men, and ironically they were in there for refusing to fight. This tale of bravery and injustice leaves Few Clothes conflicted and unsure about his mission to execute Kenehan. Another miner arrives and tells Few Clothes the truth and Kenehan\'s execution is called off just in time. Meanwhile, Sephus has made his way back to town and informed the others of Lively\'s betrayal, furiously burning down his restaurant. Lively flees town by swimming across the Tug Fork River. Later, Hillard Elkins, a young man and a friend of Danny\'s is kidnapped by the Baldwin–Felts agents. Elkins is tortured and promised freedom if he gives up the names of five union miners. After Elkins gives five names, one of the agents kills him anyway. Lively has rejoined the Baldwin–Felts agents and he recognizes the names as those of men who had died in a mine fire years earlier. The situation between the Baldwin–Felts men and Chief Hatfield reaches critical mass with the arrival of reinforcements with orders to carry out the evictions. The mayor tries to negotiate as Kenehan comes running to try and stop the fight. The sudden movement sets off a climactic gunfight between the exposed mercenaries and the armed townspeople firing from barricades and rooftops. Hatfield shoots two men and survives the battle, but Kenehan is killed and the mayor is shot in the stomach. Griggs is brought down, while Hickey escapes to Radnor\'s boarding house, where, he is shot and killed by Mrs. Radnor. Seven Baldwin–Felts men and two townspeople are ultimately killed. In the epilogue, the narrator , recounted that Mayor Testerman succumbed to his wounds and the mayor\'s wife married Sid Hatfield. But, Chief Hatfield was later gunned down in broad daylight on the steps of the McDowell County Courthouse in Welch, with Lively stepping up to deliver the coup de grâce.'] ["Billy Wyatt  was once a very talented high school baseball player and minor-league prospect. Now in his 30s, doing poorly financially and socially, he receives a telephone call from his mother revealing that Katie Chandler , his former child-sitter -- and later, in his teens, his first love -- has committed suicide. This immediately elicits wonderful and painful memories of the times Billy spent with her, as well as of his own childhood, especially with his father Sam Wyatt  with whom he had a very affectionate relationship, and with best friend Alan Appleby , with whom he had a great friendship full of adventure, challenge and more. The memories become the story, going back to Billy's pre-teen time with Katie as his child-sitter , and with his father; then to his teens, both before and after his father died in a car accident. Billy and Katie shared a brief time of love together and Katie was immensely helpful to him after his father died. She then moved out of the country to be with a man she loved, which was the last time he saw her. Billy, in the present, struggles to know what to do with Katie's ashes. He searches his memories for answers, and finds Alan Appleby after many years of having lost touch. They embark on new adventures as adults until the answer finally comes to Billy. He remembers Katie spoke of something long ago from her own early childhood: a horse in Atlantic City, forced to run full speed down the boardwalk and off the edge into the water. Remembering that she wished on that day that she could fly to a faraway land to find happiness, Billy spreads her ashes into the air off the edge of that same pier. Afterward, he rekindles old relationships and returns to a life of baseball by joining a minor league baseball team."] ['The overarching plot takes place over five days leading up to a political rally for Replacement Party candidate Hal Phillip Walker, who is never seen throughout the entire movie. The story follows 25 characters roaming around Nashville, in search of some sort of goal through their own  story arcs. Day One The film opens with a campaign van for presidential candidate Hal Phillip Walker driving around Nashville as an external loudspeaker blares Walker\'s folksy political aphorisms, juxtaposed with country superstar Haven Hamilton  recording an overblown patriotic song intended to commemorate the upcoming Bicentennial, and growing irritated with the accompanying musicians in the studio. An Englishwoman named Opal  who claims to be working on a documentary for the BBC appears in the studio but is told to leave by Haven. Down the hall from Haven\'s session is Linnea Reese , a white gospel singer recording a song with a black choir. Later that day, popular country singer Barbara Jean  is returning to Nashville, having recovered from a burn accident, and the elite of Nashville\'s music scene - including Haven Hamilton and his companion Lady Pearl  have converged on Berry Field to greet her plane as it arrives. Also present are Pfc. Glenn Kelly  and the popular folk trio "Bill, Mary, and Tom" who are in town to record an album. Bill  and Mary  are married, but largely unhappy, partly due to the fact that she is in love with womanizer Tom . Meanwhile, Mr. Green  arrives at the airport to pick up his niece Martha , aka "L.A. Joan", a teenage groupie who has come to Nashville ostensibly to visit her aunt Esther Green who is sick in the hospital. However, Martha repeatedly puts off visiting her aunt in favor of chasing after male musicians. Working at the airport restaurant are African-American cook Wade Cooley , and his pretty waitress friend, Sueleen Gay , an aspiring country singer who refuses to recognize that she can\'t carry a tune. After greeting the crowds on the tarmac, Barbara Jean faints due to the heat, and her handlers, headed by her domineering husband-manager Barnett , rush her to the hospital. Barbara Jean\'s appearance having been cut short, those in attendance depart the airport and wind up stranded on the highway after a pile-up occurs. During the commotion, Winifred ([[Barbara Harris , an aspiring country singer, runs away from her husband, Star , after he refuses to take her to the Grand Ole Opry. Star gives a ride to Kenny Frasier , who has just arrived in town carrying a violin case. Opal takes advantage of the traffic jam to interview first Linnea and then Tommy Brown , an African-American country singer who is performing at the Opry. Tommy and his entourage go to Lady Pearl\'s club but Wade, who is drinking and trying to pick up white girls at the bar, insults Tommy for being too "white" and starts a fight. Linnea\'s husband Del Reese  is working with political organizer John Triplette ([[Michael Murphy  to plan a small fundraiser and a large outdoor concert gala for the Walker campaign. Sueleen appears at a local club\'s open mike night in a provocative outfit, and despite her lack of singing ability, club manager Trout  recommends her to Triplette for the fundraiser based on her appearance. Winifred shows up at Trout\'s club trying to recruit musicians to record a demo with her, but Star sees her and chases her out. Del invites Triplette for family dinner with Linnea and their two deaf children. Linnea and Del are having communications problems and she focuses on the children rather than on him. In the middle of dinner, Tom calls trying to make a date with Linnea, but she puts him off, so he takes Opal back to his room instead. Pfc. Kelly sneaks into Barbara Jean\'s hospital room and sits in the chair by her bed all night, watching her sleep. Day Two Tom calls Linnea again but, with Del listening on the other line, Linnea yells at Tom and tells him not to call her any more. Kenny rents a room from Mr. Green. Haven Hamilton throws a pre-show party at his house before the evening\'s Grand Ole Opry performance. At the party, Triplette tries to persuade Haven to perform at the Walker gala by telling him that if Walker is elected, Walker would back Haven for state governor. Haven says he\'ll give Triplette his decision after the Opry show that night. Later, Tommy Brown, Haven, and Connie White  all perform at the Opry. Connie is substituting for the hospitalized Barbara Jean. Winifred tries unsuccessfully to get backstage. At the hospital, Barbara Jean and Barnett have an argument because he is going to the after-show gathering to thank Connie for substituting at the last minute. Barbara Jean doesn\'t want him to go and he accuses her of having another nervous breakdown like she did previously. Barnett finally subdues Barbara Jean and leaves, but Connie doesn\'t seem happy to see him. Haven tells Triplette that Barbara Jean and Connie never appear on the same stage, and that he  will appear anyplace Barbara Jean also appears. Bill gets upset when his wife Mary doesn\'t show up all evening; she is sleeping with Tom. Day Three It is Sunday morning and the characters are shown attending various Catholic and Protestant church services. At the hospital chapel, Barbara Jean sings a hymn from her wheelchair while Mr. Green and Pfc. Kelly, among others, watch. Mr. Green tells Kelly how he and his wife lost their son in WWII. Opal wanders alone through a huge auto scrapyard making free-form poetic speeches about the cars into her tape recorder. Haven, Tommy Brown and their families attend the stock car races, where Winifred also attempts to sing on a small stage but cannot be heard. Bill and Mary argue in their hotel room and are interrupted by Triplette, who wants to recruit them for the Walker concert gala. Tom tries to get chauffeur Norman  to score him some pills. Day Four Opal walks alone through a large school bus parking lot making more strange observations into her tape recorder. Barbara Jean is discharged from the hospital at the same time Mr. Green shows up to visit his sick wife. Barbara Jean asks after his wife and sends her regards. After Barbara Jean and her entourage have left, a nurse tells Mr. Green his wife died earlier that morning. Back at Mr. Green\'s house, Kenny gets upset when Martha tries to look at his violin case. Barbara Jean performs at Opryland USA. Triplette and Del attend and try to convince Barnett to have Barbara Jean play the Walker concert gala at the Parthenon the next day, but he refuses. Barbara Jean gets through the first couple of songs all right, but then begins to tell rambling stories about her childhood instead of starting the next song. After several false starts, Barnett escorts her from the stage and tells the disappointed audience that they can come to the Parthenon tomorrow and see Barbara Jean perform for free, thus committing her to the Walker concert. Tom calls Linnea and invites her to meet him that night at a club where he is playing. Linnea arrives but sits by herself because Martha is trying to pick Tom up. Mary and Bill are also there, and Opal sits with them and talks about how she slept with Tom, causing Mary to become upset. Wade tries unsuccessfully to pick up Linnea, while Norman tries equally unsuccessfully to pick up Opal. Tom sings "I\'m Easy" and Linnea, moved, goes back to his room where they make love. When Linnea needs to leave, Tom calls another woman and has a romantic conversation within Linnea\'s earshot while she is getting dressed to go home. Sueleen appears at the all-male Walker fundraiser, but is booed off the stage when she sings poorly and doesn\'t take off her clothes. Del and Triplette explain that the men expect her to strip and that if she does so, they will let her sing the next day at the Parthenon with Barbara Jean. Sueleen is visibly upset but strips anyway. Winifred shows up at the fundraiser hoping to get a chance to sing, but after she sees what is going on, she stays hidden behind a curtain. Del drives Sueleen home and drunkenly comes on to her, but she is rescued by Wade. After he hears what happened, Wade tells Sueleen she can\'t sing and asks her to go back to Detroit with him the next day. Sueleen refuses because she is determined to sing at the Parthenon with Barbara Jean. Day Five The performers, audience and Walker and his entourage arrive for the Parthenon concert. In the performing lineup are Haven, Barbara Jean, Linnea and her choir, Bill, Mary and Tom, Sueleen, and Winifred who has shown up again hoping for a chance to sing. Barnett gets upset because Barbara Jean will have to perform in front of a large Walker advertisement, but has to go along with it because his wife\'s career will be harmed if he pulls her out of the show. Mr. Green and Kenny attend Esther Green\'s burial service and Mr. Green leaves angrily, vowing to find Martha  and make her show some respect to her aunt. Mr. Green and Kenny go to the Parthenon to look for Martha. The Walker gala starts and Haven and Barbara Jean perform a song together, then Barbara Jean sings a solo song. At the end of the song, Kenny takes a gun from his violin case and shoots Haven and Barbara Jean. Pfc. Kelly disarms Kenny as chaos breaks out. Barbara Jean is carried bleeding and unconscious from the stage. Haven tries to calm the crowd by exhorting them to sing. As he is led from the stage for treatment of his wounds, he hands the microphone off to Winifred, who begins to sing "It Don\'t Worry Me" and is joined by Linnea\'s gospel choir. The film ends with the audience raptly listening to Winifred\'s song - she has finally gotten her big break.'] ['In 1963 Texas, convicts Robert "Butch" Haynes  and Terry Pugh  escape from the state penitentiary in Huntsville. Fleeing, the pair stumble into a house where eight-year old Phillip Perry  lives with his devout Jehovah\'s Witness mother and two sisters. Needing a hostage to aid their escape, Butch grabs the boy, who meekly accompanies them. The trio\'s journey starts off on an unpleasant note as Butch shoots Terry, following the latter\'s attempt to molest the child. With his partner out of the way, the convict and his young victim take to the Texas highway in a bid to flee from the pursuing police. Meanwhile, Texas Ranger Red Garnett , riding in the Governor\'s airstream trailer, is in pursuit. With criminologist Sally Gerber  and trigger-happy FBI sharpshooter Bobby Lee  in tow, Red is determined to recover the criminal and the hostage before they cross the Texas border. Phillip, eight years old, has never participated in Halloween or Christmas celebrations. Escaping with Butch, however, he experiences a freedom which he finds exhilarating, as Butch gladly allows him the kind of indulgences he has been forbidden all along, including the wearing of a shoplifted Casper the Friendly Ghost costume. Gradually, Phillip becomes increasingly aware of his surroundings, and with constant encouragement from Butch, seems to acquire the ability to make independent decisions on what is wrong and right. For his part, Butch slowly finds himself drawn into giving Phillip the kind of fatherly presence which he himself never had. Red\'s team take up positions preparing to ambush the farm where Butch and Phillip have taken refuge. Unwilling to leave the already wounded Butch, the boy runs back and hugs him – a gesture which, along with his knowledge of Butch\'s character and background, convinces Red that he can resolve the situation peacefully. His plans are thwarted, however, when Bobby Lee, mistaking one of Butch\'s gestures to suppose he is about to draw a gun, fires a shot into his chest and kills him. The move leaves Red angry and frustrated at his inability to save Butch and take him alive.'] ['Promising golfer Rannulph Junuh  is Savannah, Georgia\'s favorite son, and Adele Invergordon  is his beautiful girlfriend from a rich family. But while serving as a captain in the US Army during World War I Junuh is traumatized when his entire company is wiped out in battle. Though he earns the Medal of Honor, he returns to Georgia and lives a shadowy life as a drunk, golf being just a distant memory. Years later (circa 1930,Technically, the film must be set in 1931 or after, as James Cagney\'s "The Public Enemy " is playing at the theater in the scene shown just after Junuh hits the hole-in-one during his 3rd round come-back. as [[Bobby Jones , Adele is trying to recover her family\'s lost fortune by holding a four-round, two-day exhibition match between Jones  and Walter Hagen , the best golfers of the era, with a grand prize of $10,000. She\'s holding it at a golf resort her father built as the Depression struck. However, she needs a local participant to generate local interest, so she asks her estranged love Junuh to play. Junuh is approached by a mysterious traveler carrying a suitcase who appears while Junuh is trying to hit golf balls into the dark void of night. The man identifies himself as Bagger Vance  and says he will be Junuh\'s caddy. He then helps Junuh to come to grips with his personal demons and helps him to play golf again. When the match starts, Jones and Hagen each play well in their distinctive ways, but Junuh plays poorly and is far behind after the first round. With Bagger caddying for him and giving advice, Junuh rediscovers his "authentic swing" in the second round and makes up some ground. In the third round, closes the gap even more. Junuh and Adele also find their romance rekindling. Late in the final round, Junuh disregards Bagger\'s advice at a crucial point and after that plays poorly. He hits a ball into a forest, where he has a traumatic World War I flashback, but Bagger\'s words help him to focus on golf. Junuh pulls back to a tie with Jones and Hagen, then has a chance to win on the final hole, but calls a penalty on himself when his ball moves after he tries to remove an obstacle. Seeing from this that Junuh has grown and matured, Bagger decides his golfer doesn\'t need him any more. Bagger leaves him as mysteriously as he met him, with the 18th hole unfinished. Though losing a chance to win because of the penalty, Junuh sinks an improbable putt to tie Jones and Hagen, so the match ends in a gentlemanly tie, the three golfers shake hands with all of Savannah cheering, and Junuh and Adele get back together. During the match, Bagger Vance has a young assistant, Hardy Greaves , who caddies after Bagger leaves. The beginning and end of the film features Hardy as an old man  playing golf in the present day, and the story ends with an old Hardy seeing a never-aging Bagger Vance on the golf course. Bagger beckons, Hardy follows.'] ["The movie is the story of a family that moves from the rural home in Appalachia to Detroit Michigan where the father intends to find work in a factory. Fonda's character, Gertie, is hesitant to leave their home; her husband Clovis believes that it will bring the family a regular income and better way of living. What Fonda's Gertie finds is a new place to exist, rather than live, and the family settles down in a tar paper shack by the railroad tracks in an industrial area. All the while Gertie holds onto her homespun ways, one of which is through carving. Her husband begins to dismiss her talents and puts down Gertie for holding onto her folk art in a modern world. Still, her handiwork is admired by those around her. One of the items that she hangs onto is a piece of a tree limb in which she sees a figure of Jesus calling to her to carve it from it. One setback after another begins to pull the family apart. Gertie's husband doesn't find work and begins to get involved with matters that trouble her; her children begin to also get involved in unsavory affairs. The event that breaks Gertie's passivity to her situation is the death of her youngest daughter, who is killed by a railroad car. She confronts her husband, whose best of intentions has led the family to this tragedy; Gertie decides that she will earn enough money to get the family back home to where it belongs. To do this she will make dolls, but she has no material from which she can carve the dolls. It is then that she takes the treasured piece of lumber that she longed to carve the Christ figure from, and splits it  with an axe. From one piece of wood, she will carve many dolls. It is the only way to save the family. From this sacrifice, the family is able to return to their home."] ["In 1984, 33 years after the events depicted in The Last Picture Show, 50-year-old Duane Jackson  is a wealthy tycoon of a near bankrupt oil company. His relationship with his family isn't prospering either. His wife, Karla , believes that Duane is cheating on her and his son, Dickie , seems to be following in his father's libidinous footsteps. Ruth Popper  works as Duane's secretary; and despondent Lester Marlow , now a businessman, seems a prime candidate for a business crisis or a heart attack or both. Sonny Crawford's  increasingly erratic behavior causes Duane concern over Sonny's mental health. Jacy Farrow  has traveled the world and experienced its pleasures. A painful tragedy brings her back to her hometown and once again into Duane's life."] ['Bissinger followed the team for the entire 1988 season, which culminated in a loss in the State semifinals against Carter High School from Dallas, who eventually went on to win the championship game but would have their title stripped for playing an ineligible player. However, the book also deals with — or alludes to — a number of secondary political and social issues existing in Odessa, all of which share ties to the Permian Panthers football team. These include socioeconomic disparity; racism; segregation ; and poverty. The coach, Gary Gaines , is constantly in the hot seat. Tied to the successes and failure of the coach and the team in general are the conflicts the players struggle with on and off the gridiron. The coach overuses his star player and running back James "Boobie" Miles  who gets seriously injured . When this happens, sports radios are flooded with calls for his resignation. Miles\' once-arrogant attitude vanishes as he sees his once promising chance of playing big-time college football disappear and starts to question his future after he notices his not-so promising academic standing. Recuperating on his uncle\'s veranda he observes the refuse collectors doing their rounds and gets a glimpse of a somewhat different future he could now face; he bursts into tears. Quarterback Mike Winchell  struggles with being able to play consistently. Fullback Don Billingsley  has a rocky relationship with his alcoholic and abusive father . Billingsley silently endures the abuse from his father, who won a state championship at Permian only to find himself unable to get into college and stuck working a dead-end job. Third-string running back Chris Comer , who takes the spot of Miles after his injury, attempts to get rid of his fear of being hit and getting injured, especially when the player who last occupied his spot suffered a season ending injury. His obsession with fame and recognition also comes at a high price that he is at first not ready to pay. Safety Brian Chavez  is easily the smartest player on the team, and the most confident in his future after high school football. One of the themes of the movie depicts the coach as a father-type figure for the players. Coach Gaines triumphs and struggles with winning football games and connecting with his players a number of times during their tumultuous season. His job depends on the Panthers making the playoffs, and his team is in a three-way tie with two other teams at the end of the regular season. Under Texas rules for ties, the tiebreaker is a coin-toss. Permian gets a spot. Meanwhile, after he drunkenly throws away his championship ring, Don Billingsley\'s father breaks down and confesses his failures in life cause him to push his son as harshly as he does, pointing out that he wants his son to at least have one big moment of triumph before becoming like his dad. The team make it to the finals, where they narrowly lose against powerhouse Dallas Carter High School. The movie ends with the coach removing the departing seniors from the depth chart on his wall. Notably, the depth chart has "Case" at quarterback. This refers to Permian\'s real-life backup quarterback in 1988, Stoney Case, who would go on to lead Permian, along with Chris Comer, to the 5A state title the following year, and still later made it to the NFL. The final scene consists of Winchell throwing a football to a bunch of pee-wees playing pick-up football before leaving with Billingsley and Chavez.'] ['The backdrop for Meet Me in St. Louis is St. Louis, Missouri on the brink of the 1904 World\'s Fair. The Smith family lead a comfortable middle-class life. Mr. Alonzo Smith ([[Leon Ames  and Mrs. Anna Smith  have four daughters: Rose , Esther, Agnes, and Tootie; and a son, Lon Jr.  Esther, the second eldest daughter , is in love with the boy next door, John Truett , although he does not notice her at first. Rose is expecting a phone call in which she hopes to be proposed to by Warren Sheffield . Esther finally gets to meet John properly when he is a guest at the Smiths\' house party, although her chances of romancing him don\'t go to plan when, after all the guests are gone and he is helping her turn off the gas lamps throughout the house, he tells her she uses the same perfume as his grandmother and that she has "a mighty strong grip for a girl". On Halloween, Tootie  returns home injured, claiming that John Truett attacked her. Without bothering to investigate, Esther confronts John, physically attacking him and scolding him for being a "bully". When Esther returns home, Tootie confesses that what really happened was that John was trying to protect Tootie and Agnes  from the police after a dangerous prank they pulled went wrong. Upon learning the truth, Esther immediately dashes to John\'s house next door to apologize, and they share their first kiss. Mr. Smith announces to the family that he is to be sent to New York on business and eventually they will all move. The family is devastated and upset at the news of the move, especially Rose and Esther whose romances, friendships, and educational plans are threatened. Esther is also aghast because they will miss the World\'s Fair. An elegant ball takes place on Christmas Eve. Esther is devastated when John cannot take her as his date, due to his leaving his tuxedo at the tailor\'s and being unable to get it back. But she is relieved when her grandfather ([[Harry Davenport  offers to take her instead. At the ball, Esther fills up a visiting girl\'s  dance card with losers because she thinks Lucille is a rival of Rose\'s. But when Lucille turns out to be interested in Lon, Esther switches her dance card with Lucille\'s and instead dances herself with the clumsy and awkward partners. After being rescued by Grandpa, she is overwhelmed when John unexpectedly turns up after somehow managing to obtain a tuxedo, and the pair dance together for the rest of the evening. Later on, John proposes to Esther and she accepts. Esther returns home to an upset Tootie. She is soothed by the poignant "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas." Tootie, however, does become more upset at the prospect of the family\'s move and runs downstairs, out into the cold to destroy the snowmen they have made. Mr. Smith sees his daughter\'s upsetting outburst from an upstairs window. Mr. Smith later announces that the family will not leave St. Louis after all when he realises how much the move will affect his family. Warren boldly declares his love for Rose, stating that they will marry at the first possible opportunity. And all of the family finally are able to attend the World\'s Fair. The film ends at night with the entire family  overlooking the Grand Lagoon at the center of the World\'s Fair just as thousands of lights illuminate the grand pavilions.'] ["The setting is early America during the oil boom. An elderly, down on his luck 'oil man', Mr. Cox  finds himself in the town of Henrietta. Using unconventional methods, he convinces himself and local Don Day  that there is oil on Day's land. The financially strapped Day puts everything into finding oil...but at what cost?"] ['While walking in his cornfield, novice farmer Ray Kinsella hears a voice that whispers, "If you build it, he will come", and sees a baseball diamond. His wife, Annie, is skeptical, but she allows him to plow under his corn to build the field. Nothing happens, and Ray soon faces financial ruin. Ray and Annie discuss replanting the corn, but their daughter, Karin, sees a man on the ballfield. Ray discovers that he is Shoeless Joe Jackson, a dead baseball player idolized by Ray\'s father. Thrilled to be able to play baseball again, Joe asks to bring others to play on the field. He later returns from the cornfield with the seven other players banned in the 1919 Black Sox scandal. Ray\'s brother-in-law, Mark, cannot see the baseball players, and warns Ray that he will go bankrupt unless he replants his crops. While in the field, Ray hears the voice again, this time urging him to "ease his pain." After attending a PTA meeting involving a resolution to ban books by author and activist-turned recluse Terrence Mann, Ray decides the voice is referring to Mann. Ray finds a magazine interview about Mann\'s childhood dream of playing for the Brooklyn Dodgers and his heartbreak when the team moved to Los Angeles, and convinces Annie that he should seek out the author after they both dream about Ray and Terrence attending a baseball game. Mann denies making the statement in the magazine, but Ray persuades him to attend a baseball game at Fenway Park. Ray hears the voice again, which urges him to "go the distance." The scoreboard shows statistics for a player named Archibald "Moonlight" Graham, who played one game for the New York Giants in 1922, but never had a turn at bat. Mann eventually admits to sharing the vision, and they travel to Chisholm, Minnesota where they learn that Graham became a doctor, but died 16 years earlier. During a late night walk, Ray realizes that he is in 1972, the year of Graham\'s death; he finds Graham who confesses to him that although he regrets never getting to bat, he would have regretted not being a doctor even more. He declines Ray\'s invitation to fulfill his dream.  While driving back to Iowa, Ray picks up a hitchhiker who introduces himself as Archie Graham. While Archie sleeps, Ray reveals that at age 14 he refused to play catch with his father after reading one of Terrence\'s books. Terrence replies that he is tired of being blamed for stories like Ray\'s. At the farm, enough players have arrived to field two teams, and Archie finally gets to bat. The next morning Mark implores Ray to sell the farm. Karin says that they won\'t need to because people will pay to watch the ball games. Terrence agrees that "people will come" to relive their childhood innocence, and Ray refuses to sell. Frustrated, Mark scuffles with Ray, accidentally knocking Karin off the top of the bleachers. Archie runs to help and, stepping off the field, becomes the old "Doc" Graham. After he saves Karin from choking, Ray realizes that Graham cannot return to the field as a young man. After reassuring Ray that his true calling was medicine, the players shake his hand and he leaves. Suddenly able to see the players, Mark urges Ray not to sell the farm. After the game, Joe invites Terrence to enter the cornfield. Terrence accepts the offer and disappears into the cornfield, but Ray is angry at not being invited. Shoeless Joe rebukes his desire for a reward, then reminds him why he sacrificed so much, saying "If you build it, he will come", and glances toward home plate. The catcher removes his mask and Ray recognizes his father as a young man. Ray introduces his father to Annie and Karin. As his father heads toward the cornfield, Ray asks his "Dad" to play catch. As they begin to play, hundreds of cars can be seen approaching the field, fulfilling Karin and Terrence\'s prophecy that people will come to watch baseball.'] ['Havoc is wrought on the inhabitants of a small New England town by a troubled film production. After the leading man\'s penchant for teenage girls gets them banished from their New Hampshire location, a film crew relocates to the small town of Waterford, Vermont, to finish shooting "The Old Mill." As its title suggests, the film depends on the presence of a genuine mill, something the town is reported to possess. Unfortunately, with only days before principal photography begins, it becomes apparent that the mill in fact burned down decades ago. Unfazed, the film\'s director, Walt Price , places his faith in the ability of first-time screenwriter Joseph Turner White  to alter the script; what he doesn\'t count on is White\'s apparently bottomless reserve of angst-fueled writer\'s block. The film\'s leading lady  refuses to do her contracted nude scene unless she\'s paid an additional $800,000, while a foreign cinematographer offends the locals by messing with a historic firehouse. Meanwhile, the leading man, Bob Barrenger , dallies with Carla , a crafty local teen. Everything comes to a head after Barrenger and Carla are injured in a car accident, which leads White  to another emotional quandary and into the arms of local bookseller Annie Black . Meanwhile a powerful movie producer  comes to town to help Price with the ensuing mess.'] 