['A doe gives birth to a fawn named Bambi, who will one day take over the position of Great Prince of the Forest, a title currently being held by Bambi\'s father, who guards the woodland creatures from the dangers of hunters. The baby fawn is quickly befriended by an eager, energetic rabbit named Thumper, who helps to teach him to walk and speak. Bambi grows up very attached to his mother, who he constantly spends time with. He soon meets other friends, including a baby skunk named Flower and a female fawn named Faline, as well as his powerful, majestic father, the Great Prince of the Forest. Curious and inquisitive, Bambi frequently asks about the world around him and is cautioned about the dangers of life as a forest creature by his loving mother. During Bambi\'s first winter, his mother is shot and killed by a deer hunter while trying to help her son find food, leaving the little fawn mournful and alone. Taking pity on his abandoned son, the Great Prince leads Bambi home. Upon the arrival of spring, Bambi has matured into a young stag, and his childhood friends have also entered adulthood as well. They are warned of "twitterpation" by Friend Owl and that they will eventually fall in love, albeit the trio view the concept of romance with scorn and trudge off. However, along the way, Thumper and Flower both encounter their beautiful romantic counterparts and abandon their former thoughts on love to remain with their new romantic interests, and soon Bambi encounters his friend Faline as a gorgeous doe. However, their relationship is quickly interrupted and challenged by a belligerent stag called Ronno, who attempts to force Faline away from Bambi. Fortunately Bambi successfully manages to earn rights to the doe\'s affections by conquering Ronno in battle. Bambi is awakened shortly afterward by the smell of smoke, and is warned of a wildfire by his father. The two flee to safety, although Bambi is separated from Faline in the turmoil and searches for her along the way. He soon finds her cornered by vicious hunting dogs, which he manages to ward off, and he makes it with his father, Faline, and the forest animals to shelter on a riverbank. The following spring, Faline gives birth to twins under Bambi\'s watchful eye as the new Great Prince of the Forest.'] [' In an abandoned river boat in Devil\'s Bayou, Penny, a young orphan, drops a message in a bottle containing a plea for help into the river. The bottle is carried out to sea and washes up in New York City, where it is recovered by the Rescue Aid Society, an international mouse organization inside the United Nations. The Hungarian representative, Miss Bianca, volunteers to accept the case and chooses Bernard, a stammering janitor who has triskaidekaphobia, as her co-agent. The two visit Morningside Orphanage, where Penny lived, and meet an old cat named Rufus. He tells them about a woman named Madame Medusa who once tried to lure Penny into her car and may have succeeded in abuducting Penny this time. The mice travel to Medusa\'s pawn shop, where they discover that she and her partner, Mr. Snoops, are on a quest to find the world\'s largest diamond, the Devil\'s Eye. They also discover that Mr. Snoops is in the Devil\'s Bayou with Penny, whom they have indeed kidnapped. With the help of an albatross named Orville, and a dragonfly named Evinrude, the mice follow Medusa to the bayou. There, they learn that Penny was captured to enter a hole that leads down into the pirates\' cave where the Devil\'s Eye is located. Miss Bianca\'s perfume inadvertently attracts the attention of Medusa\'s pet alligators, Brutus and Nero. Bernard and Miss Bianca flee and find Penny. The arrival of the two mice raises her morale. Together, the three devise a plan, which is put into action on the following day. Wanting to escape tonight, Bernard orders Evinrude to get Ellie Mae and the other local animals who loathe Medusa, which he accepts. However, in the middle of his quest, Evinrude is thwarted by a flock of hungry bats, delaying him. The following morning, Medusa and Mr Snoops send Penny down into a pirate\'s cave to find the gem, with Miss Bianca and Bernard hiding in her skirt pocket. The three soon find the Devil\'s Eye within a pirate skull; as Penny pries the mouth open with a sword, the mice push it out from within, but soon the oceanic tide rises and floods the cave. Miss Bianca, Penny, and Bernard barely manage to retrieve the diamond and escape. Medusa steals the diamond for herself, attempting to run off with the diamond, leaving Snoops without any shares, and hides it in Penny\'s teddy bear. When she trips over a cable set as a trap by Bernard and Bianca, Medusa loses the bear to Penny, who runs away with it. After a struggle with Snoops who already turned to her, Medusa retaliates with gunfire, causing the mice to flee until they are met by Brutus and Nero. With help from Ellie Mae and the other animals, Bernard and Miss Bianca trick them into entering a cage-like elevator, trapping them. Two of the gang set off Mr. Snoops\'s fireworks, making the boat sink. Meanwhile Penny and the mice commandeer Medusa\'s "Swampmobile", a motor-boat used by Medusa to travel in the swamp and resembling the front clip Ford Model T body mounted to a small boat, with a single tractor seat for the driver. They get it moving using Luke\'s homemade moonshine as fuel, while Medusa unsuccessfully pursues them, and is left clinging to the boat\'s smoke stacks with Brutus and Nero trying to eat her below  while Snoops is seen rafting away while laughing. Back in New York, the Rescue Aid Society watch TV to hear that the Devil\'s Eye is given to the Smithsonian Institution and Penny is adopted by a new father and mother. Bernard and Miss Bianca remain partners in the Rescue Aid Society\'s Missions. Soon there is another call for help and they depart on Orville, accompanied by Evinrude, to a new rescue mission.'] ['Kom is a member of the Woonkos, a tribe of monkeys who live in a canopy and they live in obsessive fear of falling into a nearby pit, which is inhabited by other monkeys they believe to be demons. Kom refuses to believe these superstitions and claims bravery and is rude to the elder of the Woonkos. However, on the way home, he accidentally falls from the tress into the land below. When there, he meets the Lankoo tribe and finds they are in fact very similar to his own tribe. He befriends Gina, a young maid and Master Martin, the librarian and they help teach him to behave like a Lankoo. The Lankoo king is impressed by his actions. However, there is also evil afoot. The chancellor Sebastian, the governess and their dim-witted side-kick, Gerard the Gormless, are up to evil plans: they will find a way for the King to die and they are poisoning his already sick daughter, Princess Ida. The King, along with most of his army, die drowning while attempting to reach the "promised land" on the other side of the poisonous lake when it was frozen. Sebastian believes his plan has worked, but the governess  is given it herself by Gina and the one remaining soldier, however it is believed she is tough enough not to die, but will remain a "sleeping ugly". The film ends with Sebastian and Gerard in cages, Princess Ida as the new queen and Kom and Gina returning to the land of the Woonkos, while it is clear that the two tribes will unite. It features the song "We Are One" by Westlife.  *Kom- the protagonist, a rebellious, cheeky, but brave young Wonkoo monkey who helps uncover the evil plot. Voiced by Matt Hill. *Gina- the maid Lankoo, who has realised something is up for a while, but has not been taken seriously. Voiced by Sally Anne Marsh. *Master Martin- the kindly, wise, but wimpy old scholar, who is a good friend to Kom and Gina, but does not believe in the conspiracy. Voiced by Michael Gambon. *Sebastian- The main antagonist of the film, he is the chancellor and is feared by many people, although he is trusted by them too. Only the workers building the castle are suspicious of him. Voiced by John Hurt. *Governess- The princess Ida\'s malicious governess, who helps Sebastian, is poisioning the princess and realises Gina is suspicious of her. *Gerard the Gormless- A villainous character, although he is just a sidekick, and does not appear to have many villainous qualities. He is one of the comic relief characters. Voiced by Rik Mayall. *The King- A kindly, but foolish old man, who lets fantasy rule over fact. Dies by drowning in ice. Voiced by Michael York. *Princess Ida- The King\'s sickly daughter who is being poisoned by the governess. By the end of the film, because of the help of Kom and Gina, she has recovered and becomes queen. *Lionel- A Lankoo soldier, one of the few to trust Kom. *Gavin- Kom\'s more sensible older bother. *Kom\'s mum- A kindly woman who loves both her sons. *Korcnak- The pompous, bossy elder of the Wonkoos, who warns them about the Lankoos. *Lankoo workers- They are surprised about Kom. They provide us with much of the gossip and information that is going on. They are also comic relief characters. *Narrator- He tells the story right at the start.'] [' The film starts with a brief introduction in the 19th century American West featuring a bald eagle gliding over the homeland of the mustangs, which resembles several western US National Parks. There is then a scene showing the birth of a Buckskin Kiger Mustang, Spirit . Spirit soon grows into a stallion, and assumes the role of leader of the herd, whose duty it is to keep the herd safe. This is demonstrated when he saves two foals from a mountain lion. Spirit is a courageous leader, but has a serious mischievous streak and a high sense of curiosity. Spotting a camp one night not far from his herd, the stallion is unable to control his curiosity and moves towards it, as he\'s never seen humans before. To Spirit\'s surprise, the humans (possibly [[wrangler  are vicious. After a long chase, he is captured and taken to a US cavalry post. During this time in the film, the army is fighting the Indian Wars and taking over the soon-to-be western United States. There he encounters, "The Colonel" . The Colonel attempts to tame the mustang, but Spirit manages to outwit all who attempt to ride him. During this time, a Lakota Native American named Little Creek  is also brought into the fort and held captive, through the night and day they become friends. Through a series of events, Little Creek and Spirit, along with several army horses, escape the post. Little Creek\'s own paint mare, Rain, meets them, along with other Indians who loosely capture Spirit. After returning to the Lakota village, Little Creek ties Spirit and Rain together, much to Spirit\'s dismay. Rain willingly shows Spirit her world. Spirit begins to understand their ways and falls in love with the mare. His romantic affections for Rain, however, do not soften his yearning to be free. At the end of their time together Little Creek decides that Spirit should never be tamed and frees him. As Spirit asks Rain to come with him to his herd, a Cavalry Regiment led by the Colonel ransacks the Lakota village. Rain is shot by the Colonel, knocking her into the river while Spirit knocks the colonel off his horse, saving Little Creek\'s life. Spirit dives into the river to try to rescue Rain, but is unsuccessful and they both plummet over a waterfall. Having both survived, Spirit comforts Rain on the riverbed as she is dying from her gun wound until cavalry scouts tear him away and sell him to be used for the constructing railroad. After finding Rain critically injured just as Spirit is being led away, Little Creek vows to free the mustang once and for all in accordance with his life-debt; and follows the men after tending to his own mare. Spirit and other stolen horses are loaded onto a train and taken to a work site on the Transcontinental Railroad where they are put to work pulling a steam locomotive on a sledge up a mountain when attempts to tunnel have failed even with explosives. Spirit realizes that if the track extends along its present course it will infringe on his homeland. Spirit breaks free from the sledge carrying the locomotive and breaks the chains holding the other horses to the sledge. This causes the locomotive to fall off its sledge and down the steep hill where it collides with another locomotive at the railhead, causing a boiler explosion which starts the camp and woods on fire. Little Creek appears, saves Spirit from the wildfire, and takes him to safety. The next morning, Colonel and his men find Spirit and Little Creek. A climactic chase scene ensues on winding rock passages that lead to a canyon where the two again outsmart the Army. Spirit also makes a "freedom" jump which amazes The Colonel. The Colonel stops one of his men from shooting the two and exchanges nods of respect with Spirit before they part. Spirit races back to the rebuilt Lakota village with Little Creek. Spirit finds Rain who is still alive, nursed back to health by the Lakota people. Little Creek decides to name the Kiger mustang "Spirit-Who-Could-Not-Be-Broken". Little Creek, knowing it\'s for the best, sets Spirit and Rain free. Eventually, the two horses joyfully meet up with Spirit\'s own herd, including his mother. Viewers then see the eagle as he flies up into clouds shaped like horses.'] ['In Ancient Egypt, 1285 BC, Yocheved , a Hebrew slave, and her children, Miriam and Aaron, watch as Hebrew baby boys are taken and ruthlessly killed by Egyptian soldiers, as ordered by Pharaoh Seti I , who fears an increase in Hebrew men could lead to an uprising. To save her own newborn son, Yocheved places him in a basket and sets it afloat on the Nile, praying that God will deliver him to a safe fate. Miriam follows the basket and witnesses her baby brother being taken in by the Egyptian Queen Tuya , who names him Moses. 20 years later in 1265 BC Moses  and his foster brother, Rameses , are lectured by their father after they destroy a temple during one of their youthful misadventures. Rameses is berated for their misdeeds though Moses tries to take the blame; Moses later remarks that Rameses wants the approval of his father more than anything, but lacks the opportunity. Seeking to give him this opportunity, Seti names Rameses Prince Regent and gives him authority over all of Egypt\'s temples. In thanks, Rameses appoints Moses as Royal Chief Architect. As a tribute to Rameses, the high priests Hotep  and Huy  offer him Tzipporah , a young Midian woman they kidnapped, as a concubine. After she nearly bites him, Rameses gives her to Moses, who ultimately helps her escape captivity. While following her out of the city, Moses is reunited with Miriam  and Aaron . Miriam tells Moses the truth about his past, despite Aaron\'s attempts to protect her. Moses denies it at first, but a nightmare and conversations with his adoptive parents cause him to realize the truth. Moses asks Seti about the murder of the Hebrew babies; through his reply, Moses realizes that Seti considers the Hebrews inferior to him. The next day, Moses accidentally kills an Egyptian guard while trying to stop him from whipping a Hebrew slave. Ashamed and confused, Moses decides to exile himself, despite Rameses\' pleas that he stay. Moses crosses many miles of desert, and eventually reaches the land of the Midianites, Tzipporah\'s people, who worship the Hebrew god. After Moses saves Tzipporah\'s sisters from bandits, he is welcomed warmly into the tribe by their father Jethro , the High Priest of Midian. After assimilating in this new culture, Moses becomes a shepherd and gradually earns Tzipporah\'s respect and love, culminating in their marriage. One day, while chasing a stray lamb, Moses discovers a burning bush through which God speaks to him. God  instructs Moses to free the Hebrew slaves and take them to the promised land, and bestows Moses\' shepherding staff with his power. Moses returns to Egypt with Tzipporah, entering the palace in the midst of a large celebration. He is happily greeted by Rameses, now Pharaoh and the father of a young prince. Moses tells Rameses to let the Hebrews go, demonstrating the power of God by changing his shepherding staff into an egyptian cobra. Hotep and Huy boastfully "repeat" this transformation by using illusions to turn two staffs into two snakes. However, Moses\' snake eats both of theirs. Rather than being persuaded, Rameses is hardened and orders the slaves\' work to be doubled. Moses and Tzipporah go to live with Miriam, who forgives Moses for his former disbelief, and convinces Aaron and the other Hebrews to trust him. Later, Moses confronts Rameses passing in his boat on the Nile. Rameses orders his guards to bring Moses to him, but they draw back when Moses turns the river water into blood with his staff; the first Plague of Egypt. Similarly to the earlier competition, Hotep and Huy use trickery and dye to make a bowl of water appear to be blood as well. Convinced of the might of the Egyptian gods and his own divinity, Rameses, again, refuses to free the Hebrews. As the days pass, God causes eight more of the Plagues of Egypt occur through Moses\' staff. The plagues ravage Egypt, its monuments, and people. Moses feels tortured to inflict such horrors on the innocent, and is heartbroken to see his former home in ruins. Despite all the pain and destruction caused by the plagues, Rameses refuses to relent, and in anger, when Moses confronts him again, vows to finish the work his father started against the Hebrews, unwittingly providing the stipulations of the final plague. Moses, with nothing left to say to Rameses, resigns himself to preparing the Hebrews for the tenth and final plague. He instructs them to paint lamb\'s blood above their doors for the coming night of Passover. That night, the final plague, the angel of death, goes through the country, killing all the firstborn children of Egypt, including Rameses\' own son, while sparing those of the Hebrews, since they had marked their doorframes with lamb\'s blood, allowing the Passover to identify them. The next day, Moses visits Rameses one last time, who finally gives him the permission to free the Hebrews and take them out of Egypt. Moses weeps at the sight of his dead nephew and for all his brother\'s pain. The following morning, the Hebrews leave Egypt, led by Moses, Miriam, Aaron, and Tzipporah. They are weary at first, but soon begin to heal and find hope and happiness. They eventually find their way to the Red Sea, but as they are resting, they discover that Rameses has changed his mind and is closely pursuing them with his army. With only a few minutes separating the Hebrews from the Egyptians, Moses uses his staff to part the sea, while a pillar of fire blocks the army\'s way. The Hebrews cross on the open sea bottom; when the pillar of fire disappears and the army gives chase, the water closes over the Egyptian soldiers, and the Hebrews are safe. However, Rameses is spared, and he is hurled back to the shore by the collapsing waves, screaming Moses\' name in anguish. Saddened by what he and Rameses have lost forever, Moses bids his brother goodbye one last time and leads the Hebrew people to Mount Sinai, where he receives the Ten Commandments from God.'] ["In an enchanted forest, a unicorn  learns that she is the last of her kind and decides to embark on a quest to learn what has become of the other unicorns. The Unicorn discovers from the addled dialogue of a butterfly  that a demonic animal called the Red Bull has herded all of her kind to the ends of the earth. Venturing into unfamiliar territory beyond the safety of her forest home, she begins a journey to find them and bring them back. Along the way she is captured for a time by the witch Mommy Fortuna , and is put on display in the cages of the witch's Midnight Carnival. The unicorn later makes friends with Schmendrick , an incompetent magician under the services of Mommy Fortuna. While most of the attractions there are simply normal animals with a spell of illusion placed on them , Fortuna has managed to capture the immortal harpy Celaeno  as well. The Unicorn eventually escapes and in the process, frees Celaeno, who kills Fortuna and her henchman Ruhk . The two of them later gain a second traveling companion, Molly Grue , the care-worn lover of bandit leader Captain Cully  of Greenwood Forest. When the Unicorn nears the seaside castle of King Haggard, supposed keeper of the Red Bull, she comes face to face with the Bull, (which turns out to be a monstrous fire elemental. At the last moment before her final surrender and capture, Schmendrick's unpredictable magic transforms her into a mortal young woman. In this human guise, the Red Bull is uninterested in her and departs. The change has disastrous consequences on the Unicorn who suffers tremendous shock at the sudden feeling of mortality in her human body. Schmendrick, Molly Grue, and the Unicorn  proceed to Haggard's castle and seek entry. King Haggard  is at first unwelcoming, and Schmendrick introduces the Unicorn only as his niece Lady Amalthea. Schmendrick requests that the three of them stay there as members of Haggard's court, only to be told that all of the royal complement has long since been dispatched: the only remaining occupants in the castle are Haggard, his adopted son Prince Lír , and four ancient men-at-arms. Haggard consents to lodging the trio, replacing his more competent on-call wizard with Schmendrick, and setting Molly Grue to work in his scullery. After a while, Amalthea begins to forget her identity and her reasons for coming to the castle, and eventually falls in love with Prince Lír. Caught in a complex web of newfound emotions, she struggles with thoughts of abandoning her quest for the sake of mortal love. Haggard confronts Amalthea in private conversation, hinting at the location of the unicorns, yet from the waning magic in her eyes, he has doubts regarding his previous suspicions that she is more than she seems. Molly ends up learning some clues on the location of the Red Bull's lair from a talking cat . Going through a secret passage in a broken clock in the castle basement, Schmendrick reveals Amalthea's true identity to Lír after explaining what they are looking for. Lír, however, isn't moved at all and says that he loves her anyway. This makes Amalthea want to abandon the quest and marry Lír, but Lír believes that the quest cannot be abandoned. The Red Bull soon appears, but is no longer deceived by Amalthea's false human form and chases after her. When Amalthea trips, she hurts herself and can't run any further.As Lír struggles to protect her, Schmendrick turns Amalthea back into the Unicorn, but she is unwilling to leave Lír's side. The Bull drives her toward the ocean, just as he earlier drove all the other unicorns, but she manages to run away and the bull gives chase. Lír, still in love with her, tries to defend her, but when he gets between them and blocks the bull's path, the bull doesn't stop and Lír is killed. Enraged, the Unicorn aggressively turns on the Bull and forces him into the sea. Carried on the white surf of incoming tides, the other unicorns emerge en masse from the water, causing Haggard's castle to collapse into the sea as they rush past, with Haggard falling to his death from the crumbling castle parapet. On the beach, the Unicorn magically revives Lír before she departs for her forest. Schmendrick assures Lír, now the king, that he has gained much by winning the love of a unicorn, even if he is now alone. The Unicorn briefly returns to say goodbye to Schmendrick, who laments that he has done her wrong by burdening her with regret and the taint of mortality. She disagrees and thanks him nonetheless for having helped to restore unicorns to the world, and though she is the only unicorn to feel regret, she is also the only unicorn to know love. The ending credits begin after Schmendrick and Molly watch the Unicorn depart for her home in the woods."] ['While circus animals are being transported, Mrs. Jumbo, one of the elephants, receives her baby from a stork. The baby elephant is quickly taunted by the other elephants because of his large ears, and they nickname him "Dumbo". Once the circus is set up, Mrs. Jumbo loses her temper at a group of boys for making fun of her son, and she is locked up and deemed mad. Dumbo is shunned by the other elephants and with no mother to care for him, he is now alone, except for a self-appointed mentor and protector, Timothy Q. Mouse, who feels sympathy for Dumbo and becomes determined to make him happy again. The circus director makes Dumbo the top of an elephant pyramid stunt, but Dumbo\'s ears cause the stunt to go wrong, injuring the other elephants and bringing down the big top. Dumbo is made a clown as a result, and plays the main role in an act that involves him falling into a vat of pie filling. Despite his newfound popularity and fame, Dumbo hates this job and is now more miserable than ever. To cheer Dumbo up, Timothy takes him to visit his mother. On the way back Dumbo cries and then starts to hiccup so Timothy decides to take him for a drink of water from a bucket which, unknown to him, has accidentally had a bottle of champagne knocked into it. As a result, Dumbo and Timothy both become drunk and see hallucinations of pink elephants. The next morning, Dumbo and Timothy wake up in a tree. Timothy wonders how they got up in the tree, and concludes that Dumbo flew up there using his large ears as wings. With the help of a group of anthropomorphic crows, Timothy is able to get Dumbo to fly again, using a psychological trick of a "magic feather" to boost his confidence. Back at the circus, Dumbo must perform his stunt of jumping from a high building, this time from a much higher platform. On the way down, Dumbo loses the feather and Timothy tells him that the feather was never magical, and that he is still able to fly. Dumbo is able to pull out of the dive and flies around the circus, finally striking back at his tormentors as the stunned audience looks on in amazement. After this performance, Dumbo becomes a media sensation, Timothy becomes his manager, and Dumbo and Mrs. Jumbo are given a private car on the circus train.'] ['The story is set in 1895 France and takes place predominantly in Paris. However, it begins on a farm in rural Provence. The lovely housecat Mewsette and the accomplished but shy mouser Jaune Tom are in love, but the former is frustrated with his plebeian ways , to the point of calling him a "clumsy country Claude". Inspired by the human Jeanette\'s stories of the glamour and sophistication of Paris , Mewsette runs away by taking a train to the big city, where she encounters the slick con-cat Meowrice . Taking advantage of the country kitty\'s naivete, he puts her in the care of the sultry Madame Henretta Reubens-Chatte, who promises to turn Mewsette into a dainty debutante known as "The Belle of all Paris". Unbeknownst to Mewsette, Meowrice is grooming her to be the mail-order bride of a rich American cat in Pittsburgh known as "Mr. Henry Phtt" . Meanwhile, Jaune Tom and his sidekick Robespierre arrive in Paris, searching for Mewsette. Training does not go well. Just as Mewsette is about to give up and return to the farm, Meowrice takes her out to see the cat side of Paris, the Eiffel Tower, the Champs-Élysées and the Mewlon Rouge. Reinvigorated, she returns to her studies. Jaune Tom and Robespierre arrive just at that moment but are waylaid by one of Meowrice\'s shadowy cat henchmen and barely escape drowning in Paris\'s famous labyrinthine sewers. By coincidence, Jaune Tom displays his incredible mouse-hunting skills in front of Meowrice , who sees a money-making opportunity, gets them drunk , and sells them as mousers to a ship bound for Alaska. On the ship, Robespierre consoles a depressed Jaune Tom, telling him that any problem, regardless of size, can be broken up into manageable pieces, by remarking that even the mighty ocean is made up of little drops of water. Jaune Tom has a vision of Mewsette singing about how no problem is unconquerable, and the importance of never giving up . Mewsette finishes her training and is now lovely enough to impress even Meowrice, who commissions a series of paintings of her by such famous artists as Claude Monet, Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, Georges Seurat, Henri Rousseau, Amedeo Modigliani, Vincent van Gogh, Edgar Degas, Auguste Renoir, Paul Cézanne, Paul Gauguin and Pablo Picasso , so that he can send them to Mr. Phtt. Meowrice quietly writes a check to pay his "sister", Mme. Reubens-Chatte , and takes Mewsette to Notre Dame. There, he reveals his plan to ship her to America and tries to coerce her to enter a luggage crate, but after describing Mr. Phtt as fat and old, she manages to escape him and his sidekicks. In the resulting chase scene, she leads Meowrice and his henchmen onto a bulldog, who injures him badly enough to put him out of action for six weeks. Meanwhile, his sycophants  comb the city without success, searching for Mewsette. Meanwhile, not long after they reach Alaska , Jaune Tom and Robespierre strike gold. Now wealthy, the two cats hurry back to Paris. Disillusioned and homeless, Mewsette walks the streets of Paris . Just as she is about to commit suicide by hurling herself into the Seine River from the Pont Alexandre III, Meowrice appears with his cats and captures her. She is taken to the Gare du Nord train station, en route to a boat to America, and all hope seems lost, when Jaune Tom and Robespierre arrive. They have been aided by Mme. Ruebens-Chatte, who is irritated that her own brother double-crossed her and tears up the worthless check. In a humorously over-the-top fight scene inside the boxcar of a moving train, the three heroes defeat Meowrice and pack him into the crate intended for Mewsette, doubtless that this will be a nasty surprise for Mr. Phtt. The film concludes with Mewsette, Jaune Tom and Robespierre enjoying the high life in Paris that Mewsette was seeking when she left home .'] ['Based on a true story that was narrated over 1400 years ago, The Jar  deals with the epic struggle between good and evil, and highlights the ethics and virtues every family values. Set in a Middle Eastern village, the story of the jar begins when a poor yet virtuous family discovers a lost treasure buried in a jar under their new home. In their quest to return the jar to its rightful owner, a jealous and greedy neighbor who has his eye on the jar foils their attempts. A fascinating adventure ensues as the towns-folk try to solve the mystery of the jar. Fables of Bah Ya Bah  is a collection of the most splendid short stories from the Middle East. The ingenious adaptation of these stories into animation highlights lifelong values such as teamwork, positive attitude, good will, and compassion for animals. The Jar Activity Center is a CD-ROM Game Suite packed with 8 different challenging games that will keep kids excited while stimulating their minds and imagination. Based on the movie The Jar, this CD-ROM Game Suite has your favorite characters from the film. The Jar Fun Set comes complete with: The Jar movie videocassette, a Story Book & Accompanying Cassette, the Pick-A-Sticker Book, 2 Read and Color Books, 4 Coloring Books with Games, and a special bonus, The Jar soundtrack cassette!'] ['After being raised by a normal-sized man, tiny Tom Thumb  sets out to find others of his diminutive stature. He happens upon Thumbelina , a former circus performer, who is not only his size and age, but is also looking for others like her. But just as they meet, Thumbelina is taken prisoner by the comically sinister Mole King , who wants to make her his bride.'] ['In the Pride Lands of Africa, a lion pride rules as royalty over the other animals, who celebrate the birth of future king Simba. Simba\'s father King Mufasa gives him a tour of the pride lands, teaching him the responsibilities of being a king and warning him about the shadowy place beyond the borders. Later that day, Simba\'s envious uncle Scar, Mufasa\'s younger brother who longs to be king, tells him that the shadowy place is an elephant graveyard. Simba\'s curiosity is piqued, and he convinces his best friend Nala, a female lion cub, to come with him. At the graveyard, the cubs are attacked by three spotted hyenas, Shenzi, Banzai and Ed, before Mufasa rescues them and willingly forgives Simba for disobeying him. The hyenas are friends of Scar, who then plot with them to take over the Pride Lands. On Scar\'s orders, the hyenas stampede a large herd of wildebeest into a gorge where Simba is. Mufasa rescues Simba, but as Mufasa tries to climb up the gorge\'s walls, Scar throws him back into the stampede, killing him. After Simba finds Mufasa\'s body in the gorge, Scar tricks him into thinking that Mufasa\'s death is his fault and advises him to run away forever. As Simba leaves, Scar orders the hyenas to go after Simba, but the cub escapes. Scar then announces to the pride that both Mufasa and Simba were killed and steps forward as the new king, allowing a swarm of hyenas to live in the Pride Lands. Simba, now far from home, collapses in a desert from exhaustion, but is found by Timon and Pumbaa, a meerkat and a warthog who nurse him back to health. Timon and Pumbaa then take Simba in, and the lion grows on a carefree life under the motto "hakuna matata". Years later, Simba, now grown, rescues Timon and Pumbaa from a hungry lioness, who turns out to be Nala. The two reconcile and fall in love. Nala tries to get Simba to come back home by saying that because of Scar allowing the hyenas to live in the Pride Lands, it has become a wasteland with not enough food and water. Still feeling guilt over his father\'s death, Simba refuses and storms off. Wise mandrill Rafiki tracks Simba down, telling him that Mufasa is still "alive" and taking him to a pond where he is visited by the specter of Mufasa, who tells him that he has forgotten who he is and thus must take his rightful place as the true king of Pride Rock. Simba then realizes that he can no longer run from his past and goes back home. Nala, Timon and Pumbaa follow him, and agree to help him fight. At the Pride Lands, Simba confronts Scar on Pride Rock after he attacks his mother Sarabi. Scar taunts Simba, who still feels guilt over his father\'s death, but after pushing him over the edge of Pride Rock, Scar reveals that he killed Mufasa. The enraged Simba jumps back up and forces Scar to reveal the truth to the other lions. Timon, Pumbaa, Rafiki and the lionesses fight off the hyenas while Scar, attempting to escape, is cornered by Simba at the top of Pride Rock. Scar begs Simba for mercy, saying he is family and places the blame on the hyenas. Simba says he does not believe Scar anymore, but spares his life and tells him to run away and never return. Scar meekly walks past him, but then attacks his nephew. After a fierce battle, Simba triumphs and throws Scar off Pride Rock. Scar survives the fall, but is attacked and killed by the hyenas, who overheard his attempt to betray them. With Scar and the hyenas gone, Simba descends from the top of Pride Rock where he is acknowledged by the pride as the rain falls again. Sometime later, Pride Rock is restored to its former glory and Simba looks down happily at his kingdom with Nala, Timon, and Pumbaa by his side; Rafiki presents Simba and Nala\'s newborn cub to the inhabitants of the Pride Lands and the circle of life continues.'] [' In 1939, New Orleans, Louisiana, Charlie B. Barkin, a roguish Collie/German Shepherd mix with a con man\'s charm, is working with his gangster business partner, Carface Carruthers, at a casino fashioned out of a derelict oil tanker. Not sharing the earnings, Carface frames Charlie and has him sent to a pound, but Charlie escapes with the help of his best friend Itchy Itchiford. Later, Carface and his sidekick, Killer, kill Charlie by hitting him with an empty automobile. Charlie, however, goes to heaven by default, despite never actually performing any good deeds, because of the movie\'s namesake rule of the afterlife: All dogs go to Heaven. Charlie cheats death by stealing his "life watch", a glowing pocket watch, and winding it back up, allowing him to return to Earth. As Charlie leaves Heaven, a Whippet Angel warns him that he can never return to heaven. Therefore, it is assumed that if he dies he will automatically go to hell. However, Charlie quickly learns that his life is now tied to the "life watch," which means that as long as the watch is protected and operating, Charlie will live. Back on Earth, Charlie reunites with Itchy and plots his revenge against Carface by setting up a rival business. Itchy reveals to Charlie that Carface has a Monster. Charlie decides to investigate the monster, however, it is revealed that Carface is imprisoning a little orphan girl named Anne-Marie for her ability to communicate with animals, giving him an advantage when betting on races, which are apparently fixed so that those who speak the racing animals\' language can know in advance of the outcome. Charlie "rescues" Anne-Marie, telling her that they will help the poor and he will find her a family. Charlie takes Anne-Marie to the local Horse Track, where a pensive Anne-Marie doesn\'t want to talk. When Charlie says the money is for the poor, like in Robin Hood, Anne-Marie agrees to help. After a time, Anne-Marie becomes upset due to Charlie not looking for Parents. Charlie begins to make a large profit using Anne-Marie, who eventually attempts to leave when she realizes Charlie was using her in the same way that Carface was, but Charlie convinces Anne-Marie to stay by his side by promising to give to the poor, resulting in Charlie purchasing Pizza and Cake for an Orphanage of abandoned puppies. Anne-Marie, however, finds the wallet which was stolen by Charlie from the horse race. Anne-Marie angrily corners Charlie accusing him. Anne-Marie then sleeps in the attic. That night, Charlie has a nightmare in which he is banished to hell and is attacked by a Hellhound and its minions. The next day, Anne-Marie goes to return the wallet. Charlie finds her eating breakfast with the Wallet Family, the family whose wallet was stolen, where he discovers that the couple is planning to take Anne-Marie in. Charlie tricks Anne-Marie into leaving by pretending to be sick. After escaping an ambush with Carface and Killer, Charlie and Anne-Marie fall through the floor of an old warehouse into an underground sewer where they narrowly avoid being eaten by King Gator, a giant alligator who befriends them and learns how well Charlie can sing. Meanwhile, Itchy is ambushed by Carface and his thugs, who destroy Charlie\'s Casino. Charlie brings Anne-Marie to the church, where a beaten Itchy accuses Charlie of caring more for Anne-Marie than him or their business. Frustrated, Charlie says that he never actually cared about the girl. Anne-Marie overhears them, however, and runs away into a thunderstorm, and into the clutches of Carface. Charlie goes to the casino/boat to rescue Anne-Marie, where Carface and others captures him. Itchy is given instructions to warn the Wallet Family about Anne-Marie\'s capture, which results in the neighborhood dogs collaborating to get the message to the family. Charlie is ambushed by Carface\'s thugs, who attempt to tie him to a boat anchor. However, when one of the thugs bites Charlie\'s foot, making him howl, King Gator comes to their rescue, frees Charlie and eats Carface. Anne-Marie falls into the water, along with Charlie\'s watch. Charlie dives in to save Anne-Marie and the watch, but cannot get both. Charlie places Anne-Marie on a board and pushes her to safety. Charlie then attempts to swim to his watch, but is unsuccessful, resulting in him drowning. Anne-Marie ends up with her new family and Charlie is allowed back into heaven, instead of hell, since he sacrificed himself to save his friend. He gives his heartfelt goodbyes to Anne-Marie and Itchy, finally proving his love for her. Leaving Itchy in her care, Charlie finally departs for the afterlife, where he finds  that Carface has also ended up in heaven and attempts to use his clock to return home like Charlie did. The Whippet Angel chases him down warning him that he will never return, but Charlie emerges from a cloud and assures the audience that Carface\'s escape will not last long.'] ['An anthropomorphic cat from Kokomo, Indiana named Danny dreams of becoming a film star, so he travels to Hollywood, California in hopes of starting a career there . Danny is selected to feature in a film that is currently in production alongside an anthropomorphic female cat named Sawyer, but is dismayed upon learning about how minor his role is and tries to weasel his way into more time in the limelight . However, Danny winds up upsetting the star of the film; a spoiled, popular child actress named Darla Dimple, and is intimidated by her hulking valet Max into no longer trying to enlarge his part in the film. Later, Danny learns from his fellow anthropomorphic animal film extras that human actors are normally given more important roles than animals, a fact that none of them are very happy with but know they must accept. Danny, however, longs for the spotlight and tries to come up with a plan that will encourage humans to provide animal actors with better parts, such as by assembling a massive cluster of animals and trying to put on a musical performance for the humans to see . Later, he is given advice by Darla Dimple  through song on how to interest and satisfy audiences , and Danny takes this information to heart and groups together the animals for yet another performance in hopes of attracting the attention of the humans. However, Darla, fearing that her spotlight is in jeopardy with the animals around, has Max assist her in flooding Mammoth Studios while the director is giving an interview on her latest film and getting the animals blamed and fired. Everybody is depressed by being barred from acting in Mammoth Studios , who comes up with a plan for attracting the humans\' attention yet again. On the night of the premiere of the Darla Dimple film that was being shot, "Lil\' Ark Angel", after the screening, Danny calls the audience\'s attention and the animals put on a musical performance for everyone  that entertains and impresses its viewers . However, Darla, frustrated and agitated by her poor attempts at wrecking the animals\' show, shouts at Danny for trying to attract all of the focus away from her, and confesses to flooding Mammoth Studios. However, Darla\'s screaming is inadvertently picked up and amplified by a nearby microphone, unveiling the truth much to the dismay of the audience, Mr. Mammoth, and Flanigan, and having her fired. So, the animals are rewarded with larger parts from then onward, their dreams coming true. The film then ends with a selection of film poster parodies, putting the animals in certain roles, after which it is revealed that Darla has ended up as a grumpy janitor.'] ["Mowgli is living in the Man Village with the girl who lured him in, Shanti, his adopted brother Ranjan, and their parents. However, Mowgli longs to return to the fun of the jungle, and after nearly leading the other children of the village into the jungle, is punished by his adopted father for trying to lead them into danger. Meanwhile, in the jungle, Shere Khan has returned to Baloo and Bagheera's part of the jungle to exact revenge on Mowgli. Baloo sneaks into the Man Village and gets Mowgli to come with him to live in the jungle; however, unbeknownst to them, Shere Khan also infiltrated the village, only to be chased off by the village people. In the ensuing chaos of the tiger's attack, Shanti and Ranjan go into the jungle to retrieve Mowgli, believing that Baloo is a hostile animal and kidnapped the boy. Bagheera hears of Mowgli's departure from the village when the humans search the jungle for him, and immediately suspects Baloo. Mowgli instructs Baloo to scare off Shanti should she appear, and bemoans the boring life he had in the Man Village. Baloo and Mowgli journey to King Louie's old temple , however when the animals of the jungle mock Shanti and other aspects of Mowgli's life in the Man Village, the boy leaves, offended. He runs into Shanti and Ranjan, but Baloo scares Shanti as Mowgli wanted him to. When the truth comes out that Mowgli ordered Baloo to scare her, Shanti and Ranjan run away and leave Mowgli. Baloo recognizes that Mowgli misses his old life, but when Mowgli tries to make amends with his human friends, they are attacked by Shere Khan. The tiger chases Mowgli and Shanti to a temple built above a lake of lava, and Baloo leaves Ranjan with Bagheera while he goes to protect Mowgli. After confusing Shere Khan by banging several different gongs, Shanti's presence is revealed to Shere Khan. Baloo fights Shere Khan just as Mowgli is about to give himself up to save Shanti, but the tiger chases the two children to a statue across a pit of lava. Shere Khan is trapped within the statue's mouth, and it plummets into the lava below. With his nemesis defeated, Mowgli returns to the Man Village with Shanti and Ranjan, but they still visit Baloo and Bagheera in the jungle regularly."] ["Belle and the Beast throw a Christmas party for the local villagers at their castle who are been pardoned for their attack on the prince which been led by Gaston. Lumiere  and Cogsworth  argue who brought Christmas back to the castle, whilst Mrs. Potts  insists of explaining the true story behind Christmas' return to the castle. The film then switches into a lengthy flashback, during the events of the first film after the Beast saved Belle from a wolf pack. Belle  is excited for Christmas but is shocked when the castle servants reveal the Beast  has forbidden Christmas from occurring. Belle finds the Beast outside in the snow and offers to teach him ice skating, but the Beast storms off when he crashes into the snow. Belle decides to throw Christmas, Lumiere and Chip  accompanying her to the castle attic where they meet Angelique , one of Lumiere's lovers who objects to the reintroduction of Christmas, due to the Beast's curse occurring on Christmas when he rejected the Enchantress  entry into the castle. The Beast consults the court composer Forte , who was transformed into a giant pipe organ. Forte would prefer to remain as an ornament than be released by Belle, enjoying his manipulation over the Beast's anger. The Beast confronts Belle in the castle's boiler room, but they dissent over the occurrence of Christmas. Belle eventually meets Forte, who advises her to venture into the deepest part of the forest to cut down a giant Christmas tree. Belle then goes to the forest and finds the tree is near impossible to cut down and eventually falls under a sheet of ice. The Beast learns what has happened and goes to rescue her where he catches up to Lumiere, Cogsworth, Forte's humble minion Fife , and a carpenter Axe . However, the Beast, knowing that Belle was planning Christmas against his wishes, imprisons Belle in the dungeon. The servants visit Belle, and Angelique apologizes for her rude attitude. The Beast finds a present, a storybook, from Belle and reads it. Moved by the book's words, the Beast has a change of heart and frees Belle, offering to celebrate Christmas after all. Furiously realized that he and the other servants would return back to their human forms if Belle loves their master, the Beast before the last petal fall, Forte uses his music to destroy the castle in an attempt to destroy the rose, ensuring that he and all will be remained enchanted forever. The Beast confronts Forte, but is easily overwhelmed by his music. Fife points out that Forte's keyboard is his weak point, the Beast rips it off Forte who collapses and dies. Belle, the Beast and the servants celebrate Christmas together. The film ends at the party, with Prince Adam taking Belle aside and giving her a rose as a Christmas present as Fife is now his new court composer."] [' Halloween Town is a dream world filled with citizens such as deformed monsters, ghosts, ghouls, goblins, vampires, werewolves and witches. Jack Skellington  leads them in a frightful celebration every Halloween, but he has grown tired of the same routine year after year. Wandering in the forest outside the town center, he accidentally opens a portal to "Christmas Town". Impressed by the feeling and style of Christmas, Jack presents his findings and his  understanding of the holiday to the Halloween Town residents. They fail to grasp his meaning and compare everything he says to their idea of Halloween. He reluctantly decides to play along and announces that they will take over Christmas. Jack\'s obsession with Christmas leads him to usurp the role of Santa Claus. Every resident is assigned a task, while Sally, a rag doll woman who is created by the town\'s mad scientist, begins to feel a romantic attraction towards Jack. However, she alone fears that his plans will become disastrous. Jack assigns Lock, Shock and Barrel, a trio of mischievous children, to abduct Santa and bring him back to Halloween Town. Against Jack\'s wishes and largely for their amusement, the trio deliver Santa to Oogie Boogie, a gambling-addict bogeyman who plots to play a game with Santa\'s life at stake. Christmas Eve arrives and Sally attempts to stop Jack with fog, but he embarks into the sky on a coffin-like sleigh pulled by skeletal reindeer, guided by the glowing nose of his ghost dog Zero. He begins to deliver presents to children around the world, but the gifts  only terrify the recipients. Jack is believed to be an imposter attempting to imitate Santa, and the military goes on alert to blast him out of the sky. The sleigh is shot down and he is presumed dead by Halloween Town\'s citizens, but in fact he has survived the crash, landing in a cemetery. Although he is depressed by the failure of his plan, he quickly regains his old spirit, having come up with new ideas for next Halloween. He then rushes back home to rescue Santa and put things right. Meanwhile, Sally attempts to free Santa, but is captured by Oogie. Jack slips into the lair and frees them, then angrily confronts Oogie and unravels his outer covering to spill out all the bugs that live inside him. With Oogie gone, Santa reprimands Jack before setting off to deliver the right presents to the world\'s children. He makes snow fall over Halloween Town to show that there are no hard feelings between himself and Jack; the townspeople are confused by the snow at first, but soon begin to play happily in it. Jack reveals that he is just as romantically attracted to Sally as she is to him, and they kiss under the full moon in the cemetery.'] ['{{plot}} When Kelly has trouble performing a ballet move and fears going onstage, Barbie tells her a story to cheer her up. A girl named Clara lives with Drosselmeyer, her stern grandfather, and her younger brother, Tommy. On Christmas Eve, they receive a surprise visit from the vivacious Aunt Elizabeth, who comes bearing gifts for her niece and nephew. Clara receives a Nutcracker and Aunt Elizabeth tells her that inside, beats the heart of a prince. Tommy tries to take it to play with it but in the scuffle, he breaks its arm. Clara manages to fix the Nutcracker and falls asleep near the Christmas tree. She awakes to see her Nutcracker fighting the Mouse King and his mouse army. When Clara tries to help, the Mouse King shrinks her down to his size, though he is still unable to defeat them and temporarily retreats. The Nutcracker reveals that he has been enchanted and seeks to find the Sugarplum Princess, the only person who can stop the Mouse King from taking over his world. Following the advice of the wise owl of the grandfather clock, the Nutcracker suggests that Clara follow him, since the Sugarplum Princess is the only one who can make Clara her original size again. The owl gives Clara a heart-shaped locket from a ballet dancer ornament. This locket has the power to send Clara back home after they find the Sugarplum Princess. The two journey into the Land of Pervenia in the Gingerbread Village, where the children tells them that the rightful heir to the throne, Prince Eric, has gone missing in the wake of the Mouse King\'s attempts to conquer the world. Clara quickly figures out that her Nutcracker is the missing prince and he reveals that his irresponsibility is the reason of all the happenings. Due to his careless attitude the king pronounced the Mouse as an acting king until Eric  realizes his responsibilities. Unfortunately, the Mouse decides he wants to be king for once and all and thus put a spell on Eric, turning him into a Nutcracker. Eric hopes to redeem himself by finding the Sugarplum Princess and make things right again. Meanwhile, the Mouse King attempts to learn more about the Sugarplum Princess but only finds one reference to her: She is kind, clever and brave. Angered, he orders his troops to go after them in hopes of stopping the Nutcracker before he can reach her. Joined by the arrogant Major Mint and Captain Candy, the group sets out to find the Sugarplum Princess and defeat the Mouse King. After crossing the Sea of Storms with the purple horse named Marzipan, the group arrive at the Sugarplum Princess\' Island. When Clara is separated from the group, who are all captured by the Mouse King\'s bats. She ventures alone to the Mouse King\'s palace to free her friends with a help from the flower fairies. After being rescued, the Nutcracker fights a final battle with the Mouse King. Just as the Mouse King seemingly gets an advantage over the Nutcracker, Clara leaps in between them. The Mouse King tries to turn Clara smaller, but the Nutcracker uses his sword to deflect the Mouse King\'s magic back to the Mouse King himself. The Mouse King shrinks into the size of a real mouse and flees into the sewers. The Nutcracker has seemingly been injured, and Clara kisses him, whereupon he is restored to his true form – he is Prince Eric, and Clara, because she was able to break the spell, is revealed as the Sugarplum Princess. Her outfit transforms into a beautiful gown and Eric is crowned king. The couple, who have fallen in love with one another, dance as the citizens of the Land of Pervenia celebrate their victory. Eric asks her if she wishes to return home but Clara says that in heart, she is already there. However, the shrunken Mouse King makes one final attempt to defeat Clara. He swoops down on Clara upon his bat minion\'s back, steals the heart shaped locket she wears and opens it. Thankfully, he is knocked to the Earth by a snowball and apparently dies. Clara begins to fade and finally disappears. Eric is dismayed, crying out, "I love you." Clara wakes up in the living room where she fell asleep. She finds the Nutcracker missing once more. She runs to her Grandfather who dismisses the story as her imagination. At that moment, Aunt Elizabeth returns with a young man – it is Eric. Revealing him to be a friend, she insists that he stay for dinner and drags Grandfather Drosselmeyer and Tommy away. Eric gives her back the locket and asks her to dance. She answers, "I couldn\'t say \'no\' to the King", and the couple waltz together. The snowglobe shows the Prince – now a king – and the Sugarplum Princess dancing happily in the Palace courtyard. The story goes back to Kelly and Barbie. Kelly realizes the importance of not giving up and makes one more attempt at the ballet move she just can\'t do. Kelly and Barbie dance to the music and Kelly finally gets her steps right.'] ['{{Plot}} The Radcliffe family and their 101 dalmatians are preparing to move to their "Dalmatian Plantation", a home in the countryside with plenty of room for all of them. However, one of the puppies, Patch, feels lost in a sea of spots and wishes to be unique like his television hero, Thunderbolt. While watching the Thunderbolt Adventure Hour, Patch hears about a chance to appear on the show while it is filming in London. When the family accidentally leaves him behind during the commotion of the move, Patch heads for the audition to meet his hero and win a guest spot on the show, but his squeaky bark gets him laughed off-stage. Simultaneously, Thunderbolt\'s sidekick, Lil\' Lightning, who is actually jealous of him, tricks him into leaving by making him believe the producers plan kill off his character and replace him with a younger dog. This allows Lil\' Lightning to con the producers into recasting him as the hero. While out adventuring in an attempt to prove himself, Thunderbolt meets Patch. As Patch teaches Thunderbolt how to act like a real hero and Thunderbolt in turn teaches Patch how to bark properly, the two bond over their mutual fear of being "just another dog". Elsewhere in London, Cruella de Vil has returned, but is under probation and restraining order to avoid imprisonment for her past behavior. Her life as she knew it in shambles, she is initially able to calm her frenzy through an affiliation with a spot-fixated German artist named Lars, but despite his best efforts, he is unable to recreate the look she desires. In order to inspire him, she restarts her hunt for the dalmatians, using a newspaper picture of Patch to find their new address. As Patch\'s family finally become aware that he is missing and set out to find him, Cruella bails her former henchmen, Horace and Jasper Badun, out of prison and sends them in a stolen dog food truck to steal the remaining puppies. The Baduns succeed after dealing with Nanny, and they take them back to Lars, who quickly becomes enarmoured with them. When Cruella requests she be made a masterpiece from the puppies\' fur, Lars turns on her, refusing to harm the puppies. Angered, Cruella has him bound and gagged. Out of alternative options, she returns to her original plan of making a dalmatian fur coat. The captured puppies use the "Twilight Bark" to send a distress signal, which is picked up by Patch and Thunderbolt, and the two set out to save Patch\'s family. On the way, the encounter Lil\' Lightning, who follows them and convinces Thunderbolt not to use Patch\'s stealth plan but to openly attack. Thunderbolt frightens the Baduns, but Cruella knocks him unconscious and he and Patch are captured. Lil\' Lightning, believing his own scheme fulfilled, sneaks into the building and reveals that Thunderbolt is a fraud before fleeing. Crushed by this revelation, Patch falls into despair, but his brothers and sisters restore his spirit by reminding him that Thunderbolt escaped a similar predicament in one of the TV episodes. Patch breaks out and releases his family, but Thunderbolt remains behind, ashamed of himself for disappointing Patch. The Baduns discover the puppies have escaped and inform Cruella, but Patch tricks the them into going downstairs. The dalmatians then escape through the building\'s roof to a double-decker bus. Meanwhile, Thunderbolt escapes from his cage and frees Lars. Cruella and the Baduns discover the escape, and a chase ensues through the streets of London, crashing through the filming of Lil\' Lightning\'s new show in the process. Cruella and the Baduns finally corner the dogs in an alleyway. Patch tries to hold them off while the others escape, but they are undaunted. Luckily, Thunderbolt arrives, having being driven to the scene by Lars, and fakes a heart attack, briefly gaining Lil\' Lightning\'s sympathy and causing Cruella, in her distraction, to knock out the Baduns and incapacitate herself while Patch retreats back to the bus. He puts the bus in reverse, sending Cruella, the Baduns, and Lil\' Lightning scrambling into the River Thames. The police arrest Lil\' Lightning and the Baduns, while Cruella, now driven completely insane, is sent to a mental institute. The Radcliffes and Nanny arrive , along with Patch\'s parents, Pongo and Perdita, whom he introduces to Thunderbolt. The elder dalmatians thank Thunderbolt, but he dismisses himself as simply an actor. Patch, on the other hand, is, in Thunderbolt\'s eyes, "a real, one of a kind wonder-dog". After a newspaper montage reveals the fates of the characters, a post-credits scene shows Thunderbolt in his TV show with Patch as his new sidekick and the other puppies as extras.'] ['In 1885 Shostka, Russia, the Mousekewitzes— a Russian-Jewish family of mice —decide to immigrate to the United States after an army of cruel cats that belong to the Cossacks  destroy their village. During the trip overseas, the family\'s young son, Fievel, gets separated from the others and washes overboard in a storm. They arrive sadly in America, believing they\'ve lost their son. Fievel, however, floats to America in a bottle and, after a pep talk from a French pigeon named Henri, embarks on a quest to find his family. He is waylaid by conman Warren T. Rat, who gains his trust and then sells him to a sweatshop. He escapes with Tony, a street-smart Italian mouse, and they join up with Bridget, an Irish mouse trying to rouse her fellow mice to stand up to cats. When a gang of some cats called the Mott Street Maulers attacks a mouse marketplace, the immigrant mice learn that the tales of a no-cat country is not true. Bridget takes Fievel and Tony to see Honest John, a drunk  politician who knows all the voting mice in New York City. But, as the Mousekewitzes have not yet registered to vote, he can\'t help Fievel find them. Meanwhile, his sister, Tanya, tells her gloomy parents she has a feeling that he is still alive, but they urged her that the feeling would soon go away. Led by the rich and powerful Gussie Mausheimer, the mice hold a rally to decide what to do about the cats. Warren T. Rat is extorting them all for protection that he never provides. No one has any idea what to do about it, until Fievel whispers a plan to Gussie. The mice take over an abandoned building on Chelsea Pier and begin constructing their plan. On the day of launch, Fievel gets lost and stumbles upon Warren T.\'s lair. He discovers that he is actually a cat in disguise and is also the leader of the Maulers. They capture Fievel, but a goofy, soft-hearted orange cat named Tiger takes a liking to him and sets him free. Fievel races back to the pier with the cats in hot pursuit when Gussie orders the mice to release the secret weapon. A huge mechanical mouse, inspired by the bedtime tales Papa told to Fievel of the "Giant Mouse of Minsk", chases the cats down the pier and into the water. A tramp steamer bound for Hong Kong picks them up and carries them away. During the battle, Fievel is once again separated from those he loves and falls into despair when a group of orphans tell him that he should have given up a long time ago. Papa Mouskewitz overhears Bridget and Tony calling out to Fievel, but is sure that there may be another "Fievel" somewhere, until he sees Mama picking up his son\'s hat. They team up for a final effort to find him and, in the end, Papa\'s violin playing leads Fievel back into the arms of his family. The journey ends with Henri taking everyone to see his newly completed project— the Statue of Liberty, and the Mouskewitzes\' new life in America begins.'] ['{{In-universe}} Seymour S. Sassafrass, an eccentric, yet friendly peddler, and inventor, tells the tale of Peter Cottontail, a young Easter Bunny who lives in April Valley, where the Chief Easter Bunny supervises such Easter items as colored eggs and chocolate candy. Colonel Wellington B. Bunny, the retiring Chief Easter Bunny, names young Peter his successor despite Peter\'s propensity for boasting and telling fibs, which is exemplified when his left ear droops. Peter, who has dreamed of being the Chief Easter Bunny almost his entire life, gladly accepts. But not everyone in April Valley is happy with the Colonel\'s decision. January Q. Irontail, an evil, reclusive rabbit villain who lives in a craggy old tree, alone except for his assistant, a bat named Montresor, wants to be the Chief Easter Bunny... but only so he can ruin it for children everywhere, as revenge for the loss of his tail, which was run over by a small child who rollerskated over his fluffy tail , and replaced with an iron prosthesis. Because the constitution of April Valley says only the rabbit who delivers the most eggs on Easter morning can be Chief Easter Bunny, Irontail proposes that Colonel Bunny hold a contest between himself and Peter to see who wins. Peter, eager to prove his worth, accepts Irontail\'s challenge even as Colonel Bunny is preparing to turn the evil rabbit down. Although Peter promises the Colonel that he won\'t fail, he stays up late partying with his friends. Though he sets his rooster to wake him up at 5:30 AM, Irontail sabotages his friend by giving it magical "corn flavored" bubblegum. The magic gum causes the rooster\'s crows to float so far away that Peter can\'t hear them, resulting in Peter sleeping through and losing the contest. Even though the unfriendly Irontail manages to deliver only one egg, it\'s still one more egg than Peter delivers and so Irontail is named the new Chief Easter Bunny, as per the constitution. Immediately, Irontail begins to wreck Easter by passing ridiculous new laws that will doubtless make the entire holiday a complete disaster. Meanwhile, Peter, ashamed that his overconfidence and irresponsibility led to this tragedy, leaves April Valley in disgrace and shame. He happens upon Seymour S. Sassafrass, who  is also the friendly man who supplies April Valley with the dyes it uses to color its Easter eggs. He gets them from his "Garden of Surprises", which includes red, white, and blue cabbages, purple corn, striped tomatoes, and orange string beans. Proving to be a very compassionate and understanding man , Sassafrass offers to let Peter use his latest invention, the Yestemorrowmobile, a time machine. With the help of its pilot, a French caterpillar named Antoine, Peter will be able to go back to Easter and retake the contest. Unfortunately, Irontail finds out about Peter\'s plan and sends his spider to sabotage the Yestemorrowmobile\'s controls, thereby making it so that Peter and Antoine can go to any holiday but Easter! While Antoine tries to fix the machine, they find out that the rules of the contest, however, don\'t specifically say the eggs must be delivered on Easter, so Peter begins trying to give his eggs away at other holidays, without success. But Peter continues to attempt to persevere in his quest, even though no one seems to want eggs on any holiday except Easter. Along the way, he rescues Bonnie, a talking Easter bonnet, during Christmas Eve and meets Donna, a lovely girl bunny with whom he briefly celebrates Valentine\'s Day. Antoine gets left behind accidentally in a town back on Christmas Eve. But Peter\'s biggest problem is still Irontail and Montresor the bat; who are always trying to steal the eggs, or otherwise sabotage Peter\'s efforts , eventually succeeding in turning the eggs a mottled green color. After one final failed attempt to pitch the green eggs on Washington\'s Birthday, he finally manages to give them away on St. Patrick\'s Day, since they are the appropriate color for the occasion. As a result, Peter is crowned Chief Easter Bunny, and Antoine returns as a butterfly; Peter also goes and delivers a new batch of Easter eggs to the characters from the other respective holidays. And while everyone marches down the bunny trail in a big Easter Parade, Irontail gets demoted to Janitor of the April Valley Sanitation Department. In the end of the film, all of the characters  say "Happy Easter Day!"'] ['Russia is being terrorized by an evil witch known as Baba Yaga , and the only one who is not afraid of her is Bartok the Magnificent . Bartok, an albino bat, has just arrived in Moscow and is impressing everyone with his performances, including Tsarevich Ivan Romanov . However, Ivan\'s advisor, Ludmilla , finds Bartok annoying and naive, and she tries to make a cossack stop his performance. After Bartok\'s show, a bear suddenly attacks. Bartok saves everyone by stunning the bear, knocking it over, and trapping it in a wagon. Delighted with Bartok\'s bravery, everyone around him rewards him with gold, including Prince Ivan, who gives him a royal ring, much to the displeasure of Ludmilla, who reminds him that the ring is only for members of the Romanov family, not commoners. She asks that he take the ring back, but Ivan disagrees, saying it is time for a change. Ludmilla, seeing that she cannot dissuade him, reluctantly allows it and they leave. Ludmilla is still upset that Ivan has given a ring to a commoner, especially a street performer. Ivan retorts that that was his intention, and Ivan\'s friend Vol  agrees that Bartok was funny. Ludmilla, on the other hand, believes that Ivan needs to respect his duty to the crown, which incites Ivan, who is tired of listening to her, to say that he will do as he pleases and it is she who must respect the crown. Meanwhile, Bartok is counting the money he received when the bear wakes up and scares him. It turns out Bartok\'s amazing rescue was just another act - the bear is Zozi , Bartok\'s business partner. Zozi is apprehensive about Ivan\'s ring and agrees with Ludmilla, that the ring should be returned. Bartok stubbornly refuses to give it back since it was a gift. Back in Moscow, Ivan is kidnapped by Baba Yaga, which leads to an immediate investigation. Ludmilla finds one of Baba Yaga\'s iron teeth, and she informs the people what has transpired. When she asks for someone brave enough to rescue Prince Ivan, two children  nominate Bartok. Bartok and Zozi are on their way to St. Petersburg when Zozi spots the Cossacks coming after them. The pair become worried because they assume that Ludmilla wants Ivan\'s ring returned. Bartok tries to conceal his identity, but he is brought before the people, who explain that Ivan has been taken by Baba Yaga, and that they are relying on him to rescue their prince. Bartok reluctantly accepts, and he and Zozi head to the Iron Forest to confront Baba Yaga and save Prince Ivan. They find Baba Yaga\'s hut, but must answer a riddle given by a giant skull  to enter. When the riddle is answered, Baba Yaga successfully captures Bartok and explains that to save Ivan, Bartok must gather three items from the forest without any help from Zozi, or they\'ll "both die": Piloff, Oblie\'s Crown, and the Magic Feather. However, these tasks are very hard, for Piloff  is frozen to a boulder, Oble , a giant blacksmith surrounded by an aura of fire, must be tricked into letting his crown to be stolen, and the magic feather must be caught without flight, using only the boulder Piloff was stuck to and Oblie\'s crown. He gathers the objects demanded, but Baba Yaga still needs something from Bartok himself. He offers everything he can think of, but Baba Yaga rejects everything and bursts out laughing. Bartok, outraged, begins to yell, and he upsets Baba Yaga by accusing her of lying and cheating, and claiming that everyone hates her. After he apologizes to her, he starts crying and Baba gets the most important ingredient: tears which are from Bartok\'s heart. She makes a magic potion from the items she had Bartok collect and reveals that she never took Prince Ivan and that the potion she made was meant for Bartok himself. Baba Yaga explains that when Bartok drinks the potion, whatever he is in his heart will show ten times in his exterior. Bartok and Zozi return to town and lead Ludmilla and Vol up to the top of the tower where Ivan is imprisoned. However, when they arrive, Ludmilla locks Bartok and Vol up with Ivan and reveals she had Vol kidnap the prince  while she framed Baba Yaga as part of her scheme to take the Russian throne. She steals Bartok\'s magic potion and leaves Bartok, Ivan, and Vol trapped in a well tower filling up with water. She drinks it, believing her beauty will become tenfold, singing "The Real Ludmilla Comes Out" as she descends the tower. Unbeknownst to her, the potion causes her to steadily transform into an enormous dragon. Upon this discovery, the incensed woman goes on a rampage through Moscow, setting many buildings alight with her fire breath. Zozi then comes to the rescue, saving Bartok, Vol, and the Prince. Bartok battles Ludmilla and tricks her into climbing the tower. When it gets to the top, the tower starts to become unstable and causes the top of the tower to fall, flooding the streets and dousing the flames. As the townspeople gather around Ludmilla\'s dead body, Zozi reveals that Bartok is a true hero not only because he stopped Ludmilla but because he showed Baba Yaga compassion. Bartok returns Ivan\'s ring and Baba Yaga appears, writing "Bartok, The Magnificent" in the sky. Bartok gives Baba Yaga a goodbye hug as she and Pillof depart.'] ['Charlie B. Barkin the German Shepherd/Collie mix  welcomes his friend Itchy Itchiford the Dachshund  to Heaven after the latter choked to death on a chicken drumstick. However, while Itchy embraces paradise, Charlie reveals he has grown bored since his death and wishes to return to Earth. Carface, Charlie\'s old enemy, and a Pit Bull/Bulldog mix , is also in Heaven, but he steals Gabriel\'s Horn. However, upon leaving Heaven and falling into the swirl cloud, Carface loses the Horn after he is sucked through an airplane\'s jet turbines. The dog angels are alerted of the Horn\'s theft by Annabelle, the head angel , meaning the Pearly Gates will not be open for deceased dogs. After using some smooth talk and persuasion, Annabelle sends Charlie and Itchy to San Francisco, California to locate and retrieve the Horn. She gives them 1 miracle to use. Upon arrival in the city, the two dogs discover they are ghosts, unable to interact with the physical world or be seen. The two go to a bar for dogs where Charlie falls in love with a pretty Irish Setter named Sasha La Fleur . Carface appears in a corporeal form, courtesy of a red dog collar created by a mysterious dog named Red . Charlie and Itchy gain some collars, but they will only work for a day and Charlie and Itchy will become ghosts again after that. However, it is revealed that Red is really a Hellcat  planning to use the Horn to imprison and rule over the canine angels, and Charlie\'s collar will be used to manipulate him into gaining the Horn. Charlie and Itchy meet Sasha and her adopted "kid": a 8 year old lonely boy named David  who ran away from home because his stepmother and his dad are going to have a baby together, making David feel as if they don\'t love him anymore. He wishes to become a street performer. Charlie agrees to assist David, much to Sasha and Itchy\'s objections, leading David to believe that Charlie is his guardian angel, a title which Charlie lovingly adopts. On the way to a nearby entertainment spot, the group spots the Horn being taken into a police station. After a chaotic distraction, Charlie and his group retrieve the Horn, with Carface failing to steal it from them. Charlie, however, starts to have second thoughts about returning to Heaven, and places the Horn in a tied-up lobster trap before kicking it into the dock to make sure nobody gets to it. The group goes to the entertainment spot on Easy Street{{dn}}, with David and the dogs entertaining an audience with magic tricks, but a rainstorm and David tumbling into a fountain ruins the act, leaving him and the dogs with no money to earn. The group takes shelter at the docks from the rain, where David reveals his mother has died and his stepmother is having a new child, so he ran away under the belief he would be forgotten, despite the fact that his stepmother is actually worried about him along with his father. Charlie promises to go with David back home, but then confides in Sasha that he may have to break his promise since he must return to Heaven with the Horn. Sasha reveals feelings for Charlie, but just as they are about to kiss, Charlie\'s collar vanishes and he and Itchy become ghosts again. Determined to fulfill his promise to David, Charlie races to Red\'s place for a new collar. Red manages to manipulate Charlie into agreeing to give him the Horn, with Carface kidnapping David and demanding that Charlie brings Red the Horn to Alcatraz Island. He then brings the horn to Red, who plays it and sucks all of the dog angels out of Heaven and into Alcatraz\'s prison, before it begins to sink into the ground. Charlie, Itchy, Sasha and David fight Red as he grows to a giant size monster, with Charlie finally obtaining the Horn and playing it again to free the angels, who return to Heaven, and sending Red back to Hell. Carface  reappears hoping to make amends as well as trying to downplay his involvement, but Red drags him into Hell as well, revealing to everyone that Carface sold his soul to Red in exchange for his collar. After Charlie and Sasha profess their love for each other, he and Itchy return to Heaven, but Annabelle decides to send Charlie to live with David, resurrected. Itchy, on the other hand, decides to remain in heaven. Charlie returns to Earth, meeting David and Sasha at David\'s family home where David is reunited with his family, learning of his stepmother\'s love, and he calls her "Mom". After David asks to keep Charlie and Sasha. Then Sasha asks Charlie why he came back. Charlie tells her that he came back to be her husband much to Sasha\'s delight, but just as they are about to kiss, David works up some magic and presents Charlie and Sasha with their very own dog bowls with their names on it. Charlie and Sasha then passionately kiss and join David and his family as a couple.'] ["In Paris, France, in 1910, a mother cat named Duchess and her three kittens, Marie, Berlioz, and Toulouse, live in the mansion of retired opera singer Madame Adelaide Bonfamille, along with her English butler Edgar. She early on settles her will with her lawyer Georges Hautecourt, an aged, eccentric old friend of hers, stating that she wishes for her fortune to be left to her cats, who will retain it until their deaths, upon which her fortune will revert to Edgar. Edgar hears this from his own room through speaking tube and is unwilling to wait for the cats to die naturally before he inherits Madame Adelaide's fortune, and plots to remove the cats from a position of inheritance. He sedates the cats by putting sleeping pills into the cats' food and then heads out into the countryside to release them in the wild. However he is attacked by two hound dogs, named Napoleon and Lafayette. Edgar escapes, leaving behind his umbrella, hat, the cats' bed-basket, and the sidecar of his motorcycle. The cats are unharmed, but stranded in the countryside, while Madame Adelaide, Roquefort the mouse, and Frou-Frou the horse discover their absence. In the morning, Duchess meets an alley cat named Thomas O'Malley, who offers to guide her and the kittens to Paris. Marie, Berlioz, and Toulouse have a struggle returning to the city, briefly hitchhiking on the back of a milk cart before being chased off by the driver. Marie subsequently falls into a river and is saved by O'Malley. They then meet a pair of English geese, Amelia and Abigail Gabble, who are on a tour of France. The group head off, marching like geese, until they reach Paris and come across the girls' drunken Uncle Waldo. Abigail and Amelia then depart to take Waldo home. Travelling across the rooftops of the city, the cats meet Scat Cat and his band, close friends to O'Malley, who perform the song Ev'rybody Wants to Be a Cat. After the band has departed and the kittens lie in bed, O'Malley and Duchess spend the evening on a nearby rooftop and talk, while the kittens listen at a windowsill. The subject of their conversation is the question of whether Duchess may stay and marry Thomas. Eventually, she turns him down, largely out of loyalty to Madame Adelaide. Edgar, meanwhile, retrieves his sidecar, umbrella, and hat from Napoleon and Layafette with some difficulty, knowing that it's the only evidence that could incriminate him. The cats make it back to the mansion, whereupon O'Malley departs sadly. Edgar sees Duchess and Kittens coming and captures them, places them in a sack and briefly hides them in an oven. The cats tell Roquefort to pursue O'Malley and get help. He does so, whereupon O'Malley races back to the mansion, ordering Roquefort to find Scat Cat and his gang. Edgar places the cats in a trunk which he plans to send to Timbuktu, Africa. O'Malley, Scat Cat and his gang, and Frou-Frou all fight Edgar, while Roquefort frees Duchess and the kittens. In the end, Edgar is tipped into the trunk, locked inside, and sent to Timbuktu himself. Madame Adelaide's will is rewritten to exclude Edgar and include O'Malley . She starts a charity foundation providing a home for all of Paris' stray cats. The grand opening thereof, to which most of the major characters come, features Scat Cat's band, who perform a reprise of Ev'rybody Wants to Be a Cat."] ['The film opens with angel puppies talking to Annabelle . They ask her to tell them a story. She begins to tell them about how Carface saved Christmas with a little guidance from Charlie ([[Steven Weber  and Itchy . The movie begins in an alleyway with Charlie, Itchy, Sasha  and their friends decorating for a Christmas party. Everyone is enjoying themselves as Charlie and Itchy tend to the young pups. Charlie checks on Sasha and the money collection for Timmy the puppy\'s operation for his bad leg. Unfortunately, Carface  and Killer  arrive and start collecting debts from everyone. After Charlie refused to pay back Carface, he blows a mysterious hypnotic dog whistle that hypnotizes all the dogs and causes them to give Carface and Killer all of their bones. Before leaving, Carface and Killer make off with all the food, the presents, their money which includes Timmy\'s operation money and head off cackling. After failing several times to get the stolen goods from Carface, it is revealed that Carface is working for Annabelle\'s satanic cousin, Belladonna , who plots to use a massive version of the gigantic hypnotic dog whistle to hypnotize every dog in the city into stealing the Christmas presents, causing them to be thrown out of their houses and abandoned, much in the same way Carface was when he was a puppy. Charlie plots to scare "the Dickens" out of Carface and asks Annabelle for some aid, resulting in them being transformed into characters from "A Christmas Carol" by Charles Dickens. Itchy becomes the Ghost of Christmas Past, Sasha becomes the Ghost of Christmas Present, and Charlie becomes the Ghost of Christmas Future (as a reference of [[The Mask . The three of them visit Carface and make him feel guilty about stealing the items, especially the operation money; Sasha tells Carface that without it Timmy will die, but Timmy\'s death will cause another --- his own, as the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come shows him that because of his actions, he will cause his own death, and he will be condemned to Hell for eternity. Carface, having seen himself in Timmy, stops the whistle just in time to prevent the dogs from stealing the gifts. Belladonna flies into a rage and is about to kill Carface and Killer when she is frozen solid by a massive amount of snow caused by Annabelle. Meanwhile, with Charlie and the gang, it starts to snow. Everyone celebrates, but Itchy remarks that it\'s a shame that they didn\'t have any presents to give the pups. Just then, Carface appears on a sled pulled by Killer, and gives them all the presents back, and more. He even gives them Timmy\'s money box back, which is filled up full. Carface turns to leave, and Sasha asks him to stay and join the party. Carface respectfully refuses, saying he\'s going to visit his mom, but wishes everyone a Merry Christmas. And Annabelle finishes the story by saying "Merry Christmas!"'] ['* Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree * Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day * Winnie the Pooh and Tigger Too'] ["The story of the film is based on an old legend, that Santa Claus  gives animals the ability to speak on Christmas.{{citation needed}} The film takes place in a fictional rural farming community named Twobridge somewhere in Tennessee where a young calf named Annabelle is born on Christmas Eve. Upon meeting Santa Claus, she becomes fascinated with reindeer and their ability to fly, and wishes to fly herself. At the same time, having been gifted with the temporary ability to speak, she befriends her farmer's grandson Billy, who suffers from muteness due to smoke inhalation after a fire in the barn. Throughout the course of the year, they learn the true value of friendship and learn that with faith and a willingness to overcome great odds, anybody can achieve their dreams. Once Annabelle loses her ability to talk, the ability is permanently given to Billy, who later finds out. At the end of the movie, when Billy is a grown man married to his best friend Emily, Santa Claus grants Annabelle's wish of flying by turning her into one of his reindeer, returning her ability to speak in the process."] ['In an unnamed kingdom, a blonde princess and a brunette pauper are born simultaneously. The princess, Anneliese, craves freedom from her royal duties, especially when she is informed by her widowed mother, Queen Genevieve, that she must marry the wealthy king of a nearby kingdom because their own royal treasury is nearly bankrupt. The Pauper, Erika, craves a different sort of freedom as she is an indentured servant at the Madam Carp\'s Dress Emporium to work off her parents\' debt, but dreams of becoming a singer. Unbeknownst to the royal family, the royal advisor Preminger has been having his minions Nick and Nack steal gold from the royal mines for some time. Preminger plans to announce his newfound wealth to Queen Genevieve, which he believes will allow him to marry Princess Anneliese. When Preminger learns that Queen Genevieve has approached King Dominick of Dulcimia to marry Anneliese, Preminger orders Nick and Nack to kidnap Anneliese, so that Preminger can stage his "rescuing" her, hoping that Queen Genevieve will give him Anneliese\'s hand in marriage. Anneliese and her tutor, Julian, are in love with one another, though they are unaware of each other\'s feelings. To cheer her up, Julian decides to take Anneliese into town. The princess crosses paths with Erika and the girls are shocked to see how identical they are, the only differences between them being their hair colour and the crown-shaped birthmark on Anneliese\'s right shoulder. The girls quickly become friends as do their cats, Serafina and Wolfie. On the same night, Anneliese is kidnapped and a fake letter is left on her desk stating Anneliese "ran away" to avoid marrying King Dominick. Julian suspects she was kidnapped by Preminger, so he asks Erika to impersonate as the princess until he can rescue the real Anneliese. Erika agrees to the temporary ruse to help her friends, and surprises Preminger when she arrives to welcome King Dominick. Dominick and Erika fall in love, despite Erika\'s fear of being thrown into prison when revealed that she is an imposter. Anneliese manages to escape from Nick and Nack, but is turned away from the palace by a guard who believes "Anneliese" is in the palace with King Dominick and the Queen. Madam Carp mistakes Anneliese for Erika and locks the princess up in the Dress Emporium. Suspicious of Erika\'s impersonation, Preminger finds that Anneliese has escaped from the cabin where she was held captive. Julian, who had followed Preminger, is captured and imprisoned in a mine. When Preminger learns that Anneliese is at the Dress Emporium, he traps her in the gold mines with Julian. Upon returning to the castle, Preminger exposes Erika as a fraud and claims that she had conspired with Julian to kill and replace the real princess. Erika, unable to prove her good intentions,is locked away in a small cell by the queen. After convincing everyone that the princess is dead, Preminger persuades Queen Genevieve to marry him to save the kingdom, who agrees only because she cannot see any other option. Erika manages to escape from her cell and bumps into Dominick, who reveals that he doesn\'t believe that Preminger is telling the truth. Elsewhere, Anneliese and Julian confess their love for each other and work together to escape the mines. At the queen\'s wedding, Anneliese arrives in time to stop the marriage and reveals Preminger\'s deceit. When he tries to flee on horseback, his horse sends him flying into the wedding food and he is arrested. After confessing to her mother that she loves Julian and does not wish to marry King Dominick, Anneliese presents to the queen a solution to the kingdom\'s gold shortage: the rocks discarded by the miners actually hold amethysts and the mine is full of them. Dominick confesses to loving Erika for who she is and if she should choose to, he would be willing to marry her. Erika, freed from her debt to Madam Carp thanks to Anneliese, chooses not to accept marriage just yet and achieves her dream of being able to sing around the world. After several months, she realizes that the place she would really like to sing is among her friends. She returns and marries Dominick while Anneliese marries Julian in a double wedding, along with Wolfie and Serafina.'] ['A young girl named Kayley desires to become a knight of the Round Table like her father Sir Lionel in the kingdom of Camelot and wishes to accompany him when the knights are called to a special meeting with King Arthur, but he kindly objects that she is too young and promises to take her someday. When the knights arrive at Camelot , Sir Ruber  attacks Arthur. Mortally wounding Lionel with his mace, he is ultimately driven off by the other knights after Arthur strikes him down with Excalibur. After Lionel dies, Kayley must learn to live without him. Inspired by her father\'s bravery , she spends ten years tending to her family farm. Now a young woman, Kayley is still much of a dreamer and still wishes to be a knight, much against her mother Julianna\'s wishes. Her dream seems to pay off though, when the knights again gather with King Arthur and Merlin to discuss the era of peace among the kingdom when a gryphon flies in, attacks and wounds Arthur and takes the sword Excalibur. Merlin summons a falcon with silver wings called Ayden to face the gryphon. After a furious fight, the gryphon drops the sword into the Forbidden Forest and loses it. He reports this to Ruber. The call goes out across the land that Excalibur had been stolen, but Kayley\'s mother forbids her to go out after it. Shortly thereafter, Ruber comes to pay Julianna a visit, planning to use her to gain access to Camelot and introducing a magic potion that he had gotten that combines his men  with an assorted array of weapons . During the festivities, Kayley manages to free herself and escapes capture by fleeing to the Forbidden Forest , whose enchanted plant and animal life prevent Ruber\'s army from following her. The chicken, now named Bladebeak, is ordered to follow Kayley and report her whereabouts to Ruber. While lost in the forest, Kayley comes across Garrett, a handsome yet blind hermit who wants to be left alone . He grudgingly helps Kayley find Excalibur. Guided by Ayden, they manage to find the scabbard of the sword in the footprints of a giant. As they make their way into dragon infested mountains, they come across a conjoined two-headed dragon - the sophisticated and intelligent Devon and the boorish but loyal Cornwall. Thanks to the bullying from the rest of the dragons due to their differences and their inability to fly, they want nothing more than to be apart from one another . Developing a friendship toward Kayley, they join the party. Due to Kayley\'s insistence, Garrett misses a key warning from Ayden and is injured in an attack. During the escape, Kayley uses the forest\'s plants to heal Garrett\'s wounds, and they develop a mutual attraction and feelings towards one another . Soon they come across the giant who is using the sword as a toothpick and manage to outwit Ruber again, trapping him and his minions with the giant as they slide uncontrollably down the mountainside. Garrett returns to the forest, having grown distant from the world of men and preferring to stay in the forest. Kayley starts toward Camelot, sword in hand, but is captured by Ruber\'s men. Devon and Cornwall discover their power of flight, which only works when they cooperate or agree on something mutually. They rejoin Garrett, who mounts a rescue mission, but Ruber manages to gain entry to Camelot via disguise and traps himself with King Arthur with Excalibur; now grafted to his arm with his magic potion. Kayley is held prisoner in the back of the cart, but is freed by Bladebeak. Kayley and Garrett manage to fight their way with their friends\' help to join with Arthur and in a fight, they manage to trick Ruber into inserting the sword back into the stone it had been pulled from. The magical forces conflict and completely disintegrate Ruber, leaving the kingdom free again. The magic that spills on the kingdom separates all of Ruber\'s men  from their weapons and separates Devon and Cornwall, but the pair decide to reunite before the magic dissipates. Soon after Kayley and Garrett are knighted as members of the round table, and they share a kiss. As the pair ride off into the sunset, their horse has a flag mounted to its back reading "Just Knighted".'] ["As a young orphan English boy being raised by gorillas in an African jungle, Tarzan  is worried that a fabled monster known as the Zugor  will someday attempt to capture him. He is disappointed that he can't run as quickly as the other young apes in his family, and his attempts to prove himself keep resulting in chaos. When an accident leaves his ape mother, Kala , thinking that Tarzan has died, the other apes feel that Tarzan has reached a fitting end. Tarzan believes it best for everyone involved if he runs away. Alone in the jungle, Tarzan gets pursued by Sabor the leopard right to a rocky place known as the Dark Mountain, inhabited by two hulking, spoiled gorilla brothers, Uto and Kago , and their controlling, over-protective Mama Gunda . But Uto and Kago fear the Zugor as much as Tarzan does, and when the booming call of the monster echoes through the valley, Tarzan is able to escape from them. He encounters a crotchety old gorilla who at first keeps the boy distant, but Tarzan discovers that this old gorilla actually is the Zugor, who uses hollow trees as megaphones to amplify his voice and pretend to be a monster to scare other jungle creatures away from his territory and food. Tarzan uses this discovery to force Zugor into letting the boy stay with him. Thanks to Tarzan's cheerfulness and helpfulness, Zugor begins to warm to him as Tarzan continues to try to figure out what he is. Tarzan's two best friends, Terk and Tantor  come looking for him, but Tarzan does not want to return home with them. It is only when Kala arrives and encounters trouble with Gunda, Uto, and Kago that Tarzan finally realizes what he is supposed to be: a Tarzan, with his own special tricks that no one else in the jungle can do. Terk and Tantor eventually rescue Tarzan and become best friends once again. Tarzan tells Kala that she was the right before, and that he is a part of his family. The film ends when Kala gives Tarzan a hug and tells him how proud she is of him for rescuing her from Uto and Kago, after which Mama Gunda punishes them for destroying Zugor's tree house and Terk and Tantor are finally reunited with Tarzan."] ['Max Goof, now nearly 18 years old, departs for college with his best friends P.J. Pete and Bobby Zimeruski. He strives to work together with his friends to become the top team at the college X-Games. Upon arriving, Max is met by the "Gamma Mu Mu" fraternity, who are the reigning X-Games champions, especially their leader, Bradley Uppercrust III. Bradley invites only Max to join his fraternity, but Max refuses to leave his friends behind. A rivalry starts between Max\'s team and Bradley\'s Gammas, and they bet whoever loses in the finals will be towel-boy to the other. Meanwhile, Goofy, suffering from empty nest syndrome, loses his job at a toy factory, and is required to finish his senior year to obtain a college degree before he can get better employment. Goofy joins his son on campus to achieve the degree. Max talks his father to join the Gammas, to keep him out of his hair. Additionally, Goofy meets and befriends the college librarian, Sylvia Marpole, who shares his nostalgic love for the 1970s. Romance soon blossoms between Goofy and Sylvia, and they decide to go for a date that coming Saturday, which becomes a spectacular success with them dominating the dance floor. Although Max is initially supportive of Goofy\'s "distractions", tensions start to rise between them when Goofy beats Max in the first round during the X-Games qualifiers, though his success is due to cheating by Bradley, who placed a rocket booster on Goofy\'s skateboard. Bradley also tries to distract Max\'s own focus as he skates. Max\'s team barely makes it into the semi-finals. After the qualifiers, Max and Goofy fall out, with Max telling Goofy to "leave [him] alone and get [his] own life!". Goofy then loses his focus, forgetting his date with Sylvia and failing his first midterm exam. Goofy begins considering to drop out but, after inadvertently getting some advice from Peter Pete, he regains his focus and returns to college. Meanwhile, Max considers transferring thinking he let his teammates down, but after some encouragement from PJ and Bobby, he re-considers and decides that they can still win. Goofy returns to campus and reconciles with Sylvia, who then helps him study for his makeup exams, which he passes. Additionally, Goofy quits the Gammas, not wanting to compete against Max at all. The Gammas take this as an insult and literally throw him out. When Goofy re-enters the Gamma house to return his pledge pin, he overhears their plan to cheat in the final X-Games events like they always have. Goofy unsuccessfully tries to warn Max about this. At the X-Games semi-finals, Bradley and the Gammas repeatedly cheat in various ways unnoticed, eliminating all the teams while trying to eliminate Max\'s, albeit unsuccessfully. Just before the final race is to begin, Bradley activates a rocket mechanism in P.J.\'s skates that blasts him away, leaving Max\'s team with only two players: himself and Bobby. Without enough teammates, Max and Bobby face disqualification unless they can find a replacement player. Realising that Goofy was trying to warn him about The Gammas\' cheating, Max apologises to Goofy on the Jumbotron and asks him to join his team; Goofy gladly accepts in the nick of time. In the final race, one of Bradley\'s cheating maneuvers fail  when Tank, one of Bradley\'s minions, crashes  into a giant wire-and-fabric X-Games logo; it falls on them and sets on fire. Ignoring the accident, Bradley races forward to win the race for himself, but Max and Goofy help Tank escape. Despite the setback, Max manages to catch up to Bradley and wins the race by a nose and receives the grand-prize trophy. Conceding defeat, Bradley shakes hands with Max showing good sportsmanship and will become his towel-boy, but Max calls off the bet because Bradley has to deal with Tank. Tank then turns on Bradley for betraying him and slingshots him into the X-games blimp flying overhead. Once the term is over, Goofy receives his college degree. As a present, Max gives the trophy to him. Goofy then bids farewell to Max on his own at college and drives away with Sylvia.'] ['Best friends Tod, a fox cub,  and Copper, a hound puppy,  visit a country fair when they see a band of dogs called "The Singin\' Strays". The band has five members: Dixie , Cash , Granny Rose , and twin brothers Waylon and Floyd . It is important that they perform well because a talent scout from the Grand Ole Opry will be at the fair. Cash and Dixie get into an argument, and Dixie walks off before their performance, forcing them to go on stage without her. During the show Copper sings along, and Cash invites the pup up on stage to sing with them. The musical number is a success. Cash invites Copper to join the band, which he does upon promising that he is a "stray". Copper spends the entire day with Cash, forgetting his promise to watch fireworks with Tod. Dixie finds Tod and sympathizes with his feelings of abandonment. During their conversation, Tod lets it slip that Copper isn\'t a stray, and Dixie hatches a plan to get Copper out of the band with Tod\'s help. Tod lures Copper\'s owner, Slade, to the fair in a wild chase. The chase leads to widespread mayhem in the fair, and the Singin\' Strays\' performance is sabotaged right in front of the talent scout Mr. Bickerstaff. Copper is fired from the band and returns home with Slade. Granny Rose and the rest of the members of Cash\'s band feel quite sorry for Copper about this and therefore the band breaks up. Tod is sorry for ruining everything, and is brought home by Widow Tweed. Along the way, Tweed narrowly misses being hit by the talent scout\'s car, and Bickerstaff\'s hat flies off and lands on Tod. The following day, Tod and Copper admit their mistakes and are friends again. Hoping to amend for his doings, Tod gives Bickerstaff\'s hat to Copper, who uses it to track down the talent scout at a local diner. Tod tricks Cash and Dixie into thinking the other is in trouble, and the entire band end up meeting up at the diner. Copper convinces the band the importance of harmony, and The Singin\' Strays howl a reprise of their song We\'re in Harmony, attracting the attention of the talent scout. Impressed with the band, he arranges for the dogs to perform at the Grand Ole Opry. The film ends with Copper choosing to leave the band and play with Tod again.'] ['In South Park, Colorado, Kenny McCormick, Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman and Stan Marsh are on their way to the local movie theater to see the new film Terrance and Phillip: Asses of Fire which stars the boys\' favorite Canadian comedy duo, Terrance and Phillip. The boys learn new words from the movie, which causes the other kids in town to see the picture. The kids of South Park Elementary School begin cursing in class, and Kyle, Cartman, Kenny and Stan are sent to Counselor Mackey\'s office, where he informs their parents. Learning that the language was from the movie, the parents force the teachers to abandon their previous lesson plans and run a rehab-like center{{dn}} for the kids to get them to stop swearing. After rehab, the boys and the rest of the children see the movie again. After Kenny dies as the result of lighting his fart on fire like in the movie , the boys are grounded, Kenny is sent to Hell where he meets Satan and Saddam Hussein who are gay lovers, the parents of South Park boycott Terrance and Phillip, and Sheila  has Terrance and Phillip arrested for corrupting the minds of America\'s children. As response to having the duo arrested, Canada strikes back by bombing the house of the Baldwin brothers, killing them. Cartman is implanted with a V-chip by Dr. Vosknocker which will shock Cartman every time he uses profanity. Stan is trying to win back a girl he likes, Wendy, who is hanging out with another boy named Gregory. Stan asks Chef for advice, and Chef tells him to find the clitoris, which is a word Stan does not recognize. Sheila and President Bill Clinton reveal on national news their plans to go to war with Canada in response to the killing of the Baldwins and to have Terrance and Phillip executed at a USO show. Meanwhile, Satan knows that the war is a sign to invade Earth, and if the blood of the two Canadians touches American soil, it will be time for him to rise up. Saddam wants to come with him, but Satan is tired of being bossed around by Saddam. Kenny tells Satan to break up with Saddam to which Satan initially agrees, but Saddam wins back Satan with a song. Kenny haunts Cartman as a ghost and tells him that Satan and Saddam Hussein plan to come to Earth and for Cartman to warn everybody. The boys have a secret meeting to talk about how they can save Terrance and Phillip. They form "La Resistance" and Gregory tells Stan to meet with a kid named The Mole to help them infiltrate the location of the USO show. La Resistance and The Mole infiltrate the USO show, but The Mole is killed by guard dogs. It is up to everyone else to save Terrance and Phillip and Cartman\'s V-Chip malfunctions due to a power surge. The kids save Terrance and Phillip, but the Canadians unexpectedly show up and a bloody battle ensues. Sheila shoots Terrance and Phillip which results in Satan and Saddam Hussein rising from the ground. The other moms decide to stop what they are doing, seeing as what they and their Mothers Against Canada organization started and head off to look for their sons. Stan finds the clitoris  in the woods who tells him to be confident in order to win back Wendy\'s love. Satan finally kills Saddam when he gets fed up with all the abuse and brings Kenny back from Hell, telling him can have any wish in exchange for encouraging him to kill Saddam. Kenny wishes for everything to return to the way it was before the War, which means he will remain dead. Kenny is sent to Heaven due to this act, the war has ended, the Canadians and Americans become friends again, and everything returns to normal. Back in South Park, Ike, still hiding in the attic, eats a rat in a post-credits scene'] ['After a young red fox is orphaned, Big Mama the owl, Boomer the woodpecker, and Dinky the finch arrange for him to be adopted by Widow Tweed. Tweed names him Tod, since he reminds her of a toddler. Meanwhile, Tweed\'s neighbor, Amos Slade, brings home a young hound puppy named Copper and introduces him to his hunting dog Chief. Tod and Copper become playmates, and vow to remain "friends forever". Slade grows frustrated at Copper for constantly wandering off to play, and places him on a leash. While playing with Copper at his home, Tod awakens Chief. Slade and Chief chase him until they are stopped by Tweed. After an argument, Slade says that he will kill Tod if he enters his farm again. Hunting season comes and Slade takes his dogs into the wilderness for the interim. Meanwhile, Big Mama explains to Tod that his friendship with Copper cannot continue, as they are natural enemies, but Tod refuses to believe her. Months pass, and Tod and Copper reach adulthood. On the night of Copper\'s return, Tod sneaks over to meet him. Copper explains that while he still values Tod as a friend, he is a hunting dog now and things are different. Chief awakens and alerts Slade, a chase ensues and Copper catches Tod. Copper lets Tod go then diverts Chief and Slade. Chief maintains his pursuit onto a railroad track where he is struck by a train and wounded. Copper and Slade blame Tod for the accident and swear vengeance. Tweed realizes that her pet is no longer safe with her and leaves him at a game preserve. Big Mama introduces him to a female fox named Vixey, then Slade and Copper trespass into the preserve and hunt the two foxes. The chase climaxes when Slade and Copper inadvertently provoke an attack from a bear. Slade trips and gets caught in his own trap, dropping his gun just out of reach. Copper fights the bear but is no match for it. Tod battles the bear until they both fall down a waterfall. Copper approaches Tod as he lies in the lake below when Slade appears, ready to fire at the fox. Copper interposes his body in front of Tod, and refuses to move away. Slade lowers his gun and leaves with Copper, but not before the two former adversaries share one last smile before parting. At home, Tweed nurses Slade back to health while the dogs rest. Copper, before resting, smiles as he remembers the day when he became friends with Tod. On a hill Vixey joins Tod as he looks down on the homes of Copper and Tweed.'] ["Kuzco is the selfish 18 year old emperor of the Inca Empire. He summons Pacha, the leader of a nearby village, to inform him that he is building his enormous summer home, Kuzcotopia, on the site of Pacha's house, thus rendering Pacha and his family homeless. Pacha attempts to protest, but is dismissed. Kuzco's advisor Yzma and her dim-witted right-hand man Kronk then try to poison Kuzco so that Yzma can take control of the empire, but the supposed poison turns out to be a potion which turns Kuzco into a llama rather than killing him. After knocking Kuzco unconscious, Yzma orders Kronk to dispose of him, but conscience-stricken Kronk loses the sack holding Kuzco. Kuzco ends up in Pacha's village, accuses Pacha of kidnapping him and demands that Pacha help him return to the palace. Pacha refuses unless Kuzco builds his summer home elsewhere, and Kuzco attempts to find his own way home. He ends up surrounded by a pack of jaguars, only to be saved by Pacha. Meanwhile, Yzma assumes command of the nation, but when Kronk reveals he never killed Kuzco, the two head out and begin to search the local villages for him. Kuzco feigns agreement with Pacha's demand, and Pacha leads him back toward the palace. They stop at a roadside diner, and Yzma and Kronk arrive shortly after. Pacha overhears Yzma discussing their plans to kill Kuzco, and attempts to warn him. Kuzco, doesn't believe him and returns to Yzma, only to overhear Yzma and Kronk discussing that they are seeking to kill him, and that the kingdom does not miss him. Kuzco realizes Pacha was right, but Pacha has left. After a repentant Kuzco spends the night alone in the jungle, the two reunite with Pacha having forgiven Kuzco. They race back to the palace, with Yzma and Kronk chasing them, although temporarily impeded to their frustration by Pacha's family, until the pursuers get hit by lightning and fall into a chasm. Kuzco and Pacha arrive at Yzma's laboratory only to find that their pursuers somehow got there first. Kronk changes sides after a vicious tongue-lashing from Yzma who insults his cooking, and gets dropped down a trapdoor. Yzma summons the palace guards, forcing Kuzco and Pacha to grab all of the transformation potions they can and flee. After trying several formulas that convert Kuzco to other animals, and then back to a llama, they escape the guards  and find they are down to only two vials. Yzma accidentally steps on one of the two, turning herself into a tiny kitten. She still almost manages to obtain the antidote, but is thwarted by the sudden reappearance of Kronk. Kuzco becomes human again and sets out to redeem himself, building a small summer cabin on the hill next to Pacha's home at the peasant's invitation. Meanwhile, outdoorsman Kronk becomes a scout leader, with kitten-Yzma forced to be a member of the troop."] [" Ariel and Eric celebrate the birth of their newborn daughter Melody on a ship at sea. Ariel's father King Triton presents Melody with a magic locket. The party is interrupted by Morgana, sister of the deceased Ursula, who threatens to cause Melody harm, using her as leverage to get Triton's trident. Ariel and Eric work together to foil Morgana's plan. Fearing Morgana and remembering Ursula, Ariel decides to withhold all knowledge of the sea world from Melody. The locket is tossed into the ocean, and a massive wall is built to separate the royal castle from the sea. Twelve years later, Melody remains unaware of her mother’s mermaid heritage and is forbidden from ever going into the sea. However, she has been sneaking out the castle regularly to swim and one day finds her locket. Seeing her name on the locket, Melody confronts her mother and, frustrated with her mother's refusal to answer her questions, Melody takes a boat and sails away from home. Her parents soon learn that she is gone, and Triton uses his magic to transform Ariel back into a mermaid to search for Melody. Melody is lured to Morgana’s lair by her manta rays, Cloak and Dagger, and Undertow, and Morgana uses the remains of Ursula's magic to temporarily transform Melody into a mermaid. Morgana says that the transformation will be permanent if Melody can get hold of the trident, which she claims was stolen by Triton. With the help of Tip the penguin and Dash the walrus, Melody successfully returns to Morgana with the trident. Ariel tries to stop Melody, but before she can explain that Morgana is evil, Melody gives the trident to Morgana. With the trident in her grip, Morgana reveals her true intentions and grabs Ariel with her tentacle and holds her hostage. Morgana uses the trident's magic to lord over the ocean, rising to the surface to gloat. Scuttle, Triton, Sebastian, and Eric arrive, and a battle ensues against Morgana and her minions. Melody manages to grab the trident and throw it back to Triton by climbing up the cliff on which Morgana is standing and sneaking up on her. Triton uses his trident to encase Morgana in a block of ice, which sinks underwater. Melody reunites with her family, and Triton offers his granddaughter the option of becoming a mermaid permanently. Instead, she uses the trident to disintegrate the wall separating her home from the sea, reuniting the humans and the merpeople."] ['Joseph is the youngest of Jacob\'s twelve sons and is labeled as a "Miracle Child" since his mother, Rachel, was believed to be barren. Whilst his brothers work the farm, Joseph in contrast is doted upon and educated by Jacob, inciting the brothers\' jealousy and hatred. When he receives a beautiful coat from his father, his brothers hate him even more and fear he may take over as clan leader upon the death of Jacob, despite him being the youngest and only their half-brother. One evening Joseph dreams that the sheep his brothers\' flock are being attacked by wolves, and true enough whilst his brothers leave him alone to care for the sheep whilst they go swimming, a pack of wolves attack the flock and Joseph is nearly killed until Jacob saves him. Jacob is furious that Joseph was abandoned by his brothers, and also amazed that Joseph\'s dream came true. Judah, the eldest of the brothers and therefore their leader, merely dismisses this but Jacob is uncertain. The next night, Joseph dreams that his brothers each carry sheaves of wheat that bow down to Joseph\'s gigantic sheaf, and that he is a brilliant star in the sky, surrounded by eleven smaller stars and the sun and the moon. Jacob predicts that one day Joseph will rise above them all, alarming the brothers. They leave and retreat to a cave where they plot to do away with Joseph. Having followed them, Joseph overhears, and the brothers tear his cloak and hurl him down a pit until nightfall. When they "rescue" him, Joseph is horrified to discover their scheme to sell him to desert slave traders who take him to Egypt. The brothers then bring Joseph\'s torn and bloodied coat to Jacob and Rachel, who are heartbroken and are led to think he was killed by a wolf pack. In Egypt, Joseph is made the servant of a wealthy Egyptian Potiphar. He quickly proves himself an asset to his master and the two become less master and slave and more friends. However, Potiphar\'s deceitful wife, Zuleika, takes a liking to Joseph. She tries unsuccessfully to seduce Joseph and grabs him, tearing his clothes as he flees in fear. Out of malice, she tells Potiphar, that Joseph attempted to violate her. Angrily, Potiphar orders Joseph killed, but when his wife intervenes, he realizes that Joseph is not guilty of his wife\'s accusations and he reluctantly has Joseph thrown into prison. While imprisoned, Joseph shows his gift by interpreting the dreams of the royal butler and baker who are also prisoners. He accurately predicts that the butler will be restored to his position at the palace in three days, and that the baker will be put to death. Eventually, the Pharaoh begins to be plagued by dreams and is told by the butler that Joseph can interpret them. He sends Potiphar to retrieve Joseph who forgives his old friend and master immediately. Joseph interprets the pharaoh\'s dreams as warnings of an upcoming seven years of abundance in Egypt followed by seven years of famine that will wipe out Egypt. The pharaoh is troubled and at a loss for what to do in order to prevent the upcoming disaster, however, Joseph cleverly suggests that each year one fifth of the crops are put aside and kept for rationing in order to save Egypt. The pharaoh, impressed by Joseph, makes him  second only to pharaoh, and gives him the name "Zaphenapt-Paneah". As the years pass, Joseph\'s plan saves Egypt from starvation, Joseph marries the niece of Potiphar, Asenath, and has two children with her. Eventually, his brothers arrive in Egypt to buy food because the seven-year famine that struck Egypt has also desolated Canaan. They do not recognize Joseph, who is enraged to see them. They offer to pay for the grain with the silver they sold Joseph for - but Joseph accuses them of being spies, and demands proof of their identity. When the brothers claim they need the food to help their ailing father and youngest brother, Joseph becomes even more angry and has Simeon arrested and locked in prison. He orders the remaining brothers to return with their alleged youngest as proof. If they do not, then Simeon will be put to death. Appalled, the brothers leave. Asenath is equally shocked and demands to know what Joseph is up to. When she sees through his lies that they are thieves, he reveals that they are his brothers and that it was they who sold him into slavery. Shortly afterward, the brothers reappear with a young man named Benjamin who is Joseph\'s almost identical little brother. Simeon is released and Joseph asks Benjamin about his family. He is saddened to realize his mother has died but his father mollycoddles Benjamin, for fear of losing another son. The brothers lie that they had a youngest brother who was killed by wolves many years ago, angering Joseph more, though he does not show it. He sees through his brothers\' lies and decides to exact his revenge on them. Joseph invites the brothers to a feast and has his own golden chalice concealed in Benjamin\'s bag while no one is looking. After the feast when the brothers prepare to leave, Joseph prevents them from going and lies that one of them has stolen his goblet. Despite the brothers\' protests, Joseph cuts open the sacks of grain he gave them to take back to their homeland, and out of Benjamin\'s topples the gold cup. Joseph orders that he be imprisoned and enslaved. When his older brothers implore him to let Benjamin go and offer themselves instead, he is shocked. Judah beseeches Joseph not to take Benjamin, as the shock of losing another son would surely kill their elderly father. He confesses that their hatred blinded them in the past and that, in jealousy, they sold their brother into slavery and lied that he had been killed by wolves. Touched by their honesty and their honorable show of love for Benjamin, Joseph forgives them and reveals his true identity. The brothers and Joseph plead for forgiveness from one another, which both sides grant, and Joseph invites them and their families to live with him at the palace. Shortly after, he is reunited with his father who is overjoyed to see him again.'] ['In 1488, seven years after the original film, Captain Phoebus is still serving as Paris\'s Captain of the Guard, despite the death of his previous superior  in the previous film. He and Esmeralda have married and have a son named Zephyr. Quasimodo is now an accepted part of Parisian society; he still lives in Notre Dame with his gargoyle friends Victor, Hugo, and Laverne, and serves as the cathedral\'s bell-ringer. He and Zephyr are extremely close friends. A circus troupe led by Sarousch enters town as part of "La Jour de Amour", a day dedicated to the celebration of romance. However, it is revealed that Sarousch is in reality a master criminal who plans to steal Notre Dame\'s most beloved bell, La Fidèle , the inside of which is decorated with enormous jewels of various colors. He sends Madellaine, his aspiring assistant, to discover the whereabouts of La Fidèle. She encounters Quasimodo without seeing his face, and the two of them are hitting it off amazingly well despite having just met, but she runs away after seeing his face, shocked at his grotesque physical appearance. The gargoyles convince Quasimodo to go to the circus to see her again. Sarousch captures the audience\'s attention when he makes an elephant disappear, while his associates steal from the audience. Sarousch forces Madellaine to follow Quasimodo and obtain the information he wants. At first she tries to persuade Sarousch not to do so, but he reminds her of her background: years ago, when Madellaine was only six, Sarousch caught her trying to steal coins from him, but instead of turning her over to Frollo, Sarousch took her under his wing out of sympathy. She follows Quasimodo and Zephyr, and sees them spend the afternoon playing together. Eventually, the exhausted youngster falls asleep in Quasi\'s arms. Realizing that Quasimodo possesses a kind and gentle nature, Madellaine ceases to be frightened by his physical appearance. Quasimodo takes her around Paris, and shows her numerous sights. Meanwhile, Phoebus receives reports of robberies and starts an investigation with the city\'s soldiers . As rain begins to fall, Quasimodo and Madellaine run into the cathedral. Madellaine dries off behind a curtain, and Quasimodo shows her La Fidèle. Quasimodo gives Madellaine a figurine he made of her, and he tells her that she can now see herself through his eyes. Tears well up in Madellaine\'s eyes, and after kissing Quasimodo on the forehead, she leaves. The next day, Quasimodo feels odd; one minute he feels sick, the next he feels energetic. After he seeks Esmeralda\'s help, she realizes he is in love with Madellaine and tells him he must tell Madellaine of his feelings. Phoebus enters and expresses his belief that the circus may be responsible for the string of thefts in which Madellaine might be implicated, which do not delight Quasi or his family . Sarousch convinces Madellaine to distract Quasimodo while he steals La Fidèle. Having herself developed feelings for the hunchback, Madellaine refuses at first, but Sarousch blackmails her into obeying by threatening to have Quasimodo killed, much to Madeleine\'s shock. While investigating, Phoebus decides to question Sarousch, who denies involvement, but Phoebus spots one of the stolen jewels underneath Sarousch\'s hat and prepares to arrest him. Out of desperation, Sarousch tells Phoebus that Madellaine is responsible. Later, while Quasimodo is out with Madellaine, Sarousch and two of his subordinates sneak into the cathedral. Zephyr and Djali the goat follow them and watch as Sarousch causes La Fidèle to vanish. The gargoyles, who had tried to drop a bell on the thieves, end up trapped under it; Laverne rams one of its sides, causing the bell to clang loudly. Hearing the sound, Quasimodo and Madellaine rush back. When it is discovered that La Fidèle has been stolen, Clopin claims that if they do not find the bell, the festival will be ruined. Phoebus suddenly realises that Sarousch was behind the whole thing and played him for a fool. He sends the soldiers all over Paris to find Sarousch. Quasimodo assumes that Madellaine has used him, and tells Phoebus that he was right and he runs back into the cathedral. Phoebus apologizes to Quasimodo and has Madellaine arrested, and after realizing that he lost his true love and can no longer trust her, Quasimodo is seen crying on the steps of Notre Dame feeling miserable, used, and betrayed. Quasimodo climbs to the bell tower, hears the gargoyles calling, and pulls the bell off them. After they tell him Zephyr left to pursue Sarousch, Quasimodo and Esmeralda rush to the Palace of Justice to tell Phoebus. Madellaine, who is locked in a cell, tells them Sarousch has taken the bell underground. Esmeralda convinces her husband to trust Madellaine\'s word, and he ultimately agrees, but takes the precaution of bringing her along as a prisoner. Quasimodo and the others venture into the dark catacombs. They encounter Djali, who takes them to Sarousch and Zephyr. Sarousch forces Phoebus and the guards into opening the gate to allow his raft through by using Zephyr as a hostage. Madellaine convinces Quasimodo to trust her, and the pair run up a stairwell. Quasimodo lassoes a rock to create a tightrope, and Madellaine walks across it. When the raft passes beneath her, Madellaine seizes Zephyr from Sarousch\'s grasp. With Sarousch robbed of his leverage, Phoebus\'s men quickly arrest Sarousch and recover the bell. At the festival, a number of couples proclaim their love for each other while Quasi rings the bell, but then the bell falls silent when Madellaine shows up in the bell tower. She and Quasimodo proclaim their deep romantic love for each other and share their first kiss while Zephyr rings La Fidèle.'] [' On Christmas morning 1909, Jim Dear gives his wife Darling a cocker spaniel puppy that they name Lady. Lady enjoys a happy life with the couple and with a pair of dogs from the neighborhood, a Scottish Terrier named Jock and a bloodhound named Trusty. Meanwhile, across town by the railway, a stray mutt, referred to as The Tramp, lives life from moment to moment, be it begging for scraps from the local Italian restaurant or protecting his fellow strays Peg  and Bull  from the local dog catcher. Later, Lady is saddened after Jim Dear and Darling begin treating her rather coldly. Jock and Trusty visit her, and determine that the change in behavior is due to Darling expecting a baby. While Jock and Trusty try to explain what a baby is, Tramp offers his own thoughts on the matter: "Just a cute little bundle of trouble". Jock and Trusty take an immediate dislike to the stray and order him out of the yard. As Tramp leaves, he reminds Lady that "when the baby moves in, the dog moves out". Eventually, the baby arrives and Jim Dear and Darling introduce Lady to the infant, to whom Lady grows fond. Soon after, the two decide to go on a trip together, leaving their Aunt Sarah to look after the baby and the house. Aunt Sarah, however, dislikes dogs, refusing to let Lady near the baby. When Lady clashes with Aunt Sarah\'s two trouble-making Siamese cats, Si and Am, she takes Lady to a pet shop to get a muzzle. Lady flees, but is pursued by some street dogs. After the Tramp rescues Lady, the two visit a local zoo, where Tramp tricks a beaver into removing the muzzle. Later, Tramp shows Lady how he lives "footloose and collar-free", eventually leading into a candlelit Italian dinner. Lady begins to fall in love with Tramp, and the two spend the night together on a hilltop in the park. As Tramp escorts Lady back home the next day, Tramp stirs up trouble in a chicken coop. As the two dogs flee, Lady is caught by the dog-catcher. At the pound, the other dogs admire Lady\'s license, as it is her way out of the pound. Soon the dogs reveal the Tramp\'s many girlfriends and how he is unlikely to ever settle down. Eventually, Lady is collected by Aunt Sarah and is chained to the backyard doghouse. Jock and Trusty visit to comfort her, but when Tramp arrives to apologize, thunder starts to rumble as Lady angrily confronts him about his past girlfriends and failure to rescue her, after which Tramp leaves. Moments later, as it starts to rain, Lady sees a rat trying to sneak into the house with the apparent intention of harming the baby. Lady barks frantically, but Aunt Sarah tells her to be quiet. Tramp hears her and runs back to help. Tramp enters the house and confronts the rat in the nursery. Lady breaks free and races to the nursery to find the rat on the baby\'s crib. Tramp manages to kill the rat in battle, but knocks over the crib in the process, awakening the infant. When Aunt Sarah comes to the baby\'s aid, she sees the two dogs and thinks they are responsible. She forces Tramp into a closet and Lady into the basement, then calls the pound to take Tramp away. Jim Dear and Darling return as the dogcatcher departs. They release Lady, who leads them and Aunt Sarah to the dead rat, vindicating Tramp. Overhearing everything and realizing Tramp\'s intentions, Jock and Trusty chase after the dogcatcher\'s wagon. Jock is convinced Trusty has long since lost his sense of smell, but the old bloodhound is able to find the wagon. They bark at the horses, who rear up and topple the wagon onto a utility pole. Jim Dear arrives in a taxi with Lady, and Lady reunites with Tramp. However, Trusty is injured in the struggle and Jock howls in sorrow. That Christmas, Tramp, now a part of Lady\'s family, has his own collar and license. Aunt Sarah has also reconciled with Lady by sending her a box of dog biscuits. Lady and Tramp raise four puppies together: three resemble Lady  and the other resembles Tramp . Jock comes to see the family along with Trusty, who is carefully walking on his still-mending leg.'] ["The film is told through the perspectives of Timon and Pumbaa who watch their side of The Lion King in a cinema, occasionally stopping the footage to talk with one another. Timon shows Pumbaa his backstory, revealing him to be an outcast in his meerkat colony on the outskirts of the Pridelands. While supported by his mother Ma, Timon wished for more in life and left the colony after his Uncle Max is nearly eaten by hyenas Shenzi, Banzai, and Ed. He meets mandrill Rafiki who advises him to find his place in the world via Hakuna Matata. Timon wanders into some long grass upon deciding to venture to Pride Rock, meeting Pumbaa for the first time and they become friends very quickly. The pair arrive at Pride Rock during Simba's presentation to the Pridelands' animals. However, Pumbaa informs Timon that he gets anxious in crowds and passes gas explosively that knocks some of the animals out, making the rest of them kneel. Mufasa sees this and is very puzzled, but Zazu tells him that they are bowing down to Simba. Timon and Pumbaa look for several other places to live, intercepting with other events in the film. They are eventually caught in the wildebeest stampede that takes the life of Mufasa, but survive, and find a vast jungle which they decide to make their home, Timon learning of Pumbaa's own philosophy of Hakuna Matata, embracing it to his fullest. However, the two find Simba and raise him as their own despite the negative effects of Hakuna Matata. Years on, Nala appears after chasing Pumbaa and reunites with the adult Simba. Timon and Pumbaa attempt to prevent the two lions from getting together, but ultimately fail in their plan. Timon spots Simba running away after his off-screen argument with Nala and laughs it off , Pumbaa feeling guilty. Later, Nala appears asking where Simba is, but Rafiki explains Simba has run off to challenge Scar. After Nala goes to follow Simba, Pumbaa argues with Timon, who is angry that Simba had left them and selfishly declares he has everything he wanted in the jungle, but when Pumbaa leaves, loneliness started to kick in. Rafiki appears to Timon and reminds him that his Hakuna Matata is not a home but friendship, prompting Timon to go after his friends. At Pride Rock, Timon and Pumbaa evade the hyenas but run into Ma and Uncle Max who came looking for Timon. Wanting to help Simba, Timon proposes that they get rid of the hyenas by using tunnels. Whilst Simba fights Scar, Ma and Uncle Max construct a series of tunnels beneath them, Timon and Pumbaa use various tactics to distract the hyenas. When the tunnels are done, they quickly knock down the sticks keeping them from caving in; however, the last few do not fall and thus, the plan fails. Now cornered once again by the hyenas, Timon dives underground and quickly hurries and breaks the remaining sticks, saving his family and Pride Rock. Immediately afterwards, Scar is thrown off of Pride Rock by Simba and falls into the same location as the hyenas, who kill him for betraying them. Simba accepts his place as king of the Pride Lands, thanking Timon and Pumbaa for helping him. Timon takes Ma, Uncle Max and the meerkat colony to live in the jungle, realizing his true Hakuna Matata is family. The meerkats and Pumbaa celebrate with Simba, praising Timon as their hero for finding them a safe, beautiful haven and forever ridding them of the hyenas. In the final scene of the film, Simba, Timon's family, and an army of silhouetted Disney characters join Timon and Pumbaa to re-watch the film in the cinema, but Pumbaa informs Timon he still grows anxious in crowds."] ['The story starts off in New York setting sometime after the first movie, presumably between 1886 and 1889, and has Fievel recalling a strange dream in which he and his family went west . Fievel and Tony discover that an ancient treasure lies underneath Manhattan when snooping around an abandoned subway  and stumbling upon the remains of a dead mouse clutching a treasure map, deciding they must find it with the help of an archaeologist Tony knows: Dr. Dithering, along with fighting five villains as well. The movie focuses on the relationship between the over-exploited workers of a sweatshop  and the factory\'s rich owners: Mr. Grasping , Toplofty  and O\'Bloat . It also focuses on the plight of the Native Americans in the United States. The treasure under Manhattan turns out to be a group of Lenape mice living a long distance beneath the surface  that decided to hide when they saw how the first Europeans only brought war and disease with them and didn\'t want to wait for the European mice to do the same to them. An emotional scene ensues when Fievel must struggle with how cruel his own people the Europeans were  to the natives of America. The sachem decides to send his daughter, Cholena, to the surface to see if they have "changed their ways." Upon their return, Scuttlebutt   reports to the villains unbeknownst to the rest of the members of the expedition, who then decide to use this to their advantage. They tell all the workers of the sweatshop about Cholena  and that she is their enemy. The mouse NYPD Chief, McBrusque  and Scuttlebutt engage in a bout of police brutality, burning down "every mouse house and rat hole" until they find her. After the angry mouse mob try to capture Cholena and anyone else involved with her, Fievel and his friends decide to take Cholena back underground, but the police find out and go after them. Meanwhile, everyone finds out about Dr. Dithering\'s friendship with the Indian and take him to the butcher shop for his punishment. Papa tells everyone about how madness like this is why they all left for America and should work together to become friends with those different from them as the fellow Americans they are. Tiger saves Dr. Dithering from the villains, who escape and order McBrusque and his men to find and murder the Native Americans. Upon returning Cholena to her home and telling the chief what is happening. McBrusque, Scuttlebutt, and the other police officers show up to the village until the Chief, the Native Americans, Fievel and his friends drive the villains away. The chief gives them a gun powder bomb to collapse the tunnel connecting the Native Americans to the outside world. But before they can do so, they are ambushed by the enraged McBrusque and Scuttlebutt who attempt to kill the kids once and for all, but the two crooks are overpowered and Fievel manages to set of the bomb. This floods the tunnel, together with the evil McBrusque and Scuttlebutt as they fall into the chasm to their deaths. Tony and Tanya managed to reach higher ground, but Fievel was carried off by the current. When the water recedes Tanya and Tony desperately search through the mud to find him, before giving up. But just then, Fievel breaks through the surface, and they all three share a muddy group hug, thankful that everyone survived. The movie ends with Fievel\'s papa forming a worker\'s union and the villains agreeing amongst themselves to negotiate "with that riff-raff" because otherwise, they\'ll go on strike and make them go bankrupt while Tiger the cat, who is now the new police chief, watches them. The last scene is Fievel seeing, through a foldable telescope, Cholena and her father disappearing into a hidden door at the foot of a statue, which pleases Fievel.'] ["During the 1940 London Blitz, a family of three siblings, Charlie, Carrie and Paul Rawlins, are evacuated to the small village of Pepperinge Eye. There, they are placed in the care of Eglantine Price, who reluctantly accepts the trio into her home. The children learn that Miss Price is an apprentice witch, who wants to use her witchcraft to aid the war effort. In exchange for their silence, Miss Price casts a spell on a bedknob that Paul removed from a brass bed in their room. When re-attached to the bed, it will travel anywhere that Paul asks. The next day, Miss Price receives a letter from the headteacher of her correspondence school informing her he is closing the college due to the war and cannot provide her with a crucial spell she has been waiting for to help her cause. As a result, she asks Paul if she can use the bed to go to London to track him down. Reaching London, the four quickly encounter the headmaster, Emelius Browne, who is in reality a con artist. Browne is surprised to learn that the spells he thought were merely nonsense words out of an old book actually work for Miss Price. Miss Price asks to see the book, and Emelius takes the group to a mansion where he is currently residing . While the children explore the home, Browne shows Miss Price the book, which is actually torn in half, thus explaining why he closed the college before sending out the final spell. Browne and Miss Price travel to Portobello Road with the children to search its many stalls and carts of old books. Their search attracts the attention of a spiv named Swinburne, who works for a man known as the Bookman, who has the other half of the book. Miss Price and the Bookman exchange their halves, but the completed text doesn't actually contain the spell itself but simply states that it is inscribed on a medallion known as the Star of Astoroth. Bookman tells the group that, during Astoroth's life, the wizard used his magic to imbue animals that he kept in cages and chains, with anthropomorphism. However, the animals rebelled, killed Astoroth, stole many of his possessions, sailed away on ship and were never seen or heard of again. But Bookman mentions that his half of the book has a final notation that says in the 17th century, a shipwrecked lascar was found lost at sea. The lascar was half crazy with thirst and sun exposure but swore that he saw an island ruled by animals. But Bookman says the island doesn't exist because he looked for it in every chart. When Bookman names the island, Paul realizes it's the island described in a children's book he took from Browne's house. Before Bookman can get the book, Miss Price, Browne and the children escape on the magical bed and travel to the island, Naboombu. Initially landing in a nearby lagoon, the group is caught by a bear that is fishing in the lagoon. The bear reveals that no people are meant to be on the island by order of the king. The bear leads the party to meet the island's king, a lion. The king is upset because nobody has volunteered to referee a royal soccer match. Browne convinces the king he can referee the match, and he observes the Star of Astoroth hanging on the king's neck while being trampled upon several times by the wild animals. Following the game, Mr. Browne secretly switches the Star with his referee's whistle and the group escapes on the magical bed. Upon returning home, Miss Price discovers that the Star has disappeared, as it cannot leave the fantasy world. Fortunately, Paul reveals that the words of the “substitutiary locomotion” spell have been in his book all along. Miss Price attempts the spell, which gives inanimate objects the ability to move on their own, but is unable to control it. Later, when Miss Price and the children are informed that they can be relocated, they realize they have become comfortable with each other. However Paul refers to Mr Browne as 'Dad' which quickly makes him and Miss Price uneasy. Mr Browne decides to take the first train back to London, and he bids a sad goodbye to the children as Miss Price warmly thanks him for all his help. At the station, learning that there won't be any trains until the morning, Mr. Browne decides to sleep on the bench but feels guilty for leaving the family. That night, a German raiding party invades Pepperinge Eye and commandeers Miss Price's house. She and the children are captured and taken to the village museum, inside an old castle. Mr. Browne discovers other Germans engaging in acts of sabotage. He returns to Miss Price's home and breaks into her workshop. The Germans hear the noise but Browne uses a spell to turn himself into a rabbit. He then joins group at the castle. After reverting to human form, Mr Browne suggests the substitutiary locomotion spell be cast on the old uniforms and weapons in the castle. Miss Price agrees and uses the spell to create a magical army of medieval knights, Elizabethan Guards, Cavaliers, Redcoats, and Highlanders. The Germans, unable to stop the seemingly invincible army, retreat back into the sea but not before destroying Miss Price's workshop. The explosion knocks her from the sky, where she had been directing the magical attack astride a flying broomstick. This breaks the spell. Miss Price accepts that this is the end of her days as a witch, but is happy she got to make a small contribution to the war effort. The next morning, Mr. Browne enlists and departs (with an escort from the local [[Home Guard  but promises to return. Charlie bemoans that their adventures are over, only for Paul to reveal he still has the magical bedknob, implying that they can at least go anywhere they like."] ['{{Plot}} Eeyore, Rabbit, Tigger, and Pooh are working on a plan to get honey from a beehive. This involves getting the bees to move into a new hive by convincing them that Eeyore is a bee. Piglet comes up to them during the attempt, but is effectively told that he is too small to help. The plan goes awry when the bees do not fall for it, but Piglet manages to divert the bees into the new hive using a funnel and then seals the hive shut, trapping the bees. Unfortunately, no one has seen Piglet\'s heroism, having all been hiding from the bees. Piglet, feeling uncared for, wanders sadly away. Then, Pooh, Rabbit, Tigger, and Eeyore start running from the bees after they broke out of the fake hive and into Piglet\'s house. After finding Piglet\'s scrapbook, they all notice that Piglet is missing, assume that he has been scared off by, or kidnapped by the bees and decide to try and find him. They are joined by Roo and together the five friends search for Piglet. They are aided in this search by Piglet\'s scrapbook, in which he has drawn pictures of the adventures that he has shared with his friends. The characters use the pictures to tell the stories depicted therein. One of the stories told is the expedition to find the North Pole, where Piglet uses a long stick to save Roo . His heroism is overlooked when he gives the stick to Pooh and tries to catch Roo, who has been catapulted into the air during the rescue attempt. Christopher Robin arrives as Roo is caught by his mother and then credits Pooh with finding the North Pole . Back in the present, the friends regret not sharing the praise with Piglet. Another story told is the building of the House at Pooh Corner. Here Piglet comes up with the idea to build Eeyore a house and he and Pooh are joined by Tigger to build it. Tigger and Pooh do most of the work, whilst Piglet, unintentionally, gets in the way. The final house, however, is a disaster, but Tigger and Pooh go off to tell Eeyore about the house. Unfortunately, the house is being held together by Piglet, who eventually loses his grip and the house collapses. Tigger and Pooh go to inform Eeyore of the bad news, but Piglet arrives to tell them all that the house is fine. It is revealed that he rebuilt the house himself, but the location remains as Pooh Corner, since Pooh "would call it Pooh and Piglet Corner, if Pooh Corner didn\'t sound better, which it does, being smaller and more like a Corner". Back in the present, an argument between Rabbit and Tigger ends with the scrapbook falling apart and then falling into the river. Without their guide, the friends return to Piglet\'s house and, after a time, start to draw new pictures of Piglet and his adventures, some of which are new. Then, the friends again resolve to find their missing Piglet and go back out to find him. They come across several pictures from the scrapbook, which have floated downstream and then find the books bindings, suspended on a broken hollow old log, overhanging a raging waterfall. Pooh goes to retrieve it, but falls into a hole in the log. The others try to reach him, but the rescue attempt is just too short. Just as they ask who can help, Piglet arrives and helps haul Pooh to safety just as the log begins to collapse. Eeyore, Rabbit, Roo, and Tigger are now standing by the edge of the ravine, next to the waterfall, but the log inside which Pooh and Piglet were trapped has fallen far into the waters below. The survivors begin to cry and are joined by sad-looking Pooh and Piglet, who have managed to escape. Happy, the friends take Piglet to show him their new drawings, including a large one of Piglet dressed as a knight in shining armour. The next day they hold a party, but Pooh interrupts, taking Piglet to Eeyore\'s house, where he has changed the sign to read Pooh and Piglet Corner; "the least [they] could do for a little Piglet, who has done such big things!".'] ['Chanticleer  is a proud rooster whose singing wakes the sun up every morning . His singing keeps the other animals happy and the farm free from downpours. However, one morning, Chanticleer is attacked by another rooster sent by the "Grand Duke of Owls" . Chanticleer wins, but forgets to crow and the sun rises without his singing. The other animals reject him and drive him out of the farm, causing a perpetual rainstorm and the beginning of the Grand Duke\'s reign of terror on the farm. The story then reveals to be a storybook that a mother named Dory  reads to her child, Edmond , who becomes increasingly concerned about the impending flood on the family\'s farm. As his family leaves to help battle the storm, Edmond calls for Chanticleer to come back. Instead he is confronted by the Grand Duke of Owls, who expresses anger over Edmond\'s apparent lack of consideration for the needs of the owls and subsequently transforms Edmond into a kitten as punishment.{{cite book}} Before the Grand Duke can devour Edmond, he is distracted by the appearance of Patou the Basset Hound  and is driven away by the shine of a flashlight, which is his only weakness. Astonished by his transformation, the farm animals tell Edmond that they also seek Chanticleer\'s return, as his crowing is the only thing that can bring sunlight back to their farm. Edmond teams up with Patou, Snipes the magpie  and Peepers the mouse  and they make their way to the City, where they hope to find Chanticleer. Meanwhile, at the Grand Duke\'s lair , the Grand Duke is alerted of Edmond\'s journey to the city by his pygmy nephew Hunch , who the Grand Duke then sends off to stop Edmond and the other animals, who are floating on the flood. After fending off an attack from Hunch and the rest of the Grand Duke\'s owl henchmen, Edmond and the others finally reach the city, where they begin their search for Chanticleer. After a few hours, they finally find Chanticleer, who now makes a living as a famous Elvis impersonator, arousing the jealousy of a fellow performer, a pheasant named Goldie . Edmond and friends try to talk to Chanticleer, but are pushed aside by a group of singing toads acting as bouncers. Once the Grand Duke finds out where they went, he sends Hunch after them, but, fearing the bright lights of the city, the Grand Duke gives him a pair of protective sunglasses to prevent the light from hurting him. The flood worsens and the farm animals lose communication with Edmond and the others as the Grand Duke and his owls wait for the batteries in the animals\' flashlight to run out, knowing that it runs out eventually. Edmond and his friends disguise themselves and manage to send a note to Chanticleer, but he is distracted by Goldie, who has fallen in love with him. Edmond\'s attempt to reason with Goldie results in him and his friends being captured by the bodyguards and locked away in a trailer. Hunch breaks into the trailer and tries to do away with the group, but his failure inadvertently sets them all free. Out of guilt, Goldie shows Chanticleer the note that Edmond sent him and the two ride off on a prop motorcycle to save their friends. Chanticleer and the gang manage to flee from the bodyguards in an intense car chase and steal a helicopter, which they use to make their way back to the farm, where the farm animals have run out of batteries in their flashlight again and are about to be eaten by the Grand Duke and his owls. After using the helicopter\'s searchlight to temporarily drive off the owls, Edmond and the others try to get Chanticleer to crow, but he is out of practice and soon gives up. The Duke taunts Chanticleer in his stupor and strangles Edmond into unconsciousness when he chants for Chanticleer. Awed by Edmond\'s courage, Patou and the other animals chant the rooster\'s name in unison, causing the Duke to transform himself into a tornado. Finally regaining his confidence, Chanticleer crows loud enough for the sun to rise, shrinking the Duke down into a harmless miniature version of himself. Hunch, eager for revenge, attacks his uncle with a flyswatter. The floods then begin to subside. Believing that Edmond has died, the animals mourn him until he transforms back into a human boy since his punishment ended because he learned the error of his ways and stopped being afriad, causing the Duke\'s spell to break. Edmond awakes in the real world, finding it was all just a dream. Nevertheless, Edmond still believes in Chanticleer, using his imagination to visit the world of Chanticleer once more.'] 