['In the not-too-distant future, androids have come into common usage. Rikuo Sakisaka, who has taken robots for granted for his entire life, one day discovers that Sammy, his home android, has been acting independently and coming and going on her own. He finds a strange phrase recorded in her activity log, "Are you enjoying the Time of Eve?". He, along with his friend Masakazu Masaki, traces Sammy\'s movements and finds an unusual cafe, "The Time of Eve". Nagi, the barista, informs them that the cafe\'s main rule is to not discriminate between humans and androids. Within the cafe, androids do not display their status rings, and, when patrons depart, the door is automatically locked for two minutes to prevent someone from following them to discover their true nature. The first few episodes involve conversations between Rikuo  and the cafe regulars: the bubbly Akiko, child Chie and her elderly guardian, the lovers Koji and Rina, and others. These conversations make frequent allusion to Isaac Asimov\'s Three Laws of Robotics, often highlighting surprising interpretations of those laws, some of which form apparent loopholes. The overarching plot involves the beginnings of independence displayed by the androids, what they do with that independence within the bounds of the three laws, and what motivates them. Secondary plots involve the individual stories of each android the protagonists encounter in the cafe, and how they come to discover which patrons are androids and which are not.'] ['{{See also}} {{Cleanup-rewrite|it fails to properly introduce the themes and motifs of the story mentioned in the Production section below. See also: article reassessment|section|date(an elite unit within the [[Gaia ,|date.|date"jenova">{{Cite book}} in Midgar\'s church, surrounded by his friends, and the citizens of Edge. After curing Denzel and the other infected children with the water, Cloud turns and sees Aerith and Zack leaving the church. As they step into the white light outside, Cloud hears Aerith say, "You see, everything\'s all right," to which he replies, "I know. I\'m not alone... not anymore."'] ['The movie is about a young boy, whose father, Blue Thunder, was murdered by the villainous "Black Mantis." After Black Mantis kills his father and steals the family fighting style, Blue Thunder\'s son takes on the name "Thunder Prince" and vows revenge. He comes upon a wise old man who teaches him how to fight, but discourages revenge. When face-to-face with Black Mantis, Thunder Prince must decide which he will choose once and for all, honor or revenge.'] ["A simple diamond heist leads Lupin into the machinations of a bizarre cult. The cult is based around the prophecies of Nostradamus, and they kidnap Julia, the daughter of Douglas, a wealthy American who is seeking the presidency, along with Lupin's diamond. At stake is the lost book of prophecy Douglas holds in the vault at the top of his skyscraper. Can Lupin rescue Julia, find a way into the vault, and discover the connection between the cult and the kidnapping? And what about his diamond?"] ['Shibuya declared independence from the rest of Japan. Now Itasu monsters roam Shibuya which mostly looks like ruins because of an earthquake when Tasuku was a kid. Tasuku, now a young man playing acoustic guitar music saves a young girl, Shoko, from such a monster. Shoko has amnesia. There is a rumor that when Shibuya is filled with songs, it will return to Japan through a rainbow. The girl Shoko is not the first sample, and they are all under surveillance. 5 years ago Shibuya declared its independence from Japan. Around the same time an earthquake destroyed most of the buildings. The evil Irusaibu rules Shibuya. The people has become obsessed with a game called Pray where 2 or more individuals in groups or alone plays music directly into the brain of the opponent. Tasuku saves a young girl, Shoko, from an Itasu monster. She has amnesia and lives with Tasuku. Meanwhile Shoko and her surroundings are monitored, and there is a rumor that when all of Shibuya sings, it will return to Japan through a rainbow. It is soon revealed that Shoko has a great voice for the Pray game, and many more games follow.'] ["A woman comes to Yūko to ask for assistance because her key won't unlock her mansion. Later, Yūko receives an invitation to the mansion. Yūko sends Watanuki and Dōmeki along with her to the mansion. They aren't the only people there. Many collectors were invited. When collectors start disappearing, Watanuki starts to suspect that something supernatural is happening."] ['The film begins with Sakura and Syaoran capturing a Clow Card, with Tomoyo videotaping the event and Kero and Meiling cheering for the two. Later that night, Sakura has a strange dream of being surrounded by water and of a strange woman. The next day, everyone receives their report cards, which all but Meiling got good grades. Syaoran is nervous of his grades because of his mother, but is relieved that he got decent grades to show her. Sakura and Tomoyo go shopping and visit Maki\'s shop, where Sakura plays a lotto and wins a trip to Hong Kong. Sakura invites Tomoyo to go with her, and wants her father to go too. However, because of his job, he is unable to and that leaves Toya, much to her dismay. But she is cheered up when Yukito decides to go as well. Along with Kero, they fly to Hong Kong. Once there, Sakura feels a strange presence involving water. She is separated from her friends and hypnotized into nearly falling into water until Syaoran suddenly appears and snaps her out of it. Meanwhile, Tomoyo runs into Meiling, who explains that she and Syaoran have returned to Hong Kong for the spring break. She offers them to come back to the Li mansion so Sakura can change clothes after tripping in the water. There, they meet Syaoran\'s four older sisters and his mother, who takes an immediate interest in Sakura and invites them to sleep over, much to Syaoran\'s chagrin. Sakura is later warned by his mother that a powerful magical force is following Sakura. Syaoran is forced by his mother to accompany Sakura and the others around the city. However, Sakura encounters a woman with the same magical presence she has been feeling and uses water as her weapon. One by one, the spirit captures Toya, Yukito, Tomoyo, and Meiling. Sakura and Syaoran team up to save their friends. While Syaoran fights the woman, Sakura frees Tomoyo. However Syaoran is defeated and captured, and he orders Sakura to run and save everyone. Coming back into the room Sakura tries and fails to find the book that transported them to the other dimension. Now back in the hotel room Kero tells Sakura and Tomoyo a tale of when Clow Reed met and feel in love with a fortune teller in Hong Kong. His magic had caused her to use the magic for evil and so Clow Reed trapped her in a magical prison, and with that she vowed revenge against him. When trying to figure out how to go back to the woman to save their friends, Sakura remembers the well and realises that that\'s the place to go. Arriving at the well the three find out there is a barrier around the well house, when trying to figure out how to get in they hear footsteps coming toward them. Syaoran\'s mother shows up and splits the barrier for Sakura. Telling Tomoyo to stay, Sakura goes in to the well alone. While going through, Kero tells Sakura to think of where she wants to go. She thinks "I want to go to where my friends are", she arrives in a room. The birds from before are there and flies away. Sakura runs and arrives at a door. she opens the door to find water filled up to the top of the roof. Walking she swims to the top to once again confront the fortune teller. The woman demands to know where Clow Reed is, and that she has been using her magic to summon him and only Sakura appeared. Sakura tells the spirit that Clow Reed has been dead for many years, which the spirit refuses to believe. The woman attacks Sakura and demands the truth, and sadly saying she has been waiting for him for a long time. Sakura realizes that the woman in fact loved Clow Reed after he gave her a hair flower pendent, and finally the woman believes that Clow Reed is dead. With that, the woman dissolves into water, leaving only the pendent she has cherished, which dissolves a minute after she\'s gone. Everyone is free of their prison and everything returns to normal. The film concludes with everyone preparing to board a ferry and are about to return to Japan. Everyone does not remember anything, which the three says that that\'s a good thing. But the movie ends with Sakura saying that she has a feeling she has not seen the last of Hong Kong.'] ['Three years have passed since the end of the anime series. The Earth and the Jovian Federation have come to an uneasy peace. However, Akito and Yurika have both vanished, presumed dead, and a new threat to peace is rising. A grown-up Ruri Hoshino, as the new captain of the highly-mobile battleship Nadesico B, sets out to solve the mysteries. Much of the original cast returns in order to put a stop to the threat. In fact, one part of the movie has Ruri and her two subordinates traveling around specifically to rally the old Nadesico crew. Some of the crew have undergone slight changes; the Aestivalis pilot Ryoko now sports her natural hair color, but others  have not changed at all. The only new cast member of note is a young boy named Ensign Hari Makibi, who like Ruri is a genetically engineered prodigy and has exceptional control over machines, actually being able to single-handedly control the Nadesico. Hari also serves as comic relief thanks to his tendency to let his emotions get the better of him .'] [" A mysterious meteorite is hurtling towards the earth. During its entry into the atmosphere, it almost wounds Rayquaza, a sky guardian living in the ozone layer. The meteorite crashes into a polar zone, revealing two egg-shaped objects. The purple egg regenerates into a Deoxys and picks up the green egg. Rayquaza descends from the ozone layer to fight the invader. A battle ensues, destroying a nearby research site and traumatizing a young boy, scared by a stampede of Spheal, Sealeo, and Walrein. The purple Deoxys traps Rayquaza and is about to beat it, but it is distracted by electricity from broken computers, giving Rayquaza a chance to obliterate the purple Deoxys with its Hyper Beam. Deoxys goes back to egg form and falls into the sea, while some researchers take the green egg with them. Beneath the sea, the injured Deoxys regenerates and waits. The green egg appears somewhere in Hoenn. Four years later, Ash, May, Brock, and Max travel to LaRousse City's Battle Tower. There they meet Tori , a boy who is afraid of Pokémon because of psychological trauma that had ensued from the stampede caused by the battle between Deoxys and Rayquaza. Tori is found to be a loner. Deoxys, which has fully healed, leaves to find the other green egg which Tori's parents are testing in a lab. In the Battle Tower, Ash mistakes Tori for a Pokémon trainer and they battle against Rafe and Sid, with Tori using Ash's Torkoal. However, Tory does not know how to handle Ash's Torkoal and they lose. Tori runs away, stopping to save a Minun which was trapped in a trash can. Later, Ash meets Tori's parents and they have fun until they see a mysterious purple aurora, signaling the return of Deoxys. When Deoxys begins to remove the city's inhabitants to search for the green egg, it is up to Ash, Pikachu, and Tori to help it find the egg. This is complicated by the return of Rayquaza, and the security robots malfunctioning. Deoxys and Rayquaza then continue to battle, causing havoc in the city. The green egg is regenerated when Pikachu and Minun and Plusle charge the power generator in the lab. As the fight continues, Deoxys tackles Rayquaza into the floor. He is about to release a final blow, but the green Deoxys arrives in perfect timing and quickly transforms into defense form saving Rayquaza from the attack. The city is filled with blocks of robots almost destroying Rayquaza, but with the help of the green and purple Deoxys, Rayquaza was saved."] ['The film is independent from the canon and chronology established by Kurumada in his manga. In the movie plot, Seiya already has awakened to the Seven Senses, thus the movie can be situated after the Twelve Temples arc in the chronology. It starts off with Seiya, Hyōga, and Shun visiting the Star Children Academy, where they save one of the children from being run over by a car. A new character called Eri is revealed to be Miho\'s workmate and a second caretaker at the orphanage. She starts having feelings for Hyōga, and, one night, they are sitting outside watching the stars when they suddenly see a falling star. As Eri makes a wish, it is stolen by Eris, the Greek goddess of Discord, who uses it to revive herself. Things worsen when Eris takes possession of Eri\'s body and kidnaps the goddess Athena to Eris\' own Sanctuary. Eris plans to gain control of the world by sucking all the energy out of Athena with the golden apple to seize her body, and revives dead Saints of the past to fight for her, dubbing them Ghost Saints, and also Ghost Five. The protagonists receive the news about the kidnapping and set off towards Eris\' sanctuary. As they enter it, they fight various battles with the Ghost Saints, who end up being killed again. In the end, after a struggle with the last and most powerful of the "Ghost Five", Orion Jäger, Seiya is helped by the spirit of the deceased Sagittarius Aiolos, who sends the Sagittarius Gold Cloth to his aid. As Jäger is defeated, Eris is the only one left standing between the Earth\'s salvation and destruction. Seiya takes the Sagittarius bow and aims at the golden apple, but hesitates for fear that the arrow might hit Athena. Athena herself encourages Seiya to shoot the arrow, which he does, to Eris\' dismay, releasing Eri from the evil goddess\'s control. With the goddess of Discord returned to the realm of the dead, the Saints escape the crumbling sanctuary, and, along with the released Eri and Saori, walk towards a more peaceful world.'] ['Wonderful Days is set in 2142. Environmental pollution has led to a breakdown of human civilization. A technologically advanced city named Ecoban was built and it harvests energy from the DELOS System, which uses pollution in a carbonite catalyzed reaction to generate power. Carbonite extraction is carried out by people who live outside the city in the surrounding wasteland. Among them is an enigmatic young man known as Shua . He ends up in a love triangle with his childhood friend, Jay , and her superior, Ecoban security commander Cade . Jay chooses Shua over Cade and destroys the thick clouds over Ecoban, allowing blue sky to show through over the city. The movie deals with environmental destruction, pollution and class struggle.'] ["After a global-scale nuclear war, the majority of earth's surface has become a wasteland, with most of the world's survivors fighting over the few uncontaminated food and water supplies. Kenshiro, the master of the deadly martial art Hokuto Shinken, is traveling with his fiancee Yuria  when they are confronted by Ken's former friend Shin of the Nanto Seiken. After defeating Ken in combat, Shin engraves seven wounds on Ken's chest and leaves him for dead, taking Yuria with him. Ken's eldest brother Raoh, having witnessed the fight without intervening, returns to his dojo and challenges his Master Ryuken's decision to choose Ken as his successor over him. Raoh kills Ryuken and proclaims he will become the ruler of the new world. A year passes and Ken is found wandering in the desert. He rescues a couple of young children named Bat and Lin from bandits. Afterwards he allies himself with another martial artist named Rei, a Nanto Seiken master who is searching for his sister Airi. Ken learns from Rei that his brother Jagi has been impersonating him in an attempt to tarnish his reputation and draw him out. Ken heads to Jagi's lair and defeats him. Before dying, Jagi reveals that he was one who convinced Shin to betray Ken and that he is now living with Yuria in his stronghold of Southern Cross. Elsewhere, Raoh has amassed a huge army, expanding his domain by defeating rival warlords and begins heading to Southern Cross. There Yuria is treated with a life of luxury, living under the rule of King Shin. However, Yuria refuses Shin's gifts of affection, longing to be reunited with Ken. When she overhears that Ken is still alive, she attempts to sneak out of the castle, only to be taken captive by Raoh, who challenges Shin to combat. A while later, Kenshiro arrives at Southern Cross, finding the city in flames and Shin's men dead. Shin is still alive and fights Ken, but the battle does not last long, as Shin was graveley wounded in his battle with Raoh. Before dying, Shin tells Ken that Raoh has taken Yuria to Cassandra, the City of Wailing Demons. Lin arrives at Cassandra along with Bat and Rei, where they witness Raoh's army marching through the streets. Lin sees Yuria being held by Raoh's men during the parade and decides to break into Raoh's Dungeon later that night with Bat. The two meet Yuria in her cell and leave her with a plant grown from a seed Yuria gave to Ken before leaving. The plant catches Raoh's attention and Yuria is immediately sentenced to a public execution the following morning. Rei challenges Raoh, after defeating his second-in-command. However, he is no match against Raoh himself. Ken rushes to Cassandra, but arrives too late. After Rei dies, Kenshiro and Raoh unleash their full fighting aura and battle until most of the town is destroyed. Both exhausted of all their power and strength, Raoh manages to get in the final blow, and incapacitates Ken. Lin interrupts the fight before Raoh can kill Ken, and implores Raoh to stop the fight. Raoh agrees to Lin's request and walks away, swearing to postpone the battle for another day. Ken leaves Lin and Bat, and continues his search for Yuria, who mysteriously vanished during the final battle."] ['The story takes place during the third spring since Belldandy\'s arrival. Celestin, a former mentor of Belldandy, is released by Morgan Le Fay, and erases all memories of Keiichi from Belldandy to use her as a virus to hack the Yggdrasil computer in the heavens. Morgan le Fay heads to the Lunar Prison on the moon and releases the seal. She is able to make contact with a small mask that reveals that they must unite for their common goal. On Earth, it is the start of the New Year at Nekomi Institute of Technology, and various clubs seek to recruit new members. The Motor Club is one of them, and tries to lure new applicants with a display of the vehicles they race with, including the new two-seater Keiichi Morisato and Belldandy will be using in an upcoming race. Many new members initially join, including Morgan in human form. However, most of them are scared away by Toraichi Tamiya and Otaki Aoyama. That night, while the club members celebrate, Keiichi inadvertently finds himself in a compromising situation with club member Hasegawa. Belldandy runs outside, with Keiichi in pursuit. When Keiichi catches up to her, she apologizes; Keiichi simply smiles and comments upon the arrival of spring. Comforted, Belldandy smiles back and tells him in a flurry of cherry blossoms that she hopes she can spend all of her springs with him. Celestin, a former mentor of Belldandy, then appears. Urd flies in and angrily orders Celestin to step away from Belldandy. Refusing to step away, he turns Belldandy around and gives her a kiss on the lips, whereupon Belldandy collapses, much to everyone\'s shock. Urd then attacks him with a lightning bolt, but he has disappeared. At the temple, Urd finds out that Belldandy has been infected with a virus. Peorth calls to inform Urd that Yggdrasil has also been compromised by the virus, and isolates The Heavens from Earth as a security measure until it is stopped, meaning that Belldandy cannot receive treatment until the matter is resolved. When she finally regains consciousness, Belldandy can not recall memories of Keiichi, even though she can identify Skuld and Urd immediately. Urd recognizes the symptoms as selective amnesia and informs Keiichi that all of Belldandy\'s memories after their first encounter must have been sealed. Proving Urd\'s speculation, Belldandy informs Keiichi that she may grant him one wish. After Skuld reprimands him, Keiichi craftily wishes that Belldandy\'s memories be restored, but as Yggdrasil is down, Belldandy finds that she cannot process the request. Skuld attempts to restore Belldandy\'s memory with a number of inventions, but the most they do is remind Belldandy to give Keiichi her business card. Unable to find an immediate solution, Keiichi decides to accept the current situation for the moment, and try to live as normally as possible. When the Motor Club is told about Belldandy\'s condition, they are shocked, but also concerned about their upcoming race; the competition is a mixed-gender race. When Sora declines the opportunity, Morgan offers to take Belldandy\'s place. Unsure about her skill, the club gives her a trial-run with Keiichi; seeing them ride the bike causes some traces of memory to return to Belldandy. Up to this point, Keiichi has managed to remain surprisingly stoic despite Belldandy\'s condition. However, as he drives back to the temple that night at dangerously high speeds, he is so immersed in his troubles that he subconsciously expects Belldandy to aid him in making a sharp turn, without realizing that those memories remain locked and this almost causes an accident. Realizing Keiichi\'s guilt stirs something in Belldandy\'s heart, perhaps a faint reminder of the love they once shared. When Belldandy accidentally uncovers a photo album filled with pictures of the two at the temple, she realizes just how deeply her amnesia has affected Keiichi. Realizing the recent emptiness in his smiles inspires Belldandy to get to know him better, starting by opting to remain as Keiichi\'s partner in the upcoming race despite her amnesia. When an irritated Morgan hears about Belldandy\'s renewed resolve, she challenges Keiichi and Belldandy to a race, teaming up with Megumi at Keiichi\'s request. Despite Morgan\'s best efforts however, they are no match for the two, and what\'s more, the experience apparently unlocks more of Belldandy\'s memories. That night, Belldandy accidentally overhears a discussion between Keiichi and her sisters regarding Celestine\'s role in the current crisis. Realizing that Celestine erased her memories and inserted the virus, Belldandy stumbles out into the night, shocked and confused. Taking advantage of the situation, Celestine lures Belldandy away and when Urd arrives, he uses the virus to turn Belldandy against her elder sister in combat. Keiichi and Skuld\'s arrival causes a massive amount of uncontrollable energy from Belldandy as she struggles to reaffirm her sense of self, knocking out everyone in the vicinity. Successfully finding the side of her that she hid away after Celestine\'s betrayal allows her to safely dissipate the energy, though she faints in the process. Skuld wakes up to find the locality ravaged in the aftermath of the battlefield. When she spots Celestine calmly stepping down the stairs, she summons Noble Scarlet and angrily knocks Celestine with a thunderbolt into a screen, causing water to flood. Keiichi awakens just in time to notice the oncoming wave, and rushes to cover Belldandy, so that he will take the brunt of the blow for her. Belldandy awakens to find Keiichi comatose on the ground and hysterically tries to revive him. Back at the temple, Belldandy comes to her senses, but her heart is uneasy and believes that she has only served to bring suffering to Keiichi. Skuld assures her that, regardless of present circumstances, in all of the friends they have made and all the experiences they have been through, Keiichi and Belldandy have weathered all with smiles. Reassured, Belldandy falls into Skuld\'s lap, sparking concern from her, but Urd assures her that Belldandy is merely exhausted from the battle. When Keiichi walks into the empty Motor Club clubhouse alone the next morning, he finds Morgan bleeding on the stairway from the battle. Disregarding her attempts to decline, Keiichi insists that she come with him to the hospital wing. While he treats the wound on her arm, Morgan cryptically asks him whether he could love her, telling him that in the world that is coming Belldandy will belong to Celestine. Before he can reply, she forcibly kisses him; unbeknownst to them, Belldandy sees them through the door. Due in part to her upset over this  Belldandy prepares herself to accept the vaccine, which will destroy the virus in her, at the risk of erasing all her memories. In coordination with Heaven, the ceremony of administering the vaccine commences, but something goes wrong. The virus inside Belldandy has been using her as a Trojan horse; since Goddesses are connected to Yggdrasil, it was able to infect the main system through her, although without direct access it was only able to make slow progress. The Heavens made direct access with Belldandy to administer the vaccine, unwittingly allowing it even deeper into the system. More seriously, while usurping this direct link, the virus rewrites itself using the vaccine, turning itself into a program that bypasses all of Yggdrasil\'s security measures. Exploiting the direct link between Belldandy and Yggdrasill, Celestin hacks deep into the system mainframe, accessing an enigmatic program that to this point is referred to only as top-secret. He possesses Keiichi and pulls the program through Belldandy, incorporating it into the vaccine mandala. This creates an enormous magical field that swallows the temple and the surrounding forest. Three enormous tree trunks spiral from the ground into the sky, and a gargantuan being slowly materialized. In Belldandy\'s past, Celestin, concerned that the Gods were not listening to the suffering of those of the lower worlds, tried to rise up against them, first by destroying the Gate of Judgment. Heaven\'s agents are sent against him, but Belldandy manages to stop them, protecting her mentor. More people are sent, and both are restrained. Celestin was sentenced to eternity in the Lunar Prison, while Belldandy\'s memories of the events were to be erased by Urd. If Celestin destroys Yggdrasil and the entire Earth, a new Earth, free of suffering, will have to be created. The three Goddesses stand united against Celestin and Morgan, trying to stop them. Back in the Heavens, Peorth authorizes the use of Gungnir to stop Celestin. She launches the attack, but Belldandy manages to protect him at the last minute: they may be attacking Celestin, but it is Keiichi that would be killed. Keiichi then helps Belldandy block the attack by borrowing Celestin\'s power . Realizing he was wrong, Celestin finally concedes, and releases Keiichi from his body. Soon after, Belldandy, Keiichi and Morgan are transported to the Gate of Judgement. Having once lost her love when trying to pass this test of the Gods, Morgan warns the two to not pass through it, but they move forward, with complete confidence they will pass through safely and not be separated. Upon stepping through the gate, they return to Earth. As they return, Morgan tells them that she will stay and tell couples who come in the future the story of how they passed the test. The two return, but back in the Heavens, Yggdrasil is critically damaged. The three goddesses and their angels come together to sing and rapidly restore The World Tree, before dematerializing it. Finally by herself, Belldandy informs Keiichi that the virus deleted Yggdrasil\'s records, meaning that he is once again free to ask for any wish. Smiling softly, he replies, "That\'s easy," sparking their love for one another once more. Up on a tree, Skuld wistfully wishes that she too will one day fall in love, just like Belldandy, only for Urd to state that she is a hundred years  too young.'] ['In an interview with Anime News Network, Kon talked about the film: {{quote}} The film will center on three characters, Ririco, Robin and King – all three of whom are automated.{{Citation needed}}'] ['The Seishun Academy Middle School tennis regulars are invited on a cruise by Sakurafubuki Hikomaro to play a match with his own tennis team. Aboard the cruise ship, Ryoga Echizen introduces himself to the team as Ryoma\'s older brother. Ryoma reveals that Ryoga was adopted by Nanjiroh many years ago, when they lived in America, but mysteriously left home prior to Ryoma enrolling in Seigaku. That evening, after a banquet dinner, Takashi Kawamura, being a sushi chef, remarks that the food did not taste as expensive as it looked. In the bathroom, Sadaharu Inui discovers that the marble on the wall is fake when he tears off a piece of wallpaper. It becomes clear that something is not right. The next day, Sakurafubuki reveals to Tezuka and Oishi that they are actually part of an illegal gambling plot. If they purposely lose their matches the next day, Sakurafubuki will rake in a lot of money from people that have betted on Seigaku winning. But, should they choose not listen and win the matches, the team faces the grim possibility of losing their lives. It turns out that everyone on the ship are either gamblers or Sakurafubuki\'s henchmen, so therefore, Seigaku can only trust themselves. The team tries to form a plan of action while playing the matches as directed, but they are ultimately held hostage by Sakurafubuki\'s chef when Kikumaru Eiji is caught eavesdropping. Only Tezuka, Fuji, and Echizen are allowed to leave to play their matches. Tezuka and Fuji win their matches easily. Upon seeing Ryoma\'s performance, Ryoga decides to betray Sakurafubuki in order to play a match against his brother to see who\'s the better player. Meanwhile, the rest of the team escape from the room where the chef held them hostage , and then are forced to engage in a rather humorous run from the corrupt crew members. In the end, they are recaptured and bound by Sakurafubuki, who holds them at gunpoint. Ryoma realizes that his teammates\' lives are going to be at risk if he continues to play against his brother. Fortunately, Ryoga decides that he will not be Sakurafubuki\'s pawn any longer, and fires a tennis ball straight into his forehead. This allows the rest of the team to escape once again. As Ryoma and Ryoga\'s match continues, a terrible storm brews, forcing everyone on the ship to evacuate through the lifeboats. Seigaku keeps order throughout the panic and helps the passengers, although Momoshiro and Eiji end up falling overboard. The Echizen brothers, however, keep playing their match, even as an enormous tidal wave descends upon the cruise ship. They seem unfazed as they play their match underwater. In the end, Ryoma comes out as the victor when the ball drops onto Ryoga\'s side of the net, despite that the net is gone and a large light has crashed across the court. Ryoga accepts his defeat and remarks that Ryoma\'s tennis certainly has improved. The two escape via Ryoga\'s jet ski, and Ryoma is reunited with his team, who have all escaped the ship unharmed. Ryoga takes Ryoma\'s hat and gives him an orange and tells him to find his "Grand Dream". After that, he rides his jet ski into the sunset. Atobe Keigo then arrives at the scene and witnesses Sakurafubuki being arrested. In an earlier phone conversation with Oshitari Yuushi, who also appeared along Gakuto Mukahi, Atobe remarked that he did not know Sakurafubuki and suspected that Seigaku was involved in a scam.'] ['The story is of a girl named Haru, a quiet, shy and unassuming high school student who has a suppressed ability to talk with cats. One day, she saves a darkly-colored, odd-eyed cat from being hit by a truck on a busy road. The cat is Lune, Prince of the Cat Kingdom. As thanks, the cats give Haru gifts of catnip and mice, and she is offered the Prince\'s hand in marriage. Her mixed reply is taken as a yes. Wanting none of this, Haru hears a kind, female voice, which tells her to seek the Cat Bureau. Haru meets Muta, a large white cat the voice told her to seek for directions, who leads her there to meet the Baron (the same Baron from [[Whisper of the Heart , who is a cat figurine given life by the work of his artist, and Toto, a stone raven who comes to life much like the Baron. Soon after meeting them, Haru and Muta are forcefully taken to the Cat Kingdom, leaving Toto and the Baron in the human world to follow the group from the air. The Baron and his crow friend find the entrance to the Cat Kingdom on Earth: Five lakes forming a cat\'s paw. Haru is conducted to a feast at the castle of the Cat Kingdom and she begins to slowly turn into a cat with tan paws, ears and whiskers, though still mainly human, so that she will make a suitable bride for the Prince. At the feast, the Baron  dances with Haru as part of the entertainment, and reveals to her that the more she loses herself in the kingdom, the more cat-like she will become, and that she has to discover her true self. When the Baron is discovered and is forced to fight the guards, he and Haru are helped by Yuki, a white female cat who works as a servant in the palace and who had tried to warn Haru to leave the Cat Kingdom before she was taken to the castle. Yuki shows them an escape leading to a tunnel. Haru, the Baron, and Muta\'s escape moves them through a maze to a tower, which contains a portal to Haru\'s world. The King goes through a series of efforts to keep them in the Cat Kingdom long enough for Haru to remain trapped in the form of a cat and have her as his daughter-in-law. Lune and his guards return to the Cat Kingdom to reveal the King was not acting on his behalf and has no desire to marry Haru; he has instead planned on proposing to Yuki. Muta is revealed to be a notorious criminal in the Kingdom , and Yuki as being the strange voice who had advised Haru to go to the Cat Bureau. In her childhood, Haru had saved Yuki from starvation by giving her the fish crackers she was eating, and Yuki has now repaid her kindness. Eventually, the Baron, Haru and Muta escape the Cat Realm, with the aid of Prince Lune and Toto, and Haru discovers her true self and tells the Baron how she has come to like him. He tells her "Just for the record, I admire a young woman who speaks from the heart." and that the doors of the Cat Bureau will be open for her again. Haru returns to the human world with more confidence in herself; after learning that her former crush has broken up with his girlfriend, she simply replies "it doesn\'t matter anymore."'] ["This anime film tells the story of the god Susano'o , whose mother Izanami has died. He is deeply hurt by the loss of his mother but his father Izanagi tells him that his mother is now in heaven. Despite Izanagi's warnings, Susano'o eventually sets off to find her. Along with his companions, Akahana  and Titan Bō , Susano'o overcomes all obstacles in his long voyage. He eventually comes to the Izumo Province, where he meets Princess Kushinada, a little girl whom he becomes friends with . Kushinada's family tells Susano'o that their other seven daughters were sacrificed to the fearsome eight-headed serpent, the Yamata no Orochi. Susano'o is so infatuated with Kushinada that he decides to help her family protect her and slay the Orochi once and for all and he, Akahana and Bō prepare for the showdown."] ["Aldin , a simple traveling water seller, falls in love with Miriam, a beautiful slave on auction. Havahslakum, spoiled son of the chief of police, buys her. Before he can take her home, a sand storm interrupts the auction. Aldin uses the opportunity to steal away the slave woman, rescuing her from slavery. They hide from pursuing guards in a seemingly empty mansion. They make love there, and are secretly watched by the master of the mansion, Suleiman. Suleiman traps them and commands them to continue. Havahslakum and his guards invade the mansion & find them. He takes Miriam. Badli, right hand of the chief of police, murders Suleiman. Aldin is sent to prison by mistake for the murder of Suleiman. There, Aldin is tortured. One year later, a heartbroken Miriam dies in childbirth. After a time, Aldin is set free. He meets Badli in the desert, and threatens to kill him, but shows him mercy and lets him leave. Aldin finds the cave of Kamhakim and the 40 thieves. Aldin follows a thief inside. The thieves are asleep, and Aldin begins stealing their treasure. Madhya, a young female thief, awakens and threatens to kill Aldin. Aldin convinces her to see the world with him. The two fly away on a magic wooden horse. While they are over the ocean, living hair pulls them down. They swim to the nearby island, inhabited by beautiful amazons. Their queen/goddess invites the two to stay, but the thief girl doesn't trust the amazons. She flies away on the magic horse. Aldin makes love to the amazons. The queen forbids Aldin from following her to her house in the woods at night. Aldin follows her and is horrified to see her change into a large white serpent. All the amazons change likewise and chase Aldin off the island. Aldin is later picked up by sailors. They land on an island inhabited by a giant who eats much of the crew. Aldin finds a magic talking wishing ship that will take him anywhere and give him almost anything he wants. Over the years, Aldin uses the ship to become as wealthy as a king. Aldin enters a competition in Baghdad, the winner of which will becomes king. He wins the competition by tricking his opponent onto his magic ship, and by commanding the ship to take him to the end of the world. He wants a girl who looks like Miriam. She is Jalis, the daughter of Miriam. As king, he tries to force her to marry him, but she loves Aslana. Aldin commands the people to build a tower to Heaven. The people hate him and revolt, led by the Aldin's second in command. Not prepared for the pressures of kingship, Aldin gives up the throne to travel the world as a poor man again, for he now sees the value of freedom."] ['Long ago, the Great Mother Spirit created demons, guardians, and humans. During 2089, only a few demons and guardians remain and in the city of Neo-Shinjuku,.The guardian Tsunami Shijo an ancient fire manipulator from days long ago to aid a fledgling human race. Tsunami is looking for a human who was transformed into a monster by drugs. This leads him to Mr. Takaiya, the Demon leader, who killed his lover. Tsunami becomes involved with a woman who just lost her fiancé and her arm, and now wants to figure out why this has happened. Meanwhile, the Demon leader is still alive and plotting to enslave mankind. Will Tsunami defend Earth once again, or be corrupted as two other guardians have been by the Demon leader?'] ['A mysterious group of ninja called the Sora from the Sky Country makes a surprise attack on Konoha for vengeance due to Konoha nearly destroying the Sky Country during the last Shinobi World War. At the same time Naruto, Sakura, and Hinata are sent along to help a boy\'s village. They accompany Amaru, the boy, and Shinnō, his sensei, back to the village. Later Naruto notices that Amaru is in fact a female due to her falling into the water for her scapel. Meanwhile at Konoha, the Sora-nin retreat with their dwindling chakra supply. Tsunade sends another special team consisting of Kakashi, Shikamaru, Sai and Shino to look for their base and later on as the movie progresses Sai and Shino successfully destroy the ships which the sky ninja are stationed and thus leaving Konoha  victorious. At Orochimaru\'s lair, Orochimaru is now ill because the body transfer jutsu he uses is close to expiration. Orochimaru orders Sasuke to get a man who is able to help him perfect his reincarnation jutsu. Naruto and company reach Amaru\'s village and finds the village in ruins and its inhabitants missing. Amaru triggers a trap while searching for the villagers but Shinnō protects her and dies in the process. After Amaru comes to her senses they continue to look for villagers. Later on Hinata becomes separated from Sakura and Naruto. Naruto and Sakura later find themselves in front of an evil monster called Zero Tails, a being that feeds on the darkness of human souls and had somehow possessed Amaru. Sakura proves to be no match for the beast; the creature senses that Naruto has a huge dark energy/power inside of him so it taunts Naruto and tries to make him use that power causing him to take on the Nine Tailed Fox chakra and, eventually, goes into four-tails state. The present Sakura gave Naruto from Jiraiya contained a seal, which suppressed the Nine Tailed Fox chakra, allowing Naruto to take over. Naruto tells Amaru to ignore the darkness in her heart which finally results in the beast getting defeated. Eventually they decided to separate; Naruto going on to look for the villagers and Hinata with Sakura returning to Konoha for help. Amaru, who was supposed to go with Sakura stays to help Naruto. Immediately, the ruins rise from the ground to reveal Ancor Vantian, a floating fortress. They decide to search in some ruins and find Shinnō alive. Amaru, excited that her sensei is alive runs to hug him, but Naruto notices something is not right and Shinnō laughs at Amaru for trusting him. Shinnō mentions that he\'s been researching the power of darkness for about 15 years and he\'s finally found it in Konoha, a secret scroll. He then transforms into a powered-up form and fights with Naruto, overwhelming Naruto with his Revival technique. Amaru reminisces about her past. When she was small, she suffered from a strange illness. No one tried to help her, fearing that they would be infected. Only Shinnō cared for her and managed to cure her. She admits her love to Shinnō, distracting him, allowing Naruto to land an attack. Naruto prepares to finish Shinnō off with Rasengan when Sasuke appears and intervenes Naruto\'s attack with Chidori. Sasuke tells Shinnō that Orochimaru needed help with the reincarnation jutsu. At first Shinnō refuses to cooperate and tries to defeat Sasuke until he collapses and all his power and muscle drain away. Sasuke reveals that he had attacked Shinno minutes earlier with Chidori Senbon at his vital chakra points to cut off his chakra flow. Shinnō gives Sasuke the scroll to perfect the reincarnation jutsu and leaves via a trap door. Sasuke leaves and is pursued by Naruto and end up in a room with a giant cocoon which is absorbing dark chakra. Shinnō reveals the cocoon to be Zero Tails. He then fuses with the cocoon and transforms into a monster. Shinnō captures them and starts to absorb their chakra; Sasuke releases the curse seal and Naruto releases the Nine Tailed Fox chakra, overloading him and freeing them from his grasp. Then they defeat him. Shinnō reveals that now Reibi is now unleashed, whose energy starts to overtake the fortress. In the meantime Konoha successfully infiltrates and destroys the Sora-ninja\'s base. Amaru finds the villagers and Hinata in a cell and frees them all. Naruto appears again and orders Amaru to leave the ruins while he remains there to destroy it. Amaru refuses but is forced to leave by Sasuke. Naruto thanks Sasuke before using Rasengan to send Sasuke away also, saying a silent goodbye. Naruto then proceeds destroying the ruins sending him in a freefall. Amaru, from a distance sees Naruto and grabs a pair of sora-ninja wings and tries to save him. Upon reaching him, she grabs him and they fall together. Jiraiya suddenly appears out with Gamabunta and catches the two, saving them. Sasuke returns and gives Orochimaru the scroll. Sasuke later thinks of Naruto\'s goodbye to him: "I will definitely bring you back to Konoha, Sasuke".'] ['The story begins on August 4, 1945, in Hiroshima with the everyday life of Gen, his younger brother Shinji, their father Daikichi, elder sister Eiko, and pregnant mother Kimie, during the final days of World War II. The beginning of the plot mainly focuses on the Nakaoka family\'s struggle to survive as shortages of food and other items continue to worsen throughout Japan. Like the other residents, the family wonders why Hiroshima has so far suffered only minor damage; since massive fleets of American B-29 Superfortress bombers have already devastated nearly all of Japan\'s other major cities. Gen and Shinji try and help their family by working tirelessly in the family\'s wheat field, or attempting to find food to feed their pregnant mother Kimie, who has grown ill from malnutrition. When a neighbor tells them Carps blood helps people with malnutrition get better, they set out to get a carp...from an old man\'s pond. When the boys get caught stealing the fish, the old man hits Gen. Gen tells the man he can hit him all he wants if the old man lets them keep the carp, and Shinji says the old man can hit him, too. When the old man asks why they want the carp so bad, they explain that their mother needs it or she might die. The old man, who is impressed by their efforts, allows them to keep the carp for their mother. On the night of August 5, the family is awakened by an air raid and take refuge in their bomb shelter, though, after some time, it is clear this is yet another false alarm. During the ordeal, Gen\'s father Daikichi again questions why American aircraft are constantly flying over Hiroshima without dropping any bombs, and expresses his fear that Hiroshima is being saved for some special purpose. The next morning, Shinji shows his Father a wooden boat Gen made for him, and tells his Father that Gen promised to take him to the river to set it afloat after he returns from school. Gen leaves his home around 7:40 in the morning. Upon reaching his school, Gen takes notice of a single passing B-29 aircraft passing far overhead, and discusses with a female friend that no alarms are being sounded because a single plane cannot possibly pose any significant threat. As this occurs, his father, sister, and brother watch and discuss as an army of ants enters their home in large numbers, while his mother hangs clothes on a clothesline on a second-floor balcony of the house. Gen, who is tossing a pebble up and down, drops it and bends over to pick it up. Suddenly, the town is blinded by a white flash. Gen\'s friend get burned, people\'s eyes fall out of their heads as people burn up. Gen\'s father, sister and brother are buried by their collapsing home, and Gen\'s mother falls from the balcony. Gen is protected from the direct blast because he was bent down on the other side of a stone wall, but does get blown back and buried under some rubble. Several explicit and dramatic scenes throughout Hiroshima show the effects of the explosion, as buildings are destroyed and people are literally evaporated. After the explosion scene ends, a long sequence documenting the immediate horrors of the bomb begins: including the death of his friend, his horror at the enormous destruction of the city surrounding him, and the sight of deformed and extremely burned people wandering the streets. Gen wonders out loud if they are ghosts, since it is hard to tell if they are dead or alive. Gen\'s mother has survived with only minimal injuries, but Gen\'s father, sister and little brother are trapped under the ruins of the house. Despite their efforts, Gen and his mother cannot rescue them, and as the fires approach, Gen\'s father orders them to escape, while telling Gen that he must now protect his mother and her unborn child. As Gen drags his mother away, the two watch helplessly as the family home is consumed by fire, and are forced to listen to the screams of their family members as they slowly burn to death. This causes Gen\'s Mother\'s mind to snap momentarily and she begins to laugh in a fit of hysterics. Soon after, Gen and his mother are taken to a safer area by a neighbor, where his mother gives premature birth to a baby girl. Gen leaves to find items and a midwife but is unable to and aids in the birth himself. He notes that his little brother was wrong about what the baby\'s gender would be, and screams  that "She\'s the most beautiful baby girl in the world and you don\'t even get to see her!" He then leaves his mother and newborn sister in search of food or help but is unable to find anyone or anything as everyone is injured or dead and everything is destroyed or on fire. Later that night, Gen is unable to sleep due to the wailing of burned survivors nearby. He and his mother decide to get up and give the people water, as they are clamoring out of thirst, only to discover that they die soon after drinking it and so stop handing the water out, as thirst was the only instinct keeping them alive. By August 8, Gen finds that soldiers have entered the city and are distributing rice, but gets there too late, only to find them collecting corpses and burning the dead. He finds a fireman\'s hat which becomes a signature part of his character. He is later horrified to find a soldier shivering from cold in the intense summer heat, losing his hair, defecating blood, and vomiting blood. He takes the soldier to the Red Cross hospital only to find out that he is being left for dead by the doctors there, as his unknown sickness cannot be cured. Simultaneously, his mother attempts to find milk for the baby as her breasts have run dry, and clamors to find a feeding mother to give her some, only to find a baby attempting to nurse from his mother\'s corpse. Another woman then attacks her and attempts to kill the baby, but quickly changes her mind, pointing out her baby has died and she has reacted out of despair. In her change of heart, she breastfeeds Kimie\'s baby. After several days of wandering around for food, Gen finds a ration storehouse containing rice, only to find that most of it has been seared by the heat of the blast. After digging through and onto the lower bags in the stack, he then finds that some have not been seared and takes them to his mother to eat along with some fresh vegetables. Gen and his mother then decide to name the baby Tomoko, meaning friend Like many Japanese names, Tomoko  can be written using different kanji characters, and have several meanings, including "friendly child," "knowing child," "wise child," or "beautiful girl." as Gen hopes she will be surrounded by many friends all her life, and the two remark on the growing number of pyres being burned with the dead by soldiers. Gen and his mother then take refuge in a makeshift shack, and on August 16, dig up the skulls of their dead family members from the ruins of the former home. As they do so, a passing family informs them that the war has ended, as Japan has surrendered unconditionally to the Allied powers. Gen and his mother respond angrily; his mother furiously stating that peace has come too late, and lamenting that had their leaders ended the war just a few days earlier, Hiroshima would not have been destroyed. Soon after, Gen discovers his hair has started to fall out, and remembering the stricken soldier, panics, only to be reassured by his mother. In the shack, Gen  and his mother eat as little of the rationed rice as possible in an attempt to save it while the baby sleeps, when a small boy, Ryuta, attempts to steal the rice. Gen stops him and brings him back only to be shocked by his physical resemblance to his younger brother Shinji. After speaking with the boy and feeding him, Gen and his mother learn he is orphaned and decide to keep him with them, Gen\'s mother stating that she would wish for someone to look after Shinji in a similar situation. The boy begins to cry, Soon after, Gen is cheered up by Ryuta who has come to call him older brother, something which makes Gen feel proud and gives him a strong connection to his new friend. The following day, Gen and Ryuta head out to find food as their sister is suffering from malnutrition due to lack of milk, and are picked up by a man from out of town who takes them to tend for his sick brother, another bomb survivor, for 10 Yen per day. The two accept and find the man they will take care of is crude, rotting, and angry, his family rejecting him and his attitude. Despite his harshness, Gen and Ryuta decide to stay and take care of him regardless. At one point they decide that the money\'s not worth it, and slap him and call him a spoiled brat, but just as they are about to leave, the man begs them to come back, and even asks them to hit him again. The man explains to the confused boys that he never gets human contact and the only company he gets are the boys who are paid to take care of him, who usually end up leaving. The two boys were the only ones who treated him like more than a rotting corpse. Feeling sorry for him, Gen tells Ryuta to tell his mother where they are, and stays with the man. Gen even spends the night with him, inspiring him to paint once again. Due to their commitment where others hired to care for him gave up or failed, the man\'s brother pays them 100 Yen, and the boys head out to find milk quickly, in hopes of bringing it back to feed Gen\'s sister. Unfortunately, they arrive with the milk too late, as Tomoko has already died of malnutrition. Her body is then burned in a pyre, and Gen cries out to his father for guidance. Despite hearing that no grass would grow in Hiroshima for seventy years, Gen and Ryuta find that the wheat is starting to grow, and Gen is excited to discover his hair is also growing back. Gen remembers how his Father told them no matter how much wheat is beaten down, it always grows back, and that his sons should be like the wheat. In his new found optimism, Gen remembers the promise he made to Shinji of taking him to the river after school, and so, he builds a new wooden boat, placing a candle on to the top. Two weeks after the bomb, Gen takes Ryuta and his mother to the river, where they light the candle and release the boat, together they watch the flame in the sunset, a symbol meant to express that beyond all the terrible events and experiences of the war, lies the hope for a brighter future.'] [' {{Main}} About six months after the DigiDestined departed from the Digital World, Izzy discovers a virus infected Digi-Egg on the internet and rushes over to Tai\'s apartment to inform him about the newly-hatched Digimon, Kuramon. Tai and Izzy monitor him, horrified as Kuramon rapidly digivolves to its Rookie level, Keramon, all the while consuming large amounts of computer data until Gennai appears in a transmission from the Digital World, warning them about the dangers of his growth. He dispatches Agumon and Tentomon to stop the corrupted Digimon. Keramon digivolves into Infermon, and easily defeats the Champion and Ultimate forms of Tentomon and Agumon, revealing that Keramon completely skipped over his Champion form and digivolved straight to his Ultimate level. Tai furiously tries to alert the rest of the DigiDestined, but succeeds enlisting only the help of brothers Matt and T.K. Agumon and Gabumon Warp Digivolve to WarGreymon and MetalGarurumon, prompting Infermon to Digivolve into Diaboromon, but they slow down and are severely beaten because of the massive amount of e-mails being sent to Tai and Izzy from people around the world who are watching the battle from their computers. Diaboromon begins to duplicate himself and sets up a timer for 10 minutes as he forces the Pentagon to launch two nuclear missiles: one headed for Colorado, the other for the Tai\'s own neighborhood in Odaiba, Tokyo. Unable to accept defeat and because their bond with their Digimon is so strong, Tai and Matt become digital and enter their computers to revive their Digimon. WarGreymon and MetalGarurumon gain the ability to DNA Digivolve to Omnimon, who easily defeats all but the original Diaboromon. At one minute to go, Diaboromon is still too fast for them to hit, but Izzy forwards him the massive amount of e-mails to slow him down. At the very last second, Omnimon impales Diaboromon through the head, disabling the missiles and killing him. Unfortunately, the virus tracks down Willis and infects Kokomon.  {{Main}} While visiting Mimi in New York, T.K. and Kari witness a battle between Willis, Terriermon, and Wendigomon, Kokomon\'s corrupted Champion form . Wendigomon cryptically insists for Willis to "go back", to which he interprets as returning to Colorado. Kari, believing him to be in danger, e-mails Davis Motomiya and the other Digidestined for help in hopes of assembling in Colorado. Unfortunately, T.K. and Kari\'s train becomes derailed by Wendigomon on the way and they are unable to meet with the others. Meanwhile, after taking planes and taxis, Davis, Yolei Inoue, and Cody Hida meet Willis in a truck. When Willis tries to get their group transportation to his house, the ride leaves without him and Davis; however, Davis devises a plan to get themselves to Colorado faster with the help of Raidramon. At the rendez-vous point, Davis, Yolei, and Cody began to question Willis\' knowledge about Wendigomon. Hesitantly, Willis reveals that he, as a child, tried to create a digi-egg after experiencing the joys of having his twin Digimon . However, a virus attacked the egg which mutated into Diaboromon. After the original Digidestined defeated Diaboromon, the virus tracked down Willis and infected Kokomon. Willis assumes full responsibility for the situation. However, Davis and Terriermon convince him to let them help, as they are friends and are on the same team. At Willis\'s home the next morning, Wendigomon expectedly reappears, but Digivolves to Antylamon and easily defeats the DigiDestined. Once digivolved into Cherubimon, he proceeds to eat their Digimon, but T.K. and Kari arrive at the nick of time to provide back-up with Angemon and Angewomon. Angry, Cherubimon de-Digivolves the Digimon then de-ages the Digidestined, revealing that he wanted Willis to "go back" in time to when the virus first attacked him. To combat him, Angewomon and Angemon Digivolve to their Mega forms, Magnadramon and Seraphimon, to release two Golden Digi-Eggs for Willis and Davis. Veemon and Terriermon Golden Armor Digivolve to Magnamon and Rapidmon and allow themselves to be swallowed by Cherubimon. Inside, they see a manifestation of Wendigomon\'s true self, who begs them to destroy the virus. After doing so, Cherubimon is purified, but succumbs to his injuries and dies. After saying goodbye to his new friends, Willis and Terriermon walk back home to find Kokomon\'s Digi-egg on the beach.'] ['In the film, Frieza\'s older brother Cooler is introduced. It begins with a flashback to when Frieza destroyed the Saiyan home world, Planet Vegeta. Cooler\'s ship soon picks up a Saiyan space pod on the radar. The pod, carrying a baby Saiyan named Kakarot, is shown to be heading towards Earth, but Cooler\'s henchmen believe it is an escape. Cooler lets the ship go, accounting that it\'s Frieza\'s naïveté, and responsibility. More than twenty years later, Kakarot, eventually renamed Goku, transforms into a Super Saiyan and defeats Frieza on Planet Namek. Despite showing no compassion towards his brother, Cooler takes his Armored Squadron - Doore, Neiz, and Salza to Earth with the intention of killing Goku in order to reclaim his family\'s honor. His forces ambush Goku and his friends on a camping trip, and Goku is wounded when he takes a blast from Cooler that was intended for Gohan. After Krillin sets up a shelter in a cave with Goku, Gohan flies off to obtain Senzu beans from Korin. After obtaining the beans, he is ambushed by Cooler\'s henchmen, but is saved by Piccolo. Piccolo dispatches Doore and Neiz, and takes on Salza, easily gaining the upper hand. During the battle, Cooler arrives and catches Piccolo off-guard with a Death Beam, which impales him through the chest but does not kill him. Cooler then sends Salza after Gohan as he continues to blast Piccolo. Gohan gets to the cave with the Senzu beans, but they are destroyed by Salza. However, he heals Goku with a spare bean that Yajirobe gave him earlier. After Krillin and Gohan are beaten down by Salza, Goku appears fully healed. Cooler shows up, holding onto an unconscious Piccolo. He then blasts Piccolo\'s body with an unexpected attack as Goku watches in horror. Goku blasts Salza into the distance, and begins to fight Cooler. After Goku proves to be a worthy opponent, Cooler tells of his bleak history with Frieza. He then reveals his final transformation, one that Frieza never showed or achieved, and this one is far more powerful than Frieza\'s final form. Now at full power, Cooler pummels Goku around effortlessly, despite Goku using the Kaioken attack numerous times. Cooler then proceeds to destroy the landscape. However, after seeing a bird die from wounds inflicted by damage caused during the struggle, Goku thinks back on his friends and family, and how they all will be killed if Cooler wins. He then picks up the dead bird, letting out a yell so powerful it cracks solid stone. Goku then transforms into his Super Saiyan form, and gives enough of his energy to revive the bird. Cooler then finds himself, like Frieza was, grossly outclassed. After attempting to punch and blast the Super Saiyan with no effect, Cooler summons a trump card when he powers up an enormous ball of energy. Cooler launches the attack with hopes to destroy Goku and the Earth along with him. After a stint of struggling, Goku eventually manages to send it back with the Kamehameha wave, forcing Cooler off the Earth, towards the sun. As he hits the sun\'s surface, Cooler finally realizes that Goku was none other than the baby Saiyan within the escape pod that he ignored back during Frieza\'s attack on Planet Vegeta. Lamenting his own naïveté, Cooler\'s body is then seemingly disintegrated by the sun. Goku, drained after his battle, is found by Krillin and Gohan. They are looking for Piccolo when Salza reappears and prepares to kill them all. However, before he can attack, he is killed by Piccolo\'s "Special Beam Cannon" from a distance. Gohan looks around for Piccolo, and the movie ends with Piccolo, having recovered, gazing skyward.'] ['The film opens with Jack “Jackie” Walker, a Pokémon ranger undercover, infiltrating Phantom the Pirate’s ship and retrieving a special Pokémon egg to prevent Phantom’s selfish desires. Jackie manages to escape with the help of a Mantine, a water/flying type Pokémon. Sometime later Ash Ketchum along with his Pikachu, Brock, May, and her younger brother Max stumble upon the Marina Group, a traveling family circus consisted of water and psychic-type Pokémon. They meet Elizabeth, the star and daughter of Kyle and Meredith, performers and Kyle’s father Chip, the conductor. They kindly take in Ash and the others who are suffering from dehydration in the wasteland. After a performance at a nearby town, May discovers the same egg shown earlier in the film by the Marina Group’s pet Buizel, a water-type Pokémon. A clown apparently traveling with the group takes away the egg and hands it to Elizabeth. That night, May has a dream with her encountering a temple under the sea and a mysterious Pokémon. That morning she explains it to everyone and it turns out that Marina Group have all had that dream and tell the others about a group of people called the People of the Water, stating that they are in relation with them. Meanwhile, Team Rocket; Jessie, James and Meowth raid the Marina Group’s trailer for the egg and attempt to hand it over to Phantom. They fail when the Marina Group’s clown reveals himself as Jack Walker who captures a Fearow to retrieve it. Jackie explains that the egg belongs to a legendary water-type Pokémon called Manaphy and that his mission is to deliver it to Samiya, the sea temple. Shortly, Phantom and his goons arrive to steal the egg. After a brief struggle, the egg hatches in May’s arms revealing Manaphy. After escaping Phantom, the group arrive at a series of ruins where Kyle uses a bracelet referred as the People of the Water’s mark to open a secret water route leading to a chamber that displays a legend about Samiya. Ash and the others learn that Samiya can blend in with the water and only appears during a rare lunar eclipse. Jackie mentions that they must protect Manaphy from Phantom or else Phantom will find and steal Samiya’s treasure, the sea crown. Leaving through a grotto, Jackie informs Ash and the others that they can’t participate in his mission. On the mean time, Phantom encounters Team Rocket who hires them as a reward for leading him to Manaphy. Phantom decides to follow the group toward the temple. Jackie, Manaphy and the Marina Group depart on Chip’s boat, the Blue Lagoon to Samiya however Manaphy throws a tantrum noticing May isn’t with it. It uses it ability, Heart Swap to link Jackie to Ash, switching bodies. Ash and the others are welcome aboard on the mission, however Jackie feel concerned over May and Manaphy’s developing relationship. Manaphy, choosing its path individually, leads the Blue Lagoon to Samiya’s location. During their journey, Jackie reveals to Ash that he wanted to become Pokémon ranger after a group of migrating Pokémon saved his life in the mountains as a child. Jackie shortly believes that May’s motherly affection toward Manaphy was effecting his mission and so on May starts to avoid overlay contacting with Manaphy, much to her dismay. That night, Elizabeth hands May her bracelet insisting that she should wear it. The next day, May’s bandana is pushed into the sea by wind and Manaphy sets out out retrieve it. In a submarine, Elizabeth, Ash, Pikachu, Brock, May and Max set out to find Manaphy, which they do however they get caught in a riptide. They arrive at Samiya during the lunar eclipse, unaware that Phantom has been following them. Phantom encounters the group in Samiya and opens the door to the sea crown. He removes a jewel from the sea crown, triggering the temple to flood and sink. Jackie arrives and faces off with Phantom, outsmarting him returning most of the jewels but one. Before evacuating, Manaphy attempts save the temple with Ash and May behind it. Elizabeth, Brock and Max are forced to leave the temple. Ash and May reach the sea crown and piece the jewels back on the crown but realize there is one left. The temple begins to flood halfway, Jackie and Phantom escape Samiya, and Team Rocket that stowed away in Phantom’s submarine are carried off by a current into the sea. Ash finds the last jewel and a large capsule that was a part of Phantom’s submarine. He puts May, Manaphy and Pikachu in the capsule and attempts to the return the jewel, nearly drowning in the process. He manages to save Samiya just after it floods completely and the temple rises to the surface. Phantom shows up and snatches Manaphy. Although they believed Ash had died, Ash appears inside a beam of golden light spawned from the crown and takes back Manaphy. Phantom’s ship intervenes and several ocean Pokémon including Kyogre, a water-type legendary Pokémon retaliate under Manaphy’s orders. Phantom is defeated revealing his abnormal strength to be powered by a mecha suit, Jackie’s mission is complete. At dusk, everyone watches as Samiya returns to the depths and May and Manaphy share one last tearful hug before going their separate ways. During the credits, Phantom and his second-in-command Galen is detained and Ash, Pikachu, Brock, May and Max depart from the Marina Group. Jackie is seen on patrol capturing the legendary electric/flying-type Zapdos. Team Rocket have been swallowed by a Wailord and are shot out of its blowhole and it appears Samiya is now at peace with Manaphy present. Ash and the others continue their journey as the film closes.'] [' Major Motoko Kusanagi, a female cyborg and leader of Section 9\'s assault team, is assigned to capture an elusive hacker known as "The Puppet Master." Her team, Batou and Ishikawa, triangulates his activity to a garbage truck route, where a garbageman, who believes he is going through a divorce, thinks he is using a program he got from a sympathetic man in a bar to illegally ghost-hack his wife\'s mind and find his daughter. They arrest both men but they were also ghost hacked by the Puppet Master, who remains at large. Soon after, a hacker triggers the assembly of a female cybernetic body at Megatech, who also supplies the cybernetic shells for Section 9, and the cyborg escapes into the city where it is struck by a truck. Section 9 gets the body to investigate, and they find that although the body is completely robotic and has no human brain cells, there seems to be the ghost of a human spirit within it...perhaps the Puppet Master himself. Kusanagi wants to \'dive in\' to the body and contact the ghost, but before she can discover the truth, Section 9 is ambushed by Section 6, and the cyborg gets away. They uncover a mysterious Project 2501, which was initiated before the appearance of the Puppet Master, although some officials claim that the project was created in order to capture the elusive hacker. Daisuke Aramaki, the head of Section 9, hints to Ishikawa that Project 2501, and the Puppet Master, were tools of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and his escape might lead to the revelation of secrets that would embarrass Section 6 and the ministry. The getaway car carrying the Puppet Master meets up with another and they split off in different directions. Batou stops the original car, acting as a decoy, and Kusanagi follows the second one to an abandoned building. She goes in alone and is almost destroyed before Batou arrives with enough heavy weaponry to defeat the spider tank deployed to stop her. With Batou on guard Kusanagi is able to interface with the other cybernetic body and the Puppet Master introduces himself once again. He confirms that his consciousness evolved from Project 2501, a Section 6 program created to illegally hack ghosts for its own interests. But although he is sentient he is unable to reproduce or to die, unlike all other living organisms, and he asks Kusanagi to merge with him to create a new, single entity, allowing him to die and Kusanagi to live on with his ghost. Batou attempts to disconnect the dive, but The Puppet Master has also hacked him and prevents the disconnection. Helicopters from Section 6 approach the building with orders to destroy everyone inside to cover up Project 2501. The Puppet Master blocks their targeting systems but when he initiates the merger with Kusanagi red dots appear on both bodies and Batou cannot protect them. The heads of both bodies and Batou\'s arm are blown off. Kusanagi wakes at Batou\'s safehouse — in a child-sized cyborg body. Batou explains that her original shell was destroyed in the battle approximately 20 hours earlier; Nakamura is being questioned and the Foreign Minister resigned as a result of the debacle. The child-sized body was the best he could get on short notice on the black market. As she prepares to leave, she acknowledges that she is no longer Kusanagi nor is she the Puppet Master, but rather some combination of the two. Batou assures her he will always be there for her, and their code will be 2501. As she gazes out over the city , she ponders the endless possibilities the future could bring.'] ['In 2034, two years after the events of 2nd GIG, Major Motoko Kusanagi has left counter-terrorism task force Public Security Section 9. Togusa is leading a Section 9 field team to investigate several suicides by refugees from the Siak Republic. When they intercept {{nihongo}}, son of the exiled dictator {{nihongo}}, who has taken a hostage to ensure safe passage out of Japan, he claims that the {{nihongo}} is coming for him, and he shoots himself in the head. Chief Daisuke Aramaki asks Prime Minister Yoko Kayabuki for permission to arrest Ka Rum for more information, but Kayabuki declines, stating it would harm her political position. Aramaki orders the raid regardless and Section 9 discovers that Ka Rum has been dead for some time, having been assassinated and staged to look like a suicide, with the word "Puppeteer" written in his blood. Section 9 also discovers that the Siak refugees plan to release a micromachine virus in a terrorist retaliation for Ka Rum\'s death. Batou is sent to intercept {{nihongo}}, the Siak operative who has the micromachine virus, but he has an unexpected run-in with the Major who says that she is running a separate investigation. When they both find Ma Shaba, he believes that the Major is the Puppeteer and attacks both Kusanagi and Batou in a vehicle that he believes will protect him from cyberbrain attack, but he dies during the fight in an apparent cyberbrain hack. Kusanagi takes a case of virus ampules and warns Batou to stay away from the Solid State Society, before leaving. When Batou reports back to Section 9, he does not say that he saw the Major but says Ma Shaba attacked him without provocation. The Section 9 operatives develop a theory that the Puppeteer is a very powerful hacker who hacked into the Siak agents\' cyberbrains and forced them to commit suicide. Togusa also discovers that there are several kidnapped children in the facility, believing that the Siak agents were going to use them as vectors for the virus. While trying to discover their identities, they find that the children have had their cyberbrains replaced and their IDs reveal that they are the children of {{nihongo}}, elderly citizens who are hooked up to a health care monitoring network that takes care of their every need, leaving them effectively comatose. Further investigation of the children reveals government file discrepancies that show over 20,000 unreported child kidnappings. When a case of the micromachine virus ampules arrives at a government office, Section 9 believes that the Puppeteer is tipping them off to the kidnappings by infiltrating the Siak rebels, when it was the Major who left the ampules behind. When Proto and several Operators watching the children are hacked, and the children disappear. Due to the turn of events, Batou reveals he saw the Major and that he believes she is the Puppeteer. When Siak sniper {{nihongo}} is spotted in Japan, Batou and Saito are sent to keep him from causing an assassination, but are located before they can stop him. Saito manages to incapacitate Raj Puhto, and under Batou\'s questioning, he reveals he was tipped off by a mole in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs by the name of {{nihongo}} that his target was the man who ordered Ka Rum\'s assassination, until it is discovered that Munei, a highly nationalist member of the House of Representatives, was his target. Batou believes the Puppeteer orchestrated the events, and Raj Puhto says that he would kill the Puppeteer if he were human, claiming that the Puppeteer is a child abduction infrastructure in the {{nihongo}}, the root of the Noble Rot program. Batou believes Ka Rum\'s people were targeted because they made this discovery and planned to use the children for their terrorist plot. Elsewhere, Togusa tracks down one of the abducted children and discovers his parent, an elderly man in the Noble Rot program. When Togusa takes the child, the elderly man wakes up and demands the child be returned as he is his sole heir and does not want the government to have his assets upon his death, saying it is the will of the Solid State and Togusa will only become another suicide if the Solid State is interfered with. Shortly after, the man dies, and Togusa hands the child over to the authorities pointing out the paperwork discrepancy. However, he realizes that if he had not interfered, the boy would have been given to social services and adopted elsewhere when his Noble Rot adoptive parent died which was the ultimate plan of the Solid State. Togusa receives a call from his wife that their daughter is missing, which he initially believes to be an attempt by the Solid State to retaliate, but his daughter is not cyberized. After he discovers that it is a false alarm and she was at a friends house, he drives her off to school. On the way, he gets a call from the Puppeteer who says he is to be punished by losing his daughter and his cyberbrain is hacked over the phone. Togusa is forced to drive to a cyberbrain implant hospital, trailed by the Major and Batou, both independently. Togusa converses with the Puppeteer during the hacking, who reveals the members of the Solid State "only wish to utilize resources that have slipped through the net of society", and Togusa realizes that this is how all the kidnappings took place: the parents\' cyberbrains were hacked and forced them to have their kids cyberized, before both of their memories were wiped, resulting in kids sent to live with the Noble Rot Senior Citizens and parents who believe they lost their children. The Puppeteer allows Togusa to either allow his daughter to be abducted or commit suicide. Togusa chooses to kill himself just as Batou arrives, but the Major steps in to stop him and end the hacking. She reveals that she discovered the kidnappings on the net and she used Togusa as bait to unmask the Puppeteer: a rhizome formed by the collective consciousness of the Noble Rot Senior Citizens in a hub cyberbrain in the health care monitoring system. Using several Tachikoma AIs she managed to scrape from cyberspace, they discover the location of the hub cyberbrain: the {{nihongo}}. The Major rejoins Section 9 to help with the investigation, starting with Ito Munei who is indeed behind the assassination of General Ka Rum. She had a contract with the Treaties Bureau, an organization Munei has close connections with, to perform the assassination herself, but by the time she found him the Puppeteer had already killed Ka Rum. Munei also has control over the Seishomin Welfare Center that he and other politicians use as a front for a brainwashing facility to create an elite group of pure-blooded Japanese to take control of the country in the next generation and lead it into Munei\'s vision of a new Golden Age. However, the Solid State is also using the Welfare Center to house their kidnapped children, and Munei was targeted for assassination due to interfering in their plans. Analyzing the building, Section 9 discovers that it was set up to perfectly serve the Solid State\'s abduction infrastructure. They decide to infiltrate the building to catch the Puppeteer, despite the political consequences Section 9, with the Tachikomas in their physical bodies, infiltrate the building and the Chief confronts Munei who reveals that he used the profits from the Noble Rot program to fund his "education" program as they need to be used to profit the system, despite being exempt from taxes. When confronted about the Solid State\'s abduction system, Munei reveals he knows nothing and just thought the children were orphans. A designer named {{nihongo}} steps forward, claiming he developed the Solid State system shortly before shooting himself in the head. Kusanagi dives into his cyberbrain before the memories are lost and Koshiki explains that he was using the six million Noble Rot Senior Citizens to save abused children. Children in high risk homes were transferred to be children of Noble Rot Senior Citizens who willingly took care of the children, giving them purpose, and allowing them to pass on their assets to the children rather than the state upon their death. Munei interfered with the Solid State by brainwashing the children, eliminating the Solid State\'s goal of giving the children free will. However, the Major has fallen into the Puppeteer\'s trap, and he hacks into her cyberbrain. The Major calls him an "arrogant, self-righteous ass" and asks of his true identity, but the Puppeteer hacks her eyes to replace his face with those of Batou, Togusa, the Laughing Man, Kazundo Goda, the Chief, Hideo Kuze, and finally the Major herself. He reveals that he was spread across several egos until a collective consciousness emerged and developed into a Solid State, allowing him to move into the society beyond as the vanishing mediator. As the Seishomin building is emptied, Aramaki and Togusa discuss the future of the abducted children whose fates will be left in the hands of the justice system. As Kusanagi recovers at Section 9 from the hacking of the Puppeteer, Batou reveals that the real Tateaki Koshiki used a cybernetic body to work from his home because of his skill. When he was hired by Munei, he built the Solid State Society into the welfare system, but his physical body died soon after and had been dead for two years until someone discovered he died as he never interacted with anyone, but his cyber body continued to act under his control. Batou believes that either Koshiki uploaded his consciousness onto the Noble Rot network or their collective consciousness controlled his cyber body after his death, leaving the Puppeteer\'s identity a mystery. The Tachikoma did not keep a record of the conversation after Koshiki\'s death, believing that it had no further meaning, and Batou does not make it clear as to what he remembers, but claims that it is not important in the end as to who the Puppeteer was as the situations of the Noble Rot Senior Citizens and kidnapped children are being resolved.'] ["Chitose Fujinomiya, former heiress and currently an orphan, has been kicked out of her super elite school, Tokai no Gakuen , and shunned by her former friends. She is sent to a rural public school, Inaka no Chugakko , where even pigs, oxen and chickens are students. The only possession she has left is a pink goldfish named Gyopi, given to her by her beloved father, and very valuable. Her family's attorney attempts to steal Gyopi, but is foiled by Chitose's new schoolmates, namely Wapiko, a simple girl who can outrun almost anything and is well liked in school. As it turns out, Chitose isn't poor; the attorney was merely hiding her inheritance for himself. Instead of going back to the super rich school, she buys the rural school and attempts to transform it into a refined school to compete with that of her rival/former best friend. Hilarity ensues, as the students of the rural school don't want to be refined."] ['Kite revolves around a schoolgirl named Sawa who is orphaned in her early teens. Her parents are the victims of a gory double murder. This film opens when Sawa found a new home, but the man was yelling at the old lady and Sawa kills him. The detectives investigating the crime, Akai and Kanie, take her in as guardians. Akai begins a sexual relationship with Sawa, forcing her to become his sex slave for the duration of his guardianship. Akai also gives her a pair of crystal earrings, each one containing the blood of one of her parents. Sawa becomes an assassin after the corrupt detectives make her kill an alleged rapist of young girls. Subsequently over the years, she kills whomever she is ordered to, including corrupt police officers and corporate fat cats. Sawa\'s assassinations are famous among the police for her use of special bullets that explode inside the body after piercing the skin. Eventually, Sawa meets a fellow assassin named Oburi, who is of a similar age, and a bond quickly forms between them. Due to their relationship, Sawa slowly gains the emotional strength to escape from her guardians to set out on her own. Oburi is leaving Akai and Kanie\'s service after killing three more targets, but Akai orders Sawa to kill Oburi instead of letting him go. Realizing that Sawa has the drop on him, Oburi tells her that Akai and Kanie were the ones who murdered her parents, but Sawa reveals that she has known that for years. She lets Oburi live and goes to take out her next target. The bodyguards of this target nearly kill her in a struggle in the men\'s restroom. During it, she loses one of her earrings and sustains several minor injuries. When Oburi shows up alive, Kanie sends him after a corrupt district attorney, but the man is actually a SWAT officer, who nearly kills Oburi before Sawa arrives and saves him. Oburi confronts Akai and tells him that he and Sawa are both leaving, but Akai overpowers and savagely beats him. Sawa comes to Oburi\'s rescue again but is captured by Akai and Kanie. Akai appears to decide that just killing Oburi isn\'t enough, and after Akai says "Sawa, thank me", the screen cuts to black.  When Kanie drags Oburi off afterward, Akai tells Sawa he\'s impressed with the depth of her plan to kill Oburi, saying that he almost believed her act. He tells her where Kanie is going to kill Oburi and that he is looking forward to finding Oburi\'s body. Sawa then leaves, saying she has an exam the next day. The next morning, Akai arrives at a murder scene. He draws back the covering over the body and flinches when he sees it is Kanie. One of the crime scene investigators reminds him that the body\'s location is where a double murder occurred several years prior, when the parents of a teenage girl were killed. Akai then goes to where Kanie had been taking Oburi to confront him, but instead finds Sawa, who shoots him in the right hand and groin before emptying the magazines of both her and Oburi\'s guns into the rest of his body. She tosses both guns into the sewer, then removes her remaining earring and discards it as well. Before Oburi and Sawa can reunite, Oburi is shot by another presumed child assassin - perhaps coincidentally a girl whose basketball he had destroyed near the beginning of the movie in response to an insult - and most likely the assassin Akai was talking about after raping Sawa for the last time. The scene changes to Sawa at Oburi\'s loft in an abandoned building, waiting patiently for his return. There is the sound of a footstep and a creaking floorboard, and Sawa turns her head to look at the source of the noise before the screen goes black.'] ["The hero, Prince Siegfried, is out riding one day with his friends when he sees a swan with a crown on its head swimming on a lake. One of his friends tries to shoot the swan, but just before his arrow flies, the friend is turned to stone. Siegfried's other friend accuses the swan of practising witchcraft, neither of them pondering the presence of a very wicked-looking owl just behind them. Siegfried is unable to stop thinking about the swan, and decides to follow it as it swims away from its spot on the lake. Siegfried soon finds himself at a tower-like castle. Sigfried watches in surprise and amazement as the swan transforms into a beautiful girl. He approaches her - at first she is frightened for him and tries to get him to leave, but at his persistence she starts to tell him her story. Her name is Princess Odette, and three years prior she was kidnapped by the evil wizard Rothbart  who wanted her hand in marriage. He keeps her a swan by day so that no one will fall in love with her, as the only way Rothbart's power can be defeated is when a man loves her with all his heart and soul. Siegfried explains that he already felt something for her the moment he saw her eyes, and asks her to go to his birthday ball the next night, where he will choose her as his bride. Although at first she refuses, Sigfried is intent and won't take no for an answer. But he convinces her and when she returns to her cage-like room she daydreams of him. The entire story is being seen through the eyes of two squirrels who are watching them. Enter Rothbart. His daughter Odille tells him about Siegfried, and Rothbart goes to Odette to tell her to forget about the prince and consider marrying him. She rejects. Turns out she's been in love with Siegfried for the past three years. Of course Rothbart is not going to let Odette go to the ball, so he bars the door and lifts the drawbridge to her cage-home. He and his daughter then plot to get Odette to forget Siegfried by getting him to fall in love with someone else - Odille. Odille, in the guise of Odette, goes to the ball and wows Siegfried with her dancing. Sigfriend does feel that there's something wrong but can't quite put his finger on what it is. Meanwhile, Odette manages to escape from Rothbart's castle with the help of the squirrels and runs to Siegfried's castle. But just as Odette is about to storm into the ballroom, Rothbart  grabs her, holds her mouth shut and brings her closer where she is able to watch but not make a sound. Thus she watches in horror as Siegfried pledges his love to Odille and announces her as his wife-to-be. Overcome with sorrow, Odette faints into Rothbart's arms. Rothbarts laughter gets Siegfried's attention and the prince quickly realises his mistake. Odille reveals her true form and the three of them transform into their winged shapes and fly back to the castle. Siegfried follows on horseback, where the final showdown between villain and hero takes place."] ['{{main}} Long ago, Three Sovereigns descended from the heavens onto the land of Mirisha. According to legend, the Three Sovereigns used their powers to bring order to the land. One became the sun and bathed the world with its sunlight. One became the moon and healed the world with its moonlight. One became the sea and nurtured the world with its waters. It is foretold that a time of strife shall arrive. "When Mirisha is shrouded in darkness, the souls of the Three Sovereigns shall be entrusted to the Gundams. Only with guidance from the Gyokuji, shall they exorcise the land from darkness..." -Mirisha Legend, "G Chronicles"- That time of strife will be known as Sangokuden, and that time has come upon us.'] ["Set in March UC 0093, the film features the return of main antagonist Char Aznable, who has emerged after five years in hiding to lead the Neo-Zeon once more in the fight for independence from the Earth Federation. Still determined to make humankind fully colonize in space, he mobilizes Neo-Zeon forces to drop the asteroid 4th Luna on the Federation headquarters in Lhasa, Tibet. Under the guise of surrendering the entire Neo-Zeon forces, he plans to drop the Axis asteroid base on Earth as well. However, the Federation has assigned its own anti-insurgent task force, the Londo Bell, to take him down. Among the Londo Bell's members are One Year War veterans Bright Noa and Amuro Ray, whom Char wants to kill in revenge for the death of Lalah Sune. A major battle around Axis breaks out as the Londo Bell struggle to stop Char before the asteroid enters Earth's atmosphere. A Londo Bell demolitions team blows up Axis from the inside but one half is still on course to strike Earth, In the midst of the battle, Amuro catches Char and tries to push Axis from reentry, with Federation and Neo Zeon mobile suits coming to help. As the group tries to carry out the impossible, Amuro's RX-93 Nu Gundam resonates and creates a psyco-wave around the asteroid, pushing it away from Earth while shoving all the other mobile suits from the area. Both Federation and Neo-Zeon forces look on as Axis veers off from reentry."] ['Lupin searches for a gigantic hoard of hidden treasure originating in ancient Babylon, with the help of his usual team, a set of stone tablets, and a drunken old woman by the name of Rosetta. Complicating matters is Inspector Zenigata, who has been roped into judging the "Miss ICPO Beauty Contest" and must now drag a group of nominees around with him, all eager to prove themselves as agents.'] ['In the year 2009, Yuji Kaido is an average young adult male diagnosed with a serious disease  and is put into cryogenic stasis until a cure is found. Twenty-two years later, he is awakened in the midst of a raging battle between armored soldiers and insectoid beings called the "Blue" which have overrun the Earth. The group of soldiers are from an orbiting space colony collectively called Second Earth and were ordered to recover "sleepers" around the Earth. Among them is the soldier Marlene Angel, who at first appears to be heartless toward others. On the journey to the space colony, Second Earth,Yuji meets many of the humans that were left behind during the evacuation due to limited resources. Standing orders for Marlene and the other troops are to consider any human survivors on the surface to be already dead, which greatly troubles Yuji. On their journey all of the soldiers are killed, except for Marlene, causing Yuji to fall into a deep depression as he recognizes the destruction around him and his own inability to save those he cares about. During their travel to Baikonur space base through the mountains, Yuji and Marlene start to develop a bond that starts to soften her sharp edges. Eventually, in Russia, Yuji and Marlene come across another group of soldiers and devise a battle plan to get back to Second Earth. During the operation to escape to Second Earth, Marlene is the last remaining pilot and completely overrun by the Blue. Just when Marlene is about to self-detonate her Armor Shrike, Yuji arrives. Determined not to leave her behind he comes to her rescue with a team of supporters . Marlene is overwhelmed at Yuji\'s efforts to save her. This is a turning point for Marlene and her feelings for Yuji are quite clear for the rest of the series. During the shuttle flight to Second Earth, Marlene and Yuji expose their emotions for each other. Marlene and Yuji\'s scene is abruptly interrupted as a mutated Blue which hid in the shuttle attacks Yuji, critically injuring him. Upon arrival, Marlene and Yuji are separated, and Marlene is sent back into training at the education station. Not knowing what happened after he was attacked, Marlene rebels and is bent on finding Yuji. When she does, she finds he is healed and being trained to use a new specialized "sleeper"-specific Armor Shrike  called the "Double Edge", a battlesuit that is much stronger than the originals used in war against the Blue. It is discovered the illness that Yuji is afflicted with is the key to help destroying the Blue and taking back the planet. He, and other "Sleepers", have "B-cells" which are also the genetic make up of the Blue. After intensive training, Yuji and Marlene return to Earth with two other "Sleepers" named Tony Frost and Alicia Whistle. Tony is an inexperienced A.S pilot, but his B-cells are very adept, giving him great A.S skills. Alicia is only a young teenager with no combat experience and not much sense as to what is going on around her. They and the other forces of Second Earth battle the Blue. They become successful at destroying a few of the largest nests before they head back to Second Earth. However, the battles begin to have a negative effect on Yuji who gives very little regard for human life and is completely obsessed with being better than Tony at killing Blue. Yuji\'s actions deeply concern Marlene and she begins to know something is wrong. Shortly after returning to Second Earth, the High Council orders the "Sleepers" on a second offensive against the Blue. Marlene is separated from Yuji once again, but in his current state he does not seem to care. As the "Sleepers" are carrying out their mission, a battle on Second Earth between two factions is waged. Seno, the head of Second Earth\'s science division, leads the "Ark" rebellion taking control of the military, lunar resource, and education stations of Second Earth. The High Council escapes to and retains control of the medical station. During this time Marlene learns about the nature of the illness that put Yuji in stasis, the source of his abilities, and the source of the Blue Insectoids. They are a defense mechanism enacted by the Earth to purge the existence of humanity, and the B-cells that exist in the "Sleepers" could become a potential threat to humanity as well. After the "Ark" successfully takes over Second earth from the ignorant High Council, Marlene heads down to earth in search of Yuji. When she finds him his B-cells are already beginning to activate and he begins to go berserk as a killing machine. After struggling and fighting with him, Marlene is finally able to get through to Yuji and helps him overcome his madness by showing her human emotions and feelings for him . Meanwhile, Tony and an unknowing Alicia have also abandoned the remaining grounds forces. The troops fend off waves of Blue before escaping with the few remaining survivors. Tony and a now brainwashed Alicia also eventually return to Second Earth, but bring with them several Blue when they board the medical station. When Yuji and Marlene return to Second Earth, they find that Tony plans to ram the medical station into the military station, which would therefore destroy the heart of Second Earth. He sees this as the "Grand Will of the Earth", in which he will become a "messiah" and cleanse the planet of humanity forever. However, Yuji, Marlene, and a group of other soldiers infiltrate the station, and manage to free Alicia\'s mind after injuring her. Later, Yuji and Marlene confront and eliminate Tony, while Rick  is slaughtered by a Blue. Alicia ventures back to Tony to die with him as the military destroys the medical station. After the decision by Seno\'s junta to abandon Earth, Yuji becomes depressed and contemplates his existence, wondering what he has been fighting for, why he was woken, why he cannot save his friends , and what is truly Earth\'s will. However, Marlene again is able to get through to Yuji and the two realize they need each other and finally become lovers. Yuji decides to return to Earth to once and for all find out what Earth\'s Will is. After learning from Seno about a new migration pattern of the Blue, Yuji and Marlene take a group of volunteers and head to an area where a massive nest is located. There they find a group of humans who seem to be surviving in the area. The nest seems impenetrable at first, but they eventually find an entrance with the help of the local people. The entrance leads to a tunnel where the walls, ceiling, and floor of the cavern are composed of fossil-like Blue. The team finally comes upon a crystal formation in a massive cavern. A huge Blue is birthed from the gel substance sitting atop the formation and kills everyone except for Yuji and Marlene. Yuji kills it and comes to the conclusion that the sphere will hold the answers he seeks. He sends Marlene, who is pregnant with their child, away to the surface to wait for him. He then gets a vision and can see what the earth itself can see. Yuji comes to understand how mankind can live alongside the B-Cells and returns to Marlene. Meanwhile, Second Earth\'s military station\'s citizens revolt against Seno. The station\'s personnel proceed to abandon the station for Earth via shuttles. Eventually a firefight erupts over the last remaining overcrowded shuttle, and the station is destroyed by a massive explosion. All around the world from former Blue Nests, long strings of coalescing energy ascend into Earth\'s atmosphere and form a ring. Marlene and Yuji watch this, realizing Earth is now a safe place to be and look forward to the rest of their lives together as the sun sets. A final view of the Earth from space is shown with a slightly garbled narration, presumably by the Earth, stating, "Welcome to your next journey".'] [" In his youth, Mamoru hands a mysterious boy a rose before he disappears, vowing to bring Mamoru a flower. In the present day, Mamoru meets up with Usagi Tsukino and the Guardian Senshi at the Jindai Botanical Garden. Usagi tries to kiss Mamoru, but when he suspects that he is being spied on by the other senshi, he walks off outside alone. The stranger appears from the garden's fountain. Usagi tries to break the man's grasp from Mamoru, but is knocked down. The man vows that no one will prevent him from keeping his promise before disappearing again. Mamoru tells Usagi that the stranger's name is Fiore. At Rei's temple, the senshi discuss an asteroid which has started to approach Earth and on which Luna and Artemis have discovered traces of vegetal life. The talk turns into gossip about Mamoru's and Fiore's possible relationship, while Usagi thinks about how Mamoru had told her that he had no family and was alone, and how she had promised him she would be his family from now on. Fiore sends a flower-monster, Glycina, to Tokyo in order to drain the population's life energy, but the Guardian Senshi free them and destroy the monster. Fiore appears, revealing that he is responsible for the attack and uses a Xenian flower before severely injuring the senshi. Tuxedo Mask saves Sailor Moon from being killed, and tries to talk Fiore out of fighting. However, the Xenian flower controls Fiore's mind and has him attack Sailor Moon. After Tuxedo Mask saves her from being killed, Fiore takes Mamoru to an asteroid rapidly approaching Earth and begins to revive him in a crystal filled with liquid. While in the crystal, Mamoru remembers meeting Fiore after his parents died in a car accident. Mamoru had previously assumed that he had made up the boy as an imaginary friend. Fiore explains that he had to leave Mamoru because of the Earth's unsuitable atmosphere; Mamoru gave Fiore a rose before disappearing. Fiore searched the galaxy to find a flower for Mamoru, finding the Xenian flower in the process. Seeking revenge on the humans for his loneliness, Fiore returns to Earth. Meanwhile, Luna and Artemis tell the senshi that the Xenian flower can destroy planets using weak-hearted people. Sailor Mercury realizes that the energy from the asteroid matches the flower-monster's evil energy, deducing that Fiore has hidden there. The Senshi decide to rescue Mamoru; Sailor Moon is reluctant to do so, but the Senshi and Chibiusa convince her to save Mamoru and confront Fiore. After the Senshi fly to the asteroid, Fiore reveals that he will scatter flower-seeds to drain humanity's energy on Earth. The Senshi then fight hundreds of flower-monsters, but the Guardian Senshi are captured. After Fiore orders Sailor Moon to surrender, Sailor Moon is unable to feel his loneliness; Fiore begins to drain her life-force. Mamoru escapes and saves Sailor Moon by throwing a rose at Fiore. The rose embedded in Fiore's chest blossoms, freeing him from the Xenian's control. The flowers on the asteroid disappear, but it continues to hurtle towards Earth. Usagi uses the Silver Crystal to transform into Princess Serenity in order to change the course of the asteroid. Fiore tries to stop Usagi's transformation, but he soon realizes that Usagi had given Mamoru the rose that was once given to him. Fiore and the Xenian are obliterated by the immense power and energy from the Silver Crystal. Mamoru and the Guardian Senshi lend Princess Serenity their powers and abilities to sustain the Silver Crystal as the asteroid descends towards Earth. The Silver Crystal shatters, the asteroid disintegrates and Usagi dies. On Earth, despite Luna and Artemis' concern over why the senshi are taking too long, Chibiusa assures them that the senshi are all right. Meanwhile, on the disintegrated asteroid, the girls and Mamoru cry over Usagi, but Fiore reappears and thanks Mamoru. Using a nectar-filled flower with Fiore's life-energy, Mamoru wets his lips with the nectar and kisses Usagi, reviving her and repowering the Silver Crystal. Fiore, reduced to the form of a child again, returns to space to live in peace."] ['Tomoya Okazaki  is a male third-year high school student who does not feel at home due to a distant father who works a night shift, and a mother who died when he was a child. Due to this, he simply goes to school for no reason and does not have any interest in school activities. Tomoya meets a third-year girl from his school one day early in the school year named Nagisa Furukawa . Nagisa is repeating her last year of high school due to having been sick most of the previous year, and this year she does not know what to do. Tomoya suggests she finds something new to do at school, and she comes up with restarting the drama club. By the time the sakura trees are done blooming, Nagisa has already started hand-making posters advertising the drama club\'s reformation. Tomoya, and his good friend Youhei Sunohara , help Nagisa with putting them up around the school, but the student council quickly goes around and uses red paint to deface the posters and write \'invalid\' on them. This angers Youhei greatly and he beats up one of the student council members. Kouko Ibuki , the teacher who had been the adviser for the drama club before it disbanded, gets involved by telling Nagisa that if she can gather more members that she will talk to the school about reforming the club. Tomoya and Youhei try again by this time making copies of hundreds of posters and putting them all around the school, but no one joins the club. In the end, Nagisa gets Tomoya and Youhei to sign up, and she reassures them that she will not ask them to act on stage. The drama club is reformed, and with a month left until the school festival, Nagisa decides to do a soliloquy based on a dream she has had ever since she was a child; meanwhile, Tomoya and Youhei work backstage with the music and lights respectively. Nagisa gets to writing the script, and invites Tomoya and Youhei over to her house for dinner, though only Tomoya can come due to Youhei taking up a part time job with an electrical company. At Nagisa\'s house, which turns out to double as a bakery, Tomoya meets her energetic parents Sanae  and Akio , and even gets to stay overnight after being heavily persuaded by Nagisa\'s father. Like Nagisa, Tomoya has also had a recurring dream ever since he was a child. In his dream, he initially is disembodied in a dead world where he is the only thing "alive". He finds a discarded human-sized doll and uses it as a body to travel around the world on an old bicycle. After some searching, he finds a large sakura tree known as the "promised tree" where he believes he will meet the person he has felt is with him in this dead world. When the school festival finally begins, Nagisa reveals that she has not finished the script, but still wants to go on with the play since the story is still within her. Nagisa has her performance in the evening, so in the meantime Nagisa hangs out with Tomoya and Youhei. During lunch, she tells them that the reason why she wanted to do drama was due to her parents formally having been theater actors, but they both had to give up acting after Nagisa was born. Nagisa wants to do drama so as to continue her parents\' dreams in her footsteps. For the play, Sanae gives Nagisa her wedding dress to use as her costume, much to the surprise of Akio. Nagisa starts with her monologue without a hitch, and during her recitation Kouko gives stage directions to Tomoya and Youhei via headsets. Gradually, Tomoya comes to realize that the story Nagisa is reciting is the same dream that he has had since he was a child, and is shocked to find that Nagisa also had the same dream of the dead world. At the play\'s conclusion, Tomoya realizes that he and Nagisa were meant to be together and confesses his love to her. Shortly after the festival, Nagisa\'s health falters once again and she has to take another leave of absence from school for a year, meaning it is not until a year after Tomoya\'s class graduated that Nagisa is able to graduate high school as well. After this, Tomoya and Nagisa start living together in a small apartment in town while Tomoya works for an electrical company and Nagisa works part time as a waitress at a local family restaurant. Later, Nagisa becomes pregnant, and her doctor informs her family that if she gives birth to the child that she may die in the process. However, Nagisa\'s family chooses not to tell Nagisa about it. One winter night, Nagisa gives birth to a baby girl she names Ushio and Nagisa dies that same night. This causes Tomoya to go into deep depression for a period of five years, during which he does not go to work, or even visit his daughter who is being raised by Nagisa\'s parents. Tomoya\'s friends and his father try to get him out of his depression, but Tomoya is very stubborn. Tomoya\'s father  asks Tomoya\'s friends; Youhei, Tomoyo Sakagami, Kyou Fujibayashi, Kouko and her husband Yusuke Yoshino to take him out on a retreat for a few days in order to break his depression, and they take Tomoya out of his house so fast he does not even know what is going on. Once they tell him on the train, Tomoya is dead set on going back home, and makes it to the train platform which would take him home, but anticipating this, Nagisa\'s parents were waiting for him with Ushio. Tomoya\'s friends block his escape route, and Tomoya turns back to see Ushio starting to run toward him. She trips midway which makes Tomoya leap out and catch her. Picking her up, he is able to see the continuation of his old dream once more, and sees Nagisa under the promised tree smiling lovingly at him and Ushio.'] ['{{plot}}  In the near future, a revolutionary new psychotherapy treatment called dream therapy has been invented. A device called the "DC Mini" allows the user to view people\'s dreams. The head of the team working on this treatment, Doctor Atsuko Chiba, begins using the machine illegally to help psychiatric patients outside the research facility, using her alter-ego "Paprika", a persona she assumes in the dream world. The movie opens with Paprika counseling Detective Toshimi Konakawa, who is plagued by a recurring dream, the incompleteness of which is a great source of personal anxiety for him. This type of counseling session is not officially sanctioned, so Doctor Atsuko Chiba and her associates must be cautious that word does not leak out to the press regarding the nature of the DC Mini and the existence of Paprika. Her closest ally is Doctor Kōsaku Tokita, a child-at-heart genius and the inventor of the DC Mini. Unfortunately, before the government can pass a law authorizing the use of the device, three of the prototypes are stolen. Because of their unfinished nature, the DC Minis can allow anyone to enter another person\'s dreams, giving the culprit an opportunity to get away with all sorts of malicious deeds. Almost immediately, the chief of the department, Doctor Toratarō Shima, goes on a nonsensical tirade and jumps through a window, nearly killing himself. Upon examining Shima\'s dream , Tokita recognizes his assistant, Kei Himuro, which seems to confirm their suspicion that the theft was an inside job. After two other scientists fall victim to the DC Mini, the Chairman of the company, who was against the project to begin with, bans the use of the device completely. This fails to hinder the crazed parade, which manages to claim Tokita, who was inside Himuro\'s dream trying to find answers, and intrude into Konakawa\'s dream. Paprika and Shima take matters into their own hands, and find that Himuro is only an empty shell. Tracing the "roots" that controlled him, Paprika confronts the Chairman, who claims that he is in fact the "protector of the dreamworld", guarding this last haven against the inhumane horrors of reality and technology. He is aided by researcher Doctor Morio Osanai, who agreed to give the Chairman his body and become the Chairman\'s lackey as long as he retains equal powers over his own dreams. Paprika is eventually captured by the pair after an exhausting chase. Paprika wakes as a butterfly pinned to a table in a room surrounded by pinned butterflies. There, Osanai admits his love for Chiba, and literally peels away Paprika\'s skin to reveal Chiba underneath. However, he is interrupted by the outraged Chairman who demands that they finish off Chiba; as the two share Osanai\'s body, they battle for control as they argue over Chiba\'s fate. Konakawa enters the dream from his own recurring dream, and flees with Chiba back into his. Osanai gives chase through Konakawa\'s recurring dream, causing Konakawa to realize that his recurring nightmare and anxiety result from his guilt that he never finished the film he was making with a now deceased friend. He decides to "finish the film" and take control of the dream by shooting Osanai. The act actually kills Osanai\'s physical body with a real bullet wound. Dreams and reality have now merged. The dream parade is running amok in the city, and reality itself is starting to unravel. Shima is nearly killed by a giant Japanese doll, but is saved by Paprika, who has become an entity separate from Chiba thanks to dreams and reality merging. Amidst the chaos, Tokita, in the form of a giant robot, eats Chiba and prepares to do the same for Paprika. The Chairman also returns in the form of a living nightmare, reveals his twisted dreams of omnipotence, and threatens to darken the world with his delusions. A ghostly apparition of Chiba appears and reveals that she has in fact been in love with Tokita this whole time and has simply been repressing these emotions. She comes to terms with her own repressed desires, reconciles herself with that part of her that is Paprika. Paprika returns to Tokita, throwing herself into his body. A baby emerges from the robotic shell and sucks in the wind, aging as she sucks up the Chairman himself, becoming a fully-grown combination of Chiba and Paprika. In this new form, she is able to consume the Chairman\'s dream form and end the nightmare he created. In the final scene, Chiba sits at Tokita\'s bedside as he wakes up. Konakawa and Shima leave the two as Chiba puts her hand in Tokita\'s. As Konakawa and Shima walk down the street, Shima asks if Konakawa ever figured out the meaning to all this. Konakawa, turning to his reflection and seeing the figure of his film friend, realizes that he in fact became the character from their original film: the cop. Konakawa visits Paprika\'s website and receives a message from Paprika: "Atsuko will change her surname to Tokita... and I suggest watching the movie Dreaming Kids." The film ends as Konakawa purchases a ticket for the movie.'] ['In their continuing journey to find the feathers that are the fragments of Sakura\'s lost memory, Syaoran, Kurogane, Fai D. Flowright, Mokona Modoki and Sakura move through time and space with Mokona. Here, they visit the "Country of Birdcages," a seemingly peaceful country where people and birds live together, each person having a bird companion. From their arrival, Syaoran, Sakura and Mokona are separated from Kurogane and Fai who are confronted by warriors from the king and ultimately captured. Syaoran, Sakura and Mokona meet a kid name Koruri who introduces them to her princess, an alternate persona from Princess Tomoyo. Tomoyo explains to Syaoran\'s group that about how the king, her uncle, maintains oppressed citizens, having had their birds taken from them, and plans to use a key to seal the country. They are then attacked by the king\'s bird-like soldier, who easily defeat the opposing Syaoran and Tomoyo\'s commander, and kidnap Tomoyo and Mokona. Syaoran, Sakura, Koruri and the commander proceed to infiltrate into the king\'s castle to rescue Tomoyo. The king then manages to unleash Dodo, an enormous bird who was sealed in the country, and it becomes the king\'s subordinate. Fai, Kurogane and Mokona manage to escape from their cages and are confronted by creatures born from Dodo. They manage to reunite with Syaoran\'s group who go to the upper floors from the castle to stop the king. Sakura gives Syaoran a ring Tomoyo previously gave her, and Syaoran confronts Dodo, realizing it is composed of all the birds from the citizens. Tomoyo\'s bird, Lei-Fan, appears to aid Syaoran fight Dodo, who is carrying the king. Tomoyo tells Syaoran to use her ring to fight the king which causes Syaoran to be surrounded by fire, and launches himself to destroy Dodo. Syaoran also knocks out the king whose body dissolves into a bird, leaving one of Sakura\'s feathers behind. However, as a result of using the ring, the country remains trapped in darkness, and Syaoran\'s group request help to the Dimensional Witch Yūko Ichihara. Tomoyo gives Yūko her bell, sacrificing the relationship between all the citizens and the birds, in exchange of a key that frees the country from its darkness.'] [' On an alternate Earth, an industrial civilization is flourishing amid an impending war between two bordering nations, the kingdom of Honneamise and the "Republic". Shirotsugh Lhadatt is an unmotivated young man who has drifted into his nation\'s lackadaisical space program. After the death of a fellow astronaut, he nurtures a close acquaintance with a young religious woman named Riquinni Nonderaiko, whose faith has seen her through some personal hardships.  Seeing Lhadatt as a prime example of what mankind is capable of, along with the godliness and ground-breaking nature of his work, she inspires him to become the first man in space. His training as an astronaut parallels his coming of age, and he and the rest of the members of the space project overcome technological difficulties, spiritual doubt, the machinations of their political masters, and a botched assassination attempt by the enemy nation. Amidst the debacle, Lhadatt soon becomes worn out by the overbearing publicity surrounding his space mission, prompting him to stay with Riquinni for a while; he then comes close to raping her one night while catching her undressing, causing a temporary rift between them that is later mended thanks to Riquinni\'s kindness. These events culminate in the eventual space launch, which is taking place in what is essentially a demilitarized zone, with the government\'s hope that the launch of the rocket will be viewed by the enemy nation as an act of war and attack, giving Lhadatt\'s country a pretext to go to war. As planned, the enemy nation launches a vast combined arms invasion, resulting in a visually stunning finale as fighter planes duel high above an armored advance towards a defensive trench network. Despite calls to pull out, Lhadatt, already in the space capsule and determined to finish what he started, convinces the frightened and vulnerable ground crew to complete the launch. The spectacular launch stuns both sides into inaction as Lhadatt goes into orbit. With no more reference to the world below , Lhadatt prays for humanity\'s forgiveness. In a symbolic moment, Lhadatt\'s capsule is suddenly bathed in sunlight, and a flashback of his own life and his world\'s history and achievements are shown. Meanwhile on the planet\'s surface, Riquinni witnesses the first snow fall and gazes into the sky, thinking of Lhadatt.'] [" While exploring a cavern in Egypt, Cheng Sinzan discovers a leg armor plate said to be one of six pieces of the Armor of Mars. Cheng is defeated by Laocorn Gaudeamus and his three henchmen before Laocorn attaches the part to his body and destroys the cavern. In Japan, Joe Higashi makes his triumphant return into the ring by defeating Thai champion Hwa Jai after the events of Fatal Fury 2: The New Battle. Joe reunites with Terry and Andy Bogard, as well as Mai Shiranui. While being chased by a masked assailant, Sulia Gaudeamus - Laocorn's sister - befriends Terry. After Big Bear is knocked unconscious by the assailant, Kim Kaphwan defeats him, exposing the assailant as Cheng. Sulia reveals that she has searched for Terry since his battle with Krauser. Sulia, Terry, Andy, Mai and Joe travel to Rhodes, where Sulia reveals that she is a descendent of Gaudeamus, a powerful warrior whose armor drew fear among Alexander the Great. One night, Alexander killed Gaudeamus, but the armor gained life after his death, and reincarnated himself as Mars before destroying a city; it was eventually defeated by four warriors. To prevent Mars from destroying cities again, the armor was broken up and hidden in different places around the world. On the island, the five discover a series of cave paintings that indicate that martial arts moves such as Tung Fu Rue's Hurricane Punch and Krauser's Blitz Ball were influenced by Gaudeamus. Sulia reveals that she possesses healing powers due to her heritage and shares a mental bond with Laocorn. After Sulia discovers the locations of two of the three remaining armor pieces, the group divides into two subgroups in an attempt to find them. While searching for the breast plate in Turkey, Terry, Joe and Sulia discover an ancient chamber, which was unearthed in the police station's destruction. The three discover that the breast plate is in Stroheim Castle, Krauser's former home. Joe is sent to Baghdad to rendezvous with Andy and Mai. Having realized that the breast plate is in Stroheim Castle in Germany, Terry and Sulia travel to the castle, but are confronted by Laocorn's henchman Jamin. Terry is severely injured after using the Power Geyser attack to escape. At the castle, Panni, Laocorn's henchwoman, defeats Krauser's former henchman Laurence Blood and acquires the breast plate from the castle. In Iraq, Andy and Mai find out that the site of the leg armor was raided when the Mongolians sacked Baghdad and brought their loot back to China. They figure that Tung Fu Rue knew the location of the armor piece before he died, and their next lead would be Tung's old friend Jubei Yamada. Sulia heals Terry using part of her life force. Terry, hears from Sulia that her and Laocorn's father was leading an expedition to find the Armor of Mars after discovering the first piece - the right gauntlet. Then one day, a business partner killed the twins' father. After Laocorn was shot by the murderer, he used the armor to kill the murderer. Since then, Laocorn developed an insatiable desire to complete the armor. Hearing the story, Terry vows to fight to protect Sulia from any pain or suffering. In Japan, Andy and Mai go to Duck King's nightclub, where they have arranged to meet with Jubei. As Jubei gives Andy the location of the leg armor, Andy confronts Geese Howard's staff-wielding henchman Billy Kane, but is interrupted by the appearance of Laocorn's third henchman, Hauer. After unsuccessfully trying to seduce and bring Mai to his side, Hauer destroys the nightclub. The next day, Billy reports the confrontation to Geese. Geese, however, dismisses it as trivial information. In China, Andy retrieves the leg armor when he and Mai are attacked by Hauer, who defeats them and steals the armor piece. The five regroup in Rhodes, where Sulia tells them that Laocorn has not found the crown - the sixth armor piece. They discover a secret chamber behind the cave paintings and use Sulia's pendant to reveal the Dead Sea in Israel as the location of the final piece. In Jerusalem, while Andy is away practicing his techniques, Terry and Joe are knocked unconscious while Mai and Sulia are cornered by Laocorn and his henchmen. Sulia agrees to go with her twin brother if he promises not to harm her friends. Laocorn, Sulia and Jamin flee, but Hauer and Panni are easily defeated by Andy and Mai. The heroes head for the Dead Sea, where Laocorn raises an ancient temple. While Andy, Joe and Mai confront an army of Laocorn's masked thugs at the temple, Terry runs toward the entrance and defeats Jamin with his Burning Knuckle technique. He explains that he sees the bond between Terry and Sulia, and that Terry is the only one who can save her and Laocorn. Laocorn finds the armor's crown, mounted on a statue of Mars. Over Sulia and Terry's objections, Laocorn crowns himself - causing the armor to encase him in vermeil and augment all of his powers and abilities. Andy, Joe and Mai join in the fight, but are overpowered by Laocorn's newly-acquired powers. Then, just when Laocorn is about to finish off the heroes, Sulia stabs her own arm to injure Laocorn. As his abilities have become more powerful, so has his mental bond with his sister. Sulia stabs herself in the heart, causing more pain to Laocorn. Before succumbing to her wounds, Sulia tells Terry to strike Laocorn's breast plate. Terry uses his Burning Knuckle technique to defeat Laocorn and reduce his armor to four coins. The coins assimilate into the statue of Mars, bringing it to life. Realizing that the armor was using him to bring Mars back to life, Laocorn sacrifices himself to save Mai. Terry absorbs the last of Sulia's lifeforce, combining it with his skills to attack Mars head-on. Terry uses the Buster Wolf technique to defeat Mars and he, Mai, Andy and Joe escape the temple. The film ends with Terry throwing his hat in silence."] ['Three decades after the great war between the humans and the Zentradi, in January of 2040, the U.N. government is developing new technologies to use in their transforming fighter aircraft by running tests on the colony planet Eden. Military test pilots and former childhood friends, loose cannon Isamu Alva Dyson and the Zentradi mixed race Guld Goa Bowman, are selected to each pilot a new aircraft  for Project Super Nova, to choose the newest successor to the VF-11 Thunderbolt variable fighter which is currently still in use by the U.N. Spacy military forces. Their own personal grudges end up disrupting the tests, and begin to wreak havoc on the program. Their rivalry heats up when a mutual friend, Myung Fang Lone, shows up. Myung was a childhood friend of both pilots, but the three of them had a falling out, and quickly grew apart. This is alluded to throughout the story, and evidence of the strained relationship between Myung and either of the two men is apparent, while their distaste for one another is obvious. When they meet again, they discover that Myung is now the producer of Sharon Apple, the hottest entertainer in the galaxy, who just happens to be an AI hologram. During a testing session, Guld and Isamu finally face off against each other- and an all out fight begins as each tries to best the other. Despite being in the middle of a testing area, they quickly proceed to tear the surrounding area to shreds in their fight to gain superiority over the other. Having turned off their communications equipment, both pilots fight using the test aircraft in a series of stunning dog-fight maneuvers before going into battroid form and finishing the fight on the ground. In the process, an "accidental" gun pod discharge injures Isamu and he is taken to the hospital, where he awakens to Myung standing watch over him. After returning to duty, a military tribunal questions Guld about their fight in the test area, but ultimately the decision is left up to the Admiral in charge of the project. Chief Miller, the station commander of New Edwards Test Flight Facility reluctantly tells both pilots that their mission and the project has been scrubbed by the U.N. Spacy High Command- due to the completion of a newer, and previously unknown aircraft, the Ghost X-9 - an advanced stealth UCAV prototype, which was secretly being produced on Earth while two other prototypes  were simultaneously being tested for Project Super Nova in planet Eden. With the Ghost X-9 completed, testing on the YF-19 and YF-21 was halted indefinitely, since the higher-ups believe that the new unmanned fighter is superior in every way. Meanwhile, the AI Sharon Apple has developed a malevolent consciousness and, during her concert in the Atlantis Dome inside Earth\'s Macross City, quickly takes over both the Ghost X-9 and the SDF-1 Macross Fortress and hypnotizes her audience and the Macross\' staff. When discovering that Myung\'s life is in danger, Isamu and Guld have to travel to Earth and set aside their differences to overcome the events from their childhood that drove them apart and caused them to hate each other. While Isamu goes after Sharon, who has taken over the SDF-1 Macross, Guld fights the X-9 and ultimately destroys it by removing the gravitational safety limiters on his aircraft, and matching the X-9\'s velocity/maneuverability until he achieves a target lock and shoots the X-9 down. However, removing the limiters allows Guld to achieve accelerations exceeding human  limitations, which ultimately leads to his death—even as he crashes the YF-21 into the X-9, destroying it. While fighting the SDF-1 Macross, Isamu is hypnotized by Sharon\'s voice, and is left to crash to his death. At the last second, Myung\'s voice reaches him and brings him out back to consciousness. Dodging the Macross\' fire, Isamu is able to destroy the central computer, effectively eliminating Sharon. The story ends as the sun rises over the Macross Fortress, with Myung waving to Isamu, who has survived the destruction of Sharon\'s computer.'] ["Zoro is lured away from the crew by henchmen of his childhood friend Saga. In search of Zoro, the Straw Hats encounter the young priestess Maya. Luffy and Usopp get lost and meet Saga, while Saga's men attack Maya's village. Zoro, alongside them, takes three purple orbs from Maya, which none of Saga's men can touch. Luffy fights Saga, but during the encounter falls off a high cliff, causing Usopp to jump after him. Zoro returns to Saga with the orbs and disposes of them in a well. Luffy and Usopp find an underground tunnel system and explore it. There they stumble upon the orbs and take them along. While in the village the remaining Straw Hats hear about the evil Seven-Star Sword, that has taken control of Saga, and the stolen orbs needed to seal the sword's power, when Luffy and Usopp emerge from the ground in front of them. After hearing the story, the Straw Hats decide to help. Zoro learns that Saga is controlled by the Seven-Star Sword and that Saga plans to make him the sword's first sacrifice. They start a fight during which Zoro attempts to destroy the cursed blade. Using the orbs, Maya performs a ritual to keep the sword's power from fully awakening. Saga defeats Zoro, but before he can kill him, the ritual catches his attention and he hurries to interrupt it. After that, with the sword's power unfolding, Saga fights Luffy a second time. During their fight, the sword crumbles and its power is transferred into Saga's body. Zoro appears, takes over for Luffy, and defeats his old friend. After the cursed power leaves Saga's body and his mind is freed from the evil influence, the Straw Hats set sail for their next adventure."] ['Nineteen-year-old college student Hana meets a young man who sneaks into her classes for lessons and falls in love with him immediately. They soon start dating. One day, the man reveals his identity to Hana; he is a Wolfman and the only surviving descendant of the extinct Japanese wolf. Undeterred by this fact, Hana invites him to live with her. A year later, when Hana becomes pregnant, she decides not to visit a hospital out of fear that her child would be a wolf. Their daughter, Yuki, is thus born at home on a snowy day, along with her brother, Ame, who is born a year after her, this time on a rainy day. Not long after Ame\'s birth, the Wolfman suddenly disappears. Hana searches frantically, only to discover that city workers were working to remove a wolf\'s carcass from a canal. He had died accidentally while hunting to feed the children. Although devastated by the loss of her beloved, Hana resolves to take good care of her wolf-children by herself. However, Hana discovers that living in the city with her children was extremely difficult. Yuki, who is temperamental, often switches between her human and wolf form, creating a lot of noise, making the neighbors unhappy. Child-protection officers have been hounding Hana because her children had not gone for the compulsory immunization program. Making matters worse, her landlord receives complaints that she was keeping pets at home due to the wolf cries made by Yuki and Ame, and threatens to evict her because the apartment forbids pets. Eventually, Hana decides to move to the countryside and stumbles upon a dilapidated house that was virtually rent-free, but requires a lot of renovation work. Most importantly to her, however, is the fact that the nearest neighbor is miles away, and the house is surrounded by nature. Hana gets down to work immediately, repairing the house and later tried to grow crops. Initially skeptical of her at first, the other villagers warm up to her and help her to settle in. One fierce old man who treats newcomers harshly even shows Hana how to grow her own farm. At the same time, Hana tries to find ways to educate her children about wolf survival in the wild. She eventually gets a job as an assistant in a nature reserve to learn more about nature. Meanwhile, Yuki loves the new environment, while Ame dislikes it. One day, Ame finds the will to chase after a kingfisher, but loses his footing and falls into a stream, and nearly drowns. After that day, Ame became a more confident person. Soon, when Yuki and Ame reaches school-going age, Yuki begs her mother to send her to school. Hana agrees on one condition: they must never transform into a wolf in front of people. Although Yuki does not fit well into the school environment initially due to her background, but she soon adapts and makes many new friends at school. On the other hand, Ame does not adapt very well and gets bullied to the point he stops attending school and frequently wanders into the woods behind their house. Later, Hana discovers that Ame was taking lessons from an old fox about hunting and survival in the wild. In school, Yuki\'s class receives a new transfer student, Souhei who ultimately tells Yuki that she smelled of an animal. Fearing that he would uncover her identity, Yuki avoids him. However, he follows Yuki around the school until Yuki, unable to control herself, transforms into a wolf and scratches him across the ear. Haunted by this incident, Yuki refuses to go to school. However, moved by Souhei\'s persistence in sending her homework and foodstuff every day, Yuki eventually returns to school, and even became good friends with Souhei. On one stormy day, when Ame\'s "master" dies, Ame decides to take over his role in the woods, but despite his mother\'s objections, he slips away without Hana knowing. During her search for Ame, Hana slips and falls down a chasm, but is rescued by Ame, who carries her out of the woods. Before regaining consciousness, Hana has a vision where the Wolfman apologizes to her for the burden she had to bear in raising their children and tells her he is proud of how they have grown. Hana berates herself for Ame\'s disappearance, to which the Wolfman responds that Ame has found his path in life. When she awakens, Hana finally accepts Ame\'s decision, and watches in awe as he howls and disappears into the distance as a matured wolf. Meanwhile, Yuki, who was left in school with Souhei, reveals her true identity to him and confesses that she was the wolf who attacked him. Souhei admits that he knew this a long time ago, but he has already forgiven her. Years later, Yuki attends a boarding middle school, making a lot of new friends in the process and despite Ame\'s disappearance, his howls could be heard far and wide. Meanwhile, Hana continues to live in her old home, happily knowing that she has raised her wolf-children well.'] ['In 1983, off-duty policeman Reiden picks up a suspicious couple, Kei and Ai, who claim to be father and daughter but appear to be close in age. Reiden thus becomes involved in a fight between them and the female fighter K2 who is chasing them. Kei draws out his latent ability to the maximum by a Legendary "Trigger" and Ai blows away K2. The night sky splits and strange space is shown. Their enemy is the secret society "Fraud" of para-psionics, which is commanded by Kuu Ragua Lee. Kei, Ai and Reiden meet the assassins whom Fraud sends out one after another.'] ["Nasu: Summer in Andalusia follows the story of a professional Spanish cyclist, Pepe Benengeli, as he competes in the Vuelta a España road bicycle race through his home town in the Iberian region of Andalusia. As the story progresses, Pepe is faced with frustrating consequences, with him facing pressure from his sponsors and the wedding of his former girlfriend, Carmen, to his elder brother, Angel, coinciding on the same day of the penultimate stage of the bicycle race. Originally is meant to be a backup racer whose job is to assist his more prominent team-mate to win the race. However he accidentally overhears a conversation in his sponsor's van through his radio com-link which had been negligently left open, in which he finds out, to his shock, that his sponsor intends to fire him after the race. Realizing that he cannot race without a sponsor and that he has nothing left to lose, he disregards his instructions and sets out to win the race for himself."] ['Momokichi Momoi, the mob boss owner of a professional baseball team known as "the Peach Twisters", has a unique way of dealing with ineffective players: killing them. His daughter, Momomi, is twice as twisted as her father. Mikura and the Danger Service Agency are hired by a mysterious old man to kidnap Momokichi. But, during that attempt, they run afoul of Momomi. Before the resulting firefight, Momokichi dies when his head falls on a ventilation pipe. Now, Mikura and the D.S.A., have to come up with a new plan before they end up as Momomi\'s next victims.'] ["Yukito Kunisaki , a traveling puppeteer, arrives in a small sea-side town in the hopes of earning money at the upcoming summer festival. At the same time Misuzu Kamio  is just leaving school after discussing her summer project with one of her teachers. Choosing to do a project on the history of the town, Misuzu finds a book containing the story of Kannabi no Mikoto , the inspiration for the upcoming festival. After crashing her bike and encountering Yukito on the beach, Misuzu invites Yukito to stay at her home until the festival begins after learning that he has no place to stay. After meeting Misuzu's eccentric aunt Haruko , and getting a hangover the next morning from drinking with her, Yukito accompanies Misuzu throughout the town as she does research for her project. As the two become closer, the story of Kannabi no Mikoto, or Kanna for short, begins to unfold, telling how Kanna, the last of the winged beings, fell in love with her guardian Ryūya  while being sequestered in a palace under penalty of death if she attempted to leave. As the two eventually become lovers, Kanna reveals her desire to escape and use her wings to fly to her mother, whom she was separated at birth from. Eventually, Ryūya decides to help Kanna see her dream and the two plot their escape. In the present day, Misuzu's mysterious illness from her childhood resurfaces, leading Haruko to arrange for Misuzu's father to take her to a hospital where she can be treated. In a flashback, Kanna is seen with similar symptoms and tells Ryūya that the reason for her illness is punishment because she has fallen in love with him, which goes against the laws of her kind. Yukito becomes conflicted by both his feelings for Misuzu and his wish to continue wandering and leaves during the night. However, soon after he arrives at the bus stop, he remembers his real reason for coming to the town of Kami: to earn money; Yukito heads back into town for the festival. Meanwhile at the Kamio house, Haruko is preparing to take Misuzu to the festival when Misuzu's father arrives to take his daughter away. An emotional Haruko tells a shocked Misuzu that the reason she called her father is because Haruko cannot stand to see Misuzu becoming increasingly ill and wishes to be rid of her, but as Misuzu and her father leave Haruko is seen drinking and crying at the loss. While driving through the crowds at the festival, Misuzu suddenly leaves her father's car after seeing a float of Kannabi no Mikoto pass and prompts a panicked search by her father and Haruko. During her search, Haruko finds Yukito as he his performing, and while he is at first unwilling, after recalling how he failed Misuzu in his past life as Ryūya, he joins in the search and frantically runs to the temple of Kannabi no Mikoto. Misuzu herself recalls her past life and her fateful escape from her confinement, remembering that both Ryūya and her mother died soon after she took flight; the former by a barrage of arrows in retaliation from the guards and the latter by leaving her prison to see her daughter after hearing her voice calling. Kanna herself was impaled by hundreds of arrows, but strangely never hit the ground and simply remained in the air. As the film concludes, Yukito arrives at the temple and confesses his love for Misuzu, and after reuniting with Haruko, the trio returns to the Kamio residence. A short time later Haruko and Yukito decide to send Misuzu to a hospital in order to treat her, cutting her hair before she leaves and taking her to the ocean as per her request. At the ocean, a weakened Misuzu gets up and tries to reach Haruko and Yukito, the two most important people in her life. She finally reaches them only to collapse in Yukito's arms and die having finally reached her goal. Yukito is last seen leaving town in the autumn and promising to find Misuzu wherever she appears next in the hope that he will someday be able to break her curse and let her be free."] [' The story begins with Teru Aoki , the main protagonist, on a train to Tokyo after a school trip. Just before entering a tunnel, Teru briefly sees something in the distance, though he doesn\'t understand what he saw. Soon after entering the tunnel, a powerful earthquake makes the train derail and partially destroys it, and blocks both sides of the tunnel with rubble. Knocked unconscious during the derailment, when he reawakens Teru finds, much to his horror, that all of his teachers and classmates have died in the crash. Wandering the wrecked wagons of the train, he finds Nobuo Takahashi , a highly unnerved boy who apparently was being bullied at school, and Ako Seto , who is unconscious and wounded. Teru gives what medical attention he can to Ako, who wakes up after several days. While they find temporary shelter, food and water in the dining wagon of the train, Nobuo, shocked by the fact that the tunnel is completely sealed and they are buried alive, starts giving in to his fear, to the point where he declares that "something" is lurking in the darkness of the tunnel. Before long, he starts wandering the corpses-filled wagons, muttering incoherently to himself, and declares the wrecked train to be his and his only. This forces Teru and Ako to take supplies and build up a makeshift shelter out of the train, where they live for some time. After a number of days pass without any sort of relief or rescue party coming, Teru decides to try and find an escape route out of the tunnel, and ventures into a partially collapsed ventilation shaft. Meanwhile, Nobuo has given in to his fear and has become crazy and deranged, painting his body as if he was a primitive savage and mutilating the corpse of a teacher, thinking he\'s still alive. He kidnaps Ako and almost rapes her, though she manages to escape. In the ventilation shafts, Teru is suddenly hit by a powerful stream of contaminated water, which saves him from a previous cave-in that almost buried him alive, and the shaft collapses while the tunnel is rocked by more powerful tremors. In the chaos, amidst falling rocks and choking steam, Teru notices Ako chased by a crazed Nobuo, armed with a makeshift spear built from a pole and a kitchen knife, and comes to the girl\'s rescue. He gets stabbed in the shoulder, but manages to overcome and soundly beat Nobuo, before almost killing him with a rock. However, he and Ako soon escape after the tunnel starts collapsing and, incredibly, lava begins flowing in it. They succeed in escaping through the ventilation shafts, but Nobuo is left behind in the darkness, and is never seen again.  After wandering through the shafts and a labyrinth of sewer-like tunnels, the two survivors finally surface in a destroyed and deserted wastewater treatment plant. For the first time they take a sight at the landscape, which is covered by a thick layer of grayish, dense dust. The sky itself is filled with ominous clouds, thick enough to almost blot out the Sun. A functioning TV, found in the plant among some other supplies, reveals to them that there is much danger in Tokyo, and that most cities have been taken over by looters. There appears to be no functioning government anymore. While exploring the plant, Ako notices someone and, following them, they soon reach a small hospital in ruins, where they are helped by a group of teenage survivors. They give them supplies and clothing, and tell them they want to go to Tokyo, and initially Ako and Teru decide to go with this group, however after witnessing them dancing like madmen amidst dead cattle and wounding themselves in the frenzy, they decide to go by themselves. During the trek they are almost killed by a sudden mudslide, and soon after they see a squadron of military helicopters in the sky above them. Following the direction of the helicopters, they arrive to a deserted small town, which is completely in ruins. Exploring it, Teru gets separated from Ako after he notices a helicopter and, thinking they can be rescued, goes investigating. The helicopter, which was part of the larger squadron saw by Ako and Teru before and got lost in the dust, is crewed by Captain Nimura , pilot Iwada , and crewmen Yamazaki  and Ōike . While Iwada seems to be the voice of reason of the group, Nimura is a dangerous and unprofessional soldier, apparently unfazed by the devastation around him, calmly listening to music and reading pornographic magazines instead of focusing on more important problems - food and fuel for the helicopter. He even pulls a gun on Iwada when annoyed by him, and chases away Teru when he begs them for help. Meanwhile, Ako encounters Yamazaki, who left the rest of the crew in search of fuel and, under Nimura\'s orders, a girl, and tries to rape Ako, though she manages to fend him off. Seeing Yamazaki return wounded and with knowledge that there\'s a girl in town, Nimura and Ōike grab guns and starts searching for her. Teru briefly tries to stop them, but he is knocked out by Nimura, though he manages to recover. However, the stress of the situation, the urge to defend Ako and the hatred for the soldiers leave him in a precarious state of mind, and he briefly "gives in to the darkness" much like Nobuo, hiding himself while the soldiers resume their search and preparing Molotov cocktails. Meanwhile, the weather starts to change, with the sky becoming reddish and lightning falling even though there are no clouds. Nimura and Ōike separate in their search, and soon after, the latter finds Teru in a crazed state. He tries to reason with him, before noticing the petrol bomb in his hand and trying to disarm him. Unfortunately for him, Teru\'s grip slips and the petrol bomb crashes at Ōike\'s feet, burning him to death. He then confronts Nimura, though the situation is cut short by a huge conflagration which starts burning down the town. Meanwhile, Ako has managed to fend off Yamazaki, grab hold of his gun and force him to take her to the helicopter. The conflagration quickly becomes a powerful firestorm, and Nimura and Teru have to quickly escape. At the schoolyard where the helicopter landed, Iwada and Ako take off, leaving Yamazaki behind when they witness the formation of a series of enormous fire tornadoes. Yamazaki is burned alive by the heat, and Nimura and Teru almost share the same fate if not for Ako\'s insistence to rescue them. They are saved in the nick of time when Iwada lands the helicopter near them and takes them aboard. The group leaves the town, now completely engulfed in flames.  After another near-brush with death, Teru finally gives in to his injuries and falls unconscious, much to Ako\'s worry. After flying into a massive, thick cloud and getting lost, the team ends up landing by a cliff in search for fuel. Iwada and Nimura go over the geography. Because the ash cloud is between them and Tokyo and it\'s impossible to fly directly through it without damaging the helicopter\'s engine, they decide to take a detour through the Izu peninsula. Iwada worries about the lack of fuel, wondering if they even have enough to reach Izu. Before they can gather much, the road starts to collapse into the sea and they have to fly away. They land in Izu, and meet a survivor, a former teacher who tells them that a tsunami hit, reaching far inland, and the main town has been taken over by looters. She has medical training and tells them Teru has tetanus, due to the untreated wound inflicted to him by Nobuo in the tunnel. Iwada stays behind to repair the helicopter, while Ako and Nimura, much to his annoyance, go to the nearby town searching for medicine and fuel. To not let Nimura doing anything dangerous, he is given weapons but no ammunition, which Ako carries instead, to give him only if the situation demands it. They are also given radios to remain in contact with Iwada. During the trek to the town, Ako and Nimura have to camp out for the night, and they briefly see lights in the distance. The next day, they find mutilated bodies at a nearby lake, and soon after encounter survivors, a frightened young man and his companion, a seemingly disabled boy with strange scars on his head. Other people appear, these ones from the town Ako and Nimura are trying to reach, and attack them in a frenzy. The silent boy gets badly burned on his arm, but incredibly doesn\'t emit a sound even in that situation, as if completely numb to pain. A man from the mob, a policeman, shoots and wounds Nimura, and he, Ako and the scarred boy are captured and brought to the town. Once they regain consciousness, Ako and Nimura find that the town is in ruins and mostly barricaded to prevent those inside from escaping, and that due to the tsunami, the Izu peninsula has now become an island separated from mainland Japan. This isolation left the survivors without food and, due to the dire circumstances, they all went mad and killed their relatives, burning them all in the town hall. They too plan mass suicide, though the sight of Ako makes them even more crazed, wanting to kill her as if she was a sacrifice before their own death. Fortunately, Nimura, Ako and the scarred boy, whose name is Kikuchi, manage to escape from the crazed mob, though they can\'t leave town. The trio run to a building filled with gasoline, the place where the mad survivors of the town plan to kill themselves. They leave the building behind and manage to reach the town\'s hospital, though in the process Ako has to kill some of the townspeople to defend herself. In the hospital, Ako and Nimura briefly barricade themselves, and she finds the much-needed medicine for Teru. With the medicine secured, she tries to find out an escape route from the hospital, and while doing so notices that Kikuchi has wandered off. When she finds him, he mentions a certain painting believed to be related to the events, and calls himself Dragon Head. Soon after, they are cornered in the hospital by the townspeople. Nimura and Ako fight through a wave of them and escape on a motorcycle. Kikuchi, left alone, is beaten into a bloody pulp by one of the aggressors, but scares him off when he doesn\'t die of his injuries, and mocks everyone for the fear they feel. Nimura, on the other hand, explains that he looks out only for himself, but says that he is different from the townspeople — he is afraid to die, unlike them. Meanwhile, a less-defeatist, small group of townspeople find the radio in the forest, left there when Ako and Nimura were caught. They call Iwada and pretend to have hostages. Iwada flies to them and they invade the helicopter, trying to commandeer it. He is forced to land, but while they argue over who gets to fly away he takes a rocket launcher and blows them away. He takes off again to the town, but he is wounded when one of the invaders manages to enter the helicopter and shoots one of his ears off with a gunshot. Iwada fends him off and resumes his fly. Ako and Nimura climb to the top of the funeral pyre building, just as the black cloud they tried to avoid before moves over the Izu peninsula. Iwada rescues them in time, and they manage to load a number of fuel barrels on the helicopter before leaving for good. As the town is completely engulfed in the massive cloud, a townsperson ignites the pyre and blows the building up, burning to death with the other survivors. Somehow, Kikuchi had followed, and they see him on the rooftop, on fire and showing no expression, as they leave, a sight that greatly disturbs Ako. The helicopter lands back at the woman\'s home. Thanks to the medicine brought back from town, she heals Teru. Teru and Ako agree to look for their families in Tokyo, and to remain together. Remembering the words from Kikuchi, Ako reaches a nearby building where, reading through some books, manages to link the "painting" Kikuchi spoke about to Mount Fuji. Iwada says he wants to go to Tokyo too, and also to see Mount Fuji. Everyone comes with except for the lady, who stays back to rebuild her destroyed town. Parting with Ako and Teru, she warns them not to give in to fear, and that fear itself can be faced and conquered.  Thanks to Iwada\'s repairs, the helicopter\'s engine now can withstand the thick ash in the sky, and thus the group decides to try to fly through the massive black cloud. After a long, perilous voyage, they finally manage to leave it behind them, though what waits for them leaves them in utter horror and amazement. They find themselves in complete darkness, the only lights coming from plumes and rivers of lava on the ground, which is reduced to a charred, lifeless wasteland, where they see the wrecks of the helicopter squadron that Nimura\'s crew belonged to. Mount Fuji has vanished, and in its place they find a gigantic hole in the ground, miles in diameter. They dare to fly inside the hole to see how deep it goes, but after descending for a while, they are overcome by fear and ascend quickly, leaving the seemingly bottomless pit behind. Considering the abnormal weather, the continuous rain of ash and the black clouds so thick that they block out the Sun, the group theorizes that Mount Fuji suffered a catastrophically massive volcanic eruption, or that a meteor hit it and triggered the disaster. Leaving that hellish landscape behind, the group fly through the black cloud once more, and manages to exit it, finding themselves in another surreal scenario: the sky is brighter, and the ash falling is almost snow-like. They land on top of a large ruined shopping mall, where they stop to search for supplies. Unfortunately, the place has been already looted and it is dangerously unstable. Their departure is hastened even further when a powerful tornado forms nearby and starts moving in the direction of the mall. In the ensuing chaos, while Iwada, Ako and Nimura manage to take off in the helicopter, Teru is left behind when the roof of the mall collapses under him. He barely escapes with his life when the tornado hits and destroys the mall by hiding into an elevator, where he falls unconscious. When Teru wakes up, he finds out that the mall has been almost completely obliterated, and that he is alone. However, after wandering for some time, he comes across the wreck of the helicopter the group used until then, near which is a makeshift grave for Iwada, who died in the crash. Although initially overcome by despair, Teru finds a glimmer of hope when he looks inside the helicopter, where he find some beverages and a note from Ako, which tells him that after the helicopter crashed, she and Nimura went to Tokyo on foot. Hopeful to see Ako again, Teru embarks on the long trek that will lead him to Tokyo as well. Along the way, he makes a strange encounter with a wounded man, who incoherently babbles about Tokyo being both Hell and Heaven, how he wants to escape from there, and how he wants to go back. In a fit of madness, the man runs away and dies soon after, falling from a cliff. After giving him a hasty burial, Teru resumes his journey. He finally arrives in Tokyo, which is utterly ruined.  Once a metropolis thriving with life, Tokyo is now reduced to a silent, decaying ruin. Entering the dead city, Teru wanders through the streets littered with corpses, clinging to the hope of finding some other human beings, though the search proves initially fruitless. Distraught and tired, Teru stops near the entrance to the subway, where he briefly hears a voice. Though convinced that it was a hallucination, when he hears it again he braves the darkness of the underground once more, bent on finding the source. The subway station and the tunnels are in ruin as well, and following them, Teru finds that someone has put radios in the tunnels, which all repeat the same garbled message. Deeper into the underground, the boy finds a man-made cave that leads him to another station, under which lava is flowing. Terrified, Teru goes even deeper, and finds himself in a massive warehouse filled with boxes of food, water and first aid kits, apparently stockpiled for emergencies. It is there that Teru finds a group of survivors led by a man who declares himself a scientist, who welcomes Teru with a strange monologue about fear, about how everyone in his group cannot feel it anymore while the others have given in to it. The group of survivors itself is eerie, as many of them are covered with self-inflicted wounds, while others are painted and armed like Nobuo was at the beginning of the story. The scientist explains that the supplies in the warehouse were experimental and contained special compounds which numbed fear. After consuming them for a prolonged period of time, the survivors of his group stopped feeling fear completely, and longing for it again, started wounding themselves. Disturbed by the scientist\'s words and his followers, among which he recognizes boys with scarred heads similar to Kikuchi, who explain that the most primitive part of their brain, the one which controls fear, was removed through surgery, Teru leaves the group and makes his way to the surface once more. Once again in the dead streets of Tokyo, Teru makes his way to his house, an apartment building now almost collapsed. He enters what\'s left of his home, finding it in complete decay and totally devoid of life, but he also find supplies and another note left by Ako, which urges him to go to their school. Meanwhile, the savages guided by the scientist assault a patrol of foreign soldiers, and a fleet of ships from another country  is seen anchored in what was once Tokyo Bay. Following Ako\'s notes, Teru leaves his ruined home for the school, and there he meets Ako and Nimura. Nimura pulls a gun on him and says he is taking Ako for himself. He holds Teru at gunpoint, and Teru opines that without fear — either by being numbed to it, or just never needing it — life is lessened. Unnerved by him, Nimura ultimately declares that he saw the graves where the victims of the disaster were collected, and among them there was Teru\'s whole family. He then shoots Teru, wounding him slightly, before being subdued by both him and Ako. However, Teru discharges Nimura\'s gun in the air and leaves him alive before leaving with Ako. Nimura, alone, is left wondering about himself. Foreign soldiers storm Tokyo and are attacked by the survivor group. The scientist, now almost naked and holding a pair of severed heads, says to a soldier that he helped bring the apocalypse along. A document discovered by other soldiers indicates that there\'s the possibility that three nuclear weapons were on Japanese soil, and that weirdly the entire Japanese government vanished almost instantaneously. It also says that other governments are similarly unavailable. The document states that no one seems to know exactly what happened, but that the military is dedicated to retrieving the nuclear warheads. During the chaos, another disaster occurs, and a volcano suddenly emerges in what was once central Tokyo. Teru and Ako see its rise, as do Nimura and one of the boys with the scarred head. Teru and Ako sit together and watch the volcano, and Teru reflects that the world is what you make of it, and that even with the world in ruins good or evil still both have chances to triumph, leaving a faint glimmer of hope for things to adjust themselves, one day in the future.'] ['After being "created" by a dog, Doggy Poo meets various living and inanimate things. No one wants to be his friend, and Doggy Poo becomes sad because he believes he is worthless and has no purpose. Eventually, a plant grows out of the ground and tells Doggy Poo that she needs him so she can grow into a flower. Doggy Poo discovers his life purpose and he becomes absorbed by the flower. After being absorbed by the flower, Doggy Poo lives "a happy life".'] ["Barefoot Gen 2 takes place 3 years after the end of the original movie, with Gen trying to cope during the early post-war reconstruction of Japan. While the first movie focused on the immediate effect of the atomic bombing, the second film focuses on the long-term problems that faced the survivors, such as the devastated economy and national infrastructure, and lingering effects of the bomb's radiation. Most of the buildings are still in ruins, and Gen's school building is still half-wrecked by bomb-damage. Many still cannot afford basic necessities of life, as Japan's economy slowly recovers. Gen and his mother struggle to survive, and while she gets a job at a brick-building factory, it is barely enough to support their basic needs. There are also several gangs of orphaned children squatting in the ruins instead of going to school. At first, contact with them is adversarial, but Gen soon realizes that they have nowhere else to go and are as desperate as he is, striking up a friendship with them. During a lighter moment in the film, Gen and the children stumble upon an old military firing range where ammunition was dumped at the end of the war. The gang leader realizes they can sell the old bullets for scrap metal, and the entire group starts filling wheelbarrows with spent shell casings, singing as they work. The other major plotline in the movie follows the long-term effects of the use of the atomic bomb: even years later, many people are suffering lingering medical effects from the radiation. A girl among the orphans was badly burned during the bombing  and is ostracized by the rest of the group for her condition, though Gen accepts her. Gen's own mother is gradually dying of cancer throughout the movie, due to exposure to the atomic blast . They both know that she is dying, though Gen struggles to comprehend how he will survive without her."] ['A futuristic look at a terrifying Europe where the world is running out of oil. A gigantic underground network is created by joining all the various undergrounds together underneath Europe. Roger  from a suburb of Stockholm avoids the underground because he finds it disturbing. Sometimes when he is too near the underground, he hears a strange voice in his head. One day Roger stumbles upon the truth that his life is controlled in every detail. In order to break free he combines forces with super-model Nina .'] ["The mountainous kingdom of Paro and the coastal city-state of Itha had been at peace for over a century. They would have remained that way but for the ambitions of Paro's power-hungry king. Paro invaded Itha, despite the love between Jill, Paro's prince, and Ahanas, Itha's princess. Caught between duty and emotion, the star-crossed lovers were forced to fight a war to its bitter conclusion. Isu was a simple farmer from the neutral village of Saki, but he saved Itha from being destroyed by being a spy from Paro, and found himself hungering for wealth and glory that the Ithan monarchy could provide. Agents from Paro made him an offer to fulfill his wishes, and he left his wife Marin behind in what would turn into a battlefield between the two kingdoms."] [' Kiki is a 13-year-old witch-in-training, living in a village where her mother is the resident herbalist. It is traditional for witches to live for a year alone when they reach 13 years of age. In the opening of the story, Kiki takes off for the big city with her best friend Jiji, a loquacious black cat.  Kiki settles in Koriko, a port city. After a hard start, mostly because of her own insecurity, Kiki finds friends and a place to stay. But she has only one witch\'s skill: her ability to fly on a broom, at which she is still not fully proficient. So, in order to support herself, she begins a delivery service. Kiki experiences setbacks, and she must contend with adolescent worries. She is pursued by Tombo, a local boy crazy about aviation who has developed a genuine respect for her flying power and a strong liking for Kiki as a girl in general. Kiki eventually warms up to him, but after an unpleasant encounter with Tombo\'s friends, some of whom she had met earlier under unfavorable circumstances, Kiki\'s powers to fly and speak with Jiji suddenly diminish and ultimately disappear, leaving her devastated. However, one of her friends, a young painter named Ursula, invites her to stay in her forest cottage, where she analyzes Kiki\'s current crisis as "some form of artist\'s block." Since many things had not gone as hoped for, Kiki is experiencing such a period, which resulted in the loss of her powers; but if she finds a new purpose, she will be able to reclaim what she has lost. Heartened, Kiki returns to the city. While visiting one of her customers, she witnesses an accident on the television. A strong and sudden gust of wind blows in the area. Tombo is lifted into the air and blown away hanging from a dirigible. In her desperation to save him, Kiki pushes herself to regain her flying ability. Improvising with a street-sweeper\'s push broom, Kiki reactivates her power and rescues Tombo. During the credits, Kiki is now comfortably part of the life in Koriko as its own local celebrity and flying in formation with Tombo on his human-powered aircraft, a propeller-rigged bicycle and Osono gives birth to her first child. Kiki sends a letter to her parents about gaining confidence through difficulties and that she has decided to make this city her new home.'] ['{{Unreferenced|section|dateDifferences between manga and animeBy A. O. SCOTTPublished: January 25, 2002 |urlFILM REVIEW; Dark Doings Proliferate In a World of Vivid Colors - New York Times |publisher2002-01-25 |accessdateDeleted scene The Japanese release of the film shows a picture after the credits depicting a shop named "Kenichi & Tima Robot Company," with Tima visible in the window. This implies that Kenichi succeeded in rebuilding Tima and they set up the shop together. This picture was included in the English theatrical release and Blu-ray printing, though not on the DVD release.'] ['In the year 1999, the alien spacecraft SDF-1 crashed on Earth, followed ten years later by the alien Zentraedi, seeking to reclaim the vessel for their rulers, the Robotech Masters. The First Robotech War erupted over the vessel, ending with victory for humankind, at the cost of the SDF-1 itself. Now, in 2027, the Robotech Masters themselves arrive in Earth’s Solar System, aiming to recover the ship’s still-functional mother computer, being studied at Earth’s Robotech Research Center in Japan. The Masters launch a covert attack on a small human settlement, killing Colonel B.D. Andrews of the Army of the Southern Cross and secretly replacing him with a clone. Following a disastrous attack by the ASC on the Masters’ flagship, the Andrews clone proposes that the military take charge of use the mother computer to formulate a defense against the Masters. When his proposal is approved, he secretly begins beaming the contents of the computer’s database to the Masters, after which they plan to destroy the Earth. Suspicious over the military’s decision to hide the Masters’ existence from the populous, soldier Todd Harris steals the "MODAT 5" - a mobile terminal remotely connected to the mother computer in the form of a motorcycle - and seeks help from his friend Mark Landry, telling him to contact “Eve”. Troops under the Andrews clone’s command accost the pair, and Todd dies in an escape attempt before he can fully explain everything to Mark. Mark manages to escapes with the MODAT 5, but unaware of its true significance, winds up merely using it as a prop in an amateur movie being shot by Kelly, a friend of his girlfriend, aspiring dancer Becky Michaels. Seeing a music video from popular idol Eve, Mark presumes that she was who Todd wanted to contact and telephones her talk show to tell her about the MODAT. The call is traced by Andrews’s men, leading to a freeway chase during which the bike automatically reconfigures into a humanoid mecha form to fend off Mark\'s attackers. Mark proceeds to sneak into the TV studio from which Eve’s show is broadcast and discovers that the singer is not a real person at all, but a holographic projection. Eve explains that she is the artificial intelligence of the SDF-1’s computer, and informs Mark of the Masters\' plan. Eve leads Mark to the Robotech Research Center, where Mark engages and defeats “Andrews” in a mecha battle, but accidentally lets slip the existence of Kelly’s film footage of the MODAT. Escaping, Mark attempts to warn Becky, but his recent distractedness has alienated her, and it is not until he rescues her from being sexually assaulted by an unscrupulous dance show director that the pair reconcile. ASC forces under the command of Rolf Emerson stage another attack on the Masters’ fleet, and again meet with failure thanks to Andrews using the mother computer to feed them bad data and control their movements. When a concerned technician reports Andrews’s suspicious actions to Professor Embry, head of the Ministry of Computer Sciences, the computer is ordered to be shut down. Andrews stages a coup and takes control of the Japanese government, ordering the computer reactivated and the transmission of its database resumed. Amid the chaos of the coup, Kelly is killed by Andrews’s men and her film of the MODAT is stolen. Realizing the threat Andrews poses, Embry prepares to depart for Alaska Base, location of a secondary terminal that will allow him to take control of the computer, but is delayed by waiting for his daughter Stacy – Kelly’s roommate – to join him. The Masters’ flagship descends to Earth and they deliver an ultimatum to the ASC, but in doing so, reveal the link between the computer and their vessel. Exploiting the link to discern a weak spot in the Masters’ defenses, the ASC is able to cripple their flagship, and when it crashes, the rest of the fleet retreats. Simultaneously, Mark, seeking revenge, attacks the research center to flush out Andrews. Defeated and left for dead by Andrews, who departs to intercept Embry, Mark is contacted through the wrecked MODAT by Eve, who directs him to commandeer a prototype space fighter that carries him to the airport just in time to save Embry and Stacy from Andrews’s attack. Transforming the space fighter to robot mode, Mark has one final battle with Andrews that ends with him killing the clone and triumphantly reuniting with Becky.'] ['The movie begins when Gohan and Oolong search for the Dragon Balls that have all been gathered in the frozen Tsumisumbri Mountains, but before they reach them, Shenron is summoned by Dr. Kochin who wishes that his mentor, Dr. Wheelo, to be released from his icy prison. Gohan and Oolong are then attacked by Kochin\'s Biomen, but are saved by Piccolo. As Gohan and Oolong escape however, Piccolo is captured by Dr. Kochin\'s three Bio-Warriors. Later, Master Roshi is faced by Dr. Kochin\'s Biomen and defeats them all in battle, but the Biomen kidnap Master Roshi and Bulma, thinking that Roshi is the world\'s strongest and a suitable body for Dr. Wheelo, whose own body was destroyed, leaving him only as a brain. Roshi is tested by Dr. Kochin\'s three Bio Warriors, and proves to be worthy, but is ultimately defeated. Bulma inadvertently reveals that Goku is the strongest, just as the Earth\'s hero approaches the fortress on the Nimbus Cloud to save his friends. As soon as Goku arrives, he is attacked by the Bio Warrior Misokatsun, who has a large rubber body. After knocking him down, Goku races inside the fortress and is attacked by large flying balls with spikes. After dodging several of them, Goku fires rapid energy blasts and destroys all of the spikes. Misokattsun then attacks again, but Goku uses the Kaioken attack and flies right through the Bio-Warrior, deflating him. On the higher level, Goku is attacked by Kishime and Ebifurya, and holds his own for a while, but is then shocked by Kishime\'s electric rods and frozen solid by Ebifurya\'s icy attack. Gohan and Krillin then arrive to help, but are soon shocked and frozen also. However, Goku uses the Kaioken again, freeing him from his icy prison, and he easily takes out the two Bio-Warriors. They then arrive at Dr. Wheelo\'s lab where Bulma is being held, but run into Piccolo, who has been brainwashed. Goku and Piccolo then fight each other, but Gohan\'s anger causes the mind-controlling device on Piccolo to break. Dr. Kochin tries to shoot Krillin and Bulma with his machine gun-arm, but is beaten by Roshi. Dr. Wheelo then breaks out of the wall, revealing his brain to be inside a huge robot and destroying Kochin in the process, revealing him to be a robot as well. Goku, Gohan, Krillin, Piccolo, and Roshi then fight Dr. Wheelo together, but are unable to win. Goku refuses to give up however, and he decides then to attack Dr. Wheelo with the Kaioken x3. He manages to break Dr. Wheelo\'s right arm off and is about to finish him off with the Kamehameha wave when Dr. Wheelo counters it with a blast of his own. Right as Dr. Wheelo is about to win the beam struggle however, Goku uses the Kaioken x4. He then overpowers Dr. Wheelo\'s blast and shoots him through his laboratory\'s ceiling, into space. The Castle gets destroyed, with Goku panting as his shirt gets torn off. All is thought to be over but Dr. Wheelo is still alive and well. Goku senses this and decides the only way to kill Dr. Wheelo is to form a Spirit Bomb. Dr. Wheelo then begins to rain blasts of energy down from space from his claw, which ends up hitting Goku while he is making his Spirit Bomb. This sends Gohan into a rage, and he starts to fly up into the atmosphere to attack Dr. Wheelo, who is already on his way down to earth. Piccolo arrives to assist Gohan, as does Krillin. Gohan and Piccolo stop Dr. Wheelo\'s descent while Krillin attempts to attack him to no avail. Piccolo attacks Dr. Wheelo with a mouth beam, severely cracking his visor. Back on Earth, Goku is still alive and he launches the Spirit Bomb up into space. Dr. Wheelo out of anger then attempts to destroy the entire planet with the energy built up in his laboratory\'s power core. He fires off a massive red laser from his entire body down to earth, but Goku\'s Spirit Bomb collides with the laser, bursting through it, and it hits Dr. Wheelo. He is sent spiraling off into space on a jagged wave of energy where he explodes multiple times until he is no more. In the aftermath of the battle, Piccolo responds to Goku and the others\' celebration by saying Gohan deserved all the credit, and the movie ends with everyone laughing  at how Dr. Wheelo thought that Master Roshi was the strongest man in the world.  {{nihongo}} is a brilliant scientist who performed experiments in biotechnology. He is the primary antagonist of the movie The World\'s Strongest. His name is a pun on "Uiro", a type of Japanese cake. Dr. Wheelo\'s ultimate goal was to modify the human race using his science. He was about to die before he could realize his goal, but Dr. Kochin, his faithful servant, saved his brain and turned him into a cyborg. Unfortunately for them, their fortress became stuck under ice with Wheelo inside. Dr. Kochin came through for his creator a second time fifty years later when he gathered the Dragon Balls and wished for Shenron to thaw the ice-enshrouded fortress. Freed from his frozen sleep, Dr. Wheelo became obsessed with finding the world\'s strongest man, but his own brain might be transplanted into it. He sent Kochin and Bio-Men to find this man, and at first they thought it was Master Roshi, but when Kishime, Misokatsun and Ebifurya  easily beat Roshi, Dr. Wheelo started to doubt they had the right person. He then went after Goku\'s body. When Dr. Wheelo\'s further attempts to subdue Goku met with failure , the enraged scientist decided to kill him and all his friends. When that also failed, Dr. Wheelo decided to just concentrate the energy contained within his laboratory\'s power core to fire a gigantic wave and destroy the entire world. Goku was able to form a Spirit Bomb and used it to overpower Dr. Wheelo\'s attack and destroy the robotic scientist for good. Dr. Wheelo also appears on the Dragon Ball Z: Fusion Reborn poster, but he is not featured in the movie.'] [' In a futuristic Tokyo, unique human beings who have awakened distinct powers are being hunted by a secret organization named Custos. Known as "Attractors", these exceptional humans are joining forces to defend themselves. They are led by a boy named Quon, an idealist who is determined to save all the Attractors he can.'] ['A revolutionary takes over a remote school, makes it into a prison, and attempts to convert its students into terrorists. A young yoyo-wielding "delinquent" student named Saki seeks to stop this with the help of her friends. However they must first lead all the students to safety.'] ["Before the film, Moomin and his parents Moominpappa and Moominmamma had moved to Moominvalley and built their house. Moomin, Little My and Sniff went to the beach to find shells for Moomimamma who wanted them to adorn her flowerbeds. During the trip Sniff found a cave. On the same evening it was raining, Moominmamma gave Moomintroll a pearl to could give to anyone he cared for. Moomin knew she thought of a girl, and didn't believe it would happen. Surprisingly, Muskrat asked for a place to stay because his home on the riverbank had been destroyed, where Moominpappa had build a bridge on the same day. Muskrat, a philosopher, had smelled something strange recently, and argued that the current rain was unnatural. The next day, Muskrat's words come true, because the rain was black and according to Muskrat that it was soot from space. To the entire people of the valley, he notes that the Final Judgment would fall upon them on. Later on the same day at the dinner table, he tells the Moomins about galaxies, their homeworld, and its fate. He believes that a threat is coming from space. Moominpappa gets the idea about the astronomical observatory in the Lonely mountains, where a telescope can see far into space. The next morning, Moomin, Little My and Sniff leave the valley toward the Lonely mountains. On the way they meet Snufkin for the first time when he played the harmonica in a tent close to the river. Snufkin had heard about the comet which could crush to earth at any time, and joins the group. On the way he also tells of an old crater that is filled with garnets. Later, Sniff visits the crater, to get garnets for himself. But a large granite monster attacks him, which Sniff survives through luck and losing all his food at the same time. After that they climb the steep mountains towards the observatory, while Moomin finds a golden anklet. Snufkin knows that the anklet belongs to the Snork Maiden, who also was probably traveling with his brother to the observatory and investigate the comet. They arrive at the astronomical observatory, where they find out the comet will be colliding after two days. On the way back to home, Moomin saves the Snork Maiden and her brother Snork from the jaws of a carnivorous tree. Both join the group. On the way they cross the bottom of the ocean, which comet has sucked dry. There Sniff finds an old pocket knife and the Snorkmaiden saves Moomintroll and Snufkin from a giant octopus in a sunken ship. They eventually reach the Moominvalley where all residents are seeking shelter because of the comet. After that Moomin and friends meet a Hemul who is a philatelist. After having survived a hurricane, they arrive to the Moomin House, where Moominpapa and Moominmamma were waiting, and start celebrate Moomin's birthday. Then they decide to move to Sniff's cave. Sniff is lost during the move when he saw the kitten and he was followed him by with a piece of Moomin's birthday cake. The comet was already approaching the valley, but Moomin and Snufkin tried to find Sniff and eventually found him in the last minute. The comet was almost crashing the earth, but changes the direction of upward rotation of the circle from it. Many hours later, the sun returns to shine and the sea comes back and all Moomins and their friends are celebrating it on the beach. At same time Moomin give the Snork Maiden the pearl which he got from Moominmama at the beginning of the film. He gets a kiss in return from the Snork Maiden."] ["Prince Yosho met a young girl during the annual Startica celebration on Jurai. It turns out that the girl is actually a demon named Yuzuha and was driven away by the palace guards. Seven hundred years later, Yuzuha wakes up and discovers that Yosho is alive and on Earth celebrating Christmas with the family. Yuzuha believes Tenchi Masaki thinks he is prince charming due to the fact he is surrounded by a group of women. So, she decides to send Tenchi a present. She obtains a lock of Tenchi's hair and takes a piece of her own and places it in a container. Six months later during summer; while walking down the steps of the shrine, Tenchi meets a teenage girl named Mayuka, who calls him daddy. Tenchi takes the girl back to the house where she introduces herself as Tenchi's daughter. This, however, angers Ryoko and she attacks Mayuka, who defends herself by summoning a faux-Lighthawk Sword; but before she can attack, Katsuhito stops her. Washu tells the group that Tenchi is in fact Mayuka's father and suspects that she is from the future. Mayuka takes Tenchi away from the gang and tries to transport him to Yuzuha. Before she is able to, Ryoko breaks the trance and carries Mayuka away. Katsuhito finds Mayuka and brings her back to the house, where she once again tries to bring Tenchi to Yuzuha. Katsuhito and Washu interferes and Mayuka runs off into the forest. Yuzuha erases Mayuka's memories and takes Sasami hostage, which leads Tenchi and Ryoko enter Yuzuha's world so they can rescue Sasami. Mayuka attacks Ryoko and injures her. She then attacks Tenchi but after hearing Sasami telling her that the whole group loves her, she breaks free of Yuzuha's control and assaults her. Yuzuha kills Mayuka for her betrayal and transforms into a giant creature, but Ayeka appears and gives Tenchi a branch from the Tree of Light. He transforms, defeats Yuzuha, and they return home with Mayuka's crystal. During the ending credits, it is shown that Washu recreated Mayuka from the crystal as a baby."] ["Brought together by the mysterious Dr. Tarsan, four powerful psychic warriors Mia Alice, Lamba Nom, Pai Thunder, and Rol Kran can unite four powerful planes to form Dangaioh - the most powerful weapon in the universe. Using their combined psionic force, the Dangaioh team alone can stop the bloody tyranny of Captain Garimoth and Gil-Berg. The team hopes their psychogenic wave will be strong enough to destroy Garimoth's evil henchman, the notorious Gil-Berg, who has sworn by the taking of his right eye to utterly destroy the Dangaioh team. Along with the threat of Gil-Berg, the Dangaioh team must also avoid falling foul of Garimoth's trickery which finds weakness in their forgotten pasts."] ['The movie is set in the near-future in a large underground prison at a former nuclear test site in Utah known as Neo Purgatory, where the characters of Maki , Naomi , Doris , Marilyn , and Katherine  make up an all-female mercenary outfit called the "Guard of Rose" and acting as a guard patrol. The prisoners, many of whom are mutated by the ambient radiation, are left to their own devices, but a criminal known as Donn Canyon  and his family take control of the prison and declare war upon the world by gaining control of the American orbital nuclear missile platform and vowing the "purify the world with radiation" in a nuclear holocaust. After an abortive attempt by the United States and Soviet militaries to assault the prison, the Guard of Rose is tasked with infiltrating and defeating the Canyon family to preserve global peace.'] ['{{plot|dateBackground27&seriescode=NGE Invid Carrier specifications] at Robotech.com. before they can launch their fighters. REF fighter squadrons, armed with advanced weaponry and utilizing the Shadow technology that makes them invisible to the Invid sensors, easily cripple the first wave of the Invid attack. On the ground, the resistance forces and REF commando units push forward and approach within striking distance of Reflex Point. However, the Invid Regis, obsessed with holding on to Earth no matter the cost, launches all of her remaining forces in one final attack wave. All Invid fighters capable of space combat are sent against the REF fleet and all remaining Invid ground forces are ordered to retreat to Reflex Point for a last stand. When Reinhardt tries to get an update from the ground forces, he makes contact with resistance leader Scott Bernard, a survivor of one of the previous failed REF assaults. Scott informs Reinhardt that the attack is going poorly and that the REF ground forces have been forced to halt their advance while still out of range of Reflex Point. Ending the communication, Scott meets with Ariel, an Invid princess that looks like a young human woman, and Scott\'s love interest. Ariel hopes to convince her mother, the Invid Regis, that the humans and the Invid can live in peace. However, the Regis is skeptical of Ariel\'s words as she recognizes the Humans\' new Shadow technology as something used by an ancient enemy of the Invid &mdash; the "Children of the Shadow", and remains determined to fight to the bitter end. In space, REF fighter squadrons, despite their technological advantages, become overwhelmed by sheer Invid numbers and begin taking heavy losses. Invid fighters begin punching through the frontlines of the fleet and attacking the REF capital ships, further straining the ability of the REF to continue the battle. General Reinhardt is informed that the fleet, in particular the fighter squadrons, are taking heavy losses and further attempts to contact the ground forces but gets no response. Meanwhile, more Invid Carriers arrive in orbit, and begin launching thousands more fighters against the already overwhelmed REF fleet. With the ground offensive stalled and the REF fleet hopelessly outnumbered, Reinhardt authorizes the use of Neutron-S missiles, but is unaware of the missiles\' true power. However, the Regis\' daughter Ariel finally convinces her mother to leave Earth rather than allow both races to be destroyed. This request, combined with the Regis\' knowledge of the true power of the Neutron-S missiles, convinces the Regis that her race no longer belongs on Earth. She realizes that the REF has been fooled - if the REF had known how powerful the missiles were, they never would have used them. The Regis transforms the Invid race into a massive phoenix of pure energy, in the same manner by which the Invid first arrived on Earth, and ascends into the sky. As a parting gift to Ariel, who chooses to remain behind, the Regis destroys the Neutron-S missiles. The Invid stream of light flies off into space in search of a new planet on which to continue their evolution, thus ending the Third Robotech War. Meanwhile, in the Omicron sector, the Icarus arrives and locates the SDF-3 near a newly-created black hole. The Icarus barely escapes the massive gravational pull of the black hole - but sustains damage to all of its Shadow technology, including the Shadow device and its Syncro-Cannon. A sensor scan then reveals that both the SDF-3 and the science vessel Deukalion, have been badly damaged by an accident involving the testing of the new Neutron-S missiles. Captain Vince Grant makes contact with Admiral Rick Hunter, who explains that they have discovered a critical flaw with the Neutron-S missiles and that the REF must be warned that the missiles cannot be used on Earth under any circumstances. He also orders Grant to take the Deukalion, which has recorded critical information. After securing the Deukalion with the Icarus clamps, Grant moves the Icarus close to the SDF-3 so that its hyperspatial fold-sphere will encompass both ships and enable them to return to Earth. However, a group of unknown alien warships attack the Icarus. Just as the they are about to initiate the fold-sphere, one of the alien vessels rams the SDF-3, pushing it out of range of the sphere and toward the black hole. Grant, following Hunter\'s orders that the REF must be warned about the true nature of the missiles, engages the Icaruss hyperfold drive and races back to Earth. The SDF-3 is left behind, adrift in space and caught in the black hole\'s gravitational pull. With the battle over, the REF orders its damaged ships to Space Station Liberty for repairs. Since Earth will be vulnerable while the REF rebuilds, the fighter squadrons will remain at Moon Base ALUCE. However, the Invid took all of the Protoculture with them and the REF only has enough power to last a little less than a year. The only way to generate more power is with the Protoculture Matrix on board the SDF-3. Due to the heavy losses , Wolf Squadron, home of Marcus Rush and Alex Romero, is folded into Maia Sterling\'s Skull Squadron. Back on Earth, Scott is surprised to find that Ariel has stayed behind. Despite his feelings for her, Scott decides to leave and try and convince the REF leadership that humanity can co-exist with the Invid. As he flies to the main REF base at Moon Base ALUCE , he stumbles upon the just-arrived Icarus, and several unknown alien fighters that it accidentally brought with it. He helps the Icarus against the fighters, and then escorts it to ALUCE. Once there, he is reunited with Marcus, who is the younger brother of Scott\'s late fiancée, Marlene, who was killed in a previous REF assault two years earlier. Marcus is overjoyed to see Scott again, and Scott is impressed that Marcus has become a skilled fighter pilot. However, Marcus\' joy at seeing Scott again is soon tempered when Scott confirms that Marlene did not survive. The Deukalion is examined, and the only surviving crew member is Janice Em, an android that uses a holographic overlay that makes her look like a young woman. Louie Nichols, a scientist and veteran of the Second Robotech War, takes Janice to the science lab, and the two go over the test data to try and figure out what went wrong with the missile test. While there, Louie learns from Janice that the Haydonites aided the REF because they\'d also suffered greatly at the hands of the Invid. Janice herself is a combination of Human and Haydonite technology, built to act as an emissary for the two races, as the Haydonites prefer not to deal with outsiders directly . Ariel, after using her teleportation power to travel to Moon Base ALUCE, suddenly walks up behind Scott, and surprises him. In an empty room, Ariel informs Scott that the reason she came to see him was because she had a vision. The Children of the Shadow are planning on attacking the REF. The Children destroyed the first Invid homeworld because they fear the power of Protoculture, and they will attack the Humans for the same reason. The discussion is interrupted by Marcus and Alex, and Marcus realizes that Ariel is an Invid. Scott is arrested and interrogated, where he warns of the impending attack, and reveals the Children\'s connection to the new REF technologies. Reinhardt and Vince watch on a monitor in another room. The name Scott uses for the alien race is unfamiliar, while Reinhardt suspects that the warning is an attempt by the Invid to drive a wedge between the REF and the Haydonites. Suddenly, all contact with Space Station Liberty is lost. When the Icarus arrives, Liberty is under attack by a large fleet of alien ships which have jammed all communications. The battle is going poorly for the REF; capital ships are being destroyed with just one hit by a disrupter wave emitted by the enemy fleet which causes the new Synchro-Cannons to overload and explode. Instead of charging into the battle, Vince sends Skull Squadron to collect information. While flying through the REF fleet, Skull Squadron records an REF carrier destroyed due to a single hit on its reflex furnace. Scans reveal that the Shadow device on the carrier caused its reflex furnace to implode when triggered by the enemy\'s disrupter wave. Janice sees the footage, and realizes that such an event should be impossible, due to the Shadow technology incorporated in all REF vessels. It then becomes clear that the Haydonites are in fact the mysterious Children of the Shadow, and that Ariel\'s warning was true. By now, 89% of the REF forces that engaged the Haydonites at Liberty have been destroyed. Captain Vince Grant, after watching the carrier explode, slams his fist as he realizes that every piece of technology the Haydonites have given to the REF contains some kind of Trojan Horse. Grant, suspecting that Janice may also be aligned with the Haydonites, orders her arrested and removed from the bridge. Unable to restore communications, Grant is unable to warn the remaining ships of these findings, and they are left to fight a hopeless battle. Maia Sterling initially leads her Skull Squadron into battle, but is called back  and is ordered to head to Space Station Liberty, and try to acquire fighters that don\'t incorporate Haydonite technology. As they approach Liberty, the squadron is pursued by Haydonite fighters. Alex Romero tries to engage them but his Syncro-Cannon, crippled by the Haydonite attack, malfunctions and his fighter becomes stalled. Despite the pleas of Maia and Marcus for Alex to eject, he flies into the enemy squadron as his fighter explodes, destroying himself and the enemy fighters. Maia is visibly upset by Alex\'s sacrifice while Marcus, who was Alex\'s best friend, is completely devastated. Since the Icarus, which is equipped with Shadow technology, is no longer a viable ship, Vince orders the Icarus to dock with Space Station Liberty. Louie scans Liberty\'s ship registry for capital ships that have no Shadow technology but finds only one: the massive colony ship Ark Angel. Vince orders the evacuation of all station personnel to the Ark Angel, and gives Louie one hour to get the ship\'s inactive reflex furnace online. Ariel uses her teleportation power to assist in the evacuation after transporting Louie and his team immediately to the Ark Angel. In the meantime, Skull Squadron has located brand-new prototype Advanced Shadow Fighters that haven\'t had the Shadow technology installed yet, and Maia promises to buy time for the evacuation. As Janice is taken to a detention area, two Haydonite soldiers blast into the hallway and confront her. After Janice refuses to cooperate, the soldiers decide she is now expendable. Just then, Scott Bernard appears in combat armor and opens fire, killing one of the soldiers. The remaining soldier then removes his cloak, revealing the true form of the Haydonites. As it flies toward Scott, Grant also in combat armor, appears and opens fire, mortally wounding it. Realizing that Janice was also betrayed by the Haydonites , Grant asks her to continue to serve with the REF, to which Janice readily agrees. Scott and Vince board Cyclones, and prepare to head into the space station. Liberty has the remaining stockpile of Neutron-S missiles, and Vince sets one to self-destruct. The Ark Angel is able to depart as planned, with the Icarus following closely. The Haydonites, unaware of Grant\'s plan, move their fleet towards Liberty to destroy the Ark Angel as Skull Squadron continues to engage the Haydonite fighters. During the battle, Maia\'s fighter takes damage and she is forced to eject. Marcus uses his fighters\' robotic hands to grab Maia\'s ejection pod and throw it towards the Ark Angel as it prepares to enter a spacefold. Marcus, deciding he has no reason to live, holds down his weapon triggers and launches a suicide run against the Haydonites to hold them off long enough for Ark Angel to escape. Just as the Ark Angel initiates a spacefold, the Neutron-S warheads detonate with a massive explosion, destroying Liberty and the entire Haydonite fleet. Marcus sees a white light and has a vision of his sister Marlene, who tells him it is not his time to die and that she will always be with him. Marcus begs her not to leave him, before he wakes up on board the Ark Angel, with Ariel by his side. Ariel then reveals that she used her teleportation power to save him. Marcus, almost angrily, asks Ariel why she saved his life, since he has so much hatred for the Invid. Ariel simply tells him "hatred can only breed more hatred. It is not what we seek... any of us" and Marcus is left at a loss for words. As the Ark Angel approaches Earth, Maia and Marcus console each other over the recent events. Marcus is despondent as he states that everyone he has been close to; his sister Marlene, his former commanding officer  and his best friend  have been taken by war. Maia is also despondent as she states that most of her family was aboard the SDF-3, which is lost in space and may have been destroyed. Maia puts her head on Marcus\' shoulder and the two look out a viewport as the Ark Angel flies over Earth\'s surface, which neither of them has seen until now. General Reinhardt gives Vince his new orders: Vince and his crew are to take the Ark Angel and attempt to locate the SDF-3, which may not have been destroyed as initially thought. As Scott and Ariel share a kiss, Louie does his best to reassure a confused and uncertain Janice that "We will win."'] ['In the prologue, a scientist named Tonio is reading a diary which belonged to a famous architect named Godey, his great-grandfather, indicating that two Pokémon between their dimension are fighting, and that the battle could lead to chaos. Those written future events are occurring at that same moment as Palkia, who can distort space and Dialga, who rules over time are brawling, which causes the hourglass in Tonio\'s lab to fall and shatter. Ash, Brock, and Dawn are headed to Alamos Town for the next Pokémon contest. However, they realize that Alamos is in the middle of a small lake. Tired, they are greeted by Alice and her Chimchar from Alamos who offer them a hot air balloon ride. Brock falls for her and his Croagunk Jabs him. Alice is a tour guide as well as a music student who plays the leaf whistle. On their way, the battle between the dimensions continues and causes a massive air current shockwave. Alice then offers a tour of the town. Later on, Alice brings them to a garden in which many Pokémon reside in peace and where Alice played at as a little girl. Ash, Brock, and Dawn let all their Pokémon free and they run off to do their own things, which then later goes from happiness to chaos. Once the Pokémon begin to quarrel, along with the garden Pokémon present, Alice calms them down playing a soothing song using the leaf whistle, later on revealing that she had learned the song from her grandmother . Shortly after a Gallade hops right into the scene. Alice indicates that Gallade senses something wrong and thus, the Gallade requests Ash and the rest of them to follow him. The trio recalls their Pokémon and they pursuit the Gallade, ending up at a small temple with some of its pillars damaged. A man named Baron Alberto walks out of the tunnel, claiming that was the work of Darkrai. The name Darkrai puzzles Ash and Dawn, but Brock mentions that Darkrai is a Pokémon who causes nightmares. Everyone hears a noise from a bush nearby and Baron orders his Lickilicky to fire a Hyper Beam attack into the bush. However, the victim was Tonio who screams and limps out of the bush. Alice quickly hurries to Tonio\'s pain. Tonio is introduced to Ash, Brock, and Dawn. Baron soon flirts with Alice stating that she is to be his wife. Brock is deeply shocked as well as the rest of them. Alice rejects and runs to Tonio claiming that she likes him. Tonio blushes and tries not to deny anything. Not too long after, Darkrai appears in the garden growling "Go away!" Everyone assumes Darkrai is directing to them. Ignoring Darkrai, Baron orders Lickilicky to attack the Dark Pokémon, which misses while Darkrai fires a Dark Void at his enemy. Baron\'s Lickilicky dodges the attack and the orb of dark impales Ash, instantly knocking him out to sleep and subsequently, trapping him in a nightmare. The nightmare shows Palkia moving up to Ash and then goes to attack him. This delivers Ash to a part of the garden. After learning the dream is Darkrai\'s doing and Darkrai appears in front of him, Ash reaches for a Poké Ball and tosses it, but it vanishes into thin air. Then, Darkrai disappears to reveal Pikachu, who is about to get devoured by a vacuum hole. Ash dives into the hole to rescue Pikachu. Having failed, he and his Pikachu drop into a neverending fall. He is then awakened by Pikachu\'s Thunderbolt at the Pokémon Center. At night, Tonio tries to find more information in which he succeeds. He reads that Darkrai had opened his heart to Alice\'s grandmother years ago and remains in the garden since then, with Godey witnessing a little bit on the side as she plays the leaf whistle. Meanwhile, Baron meets three TV people who are actually Team Rocket who decide to film Baron as he takes on Darkrai. The next morning, Ash, Brock, and Dawn visit the Space-Time Towers in town, meeting Tonio there with some news. They climb to the top to be introduced to a massive instrument which plays music by the hour. As Ash and the rest of the group leave the Space-Time Towers, a hole blasts out in the middle of the sky just above the towers which then cools off. A massive shockwave has purged through the entire town and Tonio decides to study the sudden outburst. Afterwards, Darkrai reappears in the courtyard while Ash and company  engage in combat with it. Darkrai is outraged and fires multiple loads of Dark Void orbs, placing many Pokémon in the town square into nightmares. Back at Tonio\'s lab after some intensive research, he finds that the sudden outburst was when the legendary Palkia had entered their dimension, but he did not know why. Ash and Baron chase Darkrai into a dark alley where the Dark Pokémon scores a direct hit on Baron\'s Lickilicky, causing it to doze off. Just then, Baron is turned into a Lickilicky himself . With that occurring, floating ghost-like images of the sleeping Pokémon floated all around town, some passing through walls, causing the situation to grow quite strange. After all the Pokémon are at the Pokémon center, Alamos Town is completely covered in a massive fog which can not be cleared off and causes anything which attempts to leave the town to be reversibly entering the town, resulting in no possible escape. Baron still believes that it was still Darkrai who had caused all this. All the trainers follow Baron to confront Darkrai, but Ash, Brock, and Dawn do not go along listening to Tonio, who doesn\'t believe Darkrai is up to this. He believes Darkrai is good since he had saved Alice in their childhood. It is revealed that the two of them were playing in the garden when Alice tripped off the cliff and fell. Tonio ran to her  but a silhouette of Darkrai zipped out and caught Alice just before disappearing. Hearing that, the trio now agree that it was not Darkrai who caused the havoc. Tonio explains that the distortion caused from the spiritual images of the sleeping Pokémon was caused by an multidimensional disturbance from when Palkia entered the realm. Later that evening, Tonio finds Palkia resting between the towers. Darkrai, who was fighting Baron, instead tries to attack the resting Palkia. Ash then realizes that was what Darkrai was trying to tell him in his nightmare, that the two legendary Pokémon are waging war. As Palkia and Darkrai battle, Palkia switches the town back into its battle dimension . But as Palkia is about to hit Darkrai with one of its attacks, Dialga opens fire on the two and immediately runs into Palkia, thus continuing it. As they brawl, the entire town is going to dissipate into nothing . Darkrai constantly tries to fend them off as the town evacuates into the garden. After Tonio reads a passage from Godey\'s diary, Alice hears the word "Oración" which means Prayer in Spanish and that is the name of the song she plays on the leaf whistle. Tonio indicates that "Oración is the song that could soothe even the fiercest rage". They realize that they must play Oración on the towers\' musical instrument to stop Dialga and Palkia from their feud. After finding the music disc, Ash, Dawn, Alice and Tonio begin to head up the tower by balloon as Brock helps Nurse Joy evacuate the townspeople. On their way up, Dialga fires its Roar of Time while Palkia stands in between the balloon and Dialga. Palkia dodges the attack, leaving the beam to crossfire with the balloon. Darkrai instantly comes to the rescue and takes the massive blow from Dialga. However, in the process Palkia and Dialga fly by the balloon, causing heavy damage, and leaving Ash and Dawn to travel up by foot which will slow them down. Dialga and Palkia continue their confrontation and now they are going to deal the final blow. Dialga is charging its Roar of Time while Palkia charges it\'s Spacial Rend. When both the legendary Pokémon discharge their attacks, Darkrai crosses the attacks\' line and forms a sphere around him to block the attacks, engulfing and immobillizing Dialga and Palkia in the process. Baron, who had already turned back to himself due to the Pokémon awakening, then finally believes Darkrai is not the foe. As Ash and Dawn make their way up the tower, they watch as Darkrai\'s sphere gets weaker and eventually shrinks, causing Dialga and Palkia to break free. The dragons, fed up with the Dark Pokémon intervening with their battle, both shoot Darkrai from both sides. Having almost no armor or the energy left, he bravely takes the destructive blow and disintegrates as he floats up into the air. Everyone looks on with the fear that now that Darkrai had perished, they too would suffer the same fate in the next moment. Tonio then mentions that if the dragons\' signature moves collide once more, their dimension will be completely destroyed. Ash and Dawn then end up running to the musical instrument, only to find that the electrical power source is down . Ash\'s Pikachu uses Thunderbolt fully and Dawn\'s Pachirisu uses Discharge to get the machine running. The song plays loud throughout the small section of what\'s left of the town. The song successfully calms the dragons down, Dialga flies away and Palkia restores everything back, returning Alamos Town to how it originally was along with the townspeople and the Pokémon living in the garden. At dusk, Ash, Dawn, Brock, Alice and Tonio thank Darkrai and respect everything that he had done for them. A tear of condolence and thanks for Darkrai drips down Alice\'s face. Ash and Dawn began to cry, both believing they would probably never see Darkrai again. As they walk away, Ash stops as he sees a shadow on the cliffside. He along with everyone else looks back at the cliff. Later on the Space-Time Towers, they find Darkrai standing heroically on top. Everyone is relieved that he is safe and Alice cuddles next to Tonio as they look onto Darkrai who then glares with a lit up eye, as the film quickly fades. In the end credits, it shows the aftermath occurring after everything, such as the Pokémon contest which Dawn competes in. Not too long after, it shows Dialga hovering towards its next destination awaiting a battle, which will start the next adventure Ash, Dawn and Brock will face.'] ['{{right}} In 1958, the Kusakabe family reunites when a university professor and his two daughters, Satsuki and Mei  move into an old house in rural Japan to be closer to the hospital where their mother is recovering from an unnamed, long-term illness. The daughters find that the house is inhabited by tiny animated dust creatures called susuwatari — small, dark, dust-like house spirits seen when moving from light to dark places. When the girls become comfortable in their new house and laugh with their father, the soot spirits  leave the house to drift away on the wind. It is implied that they are going to find another empty house--their natural habitat. While she is playing outside one day, Mei sees two white, rabbit-like ears in the grass. She follows the ears under the house where she discovers two small magical creatures , who lead her through a briar patch and into the hollow of a large camphor tree. She meets and befriends a larger version of the same kind of spirit , which identifies itself by a series of roars that she interprets as "Totoro" (in the original Japanese [[Dubbing .{{cite web}} She falls asleep atop the large totoro, but when Satsuki finds her, she is on the ground in a dense briar clearing. Despite her many attempts, Mei is unable to show her family Totoro\'s tree. Her father comforts her by telling her that this is the "keeper of the forest," and that Totoro will reveal himself when he wants to. One rainy night, the girls are waiting for their father\'s bus and grow worried when he does not arrive on the bus they expect him on. As they wait, Mei eventually falls asleep on Satsuki\'s back and Totoro appears beside them, allowing Satsuki to see him for the first time. He only has a leaf on his head for protection against the rain, so Satsuki offers him the umbrella she had taken along for her father. Totoro is delighted at both the shelter and the sounds made upon it by falling raindrops. In return, he gives her a bundle of nuts and seeds. A bus-shaped giant cat halts at the stop, and Totoro boards it, taking the umbrella. Shortly after, their father’s bus arrives. The girls plant the seeds. A few days later, they awaken at midnight to find Totoro and his two miniature colleagues engaged in a ceremonial dance around the planted nuts and seeds. The girls join in, whereupon the seeds sprout, and then grow and combine into an enormous tree. Totoro takes his colleagues and the girls for a ride on a magical flying top. In the morning, the tree is gone, but the seeds have indeed sprouted. The girls find out that a planned visit by their mother has to be postponed because of a setback in her treatment. Satsuki takes this very hard, having reached the age where she fully understands the concept of death. Frustrated and frightened, she yells at Mei, then stomps away. Mei, believing that her mother can be cured by healthy food, sets off on foot to the hospital with an ear of corn. Mei\'s disappearance prompts Satsuki and the neighbors to search for her. Eventually, Satsuki returns in desperation to the camphor tree and pleads for Totoro\'s help. Delighted to be of assistance, he summons the Catbus, which carries her to where the lost Mei sits. Having rescued her, the Catbus then whisks her and Satsuki over the countryside to see their mother in the hospital. The girls perch in a tree outside of the hospital, overhearing a conversation between their parents and discovering that she has been kept in hospital by a minor cold and is otherwise doing well. They secretly leave the ear of corn on the windowsill, where it is discovered by the parents, and return home on the Catbus. When the Catbus departs, it fades away from the girls\' sight. The closing credits show Mei and Satsuki\'s mother returning home and feature scenes of Satsuki and Mei playing with other children, with Totoro and his friends as unseen observers.'] ['Enter the tale of the Crusher Council, a group of rugged individuals known for assignments ranging from transportation to terraforming and everything in between. In the early days of space exploration the Crushers took on the job of destroying asteroids and defining space lanes. Because of their work, they were nicknamed "Crushers" which eventually became their business moniker. Despite the rough and ready nature of the Crushers\' work, they subscribe to a few steadfast rules. Unethical and illegal assignments are taboo, and any Crusher accepting one is barred from the Union. Of course, this presents problems for shady clients who try to trick the Crushers into accepting misleading assignments. They know that once the Union accepts a case the Crushers are honor-bound to follow it through. Among the various worlds, the Crusher Council has a stunning reputation, and among the Crushers, the most elite team is the one led by Crusher Dan and his successor, Crusher Joe.'] ['One Christmas Eve in present day Tokyo, three homeless people &mdash; {{nihongo}}, a middle-aged alcoholic, {{nihongo}}, a transwoman and former drag queen, and {{nihongo}}, a runaway girl &mdash; discover an abandoned newborn while searching in some trash. Deposited with the unnamed baby is a note asking the finder to take good care of her and a bag containing clues to the parent\'s identity. The trio sets out to find the baby\'s parents. The baby is named Kiyoko, "pure child" as she is born on Christmas Eve. Outside a cemetery, the group encounters a high-ranking yakuza man trapped under his car. The man happens to know the owner of the club Kiyoko\'s mother used to visit; he is getting married to the man\'s daughter. At the wedding, the groom tells them that the baby\'s mother is a former club member named Sachiko. He gives them Sachiko\'s address, but the party is interrupted when a maid is revealed to be a Latin American hit man in disguise, attempting to shoot the bride\'s father with a Tokarev TT-33, the hit man kidnaps Miyuki and the baby and takes them back to his home. There, Miyuki befriends the hit man\'s wife and shows her some pictures of her family. Hana searches for Miyuki and Kiyoko while Gin takes care of an old homeless man whom he finds dying in the street. The old man dies after giving Gin a little red bag. Some teenagers show up to beat Gin and the deceased old man. Meanwhile, Hana finds the girls and they go off to find a place to stay. Hana takes them to a club she used to work at. Gin, who was found by another member of the club, is also there. The trio sets out to find Sachiko\'s house. They\'re informed of the unhappy marriage Sachiko shares with her husband. The group rests at a store until they are told to leave by the shopkeeper. Hana collapses and is taken to a hospital. At the hospital, Gin finds his daughter who works as a nurse. Hana humiliates Gin in front of his daughter and storms out of the hospital. Miyuki follows with Kiyoko. Hana and Miyuki find Sachiko about to jump off a bridge. Sachiko insists that her husband got rid of the baby without her knowledge, and they return it to her. Meanwhile, Gin finds Sachiko\'s husband, who reveals that Kiyoko is actually a baby that Sachiko stole from the hospital. The chase for Sachiko and the baby begins. After an intense car chase through the city, Miyuki follows Sachiko as she escapes to the top of a building. Sachiko tries to jump off the building, but her husband comes out of his apartment  and encourages her to start a new life. Sachiko jumps off nevertheless and accidentally drops the baby off of the building. Hana jumps after Kiyoko. She catches the baby and miraculously lands safely. Hana, Miyuki, and Gin are taken to the hospital. Miyuki hands Gin his cigarettes and drops the old man\'s small red bag on the floor, revealing a winning lottery ticket. Kiyoko\'s real parents want to ask the trio to become her godparents. When a police inspector introduce them to the trio, the inspector is revealed to be Miyuki\'s father.'] ['At the Cybertron base, Apache, informs the Cybertrons that an object is approaching Gaea. The Destrons also notice the spaceship. Galvatron and his brother Gigastorm discuss it, and Galvatron decides the ship is a positive sign. At the Maximal base, Apache notes the ship has landed at the North Pole. Lio Convoy sends him to investigate. Lio Junior asks to help, but the older Cybertrons tell him he is too young. Lio Convoy tells him to wait until the Cybertrons know what the spaceship is. Lio Junior feels Lio Convoy is "treating him like a kid". Tasmanian Kid proposes he go with Lio Junior to investigate. The other Cybertrons are displeased, but Tasmanian Kid says he will take responsibility for Lio Junior. Lio Convoy allows them to go. Lio Junior, Santon, Skywarp and Tasmanian Kid locate the ship, which is empty. The group searches inside the ship and, ignoring Skywarp\'s warnings, Lio Junior accidentally activates the ship. Skywarp quickly deactivates it and berates Lio Junior for his irresponsibility. Lio Junior later plays with more controls, activating the \'teleport gate\'. The Cybertrons wonder what a teleport gate is, and Tasmanian Kid explains it can summon any Transformer from history. Lio Junior finds the control unit, but not before the Destrons find them. Max B snatches the control unit. LioJunior pursues Max B against the warnings of Tasmanian Kid. Lio Junior engages the Destron army, who tease him. The other Cybertrons emerge from the ship and battle the Destrons. Lio Junior tells Santon and Skywarp to fuse with him, but they refuse. Lio Junior does not understand, and jumps back into battle. Lio Junior regains the control unit, but is outnumbered and takes a heavy beating. Hellscream fires a missile at him, but Tasmanian Kid jumps in the way, saving Lio Junior but injuring himself. Tasmanian Kid goes into stasis lock and the Destrons gain the upper hand. Lio Junior pleads with them to stop, but the Destrons ignore him. Before the Destrons can destroy Lio Junior, Cybertron reinforcements arrive and repel the Destrons. Diver and Scuba try comforting Tasmanian Kid, who is badly injured. Apache delivers Lio Junior to Lio Convoy, who says he is disappointed; Lio Junior was supposed to investigate the spaceship, not fight Destrons. Lio Junior says the Destrons would have taken control of the teleport gate had he not intervened. Lio Convoy asks if the teleport gate was worth risking his friends for, and Lio Junior says he has no friends. Lio Convoy asks what Lio Junior\'s reason for fighting is. Lio Convoy explains that Cybertrons fight for peace in the galaxy. This makes Lio Junior believe he is not a Cybertron, and he runs away, wanting to defeat the Destrons. The Cybertronbase/ship flies leaves with the crew, sans LioJunior, in it, worrying over Tasmanian Kid. The Destrons report to Galvatron that they need a control unit to use the teleport gate. HellScream tells Galvatron he has scouts searching for Lio Junior, who has the control unit. Lio Junior is confronted by Galvatron and the other Destrons. Galvatron tells Lio Junior the Destrons will protect him, but he has to give them the control unit. Galvatron claims that the gate will destroy the planet in an hour if he does not give Galvatron the control device. An injured Tasmanian Kid appears, telling Lio Junior not to believe Galvatron. Lio Junior decides that if he prevents the planet\'s destruction, Lio Convoy, Skywarp and Santon will respect him. He agrees to help the Destrons, and Galvatron fires on Tasmanian Kid. At the Destron base, Lio Junior hands the control unit to Galvatron, who instructs the Destrons to release the teleport gate. Galvatron orders Gigastorm to search for Megatron, the "greatest and most vicious Transformer in history." Lio Junior is placed in a holding cell. Tasmanian Kid tells the Cybertrons that LioJunior defected to the Destrons. Tasmanian Kid says it is not his fault, as he just wants to become a respected warrior. The Destrons make their way to the ship and Gigastorm says he found Megatron\'s wavelength. They attempt to summon Megatron, but a mysterious giant Destron appears. Galvatron orders Hellscream to discover the identity of the giant Transformer. Hellscream tells Galvatron that the Transformer is called Majin Zarak. Galvatron is pleased; his new warrior is much stronger than Megatron. Galvatron taunts Lio Junior, telling him he will show him the power of Majin Zarak. Majin Zarak, piloted by Galvatron, shoots an energy blast into the sea, causing it to splash up to Majin Zarak\'s head. Majin Zarak transforms into an aircraft carrier and leaves. The Cybertrons watch Majin Zarak cruise through the ocean, and look at diagrams of his vehicle and robot mode. Lio Convoy is alarmed, and orders the Cybertrons to move out. Majin Zarak is cruising through the water with the Destrons on him. As they approach land the Cybertron ship flies above them, and Galvatron fires multiple guns at the Cybertrons, who hover above him, unable to get closer. They land and prepare to attack Majin Zarak. Lio Junior escapes from his holding cell. Dirgegun and Thrustol chase after him. Before they catch up, Santon and Skywarp arrive to protect him. The trio form Magnaboss, but Dirgegun and Thrustol fire on Magnaboss before retreating. Magnaboss returns to the spaceship and tries to activate the teleport gate, but there is an error. Magnaboss connects wiring from his injury to the computer, and uses it to supercharge the teleport unit. He activates it but falls into stasis lock. A beast warrior surrounded by a golden aura emerges. The Destrons launch Hellscream from Majin Zarak; he fires upon the Cybertrons as Lio Convoy decides to face Majin Zarak, instructing the Cybertrons to back him up. The Autorollers attack Lio Convoy, but Apache defeats them. Max B charges at the Cybertrons, but is knocked into the air by Bighorn. Diver and Bighorn stun Hellscream. Scuba takes down Dirgegun. Dirgegun, Hellscream, Max B and Thrustol retreat. Lio Convoy charges at Majin Zarak. He boards Majin Zarak, blowing Gigastorm away. Galvatron transforms Majin Zarak, stunning Lio Convoy. Galvatron begins charging the cannons on Majin Zarak\'s back, and Lio Convoy tells the Cybertrons to run as far as possible. He hits all the Cybertrons, injuring them. Majin Zarak receives a Cybertron transmission, telling him to come to B-2, signed Convoy. He believes this was sent by Lio Convoy, and that he was not damaged by the blast. Majin Zarak leaves the battlefield. A voice speaks to Lio Convoy, who is under a pile of rocks, saying he has been summoned by Magnaboss to help the Cybertrons. Still glowing, it is revealed that the voice belongs to Optimus Primal. Lio Convoy breaks free of the rocks, finding Magnaboss waiting for him. He has rescued the Cybertrons. Tasmanian Kid arrives, saying he cannot sleep while the other Cybertrons fight. Primal joins the Cybertrons. Lio Convoy sends Scuba and Diver to use the base computer to search for Majin Zarak\'s weak point. Lio Convoy, Apache, Bighorn, Magnaboss and Kid prepare to fight Majin Zarak. The Insectrons confirm that Majin Zarak is heading to point B-2. Magnaboss notes that once Majin Zarak enters, he will not be able to leave because of the cliff-laden terrain. The Cybertrons head into battle. Majin Zarak and Galvatron arrive at point B-2. Galvatron calls for Lio Convoy to come out. Lio Convoy calls out from above, and to Galvatron\'s awe, Convoy stands next to him. Galvatron is angry, asking why Convoy came. Convoy tells him that he came to defeat him. Galvatron realises that the \'Convoy\' who sent the transmission was the same one. Majin Zarak charges, and Magnaboss and Kid combine their power. Magnaboss pushes against Majin Zarak, bringing him to a halt. He then picks him up and hurls him backward. Majin Zarak comes crashing down, and Galvatron falls out. He lands on a small ship with Gigastorm and flies off. Scuba tells the Cybertrons that even though Galvatron is not piloting it, Majin Zarak was alive the whole time, and is now acting on its own. Majin Zarak fires at Magnaboss and Kid, knocking them over. Convoy, Lio Convoy, Apache and Bighorn fire on Majin Zarak to no avail. As the combat continues, Diver radios Convoy and Lio Convoy, telling them Majin Zarak\'s weak point is the third eye on his forehead. The two Convoys power up. Lio Convoy is now Flash Lio Convoy, and Convoy is now Burning Convoy. Burning Convoy rides Flash Lio Convoy to Majin Zarak\'s third eye. Burning Convoy drives his fist into Majin Zarak\'s third eye. Flash Lio Convoy and Burning Convoy open their Matrix compartments, combining forces in an ultimate Double Matrix Blaster attack. It hits Majin Zarak directly in the eye, destroying him. The Cybertrons agree that the gate was sent to Gaea by whoever made it to be destroyed, due to a flaw in it that can be used to destroy the universe. Convoy returns through the teleport gate, and the Cybertrons destroy it to protect the universe.'] ['In a series of flashbacks played in reverse chronological order it is related that in 1939, young investigated a series of murders in Eastern Europe. , a vampiress who bathed in the blood of innocents to stay young, and sold her soul to the Queen of Witches, the goddess Hecate, was responsible, and had just kidnapped the fiancee of one of the townsmen. When the search party confronted Erzebet in her castle, all members of the party were horribly killed, and Bruttenholm was left to face her alone. He tricked her into the sunlight, effectively destroying her. In present the present day, an elderly Bruttenholm, who is overcome with memories of his encounter with Erzebet takes a particular interest in a publicity stunt in the Hampdens at Long Island that Manning attempts to assign out, insisting that their most advanced team Liz Sherman, Abe Sapien, and Hellboy and junior agent Sydney Leach as well as himself . Despite the fact this is a marketing campaign for Oliver Trumbolt, a friend of the governor with hands deep in the BPRD\'s budget and thusly is considered a low priority, Bruttenholm\'s insistence pays off, though he does not explain his motives until he is certain. Ana, a blushing bride to be is met on the streets by two elderly women who encourage her to go to her bridal gown fitting, and she meets with Erzebet who had unknowingly killed the shop owner Marie and her baby. Ana innocently comments that Erzebet reminds her of her "older" sister, offending her until she notices that Erzabet has no reflection. She screams, and everything goes dark. Later, being told that Father Lupescu was the one who convinced Ana to go to her fitting despite the disappearances of the young girls in the village, Erzabet pays him a visit, frightening him with her dark powers and confirming that his faith is not enough to keep her power from affecting the town. The BPRD team arrives and sets up to investigate a haunting that Oliver had called them for. Despite a few open windows, a creepy life-like replica of Erzabet and an old, suspiciously familiar looking groundskeeper, everything seems normal until night falls and they each encounter strange ghostly apparitions, culminating in dozens of spirits that were Erzabet\'s former victims. Excited that he may have found a goldmine, Trumbolt ignores the professor\'s warnings and is attacked. Ana goes to visit Father Lupescu who convinces her that she should not fear danger because the church is strong and the faith will keep her from harm, she hurries off to have her fitting done, running into Professor Bruttenholm as she leaves. He explains to Lupescu of Erzabet\'s true nature and her allegiance to Hecate, but he becomes offended and turns Bruttenholm away. Using his abilities to detect metal, Leach finds a secret passageway through the house\'s cellar, inadvertently coming across Trumbolde\'s body, drained of blood which was placed in a bath tub, for what is suspected to be for Erzabet\'s revival. Bruttenholm and Liz head for the gardens to stop Hecate and Erzabet\'s Harpy hags from summoning her back from the dead while a werewolf attacks Hellboy and Abe. Abe is knocked unconscious and taken by the harpies for experimentation while Hellboy fights the werewolf, eventually subduing it and revealing that it is Father Lupescu, the groundskeeper that Bruttenholm had earlier identified. Meanwhile, Liz and Bruttenholm are attacked, first by wolves, then by Erzabet\'s withered body who knocks Liz out and takes Bruttenholm. Hellboy is dropped through a hole in the courtyard and meets Hecate, who is perplexed why he helps the mortals and tries to lure him to the dark side. He blatantly refuses again, and again, forcing Hecate to take on a physical form to deal with him. After Abe escapes them, the harpies come across Hecate, but one is killed as she violently thrashes with Hellboy and the other escapes. Erzabet bathes in Trumbolde\'s blood and rejuvenates herself, but in an act that proves Bruttenholm still has fight in him, she begins to wither and decay again from the Holy Water he\'d added to the bath. He breaks off a chair leg and finishes her off. Her death enrages Hecate who brutally attacks Hellboy and badly wounds him, and when he realizes her weakness is the sun he lures her outside, forcing her back into the darkness of her own realm, defeated. Bruttenholm is preparing for his trip to Transylvania where rumors have it that there is a vampire on the loose, as he is packing, his colleague comes in and they discuss the right hand of doom to which Bruttenholm asserts that so long as evil exists, good will rise up against it. Before revealing an image of Hellboy\'s right hand, signifying that he will be responsible for the destruction of the world. Hellboy wakens in his bed, admiring Bruttenholm, his adopted father before falling back to sleep again.'] ['While walking home from school, high school students Shō Fukamachi and Mizuki Segawa accidentally discover one of three Bio Booster Armor units stolen from the Chronos Corporation. When Shō and Mizuki are attacked by a Zoanoid, the unit comes into contact with Shō and bonds with him, transforming him into Guyver I and promptly destroying the Zoanoid assailant. Meanwhile, a female Chronos agent named Valcuria acquires a second unit and becomes Guyver II. She then abducts Mizuki in order to challenge Shō for the Guyver I unit.'] ['The Galman Empire is destroyed but the planet Galmania is not, by a chance collision of galaxies. The Bolar Federation worlds including Planet Bolar are destroyed. The Yamato, back under the command of Captain Okita , encounters the planet Denguil too late to save its humanoid civilisation from being flooded by the water planet Aquarius. The surviving Denguil, a warrior race who believe only the strong should survive, plan to use Aquarius to flood Earth and destroy humanity, in order to create a new home for their race. When all seems lost, the Denguil are destroyed by Desslar and the remains of his people , and the Yamato is filled with tritiated water and detonated like a giant hydrogen bomb by Okita to divert the water stream. A great deal of time is taken at the end of the film showing the fragments of the Yamato repeatedly "sinking" beneath the waves in space, Okita going down with his ship. The unedited version also shows Kodai finally marrying his longtime sweetheart Yuki .{{cite news}}'] ['At the beginning of the movie, Ran has a dream of her mother, Eri, being shot. Ran later calls Eri and tells her of her dream. The scene then briefly changes to a scene of a jail, where a man named Jo Murakami holds out a notebook that says, "Beika City, Kogoro Mouri." The scene transitions again to the Detective Boys waiting on a bench for Professor Agasa. While waiting, Ayumi tries a love match, and the machine tells her Conan and Ayumi are a perfect match. She then tries Conan\'s fortune, which is "A chance for an A "; when Conan hears this he wonders how old that machine is. Agasa then comes, and takes the Detective Boys to the Touto Aeronautic Memorial Museum. On display there, there are many kinds of helicopters and planes. While there, Agasa tries to give a quiz, only to be intercepted by Mitsuhiko. Mitsuhiko\'s quiz: Three guys, born on New Year\'s Day, April Fool\'s, and Children\'s Day formed a club. What was their club called? The answer: Tonakai . If you add up their birthdays, they become To-na-kai, a kind of gorowase. Once Conan answers the quiz, they see Shishido Eimei taking pictures around the museum. Back at the Mouri Detective Agency, Jo Murakami is shown knocking on the door. When he gets no answer, he leaves. Ran is shown with Sonoko at the autograph signing of one of the essayist, Minoru Nishina, his books, where she tells him to keep writing "tasty" books. They later go to a café, and Ran mentions the fight that caused Kogoro\'s and Eri\'s divorce when she was seven. Ran also mentions that the dinner with Eri is at seven o\'clock. Conan later comes back to the agency to see Kogoro just getting ready. He sees a TV interview on Katsuyoshi Asashi, the owner of the entertainment complex, "Aquacrystal", but Ran turns the TV off and Conan quickly gets ready. At the dinner at a restaurant, "La Fluer", Eri is shown to be as sharp as ever, predicting that Kogoro would be late because he played mahjong until late. Right after, a professional golfer by the name of Hiroki Tsuji, also an acquaintance of Kogoro\'s, comes into the restaurant. Kogoro mentions that Tsuji is participating in the U.S. Open. During a dinner, Ran shows a surprising amount of knowledge about wine, knowing what the grape badge  was for, what the tastevin around the sommelier\'s neck is what its for. Conan is shown enjoying the dinner, but Ran later notices that Conan\'s mouth is dirty, and tries to clean him up. At the moment, Conan remembers his fortune "A chance for a kiss" and blushes. However, Kogoro uses his cloth to clean Conan up, which gets Conan angry. Kogoro and Eri show surprisingly good chemistry during the dinner, and during the converstation Eri mentions 10 years ago when Kogoro and Eri came to this restaurant. But then, Kogoro suddenly notices Peter Ford, a newscaster, near Towako Okano. When Kogoro expresses anger, believing that Ford was flirting with Okano, Eri mistakenly thinks that Kogoro loves Okano, and leaves. A week later, Megure is shown shot by an arrow while jogging. Kogoro, the Detective Boys, and Ran come to visit Megure in the hospital. Shiratori tells them that the arrow was shot with a crossbow, and a western sword was found at the scene. Later, Eri is shown at her office, and her assistant gives her a package with Zigoba chocolates inside. Eri eats one, but suddenly falls unconscious, poisoned by agricultural chemicals. However, Eri is not in danger, as she was quickly rushed into the hospital. On the chocolate box, there is a paper flower that seems familiar to Conan. Conan is later shown with Professor Agasa, the latter fixing up Conan\'s skateboard, when suddenly the front door is shattered with a rock. When Agasa goes to investigate what happened, he is shot by a mysterious person on a motorcycle. When the man flees, Conan gives chase on his skateboard, but quickly loses him at a fork. He contacts the Detective Boys to look for a bike, where the Detective Boys give the man\'s approximate location. When the person sees Conan, he suddenly sharply turns and rides up and down a stairway. Conan tries to give chase, but is distracted by a falling old woman, and loses the person. When Conan returns to the house, he finds a mysterious object, and finally realizes the connection between the sword, the flower, and the strange object, as well as the victims. The sword, flower, and the strange object are objects held by the King, Queen, and Jack of playing cards. In addition, Megure\'s first name, Juzo, can be read as 13. Kisaki in English means Queen. Agasa\'s last name Hiroshi\'s last character, shi, is a combination of 10 and 1. Megure comes into the room, and tells that Jo Murakami may be the culprit of the serial killing. Kogoro also mentions that it wouldn\'t be strange if Murakami has a grudge, giving that he arrested the latter before. When Shiratori tries to give specifics, Megure suddenly cuts him off. Kogoro then mentions that he knows someone with ten, or "tou" in her name, Towako. The police quickly rush and place Towako under protection. When Ran and Conan later asks Shiratori what he was going to say, he mentions that Murakami tried to escape arrest, and held Ran\'s mother as hostage. Despite standard training, Kogoro opens fire on a captor, and eventually left the force. When Ran later calls Conan as Shinichi, she asks him if he would shoot on a captor. Conan mentions that although Kogoro did shoot Eri, he also mentions if that was the whole truth, and hangs up. At the agency, Conan later sees another person with ten in his name, Hiroki Tsuji. Megure, Kogoro, and Shiratori quickly rush to Tsuji\'s location, along with Ran and Conan. Tsuji refuses to cancel the trip, but allows Megure and Mouri to escort him to Touto Airport. Conan is later shown to have snuck on the helicopter. During the flight, Tsuji suddenly suffers sun glare. Conan attempts to land the helicopter at Teitan Elementary. In addition, Conan contacts the Detective Boys, who attempt to evacuate everyone in the schoolyard. However, the helicopter hits a downdraft, causing it to crash. The helicopter later explodes due to a gas leak. The eye drops that Tsuji used turned out to be mydriatic medicine, making Tsuji\'s pupils dilate and cause him to be blinded by the sun. Because mydriatic medicine takes from 10 days to two weeks, Tsuji ends up unable to participate in the U.S. Open. Kogoro mentions that he knows no one with nine in their name, but he knows an eight, Kohei Sawaki. Megure, Kogoro, Conan, and Ran visit Kohei Sawaki at his residence. Sawaki turns out to have a somewhat large collection of wine in his apartment, and while Conan is walking, he notices some damage on the floor. Sawaki mentions that he dropped a wine bottle there. Sawaki mentions that he will be going to Aquacrystal, to have a meeting with the owner Asahi about the restaurant over there. At the moment, Shiratori then notices there is a nine in Asahi. Conan and Ran follow Megure and Kogoro over to Aquacrystal, where they meet Osani Nana-san , Nishina Minoru , Shishido Eimei , Peter Ford  - Last name  has phonetic similarity to "four." They ride the monorail over to the main complex. Once they get to the restaurant, they notice that Shiratori Ninzaburo has a three. Ran mentions that Shinichi is one. Osani then challenges Minoru Nishina, saying the restaurant Nishina recommended was terrible. Osani gives Nishina a blind tasting challenge, where Nishina incorrectly deducts Chambertin. Sawaki then correctly deducts the wine, saying it was a Beaujolais Moulin-a-Vent. Conan gets some juice for Ran, and surprisingly Kogoro takes the other juice instead of drinking beer. When Conan goes and gets some more juice, he notices Sawaki tasting some chili powder. When the crew later browses the wine chamber, Sawaki narrowly dodges a booby trap apparently setup by Murakami. The police realize that Asahi may be already dead. While the crew tries to leave, Nana notices the drowned body of Asahi, and the entrance to the restaurant is locked. The emergency exit is blocked with cement, leaving no way of escape. The rest spread out to look for alternate exits, Nana stays behind with Ran and Conan. When Conan tries to look too, he puts down the juice can and tries to run. However, Ran catchs him. But then, the power cuts, which sends Nana into a panic. When the lights come back on, Nana is found stabbed. When Conan notes the culprit grabbed Nana with the right hand, he realizes Murakami is not the culprit. Conan goes and gets some mineral water for everyone. While everyone drinks, Conan mentions he found the true culprit. At that moment, the lights go off by an explosion. Another explosion causes the restaurant to flood. Kogoro saves Nishina, who is a hopeless swimmer, and Conan notices everyone but Ran made it. It\'s shown Ran was caught on the car. When Conan tries to save Ran, he ends up getting his leg stuck and goes out. However, Ran gives the oxygen that Conan had given to her in the form of a kiss. Conan quickly uses the elastic suspenders to move the car, and save Ran. The crew later finds another exit due to the flooding. When Sawaki tries to give CPR to Nishina, Conan, using Kogoro\'s voice, insists that Shiratori do the CPR instead. While CPR is given, Conan knocks out and starts deducing through Kogoro. He reveals that the culprit was not Murakami due to the fact that Murakami is left-handed, but the culprit was right-handed. He reveals that Kohei Sawaki is the culprit. He notes Sawaki has Aguesia, a disorder that robs the ability to taste. He supports this by the fact Sawaki was tasting chili pepper, while a regular sommelier would never do something like this. He also mentions that while Conan brought mineral water to the crew, Sawaki\'s cup was the only one with salt. He actually strangled Murakami to death. Sawaki then attempts to escape while taking Ran hostage. He also sets off more explosives, causing the Aquacrystal to collapse. Kogoro, Megure, and Conan give chase to Sawaki. When Shiratori points a gun at Sawaki on the rooftop, Conan mentions that because his hands are shaking, it would hit Ran. Shiratori throws his gun as a sign of surrender. When Sawaki sees Megure and Shiratori getting ready to attack, he demands that Conan bring the gun to him. Conan picks up the gun, then realizes why Kogoro shot Eri back then. He shoots, while the bullet barely grazes Ran, knocking her unconscious. Kogoro takes down Sawaki, and helps Conan save Ran. When Sawaki tries to commit suicide, Kogoro saves him. The people remaining leave on the helicopter, Kogoro just realizing he is scared of heights.  {{See also}} During the course of the film multiple characters are represented by a certain number from a standard deck of cards. The playing cards are all spades, which represents death. The victim\'s name, clue left behind, and the connection with the number are all displayed below in the chart. Since the English adaption has changed names of the characters, the corresponding relationships between the character and the numbers were changed accordingly. {| class="wikitable" |- || Card Number/Name || Victim\'s Name  || Connection to the Number  || Victim\'s Name  || Connection to the Number  || Clue Left Behind |- |Joker |J.T Morono |His nickname in the casino is "joker." |{{Nihongo}} |Same as in English |- |Number 13/King Of Spades |Joseph Meguire |His name has 13 letters |{{Nihongo}} |First name is "thirteen". |The King\'s Knife/Dagger |- |Number 12/The Queen of Spades |Eva Kadan |Her first name means "Queen" in other languages. |{{Nihongo}} |妃 means "Queen" in Japanese. |The Queen\'s Flower |- |Number 11/Jack of Spades |Hiroshi Agasa |He has 11 patents on inventions. |{{Nihongo}} |士 is a combination of the kanji of ten  and one . |The Jack\'s Royal Sceptre |- |False Number 10 |Tammy Diez |Her last name is the number ten in Spanish. ||{{Nihongo}} |Her name contains the kanji for 10  |No clue exists |- |Number 10 |Henry Tish, pro golfer |He is currently ranked as the 10th best Golfer in the world |{{Nihongo}} |辻 contains the kanji for 10 . |The Number 10 in a normal set of Playing Cards |- |Number Nine |Chris Ashton, developer  |His holdings include nine important buildings in the city. |{{Nihongo}} |旭 contains the kanji for "nine" . |The Nine of Spades in a normal set of playing cards |- |Number Eight |Kevin Simms, sommelier |Attended a culinary school with an eight-year program |{{Nihongo}} |公 contains the kanji for eight  |The Eight of Spades in a normal set of playing cards |- |Number Seven |Nina Oliver, model |Has modeled since she was seven |{{Nihongo}} |Nana is a Japanese reading of "seven." |The Seven of Spades in a normal set of Playing Cards |- |Number Six |Emilio Cantore, photographer |He has six children. |{{Nihongo}} |宍 contains the kanji of "six" . |The Six of Spades in a normal set of Playing Cards |- |Number Five |Richard Moore |His last name has five letters |{{Nihongo}} |小五郎 contains the kanji for five . |The Five of Spades in a normal set of Playing Cards |- |Number Four |Peter Ford |His last name has four letters. |{{Nihongo}} |Last name  has phonetic similarity to "four." |The Four of Spades in a normal set of Playing Cards |- |Number Three |Inspector Santos |He is the third child of three siblings, each of which were born three years apart. |{{Nihongo}} |任三郎 contains the kanji for "three" . |The Three of Spades in a normal set of Playing Cards |- |Number Two |Mason Norfolk, food writer |Wrote two books |{{Nihongo}} |仁 contains the kanji for "two" . |The Two of Spades in a normal set of Playing Cards |- |Number One/Ace of Spades |Jimmy Kudo |He is the number one detective, Also number one in other things |{{Nihongo}} |新一 contains the kanji for "one" . |The Ace of Spades in a set of playing cards |}'] ["Jim, the young assistant of the keeper of the Admiral Bembo inn, and his mouse friend Gran  are one night asked by a rough, one-legged stranger for a room and to watch out for suspicious-looking characters. The latter, a band of black-cloaked assassins, soon arrive, and the man asks Jim to take care of the casket he's been carrying before engaging the intruders. Jim and Gran narrowly escape. After they return to the ransacked inn later, they open the casket in hopes of gaining some money for compensation for the damage. Inside they find a map to the treasure hidden by the infamous pirate captain Flint. Jim and Gran immediately set out with their steam-powered barrel boat - and the innkeeper's infant son Baboo as a stowaway - to recover the riches, but after a few days at sea they are captured by the pirate crew of Captain Silver and brought to Pirate Island, where both are sold to a slave merchant. Alerted by Gran's unchecked babbling, one of the crew, the monocled Baron, also steals the map from Jim. In the holding cell, Jim and Gran encounter Kathy, the feisty and resolute granddaughter of Captain Flint. They manage to escape the cell, and Jim recovers the map as the assembled pirate captains pour over it. Kathy, however, promptly steals it, and having no ship to reach the island, she accepts the Baron's offer of transportation, which is in turn instantly usurped by Silver. Silver and his crew try their best to steal the map back during the voyage, but Kathy's distrust and Jim's secret assistance foil the scheme repeatedly. After an attack by the pirate captain chairman, which they narrowly escape, Silver and his crew are finally incapacitated. Just before reaching the island, however, a storm rips the ship apart; Jim, Gran, Baboo, and the baby's self-appointed guardian, the walrus Otto, arrive just after Silver, his crew, and Kathy, now a prisoner of the pirates. In exchange for her friends' safety, Kathy offers to lead Silver to the exact location of the treasure. Silver, however, plans on double-crossing both Jim and his own crew to get the treasure for himself. While Otto holds off his fellow pirates , Jim chases after Silver as he and his monkey lieutenant are climbing towards the top of an extinct volcano where the treasure is hidden. In the end Kathy sacrifices the final secret of recovering the treasure to save Jim's life, but it does no good to Silver; the mechanism he is told to trigger does not reveal the treasure immedialety, but instead serves to drain the island volcano's crater lake. Silver and his lieutenant are swept out into the sea, and the lake drains to reveal Flint's sunken ship, where Jim, Gran, Kathy and the reformed pirates find the treasure. The film ends with Jim and Kathy sailing away with Silver's ship, while the dethroned captain and his lieutenant chase after them on improvised log boats, quarreling all the while."] ['In the legendary past, before Poké Balls were made, an aura-guiding hero Pokémon named Lucario sensed two armies about to clash at Cameron Palace in Kanto. He told his master, Sir Aaron, while he was being attacked by a group of Houndoom. During the battle, Lucario was blinded, and he used his Aura Sphere to eliminate the Houndoom. The Queen of Cameron, Lady Rin, decided to die with her people, and so Aaron got on his Pidgeot and traveled to the Tree of Beginning, but they were attacked by a rival group of Skarmory. Later, Lucario arrived by sensing his master’s Aura. Sir Aaron forbade Lucario from calling him “Master” anymore and admitted he has abandoned the Queen. He then swore never to return and headed to the Tree of Beginning. Lucario tried to go with him, but Aaron sealed Lucario in his staff. Pidgeot visited the queen with only Sir Aaron’s staff, and the queen realized that Sir Aaron sacrificed himself by using his own aura to stop the war. Many years later, Ash, Pikachu, Brock, May and Max arrive at Cameron Palace to celebrate the life of Sir Aaron. Ash competes in the Pokémon competition, and wins against a trainer named Kidd and her Weavile. That night there is a royal ball, and Ash is rewarded with the Hero\'s Chair and the privilege to hold Sir Aaron\'s staff. Team Rocket join the dance too, but Meowth runs off to follow Kidd, who reveals herself as an Agent seeking to capture a Mew. The Pokémon run off into the attic to play. However, Kidd\'s two Weavile attack when Mew joins in. Mew teleports away with Pikachu and Meowth, and Max finds out what happened. In the ballroom, Ash watches fireworks, unaware of what is happening to the Pokémon. Suddenly, Lucario is freed from the staff probably because of Ash having a resemblance to Sir Aaron\'s aura. Lucario was confused of what has happened since the time he was sealed and seek to search for answers. Max informs the rest of the group that Pikachu and Meowth have been taken; Team Rocket overhear him. Lady Ilene, the current queen, says Mew has a tradition of showing up at the palace and taking toys to its home at the Tree of Beginning. Ash and the rest  head off to the Tree of Beginning with the help of Lucario . On their journey, they find a Time Flower  and meet a Bonsly which hitches a ride with the team. That night, Ash recalls how much he and Pikachu have been through, like in the first episode when a flock of Spearow attacked him and Pikachu leaped in and shocked them to the ground. Lucario scoffs at that story, saying humans can never be trusted. Ash gets mad and tackles Lucario, but ends up losing in the brawl, upsetting Lucario far more. Max tries to cheer the Pokémon up with chocolate. The next morning, Lucario encounters the same area where he was sealed in the staff. A Time Flower reveals Sir Aaron trapped his servant and ran off, making everyone believe Lucario in his point of view of the so-called legend. Ash apologizes to Lucario for his behavior last night and begins to cry; Lucario asks Ash to promise that he will not desert Pikachu. At that moment, Regirock attacks, and everyone runs into the Tree of Beginning. Ash and Lucario split up with May, Max, Brock, and Kidd. Ash ends up getting attacked by Regice, so he and Lucario decide to backtrack. Meanwhile, everyone else is attacked by Registeel, and antibodies produced by the trees are devouring human as if they were a disease. Kidd is the only one who survives. Ash finally reunites with Pikachu and meets up with Meowth and Kidd. Kidd tells Ash that his friends have been swallowed by the giant cells. Soon, Ash and Kidd get eaten up, while Registeel stops Lucario from saving them. All of Ash\'s Pokémon, even Pikachu, cry over their trainers\' deaths. However, Mew decides to talk with the tree, using its powers, and brings everyone back. Mew, after its performance, becomes ill. Finding that the Tree is dying due to its immune system going into shock, Ash, Kidd, Mew, and Lucario run into the heart of the Tree. They find Sir Aaron in suspended animation, and a Time Flower showing that the legend was true. Ash uses Sir Aaron\'s gloves to help squeeze out his own aura to restore the tree, with Lucario\'s help, both knowing they will die in the process. As the aura sphere gets larger and much more powerful, Lucario knocks Ash back and demands to finish the rest. The tree is restored, and Mew is also restored back to health, but Lucario only has little time left. A Time flower is found once again showing Sir Aaron saying goodbye to Lucario as he dies, and sharing that Lucario was more than his pupil, he was his closest friend, and that he hopes to meet Lucario again someday. Lucario begins to cry seeing his master\'s final image, saying to himself that he failed his master. Ash holds Lucario\'s paws and says that he proved to be as good a Guardian of Aura as Sir Aaron. Lucario then dies, thanking Ash for encouragement, and goes to see his friend. Ash and Kidd meet May, Brock, and Max outside, who realize Lucario is not with them. Brock mentions it is hard to believe Lucario is gone, but Ash says, "He isn\'t gone... his aura is with me". In the credits sequence, it is shown that Ash and co. return to the palace and are rewarded by Lady Ilene; Lucario and Sir Aaron share a chocolate bar in their distant place after death; Kidd leaves and meets with Butler and Diane from a previous film; and Ash and his friends continue their journey.'] ['The story centers on characters who are immortal. The lead character, Colin MacLeod, became an Immortal after his first death in 125 AD in Roman Britain, when his village was attacked by the conquering Romans. Another Immortal, Marcus Octavius, was leading the Roman Empire\'s military forces in hopes of creating his dream of a utopian society. Octavius killed Colin\'s wife, but was not able to kill Colin whose unconscious body was dragged by a horse to within Stonehenge, a "holy ground" in the story, where Immortals are forbidden to fight. Waking days later within Stonehenge, Colin is left confused about who and what he is, and why he is still alive. It is at this moment that the spirit of a former druid of this holy site, Amergan, begins communicating with MacLeod and explains to him what he is. Colin learns of The Game from Amergan, and the druid becomes his lifelong teacher and conscience. The movie interlaces flashback scenes of this and Colin\'s following plight for vengeance throughout time, as Marcus attempts to re-enact his utopian society through force and fear. Throughout the next two millennia, Marcus serves as a high-ranking member of various powerful empires, ranging from the British colonial empire to Nazi Germany. Marcus wants to encourage the development of a utopian world-empire, but in contrast, the side he chooses tend to be ruthless and authoritarian . For 2000 years, Colin clashes with Marcus multiple times throughout history, always fighting on the opposing side trying to bring down which ever authoritarian regime Marcus is supporting. While Colin is often badly beaten, neither one ever succeeds in killing the other. Though Colin is ostensibly in the role of the "barbarian" and Marcus is the bringer of "civilization", Marcus cares more about building an empire and less about people\'s well-being, with an "ends-justify-the-means" mentality. In the year 2187, Colin finds Octavius in a post-apocalyptic future of New York City. Octavius has stopped supporting other regimes but is setting up a new empire with himself as its tyrannical leader. When Colin arrives, Marcus is busy making plans to release a deadly virus which will further his goals of conquest. Colin falls in with the disaffected rebels in the city. After a final duel, Colin defeats Octavius, and his Quickening destroys the virus in question.'] ["{{see also}} Hayate, Nagi and the gang spend the last days of summer break at Nishizawa's countryside vacation home. But a mysterious spirit has concocted a scheme to separate the butler from his young mistress."] ['{{Plot|dateMagnetic RoseStink BombCannon Fodder In a walled city perpetually at war, everyone\'s livelihood depends upon maintaining and firing the enormous cannons that make up most of the city. Nearly every building in the city is equipped with a cannon of varying size, able to fire huge artillery shells over the city walls. The story is centered on a young boy and his father, who works as a lowly cannon-loader. The city is surrounded by clouds of smoke and dust provoked by the shots fired by the cannons. Despite news of successful bombardment of the "enemy city" by the local media, there is not any visual confirmation that it is true, or even if there is an enemy at all. In the end the boy comes home from school and hears a television news reporter talking about the near-destruction of the enemy city. The boy hops into his bed, saying that someday he wants to be the exalted officer who fires the cannons, and not be a simple worker like his father. As he sleeps, a blue light sweeps across the window. Is it from the enemy or the city?'] ["Gin and Vodka, on a hunt for Shiho Miyano, sneak into Akemi Miyano's flat and listen to the messages on the answering machine. They discover that Shiho will attend a private viewing of two new skyscrapers in Tokyo with Jimmy Kudo. Gin and Vodka plan to end Shiho at the towers. At the viewing, Yoshiaki Hara and Tokiwa Mio are murdered, after Ohki Iwamatsu, a builder of the skyscrapers, was killed in his apartment. Sake cups left at each murder scene links the three together in a serial murder case. Before the murderer’s identity is revealed, the bombs planted by the Black Organization detonate, setting the building ablaze. Sonoko, Conan and Ran evacuate in a glass elevator when it stops. Conan realizes that with her new perm, Sonoko looks like Shiho Miyano from behind. Conan distracts Sonoko, making her turn around, saving her from being shot by Gin, who thought she was Shiho. After arriving safely to the ground, Conan re-enters the tower after learning that the Junior Detective League has not evacuated. He leaves them and confronts the serial murderer, Kiseragi, an elderly painter. Kiseragi blamed the tower employees for the construction of the tower, an edifice that obstructed his view of the Fuji Mountains. Conan shoots Kiseragi with his tranquilizer dart as the painter prepares to commit suicide. With the bridges blown off and the bottom floors in flames, Conan powers a Ford Mustang convertible with the force of an explosion to propel the kids and him to safety. Viewing the inferno from afar, Gin and Vodka confirm that Shiho Miyano was not at the towers and abandon their search for her."] ['{{Plot}}  Kaitou Kid sends a riddle, warning of another heist. The police deduce that his next target is a recently discovered Fabergé egg belonging to Nicholas II of Russia, which is to be displayed in the Suzuki Modern Art Museum in Osaka on August 22. The night of the heist, Kid successfully steals the egg and flies off with it, and Conan tenaciously chases after him with Heiji. However, in the middle of the chase, Kid is shot in the right eye by an unknown assailant and apparently falls into the sea to his death. After recovering the egg, the police fruitlessly search for Kid\'s body. The next day, Conan, Ran, and Kogoro board a boat to Tokyo. They meet Natsumi Kousaka, whose great-grandfather worked in Fabergé\'s factory. She shows them a part of a sketch of two eggs and a key, which were found among her late grandmother\'s momentos. Conan suspects that the person who shot Kaitou Kid is on the ship. That night, Ryu Sagawa, a freelance photographer covering the press with news of the egg, is murdered, shot in the right eye in the same fashion as Kid. Soon after his body is discovered, Inspector Megure, along with officers Takagi and Shiratori, arrive by helicopter to inspect the crime scene. At first, they suspected Sonoko\'s father\'s servant, Mr. Nishino, but the police and Conan later conclude that the culprit is Scorpion - a mysterious killer who always shoots his victims in the right eye. A missing lifeboat hints that Scorpion has already escaped, and the passengers of the boat set off toward Yokosuka Castle, the location of Scorpion\'s next target: the second egg. While exploring the castle, the group stumbles across secret passages beneath the castle. As they traverse the tunnel, Inui, an art dealer, sees a shadowy figure in one direction of the tunnels, and in his pursuit, he is shot by a silenced handgun. Delving farther into the tunnel, they find a coffin with a corpse clutching the second egg. Suddenly, the two eggs are snatched away. Conan deduces that Scorpion is Seiran the historian. She shoots her victims in the right eye to avenge her ancestor, Rasputin, whose body was found with an eye missing. Seiran attempts to kill Conan with her last bullet, but the bullet ricochets off the bulletproof glass on Conan\'s glasses installed by the professor. As Conan kicks a piece of rubble, she reloads and is about to fire when a playing card knocks the gun out of her hands. Conan then knocks her out with the rubble. Shiratori appears and carries Seiran out. Conan figures "Shiratori" was actually Kid in disguise. In the end, Conan is about to confess to Ran that he\'s Shinichi, but then Kid comes, disguised as Shinichi, and distracts Ran. The Phantom Thief then disappears in a flurry of pigeons.'] ["Curse of the Blood Rubies is a modified adaptation of the initial story arc in the Dragon Ball manga, with the original character King Gurumes substituting Emperor Pilaf's role as the main antagonist. Like in the manga, Curse of the Blood Rubies depicts how Goku meets up with Bulma. During their travel Goku meets Oolong, Yamcha, Puar and finally Master Roshi during his first search for the Dragon Balls. The movie starts with King Gurumes’ soldiers destroying the homes and lands of farmers within his kingdom to look for blood rubies. His two main enforcers are Pasta and Bongo, whom he is also tasked with finding the Dragon Balls. Since finding the blood rubies, King Gurmes has fallen under a curse that makes his hunger insatiable. He hopes to wish the curse away with the Dragon Balls. A little girl named Penny decides to go and find help. A teenage girl named Bulma is also searching for the Dragon Balls with the help of a Dragon Ball radar. Before she can reach the next ball, she runs into Goku  while he’s carrying home a giant fish. Goku tells Bulma that his grandpa gave him a Dragon Ball before he died. Pasta and Bongo arrive at Goku’s home and steal his Dragon Ball. They flee in a fighter jet and Bulma and Goku give chase in Bulma’s jet. But they are shot down by Pasta. Later that night, Goku and Bulma are looking for food in the forest when the find Penny, who is being accosted by a large monster. The monster flees when Goku proves his strength by destroying a large tree. Goku chases the monster and it finds it’s true form to be a shape-shifting pig named Oolong. Oolong freaks out when he realizes they have landed in the Desert Bandit Yamcha’s territory. Yamcha and his sidekick Puar attack the duo. Goku battles Yamcha but their duel is cut short when Bulma arrives. Yamcha flees because he has a paralyzing fear of beautiful women. Penny tells the others about her people’s plight and how she must find the great Master Roshi. The next day, the team arrives on Master Roshi’s island, but Yamcha has arrived their first and tricked Roshi into thinking Goku is there to steal his shell. To find out who’s telling the truth, Roshi summons the Nimbus Cloud, which only an honest person can ride. Goku successfully rides it and clears his name; Yamcha flees again. Master Roshi also gives Bulma his Dragon Ball, but Pasta and Bongo arrive in a submarine and attack the island. One of Bulma’s two Dragon Balls is stolen and Roshi’s house is destroyed. Angered by the destruction of his house, Roshi uses the Kamehameha to destroy the submarine. Pasta and Bongo flee in an escape jet. Peny asks Roshi to help her defeat King Gurumes, but he declines and assure Penny that Goku and Bulma will be all the help she needs. The journey to King Gurumes’ castle and are immediately attacked by the king’s air force. Bulma is shot down while Goku has an aerial duel with Bongo. Yamcha and Puar also arrive and infiltrate the castle, where they meet up with Bulma, Penny, and Oolong. Yamcha is attacked by Pasta but is unable to fight back because of his phobia of beautiful women, so they flee. Goku defeats Bongo by knocking him through a wall with his power pole. They all end up in King Gurumes’ throne room. King Gurumes’ curse has turned him into a large, purple monster. He attacks Goku to get the last Dragon Ball. Goku tries the Kamehameha, but it fails. Bulma realizes the other six Dragon Balls are inside Gurumes’ stomach, so she throws her Dragon Ball into his mouth. The Eternal Dragon erupts from his mouth and offers to grant one wish. Penny wishes for her land to be peaceful and beautiful again. The dragon removes all the blood rubies and makes the land fertile again. After granting the wish, the dragon vanishes and the Dragon Balls are scattered across the Earth again. King Gurumes’ curse is lifted, Yamcha and Bulma decide to date, and Goku begins a journey to find his grandpa’s Dragon Ball."] [' Schoolgirl Shizuku Tsukishima lives in Tokyo, Japan with her parents Asako and Seiya. She is a bookworm and is keen on writing. One evening, she looks through the checkout cards in her library books. She notices they have all been checked out by the same person - someone named Seiji Amasawa. Over the next few days, Shizuku encounters a tall, annoying boy. Shizuku finds a cat riding a train and follows it, discovering an antique shop run by Shiro Nishi. At the shop is a cat statuette, "The Baron." The tall boy is the grandson of Nishi. Shizuku\'s friend Yuko Harada is interested in Sugimura, a sports-playing boy in the same class as the girls. Sugimura inadvertently upsets Yuko, as he has no idea Yuko likes him. Later, Shizuku and Sugimura have a falling out; Sugimura reveals that he likes Shizuku, but it is impossible, as Yuko is Shizuku\'s best friend. Shizuku goes into depression and heads to the antique shop. While there, she sings Take Me Home, Country Roads accompanied by the tall boy and Shiro, and discovers that the tall boy and Seiji Amasawa are the same person. Shizuku and Seiji become close. However, Seiji is learning to make violins to follow his dream as a master luthier. Days after the two meet, Seiji leaves for Cremona, Italy, for a two month trial with a master violin-maker. Devastated but resolute, Shizuku wants to test her talents as well. Discussing with Yuko, she decides to pursue her writing seriously during the two months. She asks Nishi if she can write about The Baron, which once had a female companion statuette, Louise. As Shizuku begins to tell her story while walking home, she dreams of a fantasy sequence featuring The Baron. Devoting her time to her writing, Shizuku eats snack food, stays up until 4:00 a.m., and her school grades drop. The next fantasy sequence depicts Shizuku dreaming about Louise and the arrival of the fairytale\'s villain. Shizuku, her older sister Shiho, and Seiya and Asako argue over Shizuku\'s grades. Shizuku dreams the third and last part of her story; however, it turns into a nightmare. Meanwhile, Nishi dreams about the lost love of his youth arriving at his door. As the dream finishes, Shizuku arrives at his door. With her story complete, Shizuku delivers the manuscript to Nishi. After Nishi reads Shizuku\'s writing, she breaks down in tears. Consoling her with noodles, Nishi explains that Seiji needed considerably more noodles after Seiji made his first violin. Nishi reveals to Shizuku that he and his first love, Louise, were students in Germany; they discovered the cat statuettes in a cafe. The two young people and the two cat statuettes were separated during World War II. Deciding she wants to attend high school to learn more about writing, Nishi drives Shizuku home and she tells Asako her trials are over "for now." The next morning, she discovers Seiji below on his bicycle. He has returned a day early, and he is truly going to go to Cremona to become a luthier. They ride his bike to a lookout and watch the sun rise over the city, where Seiji proposes future marriage to Shizuku and profess his love for her to which she happily accepts.'] [' * Length: 4:38 * Release Date: June 9, 2009 Caboose is still working on his secret project, enduring numerous setbacks such as explosions and fires. Simmons, who is spying on Blue Base, returns to Sarge and Grif and informs them of the advantage they have in numbers over the Blues. The scene cuts to the scope of a sniper rifle which then in turn cuts to a white armored soldier who is actually Church. Church wanders back to Blue Base complaining about his death and that no one is left to remember him, except for Caboose, who is on fire. As he reaches the Blue Base he is met by a black armored soldier, Tex, who asks Church what they are going to do. She suggests that they "get started."  * Length: 6:12 * Release Date: June 16, 2009 Sarge attempts to intimidate the Blues by announcing the Red\'s imminent attack. Grif reasons that killing Caboose would remove the point of waging war, as the Blue base has not received any reinforcements, and may never receive any. Sarge reconsiders the attack and contacts Command to ask for advice on dealing with the Blues. Meanwhile Grif confides in Simmons that he would rather stall the battle for years, and be facing one "shitty" enemy, than transferred to a new base and fighting five "real" enemies. Command brushes Sarge off, claiming not to know anything about a Blue team. Simmons recalls that the Reds had deleted the information on the Blues while at Command. However, Sarge\'s recollection of the events involved killing Grif and riding on Simmons, who transformed into a motorcycle.  * Length: 6:01 * Release Date: June 23, 2009 At Blue Base, Caboose appears to talk to Epsilon about his adventures in Blood Gulch with Sheila. Sarge is looking for Simmons so he can brief Red Team on his latest plan to wipe out the Blues. Sarge finds Simmons in the holographic projection room beneath their base, and interrupts Simmons\' heartfelt talk with a holographic version of Sarge. Above ground, Grif, Sarge, and Simmons discuss their strategy for combating Blue Team, which involves restoring the information of the Blue Team in Command\'s databases that was previously erased by Simmons, because the team reasons that they can\'t beat an enemy that doesn\'t exist anymore. Sarge tells Simmons to wake up Donut, who was shown to be still unconscious earlier in the chapter, but they find him missing. Once again at Blue Base, Caboose appears to be recounting previous adventures to Epsilon. The camera pulls back and Donut is revealed to be standing behind Caboose.  * Length: 4:54 * Release Date: June 30, 2009 The Reds are out looking for Donut, heading over to Blue base. Donut confronts Caboose and tells him that he has an important message for Church from Tucker. Caboose quickly explains Church\'s true nature as an AI and Donut tells Caboose the message instead, saying only that Tucker needs help, and that "it is under the sand" before passing out. Caboose misunderstands the message, thinking Donut said, "it\'s under this and", but tells Donut he can rest at Blue Base for as long as he needs to. Meanwhile, Sarge, Grif, and Simmons arrive outside and think that Caboose is torturing Donut. Caboose talks with them and Sarge tries to negotiate Donut\'s release, but Caboose misunderstands the questions, believing the Reds are offering him treats, and becomes angry when they don\'t give him any cookies. Simmons also becomes agitated with the situation before leaving to "go sleep under a tree until it\'s over". Caboose goes back inside the base where Donut has regained consciousness. The episode ends with Donut puzzling over the fact that the normally insubordinate Grif is working with Sarge and that Simmons has uncharacteristically abandoned them.  * Length: 5:16 * Release Date: July 6, 2009 Donut tells Caboose about what happened to him after he was relocated from Blood Gulch, including his debriefing by the Counsellor of Project Freelancer. Donut had arrived at his new base and found a distress signal from Tucker telling him to find Church. Caboose, after explaining the events of Reconstruction to Donut and deciding they need help, calls Washington, who is revealed to be alive but in a maximum security prison. Washington is surprised to hear that Caboose and the Red Team received new bases while he was arrested. He tells the guard he needs to talk to the commander because he just figured out the last part of the "puzzle".  * Length: 4:46 * Release Date: July 13, 2009 After Washington hangs up on Caboose, Donut offers to help him with his project and mentions that the Red team\'s underground holo-room could be useful before returning to Red base. After another accidental fire, Caboose decides to take Donut\'s advice and sneaks off toward Red base with Epsilon, planning to check out the holo-room. There, the Reds are making plans to rescue Donut, who returns and explains his brief visit to Sarge. Only Grif notices Caboose\'s attempt to stealthily enter Red base, but he ignores him and Caboose gains entry to the holo-chamber. Once inside, Epsilon begins to make humming sounds, which alarms Caboose. The scene fades to black and the chapter ends with Caboose mysteriously exclaiming, "It\'s you."  * Length: 5:00 * Release Date: July 27, 2009 Epsilon\'s storage unit suddenly opens up, and the figure of Delta is seen. He explains that Epsilon chose this form because Delta was the main source of information from Caboose\'s stories. Delta asks Caboose for his help on a mission; specifically, he asks Caboose to take him to the source of energy that Donut had previously mentioned, and also where Tucker is supposed to be, so they can punish those who harmed Alpha. Delta states that they must find it themselves because Washington doesn\'t trust Epsilon and Caboose constantly fails at building a new body for Epsilon, explicitly remembering the fires. Caboose agrees to go on this mission. As Delta disappears, the Reds arrive and Caboose tells them that he is leaving to get Tucker. Grif volunteers to go with him so that he can ensure Command acknowledges the Blues exist. Sarge decides to go as well, but Simmons chooses to stay behind with Donut and offer \'logistical support\'.  * Length: 3:52 * Release Date: August 3, 2009 Outside the Red Base the team of Caboose, Sarge, and Grif prepare to leave for Donut\'s given coordinates while Grif questions the capabilities of their new jeep. After they leave, Simmons informs Donut and Lopez that he is going to blow up Blue Base. After he is gone for a long while, Donut decides to go check on him. Meanwhile, after stopping at a number of bathroom breaks for Caboose, the team arrives in the desert, only to be told to vacate over an intercom. This follows with a warning that they\'ve driven into a mine field. The scene cuts out while Caboose and Sarge question whether or not you can own a field and Grif says that he means explosives, just as an explosion is heard.  * Length: 4:40 * Release Date: August 10, 2009 Back at Blue Base, Simmons discusses the mess Caboose has made in his project to build a new body, and mentions how nobody has won the war because they waste their time building “lame robots”, a comment which Lopez takes offense to. Because Lopez is the only one with access to the Red\'s armory, Simmons tries asking him for explosives, but Lopez deliberately stonewalls him. Meanwhile the voice over the intercom tells Grif, Caboose, and Sarge to remain still so they can work out a way to navigate out of the mine field. After they prove incapable of following simple directions, a frustrated Grif decides to just drive his way out. Explosions are heard off screen while the stranger over the intercom agrees that running is just the best option.  * Length: 4:50 * Release Date: August 17, 2009 Grif crashes the jeep into the vehicle driven by the person who was trying to guide them out. As Sarge berates Grif, it is revealed that Caboose was blown up by a mine and seemingly killed, but he shortly falls from the sky, perfectly fine. The guide explains that the area is a restricted dig-site, and is soon joined by a friendly alien, "Smith", apparently of the same species as the previous Aliens they\'d met, revealing to the surprised soldiers that they are working together. In the meantime, Simmons tries to apologize to Lopez, but again offends him by making a comment about Mexicans holding grudges. Realizing he has blown it, Simmons looks for another way to blow up Blue Base. Elsewhere, Washington is led by the prison guard to a door, and is told he has five minutes to talk with the "man in charge". The door is opened, and the voice of the Chairman is heard off-screen, greeting Washington, saying that they have "much to discuss".  * Length: 4:22 * Release Date: August 24, 2009 Shortly after Simmons asks Lopez for explosives, Donut comes back from investigating Blue Base for parts, mentioning off-hand that Caboose took Epsilon with him. Simmons becomes upset, as returning Epsilon to the authorities was part of the deal that got the teams their new bases, and attempts to radio Sarge to let him know. Unfortunately, he is unable to make contact as Sarge\'s radio isn\'t working. Back in the desert, the guide explains the treaty between humans and aliens and that another human team might cause an incident. The guide does permit Sarge, Grif and Caboose to scavenge for parts and supplies as long as they don\'t wander off. As Sarge notes that something "doesn\'t feel right", the guide tells Smith to return to getting into the temple while he takes care of the others, as the camera swings around to reveal the dead bodies of the real investigation team.  * Length: 5:16 * Release Date: August 31, 2009 While Grif and Sarge scavenge various jeeps for parts, Grif notes that all of the radios are either broken or have been completely ripped out, preventing them from calling Simmons. When Caboose suggests he can "fix" one of the missing jeep radios, Grif decides it best not to reason with him. While Sarge and Grif discuss the strange situation, Grif realizes that the investigation team\'s mobile base probably has a radio. Just then Epsilon\'s distinct sounds can be heard. Grif startles Caboose and he drops Epsilon’s carrying unit, just as the guide from before approaches from the distance. Meanwhile, at Red Base, Lopez has assembled two motorcycles in order to allow Simmons and Donut to find Sarge, or so Simmons thinks. Lopez reveals that after years of working with the Red Team he builds two of everything, and sure enough Simmons destroys one of them immediately as he goes to retrieve Donut from Blue Base. Back in the desert, the guide introduces himself simply as CT. CT notices Caboose is gone and points a gun at Grif, demanding to know where Caboose is, a threat with which Sarge has no problem. Just then an alarm sounds and various other soldiers and aliens are seen running towards the mobile base, while Grif confirms that it’s probably Caboose’s doing. CT orders Sarge and Grif to move in the same direction.  * Length: 5:16 * Release Date: September 7, 2009 Donut is cleaning up Blue Base when the Meta appears. Having not been involved with the events of Red vs. Blue: Reconstruction, Donut remains oblivious to the danger, believing the Meta to be a new Blue soldier. Simmons recognizes the Meta, becomes scared, and runs away. Meanwhile, in the desert, Sarge, Grif, and CT run over to find Caboose surrounded by alien and human soldiers in front of the digger. Caboose claims he was "trying to find a home for Epsilon". As CT notices the storage unit and questions what it is, the entire dig site shakes and the temple gate starts to open. As it opens, all the soldiers apart from Sarge, Caboose, and Grif start running towards the gate. CT screams for the soldiers to kill the person in the gate and to make sure it stays open. An open firefight begins with the soldiers all firing at an unknown assailant. Grif attempts to escape in the digger but quickly abandons it because it moves too slow. Sarge, Grif and Caboose start to run away, but encounter Tucker, who orders them to get into the temple while he covers them.  * Length: 5:24 * Release Date: September 14, 2009 Washington and the Chairman hold their meeting, and Washington reveals he knows that the Blue Team has Epsilon. The Blue Team were not searched due to their deletion from Command\'s records. The Chairman agrees to provide Washington with a clean slate and leftover Freelance equipment in exchange for Epsilon\'s retrieval. After a brief shot of Simmons fleeing the Meta, the scene returns to the desert, where Tucker shuts the temple door and becomes dismayed at the lack of help in response to his distress call. He then reveals that an ancient weapon is supposedly buried in the temple, similar to the ones used in the Great War, and that he and Junior have been acting as negotiators between humans and aliens. However, CT\'s team came with the intent of selling the ancient weapon, and killed the previous dig team. Tucker then requests that the others either help him get rid of the invading soldiers or destroy the weapon.  * Length: 4:31 * Release Date: September 21, 2009 As CT\'s team attempts to smash into the ruins with the digger to no avail, Tucker explains the importance of not activating the weapon, explaining the last one was designed to wipe out all organic life in a large radius. During this time, Caboose wanders off, forcing the others to go look for him. Back at Valhalla, Simmons and Lopez attempt to attack the Meta. Simmons only succeeds in destroying the motorcycle again while Lopez takes out the Meta with a missile pod launcher. In the ruins, Tucker, Grif and Sarge happen upon Caboose, who has found a floating robot that has Church\'s voice, though he seems to have no memory of either Sarge, Grif, or Tucker.  * Length: 5:33 * Release Date: September 28, 2009 Simmons and Lopez fortify the Red Base in preparation for the Meta\'s next attack. However, Donut arrives, and is angry at Simmons for not introducing him to the Meta. Meanwhile, in Sandtrap, Caboose explains that he built a new body for Epsilon. Because it still had residual memories of the original Church, Epsilon inherited his voice and personality. However, Epsilon Church\'s memories are still incomplete, and the only knowledge he possesses about the Red and Blue Teams are based completely on the stories Caboose told him. Everybody begins arguing as their tempers flare, only to be stopped by Epsilon Church. Epsilon Church declares that he will be their leader, and that they need to set aside their differences and destroy the weapon to save countless lives. As he says this, he begins to drift sideways, and complains that he doesn\'t have full control of his body yet.  * Length: 5:25 * Release Date: October 5, 2009 As the Valhalla group assesses their situation, Donut mistakenly translates one of Lopez\'s comments on the vehicles as a possibility for escape by hijacking the Meta\'s transport. Simmons and Donut begin to speculate where the Meta\'s vehicle might be, with Simmons suggesting they leave Lopez behind on grounds of being expendable. At the temple, Epsilon Church manages to regain mobility and stops himself. He then attempts to access his memories and functions as Caboose warns Tucker about the repressed torture memories within him. In the end, Epsilon Church only manages to deactivate his short term memory as somebody gains entrance to the temple.  * Length: 4:18 * Release Date: October 12, 2009 The Reds at Valhalla make a break for Blue Base in an attempt to escape The Meta. Meanwhile at the temple, Sarge expresses his concerns about Blue Team, now that they outnumber the Reds with their "three members". Grif assures Sarge that they don\'t have any advantage, and that Epsilon Church hardly counts as a soldier. Just then CT \'s group is heard breaking through the temple door. Caboose fixes Church\'s short term memory problem by bashing him, when alien soldiers appear and the Reds engage them in battle. Epsilon Church discovers he has telekinetic powers, but then loses control of his body again, floating out of the room.  * Length: 4:42 * Release Date: October 19, 2009 The Reds at Valhalla locate the Meta\'s cloaked jeep and prepare to make off with it. Meanwhile the team at the temple are forced to engage a chain gun-wielding alien that suddenly stops firing when it sees Epsilon-Church, to whom it bows. After Tucker reveals that many aliens worship the old artifacts, Epsilon-Church flings a box into the alien. CT\'s group arrives and one of his soldiers overcharges his plasma pistol and disables Epsilon-Church, prompting the aliens to retaliate. CT flees with Epsilon-Church and Grif, Sarge, and Caboose give chase in the Warthog while avoiding rocket fire. Caboose fires the EMP cannon at - and misses - CT\'s fleeing jeep, causing the Warthog to shut down momentarily. However a distraction by Tucker gives time for the Warthog to reset, letting Caboose dispatch CT\'s accomplices whilst the other aliens pursue CT.  *Length: 6:20 *Release date: October 26, 2009 C.T. manages to injure the two aliens pursuing him, only for Tucker to destroy his jeep with his sword, although CT survives the explosion. As Caboose looks for Epsilon-Church, CT corners Tucker on a ledge. Tucker asks who CT is, but CT gives no answer. Epsilon-Church rises up from behind and obliterates CT with his laser face, but now Sarge, Caboose, Grif, Epsilon-Church, and Tucker find themselves facing the aliens. At Valhalla the Meta\'s jeep won\'t start and the Reds have no ammunition to combat the Meta with. Simmons attempts to use the jeeps chaingun to gun down the Meta, but is unable to turn it due to lack of power. Just before the Meta attacks, Agent Washington appears, telling him to stand down, and demanding Epsilon from the Reds. The Reds are confused at the situation, but Washington loses all patience, shooting Lopez in the head and firing at Donut, seemingly killing him. As Simmons calls out to his fallen teammates, Washington flashes back to his meeting with the Chairman, and claims that he has no desire to simply ask for Epsilon back, since Epsilon\'s retrieval will allow him to leave behind a life of betrayals and double-dealings.'] ['The story is about a boy called Mangchi. He is small, but he possesses a magical hammer that helps him get around all his problems. He therefore got the nickname of "Hammerboy". Mangchi lives on a small distant island called Candlestick because everywhere else has turned into a wasteland because of some big catastrophe. When Princess Poplar from the kingdom of Jemius is being pursued by henchmen of the conspirator Moonk, Hammerboy sides with her, ready to unleash all his latent powers in order to save humankind. Note: the movie has scenes where the Hammerboy\'s penis appears. Some people believe that makes the Korean cartoons have some "spectre" of Shotacon.'] [" Taking place in the final months of World War II in Japan, Grave of the Fireflies is the tale of the relationship between two orphaned children, 14-year-old Seita and his young 4-year-old sister Setsuko. The film opens in Sannomiya Station on September 21, 1945, and portrays Seita, in rags and dying of starvation. A janitor comes and digs through his possessions, and finds a candy tin containing ashes and bones. He throws it out, and from it spring the spirits of Setsuko and Seita, as well as a cloud of fireflies. The spirit of Seita continues to narrate their story, which is, in effect, an extended flashback to Japan near the end of World War II, during the firebombing of the city of Kobe. The flashback begins with a fleet of American B-29 Superfortress bombers flying overhead. Setsuko and Seita, the two siblings, are left to secure the house and their belongings, allowing their mother, who suffers from a heart condition, to reach a bomb shelter. They are caught off-guard as the bombers begin to drop hundreds of incendiary bomblets, which start huge fires that quickly destroy their neighbourhood and most of the city. Although they survive unscathed, their mother is caught in the air raid and is horribly burned. She is taken to a makeshift clinic in a school, but dies a short time later. Having nowhere else to go, Setsuko and Seita move in with a distant aunt, who allows them to stay but convinces Seita to sell his mother's kimonos for rice. While living with their relatives, Seita goes out to retrieve leftover supplies he had buried in the ground before the bombing. He gives all of it to his aunt, but hides a small tin of fruit drops, which becomes a recurrent icon throughout the film. Their aunt continues to shelter them, but as their food rations continue to shrink due to the war, she becomes increasingly resentful. She openly remarks on how they do nothing to earn the food she cooks. Seita and Setsuko finally decide to leave and move into an abandoned bomb shelter. They release fireflies into the shelter for light, but Setsuko is horrified to find that the next day they are all dead. She digs them a grave and buries them all, asking why they have to die, and why her mother had to die. What begins as a new lease on life grows grim as they run out of rice, and Seita is forced to steal from local farmers and loot homes during air raids. When he is caught, he realizes his desperation and takes an increasingly ill Setsuko to a doctor, who informs him that Setsuko is suffering from malnutrition but offers no help. In a panic, Seita withdraws all the money remaining in their mother's bank account. As he leaves the bank, he is distraught when he learns from a nearby crowd that Japan has surrendered unconditionally to the Allied Powers and that his father, a Captain in the Imperial Japanese Navy who had promised him that Japan could never be defeated, is probably dead, since nearly all of Japan's navy is now at the bottom of the ocean. He returns to the shelter with large quantities of food, only to find a dying Setsuko hallucinating. Seita hurries to cook, but Setsuko dies shortly thereafter. Seita uses supplies donated to him by a farmer to cremate Setsuko, and puts her ashes in the fruit tin which he carries with his father's photograph, until his own death from malnutrition in Sannomiya Station a few weeks later. In the film's final scene, the spirits of Seita and Setsuko are seen healthy, well-dressed and happy as they sit together, surrounded by fireflies, and look down on the modern city of Kobe."] ["The film begins with the Imperial Revue celebrating Leni Milchstrasse's seventeenth birthday following a performance at the Great Imperial Theater. During this, Yūichi Kayama appears to join the celebration. The next morning, on Christmas Day, Sumire Kanzaki and Maria Tachibana visit a theater, where Maria finds out that Brent was one of the mafia members in New York when Maria was in the United States. At the Great Imperial Theater, Lachette Altair arrives from New York to be assigned into the Imperial Assault Force Flower Division. Douglas-Stewart president Brent Furlong and his subordinate, Patrick Hamilton, summon the Kouma to obliterate a city. The Flower Division is summoned to the battlefield where the Kouma are at. However, during the battle, Lachette appears in an Eisenkleid and briefly battles the Kouma. They retreat and the Flower Division is introduced to Lachette. Meanwhile, Brent and another one of his subordinates, Haruyoshi Tanuma, arrive at the facility where the Japhkiels, robots made by Douglas-Stewart, are made. One of them attacks Tanuma, scaring him. Patrick uses a soundwave technique to stop the attacking Japhkiel. After the division suffers injuries sustained in battles, division commander Ikki Yoneda and count Yoritsune Hakakōji are suddenly captured by Patrick and they are informed that the Theater has been taken over by the army and they are ordered on indefinite standby. Soletta Orihime is ordered to go in her Eisenkleid, but she is manipulated by Patrick. Meanwhile, Maria investigates the Douglas-Stewart facility and is injured following an ambush by Patrick. Back at the Flower Mansion, the seven remanining members of the Flower Division and Yokihiko Ōta of the Rose Division, who reveals that the army was being manipulated by Douglas-Stewart, work together to take back the theater. With the help of Kohran's Katsuryu-maru, the seven rebel against the army and successfully take back the theater. Following another battle with the Kouma, the Division confronts the manipulated Orihime. During the struggle, Lachette inadvetently destroys Leni's Eisenkleid in the process in an attempt to kill her. Orihime releases power blasts at the division, but they destroy her Eisenkleid, returning her to normal. Kayama rescues Yoneda and Hanakōji while the facility is destroyed, but Brent escapes and combines with the remaining Japhkiels. Brent overwhelms all of the protagonists and destroys Lachette's Eisenklied in the process. Following an ambush on Brent by division captain Ichirō Ōgami, the division defeats Brent and saves Japan. Meanwhile, Maria confronts and defeats Patrick on a rooftop. Later, the Flower Division puts on a play based on Kyōka Izumi's The Sea God's Villa and turns out to be a success. The film ends with Sakura walking down a street filled with cherry blossoms."] [' The short follows Sachi , a girl locked in a game of hide-and-seek with her cat Cicerone. Her search leads her to an old longcase clock which doubles as a doorway to a labyrinth world. The world is filled with supernatural oddities and characters, such as cardboard working class citizens, an invisible dog, a skeleton-led train and a weird circus. Eventually, Sachi and Cicerone arrive at a circus tent where a viewing screen is displayed, leading to the following segments.  Zach Hugh  is the titular "Running Man," the undefeated champion of the "Death Circus" racing circuit and has raced for 10 years. Competitors race in high-speed Formula One-like craft, and spectators bet on the lives of these people for huge winnings. A Marlowe-esque reporter  is sent to interview the mysterious Zach outside of the track and watches one of his races. He soon discovers Hugh has telekinetic abilities which he uses to destroy the other racers, after quietly observing him in the dark chronically over-using an interface console inside Hugh\'s penthouse. As the race ends in his favor, Hugh begins to see the spirits of racers who perished on the track and he continues the race until his vehicle goes up in flames. The Death Circus ends shortly afterwards, the reporter believes it was because spectators wanted to see how long Hugh could outlast death.   A revolution in the fictional South American country of the Aloana Republic has resulted in a new government being installed; this new government refuses to accept a contract detailing the construction of Facility 444. The company responsible for the construction has begun to lose millions, so salaryman Tsutomu Sugioka (Yū Mizushima/[[Robert Axelrod  is sent to stop production. The work is completely automated, carried out by robots programmed to finish the job no matter the consequences and led by a robot identified as 444-1 . Witnessing the destruction of several robots and Robot 444-1\'s refusal to cease operations, Tsutomu begins to lose his patience and is nearly killed by 444-1 who was programmed to eliminate anything that poses a threat to the project. He retaliates by destroying 444-1 and follows its powercord that leads to the energy source of the robots in an attempt to finally end the production. Unknown to Tsutomu, the old government has been restored and they have agreed to honor the contract once more.'] [' The special is the story of Bardock, a so-called low-level soldier in Frieza\'s armed forces. At the outset of the story, his son, Kakarot, is born on Planet Vegeta, and is being prepared to be sent to a "frontier planet"  in order to destroy all life on the planet. Meanwhile, Bardock and his crew are on an assignment to exterminate all the lifeforms of Planet Kanassa. After the planet is seemingly devoid of all other life, Bardock and crew rest up and celebrate their victory until one remaining Kanassan warrior catches him off guard and decides to give him the "gift" of seeing the future, before being destroyed by Bardock. This gives him the ability to see the destruction of Planet Vegeta, and the oppression of the entire universe at the hands of Frieza. Bardock dismisses the visions, and goes to join his team on Planet Meat, but soon discovers his friends are all dead. He then briefly talks with the nearly deceased Tora, who tells him that Frieza ordered the attack on the crew, saying that Frieza was frightened by the growing power of the Saiyans. Horrified and then furious by his fallen comrade\'s words, he takes Tora\'s blood-soaked armband and wraps it around his head. He battles the ones responsible, and defeats them all, but is easily overwhelmed by a single mouth blast from Frieza\'s henchman Dodoria. He is left severely injured, but manages to return back to Planet Vegeta. Bardock now realizes Frieza intends to destroy the entire Saiyan race by annihilating their homeworld. Unfortunately, he is unable to convince the others of the approaching peril and, with no other choice, decides to confront Frieza himself. After penetrating Frieza\'s armed guard, Bardock sends a large energy blast at the tyrant himself, expecting a sure victory. However, Frieza counters this with his "Supernova" technique, which destroys Bardock, many of his own guards, and the Planet Vegeta itself. As he is dying, Bardock sees one more vision of the future: his son Kakarot facing Frieza. Being assured that Kakarot will be the one to defeat Frieza, Bardock gives a small smile as he disintegrates along with the planet. Bardock, after his death, telepathically tells his son Kakarot in the space pod to avenge the Saiyans, to which Kakarot wakes up. Elsewhere, Vegeta, having just completed an assignment on a far-off world, is informed by Nappa  of his homeworld\'s destruction, and that Frieza claims that the planet was destroyed by a huge meteor. Vegeta\'s pride keeps him from expressing his shock, and he remains outwardly emotionless. Soon afterward, Kakarot\'s space pod touches down on Earth, where he is found by an elder man named Gohan, gets amnesia by hitting his head causing him to lose his instincts then giggles happily in the old man\'s arms. Gohan then decides to adopt the boy as his own grandson, and gives him a new name, the name he will go by when he defeats Frieza-Goku.'] ["{{plot}} Duke Togo - also known as Golgo 13 - is hired to assassinate Robert Dawson, the son of oil baron Leonard Dawson and the heir of Dawson Enterprises and succeeds After accomplishing a hit on a powerful crime boss in Sicily, Golgo is suddenly attacked by the U.S. military and discovers his informant has been killed by Snake, a genetically altered assassin. Aided by the U.S. Army, the FBI, and the CIA, Dawson has become determined to kill Golgo and avenge his son's death. A military force led by Lieutenant Bob Bragan attempts to ambush while Golgo is in the middle of an assignment in San Francisco, California to assassinate an ex-Nazi official. The plan fails and Bragan's entire force is wiped out. However, a dying Bragan manages to wound Golgo. Meanwhile Rita, the mechanic that supplied Golgo with his get away car is murdered by Snake. Having been consumed by revenge, Dawson has begun to allow the rest of his family to be harmed. For Snake's cooperation he allows her to rape Laura, Roberts wife and sends his granddaughter and butler to an airport to murder Golgo with a firearm concealed in a doll. The shot misses and the butler reaches for his handgun Golgo shoots the butler in the chest, a crowd gathers and Golgo walks away nonchalantly. Dawson, in a meeting with the FBI and other Business Moguls request the release of Gold and Silver, two notorious murderers who were part of a covert government operation to test the survival rate of mercenaries in the jungles of Africa. When the group refuses his request Dawson threatens to halt all operations that his company controls which include oil refineries and banks, the group agrees to his demands in fear that the economy of the country will collapse. When Laura demands to know why Dawson has refused to seek vengeance on whoever ordered the hit on Robert, he refuses to answer. Meeting Pablo, an informant for Golgo, informs him that Dawson ordered the hit on him and that he's currently in Dawson tower awaiting his advance. Pablo goes on to inform Golgo that his wife and children are being kept at ransom in the tower. Pablo attempts to shoot Golgo with an M1911 pistol only to find Golgo was already positioned. Pablo gets shot by Golgo and his body falls into a pool of stagnant water. Golgo arrives at Dawson Tower in New York City, crashing through the front door while riding a motorcycle he begins his ascent to the top floor on foot. While on the move Golgo is attacked by Snake. A brutal, yet skillful fight occurs between the two in an elevator, Golgo suffers a deep cut on his side. During the brutal duel Golgo gains the upper hand pummeling Snake into submission, an attack helicopter shoots the elevator, killing snake while Golgo hides by the edge unseen by the helicopter. Gold and Silver are then sent to ambush Golgo. During the attack Golgo counters both of them and shoots both of them in their torso. With their apparent death Golgo walks away while reloading his revolver. Gold and Silver attack once more, Golgo punches Silver's face stunning him, Gold lunges Golgo grabbing the wound he suffered earlier. Golgo bludgeons Gold on the head with the butt of his revolver, He collapses. Golgo reloads his revolver and then proceeds to shoot Gold as he crawls towards him. Silver runs towards Golgo, Golgo quickly stuffs a grenade in Silver's mouth killing him. Golgo proceeds towards Dawson. Admitting failure Dawson orders all action against Golgo to end. Golgo finally encounters Dawson at the top of his building. Following a brief monologue, Dawson attempts suicide by leaping out of the window. It is then revealed that Robert had ordered the hit on himself. Before Dawson hits the ground, Golgo shoots him in the head, Dawson falls headfirst crushing his skull and any evidence that he was shot. His death is ruled as accidental by the police. Back on the streets, Golgo encounters Laura, who has since become a prostitute. Upon recognizing him, she attempts to shoot him. As Golgo begins to leave, she fires her gun, but an unaffected Golgo continues walking."] ['The film opens with events that happened at InuYasha\'s birth. The suitor Takemaru kills Lady Izayoi just before InuYasha\'s father arrives. InuYasha\'s father, still injured from his battle with Ryūkotsusei, arrives and resurrects Izayoi with the Tenseiga, telling her to escape with their son, whom he names as InuYasha and gives her the Cloth of the Fire Rat to protect them from the burning palace. InuYasha\'s father dies in the burning down of the castle as he moves to face Takemaru and draws his third sword. In the present era, Kagome\'s grandfather comes by with a sword which he calls a "national treasure"; as Grandpa is about to put it in the storehouse for "safe keeping", Kagome\'s younger brother goes over to the sword, and it speaks, or more accurately, the spirit of the sheath, Saiya. With his seven hundred year spell on the sword So\'unga failing, Saiya seeks out InuYasha, hoping he has the willpower to control the sword. Unfortunately, he was mistaken, as it tried to possess InuYasha, but InuYasha tried his best to resist being controlled and finally brings the sword back to the past, but in the process unleashes the deadly Dragon Twister on an evacuated village, a technique far more powerful than the Tetsuseiga\'s Backlash Wave or the Tenseiga\'s Dragon Strike. Sesshomaru is also alerted to the return of So\'unga, and he follows the scent to find that InuYasha is in possession of the sword. The two of them duel and at a crucial moment, Kagome, having returned with Saiya, saves the day and forces the So\'unga to release InuYasha from its grasp. As InuYasha and Sesshomaru depart their respective companies to seek out So\'unga, Myoga, Totosai and Saiya explained that explain to everyone that in the aftermath of InuYusha\'s father\'s death two hundred years ago, they carried out his last commands for his three swords. While the Tetsuseiga and Tenseiga were taken care of, Saiya claimed that there were no instructions for how to dispose of So\'unga. Unable to give it to InuYasha or Sesshomaru, Saiya decides to keep So\'unga asleep for at least seven hundred years and had it thrown into the Bone Eater\'s Well, where it ended up in the possession of Kagome\'s family. Meanwhile, So\'unga finds a new demon host and recovers Sesshomaru\'s lost left arm from the netherworld, then revives Takemaru, playing on his hatred for the Dog General and his sons. Takemaru slaughters an entire castle and resurrects the living dead to wear down his enemies\' strength. During the battle Kagome and Rin are kidnapped. Both of the brothers take off to protect the girls, whom So\'unga urges Takemaru to kill to enrage their foes. However, InuYasha manages to overcome Takemaru, crediting his desire to protect Kagome as his strength. Takemaru then realizes that InuYasha\'s mother wanted him to live and that he loved her. His flesh then erodes to nothing but bones. Sesshomaru then uses Tenseiga to prevent demonic imps from resurrecting Takemaru. However, the battle was far from over. So\'unga creates itself a new body and opens a gateway to the netherworld, threatening to end all life on Earth. While Saiya protects the humans from being overcomed by the dead souls from the netherworld, InuYasha and Sesshomaru do battle with So\'unga, both determined to defeat the sword on their own. Individually, So\'unga was stronger than either the Tenseiga or the Tetsuseiga. As they dueled they managed to combine their attacks and overwhelm So\'unga\'s Dragon Twister, causing the sword and Sesshomaru\'s left arm to fall into the pit of hell. At the end, InuYasha and Sesshomaru see their father as he thanks them for destroying the sword. After the end credits, InuYasha and Kagome both lay on a hill, and then Kagome tells InuYasha that she thought Sesshomaru didn\'t like humans, and InuYasha replied that he didn\'t care at all. Meanwhile Kagome remembered something: InuYasha\'s enchanted beads. Kagome ordered InuYasha to sit up and close his eyes, and told him that she had a nice surprise for him. While his eyes were closed, Kagome placed his enchanted beads around his neck. Suddenly InuYasha realised that the "nice" surprise was actually the enchanted beads. InuYasha told Kagome to take them off, but Kagome refused to because she didn\'t want InuYasha running off again. Kagome then tells InuYasha to sit very sweetly which causes InuYasha to fall on the ground and the screen goes black, ending the movie.'] ["Jeanne and Jean are being happily married in their rural village. Their idyll is promptly shattered when Jeanne, on her wedding night, is subjected to a ritual deflowering by the village headsman and his lackeys and subsequently rejected by Jean. Now disillusioned with the present order of society, she makes a deal with the Devil in return for the power to lead a rebellion. The narrative of Michelet's Sorceress and her resistance against feudalism and the Catholic Church is fudged into that of Joan of Arc , whom Belladonnas Jeanne is revealed to be, and her execution by burning."] ["In the story it is explained that it is time for Doraemon's younger sister - Dorami-chan to graduate from the Robot School. But a mysterious wind sucks Doraemon and the principal away. Dorami escapes, and finds Doraemon's Good Friend Telepathy Card. This is a device Doraemon uses to communicate with his friends—collectively known as The Doraemons."] ["The movie tells the story of Melos, a Greek country man that gets arrested and accused of conspiracy against the king. He gets three days to travel to his sister's wedding while Selinentius , a genius sculptor that Melos just met stays as a hostage. As opposed to Osamu Dazai's original story, Melos is here innocent of the conspiracy accusation."] ['Alexander is son of Philip II, king of Macedonia and Olympias, a snake witch. Desiring to attain \'speed\', Alexander heads to the woods with allies Philotas and Hephaestion, where he tames a wild man-eating horse. There he meets and befriends Cleitus and Ptolemy, recruiting them to join his cavalry. Macedonia heads to war with Athens, led by King Philip and his top advisers, Attalus, Parmenion  and Antipater. Philip becomes concerned with Alexander\'s absence, but Alexander and his cavalry arrive at the last moment, exploiting a break in the Athenian lines and leading Macedonia to victory. After their defeat, Athens ambassadors head to Persia, where they hope to align with new king Darius III. Alexander and his friends however sneak in as Athens slaves then kill the guards, causing Persia to think that Athens is betraying them. While Ptolemy is caught and suspended in the air, Alexander is able to save him from execution at the last minute by releasing all the horses in the city from their stables. While in Persia Alexander also meets a woman named Roxanne. Attalus tricks Philip into thinking that Olympias and Alexander are trying to betray him. Philip banishes Olympias and marries Attalus\'s daughter Eurydice, who gives birth to a son that Philip desires to become king instead of Alexander. Philip holds a great ceremony to present his new prince to the masses and also constructs a huge golden statue of himelf, declaring himself a God. During the ceremony however the statue crumbles and a guard hypnotized by Olympias assassinates Philip. Following Philip\'s death Alexander ascends to King and Attalus is executed. Athens plots to fight back against Macedonia, doubting Alexander\'s strength, but relents once Macedonia defeats Thebes in battle. Alexander places severe demands on Athens but relents on most of them after meeting with the philosopher Diogenes. Alexander next plots an attack on Persia and starts leading his troops there. Around this time Parmenion reveals to Philotas a secret about Alexander, that prior to his birth Olympias proclaimed that he would destroy the world. In addition, Aristotle sends his niece, Cassandra, to join Alexander\'s cavalry. Macedonia\'s forces continue to head through Persia\'s territories with multiple victories. Along the way Alexander recruits the doctor Phillipas to join him after undoing \'Gordian\'s Knot\' which has been said can only be undone by the King. In their next battle with Persia, Macedonia\'s troops are hopelessly outnumbered by Persia\'s which are 10 times that of Macedonia\'s, but Darius tells his forces to retreat when members of the Pythagorean Cult intervene. During the battle Philotas falls off his horse and has a vision of Olympias summoning demons. While in Egypt Alexander meets Dinocrates, a member of his army who tells him of the great city he\'d prefer to create there, Alexandria. Alexander has a vision of himself being in Alexandria 100 years after his death where he visits the place where he was entombed by Ptolemy. Before leaving Egypt Alexander and his men visit the Temple of Ammon where they are told that Alexander will be killed by the one he trusts the most. Ptolemy witnesses a separate prophecy, that he will become Great King of the World. Plotting with Persia, Pythagorean cult members make another attempt on Alexander\'s life but he is able to fight them off. Darius leads Persia\'s armies against Macedonia\'s. Aristotle meanwhile meets with Diogenes, requesting the Plato-Hedron, the device which contains the knowledge of the entire world. Diogenes claims however that he tossed it aside. The two watch as the battle continues. The Macedonian army gains new strength when there is an eclipse of the moon, and the Plato-Hedron appears and ascends to the heavens. As the battle nears its conclusion, Alexander kills Darius, defeating the Persians once and for all. With Persia now part of his empire, Alexander recruits Sagibarzanes, Darius\'s former adviser to become a top adviser of his. The Macedonian army becomes concerned that Alexander wants to continue heading east rather than return to Macedonia. Philotas dismisses their complaints but doesn\'t tell Alexander. Aristotle is also concerned with Alexander\'s actions and tells Cassandra that she will have to kill him should he continue to push eastward. Phillipas, secretly a member of the Pythagorean cult plots with them to kill Alexander during his wedding to Roxanne through the use of a dancer possessing poison. During the battle she poisons Alexander but is killed before finishing him off. Sagibarzanes, also a member of the Pythagorean cult frames Parmenion and Philotas for treason. Parmenion is killed and Philotas is tied up and stoned to death. While Alexander arrives during the stoning Philotas requests he let him die so as to not show weakness to the Persians. Phillipas, who treats Alexander has the opportunity to poison Alexander but instead reveals the truth to him, provides Alexander the means to heal himself, then poisons himself with the poison intended for Alexander. After executing Sagibarzanes and the other Persian traitors, Alexander leads his forces towards India. Aristotle provides Cassandra with a parchment that she is instructed to read when they reach India. They reach India where they see a large number of horse-like men known as the Brahman priests. Cleitus, becoming increasingly suspicious of Alexander questions his motives however the Brahman attack. Alexander and Cleitus are able to finish them off. Cassandra reads the parchment, which puts her under a spell from Aristotle to kill Alexander. When she lunges towards him however, Cleitus steps in the way and takes the fatal stab himself. Alexander and the others continue through India where they encounter a massive army made up of all the soldiers they have killed over the years. During the battle Haphestian is killed when Alexander fights the ghost of Darius. Alexander takes on King Porus, who takes on his own appearance, then encounters Pythagoras at the end of the world. Alexander embraces his destiny as destroyer of the world and yet the world survives. After their return to Macedonia we learn that Aristotle can no longer even remember who Cassandra was. Later Alexander is asked to get out of the light by a child drawing geometric shapes and writing formulas on the ground. After being told Roxanne is pregnant with his child, foiling Ptolemy\'s assassination attempt , and planning a new conquest in Arabia, Alexander looks at the child\'s work and is asked what he is looking at. Alexander replies, "The creation of the world. I am looking at the scene where the world I destroyed is created anew." At the very end we learn that the child\'s name is Euclid and he pulls out a small version of the platohedron showing that the destruction of the world was metaphysical in nature and that the new world of Euclid and Ptolemy I Soter has replaced the old world of Aristotle and Plato.'] ["In the movie, the Z-Fighters face a new threat that starts with the burning of a forest, in which Gohan and Krillin rescue the forest animals and a small dragon named Icarus. Although they are able to restore the forest to its normal state with the Dragon Balls, Icarus doesn't return and stays with Gohan, much to Chi-Chi's fury. Goku then shows a nearby cave to let Gohan keep the dragon with him. Later, the Earth is visited by an unfriendly group of aliens under the leadership of a Saiyan. Upon arriving, they plant a seed which grows the Tree of Might, a plant that sucks the life of the planet on which it was planted and leaves it a desert. At King Kai's request, Goku, Krillin, Yamcha, Tien and Chiaotzu investigate and try to destroy the Tree, but are unsuccessful. They are then confronted by the aliens whilst their leader watches from inside the spaceship. Eventually, Krillin, Yamcha, Tien and Chiaotzu are defeated by the aliens, with only Goku remaining as the one who can hold his own against them. During the ensuing battle, Chiaotzu is rescued by Gohan, who had just arrived, and demonstrates his incredible fighting skills by easily taking out the two identical aliens. He is then encountered by the aliens' leader Turles, a Saiyan who bears a striking resemblance to Goku. Turles gives Gohan a choice to either join him or die. Gohan refuses to join Turles, and is saved in time thanks to the arrival of Piccolo. However, Turles defeats the both of them and creates an artificial moon, turning Gohan into a Great Ape and sets him on Goku, who is almost crushed to death in Gohan's hand until Icarus arrives and calms Gohan down. But when Turles attacks Icarus, Gohan is angered and turns on Turles, who fires an attack at Gohan. Before the attack can make contact, Goku manages to cut his son's tail off and restore him to normal. Cradling the little one in his arms, Goku threatens Turles. Angry and impressed at the same time, Turles sets his henchmen on Goku, who uses the Kaioken attack and makes quick work of them while Piccolo unsuccessfully fights Turles again. Goku and Turles then fight, with Goku having the upper hand, until Turles pushes his power further by eating a fruit from the Tree of Might. With his new power, Turles dominates Goku and beats him to the point that he is no longer able to fight, even with the use of the Kaioken x10 . Slowly recovering while Turles is distracted by the rest of the Z-Fighters, whom he brutally dispatches, Goku decides to use his Spirit Bomb. Despite gaining energy from the living, he is not able to attack Turles as he counterattacks with a blast of his own, neutralizing Goku's Spirit Bomb. Unable to gather more energy from living beings, Goku decides to steal energy from inside the Tree of Might itself. Eventually successful in creating the Spirit Bomb, Goku sees his opportunity, and fires it straight into Turles, who is carried up the trunk of the Tree of Might and destroyed along with the Tree when the Spirit Bomb explodes. With the terror now over, the Z-Fighters return to their normal lives once again.  Some believe that the movie is set during the time the Z Fighters train in preparation for the androids; all the Z Fighters are alive, with Yamcha's gi back having the King Kai symbol to support that they were killed during the Saiyan Saga and resurrected at the end of the Namek Arc. Goku is also able to increase his Kiaoken up to 10x which wasn't possible until he got to planet Namek to defeat Frieza. However, Goku does not turn Super Saiyan when it was needed even though when he returned to Earth after defeating Frieza he was able to turn into a Super Saiyan in front of Trunks, and Gohan does not know Icarus who had already appeared in the Garlic Jr. Saga. Yamcha's hair is longer than it was during the Trunks Saga, Vegeta does not show up, and Lakasei mentions that with the fruit of the tree they would have been able to defeat Frieza although Frieza is already dead . Some Dragon Ball Z sites say that Turles had somehow gotten his hands on the Tree of Might seeds, and was planting them on other planets before Earth and had been eating the fruit from the Tree for quite some time, just on different worlds. Earth is full of life, which is why he seeks out Earth, to gain more power than ever from a fruit from the tree that was planted on Earth. This is never explained fully, however. His overwhelming power over Goku could also be explained by the ability of saiyans to become much stronger after being beaten to near-death . Another notable aspect of the movie is that Gohan's haircut was the same as just before he left for Namek. Anime movies, and the Dragonball Z movies in particular have an infamous habit of disregarding plot elements from the main series, it is likely that this movie was intended to take place some time before the Namek Saga mainly due to the absence of Goku's super saiyan transformation, however there are far too many inconsistencies to firmly place it at any specific time. It is possible that that character design inconsistencies are due to Toei Animation using their more recent work as reference and it shouldn't be held in high regard. Another common assumption for this film, like with the others in the movie series that suffer the same continuity problems, is that the story simply takes place in an alternate universe.  Turles  is the featured supervillain in Dragon Ball Z: The Tree of Might. He is an upper class Saiyan with somewhat grey skin and bears a striking resemblance to Goku, and can be considered an alternate version of Goku if he had never found peace on Earth, however, his in-universe story has varied from dub to dub. In some dub their resemblance to each other is because when it came to identifying the lower class breed of saiyans many of them would look alike , yet, on others dub, Turles is simply the long lost twin brother of Goku sent on a mission like Goku was before the fall of the saiyan planet by the hands of Frieza. He roamed the universe under the planet trade organization, but went defunct after discovering the Tree of Might seeds, which are capable of taking away the planets energy to supply power to the fruit it grows, able to enhance ones own strength exponentially. He quickly assembled the Turles Crusher Corps, a band of rebels who had terrorized several planets before, and began to conquer planets for himself before along with his squad of henchmen, make their way toward Earth to check up on the Saiyan, Kakarot . Upon arriving on Earth, he planned to plant the seed of the Tree of Might, but finds resistance from the Z Fighters. While fighting Goku, Turles eats one of the fruits and he greatly overpowers him gaining the upper hand, even able to destroy a Spirit Bomb. With the planets energy slowly deteriorating, Goku creates another Spirit Bomb from the immense energy of the Tree of Might and uses this to kill Turles and destroy the tree. In Tenkaichi 2 and 3 he is given an exclusive Oozaru form for the game. Turles is voiced by Masako Nozawa, Ted Cole in the Ocean Group English dub, Chris Patton in Funimation English dub."] ['The story is set in 1966. Its main protagonist is a girl named Saya, who hunts bat-like creatures called chiropterans. Saya is introduced on a subway train, where she assassinates a man in a suit. Her American contacts or handlers arrive. One of them, David, begins to brief Saya on another mission, while the other, Louis, discovers that the man Saya has just killed was probably not a chiropteran. Saya\'s next mission begins at the American Yokota Air Base, which is active in the buildup to the Vietnam War. At least one chiropteran has managed to infiltrate the air base, and it is only a matter of time before they feed again, go into hibernation, and become untraceable. Saya is to pose as a school girl, infiltrate the high school adjacent to the base, and then track and kill the chiropterans. At the school, Saya runs into a meek nurse, Makiho Amano, on the eve of the school\'s annual Halloween party. Two of Saya\'s classmates, Sharon and Linda, make a visit to Makiho at the nurse\'s office. Suddenly, Saya bursts into the room, killing Linda and wounding Sharon, breaking her sword in the process. Both girls are revealed to be chiropterans. Makiho goes into shock at the revelation. Meanwhile, a third chiropteran reveals itself and begins making its way to the base. Back at the school, Makiho regains her nerve and pursues Sharon into a room full of dancing Americans in costume, where she finds Sharon transformed. Saya saves her and both flee into a nearby motor pool. The chiropterans trap them inside and attack. David delivers a new sword, and Saya uses it to kill Sharon. The final chiropteran then decides to flee, attempting to stow away on a departing cargo plane. David and Saya give chase and she manages to strike the chiropteran and mortally wound it. She then stands over the dying creature and lets some of her blood trickle into its mouth. Louis arrives and recovers Makiho before the local police reach her. Afterwards, Makiho is seen at an interview with government officials who question her about the night\'s events. However, it\'s revealed that all evidence of the battle between Saya and the chiropterans has been covered up and both David and Saya have disappeared, leaving Makiho with nothing to prove the veracity of her story. Her interviewer then asks her to identify Saya in a picture which has a girl that looks identical to her, except the picture was taken in 1892. The only other description of the picture is the word "VAMPIRE". Makiho then returns to the school, where she narrates that she never really discovered the full truth behind Saya and the chiropterans, and wonders if she\'s still out there fighting them.'] ['"Sweet JP" - rightfully named for his personality, retro style, and refusal to mount weapons on his racecar - nearly wins the "Yellowline" race against a host of semi-pro alien drivers, most of whom use oversized vehicles with jet engines mounted with guns and missiles, but just before the finish line JP\'s car is sabotaged by an explosive device placed by his friend and mechanic; Frisbee. In the past, Frisbee and JP were sent to prison for fixing races for the mafia, and are doing so again so they can keep racing. While recuperating in the hospital and reminiscing over his loss, JP finds out that he was selected for the "Redline," despite not qualifying in the last race, due to popular demand and because 2 racers withdrew. The Redline race takes place on Roboworld, a militarized planet ruled by cyborgs. The Roboworld government is violently opposed to the race being held on their planet as they have several ongoing secret projects, including a colossal bioweapon called Funky Boy that they wish to be kept top-secret. JP and the other racers are transported to a backwater moon near Roboworld to prepare. There he meets Sonoshee the winner of the Yellowline, who he met before either of them started racing professionally. After meeting several oddball racers, he has to repair and refit his car damaged from the Yellowline. With Frisbee acting as the designer and a friend of theirs, a 4 armed old man procuring parts, they aim to make a high powered racecar that will hold up against the other racers. Various colorful and dynamic characters compete in the Redline race such as "Machinehead" a huge machine man and the reigning champion, "Super Boins" a pair of pop idols from a magical planet, "Gori-rider" a corrupt gorilla-like traffic officer, "Lynchman&Johnnyboya" a pair of bounty hunters, "Miki&Todoroki" a pair of semi-pro racers who get selected alongside JP to race in the Redline, and "Trava&Shinkai" an ace pilot and mechanic duo. Guerilla forces on Roboworld as well as the Bounty Hunter team, sabotage a number of Roboworld\'s planetary defenses, making the race less than suicidal. JP, Sonoshee, and the other racers speed across the planet under heavy attack from the Roboworld military, which have targeted each of the racers with intent to kill. During the race the guerillas attempt to unleash and control Funky Boy, but are unable to as one of the racers crashed into the containment facility, bringing Funky Boy prematurely out of its slumber. Funky Boy goes on a rampage, destroying many of the Roboworld units and much of the landscape around them. Even their most powerful weapon, the Hyper-disintegrator cannons, unable to stop the beast, one of the Roboworld high ranking generals decides to merge with another Bioweapon to fight against Funky Boy while the race continues on. In Funky Boy\'s rampage, Sonoshee\'s car is destroyed, knocking her out in the process. JP however finds her alive and allows her to join him in continuing the race together. Frisbee who was forced to make another deal with the Mafia is almost killed when he refuses to sabotage JP\'s car again, but is saved by the 4 armed scrounger, who shoots down the mafia and after sits down to watch the rest of the race with Frisbee. The final sprint to the finish shows Machinehead with JP/Sonoshee both fighting for victory. In his haste, Machinehead uses the steamlight; a form of energy that can release an unimaginable amount of power, to give him the edge over the race. Sonoshee quickly reciprocates with her own piece of steamlight, given to her by her father on her seventh birthday. Both racers blaze towards the finishing line with their cars tearing away due to the super-sonic speed. With much of the planet in ruin, the red line, marking the end of the race is broken up, but is quickly remedied as the Redline Mothership warps from space onto the planetary surface to serve as a ramp leading to the finish. JP and Sonoshee are neck to neck with Machinehead but unable to get past him. The explosive placed in JP\'s car by Frisbee earlier on, is activated by the drunken scrounger who presses the detonator accidentally, the resulting explosion to give what\'s left of JP\'s car a boost of speed to pass Machinehead. Machinehead follows by morphing into rocket form to increase his speed. Just before the finish line JP\'s car completely falls apart, but he, Sonoshee, and Machinehead reach the finish line. JP and Sonoshee touch the finishing line less than a fraction of a second before Machinehead and are declared the victors. Audiences throughout the galaxy celebrate JP\'s amazing victory. The other racers, exhausted and in awe remark about the incredible feat performed by JP. While suspended in weightless motion, JP pulls Senoshee close and kisses her and the two victors confess their love for each other.'] ["The film opens with a young girl named Jun Kazama crying over a rabbit killed by a bobcat. Kazuya Mishima, a kind boy around her age, appears and offers to kill the bobcat to cheer Jun up, but Kazuya's abusive father, Heihachi, suddenly appears and berates Kazuya for his compassion, which he considers a weakness. In order to make Kazuya stronger and prove his worth, Heihachi throws Kazuya off a cliff to his apparent death right in front of Jun's eyes. Sixteen years later, Jun is an agent within Interpol, and is sent to investigate the upcoming King of Iron Fist Tournament, hosted by none other than Heihachi Mishima, the owner of the multinational Mishima Conglomerate, which has been suspect to unethical and illegal biological experiments. Jun meets up with Lei Wulong, a detective from Hong Kong, and they are assigned to infiltrate the tournament together. Meanwhile, it is revealed that Kazuya somehow survived the fall and is now a cold, bitter man bent on revenge on Heihachi. Heihachi himself is aware that Kazuya is alive and apparently plans to bestow the Mishima Conglomerate to him when the time is right, but Heihachi's adopted son Lee Chaolan is unhappy with this decision, as he desires the company for himself. To this end, he seduces Nina and Anna Williams, two Irish assassins, and hires them to kill Kazuya. While Lee does not care for either Nina nor Anna, each believe he genuinely loves them and is merely using the other. Jun and Lei board a boat to take them to an island in Singapore for the tournament, in the process meeting a large man named Jack with an ailing little girl, Jane . Kazuya himself sneaks aboard from a bridge once the boat has left the port. While Kazuya is training, Jun confronts him about the past, and Kazuya reveals how he survived: he cut his chest badly during the fall and was on the brink of death when the Devil approached him with an offer to help him survive with superhuman powers in exchange for his soul, and Kazuya accepted. Nina again tries to kill Kazuya, but Kazuya beats her just as Anna appears with a bazooka and blows the gym up. Jun and Kazuya escape in time, but Kazuya warns Jun not to interfere with him again on the threat of death. The day of the tournament arrives, and Lee explains to the fighters  that they are to fight their way through a forest until they reach the central tower where Heihachi will be waiting for them. One vengeful competitor, Michelle Chang, tries to kill Heihachi there and then, but Heihachi foils her. However, to ensure that nobody will win the tournament, Lee secretly has his scientists release a special experiment into the field to stop the fighters. Meanwhile, Lei heads underground with Jack, who tells him that he is only looking for Dr. Boskonovitch, the only man who can save Jane from her illness. Eventually, they fight their way past some P. Jacks and reach Boskonovitch. In the process, Jack's arm is gashed and leaks black oil, revealing that he is not human, but a robot. Kazuya defeats Baek and runs into Michelle who has defeated Ganryu, who proves to be no match for him but too stubborn to give up despite Kazuya's pleas for her to do so. Michelle pours out her tragic story to Kazuya about how Heihachi burned down her village and indirectly killed both her parents. When she pushes Kazuya too far, Kazuya knocks her out and almost kills her but is narrowly stopped by Jun, who vows to fight Kazuya and expel the Devil from him. Elsewhere, Nina and Anna decide to have their own battle to settle their rivalry once and for all, but during the fight, a biologically enhanced dinosaur-like being appears and devours Anna from behind. The creatures then round on Kazuya and Jun, but are defeated when Kazuya taps into his dark power. The last one runs away, leaving Kazuya's path open. Lee appears at the door and challenges Kazuya but is beaten just as Heihachi emerges and engages Kazuya in combat. As Boskonovitch treats Jane, Lee enters the facility in a crazed state. Now fully aware that he will never inherit the company now, Lee slays all the security scientists and sets off the self-destruction sequence. Lei, Jack, Jane and Boskonovitch hear the countdown and evacuate along with countless soldiers. Jack sacrifices himself to hold a door open long enough for Lei and Boskonovitch to escape with Jane. The tower explodes with Lee still inside, and begins a chain reaction which turns the resort into a volcanic inferno. Kazuya seems to be losing against Heihachi, but he gives into his power again and overpowers his father brutally. Just as Kazuya prepares to throw his broken father into a river of lava, Jun appears and implores him to stop. Kazuya almost kills Jun, but when he notices her crying for him, he remembers the only person he ever loved and who ever cried for him: his mother. Kazuya sheds a tear and manages to expel the Devil's influence from within him, reverting to his kind, compassionate self once again. Infuriated, Heihachi tries to punch Kazuya off the cliff, but Jun takes the blow and the three fall as the island begins exploding. Lei arrives in a submarine and picks up the remaining fighters, along with Kazuya and Jun. Heihachi escapes in a jet just before the island finally explodes. Sometime later, Jun is seen knitting in a wood. Her young son, Jin appears and asks her to tell him a story. Before she can begin, she looks up and senses a strange presence in the distance, but when Jin asks her what is wrong, she tells him everything is fine and they walk home together."] [' Shinji Ikari is sent for by his estranged father, Gendo at the beginning of the film. As he wanders around the town, which has been shut down over an emergency announcement, he is caught in the crossfire between the U.N. army and the fourth Angel. Rescued by Lt. Colonel Misato Katsuragi, Shinji is brought to Tokyo-3 and NERV headquarters, where he is pressured by Gendo, NERV\'s Supreme Commander, into piloting the Evangelion Unit-01 against the Angel because the other Evangelion pilot, the mysterious Rei Ayanami, is too injured to do so. After the initial fight, Shinji is taken in by Misato as her new housemate and enrolled in high school. The film portrays Shinji\'s attempts to "settle in" with his newfound life alongside Misato, Rei, and the other characters while continuing to defend Tokyo-3 and the world from the coming Angels. The fifth Angel arrives and paralyzes Shinji with fear, who is slammed at a mountainside and nearly crushes two of his classmates, Toji Suzuhara and Kensuke Aida, who had snuck out of the shelters to get a view of the action. Misato has Toji and Kensuke take cover in Unit 01\'s entry plug before ordering Shinji to retreat, but he disobeys and destroys the fifth Angel with Unit 01\'s Progressive Knife. Misato later reprimands Shinji for disobeying her. At the film\'s climax, the sixth Angel appears and tries to drill into NERV headquarters. To motivate the despondent Shinji, Misato takes him down to the deepest level of the base and shows him a giant white entity crucified to a giant cross-like restraint: the second Angel, Lilith. Misato explains that reaching this area is the goal of the Angels and that any contact between them and Lilith would bring about the Third Impact and the end of all life on Earth. With this information and encouragement from his new friends in school, Shinji, piloting Unit 01, and Rei, piloting Unit-00, manage to destroy the Angel by sniping it using an experimental positron rifle, which requires the entire electrical power output of Japan to function. Rei is nearly killed defending Shinji in the battle, who is able to save her by dunking the damaged Unit 00 into water to cool it off and pry her entry plug out of the Eva using Unit 01\'s Progressive knife. Shinji and the normally cold Rei share an emotional moment and Rei eventually shares a warm smile with him. The final scene opens on the surface of the Moon, with what appears to be blood splashed across a large, narrow swath of it. Nine coffin-like containers are arranged in a line on the surface, five of which are open. Kaworu Nagisa awakens and rises from the fifth open container. In front of him is an unidentified white giant, in a pit surrounded by construction equipment and scaffolding, wearing a purple Seele mask. A black, horizontal, rectangular monolith appears before Kaworu, through which Seele 01 engages in a brief, cryptic conversation with Kaworu, who says that "the third one" hasn\'t changed at all and that he looks forward to meeting Shinji.'] ['Bojack is the main villain of the movie. His goal is to conquer the universe and destroy all those that stand in his way. According to King Kai, he was sealed by all four Kais in a star, but when Goku teleported the devolved, ready to self-destruct Cell to King Kai\'s planet, killing him, the seal broke, allowing Bojack to reap destruction upon the Earth. The movie starts with a big martial arts tournament in which 200 elite fighters will compete, including Yamcha, Tien, Piccolo, Gohan, Future Trunks, and Krillin. The winner will get to face the famous champion "Mr. Hercule" . Goku is shown in Other World, watching the tournament with King Kai. The first round consists of 8 contests - 25 fighters are put on each fighting "stage", and the last one standing on each stage will advance to the semi-finals. Tien, Piccolo, A 13 year old Gohan, Krillin, and Future Trunks are among the 8 who advance. As the advancing fighters\' names are announced, Mr. Hercule is shown getting increasingly nervous, as he is aware of the prowess of these fighters. He begins looking for a way to back out of the fighting, eventually claiming to have a "stomach ache". In the meantime, the semis pit Tien against Future Trunks and Krillin against Piccolo. Future Trunks beats Tien. Piccolo is disgusted by the lack of a challenge in this supposedly "elite" contest and forfeits against Krillin. Gohan, Krillin, and Future Trunks are among the 4 who advance to the finals, in which each of them will compete against a fighter from elsewhere in the galaxy. However, as the alien fighters are revealed, the fight promoter realizes that these are not the fighters that he had recruited for the contest. Everyone soon begins to realize that there is something wrong as Trunks is challenged by Kogu, Krillin faces Zangya, and Gohan confronts Bujin. During this time, Mr. Hercule is in the rest room, thinking about how he got himself in this mess, but after looking at his belt he realizes that the people need him and, in an uncharacteristically brave mood he goes out and gets slammed into a space pod and sent to the fighting. During his fight against Kogu, Trunks transforms into a Super Saiyan, shatters Kogu\'s sword, and shoves his fist right through Kogu\'s abdomen, killing him. As he turns to leave, he is struck down in one blow by an unknown foe. Far away, Vegeta feels this power and knows something is wrong. Gohan continues his fight with Bujin until he is led out to where Krillin and Trunks are. After inspecting his fallen friend, Bojack introduces himself and tells Gohan his plans to rule the universe as his revenge. Yamcha and Tien turn up to fight but are defeated by Bujin, Bido and Zangya. Seeing his friends fallen, Gohan transforms into a Super Saiyan and fights Bojack\'s henchmen while Bojack watches on in amusement. Gohan is beaten down and Bojack powers up an attack to finish him off, although it is deflected by Piccolo, who has come to Gohan\'s aid. Trunks comes back into action and they both challenge Bojack. After a period of fighting Trunks\'s sword appears; Trunks catches it as Vegeta enters the fight and transforms into a Super Saiyan, quickly setting on Bojack. During this, Trunks thinks that Vegeta would only ever fight when it meant him surpassing Goku\'s strength, and Trunks realizes that Vegeta has truly changed. While Vegeta fights Bojack, the rest fight against his surviving henchmen. During his fight against Vegeta, Bojack beats Vegeta down and transforms. Gohan rushes to Piccolo\'s aid, but Piccolo tells him to not worry about him and fight Bojack. Bojack challenges Gohan to a fight and beats him thanks to the aid of Bido and Zangya\'s Untrapped ropes, which drains Gohan\'s energy away, but Gohan is freed when Mr. Hercule\'s incoming pod distracts them all. Annoyed at this, Bojack powers up an attack and blasts Mr. Hercule\'s pod, causing him to fall to the ground. Trying to save him, Gohan is struck down by Bojack\'s henchmen. On Snake Way with King Kai, Goku can\'t watch any more and, using his Instant Transmission, teleports himself to the fight and punches Bojack before he can finish Gohan off. Surprised, Bojack falls to the ground. After a few words of advice, Goku places his son on the ground safely and disappears. Gohan, taking in his father\'s words, gets back and turns to Bojack with fire in his eyes. Gohan transforms into Super Saiyan 2, surprising Bojack and his crew. Gohan beats Bido and Bujin each in one hit, breaking them both in half, and Zangya is killed when Bojack uses her as a shield from Gohan. The angry young Saiyan then slams his fist into Bojack\'s stomach, blowing a hole in his stomach and out through his back. As a last resort, Bojack powers up his Galactic Buster and Gohan prepares a Kamehameha. The energies clash together and in the blinding light Bojack is killed. Gohan, exhausted, falls backwards laughing as Goku praises him from Other World, and King Kai jokes that Goku broke the rules of going back to Earth while dead. After the events, everyone is in hospital watching the news that Mr. Hercule is a "true hero" who defeated the alien intruders; this results in several jokes as they laugh. As in Super Android 13!, the film closes with Piccolo and Vegeta on the roof, arms folded and backs turned to each other, isolating themselves from the celebration. The pictures at the end follows, while "Beyond Galaxies Rising High" plays: *Goku holding a crying baby Gohan with Chi-Chi in the background *Goku holding a 4-year-old Gohan, introducing him to the Z group [Saiyan Saga] *A crying 4-year-old Gohan training with Piccolo [Saiyan Saga] *Chi-Chi with a dressed-up  5-year-old Gohan as they are prepared to travel to Namek [Frieza Saga] *A 11-year-old Gohan with Goku, both Super Saiyans, just before the Cell Games [Cell Saga] * Finally, these graphics are surrounded as if in a frame by several of the main characters, including Krillin, Trunks, Roshi, and Yamcha, all dressed in different colored suits, similar to the Toriyama drawn picture before.'] [" The story behind this short film revolves around the Pichu brothers as they attempt to find a train back to the big city. Along the way, they are helped by seven of Ash Ketchum's and Misty's Pokémon  and a Wynaut. Meanwhile, Meowth and Wobbuffet are hiking in the back country, but their journey continuously goes wrong and their paths intertwines with the others. Along the way, the Pokémon sit around a campfire, where the older Pichu brother, along with Wynaut, scare the younger brother with the help of a Duskull. They also encounter a Volbeat, who guides them to a mill where they can stay the night.  The main film's setting is in the water-themed Johto city of Altomare , based on cities such as Venice, Italy and Amsterdam, Netherlands. The city is watched over by two legendary Pokémon, Latias and Latios. The story behind the two involves an evil Pokémon Trainer using a Kabutops and an Aerodactyl to terrorize the citizens, until the original Latios came to the city, using his powers to drown the evil Pokémon and turning the streets into canals. However, Latios died and his children were left orphans. His soul is within a special jewel, the Soul Dew. The Soul Dew is sought by Annie and Oakley, two members of Team Rocket. The Soul Dew acts as a key for activating the Defense Mechanism of Altomare, a special device built in case of disaster. Meanwhile, Ash Ketchum, Misty, and Brock are visiting Altomare on their travels. Ash and Misty participate in the Tour de Altomare, a water chariot race. Misty wins, after Ash takes a wrong turn due to an invisible Latias and Latios. Ross, the former champion of the race gives the friends a tour of the city in his gondola and tells them of the city's guardians. Annie and Oakley follow Latias, disguised as a human girl named Bianca. Latias is saved by Ash and Pikachu. Team Rocket are also in the city and decide to follow Annie and Oakley. The trio later visit Lorenzo, the curator of a local museum, who explains the city's history and also introduces them to the Defence Mechanism of Altomare . Ash pursues Bianca, and then Latias in disguise, across the city, eventually discovering a hidden garden where Latias and Latios live. When Latios and Bianca threaten to force Ash out, Lorenzo arrives to clear up all the tension. Latias and Latios play with Ash and Pikachu, and later Lorenzo reveals to Ash the Soul Dew. However, Annie and Oakley's spy robot is watching this and later the duo steal the Soul Dew and capture Latios - using both to control the DMA. Latias flees to Ash for help, and later the two and Pikachu race across the gridlocked city to the museum. Using the DMA, Oakley locks down the city and revives the dead Pokémon to capture Latias. After a long chase through the city, Ash and Latias cause the undead Aerodactyl to crash into a building, and are saved from the Kabutops by their friends' Pokémon. The heroes arrive at the museum to find the DMA going berserk and Latios seriously injured. After freeing Latios, the Soul Dew fades and turns black, causing the DMA to shut down. When Annie tries to get the Soul Dew, it disappears and the city's water becomes a giant tsunami. Latios and Latias use their psychic powers to stop the tsunami, but Latios sacrifices himself in the process. The water returns to the city, washing away Team Rocket in the process. The undead Pokémon return to their fossil states, and Annie and Oakley get trapped inside the DMA. Latios becomes a new Soul Dew and is placed as the new guardian of Altomare. Ash, Misty, and Brock head off to leave Altomare, but Latias  stops them before they leave and hands Ash a drawing of him and Pikachu, giving Ash a kiss on the cheek before disappearing. As the group leave on a boat, they see two Latios and a Latias in the air. Annie and Oakley are sent to jail, where they examine the possessions of Lawrence III."] ['In the distant future, the war between the human race and the aliens known as the Gamilons has destroyed the Earth. Radioactive asteroids have devastated the planet making the its atmosphere uninhabitable. In an effort to assist the Earth, Queen Starsha of the planet Iscandar offers the Earth Forces a device that can completely neutralize the radiation. In order to get this device the space battleship Yamato is launched from the remains of its World War II ancestor on a 148,000 light-year journey. The crew of the Space Battleship Yamato has only one Earth year to travel to Iscandar and back, or the human race will become extinct.{{cite web}}'] ['In Soul Society, Mayuri Kurotsuchi is attacked in his laboratory by a pair of mysterious siblings wielding a scythe that erases his memories. In a frightened panic, Kurotsuchi damages a machine, which causes a massive reiatsu explosion that covers much of Soul Society in a milky layer of reiatsu in the form of a giant rampaging river of serpents, killing and freezing many Soul Reapers, including Kenpachi Zaraki. Rukia Kuchiki is confronted and attacked by the siblings, erasing her memories and those of everybody that has memories of her, and is carried away to a rundown area of Rukongai by the siblings. Seemingly everyone in Soul Society has their memories of Rukia erased. In the real world, Ichigo Kurosaki briefly forgets Rukia but in a dream recalls her. Troubled, he and Kon go to Kisuke Urahara for information. He tells Urahara of the situation, but he does not remember Rukia despite having her listed as a customer at his shop. Ichigo and Kon go to Soul Society, where they are attacked by people who they knew, including Shuhei Hisagi, Renji Abarai and Sajin Komamura, after Ichigo is forced to use his Hollow powers, but no one remembers Ichigo. While attempting to flee, he is struck by Komamura\'s Bankai. Ichigo is branded an intruder by the captains of the Gotei 13. Rukia finds herself in Rukongai with no memory of being a Soul Reaper. The nameless siblings, a sister and a brother, remind Rukia that they used to be close friends living in Rukongai and Rukia was to give them names, although she has forgotten them. Ichigo is healed of his injuries by Hanataro Yamada, who seems to have recalled healing him before. Ichigo then goes to Byakuya Kuchiki, Rukia\'s brother, for help, but he does not remember Rukia either. After a direct confrontation with Renji Abarai again, Byakuya directs Ichigo to his wife, Hisana Kuchiki\'s, birthplace in Rukongai, where they are briefly reunited with Rukia before the siblings flee with her from Ichigo and Kon. Ichigo and Kon are attacked again by captain-class Soul Reapers Tōshirō Hitsugaya, Ikkaku Madarame and Yumichika Ayasegawa but are saved by Renji Abarai, who follows his gut instinct to trust Ichigo. Commander-Captain Shigekuni Yamamoto-Genryūsai and other captains arrive to capture Ichigo, but Urahara arrives dressed in his old uniform when he was a captain prior to his exile. He sends Ichigo, Renji and Kon off to save Rukia, and explains to the captains that he studied a parasitic Hollow which could erase memories with its scythe-like tentacle, but it escaped and appears to be influencing the siblings\' actions to an extent. The siblings go to Kurotsuchi\'s lab in order to fully destroy the Soul Reapers with the reiatsu weapon they had used previously, under the belief that the Soul Reapers were responsible for taking Rukia away from them. Rukia objects to this, and Ichigo and Renji\'s arrival prompts Rukia to remember them. The female sibling succumbs to rage, and she forces herself, her brother and Rukia to all fuse into one, creating "Dark Rukia". Dark Rukia, seemingly hollowified, unleashes the reiatsu weapon upon Soul Society before battling Ichigo. The reiatsu weapon takes the form of a giant, deformed monster, and the Soul Reapers fight against it, including Yoruichi Shihoin who had arrived with Urahara, and a freed Kenpachi. Ichigo fights Dark Rukia and holds back initially to refrain from injuring her. Byakuya arrives and claims that he should be the one to finish this, but Ichigo intervenes and manages to free her with his own similar reiatsu, destroying the Hollow, while Byakuya and Renji destroy the reiatsu monster. Rukia regains her memories, but the siblings are left mortally wounded, but are regretful for their actions. Urahara arrives and explains that the Hollow attacked Rukia and the siblings while controlling a Soul Reaper\'s body, but when the body was destroyed, the siblings trapped the Hollow in their bodies and were sent to Hueco Mundo for a time, managing to escape after a hundred years to reunite with Rukia because of their strong desire to be with her. Rukia tells the siblings their names, Homura and Shizuku, but the two die from their wounds, much to Rukia\'s despair. The film ends with Ichigo visiting Rukia at the hill shrine where she previously visited before during the movie , reminding her that her memories of the siblings will not fade. Kon, who was frozen during the climactic battle, breaks free and cries out to not be forgotten by everyone, especially Rukia.'] ['The story follows Fam and Ihrie, who are searching for the legendary Ultimate Power, which is said to grant any wishes the finder may have. After obtaining a map from the merchant Galuff, they find the "Proof of Royalty" in an ancient castle, where they fight off fellow treasure hunters Miguel and Rasha, along with the treacherous Galuff. Fam and Ihrie learn that alongside the Proof of Royalty, they need the Sword of Sargus and Mirror of Truth to obtain the Ultimate Power. Later, Ihrie scolds Fam for being so slow at memorizing new spells, which causes Fam to run away on her own. She encounters Lyle in the woods, and falls deeply in love with him. Lyle is also looking for the Ultimate Power, and the two partner up to find the rest of the treasures. Eventually Fam, Lyle, Ihrie, Miguel, Rash and Galuff all end up at a ruined city; the location of the Sword of Sargus. However, there they run into Ruguduroll, who taunts Lyle and proves invulnerable to both swords and magic before vanishing, leaving the sword behind. Lyle reveals that Ruguduroll was once a priest in his homeland, but was corrupted by magic and destroyed the entire kingdom, along with Lyle\'s fiancee, Meria. This is why Lyle wants the Ultimate Power; for revenge. As Ihrie tries to grab the Sword of Sargus, it is revealed that the spirit inside it, Sargus, only lets people who are without materialistic wishes touch it. As such, Fam is the only person in the group allowed to touch the sword, and her wish is to help Lyle on his quest. As Fam is determined to help the prince, Ihrie decides to come with them, and since Rasha has fallen in love with Lyle as well , she follows them as well and forces Miguel along. With Galuff in tow, the group goes to find the Mirror of Truth. This quest doesn\'t go on for long, however, as Ruguduroll finds it first, then attacks the group and steals the Proof of Royalty and Sword of Sargus. At the same time, it is revealed that Ihrie\'s magic is the same type as Ruguduroll\'s, and therefore she can harm him. However, Ruguduroll is unable to get the Ultimate Power, as the sword belongs to Lyle as per Fam\'s wishes, and Sargus refuses Ruguduroll\'s wishes. The group make their way to Ruguduroll\'s castle, and on their way they find a magical stone where his memories are inscribed. Tapping into it, they see that Ruguduroll was corrupted by all the poverty and misery in the land that went unseen by the royal family. He wanted the power to stop it, and accessed the powerful magic hidden by the king. The group break into his castle, and Fam and Ihrie manage to hold him back with their magic as Lyle attacks him with the reclaimed Sword of Sargus. Ruguduroll is killed, and Lyle begins rebuilding his kingdom as Fam says goodbye and runs to Ihrie.'] ["Five years before the start of the film, the Yamashiro clan's chief retainers  dig gold out of a secret mine behind their lord's back. The lord of the Yamashiro clan wants to have the gold for himself, but his forces are not strong enough, so he cannot act alone. He also cannot go to the government first, because they would take the gold if they knew about the mine. He orders his ninja team, led by Gemma Himuro, to kill the chief retainers, claiming he would then report the mine to the government. Jubei Kibagami and Shinkuro are members of this ninja team. After the chief retainers are murdered, the Yamashiro lord does not report the mine to the government. Later, Gemma orders Shinkuro and others to kill Jubei, hoping they would all kill each other, thus eliminating everyone who knew about the mine. Reluctantly, Jubei kills Shinkuro and the others in self-defense. While Gemma is riding along a pass, Jubei springs from the snow and cuts off his head to avenge Shinkuro and the others. Jubei then becomes a wandering swordsman-for-hire. Sometime later, Gemma is inexplicably able to reincarnate himself, and over the next five years, becomes leader of a demon ninja group known as the Devils of Kimon, who in turn work for the mysterious Shogun of the Dark , which holds a grudge against the current government, the Tokugawa shogunate, and wants to overthrow it. Gemma tells the Shogun of the Dark the location of the secret mine. Meanwhile, Tokugawa government spies are trying to determine where the mine is. The Shogun of the Dark sends the Devils of Kimon to protect the Yamashiro clan from the government spies and government intervention in return for gold from the mine. The Yamashiro clan sends a large shipment of gold to the Shogun of the Dark, but the ship is wrecked in a storm on the coast near the village of Shimoda, in Mochizuki clan territory. Gemma and the Devils of Kimon are sent to recover the gold. They wipe out Shimoda village by poisoning the wells to get rid of any witnesses. They make it look as if a plague has killed the villagers. The next night, a team of Mochizuki Koga ninja is sent to investigate the plague in Shimoda village, but on their way they are slaughtered. The only survivor is Kagero, who is captured and is almost raped by her assailant, a huge stone golem called Tessai. Rescued by Jubei, Kagero escapes to continue her mission, while Tessai vengefully pursues Jubei. Tessai succeeds in ambushing Jubei but is killed. Tokugawa shogunate spy Dakuan, who had been observing Jubei, reveals that Tessai belonged to a supernatural ninja group known as the Devils of Kimon, who will constantly attack him to avenge the death of their comrade. Calling his bluff, Jubei is fatally poisoned by Dakuan in an attempt to force Jubei into his employ, the reward for his service being 100 pieces of gold and the antidote to his poison, which will kill him in under a day. The two unite with Kagero to determine the Devils of Kimon agenda and how it relates to the mysterious plague in Shimoda. Dakuan continues the main investigation on his own, using Jubei and Kagero as decoys, who must constantly fend off deadly attacks from the remaining members of the Devils of Kimon, the leader of whom is reputed to be Jubei's old nemesis Gemma, who was killed several years previously. Later on, Dakuan reveals to Kagero that the poison in Jubei can only be cured if she sleeps with him, much to her shock. During this she is abducted by the Devil Shijima, but is later rescued by Jubei. The Devils of Kimon recover the gold and move it by cart to nearby Kishima Harbor, to have it picked up by another ship and sent to the Shogun of the Dark. Jubei, Kagero, and Dakuan attempt to stop them, but Kagero is fatally wounded by Gemma, who was impersonating her lord - the Mochizuki clan leader, Sakaki Hyobu. In her dying moments, Jubei rushes to Kagero's aid, who confesses her love for him and the two share a kiss before she passes away, curing Jubei of his poison. Enraged by the death of Kagero, Jubei fights through the enemy forces to get to the ship as it is casting off. Dakuan has also sneaked on the ship; he overhears the Toyotomi retainer and Gemma discussing the Shogun of the Dark's plan for the gold. The Shogun of the Dark plans to use the gold to buy advanced guns from Spain and to overthrow the government. Gemma, however, intends to steal the gold for himself and use it to raise the largest ninja army ever, ultimately ruling the country through fear and intimidation. Gemma kills the Toyotomi retainer, and takes over the ship. Meanwhile, Jubei and Dakuan sneak into the hold of the ship, and in a fight with Zakuro, the ship is set on fire. Gemma goes down to the hold, and in a final battle with Jubei amongst the flames, he falls into the molten gold. Jubei and Dakuan escape the burning ship while Gemma's golden body sinks with the rest of the gold to the bottom of the sea."] ['Green Legend is set in a science fiction-style post-apocalyptic Earth, which has turned largely into a vast desert after an alien invasion, in which six of the "Rodo"  crashed onto Earth from space, somehow effecting massive climate change which has completely wiped out the oceans and rain. At the time, mankind was ruining the environment, making an apocalypse of some sort inevitable (similar to other environmentally-focused anime like [[Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind . In this brutal new world, two polarized factions have arisen: the first faction, the "Rodoists" are a fanatical religious sect who worship the Rodo while practicing hydraulic despotism; all communities are clustered around one of the monoliths, as they are the only remaining sources of water and food - most of which is gathered quite close to the monoliths in what they call the "Holy Green". Travel between communities is infrequent, as at a certain distance from the monoliths, the environment peters out to the point that the air itself cannot be breathed - necessitating pressurized vehicles akin to spaceships. The second faction, the "Hazard", is a secretive revolutionary movement opposed to the Rodoists. The protagonist  is a young orphaned boy who seeks to survive, to join the Hazard, and to find and take revenge upon the man with a scar on his chest who killed his mother. He blunders into the middle of a battle between the Hazard and the Rodoists, during which he meets a strange silver-haired girl named Aira. Ran helps some Hazard scouts escape his town and joins them. Soon, the Rodoist army attacks the Hazard base; Aira is forcibly evacuated against her will by the Hazard. Ran attempts to board the sand ship, but fails, and begins pursuing it across the desert in a stolen pressure suit. He is rescued by traveling water and food merchants just before his air runs out. The merchant leader, a contemplative man named Jeke, offers Ran his assistance in rescuing Aira. The rescue goes awry when the Rodoists attack the Hazard sand ship and recapture Aira as Ran and the merchants attempt to infiltrate the same sand ship.'] ["In the year 2025, earth sends an expedition to Mars in the spaceship Izanami. A huge rock formation is discovered beneath the surface, and is transported back to earth. On the way back, the rock's temperature soars, causing the Izanami to explode and crash-land in Tokyo, leaving a large crater. The rock hatches into a colossal alien life form, which proceeds to attack Japan with bolts of energy from its many appendages and orifices. Missiles, tanks, and aircraft all attack but fail to destroy Negadon , whose thick exoskeleton protects it from conventional weaponry. At the same time, Ryûichi Narasaki, a downcast robotics constructor, is still devastated by the incident that cost him his left eye and the life of his only child, a young daughter. The incident was caused by the malfunctioning of his masterpiece, the giant super-robot MI-6 2 Miroku. Because of the ominous threat of Negadon, Narasaki faces the painful choice of reactivating  Miroku to destroy Negadon and save the world. After an epic battle, Narasaki  hauls Negadon into the upper atmosphere and destroys the space creature. His mission accomplished, Narasaki allows himself and Miroku to die when Negadon explodes."] [' In Neo-Tokyo, 2019, Shotaro Kaneda  leads the Capsules, his bōsōzoku gang, to fight against the rival gang known as the Clowns. However, Kaneda\'s best friend Tetsuo Shima  is injured when he almost crashes his motorcycle into Takashi , a small esper sprung from a secret government laboratory by a dissident underground revolutionary organization. Takashi is captured by armed soldiers and Tetsuo is hospitalized. When Kaneda and his gang are interrogated, he encounters Kei , a member of the revolutionary group, and arranges her release along with his own gang. Meanwhile, Colonel Shikishima  and Doctor Onishi  discover that Tetsuo possesses psychic capabilities similar to Akira, a young esper who caused Tokyo\'s destruction 31 years earlier. Kiyoko , another esper, has visions of Neo-Tokyo\'s destruction, and the Colonel tells Onishi to kill Tetsuo if he thinks the power may get out of control. Tetsuo flees from the hospital and meets up with his girlfriend, Kaori , and they steal Kaneda\'s motorcycle. When Tetsuo and Kaori are confronted by the Clowns, Kaneda and the Capsules save them both. Tetsuo begins to suffer a psychic migraine, and Doctor Onishi has Tetsuo taken back to the hospital. Saving Kei from being captured after a guerilla attack, Kaneda is led to the rebels\' headquarters and cooperates with them after overhearing their plans to kidnap Tetsuo. Meanwhile, Takashi, Kiyoko and Masaru  — another Esper — unsuccessfully attempt to kill Tetsuo. Tetsuo eventually goes on a violent rampage through the hospital, intent on killing the espers. Kaneda, Kei, and the Colonel unsuccessfully try to stop Tetsuo\'s rampage. Discovering that Akira is in cryonic storage below Neo-Tokyo\'s new Olympic Stadium, Tetsuo flees. Kei and Kaneda are detained, but Kiyoko — using Kei as a medium — explains that Tetsuo must be stopped, and facilitates the youths\' escape before taking the girl away to combat Tetsuo. Desperate to find Tetsuo, the Colonel places Neo-Tokyo under martial law. Tetsuo confronts and kills Yamagata , a member of the Capsules. He then proceeds to destroy the city as he makes his way to the Stadium, brutally dispatching the military forces who attempt to stand in his way. Upon learning of Yamagata\'s death from his friend Kai , Kaneda follows Tetsuo to the stadium, seeking revenge. When Tetsuo arrives at Akira\'s cryonic dewar flask, he defeats Kei and exhumes the Akira vault from the ground, but discovers all that is left of Akira are glass canisters filled with his remains, his body having been subjected to numerous scientific experiments. Kaneda confronts and unsuccessfully tries to defeat Tetsuo with an experimental laser weapon, while the Colonel uses an orbital laser to sever Tetsuo\'s right arm. Tetsuo pulls the orbital weapon into the atmosphere and synthesizes an artificial arm from the remains while studying Akira\'s organs. When Kaori arrives, Tetsuo\'s psychokinetic powers have begun to cause him immense pain. The Colonel explains that the espers\' migraine-controlling drugs administered to Tetsuo are to stunt the evolution of uncontrollable abilities. Despite the Colonel\'s pleas for Tetsuo to return to the hospital, Tetsuo nearly kills the Colonel, but Kaneda confronts him. Unable to control his powers, Tetsuo\'s body begins to transform into a giant mass, engulfing Kaneda and crushing Kaori to death. The espers awaken Akira, who had merely grown beyond the requirement of a coherent biological form. Manifesting himself from the canisters, Akira reunites with his friends. Akira uses his psychic powers to create a blinding ball of light that engulfs the city, which he uses to contain Tetsuo. As Akira confronts Tetsuo, the espers hurry to teleport the Colonel to safety and — over Masaru and Kiyoko\'s objections — Takashi jumps into the light to rescue Kaneda. The other espers join Takashi, deciding that it will take all three of them to save Kaneda, aware they likely will not be able to return. Kaneda experiences Tetsuo\'s and the espers\' childhood memories, including how much Tetsuo trusted Kaneda as a friend and how the children were first studied before Tokyo\'s destruction. The espers remove Kaneda from the destruction and tell him that Akira will be taking Tetsuo to safety; Kiyoko implies that Kei is beginning to develop her own psychic powers, and this is confirmed when Kei calls Kaneda out telepathically. Akira\'s psychic power destroys most of Neo-Tokyo, and — after disappearing — leaves a void that is quickly filled by the ocean. Doctor Onishi is killed when his research laboratory is crushed. Kaneda awakens to discover that Kei and Kai have survived, and they drive away into the city. The Colonel walks out of the tunnel that the espers teleported him to and watches the sun rising over the destroyed city. Tetsuo comes into full control of his powers as he initiates a Big Bang in another dimension, uttering the words: "I am Tetsuo".'] ["Sorceress Lina Inverse and her traveling companion/arch-rival Naga the Serpent arrive at a town where the art of golem-manufacture is highly prized and become involved in the rivalry between a father and son with very different ideas on how golems should be made. When two rival lords seek the aid of the men in efforts to build golem armies to enhance their power and prestige, the two sorceresses find themselves the central attractions in a festive duel of massive golems powered by their magic. Interestingly, the two main antagonists bear remarkable similarity in their personalities to two characters in Slayers Next, who are also fighting each other for control of the city. The movie begins with Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent eating. Before they can finish their meal a golem, which is shaped like a bull, stampedes toward them. Before the golem can trample upon the two sorceresses, someone else gets in the bull's way — an innocent civilian. The two sorceresses recite a spell and send the golem flying into the sky. The civilian's name is Laia Einberg; she takes the two sorceresses to her workplace. Laia introduces Lina and Naga to her father and brother, who are golem makers. Laia's brother Huey becomes infatuated with Naga's appearance, while Laia's father Garia takes a liking to Lina. Huey and Garia use the sorceresses as models for their new golems. In Laia's town, people create golems for the golem competition, in which golems battle each other. Lina and Naga are very competitive, and they end up battling it out again — only through their golems. As usual, the movie ends up with Lina and Naga wrecking the town. http://www.inverse.org/e/anime/movie/great.shtml"] ['Takuya and company end up on a floating island in the middle of a civil war between human and beast Digimon, instigated by an evil Digimon named Murmuxmon. He was posing as the leader of each side in the war so that he could free an ancient evil - known as Onismon - that the Ancient Warriors, AncientGreymon and AncientGarurumon had defeated. The team then tries to end the war but it is too late and Onismon is resurrected. However he is soon after defeated by the also resurrected AncientGreymon and AncientGarurumon. The movie ends with the two sides finally making peace.'] ['The story follows two orphans, Kuro and Shiro, as they attempt to control and cope with the violence they find on the streets of the pan-Asian metropolis of Treasure Town. Kuro is a streetwise punk, while Shiro is an innocent dope, out of touch with the world around him. First, they take on thugs, religious fanatics and yakuza. And when a corporation called "Kiddy Kastle" conceives plans to tear down and rebuild Treasure Town to fit its own goals, Kuro and Shiro work together to prevent this.'] ['Rowf  and Snitter (a [[Fox Terrier  are two of many dogs used for experimental purposes at an animal research facility in the Lake District of north-western England. Snitter has had his brain experimented upon while Rowf has been drowned and resuscitated repeatedly. One evening, Snitter squeezes under his cage and into Rowf\'s, where they discover his cage is unlatched. Eager to escape the tortures of life inside the facility, they explore, knocking over other cages and finally sneaking into the incinerator, where they are nearly killed before escaping. Initially relieved and eager to experience their new freedom, the dogs are soon faced not only with the realities of life in the wild but with another more terrifying realisation—they are being hunted by their former captors. They come to reluctantly befriend \'the tod\', a Geordie-accented fox, in order to obtain food in the wild, initially farm sheep grazing on the local hills. Snitter hopes for a new home, but after accidentally killing a man by stepping onto the trigger of his gun as he climbs up to him, he too loses hope. As time passes they both grow thin and bony, having to steal more and more food: The tod assists them by distracting a lab-hired gunman who then falls to his death; his corpse is beset upon by the hungry pair. As they wander about aimlessly, the army and the media are roped into the pursuit, driven by rumours of the pair carrying bubonic plague and murdering sheep and even humans. The tod parts with them as the pursuers close in, telling them he\'s got "a few more tricks" up his sleeve, but he is quickly wounded and killed. Snitter and Rowf hear his final scream from a train they board, but neither wants to believe that he\'s been killed: "They\'ll never catch him, he\'s too crafty." As they go, Snitter smells the sea, and deciding that it is their last hope, they begin to swim away into the mist towards the island Snitter sees but Rowf can\'t spot. The dogs swim and swim and swim, until at last, Snitter claims that the island was an illusion due to his operation and begins to let himself drown. Rowf however, finally spots the island and urges Snitter to continue. The film ends with the dogs swimming into the fog, leaving it ambiguous as to whether they survived or not.'] ['{{plot}} In the present day, archaeologist and puzzle master Professor Layton and his young apprentice Luke Triton solve the mystery of the theft of the sound of the bell in Big Ben, deducing the culprit to be Layton\'s perennial adversary, Don Paolo. Following this resolution, the pair return to Layton\'s office, where they listen to "The Eternal Diva", a record by an old student of the professor\'s named Janice Quatlane, prompting them to recall one of their earliest adventures together from three years ago... Layton is invited by Janice to attend an opera in which she is performing, centered around the legendary lost land of Ambrosia and the secret of eternal life it claims to hold, which it is claimed will be rediscovered when its queen returns. Janice believes recent strange occurrences are somehow connected to the opera: in addition to girls disappearing from London, the opera\'s composer Oswald Whistler has recently adopted a young girl who has claimed to be Whistler\'s deceased daughter, and Janice\'s friend, Melina, restored to life. Layton and Luke attend the opera at the Crown Petone opera house, built on the White Cliffs of Dover, and witness Whistler play the entire piece on an elaborate one-man orchestra machine known as the Detragon. Once the opera is complete, however, a mystery man , informs the audience that they are to play a game, the winner of which will receive the secret of eternal life. The Crown Petone is revealed to be a ship, which breaks off from the cliffs and sets sail to isolate the "game", after which the mystery man unveils a series of timed puzzles intended to progressively eliminate the players until one winner remains. The first two puzzles challenge the players to find "the oldest thing they can see", then go where they can "see the largest crown", but Layton\'s prolific puzzle-solving prowess allows him and a group of eleven others to quickly deduce the answers . To "see the largest crown", the group leaves the ship in two lifeboats, rowing out to a distance from which they can see the whole ship, at which point the lifeboats start moving on their own, taking the successful players to their next destination. The next morning, the group finds that the boats have brought them to a mysterious island. Discovering a sculpted stone seal, party member and amateur historian Marco Brock realizes that they have discovered Ambrosia. Evading mentally-controlled wolves as they make their way towards the bizarre castle at the centre of the island, Layton, Luke and Janice become separated from the rest of the group and cobble together a makeshift helicopter that allows them to fly to the castle in short order. There, they solve the fourth and final puzzle that directs them to the final room of the contest, but Layton leaves Luke, Janice and two other contestants  to enter it while he explores the rest of the castle. He\'s followed by two others, who are quickly claimed by a trap. Finding Melina in the castle and witnessing her apparently talking to herself, Layton realizes the truth of what is going on, and races to rejoin the others: Oswald Whistler is behind everything, having conspired with Layton\'s old foe, maniacal scientist Jean Descole, to abduct girls from London and use the Detragon to "program" them with his dead daughter\'s memories in order to resurrect her. This is the fate that befell "Melina" — actually named Nina — and it is the fate that Whistler has planned for Amelia... until Layton explains that Janice was also a victim to Whistler\'s experiments, and that unbeknownst to Whistler, he had succeeded. Janice was "possessed" by Melina\'s memories, and had invited Layton to stop her father from hurting any more girls, at which point Descole reveals himself to be the true villain of the piece, having always intended to use the Detragon in concert with Melina\'s voice to combine the melodies hidden in the seal of Ambrosia to raise the island itself. Melina complies, but when Ambrosia does not rise after two attempts , Descole loses patience and thinking music is not enough, resorts to drastic measures. The Detragon destroys the castle, unveiling and becoming the controls of a gigantic excavation robot called the Detragiganto, which Descole commandeers and begins rampaging across the island in a desperate attempt to uncover Ambrosia by force. During the fracas, Melina tries to stop Descole, who  knocks her away, causing her to fall over the side of the robot, leaving her holding on for dear life. Upon seeing this, Luke pleads to save her from falling. While Luke rescues Melina, Layton duels with Descole on top of the Detragiganto, and reveals that Descole had overlooked a third melody hidden in the seal . Again, Melina sings as Layton takes the Detragon\'s controls, and this time, Ambrosia does indeed rise, infuriating Descole even further. He lunges at Layton, believing that the ruins only belong to him, but merely damages the control panel instead, throwing the Detragiganto out of control and causing it to heavily damage itself and him to fall off it and disappear. In the aftermath of the island\'s rise, Melina\'s thoughts and memories leave Janice\'s body , and Layton and Luke wonder if Melina could have been a reincarnation of Ambrosia\'s queen. In a post-credits scene, back in the present day, Layton and Luke finish listening to the record, just as Janice arrives at Layton\'s office.'] ["From a bleak future, Shinnosuke Nohara sends a girl named Tamiko on a mission to bring his five-year-old self to that time period right before being captured. Reaching the past, she claims to be Shin-chan's bride and takes him and his friends on a wild adventure to try to save the world to come."] ['{{plot}} In Translyvania, gentleman thief Arsène Lupin III is executed. Refusing to believe that Lupin has died, Interpol inspector Koichi Zenigata discovers Lupin has used the dead body as a decoy. Lupin steals a hang glider and flees from the castle. In Egypt, Lupin searches for the Philosopher\'s Stone at the request of a contract with Daisuke Jigen. They find the Stone, but are discovered by Zenigata and the Egyptian officers. Lupin flees from Zenigata by riding a motorcycle through the pyramid corridors and Goemon Ishikawa XIII incapacitate the officers surrounding the pyramid. The three get into Lupin\'s Mercedes-Benz SSK and flee. After Lupin delivers the stone to his lover Fujiko Mine, Fujiko turns on Lupin and steals the stone. Lupin returns to headquarters to listen in on Fujiko to find out who asked for the Stone, only to discover that the Stone was a fake. Dissatisfied that Lupin had given him a fake, contractor Howard Lockewood sends two of his henchmen after him. One of the henchmen piloting the helicopter chases Lupin, Jigen, and Goemon into a sewer. Goemon destroys the helicopter and Fujiko arrives in a Mini Cooper and asks for the Stone; however, Lupin steals her car. Zenigata and Lockewood\'s other henchmen chase after Lupin, with Zenigata and the henchman falling off a cliff during Lupin\'s escape. Flinch destroys Lupin\'s car and his headquarters. Jigen and Goemon lecture Lupin because of Fujiko and nearly get into an argument until Lupin decides to leave Fujiko out. They travel toward the ocean to the desert where Lupin accidentally sets off one of Flinch\'s booby traps before the group finds a house stocked with food and water. A seriously wounded Fujiko comes for Lupin and alienates Jigen and Goemon in the process. Fujiko inadvertently drugs Lupin to sleep and they are captured by Flinch in his plane. Jigen and Goemon travel to Rome and discover a clue of Lupin\'s whereabouts, reading "WATER". Jigen gets pursued by Agent Gordon. Surprised at first by Jigen\'s quick move to threaten him, Gordon manages to bring him and Goemon to Area 64 to be interviewed by Starky, an important government official from America. After listening to a tape of an interfered-with conversation between the secretary general and U.S. president Jimmy Carter, Starky asks for info on the man who broke into the conversation. Jigen hands Gordon the note and angers him by saying that if they knew what the note meant, they wouldn\'t be where they were. Starky decides that Jigen and Goemon knew nothing, releasing them for the sole purpose of using them to find the mystery man. The two know immediately because of spilled water, and the invisible ink is revealed to be "CARIB". Meanwhile, on a Caribbean island, Lupin manages to find the mystery man, who reveals himself to be a dwarf named Howard Lockewood who refers to himself as Mamo. He offers Lupin eternal life, but Lupin refuses, saying that all he wants is the Philosopher\'s Stone. He then manages to find it as Jigen and Goemon head for the Caribbean island. Fujiko plays with Lupin awhile, but they are soon chased by thugs led by Frenchy, Lupin having discovered what Mamo\'s staff was planning to do with the Stone. Lupin and Fujiko end up Mamo\'s lair, where he reveals that the island is inhabited by clones. After Mamo deems Lupin unworthy of eternal life, Fujiko refuses to abandon Lupin even after Mamo reveals to her his dirty secrets. When Mamo tries to kill him, Lupin is rescued by Jigen, who puts a bullet in Mamo\'s head, and Goemon. They and Fujiko then get the hell out of Dodge, but not before Goemon engages in a final confrontation against Frenchy. When Goemon learns that even his Zantetsuken couldn\'t penetrate Frenchy\'s armor unless it had the intensity of a laser, he instead proceeds to cut Frenchy\'s face, much to the latter\'s shock. As Frenchy drops dead into the waters, Zantetsuken is detipped, much to Goemon\'s sorrow. As Lupin and his gang leave the island, they are chased by Zenigata, who chooses the wrong boat to go after them in. Finding Zenigata on a beach, the Commissioner reveals that Zenigata has been removed from the Lupin case due to circumstances beyond their control. He encourages Zenigata to think of it as an opportunity to take a vacation, but Zenigata instead resigns from the police force and goes after Lupin on his own, deciding that the endgame will be in Colombia. Meanwhile, Lupin and his gang  are thrust into a vision by Mamo after tasting coffee laced with sedatives. Mamo reveals his hand in the history of the world and puts the gang back where he had left them after rearranging the room a bit, as Lupin correctly deduces. When Mamo shows up to reclaim Fujiko, Lupin dares him to prove himself a God by performing some kind of miracle and not one of those Las Vegas-style parlor tricks. Mamo responds by setting off several charges to simulate an earthquake, which registers on the Richter scale and alerts Gordon and Starky to where Mamo is located. Lupin figures out what was behind that earthquake and sets off for the source, where he believes Mamo to be hiding. As Mamo convinces Fujiko to push a button to launch missiles, Lupin shows up as the snake to their Adam and Eve, revealing he rigged the missiles to blow up before they could launch. Frustrated, Mamo takes Fujiko with him to a rocket launching pad and tries fending Lupin off with lasers. Lupin uses the tip of Goemon\'s Zantetsuken to deflect the lasers onto Mamo and incinerate him, but not before Lupin learns from Mamo that he is the original Lupin and that it was the clone that swung in Transylvania. Lupin is sure that was the real Mamo until he discovers a chip hidden among the ashes. The rocket emerges, containing a brain that reveals itself to be the original Mamo. Lupin figures out that Mamo had controlled the clones resembling his old body right before the rocket launches into space as Mamo declares he is setting off into space and eventually plans to return to Earth as its one true God. Lupin and Fujiko escape the rocket\'s trajectory, but not before Lupin puts an explosive onto the rocket. The glass shatters, and Mamo\'s gigantic brain drifts toward the sun as Lupin reminds Mamo that time does everyone in and that he should be grateful Lupin put him to death when he did. Fujiko reveals that Zenigata had threatened her into luring his quarry for the catch, and Lupin is unable to convince Zenigata that he is a clone and that the real Lupin was the one that was hanged. Fujiko offers to help Lupin after they kiss, but Gordon launches his missiles on Mamo\'s Colombian base, and Jigen picks up Fujiko in a plane while Zenigata and Lupin escape together on foot.'] ['Welcome to the Space Show, whose story "surpasses Star Wars in its scale" according to its producers, tells of the four adventures of five schoolmates and an alien dog in space during summer vacation.<ref name Read or Die Team to Create The Uchū Show Movie in 2008 | url  Anime News Network | date  June 23, 2010}} The plot revolves around five elementary school kids on their "school trip". In the process of looking for their missing class pet , the children find and rescue a dog they find injured in a corn field. The dog turns out to be an alien called Pochi Rickman, and he invites them to visit the moon as a reward for helping him. However, through a series of strange events, they become stranded and must make their way across the galaxy to get to Pochi\'s homeworld, Wan; so that they may return to Earth. Along the way they are pursued by the aliens responsible for Pochi being injured in the first place. The aliens work for the host  of the universe\'s most popular entertainment, "The Space Show", which appears to be a variety act broadcasted from a mysterious moving spaceship. Neppo is bent on using the power of the ship, called the Pet Star, to become a god. However, the ship requires a particular power source to run; namely a substance called Zughan, which turns out to be a close relative of the wasabi root. As Natsuki is carrying some of the root with them in her bag, Neppo has thus targeted the group. When his thugs fail to retrieve the bag, Neppo goes himself; arriving just as the children and Pochi reach Wan. The Pet Star\'s tractor beams steal the bag, but they also take Amane as well. This leads to a show down at an interstellar festival, where with the help of friends they\'ve made along the way, the children manage not only to defeat Neppo and rescue Amane but also save the entire universe. The children are then able to return home  and arrive at the school just before their parents show up to retrieve them.'] ['Mima Kirigoe, the lead singer of the J-pop group "CHAM!", decides to leave the band to become an actress. Her first project is a direct-to-video crime drama series called Double Bind. Some of her fans are upset by her change in career and persona, including a stalker known as "Me-Mania." Shortly after leaving CHAM!, Mima receives an anonymous fax calling her a traitor. She also finds a website called "Mima\'s Room", which features public diary entries that seem to be written by her that discuss her life in great detail. She brings the site to the attention of her manager, ex-pop star Rumi Hidaka, but is advised to ignore it. Meanwhile, on the set of Double Bind, Mima succeeds in getting a larger part. However, the producers decide to cast her as a rape victim in a strip club. Rumi warns Mima that it will ruin her reputation, but Mima accepts the part voluntarily. Though it is apparent that Mima is indecisive, the atmosphere of the scene traumatizes her to the point that she increasingly becomes unable to separate reality from fantasy. She can no longer distinguish real life from her work in show business. Several people who had been involved in creating the scene are murdered. She finds evidence that makes her appear to be the prime suspect, and her increasing mental instability makes her doubt her own innocence. It turns out that the diarist of "Mima\'s Room" is delusional and very manipulative, and that an intense folie à deux has been in play. The faux diarist and serial killer, who believes herself to be a Mima who is forever young and graceful, has made a scapegoat of stalker Me-Mania. Mima knocks Me-Mania unconscious with a hammer in self-defense when he attempts to rape her, and she then runs to her only support she has left alive, her manager Rumi. Later on, back in "Mima\'s room", Mima tries to call Mr. Tadakoro but he has also been murdered, along with Mr. Me-Mania who was killed in self-defense. When Mima encounters Rumi, however, her manager is wearing a replica of Mima\'s CHAM! costume and crazily singing Mima\'s pop songs. Rumi is in fact the false diarist, who believes she is the "real Mima". Rumi is angry that Mima has been ruining the "real Mima\'s" reputation, and decides to save "Mima\'s" pristine pop idol image through the same means she has been using all along: murder. Mima manages to incapacitate Rumi in self-defense after a chase through the city despite being wounded herself. Rumi remains permanently delusional and institutionalized. Mima has grown from her experiences and has moved on with her life with newfound independence and confidence.'] ["A supervirus known as Daemon has taken over the Super Computer, and is trying to infect the entire net. Despite being a virus, she is not malevolent, and only wants to bring order to the net. To this end, she used something called 'The Word' to brainwash people she comes into contact with, and has already infected all of the Guardian Collective, apart from Bob and Matrix. Mouse, Dot, and Phong manage to seal off a few systems on the net, and when Daemon activates her infection which has been lying dormant, all but those systems become infected. During the course of the battle, Mike the TV, then AndrAIa, Matrix, and Mouse become infected, and therefore loyal to Daemon. Since it was Mouse who programmed the firewall to seal off Mainframe, Daemon uses her to break in, as she needs Bob to help infect the other sealed off systems. Arriving in Mainframe, Hexadecimal powers up in the core, and uses the energy to fight Daemon. However, it is in vain: Daemon initiates the final stage of the infection, which causes everyone infected to begin a net-wide binary countdown, which will cause them all to be deleted. Being a cron virus, Daemon's time was up, and is instantly deleted. A cure to the infection, taken from Matrix's icon, is delivered to the entire net by way of Hexidecimal through a dispersed portal. While everyone is cured, it seemingly fragments Hex into deletion, as Dot had previously described. At the end of the movie, Bob and Dot get engaged. However, a few seconds later, a portal opens and Ray Tracer and another Bob step through, leading to confusion."] ["The movie begins with Gouki  battling his master Goutetsu. Though both combatants show equal potency, in the end, Gouki is the victor, killing Goutetsu with the Raging Demon technique. Gouken arrives in time to find the mangled body of their master Goutetsu and a no longer human-looking Gouki. Gouken scorns Gouki, telling him that his path was set for him and asking why he would do such a thing. Gouki steals his master's beaded necklace and walks away completely unfazed. Sayaka, unable to reach the fight in time, falls down to her knees and vomits, a sign of her pregnancy and her connection to Gouki. The movie then moves forward, introducing Ryu, who is visiting his master's old dojo. It is there that an apparition of Gouki comes to Ryu and challenges him. When Ryu comes to his senses, he is greeted by an old man, who says that he, too, had just witnessed what was a true demon. The old man invites Ryu to his house, where Ryu meets his granddaughter Fuka, and offers to train him. Sakura shows up and spars with him, which encourages Ryu to accept Gouki's challenge. Ryu seeks out Akuma, and the fight begins. During their hard battle Ken confronts the old man and is easily taken down. It is here that old man tells Ken about the Satsui no Hadou. He states that the Satsui no Hadou is a mysterious evil life force that dwells within certain fighters. As this life force is exploited, it grows stronger until it consumes its possessor. Once the person is consumed by the Satsui no Hadou, they cannot be released from its hold. He states that the Satsui no Hadou is ancient, that even old warlords knew of its existence. As Ryu and Gouki continue to fight, Ryu becomes desperate and is temporarily possessed by the Satsui no Hadou. However, he realizes that it is not the correct course of action and stops using the power. Gouki scolds Ryu, saying to him that his path to a great warrior had been clouded and that a true warrior unleashes his full potential. Seeing Ryu as no threat to him anymore, Gouki unleashes a Metsu Hadouken on him, only to have Ryu survive it. Gouki then walks away, cursing Gouken and saying that he will meet Ryu again and fight him. Gouki sees an apparition of Sayaka treating his wounds in the past before the scene shifts back to the present with Gouki demonstrating a more human appearance with normal eyes, perhaps implying that he has regained some of his humanity. Bruised from his fight, Ryu walks away, foreshadowing a possible battle in the future. The movie ends with the old man standing, looking to the sky and addressing an old friend . He states that he was asked by Gouken to take care of a young child  who was left in his care when his mother  died giving birth to him and was told not to let him take the path that his father  had chosen, but one day, took his eyes off the child for an instant, and it was the biggest mistake he had ever made. He states that he is too old, and that his time has come. Fuka later buries him and prays in tears. Ryu takes one last look at her and leaves soon after, beginning his travels again."] ['A plus soul is chased by a hollow in a local park. Ichigo Kurosaki and Rukia Kuchiki appear and dispatch of the hollow and send the soul off to Soul Society. Comically, Ichigo finds his body inspected by medics, having turned into a Soul Reaper without placing an artificial soul within his body. He escapes from the scene with the aid of Rukia. Soon after, unidentified ghost-like spirits begin appearing in Karakura Town. A mysterious Soul Reaper who calls herself Senna appears and begins destroying the spirits. Ichigo and Rukia return to their Soul Reaper forms  then confront her, but she refuses to answer any questions and leaves. In the battle, Kon notices a figure wearing dark armor among the spirits. Ichigo follows Senna while Rukia returns to Soul Society in order to search for answers. Ichigo encounters Tōshirō Hitsugaya and Rangiku Matsumoto while following Senna, who tells him to come with them to the Urahara Shop, having been sent to earth to investigate why the real world is suddenly appearing as a reflection in the sky in Soul Society, having been noticed by Ikkaku Madarame and Tetsuzaemon Iba. Back at the Urahara shop, Kisuke Urahara explains that a dimension between Soul Society and the real world, the Valley of Screams, has expanded to the point that it is connecting the two worlds. The spirits seen earlier are "Blanks", souls without memories that were lost in the space between the two worlds and that comprise the Valley of Screams. The memories of the Blanks combine to form a single entity, the "Shinenju." Deducing through the use of Kon having witnessed the armoured figure from before, he instructs the Soul Reapers assembled to find the Shinenju before this mysterious group does. Ichigo once again follows Senna around, where they make a scene at a nearby mall. Shortly afterwards, Senna is attacked by the armoured beings, and Ichigo arrives to fend them off, not knowing their motives. While trying to help a soul find his father, Senna and Ichigo travel to a monastery, when suddenly officers from the Gotei 13, namely Renji Abarai, Jushiro Ukitake, Soì-Fon, Toshiro Hitsugaya and Rukia appear at the monastery along with some armed forces. They declare that Senna is the Shinenju, and order Ichigo to hand her over, but Ichigo, valuing her as a being and not an object, refuses. The mysterious group arrive, calling themselves the "Dark Ones", and are identified as a group of exiles from the Soul Society seeking revenge for the past, appearing and capturing Senna while managing to fight off the Soul Reapers and Ichigo. In the ensuing battle, Ichigo is mortally wounded and is taken back to Urahara Shop, where Orihime Inoue proceeds to heal him. The Dark Ones take Senna to the Valley of Screams and attach her to a device powered by the Blanks that will cause the Valley to collapse, resulting in a collision between the real world and the Soul Society that would destroy both worlds. Ichigo travels to the Valley to rescue Senna while Rukia goes to get reinforcements from Soul Society. However, Captain-Commander Shigekuni Yamamoto-Genryūsai wants to destroy the Valley before it collapses and refuses to order a rescue mission with only an hour left. In the Valley, Ichigo is overpowered by the large number of blanks and by the Dark Ones, but he is saved by the arrival of his Soul Reaper counterparts, Soí-Fon, Izuru Kira, Renji, Byakuya Kuchiki, Toshiro Hitsugaya, Rangiku Matsumoto, Kenpachi Zaraki, Yachiru Kusajishi, Ikkaku Madarame and Yumichika Ayasegawa. In the meantime, Jushiro Ukitake convinces the Captain-Commander to prolong the destruction of the Valley so that the Soul Reaper force in there may complete the mission and escape the Valley beforehand. The Soul Reapers quickly defeat the Dark Ones and Blanks, and Ichigo battles and eventually defeats their leader, Ganryu. The Soul Reaper force then quickly leave the Valley and reappear in the real world, content in finishing the mission. However, the process of the collapse has gone too far to be completely stopped. Senna sacrifices herself to push the two worlds back apart to save Ichigo, using the power of the blanks to trigger explosions between the Real World and Soul Society in order to stabilize both. Afterwards, when both worlds have been saved, Senna, weakened by her efforts to restore the worlds asks Ichigo to take her to the graveyard so she can see her name on her gravestone. Although the stone had the name of one of a Blank whose memory Senna had, Ichigo lies and tells her that her name is on it. Believing him, she expresses contentment that she once had a life of her own before fading away. Rukia notes that once the power of the Blanks fades away, so will all memories of Senna. However, the last scene shows Ichigo walking on the bridge where the portal to the Valley was and sees a red ribbon, the one that he had bought Senna, floating down from the sky, and sees a girl who looks just like her running past him, causing him to smile.'] ["In this movie, Lina and Gourry travel to the town of Acassi, known for its tasty octopus. However, the octopus meat is cursed, causing the person who eats it to only be able to speak takogo . Sorcerers and sorceresses cursed by this also cannot cast spells, since the spells have to be spoken in a common language in order for them to work. Gourry just happens to eat one of the cursed octopuses , which causes him to speak in takogo. This often creates awkward situations during the film . But soon, everyone in town starts to speak takogo , despite the fact that they haven't eaten any octopus. Xellos is also there, seeming to know some details about what is going on but isn't divulging anything. It soon becomes evident that the octopuses plan to use the accumulated anger from the villagers of Acassi to release a demon that was sealed many years before. Lina and her friends have to stop these plans before they come to fruition. However, it becomes complicated when Lina is infected with the takogo affliction, which negates much of her magic, including the Dragon Slave, her signature move."] ['The plot-summaries of the shorts are listed below in the order that they run in the DVD release, which is not the chronological order. Chronologically, the order would be: *The Second Renaissance - a prequel set generations before the original film, The Matrix, relating how humans built artificially intelligent Machines, the apocalyptic war between the two, ending with the Machines enslaving the human race and the initial creation of The Matrix virtual reality. *A Detective Story - a stand-alone story in which the character Trinity appears, but independently of any other characters. Because Trinity is present it takes place at least within several years of the films, and though it is not made clear within the cartoon if it takes place before or after Trinity met Neo in the original film, another official source places it before the events of The Matrix.Matrix Universe poster, included in Enter the Matrix: Official Strategy Guide, Bradygames, 2003. *Kid\'s Story - set during the six month gap between the events of the first and second films, after Neo joins the crew of the Nebuchadnezzar in freeing other humans from the Matrix. Its events are briefly alluded to in dialogue at the beginning of The Matrix Reloaded. *Final Flight of the Osiris - takes place directly before The Matrix Reloaded, as the hovercraft Osiris stumbles upon the Sentinel army digging to Zion. At the beginning of The Matrix Reloaded, Niobe mentions that their reconnaissance photos of the Machine army were transmitted from the Osiris. The other four shorts  are independent of the events of any other installment. While they generically deal with the virtual reality of the Matrix, and the Zion rebels, conceivably they could take place at any point in the generations-long struggle between the human rebels and the Machines running the Matrix. Like the Matrix trilogy, the entire movie except The Final Flight of the Osiris was rated R by the MPAA mainly for its Sci-Fi violence. When it was released on DVD, it was unrated.  The Second Renaissance is a two-part film written and directed by Mahiro Maeda. He used Bits and Pieces of Information written by the The Wachowskis as a prequel to the series as a base for the first part. With increasing numbers of people released from all labor, the human population has become lazy, arrogant, and corrupt. Despite this, the machines were content with serving humanity and, as the narrator states, "for a time, it [the status quo] was good". This phrase is a reference to one of the most famous phrases of Genesis, consistent with the Biblical references seen throughout the original Matrix films, and is one of numerous references to Genesis in particular present in "Second Renaissance". The relationship between humans and machines changes in the year 2090, when a domestic android is threatened by its owner. The android, named B1-66ER in what appears to be a reference to the character Bigger Thomas from the novel Native Son, then kills the owner, his pets, and a mechanic instructed to deactivate the robot. This murder is the first incident of an artificially intelligent machine killing a human. B1-66ER is arrested and put on trial, but justifies the crime as self-defense, stating that it "simply did not want to die". During the trial scene, there is a voice-over of Clarence Darrow  quoting a famous line from the Dred Scott v. Sandford case in 1856 in his closing statement, which implicitly ruled that African Americans were not entitled to citizenship under United States law. Using this as a precedent, the prosecution argues that machines are not entitled to the same rights as human beings, and specifically that human beings have a right to destroy their property, while the defense urges the listener not to repeat history, and to judge B1-66ER as a human and not a machine . {{quote}} B1-66ER loses the court case and is destroyed. Across the industrialized world, mass civil disturbances erupt when robots and their human sympathizers rise in protest. World leaders fear a robot rebellion, and governments across the planet initiate a major program to destroy all humanoid machines. News reports show rioting in American and Western European cities such as Chicago and Berlin, alongside the peaceful "Million Machine March" on the Albany district courthouse where B1-66ER was sentenced. Visual references are made to such incidents as General Nguyễn Ngọc Loan\'s execution of Viet Cong officer Nguyễn Văn Lém, the Tank Man standoff following the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989, the Al-Aqsa Intifada and The Holocaust. Some robots escape destruction when humans, in their greed, still want the robots to work and produce things for them. The machine population is exiled, and they create their own nation in the Middle East, named Zero One . According to the narrator, the robots built Zero One in "the cradle of human civilization", an allusion to the Fertile Crescent, apparently located in Saudi Arabia\'s "Empty Quarter" which is devoid of human life. Essentially ghettoized at Zero One, the machines establish their own industrial base there and begin to produce efficient, highly advanced artificial intelligence, echoing Vernor Vinge\'s thoughts on a technological singularity. The new nation excels at manufacturing high-tech consumer products, and before long, Zero One\'s consistent export of cheap, reliable, mass-produced goods begin to undercut the global economy. The United Nations Security Council calls an emergency economic summit at UN headquarters in New York City, resulting in UN delegates approving of a global economic blockade of Zero One that echoes the Cuban Missile Crisis. Two robotic ambassadors, built as a mechanical Adam and Eve, are sent by the leaders of Zero One to peacefully request the admission of their state to the United Nations as a prelude to settling the economic crisis peacefully. Despite their peaceful intentions, the ambassadors are forcibly removed from the chamber, and their application is rejected. As this scene unfolds, the narrator states that "this was not the last time the machines would take the floor there" foreshadowing the end of Part II. Part I ends as the Security Council debates the issue of short-sightedly declaring war on the Machine Empire.  Part II opens with United Nations aircraft unleashing a massive nuclear bombardment on Zero One. The nuclear carpet bombing devastates the machine city, but is unsuccessful in destroying many elements of the mechanical population, given that the machines did not have the same weaknesses to the bombs\' fallout and heat as humans. The machines retaliate by unleashing their armies to conquer neighboring human countries, triggering a world war between the United Nations and Zero One. Unfortunately, most of the world\'s industrial output is already based in Zero One, as the lazy humans had grown accustomed to not producing things for themselves. Despite their best efforts, human troops are unable to hold back Zero One\'s relentlessly efficient onslaught, and slowly retreat . As the machine forces push deeper across the planet, military leaders begin to pursue increasingly desperate solutions. At a summit of political and military leaders from around the world, unanimous approval is given to a plan code-named "Operation Dark Storm", which aims to cut the machines off from the sun, their primary energy source. The plan is executed in 2095, with high altitude bombers dispersing sky-darkening nanomachines into the air, while the human armies simultaneously launch a ground offensive against the machine forces. The plan is initially successful, although many of the human nations\' long-range weapons systems are also disabled by the lack of sunlight. With their high-tech weapons rendered useless, human commanders are forced to launch close-quarters infantry engagements, supported by electromagnetic artillery fire and armored assaults using atomic tanks and powered armor. Heavy losses are taken on both sides, but the Machines gradually gain the upper hand. Legions of a new model of machine, no longer in humanoid form and appearing more like the insectoid or cephalopod-like Sentinels and others of the Matrix films, overrun the human armies. This coincides with the destruction of original man-made robots at the hands of human forces and, as a result, the further dehumanization of the rapidly emerging machine collective. As the machine armies swarm across the human defenses, the United Nations, in desperation, fires nuclear missiles directly at the machine armies, vaporizing their own troops in the process. To make up for the lack of solar power, the machines begin capturing human prisoners and using their bodies to power large biomechanical tanks, which quickly cut through the dwindling human artillery. As the expanding armies of Zero One overrun Eurasia, they unleash lethal biological weapons which further ravage humanity. Eventually brought to its knees by the might of the machine army, the Security Council calls a global summit at U.N. headquarters to sign an armistice and end the war. Zero One\'s machine ambassador signs the peace treaty with a barcode, in which the humans agree to surrender their remaining territories to the machines. "Your flesh is a relic, a mere vessel. Hand over your flesh and a new world awaits you. We demand it" are the only words the machine utters before it detonates a nuclear bomb in the meeting chamber, killing most of the planet\'s leaders and destroying New York City, one of the few remaining human settlements. In 2102, the machines crush the leaderless remnants of the human armies, and the war ends. Zero One is victorious, but it is a Pyrrhic victory: the planet has been devastated by the war and by the crippling ecological impact of the Dark Storm shroud, which the machines are unable to remove. In need of a new energy source, the machines adapt their bioelectric tank technology to build vast human-stocked power stations, using their bodies\' waste-energy to catalyze a powerful fusion reaction, in which in its making the Humans endure many days of agonising torture, and at its completion, the Machines create the computer-generated virtual reality of the Matrix , to keep their prisoners sedated by feeding the virtual world into the prisoners\' brains, starting with the first prototype Matrix .  Kid\'s Story was written by the The Wachowskis and directed by Shinichiro Watanabe, with animations by Kazuto Nakazawa and production design by Studio 4°C, Tokyo. It is the only one of the animated shorts contained in The Animatrix in which Neo appears. The short takes place during the six month gap between The Matrix and The Matrix: Reloaded, during which time Neo has joined the crew of the Nebuchadnezzar and is helping the rebels to free other humans from the Matrix. Kid  is a disaffected teenager who feels there is something wrong with the world, frequenting hacker chatrooms on the internet and wondering if he is alone. In school, he absent-mindendly scribbles "Neo lives" in his notebook. One day he receives a personal invitation from Neo  to escape the Matrix . The following day, he receives a call from Neo on his cell phone, and is chased through his high school by a band of Agents, before ultimately being cornered on the roof. He asserts his faith in Neo, and throws himself from the roof, whereupon the other characters are shown holding his funeral. The short fades up from black as the Kid awakens in the real world to see Neo and Trinity watching over him. They remark that he has achieved "self substantiation" , which was considered impossible. In both the short itself and The Matrix Reloaded, however, the Kid seems to believe it was Neo\'s actions, not his own, that saved him. Self-substantiation is never thoroughly discussed in any part of the series. Morpheus speaks of the founder of Zion who freed himself, presumably without external help. However, this was revealed to be a ruse by the machines. Kid\'s Story and World Record both heavily hint at this as the viewer wonders how a man being awoken from one of those pods, apparently helpless, could somehow build and start a city.  Program was written and directed by Yoshiaki Kawajiri. The character designs were done by Yutaka Minowa. In case with Beyond and Matriculated it is also a midquel of the first or second film. It follows the protagonist, "Cis" , who is engaged in her "favorite simulation": a battle program set in feudal Japan. After successfully eliminating an attacking enemy cavalry, a lone samurai appears whom Cis recognizes as "Duo" . "Cis" made her first appearance as an image in The Matrix Revisited. Initially, the two duel as allies, testing one another\'s fighting abilities. During the course of their duel, Duo briefly disarms Cis. He questions her concentration and wonders whether she regrets taking the Red Pill that took them out of the "peaceful life of the virtual world". They continue fighting until she finally overpowers Duo and is poised for the \'kill\'. It is at this point that Duo states that he has "something to say". She sarcastically assumes that he wants to propose [marriage]; but instead he admits a desire to return to the Matrix; incredulous, Cis nevertheless responds that doing so is impossible as \'the truth\' is already known to them, forbidding their re-integration. Duo reasons that reality is harsh and that he is tired of it. He adds that the Machines can make the both of them forget the truth. Duo then states that he has disabled or killed the other crewmembers and contacted the Machines. He asks Cis to return with him to the Matrix, but she continues to refuse. As Duo becomes more aggressive in his arguments for returning, Cis attempts to escape while simultaneously warding off his attacks. Becoming increasingly uncomfortable with the situation, Cis requests an operator in order to exit the simulation. Duo tells her that no one can hear her and reiterates that it "is already done...[the machines] are on their way". Thereafter their fighting becomes much more serious and forceful as they move from rooftop to rooftop. Duo, in a flying leap, attacks her from above with his sword. As the blade comes towards her, Cis, standing her ground, concentrates and halts its forward motion inches from her face and breaks it. She takes the broken end of the blade and thrusts it into Duo. Duo states his love for her as he dies. Suddenly, she wakes from the program and discovers that the encounter with Duo was a test program devised for training purposes. A man named "Kaiser"  unsuccessfully assures her that she acted appropriately during the test and met the test\'s targets. Clearly upset, she punches him in the face and walks away. He remarks that "aside from that last part", she passed the test.  World Record was created by Madhouse and directed by Takeshi Koike, with a screenplay by Yoshiaki Kawajiri and is also a midquel of the first or second film. The beginning of this short includes a short narration from the Instructor  explaining details behind the discovery of the Matrix by "plugged-in" humans. Only exceptional humans tend to become aware of the Matrix, who have "a rare degree of intuition, sensitivity, and a questioning nature", all qualities which are used to identify inconsistencies in the Matrix. This is not without exceptions, given that "Some attain this wisdom through wholly different means." The story is about Dan Davis, a track athlete, who\'s competing in the 100m in the Summer Olympic Games. He has set a world record time of 8.99 seconds, but his subsequent gold medal was revoked for drug use. He decides to compete again and break his own record to "prove them wrong." Despite support from his father and a young reporter, Dan\'s trainer tells him that he is physically unfit to race and that pushing himself too hard will cause a career ending injury. Dan is adamant on racing. On the day of the race, he is monitored by 4 agents located in the stadium. The race begins and Dan starts off strong. However, the muscles in his leg violently rupture, putting him at a setback and scaring many of the people in the stands. Through strong willpower, Dan ignores the injury and runs much faster than he did before, easily passing the other athletes. Before he can cross the finish line, 3 of the agents possess the 3 closest runners and try and stop him, but even they can\'t catch up to him. Dan\'s massive burst of energy in the Matrix causes his real-world counterpart  to rip apart the plug connecting him to the Matrix, causing him to see the real world through his pod. A Sentinel restrains him back in his pod and violently shocks him with electrified restraints. Dan\'s mind is thrown back into the Matrix, but his body is exhausted from the race and what he has just seen, causing him to tumble to the ground at high speeds. Despite this, Dan easily won the race and broke his original time of 8.99 seconds with a time of 8.72 seconds. The next scene shows a crippled Dan being wheeled by a nurse through a hospital. A nearby agent calls his other agents to tell them that they erased Dan\'s memory of the race and that he will never walk again; he won\'t be an issue. However, Dan quietly whispers the word, "Free," angering the agent and telling him to sit back down. Davis then breaks free of the restraints in his wheelchair and takes a few steps before falling down again and being helped up by the nurse.  Beyond is written and directed by Koji Morimoto. It is a midquel short film, during the first or second installment of the trilogy. It follows a teenage girl, Yoko , looking for her cat Yuki. While asking around the neighborhood, indicatively somewhere in Japan, she meets some younger boys. One of them tells her Yuki is inside a "haunted house" and invites her to see it. The children have stumbled across an amalgamation of anomalies within an old, dilapidated building. They have learned to exploit this glitch in the Matrix for their own enjoyment, through several areas which seem to defy real-world physics: glass bottles reassemble after being shattered, rain falls from a sunny sky, broken lightbulbs flicker briefly , a door which opens into an endless dark void, shadows which do not align with their physical origins, and a dove\'s feather that rotates rapidly in place in mid-air. There is a large open space in the middle of the run-down building where they take turns jumping off a high point and falling towards the ground, yet somehow stopping inches before impact. This proves amusing and they do not seem to be bothered by the inherent strangeness of the place. Throughout the film, brief sequences show that Agents are aware of the problem in the Matrix, and a truck is seen driving toward the site to presumably deal with the problem. It arrives while the children are still playing, and an Agent-led team of "rodent exterminators" moves in to clear everybody out of it. The story ends when Yoko and the others return to the area the next day and find the site has been turned into an unremarkable parking lot. They unsuccessfully attempt to re-create the bizarre occurrences of yesterday and soon go in search of something else to do.  A Detective Story is written and directed by Shinichiro Watanabe, with animation by Kazuto Nakazawa and is a direct prequel to the first film. It follows the story of a down-on-his-luck private detective, Ash , on what he calls the "case to end all cases". Ash receives an anonymous phone call to search for a hacker that goes by the alias "Trinity" . Ash traces Trinity and learns that other detectives have failed in the same task before him; one had committed suicide, one had gone missing, and one had gone insane. He then attempts to speak with the insane detective but cannot get anything substantial out of him. This detective is an African American with a thin mustache who shows a resemblance to Walter Mosley\'s detective character \'Ezekiel "Easy" Rawlins\'. This is a possible homage to the character as Mosley\'s detective series is set in a similar Noir type setting and there were not many black detectives at the time. Eventually Ash finds Trinity after deducing that he should communicate using phrases and facts from Lewis Carroll\'s Alice\'s Adventures in Wonderland. She proposes a meeting, and he successfully finds the location. At the meeting she removes a "bug" from his eye, planted by Agents earlier in an "eye exam dream". Agents appear and attempt to apprehend Trinity in a shoot-out with her and Ash. While the two fugitives are trying to escape the train, an Agent attempts to take over Ash\'s body, forcing Trinity to shoot him in order to prevent the Agent from appearing. Ash is wounded, whereupon he and Trinity bid farewells without malice. Trinity escapes, telling Ash that she thinks he could have handled the truth. Agents enter the car to find Ash, who points his gun at them while looking in the other direction and lighting a cigarette. The Agents turn to Ash who, even though he is armed, will likely die. With this apparent no-win situation, the film ends with Ash\'s line  as his lighter flame goes out.Easy Rawlins  {{Redirect}} Matriculated was written and directed by Korean American director Peter Chung, widely known for his work on Aeon Flux. Like Beyond, it is a midquel of the first or second film. The film deals with a group of above-ground human rebels who lure hostile intelligent machines to their laboratory in order to capture them and insert them into a "matrix" of their own design. Within this matrix, the humans attempt to teach the captured machines some of the positive traits of humanity, primarily compassion and empathy. The ultimate goal of this project is to help the intelligent machines develop free will in order to overcome their original "search-and-destroy" programming, rather than reprogramming it by force. The rebels\' hope is that, once converted of its own volition , an "enlightened" machine will assist Zion in its struggle against the machine-controlled totalitarianism which currently dominates the Earth. After capturing one of the "runner" robots, the rebels insert the machine into their matrix. The experience of the robot leads it to believe it may have a relationship with one of the female rebels, Alexa , either friendship or something deeper. However, the rebel group is attacked by the Machines and unplug themselves to defend their headquarters, but they experience what might be considered a Pyrrhic Victory: all the onscreen rebels are killed but the single robot captured in the film successfully \'reprogrammed\', indicated by the machine\'s mechanical eye changing from red to green. The robot plugs the dying Alexa into their matrix with itself, the only two things left surviving. Much to the machine\'s dismay, when the rebel realizes she is trapped inside the matrix with the "friendly" robot, she turns horrified and her avatar dissolves screaming as she clutches her head, and the robot exits from the rebels\' matrix to see a motionless Alexa in front of him in the real world. The film ends with the \'converted\' robot standing outside the headquarters of the human rebels, with a light on its back now turned back to the color red.  Final Flight of the Osiris was written by the The Wachowskis and directed by Andy Jones, with CG-animation production and design by Square Pictures, this segment is rated PG-13 by the MPAA for "Sci-Fi Violence, Sensuality and Language". The short is a direct prequel leading into the events of The Matrix Reloaded. Thadeus , a muscular man and an athletic woman called Jue  engage in a blindfolded sword fight in a virtual-reality dojo. With each slice of their swords, they remove another piece of each other\'s clothing. Immediately after cutting the other down to their underwear, they lift their blindfold to peek at the other. As the two are about to kiss, they are interrupted by an alarm and the virtual reality simulation ends. In the next scene, the hovercraft Osiris is headed for Junction 21 when Robbie , the operator, picks up thousands of Sentinels on his HR scans. The ship flees into an uncharted tunnel, where it encounters another group of Sentinels patrolling the area. The crewmembers man the guns onboard and destroy the patrol. The ship then emerges on the surface, four kilometers directly above Zion and close to the army of Sentinels previously detected in the scan. Alerted to the Osiris\'s presence, the army of Sentinels pursue the ship. Captain Thadeus decides Zion must be warned, and his shipmate Jue volunteers to broadcast herself into the Matrix to deliver the warning while the ship is doggedly pursued. Jue and Thadeus admit to peeking at each other in the VR simulation. Entering the Matrix on a high rooftop, Jue jumps off and acrobatically makes her way down through structure work between two buildings. When she hits the ground in the alley below, a ripple effect is created by her impact. She drops off a package into a mail box. The package sets the prologue for Enter the Matrix. She attempts to contact Thadeus via a cell phone as the Osiris are overcome by Sentinels and crash. The Sentinels tear their way into the ship. At the time of the call, Thadeus is making a last stand to hold off the Sentinels. Shortly after Jue says "Thadeus" over her cell phone, the Osiris explodes, destroying many of the pursuing Sentinels. In the Matrix, Jue falls to the ground, dead, her body having been destroyed on the ship.'] ["The Yamato and her crew face the onslaught of the Comet Empire, a civilization from the Andromeda Galaxy that seeks to conquer Earth, led by Zwordar the Great . The Earth ship is aided by an antimatter woman, Teresa of Telezart , while the Comet Empire has revived Earth's greatest enemy, the Gamilas' leader Desslar, who is eager for revenge. After an immense battle destroys the forces of both Earth and the Comet Empire, the Yamato destroys the White Comet's cover, revealing the Empire City that hid inside it. After a long battle, Susumu Kodai orders everyone else off the Yamato before ramming her into the Emperor's ship head-on, sacrificing his life and the ship to defeat Zwordar and save humanity."] ["{{Plot}} While sorting mail at Dr. Agasa's house, Conan finds an invitation addressed to Jimmy from Leo Joel, a famous architect. Jimmy calls Rachel using his voice-changing bowtie and asks her to go in his place. Rachel agrees, on the condition that Jimmy goes to a movie with her on Saturday. On Saturday morning, Conan receives a call from a strange man, who challenges Jimmy to a game. Conan accepts the challenge, and the mystery caller gives him clues leading to bombs hidden all over Tokyo. Conan finds and destroys every one. Because the bombs were located near structures Joel designed, Conan deduces that the bomber is Joel, who planned to destroy his 'inferior' works and create a perfect new building. Upon his arrest, Joel reveals the location for his final bomb: Beika City Building, the location of Jimmy and Rachel's date. The bombs explode and seal the entrances and exits, trapping Rachel and others inside. Conan makes his way through the collapsing building, but is blocked from Rachel by a warped door. Using his tie and cell phone, he calls Rachel and asks her to look for the bomb. Rachel finds it in a large shopping bag. To disarm the bomb, Jimmy tells Rachel which wires to cut. However, Joel made two extra wires, one red, one blue. One of them is booby-trapped, but Jimmy has no idea which one it is. Jimmy tells Rachel to cut either one. As the rescue team arrives and carries him away, Jimmy realizes that Joel knew that Rachel's favorite color was red and booby-trapped the red one. In the last few minutes, Rachel makes a desperate decision and cuts the blue wire because the red wire represents the red string of fate between Jimmy and her."] ['Once upon time, a war was waged and Huang Di defeated Chi You with the mystic power of the sacred stone that was used by Nu-Wa mended from the heavens. After the war, Huang Di created four treasures to seal the stone and ordered four Guardians to look after them. Yuan Boo led a group of hitmen including the legendary kung fu master Wong Fei Hung. Driven to protect the sacred stone, the party would eventually find the treasure only to be seized by the westerner Patton. Now the world has fallen into a catastrophe and only Fei Hung can save itYesAsia. "YesAsia." "The Warrior Translation." Retrieved on 2007-01-21.'] ["The film opens with Nefeltari Vivi flying with Pell in a brief flashback. Returning to the present, Vivi and the Straw Hats meet Crocodile's subordinate Mr. 2 Bon Clay. Mr. 2 shows the Straw Hats his devil fruit ability, which allows him to assume the form and voice of anyone whose face he has touched. Vivi describes a brief history on how the Baroque Works leader Crocodile has used Dance Powder while posing as the country's hero. He has also tricked the rebel and royal armies into fighting each other. Once in Alabasta and after crossing the desert, the Straw Hats find the rebel's base deserted, while the rebel army, led by Vivi's childhood friend Koza, witnesses the port town Nanohana being burned by members of Baroque Works disguised as soldiers of the royal army. The rebels decide to attack Alubarna, where at the same time Mr. 2 impersonates the king, Nefeltari Cobra, and orders the royal army to engage. Meanwhile in the desert, the Straw Hats are intercepted by Crocodile and his partner, Ms. All Sunday. Crocodile aims for Vivi, but Luffy stays behind and distracts him, while the other Straw Hats escape. In the ensuing fight, Crocodile defeats Luffy by impaling him through the chest with his hook and buried alive. The Straw Hats arrive at Alabasta's capital city, Alubarna, where the officer agents of Baroque Works are already waiting for them. The Straw Hats lure them into the city, allowing Vivi to try and stop the approaching rebels. Vivi's attempt fails and she rushes to the palace. Meanwhile, Usopp and Chopper defeat the officer agents Mr. 4 and Miss Merry Christmas, while Sanji manages to defeat Mr. 2. Vivi finally reaches the palace and convinces the acting royal army captain, Chaka, to blow up the palace to make the fighting sides listen to her. However, Crocodile and Ms. All Sunday arrive and interfere with her plan. Back in the streets, Nami defeats Ms. Doublefinger and Zoro learns to cut steel by defeating the blade-bodied Mr. 1. Back at the palace, Koza witnesses Crocodile questioning Vivi's father who stands nailed to the wall, about the ancient weapon Pluton. He and Chaka attack Crocodile, but are quickly defeated. With the two armies' leaders in his control, Crocodile engulfs the palace plaza in a sandstorm, making it even harder to stop the fighting. After that, he follows his partner and the king into the royal mausoleum. Luffy arrives and follows Crocodile. In the streets, Vivi and the remaining Straw Hats try to find a bomb set by Baroque Works to wipe out both armies. Luffy and Crocodile fight in the mausoleum. Crocodile hits Luffy with his poisonous hook, but Luffy is not stopped. The Straw Hats find the bomb, as well as Mr. 7 and Miss Father's Day in the city's clock tower. Vivi takes out the agents and prevents the bomb from being fired; however, Vivi discovers that the bomb has a timer. Pell arrives and supposedly sacrifices himself to save Alabasta. Meanwhile in the mausoleum, an enraged Luffy breaks Crocodile's poisonous hook and defeats him. Back at the plaza, it starts to rain and, with Chaka and Koza presenting the defeated Crocodile as the rebellion's orchestrator, the fighting stops. It rains for three days. After that, Luffy wakes up and a banquet is given for the pirates. News arrives that a marine fleet is on their way to Alabasta. The Straw Hats decide to leave as fast as possible, leaving Vivi with a choice. The next day, she appears at the coast, to say farewell to the crew. From there, she uses a transponder snail to broadcast a speech through the country. The film ends with Vivi asking whether she was still their friend, but the Straw Hats show the sign of their friendship on their arms. In the end credits, Vivi finds Pell alive and peace eventually returns to Alabasta."] ['Charlotte, a young woman, is abducted by Baron Meier Link, a vampire nobleman who is known not to harm humans needlessly. Charlotte\'s father hires D to find her and kill her humanely if she turns into a vampire. At the same time, her older brother also hires the notorious Marcus brothers for backup. The two parties  race inexorably after Meier Link. However, Meier Link hires the Mutant Barbarois; a group of lethal mercenary body guards. They consist of Caroline, a shape shifter; Benge, a shadow manipulator; and Mashira, a werewolf. As the story progresses, Meier Link\'s abduction turns out to be an escape by him and Charlotte, as they are lovers. Through the journey, D talks to Leila and tells her that she can have a life that someone like him could never have, the life of a normal human. They make a pact, if either one of them survives, the survivor can bring flowers to the other\'s grave. Near the end of the movie, Meier Link goes with Charlotte to the Castle of Chaythe, where Countess Carmilla, Meier Link\'s patron, waits for them. Carmilla, a ghost of a vampire who died long ago, reigned supreme within the Castle of Chaythe when vampires were all-powerful and unchallenged. However, her bloodlust was so strong that Count Dracula, D\'s father, killed her in disgust. After going to the Castle of Chaythe, D fights Carmilla\'s ghost, who plotted to kill Charlotte and return to life. D, along with Leila, let Meier Link leave for the City of the Night with Charlotte\'s body. In the final scene of the movie, D arrives at Leila\'s funeral, watching from a distance. Leila\'s granddaughter greets him and invites him to stay with them for a while. D declines, saying that he simply came to "repay a favor to an old friend, who feared no one would mourn her death." He admitted he was glad she was wrong. The girl thanks him, and D replies by smiling gently at her, and leaves.'] ['College student Takeshi Hongo is abducted into terrorist organisation Shocker , at the hands of a cyborg Inhumanoid  known as the Bat. There, he undergoes painful reconstructive surgery, turning him into an Inhumanoid himself. Unlike the original series, he does not escape prior to mental condition by Shocker, and becomes one of their soldiers, nicknamed "Hopper". He carries out a mission successfully, and meets Shocker\'s Major Agents, including Dr. Shinigami. Hongo receives his orders&mdash; Kill those who have seen Shocker\'s Inhumanoid soldiers. However, what he doesn\'t realise is that the two witnesses are the journalist who had interviewed him prior to his kidnapping, Asuka Midorikawa  and her fiancé Katsuhiko Yano . Attacking the two along with Shocker soldier Spider, it is here that Hongo remembers his humanity, and has an epiphany with regards to what he should do. Despite his efforts, Katsuhiko is killed by Spider, and Asuka finds Hongo next to the body. Blaming him for Katsuhiko\'s death, she begins to follow him, attempting to ascertain why who she thought was a normal college student is a murderer. Meanwhile, at Shocker headquarters, it is revealed that those who undergo Shocker\'s treatment need periodic blood transfusions, lest they reject their cybernetic components. Though Hongo seems to lack the need for the transfusions, he is labeled a "traitor" by Shocker and must be destroyed. It is here that Dr. Shinigami reveals his plan to create a second soldier based on Hopper\'s design to do the job. Hongo, having now abandoned Shocker, visits Tōbei Tachibana, who gives him his motorcycle, the Cyclone. He is then able to defeat Spider. Asuka meets Hayato Ichimonji, who is identical to her fiancé, who she thought was dead. He reveals that "Katsuhiko Yano" was an alias. What he doesn\'t tell Asuka is that he has been kidnapped by Shocker and turned into the 2nd Hopper. His mission: defeat Hongo at any cost. The film also features a subplot, interspersed throughout. It involves two terminally ill hospital patients, who get a chance to live after an offer by Shocker. The couple is taken to Shocker\'s island base, where they laugh and play under the watchful eye of Shocker\'s sinister bird logo. It is only then that it is revealed that this part of the film has been a flashback, taking place around a year ago. The two had undergone the reconfiguration and surfaced in the current story as Shocker soldiers Cobra and Snake, who branded Ichimonji a traitor for failing Shocker by putting his feelings for Asuka first. Ultimately, the Riders team up after Bat attempts to kidnap Asuka and turn her into an Inhumanoid, which enrages Ichimonji enough to cause him to turn on his former masters. They defeat Shocker\'s three cyborg soldiers at their island base, but Shinigami and other Major Agents have survived, and they\'re already in the fashioning of a new base of operations while plotting a new scheme to eliminate Riders, once and for all.'] ["The plot of Marine Express can be described in two parts. The first part focuses on the people boarding the train and the problems they encounter on it. The second part takes place after the train has stopped at its half-way point, an island that used to be home to an ancient civilization millennia ago and has its fair share of secrets.  The story takes place in the year 2002. Construction has finished on an amazing piece of engineering and technology: the Marine Express. Traveling on a rail through large glass tunnels, the train is capable of taking passengers from Los Angeles, California to Japan. To celebrate its completion, a test-run has been arranged with many of the train's founders and family on board. The train was designed by Doctor Narzenkopf, whose oldest, and adopted, son, Rock, is the train's pilot. Also with Doctor Narzonkopf is his youngest son, Adam. Funding the train's construction is Director Credit, who is on the train with his daughter Milly. In addition to the train's staff, others have boarded the train without permission. One of them is Shunsaku Ban, a detective on the trail of a criminal who he suspects is on board the train. Originally, he had been hired by the Chief Engineer of the Marine Express to investigate a possibility that someone was going to try and use the train for illicit means. Upon arriving at the engineer's home, Shunsaku was shocked to find his client murdered. Furthermore, the murderer hadn't left the premises yet, and when Shunsaku caught a glimpse of the culprit's face, he was shot. After recovering and seeing TV coverage of the train's test-run, Shunsaku now has reason to believe the man he's after is on the train. In addition to Shunsaku, others who had boarded the train without position include Black Jack, a surgeon who treated Shunsaku Ban and has followed him onto the train in order to receive payment for his medical bill, and also Skunk Kusai, a criminal who intends to use the train as a means to smuggle illegal weapons and is the one responsible for murdering Shunsaku's client and shooting Shunsaku. On the train, many disastrous situations arise forcing the passengers to work together to overcome their obstacles. When Shunsaku Ban confronts Skunk, Skunk and his cohorts fight back, forcing Shunsaku and a few other passengers to band together to keep the criminals from taking over the train. In the firefight, Doctor Narzenkopf is critically wounded, forcing Black Jack to do immediate brain surgery. However, Doctor Narzenkopf's son, Adam, is actually a robot designed to override the train's systems and force it to crash. The Doctor created Adam to do this because he feared what the Marine Express would do to the ocean ecology, and couldn't stand to see its results. Adam, however, has begun questioning his own existence, knowing that he is a robot, and designed for the sole reason of destroying the train. While in this mental quandary, he befriends the only other child on the train, Milly, daughter of the train's financial backer: Director Credit. Despite their budding friendship, Adam goes to the train's cockpit and takes over the computer systems, integrating them with his own. Overriding the system, Adam intends to force the train to crash, forcing the train to be shut down and preserving the ocean's ecosystems. In a twist of fate, Adam finds that he is not the only robot on board. Milly is actually a robot as well. Through her kind words and persuasion, she convinces Adam to relinquish control of the train, allowing it and its passengers to reach their destination safely, an island designated as a half-way point and rest stop for the passengers of the train.  Arriving at the island, the surviving passengers disembark to get some rest. Shortly after getting off the train, however, does Rock see a glimpse of a beautiful woman before him. Suddenly, the Marine Express and all of its passengers are transported 30,000 years in the past. Confused as to where they are, they are approached by a vampire named Dondora. Taking them to his master, they are greeted by the wicked fiend that had displaced the Marine Express and its passengers: Sharaku. A fiendish sorcerer and master of technology, Sharaku intends to use the Marine Express and all technology on it for his own sinister purposes. As for the passengers, he intends them to become excellent slaves. Before he can execute his fiendish scheme, the passengers are saved by a mysterious white lion that can somehow fly. Escaping from Sharaku, they follow the lion to where a beautiful woman is being held captive. Rock immediately recognizes her as the beautiful woman from his vision, and she explains the situation to the Marine Express passengers. Before Sharaku, she was Empress Sapphire of the Mu Empire. The Mu Empire was a peaceful civilization until Sharaku appeared. He overthrew her, and seized control of the Empire for himself. Not satisfied with just the Mu Empire, Sharaku hopes to expand his reign of power to beyond the Mu civilization. With the Marine Express, he hopes to have total domination of time and space. Rock swears to Sapphire that he will help her reclaim her kingdom and together with the other passengers, they devise a way to stop the sinister Sharaku. Once defeated, the passengers had to decide what to do next. They could either stay behind to try and help rebuild the Mu Empire, or take the Marine Express back to the present. Some that stayed behind included Rock who was going to wed Sapphire and Black Jack who wanted to stay and treat the injured. In the end, those that stayed behind devoted themselves to trying to help an old civilization rebuild after near destruction, while those that returned to the present were determined not to let their own civilization come close to the near destruction of the Mu Empire."] ['Many animals inhabit a peaceful forest known as Placid Forest. They attempt to resist, and ultimately must declare war on, some humans who live in a nearby village. The humans plot to cut down all the trees in Placid Forest so they can make money and become millionaires, but the animals know that they will lose their home if they do not act fast. The animals team up and carry out a systematic process of operations to guard their habitat.'] ['The film opens as the Earth Flagship "Blue Noah" leads the first Emigration Fleet to Amare. Suddenly, thousands of unidentified ships appear and open fire. The Earth fleet\'s  warships counterattack, but are quickly overwhelmed. Blue Noah is damaged critically. On one of the failing support ships, Captain Yuki Kodai, wife of the protagonist Sumusu Kodai, orders her ship to do an emergency warp, but for some reason, she vanishes mysteriously after the warp. 38 year-old Sumusu Kodai, having quit the EDF sometime after Final Yamato, becomes captain of the cargo vessel "Yuki". He picks up the distress signal from the crippled Blue Noah and quickly arrives at the wreck with a boarding party. Without warning, three ships of the enemy fleet arrive. With Kodai at the helm, Blue Noah has just enough power to cover a small distance and fire one shot. Kodai\'s precise timing and maneuvering destroys all three ships. Later, at the Headquarters of the EDF, Commander Sanada discusses with Kodai about the approaching black hole. Kodai also learns that his wife became lost in the battle. Sanada wants Kodai to lead the Third Emigration Fleet, saying he should follow his wife\'s example of volunteering. Kodai returns home, and is met by his bitter daughter, Miyuki, who blames him for the supposed death of his wife. The two barely speak, and before Kodai can attempt to talk with her, he is called back to HQ with news about the second fleet being destroyed by three different fleets, not including the enemy fleet earlier. This means Earth now has four enemies. Kodai accepts command of the Third Emigration Fleet without hesitation, and Sanada reveals his ship: the "Yamato" itself, newly rebuilt in the Aquarius ice asteroid. After arriving at its drydock and taking his seat in the captain\'s chair, he makes a solemn vow to find his wife, refusing to believe she is dead. On the other side of the galaxy, the leader of the enemy fleets and the fleet that attacked the Blue Noah is revealed to be the SUS. Metzler, the leader of the SUS, deceived the others that Earth is an invader, and they are barbarians. However, one leader--Gouri, admiral of a fleet belonging to the planet Ethos--is unsure. The Yamato takes off and joins the fleet, taking its place at the front as Flagship. In the planning room, the crew lays out the mission. The plan is to slingshot around a small black hole, BH199, and boost the arks and warships into high warp, propelling them to Amare much faster than usual. There is no other option, as there are enemy ships lurking around them and the previous fleets were destroyed at this area. Gouri watches the first group of arks slingshot and warp, and then, still unsure, orders an attack. Soon, all the fleets open fire in a frantic battle, damaging warships in each side. However, when Gouri witnesses the Yamato putting herself in harm\'s way to defend an ark, Gouri concludes that he has been lied to. He orders his fleets to cease firing and retreat, since the action of the Yamato is "not how barbarians act". He contacts Kodai and tells him that they were mislead, twisted to do the bidding of the SUS. Seeing that the EDF fleet fought honorably, Gouri allows them to go in peace. It had some repercussions--he is later threatened by Barlsman, a SUS leader. However, Gouri holds his ground. The third EDF fleet successfully arrives at Amare, much to the joy of HQ and the citizens of Earth. However, not all is well. SUS launches an attack on Amare, dropping bombs on its cities. Gouri, in an attempt to reclaim his honor and save Amare, rams his vessel into the SUS flagship, destroying it and himself. Yamato is ordered by General Pascal not to interfere, as it would make Amare-SUS relations worse. Kodai, remembering that his wife always fought injustice, is inspired and informs the Queen Iriya of Amare of his intention to declare war on the SUS. The Yamato launches and blows away the SUS bombers easily. The Queen is brought to tears and thanks Kodai and his crew for their bravery. General Pascal is also inspired, and joins the EDF fleet for one final battle: an assault on the nearby SUS space fortress. If it is destroyed, then the SUS will lose control over everything. Earth and Amare fleets warp in, and are plunged into battle. Once again, the EDF fleet takes heavy damage, and the Amare fleet is completely wiped out. During the long battle, the Yamato\'s First Officer sacrifices himself and disables the defensive energy shield around the fortress by ramming it with the Yamato\'s auxiliary ship. The Yamato prepares its Wave Motion Gun for the first time, and with five powerful shots, destroys the fortress. Then, an immense ship emerges from the bowels of the destroyed fortress, unleashing one superweapon after another. It is only stopped when Kodai, realizing that the power source is the artificial sun behind it, uses the final available shot of the Wave Motion Gun on it, collapsing the sun and turning it into a black hole. The Yamato escapes, while the enemy ship--with all of the SUS leaders in it--is torn apart and sucked into it. Metzler escaped the destruction of the SUS space fortress, and appears to the Yamato crew and reveals himself and the people of the SUS as energy beings that can change form, being sent to this galaxy from another universe. He then disappears. The Yamato warps back to Earth, and the energy being Metzler appears again. He reveals that the black hole headed for Earth is artificially created and controlled: it will serve as a portal to "steal" Earth and take its resources, since they cannot be found in his world. Kodai realizes that it must have a power source. The Wave Motion Gun automatically reconfigured to enable it to fire all six shots in one go, a risky decision that could destroy the ship, but the crew unanimously agree that saving Earth is more important. The Yamato dives into the black hole, and as it reaches the core, the Wave Motion Gun fires, destroying the artificial weapon in a gigantic implosion. The blast from the Wave Motion Gun had ruptured and damaged the Yamato bow and front section; the third bridge  also suffers serious damage and is exposed to space, rendering Chief Navigator Maho Orihara, who was working in it, and her assistants dead, but the ship is still space-worthy and orbits Earth in triumph. Earth can now be repopulated and the arks can return home. Kodai also reconciles with his daughter in the end.'] ['{{Plot}} InuYasha\'s father defeated a powerful Chinese moth yōkai named "Hyōga" 200 years ago. Now a Shikon Jewel fragment has freed "Menōmaru", Hyōga\'s son. He seeks revenge for his father\'s destruction and to free the power of his father sealed away with him. Menōmaru and his minions, "Ruri" and "Hari", begin battling with InuYasha. Miroku and Sango have their hands full dealing with the duo, Ruri having copied Miroku\'s Wind Tunnel and Hari having stolen Sango\'s faithful companion, Kirara. Menōmaru curses Kagome so she turns against InuYasha. When Menōmaru is finally able to access the power of his predecessors, sealed away by InuYasha\'s father, he becomes the new Hyōga and exponentially more powerful as each generation gains the power of all the preceding generations. Hyōga soon begins to change the essence of time and space as he\'s absorbing the souls of countless people in order to fully merge himself with his family\'s power. This causes the mind control that he put on Kagome to awaken and injure Kaede and search for InuYasha. As he\'s crossing a bridge, InuYasha thinks he sees Kikyo but instead it\'s Kagome who is wearing clothes similar to Kikyo\'s. InuYasha greets her on the bridge while Kagome is trying to tell him to run, but unfortunately cannot be heard. Then walks over to InuYasha and puts her head on his shoulder. He embraces her after which Kagome says "InuYasha... get away.", warning him of her attack. He looks in amazement but is then stabbed by magical "claws" that come from Kagome\'s hands; afterwards, he realizes what Menōmaru has done. He then is chased by the controlled Kagome to the tree that he was sealed to. Regaining control of herself for a moment, Kagome tells InuYasha to run. After hearing that from everyone, InuYasha gets angry saying that he will not run and leave Kagome alone. It is with that Kagome loses control and shoots InuYasha to the tree  Kagome manages to break free of this control and cries out in pain to InuYasha and runs over to him, holding him in her arms. Kikyo then comes along saying how ironic it was for that to happen. Then she begins to tell Kagome that this happened because Kagome did not belong in this era that she needs to take the Jewel Shard and go to her own time. Kikyo then forces Kagome down the Bone Eater\'s Well to remove her once and for all since through Menomaru\'s manipulation of time she thought that Kagome would be trapped in the future. After returning to her own time, Kagome walks out to a snowy Tokyo. When she is walking towards the tree that InuYasha was sealed to and where he sits now, she sees him there, knocked out due to her shooting with an arrow while she was controlled by Menomaru. As she walks towards him, a snow flake floats by and erases the image. It is then that she realizes that without a way back to Feudal Japan, that she can never see InuYasha again and that she collapses and begins to cry. Once she gets back up, she heads over to the tree and places her hand on it. InuYasha and Kagome are then connected to each other through the tree and begin to talk through thoughts. He asks where she is, Kagome tells him that she is in her own time. He replies by saying "You got scared?" Angry at first, Kagome says that was not the reason, but then recalls her reaction to Kikyo and admits to being afraid. It is then that Kagome sees InuYasha as if he were awake. She tells him that she feels helpless and since she hurt him that "maybe it\'s better if I wasn\'t around at all." With that InuYasha stands up and tells her to stop saying such things. Kagome tells him not to move because he will open his wounds, but InuYasha walks over to Kagome and embraces her tightly  saying that "I need you.... Don\'t you understand?" Kagome then begins to cry again and lets her head fall into his shoulder saying "Thank you... InuYasha." It then goes back to Kagome standing by herself. She then tries to go back to the well but sees that it has roots coming out of it. She then runs back to the tree and touches it again and tells InuYasha that she cannot get back, InuYasha then replies that she can use a sacred arrow. Kagome does not have any sacred arrows she thinks, but then realizes where she can get one. She then gets a stick and bow from her grandfather. She jabs the stick into the hole where she injured herself and where InuYasha was pinned to, pulling out a tip of an arrow. Before running back to the Bone Eaters Well, her mother gives Kagome her school uniform. After putting it on, Kagome shoots the arrow into the well just as a reawakened InuYasha is about to slash the roots away. The blast from the arrow causes InuYasha to get burnt and fall back into rubble. She emerges from the well. Myoga tells them that they have to defeat Menomaru before it\'s too late. Sesshomaru appears realizing that his father\'s ancient enemy is fighting with his half brother, but chooses not to interfere. For the first time in the series he has a conversation with Kikyo. Kikyo somehow knew he was InuYasha\'s older brother, and Sesshomaru knew about her relationship with InuYasha as he told Jaken and Rin that she was nothing, but a dead miko. He leaves warning her that only he will kill InuYasha. Miroku and Sango manage to defeat Ruri and Hari and join InuYasha, Kagome and Shippo in a stand against Menomaru. However, he emerges from his cocoon as the new Lord Hyoga, a moth god with far more power than his father ever had. But Kagome\'s sacred arrow destroyed his power\'s font and InuYasha\'s Backlash Wave  killed him. After the credits end, InuYasha and Kagome are sitting together in modern Tokyo by the Tree.'] ['{{plot}} After his defeat by Terry Bogard, Geese Howard retreats to the mountains, where he is visited by his half brother, Wolfgang Krauser, who finds out who defeated him. In another part of the country, Terry Bogard meets up with a young boy named Tony who wants to be just like him. Tony witnesses him battle with Kim Kaphwan and asks to be his disciple, but Terry refuses. Later, Terry encounters Krauser and they fight. Terry loses due to his injuries and earlier battle with Kim. Krauser tells him to recover and meet him in Germany at Stroheim Castle. Geese, meanwhile, plans to take down Krauser. Terry wakes up in Tony\'s home and learns that he was taken care of by Tony\'s mother. Tony is not present, and Terry leaves at his mother\'s behest. Later, Tony notices Terry at the train station and asks him to stay, but Terry refuses. He also forbids Tony to go with him because of his mother, but Tony does so anyway without his knowledge. Terry\'s defeat causes him to start drinking, and ends up being assaulted by street thugs. Tony helps him, determined to help him straighten up so he can prepare for his next fight with Krauser. Terry, however, is so depressed with his defeat that he throws away his fighting gloves. In Japan, Mai Shiranui comes to the dojo where Jubei Yamada and Andy Bogard live, wanting to see Andy. The meeting ends unfavorably for Andy, because he is clueless of Mai\'s affections towards him. Suddenly, Joe Higashi appears, telling Andy that his brother lost a fight and has gone underground. Later that night, Jubei tells Andy and Joe about Krauser, which Mai eavesdrops on. Krauser comes from a noble family, the House of Stroheim, who act as bodyguards to European royal families. However, this is really a cover, as it is said that they have actually overthrown governments and started revolts. The head of the House is thus known as "The Emperor of Darkness" and Krauser is the best the family has produced. He also killed his own father on his sixteenth birthday just to be head of the family. In his mansion, Krauser reminisces about his father, recalling the day he was beaten up by him as a child and when he killed him, feeling nothing after his death. A young Geese is shown to have tried to kill the elder Krauser to avenge his mother. Krauser had thwarted the attempted assassination and slashed Geese with his own knife, giving him the long scar running across his left eye. Back at the dojo, Jubei warns Andy and Joe not to get involved with Krauser, but Andy, angered by his brother\'s defeat, refuses to listen. Jubei thus challenges Andy for leaving the dojo. Andy wins the match and leaves with Joe to seek revenge. Jubei asks Mai to accompany him. In a park, a sleeping Terry is roused by some punks who try to rob him, but gets beaten up. Tony learns of Terry\'s involvement in the fight and subsequent arrest. At the airport, Joe decides to find Terry while Andy, along with Mai, will handle Krauser. Terry is released from prison with Joe\'s help, but Joe is ashamed to see him in his state and leaves him to his own devices. Tony is still determined to help Terry get out of his drunken depression. In Germany, Andy and Mai try to find Krauser but learn that he is out of the country on bodyguard duty. Mai uses the opportunity to spend time with Andy, but they end up separating. Mai runs into Laurence Blood, Krauser\'s right hand man, who discovered their attempt to find Krauser. Blood defeats Mai and takes her prisoner, but she is rescued by Andy. Terry is challenged by Axel Hawk and his sparring partner during one of his drinking bouts, with Hawk unconvinced by his drunkenness. Tony ends up fighting Hawk\'s sparring partner, who reluctantly gives him a working over. During the fight, Terry has a dream of his childhood when he was beaten up and told himself to get stronger so he could avenge his father. A few years after being well trained, he was able to defeat the man who had beaten him up. Awakening, he sees Tony and is reminded of his childhood. Tony is badly beaten, yet never gives up until Hawk\'s sparring partner refuses to continue. Angered by Hawk\'s actions, Terry challenges him and wins. He recovers and is eager to take on Krauser again. In another country, Joe Higashi takes on Krauser in his hotel room on his own in an attempt to avenge Terry, but is unsuccessful and is heavily injured, suffering two dozen broken bones. Along the way to Germany, Terry fears that he is not strong enough to take on Krauser, but the spirits of Lily McGuire and Tung Fu Rue appear before him and tell him that he can win this fight. Learning of Joe\'s injuries, Terry and Tony visit him in the hospital where they meet Mai. Joe tells Terry that Andy will meet him at the cemetery where they last went their separate ways. When Andy and Terry meet, they decide to battle each other with everything they have, with the victor getting to fight Krauser. They nearly kill each other, but Terry wins, showcasing his new technique, the Power Geyser. The next day, Terry and Tony arrive at Stroheim Castle and Terry takes on Krauser. The battle is fierce, with the fighters destroying everything that surrounds them. In the end, Terry wins with the Power Geyser, which makes Krauser bleed internally. Shamed by his defeat, Krauser throws himself from a damaged wall to his death. Geese greets the news of his death with laughter. Tony and Terry part at a train station. Tony promises Terry that someday he will be a great martial artist just like him and receives his cap.'] ["When Jack climbs the beanstalk, he finds himself at a creepy castle in the Land of the Clouds, with a beautiful princess, people turned into mice, an evil witch hellbent on becoming Queen, and her slow and ugly son, the giant. Jack must save the princess from the witch's evil plans and help restore the Land of the Clouds to its former glory."] ['In the beginning of this film, Leo is an adult and has just learned that his mate, Lyra, has just given birth to two cubs: Lune  and Lukio. After a grand celebration, the scene changes drastically to a bustling city where a man named Ham Egg is travelling from jeweler to jeweler to try and sell a special stone he found in the Bajalu Jungle. After being turned down at every pawn shop and jeweler he goes to, the jewelers all inform someone of Ham Egg\'s whereabouts, and soon he is hauled away in a black car by intimidating men in black suits. As it turns out, the stone that he\'s been trying to sell is really the "Moonlight Stone", a mineral that could be used as a power source and save the world from an impending energy crisis. A scientific organization led by Dr. Plus and Dr. Minus seek the help of Ham Egg to lead them to the source of the Moonlight Stone so it can be salvaged and used to help humanity. Ham Egg, however, is only interested in money, but is soon persuaded by Dr. Plus who is well aware of Ham Egg\'s illegal poaching activities. Ham Egg agrees to work for them, but demands to be put in charge of the search. Accompanying Ham Egg is Mr. Lemonade of the organization, and Dr. Moustache who is already stationed in the jungle. When they arrive in the jungle, Dr. Moustache and Mr. Lemonade are shocked by Ham Egg and his "friends" who want only destroy jungle forest land and shoot any animal they come across. Dr. Moustache constantly argues with them over being respectful to nature, as Mr. Lemonade records everything that happens in his journal. As Leo\'s son, Lune, becomes more and more curious of the human world, Leo continues to protect the animals of the jungle from whatever may threaten them, including Ham Egg\'s sinister actions, dissent amongst the animals, and a deadly disease that is affecting the animals. With his domain violated by humans in a relentless search for the Moonlight Stone, their actions bring death to the jungle and break up Leo\'s family. Leaving Leo with the heavy responsibility of bringing peace to the jungle, his family, and even the humans. Lune leaves the jungle behind, and travels by a log in the water to a nearby city. Lune is found by fishers and taken to a circus. A girl from the circus decides to take care of him, and he befriends a rat named Jack. Eventually a bird from the jungle finds Lune and tells him of how the disease is killing off many animals and she leaves with her flock. Lune is frightened by the idea that his family may be dead. Eventually there is a fire in the circus and Lune gets all the animals to help put it out. Lune, Jack and, the girl who took care of Lune bid their goodbyes and Lune sneaks onto a boat that will help him get back to Africa. In the jungle, Lyra is affected by the deadly disease and shortly dies. Although Lukio comes down with the same ailment, Dr. Moustache is able to cure her. We see near the end of the film that she gets better. However, we do not see her in the rest of the film. Leo, heartbroken by the disintegration of his family, decides to lead the humans to the center of the mountain where there are many moonlight stones. Many hunters are lost on the way, but finally they arrive. As they discover the stones, Ham Egg shoots at the trio. At the last minute, Mr. Lemonade jumps in the way and takes the bullet himself and dies. They soon discover the stones, and Ham Egg, blinded by greed, steals one of the stones and swallows it so no one else can have it, but dies shortly afterwards because the stone poisoned him. Dr. Moustache takes Leo and together they escape back down the mountain. It is then that Moustache suddenly realizes that the lion has gone blind. He rids of the stone they got because he believes it has ruined enough lives. The film ends with Lune returning from the human\'s world and Dr. Moustache taking the cub to see his father\'s pelt. Leo died on the journey by stabbing himself with Dr. Moustache\'s knife. He did this so Dr. Moustache could eat his flesh and clothe himself with Leo\'s fur so he can tell the humans what they need to know. Lune then begins nuzzling his fur. Dr. Moustache tells Lune about what his father did, "Your father was as wise as he was brave, and you should know what he did to save the world. He was the most courageous soul I\'ve ever met, a true king who gave his life to save the land." Then both of them head out into a meadow and see clouds in the shape of Leo.  A major story change made for this movie version is that while all the animals communicate with each other, they do not talk to the humans. This change is in direct opposition to Tezuka\'s stated premise behind his original Jungle Emperor story: that an inter-species society of animals must include humans as well.{{cite web}}'] [':"At the end of their lives, all men look back and think that their youth was arcadia." — Goethe During the early 20th Century, some time after World War I, aerial explorer Captain Phantom F. Harlock is embarking on what is to be the magnum opus of his long career, the traversing of the Owen Stanley Mountains in New Guinea. His major obstacle is the phantom of the witch that haunts these mountains. In a last desperate attempt to cross the mountains, Harlock ditches all but ten minutes of fuel in order to gain altitude. He carries on to his fate, amidst the mocking laughter of the Owen Stanley Witch. Near the end of World War II, Phantom F. Harlock II is an Iron Cross-wearing German fighter pilot that flies a Messerschmitt Bf 109. During a major defeat for his side, he meets Toshiro  Oyama, a Japanese exchange technician working in Germany. Tochiro\'s project is to design a new gun sight for use in fighter planes. Harlock\'s most treasured possession is the Revi C-12D which he calls his "eye". Both men believe the war to be wasteful and pointless and Tochiro especially hopes that the rockets being developed by Germany may one day lead to a more positive application, such as a trip to the moon. Tochiro wishes he could escape from the war and possibly go to neutral Switzerland where he might be able to fulfill his dream. Harlock offers to take him in his plane. Stowing Tochiro in the plane\'s fuselage, Harlock is able to fly to Switzerland, but only after surviving a fierce aerial dogfight with disables his plane and forces him to crash land just short of the Swiss border. Carrying an injured Tochiro across the river to sanctuary, Harlock departs, giving Tochiro his Revi C-12D, before crossing back into the warzone where Harlock expects to face the consequences of his actions. Although this Harlock\'s ultimate fate is unknown, Tochiro pledges friendship between their two bloodlines for all eternity. At some time in the late 30th century , a Solar Federation officer named Captain Harlock returns home in his battle cruiser Deathshadow to find that aliens from the Illumidus Empire have conquered Earth and enslaved humanity. However the remaining humans blame him and other warriors like him as they were not there to protect the planet when they needed it. Harlock, along with the Tokargans who are ashamed of their role in Earth\'s downfall set out to lead a resistance against the aliens and adopts the fighting strategy of ancient marauders. During the course of the struggle, Harlock meets a former Solar Federation engineer; a Japanese man who he\'s never met before but feels he knows. This man, Tochiro Oyama reveals his secret project, the dreams of all his ancestors. Hidden in a deep cavern under the occupation headquarters is a space battleship that he designed and built. This ship is called Arcadia, in honor of the eternal friendship forged between Phantom F. Harlock and Tochiro Oyama during another war. Harlock also meets Emeraldas, an old friend, who immediately offers herself to the cause. The Tokargans, after witnessing the death of the last female of their race, sacrifice themselves to save the Arcadia from the life sucking flames of the Flame Stream Prominence . Harlock\'s lover and voice of the Underground, Maya is killed by Illumidas gunfire. Honorably defeating the occupational commander in ship to ship combat, the quisling ruler of Earth, Triter, nonetheless declares Harlock and Emeraldas outlaws and exiles them to space. Amidst an Earth that prefers servitude to their new masters over the hard but noble fight for freedom, Harlock, Emeraldas, Tochiro, and their new pirate crew of idealists and romantics set for the stars, heading out for parts unknown.'] ['Shortly after escaping the planet from Pitch Black, Riddick, Jack, and Imam are picked up by a ship. They quickly discover that it\'s a mercenary ship. Although Riddick attempts to conceal his identity from the mercenaries by impersonating William J. Johns  over the intercom, they quickly voice-print and identify him. Captured by the mercenaries, the trio of survivors discover that their captors have unusual plans for them. The ship\'s owner, Antonia Chillingsworth , collects criminals, whom she freezes and keeps as statues that are, in her view, art. Although the criminals are frozen, they are alive and conscious. To her Riddick is the ultimate "masterpiece" for her collection. Riddick, Jack, and Imam must fight their way through the army of human and alien creatures at her disposal or they will meet a fate crueler than death. Riddick is pursued much of the story by Toombs and his mercenarys/bounty hunters. Mercenary soldiers are kept in suspended animation until they are needed. They are released to confront Riddick and company aboard the ship. Jack has important character development, as she discovers her violent side by shooting the ship\'s owner just before she can kill Riddick. This discovery is clearly a source of worry for Riddick and Imam as the three escape from the mercenary ship. Riddick decides to deliver both Jack and Imam to New Mecca, leaving them behind.'] ['A war galley is caught in a storm at sea. The ship\'s weatherworker is distressed to realize he has lost the power to control the wind and waves, but is more so when he sees two dragons fighting above the clouds, one of which is killed by the other. The King of Enlad, already troubled by tales of drought and pestilence in the land, receives news both of the strange omen at sea and of the disappearance of his son, Prince Arren. The King\'s wizard, Root, tells the tale of how dragons and men were once "one", until people who cherished freedom became dragons, and men chose possessions, and of his fears of how the land\'s plight is because of the weakening of the "balance". The King has little time to ponder on this before he is killed in a dark corridor by a young boy, who is revealed to be his son Arren. The young prince steals his father\'s sword and flees the palace. The action now moves to the desert where Arren is pursued by wolves, and rescued by a wizard who turns out to be Sparrowhawk  the Archmage. Arren accompanies Sparrowhawk and travels to the city of Hort Town. Arren goes to explore the town alone, suddenly becoming scared as if something is following him. While running, Arren sees a young girl, Therru, fleeing from slavers from whom he saves her, although he also shocks her with his indifference to the life of any person, even his own. Later in the evening Arren is captured by the slavers but loses his sword as the head slaver believes it to be worthless junk. Arren is rescued by Sparrowhawk from the slavers, and they travel to a farm where Therru is looked after by a woman, Tenar, whom Sparrowhawk has known. The head slaver  reports back into a castle to Lord Cob, and almost pays with his life for the loss, until he tells Cob that Sparrowhawk freed the slaves. Cob orders him to bring Sparrowhawk to the castle. At the farm, Sparrowhawk reveals that he is investigating the cause of the Balance being upset and leaves for Hort Town, where he discovers that the sword Arren had is in a merchant shop. Sparrowhawk is then confronted by Hare, but transforms his face to disguise himself. When the slavers leave, he buys the sword. Arren, at the retreat, reveals to Therru, who gradually accepted him, that he killed his father and that he is scared of the unknown presence following him. Later he leaves in secret. Tenar is captured by the slavers as bait to lure Sparrowhawk into the castle and leaves Therru behind tied to a post as a messenger. Arren is again pursued by the unknown presence and runs away, falling into a lake and falling unconscious underwater. Cob, who sees this, saves him and brings him to the castle, where he manipulates him, saying Sparrowhawk wants to use Arren to discover the secret of eternal life. Cob blackmails Arren to reveal his "true name", Lebannen, to control him. Sparrowhawk, on the way back to the farm, encounters Therru, who freed herself, and gives her the sword, telling her to stay and give it to Arren if he returns. He goes to the castle to save Tenar but instead finds Arren, who tries to kill him, but fails. Sparrowhawk tells Arren that death is natural and that no one can live forever causing Arren to realize what he almost did, before being captured as his power is weakened within the stronghold of Cob\'s castle. Therru sees a copy of Arren and follows him to the castle, where he reveals he is the light within Arren. He tells Therru his true name and says while he cannot go into the castle, he will be with her at all moments. Inside of the castle, Therru finds Arren, guilty and full of hopelessness, and brought hope back to him by saying his true name, breaking Cob\'s control over him. She also tells him her true name, Tehanu. Both go to rescue Sparrowhawk and Tenar from Cob who is about to throw them off a high tower. After fighting and scaring off Hare and the slave traders, the sword that Arren possesses unsheathes, revealing that this is due to its magical nature, and he cuts off Cob\'s hand, which flies away still holding his staff, rendering him unable to use magic. Cob turns into a grotesque old man, due to the loss of his magic. Cob, after reattaching his severed hand, captures Therru and flees to the highest tower on the castle, with Arren in hot pursuit. Cornered, Cob strangles Therru to death. However, she does not die as she has eternal life, and instead becomes a dragon, thus killing Cob and rescuing Arren from the collapsing tower that Cob destroyed to prevent Arren from advancing. Therru and Arren land at a field where Therru reforms as a human. Arren tells Therru he will leave for home to repent for his crime, but will come back to see her sometime.'] [' Unicron, a roaming artificial planet, devours robot planet Lithone, and only two inhabitants flee. The evil Decepticons control the Transformers\' homeworld, Cybertron. The heroic Autobots are using two of Cybertron\'s moons as staging areas, preparing to strike against the Decepticons. In need of energon cubes, an Autobot shuttle is readied for launch to Autobot City on Earth. A transmission is intercepted by the Decepticons, who ambush the shuttle and kill its crew, intending to use the ship to infiltrate Autobot City. On Earth, Daniel Witwicky and Hot Rod fish in a lake near Autobot City, discussing Daniel\'s loneliness, as his father Spike is on one of the moon bases. They pick up the shuttle\'s signature, and race up to Lookout Mountain to see it land. They spot the Decepticons and launch a preemptive strike. After a brief battle, the Decepticons attack Autobot City. The Autobots, including Ultra Magnus, Blurr, Springer, Perceptor, and Arcee, transform Autobot City into a fortress. As a siege ensues, Ultra Magnus orders Blaster to radio for assistance from the leader of the Autobots, Optimus Prime. The next morning, Optimus and the Dinobots arrive and successfully repel the Decepticons\' attack. Optimus confronts the Decepticon leader, Megatron. Though Megatron is defeated, Optimus is mortally wounded due to Hot Rod\'s unintentional interference. Starscream takes command of the Decepticons and retreats with their fallen leader and other wounded aboard Astrotrain. Perceptor informs the other Autobots that Optimus\'s wounds are fatal. Before his death, Optimus calls on Ultra Magnus to assume command of the Autobots and tries to give him the Autobot Matrix of Leadership, asserting that the Matrix will one day light the Autobots\' darkest hour. The Matrix falls out of Optimus\'s hand, but is caught by Hot Rod, who passes it to Ultra Magnus. Astrotrain\'s shortage of fuel prompts the Decepticons to eject several of their injured—including Megatron. The remaining Decepticons argue over who should lead them. The Decepticon castoffs encounter Unicron, who offers to give Megatron and the others new bodies on the condition that they destroy the Autobot Matrix, which Unicron says is the only thing that can defeat him. Megatron reluctantly agrees and Unicron converts him into a new form: the Decepticon warrior "Galvatron". His underlings are reformatted into Cyclonus, Scourge, and the Sweeps. Unicron provides them with a craft in which they travel to Cybertron, where Galvatron obliterates Starscream and re-takes command of the Decepticons. On Earth, the Autobots are alerted as Unicron consumes Cybertron\'s moons, along with Autobots Jazz, Bumblebee, Cliffjumper, and Spike. Galvatron leads the Decepticons in another assault on Autobot City. The Autobots board a pair of shuttles and flee toward Cybertron. Hot Rod, Kup and the Dinobots are shot down over the planet Quintessa, while Ultra Magnus and company evade their pursuers and set down on the planet Junk for repairs. Captured by Quintessa guardsmen, Hot Rod and Kup witness the sentencing and execution of Arbulus, a native of Lithone. While imprisoned they meet Kranix, now Lithone\'s last survivor, who tells them about Unicron before he is fed to the Sharkticons. Hot Rod and Kup are subjected to a mock trial by Quintesson executioners, who sentence them to execution. Battling the Sharkticons, they are rescued by the arrival of the Dinobots. Grimlock persuades the Sharkticons to rebel against the Quintessons while the Autobots escape. With help from the Dinobots\' new ally, Wheelie, the group locates a ship and departs to join the other Autobots. Galvatron hunts down the Autobots on Junk. Ultra Magnus fails to awaken the Matrix\'s powers, and is dismembered by the Sweeps. Galvatron, no longer willing to serve Unicron, steals the Matrix, intending to make Unicron his slave. The remaining Autobots are harassed by hostile Junkion natives, led by Wreck-Gar, until Hot Rod\'s party arrives and befriends them. The Junkions repair Ultra Magnus and provide a vessel to help the Autobots fight against Unicron. Galvatron attempts to subjugate Unicron using the Matrix but is unable to unleash its power. Unicron transforms into a planet-sized robot and attacks Cybertron. Galvatron opens fire on Unicron, but Unicron swallows him. Decepticons attempt to counter Unicron\'s attack, to no avail. When the Autobots arrive Hot Rod crashes their ship through one of Unicron\'s eyes and they find themselves separated within his body. Wreck-Gar and the Junkions fight back against Unicron, but Unicron crushes their ship. Inside Unicron, Hot Rod confronts Galvatron while Daniel and the other Autobots rescue Spike and the survivors of Unicron\'s assault on Cybertron\'s moons. The Autobots and Decepticons work together to fight Unicron. Galvatron tries to assist Hot Rod, knowing that Unicron is a greater threat, only for Unicron to force Galvatron to attack. Hot Rod recovers the Matrix and unleashes its power, transforming him into Rodimus Prime. Rodimus throws Galvatron into space, then unleashes the Matrix\'s true power, obliterating Unicron. Rodimus leads the Autobots out of Unicron\'s body before it explodes. The Autobots reclaim Cybertron. Unicron\'s head orbits Cybertron as a new satellite.'] ["Set during the opening days of World War II on the Eastern Front . Its main cast are a group of Soviet teenagers with extraordinary abilities; the teenagers have been drafted to form a special unit to fight the invading German army. They are opposed by a Schutzstaffel  officer who is attempting to raise from the dead a supernatural army of crusaders from the 12th-century Order of the Sacred Cross  and enlist them in the Nazi cause. Most of the teenage crew die, except for the protagonist Nadia. She is taken to a secret Soviet lab that studies supernatural phenomena, especially contacts with the dead. Nadia's task is to dive into the world of the dead for reconnaissance. There, in the Gloomy Valley, she meets her dead friends and tries to persuade them to continue fighting."] ['In the very near future, a race of huge, insectoid aliens is discovered traveling the galaxy. These aliens, which are known as the Uchuu Kaijuu, or Space Monsters , seem dedicated to the eradication of the human species as the latter takes its first steps away from the solar system, and they are getting closer and closer to Earth. Humanity has responded by developing space-going battleships and giant fighting robots. These complex robots—RX-7 Machine Weapons—are actually an advanced type of fighting suit, piloted by a single occupant. As advanced as they are, however, they are being used as trainers for a new weapon, the Gunbuster. However, being relatively new technology, they are difficult to operate , so pilot candidates are selected from the best and brightest youth on Earth and the Lunar colony. These are trained at schools around the world. The story begins in the year 2023, not long after the first battles with the aliens, and centers on young Noriko Takaya  . Although Noriko\'s father was a famous admiral in the space fleet who went missing following one of the first battles of the war, her own talents as a pilot are questionable—especially when compared to the other students. Nonetheless, she has entered a training school on Okinawa, where she is largely influenced by her instructor, Kouichirou Ohta , who was one of Admiral Takaya\'s crew. He has faith that she will overcome her early clumsiness, while other students are critical of her inability. Noriko idolizes the beautiful, competent and talented Kazumi Amano  . She is not alone, the other students recognize that Amano is the top RX-7 pilot at the school, and likely the entire world. Coach Ohta shows the extra training which Amano creates for herself, inspiring Noriko to look within herself for strengths which she did not know that she had. Only two Gunbuster pilots from each school will be selected for the real mission. Amano, of course, will be going, and all of the others want the second slot on the team. Takaya is determined to win, not only to be with Amano but also to find  her father. She is thrilled to discover that she has in fact been chosen as the second Japanese pilot. Following that selection, conflict between Takaya and other students comes to a head, when the second-best RX-7 pilot at the school publicly challenges her to a one-on-one fight. Planned for late at night, when none of the school authorities will be around to stop it, Ohta learns of the duel and comes to the battleground—but does nothing. He is there to observe, and perhaps to save Takaya\'s life, if the combat gets too intensive. Takaya is on the defensive from the start, and the older student humiliates her by action and over the radio. As Takaya\'s RX-7 is pummeled, Noriko realizes that her difficulties are a case of sensory overload—she is getting too much information from the electronic monitoring systems. She turns off her monitors, but as the systems go dark, her opponent is infuriated by the perceived insult and prepares the final, killing blow. Just as it appears that Noriko is doomed, she destroys her opponent\'s RX-7 with a "Thunder Kick." Her opponent muses that the school rookie has beat her with an advanced maneuver which she hadn\'t been taught. This is the proof that Ohta was seeking, that Noriko had an innate ability which would be invaluable in the battles to come. Together, with Coach Ohta and Amano, Takaya is sent into space to train with other representatives from all over the solar system in preparation for the attack upon the space monsters. There they are introduced to a soviet pilot from the moon base by the name of Jung Freud. On their first training mission, Takaya and Amano are stopped by Jung, and challenged to a duel. Amano and Jung become completely involved in the fight, as Noriko trails along, and all three get lost within the machinery of the space station. The fight stops midway, when all three come in contact with the first space monster that was defeated and captured. Once they return they are scolded by their coach, but because of their importance to the missions success as well as building feelings between the coach and them, they are let go with a simple warning. Jung later apologizes for her challenge, and thus begins a friendship with the two. As they move farther into space, the young pilots are placed in their quarters for subspace traveling. On a dare Takaya is sent into the hangars and meets a male space pilot named Toren Smith. Amano comes into doubt of Takaya\'s abilities and asks the Coach to end their partnership. Takaya overhears the conversation and ends up partnering with Smith instead. The first true battle between the aliens begin, and the humans realize how vastly outmaneuvered and outnumbered they are. They are able to retreat with limited casualties, but Takaya has lost Smith, and gained an uncontrollable fear towards deep space combat. As their second battle approaches, Takaya is determined to improve and asks the Coach for private lessons. Jung finds out and thinking that she doing so to control Gunbuster, challenges her in space. But even before they are able to fight, Takaya breaks down within her suit and is taken to the infirmary. Seeing as how they are outmatched the captain decides to immediately travel back to Earth in secrecy as to keep the location of Earth secret. The plan is unsuccessful, and the fleet is attacked in sub-space, leading to the destruction of the majority of the fleet. Once they reach Earth\'s orbit, only the Exelion and a couple minor cruisers are still alive. The second battle starts and things look grim for everyone. Finally Takaya realizes what she must do, and helps her friends and crew members. She takes control of the incomplete Gunbuster and manages to force the enemy to retreat. Takaya and friends then must face the trauma of war and the discovery of loss. Once this battle is over, the story goes back to Earth, and Takaya, Amano and Jung realize how much things have changed. Her old nemesis who had previously challenged her at school is now the coach for new pilots. Her best friend is now a mother with a 3 year old daughter, and Earth has been working on a 70&nbsp;km long space ship as a safety in case Earth is ever attacked. While in a peaceful lull Takaya and friends try to re-adjust to living in a world that has already passed them by. Takaya tries to reconnect with her friend, while Amano tries to share her feelings with the Coach. The peace is broken, however, when Earth is notified that a fleet of space monsters, much bigger than anything comparable is headed towards Earth. After many arguments, the idea of sending the old Exelion as an unmanned black hole bomb, is proposed. The Gunbuster is nominated to escort the bomb there, and then to come home. Takaya and Amano, in separate ships which conjoin into Gunbuster, are sent out, a trip that will last an hour or more to them, but half a year to everyone back on Earth. As they almost reach their goal, Amano breaks down, admitting that she does not want go forward, since each second forward means the longer she is away from their Coach, who is now dying from space radiation. Takaya is able to convince her to continue, and their mission is a success. When they come back, it turns out that the Coach is still alive and Amano and he get married. The final episode starts 15 years later, when the Coach is dead. The aliens are coming back, and in retaliation Earth has been working on a small planet sized black hole bomb, which has been created using the mass of Jupiter pressured into the size of the moon, Buster Machine III. This when it is detonated, along with 3,000 \'slave mines\' placed around the center of the galaxy, will cause a black hole to be formed that will suck the space monsters in. Amano is sent back up to a new Eltrion to fight in a new mobile suit called Sizzlers: buster sized machines, piloted individually. While she has been busy in marriage, Jung had taken over as Takaya\'s partner up in space. Amano and Takaya meet once more, and Amano expresses her love for Takaya which has grown while the two have been apart. Takaya, at first, is withdrawn seeing the changes and maturity in Amano in just 6 months her time. When the final battle begins, Amano is ordered to man Gunbuster with Takaya, and both fight alongside others to defend the bomb. The alien army is fended off, allowing the black hole bomb to be set. When the time comes to activate, however, they find out the enemies\' attacks have damaged 2% of the \'slave generators\' required for implosion. Amano and Takaya decide to dive down into the core of Buster Machine III and activate it by using one of Gunbusters two Degeneracy reactors, even though doing so means they will likely be unable to leave without suffering severe relativistic time dilation during their escape. After the bomb is set off, Noriko and Kazumi spend 12,000 Earth years objective traveling home, although for them only hours or days have passed. Upon arriving in Earth orbit, the pilots cannot make contact with anyone nor see any sign of habitation on the planet, suggesting that human civilization is long gone. However, their despair is instantly dispelled when a massive light pattern suddenly appears on the planet saying "WELCOME HOME!"  Delighted that their home civilization is alive and well after so long, the pilots abandon their mecha to land on the planet.'] ['Nyāko, the older sister of Nyatta, lies very ill in her room. By accident, Nyatta drowns in the bathtub and while being clinically dead he sees his sister leaving the house holding hands with the Japanese version of Ksitigarbha,  and follows them. Nyatta tries to claim his sister\'s soul back by pulling her arm. Jizou doesn\'t let go and Nyāko\'s soul gets split in two. Her brother runs away with one half. Jizou sends a clue about a flower they must search for in order to retrieve the missing part, then walks away with the other half. Meanwhile, Nyatta\'s father finds his son in the bathtub and revives him. Then, all the family members gather in Nyāko\'s room to find out that she is dead. Nyatta gets closer with the half-soul in his arms and puts it back in his sister\'s body through her nose. Nyāko wakes up braindead. After that Nyatta and Nyāko begin their journey . During their outing they visit the \'Big Whale Circus\', the final act of which is a giant penguin-looking bird "filled" with various weather, causes a flood of water which covers everything. The two of them end up on an Ark-esque boat with a pig, which they eventually begin to eat . God drains the world of the oceans , leaving the cats and pig stranded in a desert. The pig bites off Nyatta\'s arm, which is repaired by a desert-dweller who makes dolls from the pieces of other cats. Traveling across the desert, they are brought to a house by the smell of food, and are invited inside by a man. They are fed, and when full the man attempts to turn them into soup, attacking them with a pair of scissors. He ends up falling into the cauldron, Nyatta cuts him into pieces with the scissors and the cats escape. Wandering further across the desert dehydrated, Nyatta digs and finds an elephant made of water, which cools them off and travels with them, though the elephant eventually evaporates from the heat. God accidentally stops the flow of time and disrupts space, and the cats play with the time-frozen scenes. Father Time turns time back on, shooting it forward and reversing it, showing various scenes of random events either rapidly going forth in time or back. Eventually the cats find themselves back on their boat in the ocean. They drift into a marsh of metallic plants and creatures, coming across the flower they were seeking. Nyatta places the flower on Nyākos face, which restores her to normal. Together, they go back home. In the end, the entire family of cats are gathered in their house leisurely watching TV. Nyatta leaves them to visit the toilet, and while he is gone, the other family members disappear one by one in thin air. The show on the TV also disappears, leaving only a flashing screen behind. Nyatta returns, noticing that everyone is gone, and outside the nearby lamppost also turns off leaving the house in darkness. Finally the movie also "turns off", leaving behind a flashing screen of static before the credits roll.'] ['A terrible war has ravaged the land, and now, fueled by the blood of numerous fallen warriors the Yōma, demons from hell, emerge once more. A skilled ninja seeks to end the bloodshed these demons inflict upon humanity, but to do this he must fight against his undead former best friend and fellow ninja who was killed in battle and has been resurrected to serve the Yōma.  The first part begins after what appears to be a fierce battle, with several ninja from the Takeda clan retrieving weapons from their fallen comrades and enemies. Two of these ninjas, Hikage and Marou, are observing the process until Marou begins acting strangely. He almost attacks Hikage before returning to normal, seemingly shocked and frightened by what he has just done. The pair make their way back to the Takeda camp. That night, the clan leader, Shingen Takeda, is attacked and killed by a yōma. Shortly thereafter, Hikage learns from a Chunin that Marou has deserted the Takeda and is at risk of exposing Shingen\'s death to other countries. He is ordered to track down Marou and eliminate him before word can get out, the Chunin warning him to show no mercy towards his former friend. On his journey, Hikage is attacked by a pair of Iga ninja but quickly defeats them. Later while by a waterfall, Hikage reminisces about his childhood with Marou. He is brought out of his thoughts by an old man who is "waiting to read his last rights". At the old shrine that the priest takes him to, he explains on how people who have lost the will to live go to commit suicide by drowning themselves in the river and how he is there to appease their souls. Knowing nothing of Marou\'s whereabouts, the priest advises that Hikage go to the village near the temple, as the sun will be setting soon. He takes the advice and heads to the village, encountering a young woman with a large scar on her cheek along the way. The woman, who reveals her name to be Aya, takes Hikage to the village and introduces him to several of the villagers, most prominently Taichi; a cheerful man who enjoys drinking and partying, and Ito; a woman with a suspicious air about her. During one of the villagers\' parties, Hikage spots Marou for a brief instant, but is unable to find him in the following days. He hears from Aya about how none of the people who live in the village, including herself, know where they came from or what they were doing before their arrival and how Hikage will soon be the same. Nevertheless, Hikage continues to look for Marou, all the while being stalked by what he believes to be hunter ninjas. On one of the nights, he meets with the hunters to elaborate on why he is staying in the village. They allow him to continue investigating the village, but remind him that he must show no mercy towards Marou. Another day passes and Hikage sees Aya suffering from a nightmare. He hugs her in order to comfort her, but immediately hears screaming coming from the forest. He rushes to find Taichi and one of the hunters dead, their chests having been ripped open and most of their entrails devoured. A spider yōma attacks, but Hikage uses shuriken to drive it away, whilst seeing a brief vision of Marou. Before dying, the other hunter reveals that Marou is a "child born of the ground" and how everyone in their village knew about it, but never discussed it. Left with this mystery, Hikage confronts Aya with Taichi\'s death, only for her to deny it. She explains to him that it is not unusual for a current resident of the village to vanish when a new person arrives. When she goes to her house to store some water, she hears Ito\'s voice asking her to do her a favor. Hikage goes down to the riverbank to find that the bodies of Taichi and the hunters, along with the bloodstains and weapons, have disappeared without explanation. At night, Hikage hears Aya singing unusually late and goes to investigate. He finds Aya being held in a different spider yōma\'s mandibles and attacks it. It drops Aya, but soon runs away with Hikage in pursuit. He arrives at the temple and finds the priest from before. He tells him that he is the spider yōma from the other night and how he is erasing the villager\'s memories in order to ripen them for Kikuga no Miko\'s, the demon lord of the land, revival. The two have a short battle during which Hikage kills him after being taunted into doing so. As Hikage walks up the temple\'s stairs, Aya wakes up and remembers how she got her scar, the priest\'s spell having worn off when he died. She throws herself into the river to drown. Hikage finds a seemingly uncontious Ito and rushes to her aide. This proves to be a mistake as Ito reveals herself to be a yōma as well. Restraining Hikage with wavy demonic hair, Ito elaborates on how Kikuga no Miko\'s resurrection is close at hand. Hikage uses some gunpowder bombs to get her to let go, briefly knocking her out. She soon regains consciousness and turns into the spider that kidnapped Aya. Hikage is able to take her down permanently and enters the shrine, demanding that Kikuga show himself. He destroys the buddha statue to reveal an egg that he quickly cuts open. The egg opens to reveal Marou feasting on Taichi\'s severed head. He growls as Hikage approaches, causing the entire building to crash down. Outside, a fully dressed Marou walks away, giving the broken building a final glance before departing. The next morning it is pouring rain. Reflecting on the night\'s events, Hikage suddenly remembers Aya and finds her body in the river. He crys silently upon realizing that she has died. Later when the storm lets up, Hikage returns to the village to find it wrecked and all of the inhabitants dead. An acquaintance of his, Kazami, arrives and tells Hikage that the Oda and Uesugi clans have found out about Shingen\'s death and that he does not need to pursue Marou anymore. Despite this, due to feeling guilt over not being able to save Aya and still seeking answers to why Marou betrayed their clan and became a yōma, Hikage leaves to continue his quest in search for his old friend.  Two years have passed since Hikage traveled to the west in pursuit of Marou, yet he has not had any leads on his whereabouts. While on a beach, a kunoichi spots him and identifies him as a ninja. A group of ninja from the Kōga clan, lead by Shiranui, attacks the girl, demanding to know why she killed their leader. She denies having anything to do with it, and soon Hikage ends up fighting them as well. They kill two of the Kōga and injure one of Shiranui\'s eyes. Shiranui stumbles into the ocean and is trampled to death by Majumi no Miko, the demon lord of the sea. Hikage asks for Marou\'s whereabouts, only for Majumi to tell him that he should realize who his childhood friend really is by now. Angered, Hikage attacks Majumi and barely manages to kill him while in the water. Meanwhile, Marou converses with Shiratsuyu, a snake yōma, on what to do about the war between the Oda and Takeda clans. Marou orders Shiratsuyu to kill Hikage while he turns Mikawa into a "living hell". The kunoichi travels with Hikage to a nearby village that has seemingly been untouched by the war. Revealing her name to be Aya, sharing the same name as the woman who Hikage failed to protect two years ago, she goes to one of the villager\'s huts to ask if they can spend the night there. She screams in horror when she sees that the baby has no head and soon the entire village reveals itself to be dead, yet still walking. Hikage says that it is a procession of the dead before the undead all vanish. The village is shown to be in ruins and the two spend the night in a wrecked hut. The next day, Hikage leaves Aya behind and continues his search. He runs into and battles Shiratsuyu, along with Mai, a female butterfly yōma, and a tree yōma, Yoki. Meanwhile, Aya, upset that Hikage left her behind, encounters Kotone, the spirit of a woman who says that she was killed by her lover. They talk briefly before Yoki grabs and holds them hostage in front of Hikage. With some difficulty, Hikage slays Mai and Yoki and Shiratsuyu is possessed by Kotone and vanishes. After traveling for a while, Hikage brings up how suspicious it is that no yōma have attacked them since the fight with Shiratsuyu. While they discuss the war, Kazami appears before Hikage and attacks him, saying that he was ordered by Katsuyori Takeda, the Takeda clan\'s new head, to borrow the power of the yōma and the only way that Kikuga will help them is if they kill Hikage. Kazami strikes at him, but hesitates and is mortally wounded by Hikage as a result. He uses his last words to tell Hikage that he does not wish to kill him and that Katsuyori is insane for asking the yōma for power. As it turns out, Marou only told the Takeda that he would help them in order to create more hatred and grudges when the final battle at Mount Nigashino. During which the entire Takeda clan was decimated by the Oda, leaving Hikage no home to return to.'] ["The storyline follows a young boy named Hiroshi Umino who sneaks aboard a freighter in order to leave Earth. As the freighter is flying through space they are attacked by an Afressian ship. However, the train is saved by a mysterious and incredibly powerful spaceship and is able to make it to their destination, a desert planet with a Western atmosphere, complete with saloons and bar fights. The boy meets up with another stowaway, an old man, and becomes friends with him. He tells the old man that he came to the planet in order to become a stronger individual. He gets himself a job in a bar with the roughest reputation on the planet to prove himself. When the attacking ship, led by Captain Eldomain, lands on the planet to search for whoever attacked him, Emeraldas appears to save the people of the town. In the second episode, after a confrontation with Eldomain and later with Baraluda, the queen of Arfess, Emeraldas presents Hiroshi with the Cosmo Dragoon once owned by Tochiro. Another divergence from the manga takes place here when Emeraldas states that there are five Cosmo Dragoons in existence , whereas in the manga there are only four. Later, Hiroshi Umino and his elderly friend visit a planet whose inhabitants have been forced out by a murderous cyborg. This cyborg killed one of the planet's inhabitants and drove his son mad. Umino meets the son and his sister and with their help and Emeraldas', he kills the oppressive cyborg. While the story can stand on its own, independent of Matsumoto's other works, it mostly assumes that the viewer has seen the other Harlock titles, especially Galaxy Express 999 , which featured Maetel, Emeraldas' sister, but had the occasional appearance of Emeraldas . The story of Queen Emeraldas is set five years after the events of the final Galaxy Express 999 movie and was designed to give Matsumoto's fans a further glimpse into what became of Emeraldas. However, of the other characters, most are only mentioned in passing, except for Captain Harlock who has a brief cameo appearance. Queen Emeraldas first two episodes were produced by Studio OLM and licensed for American distribution by ADV Films, being one of their earlier releases on the DVD format. Those two episodes also have regular runs on the Action Channel. In Japan, the remaining two episodes were produced by Multi Access Company and were released the following year after the initial two, indicating that a separate contract  would be required for anyone to license the concluding episodes of the story outside of Japan."] [' One thousand years has passed since the Seven Days of Fire, an apocalyptic war that destroyed human civilization and gave birth to the vast Toxic Jungle,Ohmu: {{IPAc-en}} She often travels on a compact jet-powered glider in order to find out about the origins of the Toxic Jungle, understand its nature, and even find a cure for both humans and the world. One night, a large fixed-wing cargo aircraft from the kingdom of Tolmekia crashes in the Valley. Nausicaä tries to rescue an onboard passenger, the wounded Princess Lastelle of Pejite, who pleads with Nausicaä to destroy the cargo before dying. The cargo is an embryo of a Giant Warrior, lethal genetically engineered bioweapons that caused the Seven Days of Fire. Initially discovered by Pejite, the invading Tolmekians seized the embryo and Lastelle. The Tolmekian plane, however, was attacked by mutant insects before it crashed. The next morning, Tolmekian troops, led by Princess Kushana and Officer Kurotowa, subjugate the Valley and secure the Giant Warrior embryo, killing Nausicaä\'s sick father in the process. Kushana plans to mature the Giant Warrior and then use it to burn the Toxic Jungle, even though history warns of fatal consequences. Kushana announces her decision to leave for Pejite along with five hostages from the Valley and Nausicaä. Before leaving, Nausicaä\'s master discovers her secret garden of jungle plants. According to Nausicaä, plants that grow in clean soil and water are not toxic. The jungle\'s soil, however, has long been tainted by man. Kushana and her detachment never reach their destination, as an agile Pejite interceptor decimates the entire Tolmekian wing before being shot down. Nausicaä, her fellow hostages and Kushana crash-land in the jungle, disturbing several Ohmus, which Nausicaä soothes. She then leaves to rescue Asbel, the Pejite pilot and the twin brother of Lastelle, but both are swallowed by quicksand and end up in a non-toxic world below the jungle. Nausicaä realizes that the jungle plants purify the polluted topsoil, producing clean water that remains hidden underground. Nausicaä and Asbel return to Pejite, only to find it ravaged by the insects. Pejite survivors, boarding a single plane, reveal that they lured the creatures to eradicate the Tolmekians and would do the same in the Valley to recapture the Giant Warrior. To prevent any intervention, they take Nausicaä captive, knocking Asbel out in process. Later, with the help of Asbel and his mother, Nausicaä flees on a glider. While flying home, Nausicaä finds a team of Pejites using a wounded baby Ohmu to lead scores of enraged Ohmus into the Valley. Tolmekians deploy tanks and later the Giant Warrior against the herd to no avail: tanks prove too weak and the Giant Warrior, hatched ahead of time, soon disintegrates. Nausicaä liberates the baby Ohmu and gains its trust; in the process, her pink dress becomes stained by the Ohmu\'s blue blood, turning completely blue. Both land in front of the herd, but are run over. The herd, however, calms down, and the Ohmus use their golden tentacles to heal Nausicaä\'s wounded body. Nausicaä awakens and starts to dance on top of the hundreds of glowing golden tentacles. Thus Nausicaä, "clad in blue, surrounded by the fields of gold" fulfills the prophecy. The Ohmus and Tolmekians leave the Valley afterward, while the surviving Pejites remain with the Valley people, helping them rebuild. Meanwhile underground, a tree is beginning to grow meaning the planet is beginning to heal.'] ["The story is about Hiromi Oka, a high school girl who struggles to become good at tennis. Hiromi starts playing tennis in her high school, Nishiko, because she is fascinated by an older girl, Reika Ryūzaki, who is the best player in the team and is nicknamed {{nihongo}} because of her grace on the tennis court. The team gets a new coach, Jin Munakata, who sees potential in her and trains her to become a great tennis player. Hiromi struggles to overcome her mental weakness. Nishiko is modeled after Urawanishi High School, from which the author graduated. Later on, she falls in love with another tennis player, Takayuki Tōdō, but Coach Munakata tells her not to get too involved, and that it is better to forget him in order to become a better player. Hiromi suffers over this, and many times she loses her confidence in her playing abilities, but with the support of her coach and her many friends she overcomes her anxiety. By training herself to become a better player, Hiromi grows into a mentally stronger person. Hiromi's enthusiasm and love for tennis, and the support from people around her, helps her to become one of the best players in the world."] [" :See Neon Genesis Evangelion The first part, Death, is a 70-minute long edit of the first 24 episodes of Neon Genesis Evangelion, with additional footage not seen in the original broadcast .  :See The End of Evangelion: Episode 25' The second part, Rebirth, consists of 27 minutes of entirely new animation that would eventually form the first third of the film The End of Evangelion released four months later. Because of time constraints, Rebirth only covers the initial preparations of the Human Instrumentality Project and the invasion of the Geofront by SEELE, ending with the arrival of the Mass Production Evas ."] ["Fuyuki is seen walking around a empty black space. But what he does see is a burning ship crashing from the sky and when he turns around the Keroro platoon  is frozen in stone. When Keroro is located he is blown up and Fuyuki wakes up to find Alisa Southerncross who gives him a statue that looks like a Keronian. She leaves before the house starts to shake and is flooded with water from one of Kululu's failed experiments. The after affect is the platoon cleaning up all the water damage. Fuyuki shows Keroro the statue and the island where it was originated from and convinces Keroro to go with him while Keroro makes plans of building a second base there. They fly to the island at night while back at the Hinata house Kululu who is sharing a tent with Giroro is informing him on Aku Aku the being on Easter Island, the island their friends are heading to. While flying a beam of energy hits the space bike that Fuyuki and Keroro are riding and it sends them in separate directions. Fuyuki wakes up and meets Lo and Rana who are trying to cook the sgt. They both have a joyful reunion and learn about Kanini. Giroro and Kululu find out about Fuyuki and Keroro sneaking out to the island and decide to get Dororo and Tamama because Aku Aku has been making trouble and they might be endanger."] ['The film opens in Tokyo with an evening scene of anti-government protests, interspersed with an adolescent girl walking alone. This girl, Nanami Agawa, is revealed as a terrorist courier – nicknamed Little Red Riding Hood by the military police – a member of a guerrilla group known as the "Sect". Her role is to deliver satchel charges. She delivers the charge she carries to another Sect member hidden among regular protesters. The protest slowly turns into a riot, and the guerrilla flings the satchel bomb into the police lines, with the result that the police anti-riot squad charges to break up the riot. Behind the military line stands a backup force. Instead of regular water cannon trucks, rubber-bullet guns and riot sticks, the military police is equipped with armored vehicles and sub-machine guns. From his command post carrier, vice-chief Hajime Handa sums up the situation to an adjutant: this joint operation is under jurisdiction of the civilian police, and the military police is not supposed to join until assistance is requested. The courier goes to pick up another satchel, moving through the sewer system. On the way, Agawa sees heavily armed men of the Special Unit – Panzer Cops – patrolling to find terrorists, and runs away. The Sect guerrillas moving equipment towards their next point are caught at a ladder up to the surface and are slaughtered by the Panzer Cops when one of them panics and fires at the Panzer Cops. Agawa runs on through the sewers, until she is confronted by Corporal Kazuki Fuse. Kazuki is reluctant to open fire on an apparently unarmed child, causing Agawa to trigger her satchel charge. Kazuki survives the explosion. Meanwhile, above ground, the Self-Police  lose control of the riot after the lights go out – the power supply was cut by the explosion. With the military police organization "Metropolitan Security Police" – aka "CAPO" for Capital Police in the English adaptation – embarrassed by the Kerberos unit\'s failure, an inquiry is held by the National Public Safety Commission to determine why Kazuki did not fire. As a result, he is made the scapegoat and is sent back to the Kerberos academy for punitive retraining. As he goes to visit the ashes of the girl in the little red hood, he meets a teenage girl, Kei Amemiya, who claims to be the elder sister of the victim. They develop a casual relationship and spend time with each other, talking about leaving the city and starting a new life. Along the way, Kazuki has nightmares about the incident in the sewers where he did not shoot – seeing the little girl morph into Kei and being caught and devoured by a pack of wolves . Kei is eventually revealed to not be the suicide bomber\'s sister but instead a former bomb courier and a honey trap acting on behalf of the Special Unit\'s rival division Public Security – administered by Bunmei Muroto –, although a rather unwilling one. A trap is set up where Kei calls Kazuki one night to say that strange men are following her. It is in fact a Capitol Police joint operation with the Public Security Division intended to discredit the Special Unit, showing a terrorist passing a satchel bomb to a Panzer Cop. Kazuki sneaks in, seizes Kei – neutralizing Capitol Police agents – and gets out of the place with the Public Security Division agents in hot pursuit. Eventually they throw off their pursuers and take refuge in a closed rooftop amusement park. There we are led to believe that the relationship between Kei and Kazuki is more than just friendship after all, although it should be pointed that the love story revealing Kazuki\'s human side wasn\'t part of the original storyboard. They make their way to the sewers once more, where they are met by members of the Wolf Brigade – a secret, deep-cover unit in the Kerberos Corps led by former counter-intelligence officer Hajime Handa. They greet Kazuki and give him a full set of Protect-Gear, the Panzer Cop armor and weaponry, before leaving with Kei in tow. Team leader Hachiro Tobe, Kerberos academy instructor takes an electronic tracking device from Kei\'s satchel and hands it to Kazuki, while he explains to Kei that the whole affair has been a plot within a plot, as the Wolf Brigade has used Public Security Division\'s plan to flush out those who were most active in trying to eliminate the Kerberos Corps, and eliminate them in turn. After following the tracking device, Atsushi Henmi – Muroto\'s subordinate and Kazuki\'s academy mate makes his way to the sewers with a platoon of Public Security agents. They attempt to find Kazuki, without realizing that they are heading into a trap. Kazuki, with his Protect-Gear, MG42 machine gun, and Kerberos Corps training, slaughters the agents, saving Henmi for last. Eventually, the Wolf Brigade and Kei end up at a junkyard, where the brigade leaves them both. Torn between his love for Kei and his loyalty to his pack, Kazuki has to choose between the two. Understanding that Kei can no longer live, and that the police plot would be revealed if she escapes, Kazuki eventually decides to kill her. Off in the distance another member of the Wolf Brigade is seen manually un-cocking his weapon as he was aiming at the pair. The leader watching quotes the final passage of Jean Baptiste Victor Smith\'s Little Red Riding Hood version , "...and then the Wolf ate up Little Red Riding Hood."'] ["The film is a cartoon cat version of Thomas Pynchon's novel The Crying of Lot 49 ,.http://uk.imdb.com/title/tt0374262/usercomments It begins in Meguro City, Tokyo, Cat Earth, a world of corporations and commercialism, where a giant mechanical Colonel Sanders wanders the streets with an axe embedded in its head, loudly advertising the restaurant. Tamala, bored with the city, leaves her human mother and boards a spaceship bound for her birthplace, Orion. Her ship is shot down by the Mysterious Postcat, and she lands in Hate City on the Planet Q. There she meets a male cat, Michelangelo, who becomes her boyfriend. While visiting a museum, Tamala discovers a mural detailing the sacrificial rituals of the ancient Minerva religion and the ruins of a statue of a female cat named Tatla. Later, the couple is pursued by Kentauros, a sadistic dog dressed as a motorcycle cop. He eats Tamala while Michelangelo watches from a tree. The film then changes tone, focusing for a while on a presentation given by Professor Nominos on the history of CATTY & Co. He reveals that the company is an offshoot of the Minerva religion, and that Tamala was born in 1869 to be their mascot. The presentation is interrupted by an attack and the room is burned. He appears to die in the fire but returns, in an undead form, and approaches Michelangelo, telling him of Tamala's history. Tamala, meanwhile, meets with Tatla, and realizes that they are the reincarnation of Minerva. She returns to Hate City , and continues her voyage to Orion, accompanied by the mouse Penelope, a former sex slave for Kentauros."] [" As the opening credits roll, in a fight between Japanese martial artist, Ryu, and Muay Thai champion Sagat. Ryu scars Sagat with the Shoryuken and ends the fight with a Hadouken. Years later, following the assassination of Albert Sellers, the Minister of Justice in London by Cammy White, a brainwashed MI6 agent under orders from the crime syndicate Shadaloo, Interpol agent Chun-Li requests that they join forces with the U.S. military to conduct a investigation against Shadaloo. However, Captain Guile, who is out for revenge against Shadaloo's leader M. Bison, refuses the alliance, preferring to hunt Bison down alone. Elsewhere, at his base in Thailand, Bison orders a worldwide manhunt for Ryu, having witnessed his spectacular fighting potential during the battle with Sagat who he has now recruited into his criminal organization, along with the Spanish claw-wielding narcissist Vega and the American belligerent boxer Balrog. However, Ryu's ability to hide his power has stopped the monitor cyborgs from detecting him, even during his fights with Fei Long and some Shadowlaw thugs in India. In the United States, Ryu's former training partner and rival Ken Masters is facing problems of his own. Although he is in a relationship with Eliza, he still yearns for a worthy challenge, having fought no one as good as Ryu since they parted ways years before. During a tussle between Ken and Thunder Hawk, a monitor cyborg catches sight of Ken's abilities and notifies Bison, who learns of Ryu and Ken's common history and their near-equal fighting skills. Chun-Li tracks down Guile, showing him he can't do it on his own, and eventually persuades him to put his vendetta on hold and accept Interpol's help. In his first act, Guile warns the Jamaican fighter Dee Jay that Shadaloo is targeting him, and Chun-Li destroys a nearby monitor cyborg to prove it. Watching on a monitor from his VTOL jet, Bison dispatches Vega to kill her. After showering in her apartment, Chun-Li finds herself ambushed by the assassin and a brutal fight ensues. Guile hears the fight and races to the apartment. Though Chun-Li manages to defeat Vega before Guile arrives, she is severely wounded by his iron claw and falls into a coma shortly after Guile arrives on the scene. She is hospitalized and apparently fighting for her life. At the hospital, Guile learns from Interpol about Ken and his past with Ryu. They attempt to find him, but unfortunately, Bison arrives ahead of them and captures Ken, brainwashing him into becoming his newest soldier in Ryu's place. Shortly thereafter, Guile and Interpol manage to locate Ryu, training with E. Honda in the mountains of Thailand. Guile races to his location and warns him about Ken, but Bison suddenly arrives and unleashes Ken upon Ryu. Ken beats Ryu savagely, but Ryu, unwilling to harm his possessed friend, does not fight back. Bison confronts and defeats Guile, but as a final insult leaves him alive, while Balrog emerges from the VTOL and engages Honda who defeats him. Battered and bleeding, Ryu finally resolves to fight back against Ken, but memories of their past together wreak havoc on Ken's mind and he finally breaks free of Bison's influence. Enraged, Bison attacks Ken with his Psycho Power and tosses away his unconscious body. Infuriated, Ryu attempts to do battle with Bison, but has very limited success. As they fight, Ken awakens and uses his master's teachings to mend his broken body and rejoin the battle. Despite Bison's advantages with his Psycho Power, Ryu and Ken join forces and manage to pummel Bison, ending the battle with a combined Hadouken which hits Bison directly and sends him flying into the sky. However, the Hadouken immediately bounces back right into Bison's VTOL, destroying it, with Bison himself nowhere to be found. Interpol destroys Shadaloo's base in Thailand, thus putting an end to the crime syndicate. Guile is called urgently to the hospital. He finds that Chun-Li is awake and overjoyed at the news of Shadaloo's fall, while Guile is delighted that she has woken from her coma. Elsewhere, Ryu and Ken bid each other farewell and part ways once again. As Ryu begins his journey anew, he is ambushed from behind by a huge truck with Bison in the driver's seat, having somehow survived their previous battle. Ryu leaps towards the truck to fight Bison again."] ["Retro and Pandy, two unlikely renegades, awaken naked on Earth with no recollection of their past, but with superior physical abilities. After embarking on a brief but devastating crime spree for food, clothing and transportation in downtown Tokyo, they are captured by authorities and sent to the infamous prison called Dead Leaves, on the half-destroyed Moon. Once incarcerated, Retro and Pandy are subjected to the activities taking place inside the prison facility, such as forced labor, straitjackets and mandatory defecation. During one such time, he meets Chinko, an inmate with a drill for a penis. 666 and 777, the super-powered prison guards, demonstrate their power when 777 flicks an inmate in the face, killing him along with everybody else behind him. Back in their cell, Retro and Pandy orchestrate a mass prison break and discover the secret work being carried out at the facility. Over the course of the film, it is discovered that Pandy and Retro were spies working at the facility and the crazed warden is trying to get revenge on Pandy by re-creating a deranged fairy tale she remembers from her childhood. In the finale, Pandy has Retro's child, who comes out with twin machine guns and blows the warden away. A giant caterpillar  begins consuming the station until the mutant baby sacrifices himself so that his two parents can live. The film ends with Pandy and Retro crashing in the middle of Earth's dystopian metropolis in their escape pod, crushing a previously-victimized bystander."] ["Odin centers around the novice crew of the laser sailing space schooner Starlight as they embark on an historic interstellar test flight. They are intercepted by what seems to be a wrecked spaceship only to find that it contains a lone survivor; a young woman named Sara Cyanbaker. Unknown to the crew at this time, a mechanized space fleet approaches Earth and a scout vessel from that fleet was responsible for the destruction of Sara's ship. Sara begins to have strange dreams about a place called Odin and a series of artifacts discovered on a lonely asteroid point to an ancient Norwegian mariner's folk song which mentioned the Norse god Odin. The crew decipher these artifacts and deduce that Odin may actually exist as a place, the paradise planet so often spoken of in mythology. The young crew is eager to make the journey but the captain and the ship's senior officers observe the need to follow the orders of Earth Command and return to Earth immediately. The crew mutinies and locks the senior officers in the officer's lounge and warp the ship to the location given in the artifacts. Upon arrival, the Starlight meet a cosmic being who appears before them in space. He identifies himself as Asgard and declares that he will block the gateway to paradise against corrupt beings of flesh and all other non-believers. As a result, the Starlight faces an almost endless swarm of mechanized attack ships. The Starlight crew successfully fights its way through to land on what appears to be a mechanized world only to face hordes of mechanized soldiers. Surviving the onslaught, Sara and the crew is horrified to learn that these soldiers are actually part living beings. A dying soldier hands a crew member a crystal memory chip and asks him to insert it into a computer display readout. Through it, the crew learn of the soldier's memories of Odin and the entire story of the alien people's exodus."] ['At the beginning of the movie, Ran has a flashback of Shinichi taking Ran to the fountain at Tropical Land. The movie quickly transitions to Conan calling Ran in a phone booth. After Ran asks Conan if he could come back to Tropical Land , the Detective Boys cross his path, making a remark like, "It\'s not fun if he  isn\'t there", Conan quickly hangs up. It is shown that the Detective Boys came up with a new riddle that they are confident that Conan cannot solve. However, Conan quickly solves the riddle. When Genta tries to cross the light, a policeman stops him, saying blinking green is the same as a red light. Conan and the rest wait for the next green light, but right when they are about to finish crossing, a mysterious man with an umbrella shoots the policeman in the booth. The man runs, and Conan gives chase, but loses him. When Conan asks the victim if he knew who shot him, the man grabs for his notebook, and fades away. The Detective Boys are taken to a police conference because they were witnesses to tell them the details of the man. However, the conference goes nowhere as Ayumi, Mitsuhiko, and Genta disagree on how the culprit looked. Ayumi claims the culprit was a middle aged man, Mitsuhiko claims the culprit was a young man with a black umbrella, and Genta says the culprit was a beautiful woman with a green umbrella. Conan later says that the culprit\'s raincoat and umbrella were both a shade of gray, and remembers the umbrella was in his/her right hand, showing that the culprit was left-handed. Later, a woman finds a police officer, Youichiro Shiba murdered in a parking lot, who was holding his police notebook in his right hand. The police, because of the similar conditions, are treating this as a serial killing. When the following morning Kogoro Mouri tries to ask Megure for more details, Megure hangs up, saying that he is busy. Kogoro notes that Inspector Megure is acting strange. Megure is later shown talking to Shiratori, saying that the information between the two cases must remain between them. Shiratori\'s sister later has a party to bless her marriage. When Kogoro sees Megure again, he tries to get info, but the latter remains shut up. Conan realizes that Megure may know something that is kept confidential. Kogoro and Conan later try to blackmail Takagi using the info that Takagi likes Sato. Takagi tells Kogoro and Conan that the second victim held his notebook during his dying moments. However, Shiratori leads Takagi away, saying to Kogoro that this is as far along as he knows, and says, "Need not to know." Conan then deducts the culprit may have been part of the police. Sonoko and Ran are shown asking Eri how she proposed to Kogoro. Sato later goes to the bathroom, and Ran follows her. After that, an explosion occurs, knocking out the lights. The culprit appears and shields Ran from many bullets. The flashlight shows the culprit\'s face. Sato is shown unconscious, and Ran faints when she sees her blood-streaked hands, believing that Sato\'s injuries were the fault of her. When Kogoro asks Megure for Sato\'s condition, Megure says a bullet stopped close to her heart, leaving a 50/50 chance of her survival. Sonoko later rushes into the room, saying Ran has regained consciousness, but is acting weird. It is shown that Ran was struck with amnesia, and lost her memory of everybody she knew, including the memories of the current day. However, her brain was functioning normally. After this incident, Megure decides to leak the information about this case. Megure starts by telling Kogoro of a surgeon named Jinno that was murdered. The leader in the investigation squad was Tomonari; his subordinates were Narasawa, Shiba, and Sato. During the case, Tomonari suffers from a heart attack, but insists that no one worry, and to continue the stake out. Sato follows Tomonari, but he dies from a heart attack. When the remaining two see the targets, they notice that one of them is the Chief\'s son, Toshiya. Back then, the case was abruptly concluded as a suicide. The case reopened when the three subordinates were killed, with the exception of Sato, who was critically injured. While Kogoro and Conan are looking over Ran, Conan comes to the conclusion that Ran may have witnessed the culprit\'s face, and mentions that Ran may be targeted. Ran is later discharged from the hospital. When Ran tries to get out of the car, she seems to cower in fear because of a puddle. Kogoro reintroduces Ran to the house, but Ran seems to notice the picture of Shinichi. Kogoro, Conan, and Eri later try to regain Ran\'s memory. The next day, the Detective Boys follow Ran around as guards. Haibara remarks that it may be better if Ran\'s memory wouldn\'t return. Ran seems to show a strange feeling when she sees Shinichi\'s picture. That night, Ran asks Conan about Shinichi. The following day, Ran, Eri, and Conan are waiting at the subway station to go shopping. The culprit suddenly strikes and pushes Ran of onto the rails. Conan barely manages to save her life. The doctor mentions that Ran may be scared to further regain her memory. Conan later investigates the people related to Jinno, and finally realizes the culprit. Ran is later taken to Tropical Land to help regain her memory. Ran has a flashback of Shinichi pressing the cola against her cheek. Takagi later goes to the bathroom, and a mascot character of Tropical Land suddenly walks towards Ran. At the moment, Detective Boys chase the person and take him down. Kogoro removed the mascot head and it is Makoto Tomonari. Kogoro also found the knife from his chest pocket. Tomonari was about to tell that he\'s not the murderer but it\'s too late. Takagi arrested him. The Detective Boys were celebrating for victory. Kogoro told Ran that he\'s going to the police station for questioning and also told her to stay at the Tropical Land until she regains her memory. Kogoro thanks the Detective Boys for saving his daughter, and they felt great about it. At the police station, the police are questioning Tomonari. He reveals that he wasn\'t approaching to Ran. He wanted to talk to Kogoro for his help. He is innocent and the reason why he had the knife in his chest pocket is for his protection. That means the culprit is still out there. Kogoro is now worried about Ran. In Tropical Land, the culprit later attacks Ran but Agasa protected Ran and got shot. Conan, who did not come, hurries and rushes to her aid. Conan quickly arrives at Tropical Land, and the culprit gives chase. When the culprit later pins them down to a volcano, Conan reveals his deduction, and also reveals the culprit was the psychiatrist, Kyosuke Kazato, who killed Jinno as revenge for having injured his hands to ruin his promising career, then kept killing to cover his leads -- which is why he wants Ran dead, as she managed to witness his last murder AND see his face clearly despite his efforts. Conan and Ran then later escape down an escape hole. They run to a lava lake, where Ran asks Conan why is he protecting her. Conan replies that he loves Ran, more than anything in the world... Conan later takes Ran to the fountain, the same place where Shinichi took Ran a long time ago, and Kazato finds them and starts shooting at Conan. Ran then finally breaks free of her amnesia upon seeing Conan in danger and recalling how Sato was shot to protect her; she loudly remarks on all of this and easily disables Kazato, turning him to the police. News later comes that Sato survived the surgery, and will be making a full recovery. Dr. Kazato had a great and promising life as a surgeon until Dr. Jinno purposely cut his left wrist during an operation. Dr. Kazato being left handed quit being a surgeon because of his pride and switched to being a psychiatrist. He then attempted to be a right handed person. He then met up with Jinno some time later and was invited inside his house. Dr. Kazato got drunk and asked if the incident was an accident. Dr. Jinno then smugly confessed. Dr. Kazato took advantage of the recent law suit against Dr. Jinno and killed him knowing it would be ruled as a suicide. Years later the case was reopened and Dr. Kazato killed all the people on the case. However Ran witnessed one of the murders and saw him. She had then gotten amnesia as an effect of blaming herself for the murder. Dr. Kazato then was assigned to take care of Ran. He began to target her. Conan realized this and saved her from getting run over by a train. Ran tells Conan the line her dad told her mom he said to tell her that he loved her, leaving Conan  saying that he can\'t believe he used the same pick-up line as that stupid old man .'] ["Five-thousand years ago, Pharaoh Atem killed and imprisoned Anubis after he tried to destroy the world using the forbidden Shadow Games. In the present day, Anubis' tomb is uncovered by archaeologists, complete with his most valuable treasure, the Pyramid of Light. At the same time, Yugi Mutou completes Atem's Millennium Puzzle, causing Anubis to awaken from his eternal slumber and begin his return from the dead. Sharing his body with Atem's soul under the alias of Yami Yugi, Yugi goes on to become the King of Games, the world's greatest player of the trading card game Duel Monsters, by defeating his rival Seto Kaiba and obtaining the three powerful Egyptian God cards. Desperate to defeat Yugi, Kaiba turns to Maximillion Pegasus, creator of Duel Monsters, to gain any new cards designed to defeat the God cards. Kaiba and Pegasus duel with Kaiba winning and taking two cards, although Pegasus claims he only created one. Yugi and Téa Gardner go to the local museum where Anubis' corpse and the Pyramid of Light are on display, meeting up with Yugi's Grandpa Solomon, who reads a prophecy describing a clairvoyant eye which will prevent the world's destruction if blinded. Anubis' spirit attacks the group with Yugi having a vision of the Lord of the Dead manipulating Kaiba and him a Shadow Game deathmatch. He awakens to find Anubis and the Pyramid of Light missing, and races to warn Kaiba, taken to his duel dome by Kaiba's little brother Mokuba with friends Joey Wheeler and Tristan Taylor in pursuit. Kaiba arrogantly and ignorantly forces Yami Yugi into a duel, unaware that Anubis is manipulating him into using one of the two new cards, Pyramid of Light, which covers the field in a huge replica of the actual pyramid and destroys the God Cards. Yugi, Joey and Tristan are sucked into the pyramid whilst Mokuba flees the crumbling building. Yugi, Joey and Tristan awaken within the Millennium Puzzle, finding Anubis' tomb within. The regenerating sorcerer reveals that his monsters will destroy the modern world. Yami Yugi and Kaiba continue their duel, each blow to their in-game Life Points actually draining away their physical energy. Kaiba uses the second new card, the Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon, to destroy Yami's last monster and dropping his Life Points to near 0. Téa, Solomon, and Mokuba escape the collapsing dome in Pegasus' helicopter, Pegasus having figured out what is going on. Téa's soul is sent into the Millennium Puzzle to aid Yugi, Joey and Tristan. Yugi finds the Dagger of Fate within Anubis' tomb, and uses it to destroy the all-seeing eye in the tomb as per the prophecy. Anubis materializes behind Kaiba as he tries to alter the duel's path, casting him aside and taking command of the duel. Yami, reunited with Yugi, destroys the Pyramid of Light card with the Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon and then uses Kaiba's planned strategy to summon the God Cards and end the duel by destroying Anubis. However, Anubis rises again as a demonic beast and transforms the Duel Monsters cards into real creatures. This proves to be his undoing when Yugi and Yami summon the Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon to destroy Anubis. Kaiba departs promising to defeat Yugi, Yugi thanking Yami and his friends for their help and companionship."] ['LaMB takes place in the distant future on a desert planet called Cerra. The story features a prison system, in which prisoners are sealed in personal containment systems known as "laminated suits" and used for labor. Prisoners go through a "Lamination" process, where they are fitted with cybernetic, laminated skin-tight suits. In these suits, they can move around and completed work assignments that cannot be done by machine or robots. Law-abiding citizens are protected, while the criminals become members of society in a futuristic prison system. This process ensures that convicted criminals remain productive members in a system of virtual slavery. The story encompasses the dichotomy between the theory and practice of a futuristic society\'s justice system. The lamination process and system of virtual slavery has made both jails and the death penalty obsolete in a world where human ingenuity, creativity, and labor continue to be precious commodities that cannot be replaced by robots or any form of artificial intelligence. The system also sparks off philosophical debates among citizens presenting pros and cons of the ethical feasibility of "Lamination".{{cite web}} The story follows protagonists Sara Integra and Jack Griswold\'s struggle against Cerra\'s system of imprisonment. Major Sara Integra is a former weapons specialist in bio-weapons division. While she was on a military assignment, innocent lives were lost during an experiment gone wrong. She was convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to 200 years encased in a laminated suit. Sara forever became known as Eve, or Eve1135. When she became a LaMB, Eve was assigned a Shepherd. Shepherds control the actions and movement of the LaMBs. Included among the laws of society are that LaMBs must only act upon instructions of their Shepherds. While LaMBs can hear others, they cannot speak, nor can they touch another human being unless ordered by their Shepherd. Dr. Jack Griswold was assigned to be Eve\'s Shepherd. Griswold is a scientist from another planet, specializing in advanced botanical engineering. He has been assigned the task to restore vegetation to the dry, desert planet. Among Griswold\'s superiors is Keiko Suzuki, Chief Scientific Advisor specializing in biophysics. She has been deeply affected by the death of her parents and has made revenge her ultimate goal in life. Griswold tends to display workaholic traits, presumably in order to forget the recent loss of his wife. His curiosity and soul-searching thirst to understand the complexities of the universe drives his research. He tends to spend more time in the lab than anywhere else and his intense focus on his research makes him appear awkward when in comes to social interaction. Griswold inadvertently gets pulled into the politics and ethics behind the system of "Lamination", as well as a romance with Eve. Keiko\'s anti-LaMB organization and conspiracy is discovered, and she is put into a lamb suit. Due to recent developments in technology her suit is part plant possibly. She goes on reign of terror and mayhem and tries to destroy Eve1135, she is immobilized by touching Griswold while she attacked him. She loses her balance and falls off the building. Eve1135 is eventually released from prison  and she is just Sara Integra and she kisses Griswold after they put flowers on his wife\'s grave.'] ['The young boy Amon has the mysterious power of the ancient "wind people." His father, a brilliant military scientist of the Golden Snake Empire, does not want to use his son\'s powers for weapons of mass destruction. He burns his papers and lab and tries to escape from the country with his family, but is killed in the attempt. Amon is taken prisoner by the Golden Snake Empire\'s despotic ruler, Branik, who intends for Amon\'s powers to produce a new super-weapon. Amon escapes to Heart Island when an eagle explains to him how to see the wind and fly. On Heart Island, Amon learns a bit about the history of the wind people from a bear. He then flies off and settles in a small fishing village. There, he befriends a young girl his own age, Maria. When Branik and the Golden Snake Empire launch an attack on the village, Maria\'s family are killed and Maria flees with Amon. Eventually Amon and Maria are recaptured, Maria thrown in prison and Amon forced to work on weapons. Amon joins a small revolution against Branik.'] ["The film begins in medias res with the space fortress Macross trying to evade the Zentradi at the edge of the Solar System. The Macross houses an entire city with tens of thousands of civilians who are cut off from Earth, after it had executed a space fold on the first day of the Earth/Zentradi war - taking the city section of South Ataria Island with it. During the latest assault, Valkyrie pilot Hikaru Ichijyo rescues pop idol Lynn Minmay, but are both trapped in a section of the fortress for days. Even after their eventual rescue, this fateful meeting leads to a relationship between the singer and her number one fan. The Zentradi, meanwhile, discover the debilitating and disruptive effect that human music has on the rank and file troops. Their supreme leader, Gorg Boddole Zer, suspects that the human culture is deeply related to an ancient music box he has kept with him for eons. Then, the Zentradi discover an opportunity to examine the humans further when Hikaru borrows a Valkyrie trainer unit without permission and flies Minmay across Saturn's rings. The Zentradi capture Hikaru and Minmay, along with Lieutenant Misa Hayase, Minmay's cousin/manager Lynn Kaifun, and Hikaru's superior Roy Focker in the ensuing chaos. Aboard Britai Kridanik's ship, the humans are being interrogated about their culture when a squadron of Meltrandi, led by Milia 639, invades the ship, giving the humans a chance to escape. Hikaru and Misa escape from the ship, but Focker is killed and Minmay and Kaifun remain aboard while the two officers get caught in a space fold. Exiting from the fold, Hikaru and Misa arrive on a desolate world that turns out to be Earth, as the entire population was wiped out by a prior Zentradi attack. As the two officers roam the remains of the planet, they become closer. They also discover an ancient city of the Protoculture, where the mysterious origins of the alien giants is revealed. In the city, Misa discovers an artifact that contains lyrics to an ancient song. Many days later, the Macross arrives on Earth. Just as Hikaru and Misa are debriefing their story to Captain Bruno J. Global, the fortress is attacked by a Meltrandi fleet. During the battle, ace pilot Maximilian Jenius defeats Millia aboard the Meltrandi's main ship, which destroys the Macross main cannons with one shot. The Meltrandi are forced to retreat when the Zentradi arrive - with Minmay's singing voice as their weapon. Captain Global announces a truce and a military pact between the Macross and the Zentradi. Hikaru and Minmay reunite, but Minmay realizes he is now with Misa. Meanwhile, Misa works on translating the ancient song for use as a cultural weapon, as requested by Boddole Zer. However, when the Meltrandi return to attack, Boddole Zer loses patience and recklessly has his capital ship wipe out half the fleets of both factions. Once again, the Macross finds itself in the middle of a brutal war. Hikaru persuades Minmay to perform the translated song. As the Macross flies across the battlefield, Minmay's song causes a union with Britai's fleet and the Meltrandi against Boddole Zer. After the Macross breaks into Boddole Zer's ship, Hikaru flies his Valkyrie into the supreme commander's chamber and destroys him with his entire arsenal. After Boddole Zer's ship is destroyed, Macross bridge officer Claudia LaSalle asks why the song caused such a turnaround to the war. Misa explains that it is a simple love song. The film ends with a concert by Minmay in front of the rebuilt Macross."] ['A world, forever beyond your expectations. In a dark, cramped, underground world of endless tunnels and shafts, people wear protective suits and live out their modest hard and yet happy lives. The princess of the underground community, Patema, goes out exploring as always, inspired by her curiosity of the unknown depths of the world. Her favorite spot is the "danger zone", an area forbidden by the "rule" of the community. Despite being frequently chastised by her caretaker Jii, she cannot hold back her curiosity for the reason behind the rule, because no one would tell her what the "danger" was. When she approaches the hidden "secret", the story begins.'] ['King Zarkon and the Drule Empire have joined forces to create a mighty space armada named "The Fleet of Doom" with the hopes of striking a critical blow to the Galaxy Alliance by finding and destroying a secret power base. Meanwhile, Haggar has used new magic powers to imprison Princess Alurra\'s spirit in an alternate dimension. When Keith goes to rescue her, Haggar casts an evil spell that feeds on Keith\'s past fears of imaginary monsters. King Alfor encourages Keith to overcome his fear with courage. He is then able to find the Princess, but it is Allura who saves his life from Haggar\'s destructive magic. The Lion Force Voltron and the Vehicle Force Voltron must travel to the secret power base\'s planet to assist them in fighting off the Fleet, but the journey there is not as easy as it seems for either Voltron Force.{{cite web}}{{cite web}}'] ["The film opens with the young boy Nemo experiencing a nightmare in which he is pursued by a locomotive. Upon awakening the next day, he goes to see a parade welcoming a traveling circus. However, Nemo is unable to see the circus because his father and his mother are too busy to act as his chaperones. Later that night, Nemo imitates sleepwalking in an attempt to sneak some pie away, which acts against a promise he had made earlier to his mother. Upon falling asleep that night, Nemo is approached by figures from the parade. The circus organist introduces himself as Professor Genius and claims that they had been sent on a mission by King Morpheus, the king of a realm named Slumberland. The mission involves Nemo becoming the playmate of the princess, Camille. Although Nemo initially has reservations about interacting with royalty of the opposite gender, he decides to set off to fulfill his mission. Nemo is taken to Slumberland in a dirigible which he is allowed to drive, causing some chaos and is introduced to King Morpheus, who doubles as the circus ringmaster in Earth. Morpheus reveals that he summoned Nemo to become his heir to the throne. Morpheus gives Nemo a golden key and warns him of a door with a dragon insignia that must never be opened. Nemo is introduced to Princess Camille and the pair roam the entirety of Slumberland together. Afterward, Nemo meets the mischievous clown, Flip, who angers a group of cops and forces him and Nemo to hide out in an underground cave. There, Nemo discovers the door that Morpheus warned him not to open. Flip tempts Nemo into unlocking the door, which unleashes the dreaded Nightmare King. Nemo rushes back to Morpheus' castle in time for his coronation ceremony, where Nemo is handed the royal scepter, the only thing capable of defeating the Nightmare King should he ever return to Slumberland. In the middle of a dance session between Morpheus and Genius, the Nightmare King reaches the castle and steals Morpheus away. As the partygoers search for a scapegoat, Flip reveals Nemo to be responsible for the Nightmare King's escape. Nemo awakens in his home, which floods with seawater and ejects him into the ocean. Genius discovers Nemo and tells him not to blame himself for all that has happened. When the two return to Slumberland, Flip reveals that he has a map to Nightmare Land, where Morpheus is currently being held. Nemo, Camille, Flip, and Genius set off in a tugboat in search of Morpheus. They are soon sucked into a whirlpool and find themselves in the monster-infested Nightmare Land. The four come across a group of shapeshifting goblins who wish to aid in the quest to find Morpheus. The Nightmare King sends a flock of giant bats to seize the rescue party. Nemo attempts to use the scepter, but awakens in his bed instead. The goblins appear in Nemo's room and the group travels to Nightmare Castle by flying through a hole in the sky. However, they are subsequently imprisoned in the castle, where the Nightmare King demands possession of the scepter. Nemo soon uses the scepter to finally eliminate and defeat the Nightmare King. Slumberland celebrates the fall of the Nightmare Kingdom, after which Nemo once more awakens in his room. Nemo's parents finally agree to chaperone Nemo during his visit to the circus."] ['The movie begins at the wedding of Goemon Ishikawa XIII and his fiancée Murasaki. During the ceremony where the Suminawa family heirloom, a valuable antique urn, is handed over to Goemon, several black-clad ninja attack the party and attempt to steal the urn. Lupin and his colleagues fight off the ninja, but during the confusion others kidnap Goemon\'s bride-to-be and escape, leaving a ransom note. Meanwhile, Inspector Zenigata has retired to a Buddhist temple following the apparent death of his long-time quarry Lupin. A colleague from ICPO is trying to persuade him to return to work, but Zenigata says he has "no interest in a world without Lupin". Zenigata soon changes his mind when he is shown a photograph of Lupin at the wedding ceremony earlier that day. Zenigata resumes his lifelong pursuit of Lupin! At the Suminawa household, Murasaki\'s grandfather explains to Goemon that the urn holds the secret location of the Suminawa family treasure, and that the Fuma clan, the ninjas who attacked the ceremony that morning, have been trying to steal it for just as long. He refuses to hand over the urn to the Fuma clan, but Lupin steals it instead and exchanges it for Murasaki\'s life. The urn contains a hidden engraving revealing the location of the treasure; an underground cave deep in the mountains. Soon the race is on as Lupin and company, with Zenigata in close pursuit, try to beat the Fuma clan in negotiating the trap-laden caves beneath the mountain to find the ancient treasure.'] ['The existence of the "Black World" is known to very few people. For centuries, a pact between the two has been observed to maintain peace, and terms must be negotiated and renewed every few hundred years to continue relative harmony. This time around, there is a militant faction called The Radicals that will stop at nothing to prevent the signing of a new treaty. Two agents of the Black Guards are charged with insuring the success of the treaty: The human Taki Renzaburo is an electronics salesman by day, and a Black Guard agent when needed; his partner Makie, who masquerades as a model, is a beautiful and skilled woman from the Black World. Their mission is to protect Giuseppi Mayart, a two hundred year-old man with fantastic spiritual power, whose presence at the peace treaty signing is critical. The Radicals wish to kill Mayart to upset the peace between both worlds. Attacks on Makie, Taki and Mayart begin even before the three meet, and the situation does not improve, despite taking shelter in a hotel that supposedly has strong spiritual barriers to keep people of the Black World away; on top of this, Mayart sneaks out after a skirmish at the hotel. Makie and Taki find him at a massage parlor in the grip of a Black World woman who has sapped his health, prompting a frantic trip to a spiritual hospital under Black Guard protection. Halfway there, Makie is taken prisoner to be punished for her "crimes" against the Black World by being repeatedly raped, and Taki is forced to leave her behind, but as soon as he knows Mayart is safe in the hospital, he rushes to where his partner is being held, despite the threat that he will be thrown out of the Black Guard. Taki is led to a dilapidated building far from the hospital, where he finds Makie being gang-raped. While Taki is successful in freeing Makie, they are relieved of their Black Guard duties and are captured by a spider-like woman Taki has encountered before; both are knocked unconscious, but they wake up alone in a church , and seek comfort in each other\'s bodies. One last attack by the Radicals comes and is partially deflected by a surprisingly healthy Mayart, who reveals he was protecting his bodyguards, not the other way around as they had been led to believe. Mayart and Taki almost succeed in defeating Mr. Shadow, but the final blow comes from Makie, who suddenly displays an overwhelming power, a gift from her joining with Taki. Mayart explains that the two are essential to forming a new peace treaty as they are compatible for producing the first half human/Black World child, thus ushering in a new race and hopefully ensuring everlasting peace between the two worlds. The movie ends with Taki reinstated in the Black Guard, uncertain about his feelings for Makie and what is expected of them, but feeling optimistic about the future he will help protect.'] ["{{plot}} When contact with the USG Ishimura and the Aegis VII colony is lost, the Concordance Extraction Corporation sends the ship USG O'Bannon to investigate. But the corporation loses contact with the O'Bannon as well. The Marine battleship Abraxis portals to and docks with the O'Bannon. Five marines board the ship and see mutilated bodies. Their scanners detect four people still alive: Nicholas Kuttner, a security officer; Alejandro Borgas, an engineer; Nolan Stross, chief science officer; and Isabella Cho, chief medical officer. Kuttner kills one of the marines. The marines incapacitate them and take them to the Abraxis. The Abraxis then destroys the O'Bannon and portals out of the Aegis system. The four find themselves in a holding cell on the Abraxis, heading to the Sprawl, a station built on a shard of Titan. The head interrogator is told by the Overseer he has seven hours to get information from the survivors. Kuttner is interrogated first. They use his fear of being burned alive to get him to cooperate. Kuttner's daughter, Vivian, was killed prior to the mission. He was in a conference room with Cho, Stross, a soldier named Rin and their leader Sergenko. Borgas enters the room with his 19-year-old cousin Noah and Omar, a Unitologist. All three were picked up from the Sprawl. Captain Campbell enters and explains that crews will stabilize the gravity on Aegis VII, then dismisses the engineers. Campbell explains that Kuttner's crew are to bring back pieces of the Marker, which are worth millions of credits per kilo. The crew and engineers land on Aegis VII, which has become dangerously unstable. While the engineers work the gravity stabilizer, Kuttner's crew split up. Kuttner finds a shard of the Marker which has a terrible effect on him. He sees a vision of his daughter. His hallucination of the crew as monsters trying to hurt her causes him to attack the engineers. He kills Noah and causes the stabilizer to malfunction, and his teammates tie him up in the shuttle. After giving his account, the restraints are removed. Kuttner kills several crew members before he is shot. He sees his daughter walk through an airlock. As the marines attempt to grab him, he opens the airlock, killing himself and the marines. They bring in Borgas, who explains the crew made it to the shuttle, but Rin, Sergenko and Omar were killed. Borgas was forced to crash land the shuttle onto the O'Bannon. Aegis VII explodes seconds before the ship can jump out of the system. The debris causes severe damage to the ShockPoint Drive. Borgas, enraged by his cousin's death, demands to know the importance of the shard. When the captain explains the shard's monetary value, Borgas assaults him. After Cho calms him down, he follows the captain's order to fix the drive. After giving his account, the lead interrogator assures Borgas he will go home. He has Borgas killed. He sends in Stross. Stross' account begins after getting the shard on the ship. Stross was on the O'Bannon with his wife and infant son, but his duties were taking a toll on their relationship. He studies the shard, which begins to affect him. He sees symbols everywhere and begins to obsess over the Marker. He explains to the captain how the Marker was possibly designed by a higher power; and how it takes dead flesh and restructures the DNA, improving it. To prove this theory, he takes a body from the morgue and exposes it to the shard. The corpse transforms into a Necromorph and begins killing and transforming crew members throughout the ship. Stross runs to his living quarters and kills his wife and son, thinking they are Necromorphs. The head interrogator, realizing that Stross can communicate with the Marker, has him stored. When Cho gives her account, it is discovered that she was having an affair with Stross, and she had fallen in love with him. She noticed changes in him after he began to study the shard. After having sex with him in the lab, they have an argument and he tells her to leave. After checking up on Kuttner, she and several other doctors arrive at the morgue. They find the bodies gone and several doctors killed. One of the bodies turns into a Necromorph, causing the group to flee. She releases Kuttner, who kills the Necromorph. She goes to Stross' living quarters, and finds he murdered his wife and son. They eventually meet up with Captain Campbell, who is fighting the Necromorphs with the security team. The Necromorphs overwhelm the last of the security, and the Captain, Kuttner, Cho and Stross flee into the vents. They make it to Stross' lab, where they meet with Borgas, and two officers from the bridge. Stross explains that destroying the shard could stop the Necromorphs. Borgas says that throwing it into the portal drive could not only destroy it, but restart the drive. With weapons made by Borgas, they head to engineering. Debris from the planet causes a hull breach, damaging the outer door control for engineering. Captain Campbell sacrifices himself to seal the door manually. The four survivors battle the Necromorphs to get to the portal drive. When Stross refuses to throw the shard into the drive, Cho does it. The drive's energy destroys the shard, which causes all the Necromorphs to liquefy. After giving her account, Cho is informed that the Abraxis has reached the Sprawl. Cho surmises that her superiors are aware of the effects of the Marker and are using those exposed as human guinea pigs. The Overseer accompanies Cho to the Sprawl and has the interrogator and his assistant killed. The Overseer offers Cho a position as head of the project, but Cho refuses after seeing what her superiors have done. She is lobotomised. The Overseer and his assistant watch a news report where a lobotomised Cho is accused of being a terrorist responsible for the Ishimura, Aegis VII colony, and O'Bannon disasters. They then discuss studying Stross, highlighting their luck in finding two people who have come into contact with the Marker. They proceed to store him in the lab where, in the slot next to him, is the other person - the crazed engineer that they found floating in a shuttle weeks ago who was responsible for destroying Aegis VII. The name of the engineer, Isaac Clarke, is then seen on a holographic monitor, marking the beginning of Dead Space 2."] ['Frustrated by the multitude of problems at school and at home, Nobita wonders if his life would be easier if magic really existed. He then asks Doraemon for his what-if-telephone-booth gadget which allows both to go to a parallel world where magic is ordinary to all. In the fascinating alternate reality, they find out that a demonic planet is approaching and threatens the lives of everyone over there. Doraemon, Nobita, and their friends must then find a hidden tome written by a wizard that defeated a similar menace a long time ago.'] ['{{Expand section|date Slipstream  Sonic Boom Squadron  Knight of the Iron Dragon  Two soldiers attempt to reach an air base in order to fulfill a promise despite the fact that it might have been rendered moot in the reality of war.'] ["Upon reaching the train station to death, a dejected soul is informed that he is 'lucky' and will have another chance at life. He is placed in the body of a 14-year-old boy named Makoto Kobayashi, who has just committed suicide. Watched over by a neutral spirit named Purapura, the soul must figure out what his greatest sin and mistake in his former life was before his time limit in Makoto's body runs out. He also has a number of other lesser duties he must complete, such as understanding what led Makoto to commit suicide in the first place and learning how to enjoy his second chance at life."] ["While meditating beside a waterfall, Piccolo is approached by Gohan and Icarus, with Gohan showing Piccolo a tune he has just learned to whistle. To his shock, Piccolo finds the noise excruciatingly painful due to his enhanced Namekian hearing, and angrily orders Gohan to stop. Meanwhile, at the Capsule Corporation compound, Bulma and her father discover that a meteor is heading toward the Earth and will most likely destroy the planet upon impact. Amidst mass panic throughout the Earth, Goku and Krillin rush to intercept the meteor, blasting it with Kamehameha waves, but fail to damage it. The meteor, however, does not hit Earth, instead passing it and exploding in orbit. When the dust clears, a strange building is present on the Earth. An army of armoured soldiers comes out of the building and declares the Earth to be under the rule of their leader, Lord Slug, and terrorise the citizens for laughing at them. Gohan and Chi-Chi appear and fight the soldiers, whose eyes appear to be hypersensitive to the sunlight, but Chi-Chi is easily subdued and Gohan loses his hat with the four-star Dragon Ball as Slug himself appears and takes it. Bulma appears and defies Slug's henchmen, who reveal their intentions to Terra-freeze the Earth and turn it into their own star cruiser. Slug reads Bulma's mind and learns about the Dragon Radar, and orders his men to find the remaining six Dragon Balls in one hour. Slug's men eventually bring the Dragon Balls back to base and summon the Eternal Dragon, Shenron. The elderly Slug wishes for eternal youth, which is granted, and he launches a pod into space, where it summons dark clouds to cover the sky, blocking out the sunlight, modifying the atmosphere to accommodate Slug and his men, while proving deadly for the human race. Goku, still exhausted from his ordeal with the meteor, is found unconscious by Yajirobe, who gives him a Senzu Bean. At Slug's base, Gohan resumes his assault against Slug's army and manages to bring down scores of them until he is subdued. Piccolo appears and rescues Gohan from death. Slug's top men, Angila, Medamatcha and Wings appear and engage them in battle. Piccolo kills Wings while Medamatcha smothers Gohan into unconsciousness, but as Medamatcha moves in to finish Gohan, Piccolo throws himself in front of Gohan and takes the blast. They are almost killed, but Goku and Krillin arrive on the scene in time and kill Angila and Medamatcha, but Slug then enters the fray. Slug blasts Krillin aside and fights Goku one on one, easily taking the upper hand despite Goku's efforts. However, as Slug moves in to finish Goku, Goku is overcome by rage at the damage done to the Earth and its inhabitants, and transforms into a False Super Saiyan . With his power boosted, Goku easily takes control of the battle and pummels Slug, breaking his arm in the process. To Goku's horror, however, Slug tears his damaged arm off and regenerates it, also removing his helmet and revealing that he is actually a Namekian. As Slug transforms into a giant, King Kai telepathically contacts Goku and tells him that Slug is the last Super Namek, a branch of Namekians who grew obsessed with power and were banished from Planet Namek by use of the Dragon Balls. Goku and Slug continue their fight, but with Slug's increased strength and Goku's superior speed, neither can best the other. Slug eventually grabs Goku and starts to crush him, but Piccolo, knowing his own weaknesses, intervenes and pulls on Slug's antennae. Slug grabs Piccolo in his hands, but Piccolo, remembering his sensitive hearing, pulls his own ears off and screams for Gohan to start whistling. The noise deafens Slug, especially in his giant form, leaving Piccolo to transfer his remaining energy to Goku. Goku powers up and manages to fly straight through Slug's stomach, knocking him out. Goku then flies into the sky and begins preparing a Spirit Bomb in order to destroy the Terra-freezing pod, but Slug gives chase. In desperation, Goku fires the Spirit Bomb at Slug, hitting him and sending him directly into the Terra-freezing pod which explodes, destroying Slug and removing the dark clouds from Earth's atmosphere. In the aftermath, Yajirobe appears and provides everyone with Senzu Beans. At Kame House, Master Roshi, who slept through all the events, wakes up and wishes for something exciting to happen."] ["Jun Tendo, a shy scared teenage boy, is transported 1200 years into Japan's past, to the Heian era. There, he must enlist the aid of the dragon Yamata no Orochi to resolve a war between humans and Oni."] ["Ash Ketchum, Dawn, Brock and their Pokémon arrive in the beautiful Michina Town, visting the local temple ruins. Whilst visiting a lake, a typhoon suddenly strikes up, but two people named Sheena and Kevin summon Dialga who ends the typhoon. Palkia and Giratina both individually arrive, but Sheena uses her ability to communicate with a Pokémon's heart to quell their conflicts with each other, sending them back to their respective dimensions. Taking the kids to the temple, Sheena and Kevin explain they investigate disruptions in time and space, and worry that Arceus, the creator of the dimensions, is to awaken and is responsible for the encounters between Dialga, Palkia and Giratina. Sheena explains that centuries ago, Arceus saved Earth from a meteor storm and nearly died with the loss of its sixteen Life Plates, but a man named Damos saved him. In gratitude, Arceus fused five of his plates into the Jewel of Life, which turned Michina into a paradise. Arceus asked Damos to return to the jewel to him, only for Damos to betray Arceus and attacked him. Arceus was forced to go into a long slumber but vowed to awaken and judge humanity. Sheena reveals Damos is her ancestor, and possesses the actual Jewel of Life, planning to give it back to Arceus to pass judgement. Arceus arrives and Sheena offers him the jewel, only to discover it is a forgery. Arceus would have destroyed humanity, but Dialga, Palkia and Giratina arrive to stop their creator. Dialga sends Ash, Dawn, Brock and Sheena back in time to the day when Damos betrayed Arceus, but Dialga sends them further back, only for the heroes to be apprehended by Damos' lieutenant Marcus and his Heatran. The kids, Pikachu and Piplup are imprisoned, but the latter two are released by a notch-earred Pichu. The kids meet Damos who was imprisoned by Marcus, who is actually the true culprit behind the betrayal, using a Bronzong to hypnotise Damos into becoming his pawn. Unaware of Marcus' true role, Sheena tells him everything about the future. Pikachu, Piplup and a notch-earred Pichu free the kids and Damos. Arceus arrives to collect the Jewel of Life, hidden in Marcus' sceptre, but the fooled Sheena ends up being the one who betrays him. Arceus is forced into a pit and is wounded by liquid metal and electrical attacks, Marcus' intention is to kill Arceus himself to save the future. Sheena and Damos use their abilities to free the Pokémon under Marcus' control, including Heatran and Bronzong. Ash and the Pokémon confront Marcus, and Ash obtains the real Jewel of Life. Ash reaches Arceus but discovers he is dying. As a result, Ash and his friends begin to disintegrate due to the future being altered. Damos uses his powers to reach Arceus' raging heart, and asks him to save the future. Arceus absorbs the Jewel of Life, restoring his own life force and those of the future. Arceus rescues his saviours from the collapse of the temple, but Marcus is killed. Ash, Dawn, Brock and Sheena are transported to the future, only to discover that Arceus is still furious and has defeated Dialga, Palkia and Giratina. Arceus spots Ash and recognises him due to history's alterations, and reverses the destruction he caused and heals his servants. Ash and co. discover Damos has put them on a mural, thanking them for their help in saving the world. Arceus and his followers depart to their respective dimensions, Arceus concluding he is a part of the world aside from its creator. The end credits show via murals that Damos helped turn Michina into a paradise, and the fates of several characters from the previous two movies including Shaymin and Darkrai."] ['In 1863, where an alternate nineteenth century Europe has made tremendous strides in steampunk-themed technologies, scientist Lloyd Steam and his son Edward have succeeded, after a lengthy expedition, in discovering a pure mineral water. They believe the water can be harnessed as an ultimate power source for steam engines . An experiment in Russian Alaska goes terribly wrong, with Edward being engulfed in freezing gases, but results in the creation of a strange spherical apparatus. Three years later, back in England, Edward\'s son, Ray Steam, is an avid young inventor who works at a textile mill in Manchester as a maintenance boy, often working on a personal steam-powered monowheel at home. While he usually lives alone with his mother, his friend Emma and her brother Thomas have recently been sent over to stay until their mother returns from a business trip. Ray\'s life is suddenly disrupted by the arrival of a package from his grandfather Lloyd; the metallic ball seen earlier, along with its schematics and a letter instructing him to guard it. Then, Alfred and Jason, two members from a company called "The O\'Hara Foundation" arrive and attempt to steal the ball, but Lloyd appears just in time to distract them, allowing Ray to escape with the package. With Emma\'s help, he manages to activate his monowheel as more agents, operating a large steam automotive, give chase, succeeding in thwarting it on a railway line by putting it in the way of an incoming train. By coincidence, Robert Stephenson, who was the intended recipient of the Steam Ball, was on his way to Manchester to meet with the elder Dr. Steam, and happens to be on the train. However, as the train approaches the station, a zeppelin carrying Alfred descends over their compartment and kidnaps Ray, taking the ball with them. Arriving in London, sometime prior to the 1866 Great Exhibition, during a small dining session Ray meets Scarlett O\'Hara, the spoiled granddaughter of the Foundation\'s head chairman; Archibald Simon, an administrator of the company; and finally his father Edward, who has been partially mechanized for his severe injuries from the Alaskan experiment. He promptly takes Ray  on a tour of the "Steam Castle"; an elaborate facility run by an army of engineers, and entirely powered by the compressed gas in three "Steam Balls", one of which was the one sent to Ray. He is enamored both by the castle, and his father\'s vision of using it to enlighten mankind. Ray is then quickly recruited to help complete the castle, and begins developing a love/hate friendship with Scarlett, who has become attracted to him. Ray later encounters Lloyd again, who has escaped from his cell in the castle and is attempting to sabotage it from within, knowing that Eddie\'s intentions for it were evil. The Foundation\'s true intentions for the exhibition is to sell weapons to Britain\'s enemies. Upon discovering an arsenal of war machines in its underbelly, Ray struggles with the moral dichotomy of being a scientist; of how to contribute to the world without giving into vanity, conveying his conflict towards his father, and the one brewing between Eddie and Lloyd. The two eventually reach the core section of the castle, and manage to pry away one of the steam balls before security surrounds them. Lloyd is shot by Alfred and recaptured, while Ray makes another elaborate escape with the ball. The next morning, the exhibition is underway, and Ray has reunited with Robert Stephenson, giving him the ball and the knowledge he acquired in captivity. An assault on the castle is then met with a demonstration by the Foundation of its new steam-powered weapons, which turn the exhibition into a war zone. Ray becomes aware of his folly when Stephenson uses the ball to enhance his own company\'s battle tanks , leading him to realize that he had no better intentions than the Foundation\'s. Eddie, eager to show the world the castle, enters the observation/control room and orders the engineers to "launch" it, causing the structure to rise and shed its decorative outer shell, revealing a monstrous floating fortress, the steam generated by the structure\'s gigantic propulsion jets flooding the city and freezing everything in its path. Ray steals the ball again to create a makeshift rocket vehicle, and attempts to gain entry as the British Royal Navy attempts in vain to shoot it down. Scarlett has since become worried about Ray, and has found herself trapped in the castle whilst searching for him. She is in the control room with Eddie as Ray arrives, and Lloyd  confronts Eddie about his actions before shooting him with a stolen gun, and having his body disappear in a cloud of steam. With the castle steered off course from the battle, the structure has become unstable and threatens to explode over the city. Lloyd and Ray rush to redirect the castle over the Thames, defeating Alfred who is controlling a pair of gigantic construction claws in the process. At the last minute Eddie, whose metal body repelled the gunshot, appears alive and decides to lend a hand. Ray reinstalls the stolen steam ball, and makes his way to the control room to make a final escape with Scarlett on an emergency jet pack, while Eddie and Lloyd halt the machine over the Thames and leave as well. The castle eventually detonates in a spectacular explosion, sparing the city of most of the destruction. The ending montage reveals Ray returning home, and later becoming a global superhero  using the jet pack gear from the castle; his grandfather Lloyd introducing Ray to electricity and finally passing away; the Great War is fought with paratroopers and zeppelins; his father Eddie founding a corporate conglomerate; and Scarlett maturing and becoming a famous pilot.'] ['The opening scene of the movie shows a prediction of what should happen in the future of the movie. It shows Naruto battling a monster, only to be impaled by its tail, killing him and the Nine Tailed Fox inside of him. A funeral is held for Naruto in Konoha, his home village, to which Sakura Haruno, Rock Lee and Neji Hyuga are shown to attend, along with others. Finally, the scene shows Tsunade looking out her window, asking if \'Everything is just decided by fate\'. The setting then returns to a few days previous, where a man named Yomi attacks a shrine to retrieve the spirit of Mōryō, a demon who attempted to take over the world and create his "Thousand Year Kingdom". Since he is lacking a body, Yomi offers his as a temporary substitute until they can retrieve Mōryō\'s original one. The only threat to Mōryō\'s plan is a priestess named Shion, who has the ability to seal his spirit away once more. He raises a stone army from their slumber to attack the rest of the world while his four subordinates go to eliminate Shion. They are given special chakra creatures to enhance their strength. To deal with the threat, Konohagakure sends out many advance teams to stall the stone army. Naruto, Sakura, Lee and Neji are sent to guard Shion and deliver her to the shrine where Mōryō\'s body is kept. They fend off Shion\'s four would-be assassins, and, afterwards, Shion prophesies Naruto\'s upcoming death. Shion\'s total acceptance of "fate", as well as her selfish attitude, provokes Naruto into antagonizing her. As they head for the shrine, they are again ambushed by the assassins and, ultimately, Shion is killed. This turns out to be a ruse: the dead "Shion" is actually her servant, Taruho, acting as a decoy, by the use of Shadow Mirror Body Transfer Jutsu.This jutsu was a technique passed down in the servant\'s family. After Neji orders Naruto to escort Shion to the temple alone, Shion explains that her predictions work by using others\' lives to protect her own. Naruto insists that he will not die, and likewise will keep Shion safe. With teamwork, Sakura, Lee and Neji defeat the assassins, and at the mountain temple where Mōryō\'s body is kept, Naruto and Shion find the stone army waiting. Naruto holds the army back while Shion heads inside to begin the sealing ritual. Yomi is already inside, and tricks Shion into beginning the technique with him inside the barrier, allowing Mōryō\'s spirit to reunite with his body. With the stone army being destroyed by Kakashi, Shikamaru, Guy and Temari, Naruto comes to rescue her. About to see her prediction of his death  come true, Shion uses her power to change Naruto\'s fate. She is able to tap into her true powers, intending to kill herself and Mōryō to save Naruto . Naruto stops her seconds before her death, and creates a gigantic Rasengan by combining Shion\'s chakra with his. Naruto drives the Rasengan into Mōryō and obliterates it. After the ending credits, Naruto asks Shion what she intends to do now. She replies that Mōryō was a demon created by the dark thoughts of men, and that there is bound to be another Mōryō someday. Because of this, she says that she must continue the line of priestesses that will suppress demons like Mōryō. Shion then asks Naruto if he will help her , much to the shock of Sakura, Kakashi, and Lee. Naruto, clueless as usual, agrees without realizing the second meaning of her question.'] ['Sosai X traveled millions of light years to reach the planet Earth and creates a mutant Berg Katse. 30 years later he is the leader of the terrorist organisation known as Galactor. They want to conquer the world. Since Galactor controls the mechanical monster "Turtle King," the nations of the world live in fear. Earth\'s only hope lies with five teenagers who can move like shadows. They are Gatchaman, five superheroes who arrive in their spaceship "Godphoenix" to stop Galactor\'s Machiavellian plans of world domination.'] ["Haruka lost her mother at a young age. While her mother was still alive, she received a hand mirror from her. After her mother's death, she forgot about the mirror and eventually lost it. One day, she decides to go to a local shrine and pray for the hand mirror to be returned to her. It is there that she accidentally encounters a small masked creature which she secretly follows to the land of forgotten items."] [' Deunan Knute is a young highly skilled female soldier and is one of the last survivors of the Global War. During a battle, she is rescued by Hitomi, a Second Generation Bioroid. Deunan attempts to escape from a hospital and takes Hitomi hostage, but is stopped by Briareos Hecatonchires, her former lover, who is now a cyborg. She learns that the war had ended and she is in a Utopian city called Olympus. Its population is half-human and half-clone, a genetically-engineered species called Bioroids. Olympus is governed by three factions: Prime Minister Athena Areios; General Edward Uranus III, head of the Olympus Army; and a Council of Elders. Everything in the city is observed by an artificial intelligence named Gaia from a building called Tartaros. While there, Deunan joins the ESWAT organization. The Bioroids were created from the DNA of Deunan\'s father, Carl, making the Second Generation Bioroids her brothers and sisters. However, they have a much shorter lifespan than humans due to suppressed reproductive capabilities. The Bioroid’s life extension facilities are destroyed by a secret faction of the Regular Army in a terrorist attack against the Bioroids. However, the Appleseed data, which contains information on restoring the Bioroids reproduction capabilities, still exists. Olympus is plagued by conflicting factions. Along with a strike force, Deunan and Briareos head to the building where the Bioroids were originally created. She activates a holographic recording showing the location of the Appleseed data. Dr. Gilliam Knute, who created the Bioroids, entrusted Appleseed to Deunan, but was shot by a soldier. They are betrayed and cornered by the Regular Army. Colonel Hades, the anti-Bioroid terrorist, tells Deunan that Briareos had intentionally allowed his Landmate, a large exoskeleton-like battlesuits, to escape. Kudoh tries to cover their escape to the roof and is killed. Uranus tries to convince Deunan that Bioroids seek to control humanity, and he wants to destroy Appleseed and the D-Tank containing the Bioroid reproductive activation mechanism. Briareos tells Uranus that the Elders manipulated the Army into wanting to destroy the D-Tank, but Athena is trying to prevent them and protect humanity. Hades intervenes and shoots Briareos, revealing a personal vendetta against Karl; he is killed by Deunan as she and Briareos make their escape into the sea. They wash up on a beach. Briareos is badly damaged from the firefight and Deunan doesn\'t want to leave him, but he persuades her to go and find out what is going on with the Elders. Mechanic Yoshitsune Miyamoto arrives in his Landmate and begins repairing Briareos. Deunan takes the Landmate back to Olympus, where the Appleseed data is used to fully restore Bioroid reproductive functions. Despite the relief, Deunan confronts the Council of Elders and force them to admit that they killed her mother. They reveal they plan to use the D-tank virus to sterilize all humans, allowing their race to die out slowly, leaving the Bioroids the new rulers of Earth. They needed the Appleseed data to keep the Bioroids alive, but Gilliam hid the data so they could not move forward with their plan. Athena, stepping in to stop them and announcing that Uranus has surrendered, tells Deunan that the Elders had been acting on their own and had shut Gaia down once they realized humanity had softened their stance against Bioroids. The Elders state that they will soon die since Gaia kept them alive, but that they were ready to sacrifice themselves. They then activate the city\'s mobile fortress defenses, which begin marching towards Tartaros. Athena states that D-tank\'s security system is nearly impenetrable, but a shot from the fortresses\' main cannons might puncture the tank, releasing the virus. ESWAT begins mobilizing, but suffer heavy casualties due to the fortresses\' heavy weaponry. Briareos arrives and asks Deunan to join the battle. Despite the Elders’ objections, Deunan goes with Briareos to the towers. Deunan attempts to enter the password to shut the defenses down, but a malfunction makes it difficult to complete. The final password letter appears by itself, and Deunan secures the D-Tank. The film ends with Deunan stating that the sins of humanity will probably get worse, but that there is always the chance that future generations will learn from these mistakes. She vows to keep fighting for the children, who are "the true new race of man."'] ["The story takes place ten years after World War II, approximately the same time as the manga debuted, focused mainly on Shotaro's pursuit to control and fully understand Tetsujin's capabilities, all the while encountering previous creations and scientists from the Tetsujin Project."] ['Sora, Umi and Ao are three school-aged girls who will tackle any job: delivering lunches, to doing your homework and cleaning smokestacks, in order to amass enough money to buy a nearby island and make their own country. However, they have encountered their biggest challenge yet: to convince a boy, Rikku, to go back to school when they themselves do not go.'] ['Nobita’s troubled about what to do with his zero test marks once again. A gust of wind scatters his test papers and he falls into a garbage dump trying to gather them together again. There he finds a young withered tree that caught one of his papers and he decides to take it home. He tries to plant it in his garden but gets caught by his mother who doesn’t allow him to grow it. Still wanting to keep it but not being allowed to grow, Doraemon comes up with the idea of making it come alive with a gadget he uses. Nobita names the little tree "Kibō" because all it can say is "ki". As the days pass, Nobita’s parents also accept Kibō because he was a very smart boy who helped Nobita’s mother whenever he was away. However, aliens from the Planet of Green decides to pass judgement claiming humans were destroying all the green on Earth. Nobita and his friends manage to escape by coincident and arrive at their planet. They are warmly welcomed to their city of Green Pier but also learn of what they are doing to their planet. Unfortunately, with all his gadgets borrowed by Dorami, there was little Doraemon could do. They manage to escape and come across Princess Rire who tricks them into thinking she was leading them home but along the way, learns that what her adviser was about to do was wrong. Eventually with the help of the alien planet’s Elder they manage to return to Earth which was already invaded. Fortunately the time watch Doraemon had dropped had frozen life on Earth giving them a chance to save everyone. The aliens try to summon their giant using Kibō to wipe out all humans despite the Elder’s warnings and the plan backfires on them. But with Nobita’s persistence, he wakes up Kibō and everything is restored as the Elder sacrifices himself. Princess Rire announces to her people that they will watch Earth for the time being while Kibō decides to travel around space to learn more and become like the Elder. Nobita and his friends say goodbye to Kibō and go home. Nobita\'s mother said to him and Doraemon for lunch, but there was Kibo\'s shoe beside Nobita\'s shoe.'] ['= It is three years prior to the movie events where Shinichi tries to find a witness to confirm a man\'s alibi for innocence from the murder of his grandmother; apparently he passed out drinking the day he was supposed to meet his grandmother. The clues are a black lab the man saw when he was drunk and the wall which blocks his view. Genta, Ayumi, and Mitsuhiko are shown in Kindergarten but they are too young to confirm the man\'s alibi. Shinichi solves the case with the help of his father. In the end, he walks down a path with Ran they notice woman starts singing; the song happens to be "Amazing Grace". Conan voices that the song he heard will be important in the case three years from now. Many ties have been made to the OVA, specifically the scene where Shinichi and Ran walk down a path beside a river and forest and hearing a woman singing "Amazing Grace", revealed to be Akiba singing.'] [' When waiting for his girlfriend, Touka Miyashita, to arrive, Keiji Takeda sees a ragged looking man stumbling through the town. A short man in a black cloak speaks with the other man after he collapses, then berated the crowd for not helping. When the police arrive, the two escape, but what shocked Takeda most of all was that the cloaked man has the face of his girlfriend. The following day, Miyashita acts as if nothing had happened the previous day. Takeda sought to speak with her after school, but instead spots the cloaked man. Confronting him, the stranger introduces himself as Boogiepop. Boogiepop claims to be a split personality, who has emerged to protect the world. Boogiepop explains to Takeda that Miyashita is unaware of his existence, and would modify her memories to explain the blank periods. Boogiepop has appeared this time to face a man-eater hiding in the school. Through their discussions, the two come to accept each other, and become friends. In the end, Boogiepop appears to Takeda in Miyashita\'s school uniform, and explains that the crisis was over, so he would disappear. To the end, Takeda is sure that Boogiepop is merely Miyashita\'s repressed possibilities, rather than a monster-fighting hero. Kazuko Suema has an unusual interest: criminal psychology. Despite this interest, she had little interest in the rumours the other girls talk about in class, about a shinigami named Boogiepop. While walking home with her friend, Kyoko Kinoshita, Kinoshita is attacked by Kirima Nagi, The Fire Witch. Kirima interrogates her about something, but stops when she realizes that she had only caught a \'normal\' person; a drug-user. Suema confronts Kirima about this, but was told to let go of the events of five years ago – but Suema had never told anyone about that! Unable to let things happen without her being aware of them again, Suema searches for Kirima\'s house, and confronts her. However, Kirima reveals little about what she is doing, and only tells her that Boogiepop had saved her five years ago. Masami Saotome joins a group date with Kusatsu Akiko. Late in the night, he drops a tablet into her drink; when she falls ill, he tells the others that he will get her home. Taking her to an abandoned building, he signals for Manticore to come; she turns the corpse into her loyal slave. Two months prior, Saotome had found the corpse of Yurihara at school, before himself being attacked by Manticore. Rather than panic or fight back, he told Manticore it would be better off leaving him alive and taking the form of Yurihara. In time, the two were deeply in love with each other, as they hatched their plan to conquer the world. As their experiments in controlling people begin to fail, and Kirima Nagi seems to be investigating too close, the relationship between Saotome and Manticore strains, until Naoko Kamikishiro came upon them, calling for Echoes. Manticore kills Kamikishiro, but for Saotome, this was the missing link: he has a plan to solve their problems. Akio Kimura receives a letter telling him that Naoko Kamikishiro was dead. Two years ago, when they were in High School, he met Kamikishiro when she was confessing her love to Tanaka Shiro. Returning to his hometown to investigate the origin of this letter, Kimura runs into Touka Miyashita. Miyashita tells him that he should get over the disappearance of Kamikishiro, but Kimura tells her that an alien had taken Kamikishiro into space with him. Kamikishiro had told Kimura that she had met an alien named Echoes, who had been sent to evaluate humanity, but he had been cloned. His clone was now somewhere in their town, and he was looking to kill it before it killed the humans. As Kimura and Miyashita go their separate ways, Miyashita – but at the same time not Miyashita – tells him that Kamikishiro had "done her duty". Tanaka Shiro approaches Niitoki Kei about the disappearance of Naoko Kamikishiro. Saotome Masami suggests they ask Nagi Kirima, a friend of Kamikishiro. Unable to find her around the school, Saotome suggests summoning her over the school\'s PA. Recognising a trap, Kirima cut the lights to the PA room, and knocked out the three students with a stun gun. When they came to, they were presented to Echoes, who indicated that they were normal humans. After they were released by Echoes, Saotome stabbed him in the throat with a poison-filled mechanical pencil before Manticore attacked. Saotome then slashed Kirima\'s throat, killing her. By the time Niitoki comprehended the situation, Echoes was being defeated by Manticore. However, he points to the sky, and transforms into light. Echoes directs the beam of light towards Manticore, but Saotome intervenes; he just barely saves her, but was killed instead. Hoping to take this chance to escape, Niitoki runs, but Manticore pursues. Hearing someone whistling Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg, she heads towards the sound. Niitoki trips, but Manticore becomes trapped in a wire. Niitoki\'s savior has the face of Miyashita Touka, but claims to be Boogiepop. While Manticore is trapped, Boogiepop calls for Tanaka to shoot it with an arrow; an arrow to the head finishes the creature. Finally, Kirima rises from the dead, apparently resurrected by Echoes as he left.'] ['Before he ever lifted his mighty hammer Mjolnir, there was the sword. Fantastic journeys beckon from the mysterious nine realms. Places of dark mists and fiery voids. Of winged creatures and giants in the ice. And the most alluring quest of all – the search for the legendary Lost Sword of Surtur. Hungry for adventure, Thor secretly embarks on the journey of a lifetime, joined by his loyal brother Loki, whose budding sorcery equips him with just enough magic to conjure up trouble, along with the Warriors Three – a band of boastful travelers reluctant to set sail on any adventure that might actually be dangerous. But what starts out as a harmless treasure hunt quickly turns deadly, and Thor must now prove himself worthy of the destiny he covets by saving Asgard itself.'] ["Three years after the events of the first movie, Noa Izumi and Asuma Shinohara are now testing new Labors at a facility run by the Metropolitan Police. Isao Ota is a police academy Labor instructor. Mikiyasu Shinshi has since been reassigned as the Tokyo Metropolitan Police's head of General Affairs. Seitaro Sakaki has retired with Shigeo Shiba taking over his position as head of the labor maintenance team with Hiromi Yamazaki, Kiichi Goto and Shinobu Nagumo remaining with the unit as Kanuka Clancy had permanently returned to New York. Most of them had been replaced by fresh labor pilots. Suspicious events begin to materialize with the face of a military takeover of Tokyo by GSDF forces and martial law with belief that the JASDF was the culprit. Protests in various JSDF bases take place as a means of conveying their denial of the bridge attack. Before long, public panic comes as JGSDF-marked gunships attack in several bridges in Tokyo Bay, various communication centers and SV2 headquarters, coupled by the release of a supposed deadly gas after Special Assault Team snipers shoot down an auto-piloted blimp that was responsible for jamming all electronics in the Greater Tokyo Area. Goto and Nagumo once more assembles the original Section 2 members in a hidden subway passage as they embark on a secret operation to apprehend Yukihito Tsuge, a former GSDF officer who planned the terrorist attacks as revenge for the failure of a UN Peacekeeping operation in Cambodia back in 1999. With the threat of US intervention looming unless the government controls the situation, the team uses an old stretch of the Ginza Line to approach an artificial island Tsuge uses as his hideout. However, Goto also takes care of things on his end by facilitating the arrest of Shigeki Arakawa, a GSDF intelligence agent who is actually one of Tsuge's cohorts. After a fierce fight inside the artificial island's tunnel which results in flooding, the team evacuates the tunnel while Nagumo breaks through to finally arrest Tsuge."] ['Alakazam is a young and brave monkey who has been encouraged by all the other monkeys to become their king. After attaining the throne, he becomes rude and dictatorial, and does not believe that human beings are greater than he is. Then he tricks/forces Merlin the magician to teach him magic . Alakazam becomes so arrogant that he abuses his magic powers, and chooses to go up to Majutsu Land , to challenge King Amo. He is defeated by King Amo. For his punishment, he is sentenced to serve as the bodyguard of Prince Amat on a pilgrimage; in order to learn humility, mercy and to fight with wisdom. Ultimately, he learns his lesson and becomes a true hero.'] [" The film comes accompanied by a short mini-movie featuring Pikachu. In this mini-movie, Pikachu and his friends are left on a skyscraper in Big City by their trainers, who go off to prepare an unknown surprise for the Pokémon. Pikachu meets the Pichu Brothers, saving the younger one from falling off an opposite building. A group of Murkrow chase Pikachu off a flagpole, and he uses a group of Hoppip to reach the other side, sending Meowth who is window-cleaning, flying into a billboard. The Pichu Bros. assist Pikachu to return to his friends but they end up going on a journey across the city to the Pichu Bros' playground. On the way, they get chased by a Houndour who they later encounter again. The angry Houndour chases the three around until he nearly knocks the playground over. Pikachu, the Pichu Bros., Houndour and their assortment of friends manage to save the playground. Pikachu realizes it is nearly six o'clock and he must return to his friends before Ash, his trainer, does. Pikachu and the Pichu Bros. use a tire to get to the building, sending Meowth flying again. The three arrive in the nick of time, the Pichu Brothers departing. Ash, Misty and Brock arrive and take the Pokémon into a room where a party has been laid out for them in celebration of the first anniversary of Ash and Pikachu's meeting.  The feature film focuses on the beautiful town of Greenfield. A resident of the town, the research scientist Professor Spencer Hale, conducts research on the elusive Unown. He and his assistant, Skyler, discover a site of ruins, but Hale is sucked into the dimension of the Unown. His disappearance leaves his young daughter Molly alone, her mother having disappeared previously. Molly finds a box of tablets containing Unown images and begins assembling the letters, which summons the Unown themselves. The Unown use their powers to make Molly's wishes come true, transforming her manor house into a crystal-like palace which spreads across the town and cuts her off from the world. Entei is created to represent Molly's father. Various people come to help sort out the Unown, including Professor Oak and Delia Ketchum . Meanwhile, Ash and his friends meet and befriend a trainer named Lisa and come into Greenfield in the process and agree to join in the rescue mission to save young Molly. However, Entei kidnaps Delia, following Molly's request for a mother as well. Through Entei's powers, Delia is hypnotized into thinking she is Molly's mother. Ash, Misty, Brock and their Pokémon head out to the mansion to save Delia, communicating with Professor Oak and Skyler thanks to a PokéGear device given to them by Lisa. Team Rocket try to investigate the mansion, only to be blasted out of the air by Entei into the depths of the mansion. Molly watches Ash and the others through a television and falls asleep, imagining herself being a Pokémon Trainer. Entei then creates a dream version of Molly as an adult and takes her to battle the three. She first fights Brock, but her dreamed-up Pokémon are stronger than his; she then has a more friendly fight against Misty in an underwater battle, but the winner is not shown. Ash manages to locate Molly and Delia, but Molly refuses to leave with him and the mansion transforms. Entei refuses to allow Ash to leave with his mother, and fights his Pokémon. He then blasts Ash and Pikachu off a cliff, but they are saved by the arrival of Ash's Charizard. Charizard, with Ash on his back, battles Entei until he is knocked out of the sky. Entei nearly kills Charizard until Molly commands him to stop and begs that no more fighting happens, which manages to stop Entei. Ash and his friends convince Molly to leave with them, Entei revealing he was created by the Unown to be her father. The Unown suddenly lose control of their powers and start to seal the group in the mansion. Ash, Pikachu, Charizard, Misty, Brock, Delia, Molly and Team Rocket escape down to the hall where the Unown are. Pikachu and Charizard attempt to break the forcefield protecting the Unown, but they are unsuccessful—until they are joined by Entei, combining their powers to destroy the shield with Molly's support. Entei sacrifices himself and the Unown return to their dimension, reversing all of their effects on the world and returning Professor Hale to the ruins where he originally vanished. The group ventures outside, where Professor Oak, Skyler, Lisa and others meet them. Team Rocket hides in the mansion upon seeing all of the police outside and vow they will succeed or fail in their next scheme. In the end credits, Charizard and Lisa depart from Ash's company, and Molly is seen with her own Teddiursa and reunites with her father—and later, with her mother."] ['The story begins in late 1960s Japan. A group of tanuki is threatened by a gigantic suburban development project called New Tama, in the Tama Hills on the outskirts of Tokyo. The development is cutting into their forest habitat and dividing their land. The story resumes in early 1990s Japan, during the early years of the Heisei era. With limited living space and food decreasing every year, the tanuki begin fighting among themselves for the diminishing resources, but at the urging of the matriarch Oroku , they decide to unify to stop the development. Several tanuki lead the resistance, including the aggressive chief Gonta, the old guru Seizaemon, the wise-woman Oroku, and the young and resourceful Shoukichi. Using their illusion skills , they stage a number of diversions including industrial sabotage. These attacks injure and even kill people, frightening construction workers into quitting, but more workers immediately replace them. In desperation, the tanuki send out messengers to seek help from various legendary elders from other regions. After several years, one of the messengers returns bringing a trio of elders from the distant island of Shikoku, where development is not a problem and the tanuki are still worshipped. In an effort at re-establishing respect for the supernatural, the group stages a massive "ghost parade" to make the humans think the town is haunted. The strain of the massive illusion kills one of the elders, and the effort seems wasted when the owner of a nearby theme park takes credit for the parade, claiming it was a publicity stunt. With this setback, the unity of the tanuki finally fails and they break up into smaller groups, each following a different strategy. One group led by Gonta takes the route of eco-terrorism, holding off workers until they are wiped out in a pitched battle with the police. Another group desperately attempts to gain media attention through television appearances to plead their case against the habitat\'s destruction. One of the elders becomes senile and starts a Buddhist dancing cult among the tanuki who are unable to transform, eventually sailing away with them in a ship that takes them to their deaths, while the other elder investigates joining the human world as the last of the transforming kitsune  have already done. When all else fails, in a last act of defiance, the remaining tanuki stage a grand illusion, temporarily transforming the urbanized land back into its pristine state to remind everyone of what has been lost.{{cite book}} Finally, their strength exhausted, the tanuki most trained in illusion follow the example of the kitsune: They blend into human society one by one, abandoning those who cannot transform. While the media appeal comes too late to stop the construction, the public responds sympathetically to the tanuki, pushing the developers to set aside some areas as parks. However, the parks are too small to accommodate all the non-transforming tanuki. Some try to survive there, dodging traffic to rummage through human scraps for food, while others disperse farther out to the countryside to compete with the tanuki who are already there.  In a touching coda, one day, Shoukichi, who also joined the human world, is coming home from work when he sees a non-transformed tanuki leaping into a gap in a wall. Shoukichi crawls into the gap and follows the path, which leads to a grassy clearing where some of his former companions are gathering. He joyfully transforms back into a tanuki to join them. In an emotional final scene, Shoukichi\'s friend, Ponkichi addresses the viewer, asking humans to be more considerate of tanuki and other animals less endowed with transformation skills, and not to destroy their living space; as the view pulls out and away, their surroundings are revealed as a golf course within a suburban sprawl.'] ['As his town is flooded by water, an aged widower is forced to add additional levels onto his home in order to stay dry. But when he accidentally drops his favorite smoking pipe into the lower submerged levels of his home, his search for the pipe eventually makes him relive scenes from his eventful life.'] [' Seventeen-year-old Makoto Konno  lives with her family in the Shitamachi area of Tokyo, Japan. Makoto lives with her younger sibling, Miyuki , and her aunt, Kazuko Yoshiyama , is an art restorer at the Tokyo National Museum. One day, when Makoto discovers a message written on a blackboard at her high school, she inadvertently falls upon a mysterious, walnut-shaped object. On her way home, Makoto is ejected into a railroad crossing when she loses control of her bicycle and is struck by a train. She is transported a few minutes back in time to before the accident. Kazuko explains to Makoto that she has the power to "time-leap", to literally leap through time. At first, Makoto uses her power extravagantly to avoid being late, to get perfect grades on tests, and even relive a single karaoke session for an entire hour, but Makoto soon discovers that her actions can adversely affect others. Makoto ends up using up more of her leaps to frivolously prevent undesirable situations from happening, including an awkward love confession from her best friend Chiaki Mamiya . Makoto eventually discovers a numbered tattoo on her arm which counts down with each leap. She determines that the tattoo indicates that she can only leap through time a limited number of times. Using her remaining time leaps, Makoto attempts to make things right for everyone. Makoto impulsively uses her final leap to prevent a phone call from Chiaki asking if she knows about time-leaping. Although Makoto arrives too late to prevent her friend Kōsuke Tsuda  and his new girlfriend, Kaho Fujitani , from being struck by the train, when time suddenly freezes and Makoto discovers Chiaki nearby. Chiaki confesses that he is from the future, the walnut-shaped object is a time-traveling device and he used it to leap through time to see a painting being restored by Kazuko, as it has been destroyed in the future. While walking with Makoto in the frozen city, Chiaki explains the reasons why he stayed longer in her time frame than he planned. He admits to using his final leap to prevent Kōsuke\'s accident and has stopped time only to explain to Makoto what the consequences will be. Having revealed his origins, the nature of the item that allowed Makoto to leap through time and being unable to return to his time period, Chiaki must disappear. Makoto realizes too late that she loves him. True to his words, Chiaki disappears when time begins again. Initially distraught at losing Chiaki, Makoto discovers that Chiaki\'s time-leap had inadvertently restored a time-leap to her: Chiaki had leapt back to the time before Makoto used her final leap. Makoto leaps back to the moment when she gained her powers, at which point Chiaki still has one remaining time-leap. Makoto explains to Chiaki that she is from the future and reveals everything he told her concerning who he is, the ability to leap through time, and his reasons for extending his stay in her time frame. Makoto promises to make sure the painting stays safe so Chiaki can see it in his time. Before Chiaki leaves, he tells Makoto that he will be waiting for her in the future. When Kōsuke asks her where Chiaki went, she says that he went to study abroad, and that she made a decision about her own future.'] ["Ark takes place on a dying alien world in which a global war between two technologically advanced human civilizations has reduced the planet to a wasteland. The only way to escape the world is by activating the Ark, an ancient giant robot capable of supporting a human city as well as traveling through space. James Woods plays Jallak, the military general of the reigning civilization, the Storrians, who captured the Ark from the Ceveans. But they are unable to get the Ark to work in order to save their people. The Ceveans, having been enslaved and with only the wasteland to roam free are constantly attacked and brutalised by the Storrians. A leader of their resistance movement is a young resistance fighter named Rogan. Rogan is arrested during a resistance uprising, but manages to escape. He bumps into the general's adopted daughter Amarinth, whom the general had secretly rescued from a Cevean hibernation pod cluster where they had hidden their children for safety. They then meet again during a civilian protest rally and she offers to help hide him and tend to his wounds. Rogan goes with her back to her apartment and meets her pet JuJu, but then vanishes when he discovers she's the Storrian general's daughter. Baramanda, the Empress's manipulative right-hand man, arrives unexpectedly to take Amarinth into custody after discovering the truth of her lineage. Rogan helps her escape from Baramanda and takes her to the resistance base within the slave quarters of the Ark. There she meets with an elderly man who explains Amarinth's birthright with the help of JuJu, who turns out to have originally belonged to him. Unknown to Rogan, and to Amarinth herself, she turns out to be the daughter of the Cevean priestess who originally built the Ark, Amiel, who had disappeared 100 years earlier. Amiel helped construct not just the Ark the Storrians hold, but another known as The Ark of York. The plans for the Arks passed down from the Gods . It took all her strength to create them, causing her to fall into a deep sleep and not awaken again. Before entering her eternal hibernation, she placed her very young daughter into the hidden hibernation pod. Then her body was secretly hidden by her people until discovered by the Storrians. They find Amiel's molecular structure enables her body to generate a pulsing electronic field throughout her bloodstream. Not only does this make her body perfectly preserved despite how long she had been inactive, it is the reason the Arks will not work: she and Amarinth are descendents of the gods themselves and only they have the ability to pilot the Arks. A cell of her dead blood can supply power to an entire building, but it becomes apparent that no matter how much energy Amiel's body retains, since she is dead it's not enough to move the ark. Both civilizations scramble to use Amiel's daughter, Amarinth, to activate their Ark and leave the other civilization behind to die. However, Amarinth, who has ties to both civilizations, wishes to try to find a way to use her power to save everyone. She is opposed by the lifeforce-stealing wraith Baramanda, who wishes to steal the power of the Ark for his own selfish purposes. Amarinth after going to the Ark of York, refuses to pilot it and leave the Storrians behind. Despite her lineage as a Cevean, she was raised as a Storrian. When she finds out her father, Jallak, had been arrested for high treason and was to be executed for hiding her, she demands that Rogan and the others help her rescue him if they want her help. They agree and return to save him. After freeing Jallak, Baramunda tries to drain Amarith's blood but is stopped by Amiel who awakens momentarily to stop him. All escape but Jallak remains behind to save his people, as the Ark starts to fall apart. Rogan takes Amarinth back to The Ark of York as Baramanda merges with the core of the other Ark and awakens it. Amarinth discovers that, just as her mother Amiel died in constructing the Arks, so she would perish to pilot one. Rogan and Amarinth kiss for the first and final time as she merges with the core of York just as The Ark comes stomping up to it. The Arks clash in a giant battle with the earth breaking down beneath their feet. Amarinth grabs the city plate off of SidArk as Jallak and his friend set the self-destruct mechanism. They perish in the explosion as the planet begins to crumble. Rogan narrates at the end as it shows The Ark of York kneeling with the SidArk city plate on another planet flourishing with vegetation. He states that no one knew both civilizations would make it and neither does anyone think it would work out, living together, sharing the planet. He continues saying that it was hard to imagine that their old world, which was now no more, might have looked like this before the war. So the Storrians and Ceveans are going to try to coexist, to preserve this planet and Amarinth's sacrifice. It's difficult at times, and Rogan wishes that Amarinth was there to bridge the gap between the two civilizations. He states that they could have learned so much from her, but that they already had."] ['Roujin Z is set in Japan during the early 21st century. A group of scientists and hospital administrators, under the direction of the Ministry of Public Welfare, have developed the Z-001, a computerized hospital bed with robotic features.{{cite web}} The Z-001 takes complete care of the patient: it can dispense food and medicine, remove excretory waste, bathe and exercise the patient lying within its frame. The bed is driven by its own built-in nuclear power reactor &mdash; and in the event of an atomic meltdown, the bed  would become automatically sealed in concrete.<ref nameHolden, Stephen | dateRoujin Z  Film Review; A Gadget-Mad America, Through Japanese Eyes | url9A0CEFDA1239F936A35752C0A960958260 | publisher2011-06-22}} The first patient to be "volunteered" to test the bed is a dying widower named Kiyuro Takazawa. He is an invalid who is cared for by a young nursing student named Haruko. Although she objects to such treatment of elderly patients, Haruko begrudgingly seeks the aid of a group of computer hackers in the hospital\'s geriatric ward to create and install a vocal simulation of Takazawa\'s deceased wife in the Z-001. However, once Takazawa wishes to go to the beach, the Z-001 detaches itself from its moorings and escapes from the hospital with the man in its grasp.<ref nameTR | titlehttp://www.timeout.com/film/reviews/76973/roujin_z.html | publisher2011-06-22}} Haruko\'s fears are then justified, as it discovered that the bed is actually a government-designed, experimental weapons robot.'] ['Deep in the South American jungle, a Japanese hunter named Ryosuke Ishigami and a local boy named Chico stalk a creature that has been terrorizing the local countryside. Ryo, however, is quite familiar with this beast, and while they wait at a desert cave where Chico had previous spotted her, he tells Chico about her. On his fifteenth birthday Ryo, the delinquent son of a crime reporter and a geneticist, is out with a motorcycle gang when they encounter a mysterious woman. Some of the rougher members of the gang accost her, and she turns out to be anything but normal, retaliating with seemingly supernatural agility but spares Ryo. The gang leader returns to the woman\'s hideout for revenge, but the gang members are torn apart, but she again spares him and reveals herself to him. The woman is not really human at all, but a catgirl named Bagi &mdash; and it was Ryo himself who had raised her as a kitten after his father found her near his mothers lab and brought her home as a pet. As Bagi grew and people became suspicious of the precocious "cat", who was able to walk on her hind legs and even learned to write her own name and speak. Not wanting to cause trouble for him she escaped and grew to adulthood on her own. Upon their reunion, Ryo and Bagi join forces to find out the truth of her origins. With Bagi\'s superior strength and agility they manage to break into the lab where his mother worked and confront its president in his office. He reveals that Bagi is a product of recombinant DNA research be human and mountain lion cells and that Ryosue\'s own mother was responsible for her creation. Nine years ago an earthquake damaged the cells holding experimental animals, allowing them to escape. Among them was Bagi\'s mother, who hid her kitten before being killed under orders from Ryosuke\'s mother, in order to contain their research leaving the catgirl the only survivor. Bagi reveal strange powers of hypnosis, forcing the president to send them to the South American lab where Ryo\'s mother is. The pair are captured by government forces and brought to the lab. There he finally confronts his mother but she refuses to stop her research and plans to have Bagi killed, both to contain the results of the research and continue it by studying Bagi\'s DNA. Ryo escapes with the help of Cemen Bond, a gunman assigned to guard his room, who decides to help after a coin toss. However, after he releases Bagi Bond betrays them, revealing he was just humoring the boy and has no intention of letting them escape. Between them they manage to disable him and plan to escape. There is a far greater horror in the lab: in trying to create larger strains of rice to more easily feed the starving population Ryosuke\'s mother has accidentally created one that produced a deadly poison. Far from being displeased, the President of the country orders her to make more, planning to use it against his enemies. Appalled at the thought she refuses but he forces her under threat of being killed by his attack dogs. Meanwhile, Bagi is quickly losing her human traits, however she confronts her creator while Ryo finds an escape vehicle. Later he sees Bagi running away and his mother dying of claw wounds. Believing that Bagi has betrayed them he vows revenge and spends the next five years under Bond\'s tutelage. The government has hired Ryo to track down the now feral Bagi under the pretense that she has been attacking the local villages. Upon investigating one of the villages, he discovers that it was a pack of regular mountain lions. Chico, who believed that Bagi killed his father, finds a piece of his father\'s bolas wrapped around the leg of one of the lions and realizes that the same pack was also responsible for his death. Upon returning to the cave, they are followed by government forces and the official who hired Ryo reveals that they have no interest in Bagi, only a ball of deadly rice that she had escaped with. They attack but Bagi\'s abilities manifest, hypnotizing the soldiers sent to her den into killing the rest. She attacks Ryo but hesitates at the last moment, apparently recognizing him, allowing him to stab her. He finds his mother\'s locket around Bagi\'s neck with a note inside, revealing that she let Bagi go with instructions to hide the rice where no one would find it, sacrificing her own life so that others would live. She apologizes for being a bad scientist and a bad mother. Ryosuke mourns his friend but the next morning Bagi\'s body is gone and her pawprints lead off into the bush. Ryosuke decides it is for the best and promises to pray that she is able to peacefully live out the rest of her life, away from humans.'] ['The Hulk\'s allies on Earth decide he is too dangerous, so they put him in a shuttle and attempt to send him to a peaceful world. He awakens on board the shuttle before it arrives at its intended destination. When he goes into a fit of rage, breaking his restraints, he also causes enough damage to veer it off course, resulting in a crash on the planet Sakaar. Imperial guards appear and attach an obedience disk to the Hulk, allowing them to communicate. The Hulk is imprisoned with Hiroim, Korg, Miek, Elloe Kaifi, Lavin Skee, an Android, and a few hived natives. The slaves are forced to fight for their freedom in three gladiator battles. Their first opponents are Korg\'s brothers. Lavin Skee and the natives die in the battle. Hulk attacks the Red King who presides over the arena, but is defeated by the emperor\'s lieutenant, Caiera. Red King allows the Hulk to live because the crowd is entertained, but secretly plots his death. The other gladiators hold a service for Lavin Skee and form a Warbound pact, revealing their pasts to each other. Elloe also tells Hiroim that some civilians believe the Hulk is the true "Sakaarson," a foretold savior. Hulk refuses the title. The other gladiators fight their second round against the Wildebots, and are victorious. Later, Caiera comes to the Hulk and reveals her past. As a child, creatures known as "Spikes" attacked her home-town. The Red Prince  killed off the Spikes with his Death’s Head guards , after which Caiera pledged allegiance to the prince. She worries Hulk\'s popularity will turn the people away from the Red King, and encourages him to escape. That night the resistance comes to rescue the gladiators but the Hulk refuses to go, warning there\'s a trap. Elloe leaves, and the rest of Warbound are forced to listen to the resistance fighters being attacked. For the third and final fight, their opponent is Beta Ray Bill, compelled by an obedience disk to kill or be killed. The Hulk and Bill battle fiercely. During their fight Hiroim notices Hulk’s blood on the dirt is bringing plants to life - a sign of the Sakaarson. Hulk destroys Bill\'s obedience disk, but continues his attack, pummeling Bill to near-death. The Red King announces the Warbound as free citizens, but asks them to show loyalty to him by executing Elloe. They refuse and the Red King orders their death. However, Beta Ray Bill awakens and uses the power of his hammer to destroy all obedience disks in the colosseum. Bill offers to take Hulk back to Earth, but he refuses. Bill leaves the planet as Warbound escape to the resistance’s hideout at a nearby town. The Hulk goes his own way. Caiera catches up to Hulk after the Red King orders her to kill him. They fight until Caiera spots a Spike ship, which they follow to the town where the Warbound are staying. Caiera, Hulk, and the Warbound work together to protect the town. When she calls the Red King for help, he reveals the Spikes are his creation. A bomb hits, destroying almost everything except the protected civilians of the cave. After the smoke clears, the unharmed Caiera finds the Hulk’s body and informs the Red King he is dead. The King demands Hulk\'s body. Caiera, the shackled Warbound, and the Hulk\'s corpse are brought to the Red King, who is wearing his imperial armor. As he gloats over the Hulk\'s death, Hulk\'s is revealed to be alive and attacks the king. Caiera sets the rest of Warbound free and they fight the guards. The Hulk and Red King continue to fight, and Hulk overpowers him. The Red King is infected by a spike bug and is killed by his Death’s Head guards. Order is restored to Sakaar and the Hulk accepts the role of Sakaarson and the new king of Sakaar. He, his wife and queen Caiera, and the Warbound stood as heroes in front of the whole of Sakaar\'s citizens.'] ['The series takes place in a retro-futuristic setting, where the Shizuma Drive ends the depletion of petroleum resources and the need for nuclear power. The system is a non-polluting recyclable energy source that powers everything on land, sea and air. Ten years prior to the events of the series a team of scientists, led by Professor Shizuma, created the revolutionary system. In the process they nearly destroyed the world and one of their own, Franken Von Vogler, was lost in the event that went down in history as the "Tragedy of Bashtarle." At the start of Giant Robo, the BF Group is in the middle of recreating the event with aid from the resurfaced Vogler. The story explores a society completely brought down, within the span of one week, because of dependency on a single energy source and a state of prosperity tainted by compromise and deceit.<ref name http://www.ex.org/3.2/04-feature_gr1.html | title  2007-01-01 | last  Eric | publisher = EX: The Online World of Anime & Manga}}'] ["The film, set in the Adriatic Sea in the interwar period, begins with the titular character Porco Rosso, a veteran WWI fighter ace and freelance bounty hunter, responding to an alert over an attack on a ferry liner by airborne pirates. Having successfully defeated the pirates, the so-called Mamma Aiuto gang, Porco retires to the Hotel Adriano, which is run by his long-time friend Gina. At the restaurant of the hotel, which is frequented by pilots all over the Adriatic, the heads of the pirate gangs are introduced to Curtis, an arrogant and ambitious American ace who has a contract to assist them. Within time Curtis falls in love with Gina but is frustrated to see that she has affections over Porco. After successfully executing a pirating mission Curtis tracks down Porco, who is flying to Milan to have his plane improved, and shoots him down, claiming to have killed him. Porco actually survives, but all but the fuselage of his plane has been destroyed. Porco continues his mission to Milan, much to the irritation of Gina . Porco arrives discreetly in Milan to meet Piccolo, his mechanic. He is surprised to find that Piccolo's sons have emigrated to find work elsewhere, and much of the engineering is done by his granddaughter Fio. Porco is initially skeptical of Fio's abilities as a mechanic, but after seeing her dedication in the project to repair his plane he accepts her as a competent engineer, and begins to recognize her as a genius. With no males to assist in the project, Piccolo calls up an all-female team to repair the plane. When Porco's plane is finished, he is unexpectedly joined by Fio on his flight home, with the justification that if the secret police  arrest the team, they can say that Porco forced them to help and took Fio as a hostage. Porco reluctantly agrees, and the two hurriedly leave Milan. Stopping off to refuel on the way, Porco discovers that the new Fascist government are beginning to hire seaplane pirates for their own use, thus putting him out of business. Upon returning home, Porco and Fio are ambushed by the pirates, who threaten to kill Porco and destroy his plane. Fio successfully talks them out of it, but Curtis appears and challenges Porco to a final duel. Fio impulsively makes a deal with him declaring that if Porco wins, Curtis must pay off his debts owed the Piccolo's company, and if Curtis wins, he may marry her. Porco is irritated at Fio for making such a deal, but he forgives her and shows confidence in winning. That night, at Fio's request Porco tells a story recalling an event in WWI, when he was still a human, where his entire squadron apart from himself was shot down in a dogfight with Austro-Hungarian aircraft. He recalls blacking out and awakening to find himself in complete stillness, with a white band hovering in the distant sky. Enemy aircraft fly past towards the band but ignore him. He sees his friend Berlini, Gina's then-husband, and calls him back but is ignored. Porco soon sees that the band is in fact thousands of planes flying together. Porco blacks out again and recovers skimming above the sea. When he awakes he discovers that he has been turned into a pig, believing this to be a divine punishment for fleeing the fight.This aspect of the story has parallels to Roald Dahl's short story They Shall Not Grow Old.{{Cite web}}{{Cite web}} The next day, the duel is arranged and a large crowd gathers on an island to observe. With the attendants betting heavily on the outcome, the contest begins. After an indecisive dogfight between Porco and Curtis, which soon dissolves into a bare fist boxing match, Gina appears to stop the fight and to warn the crowd that the Italian air force has been alerted and are on their way. Porco barely manages to win the fight upon her arrival, and hands Fio over to her, requesting Gina to look after her. With the crowd gone, Porco and Curtis agree to delay the air force together, whilst Curtis asks to see Porco's face, suggesting perhaps he may have been transformed back into a human. An epilogue reveals that Fio becomes president of Piccolo, which is now an aircraft manufacturer, Curtis becomes a Hollywood star, the pirates continue to attend the Hotel Adriano, and it is suggested that Porco proposes to Gina."] ['Set in 1999, Tokyo is undergoing a huge re-development program: old suburbs are being demolished and man-made islands are being constructed in Tokyo Bay under the Babylon Project. Dominating the scene is the "Ark," a huge man-made island that serves at the Project\'s nerve center and chief Labor manufacturing facility. However, several of the Labors being used in Tokyo, specifically those built by Shinohara Heavy Industries - suddenly go haywire even while unattended. The Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department\'s 2nd Special Vehicles Section  is assigned to help reel in the errant Labors, but only the SV2\'s Division II is on duty around the clock . The GSDF is also preoccupied as they send their own forces to stop an HOS-equipped HAL-X-10 Labor tank prototype. As Division II goes out on the field, team commander Captain Gotoh, Sgt Asuma Shinohara, and mechanic Shige Shiba work with police Detective Matsui to find further leads on the case. They discover that all the errant Labors, plus other Labors in the Greater Tokyo Area, were installed with the company\'s new Hyper Operating System  software and can be triggered by high-frequency resonance emanating from wind-struck high-rise buildings. To SV2 pilot Noa Izumi\'s relief, no copies of the software were installed in Division II\'s AV98 Ingram police Labors. They also learn that HOS programmer Eiichiro Hoba - who committed suicide days before - was obsessed with the Babylon Project\'s Biblical references  and planted a bug in the code that would cause the Labor to malfunction. A computer simulation predicts that gale-force winds acting on the Ark could send all the Labors in Tokyo into a massive rampage, especially since the Ark\'s size and steel framework helps the resonance reach farther. Worse, the weather bureau announces that a typhoon is expected to hit Tokyo within two days. Gotoh discreetly gets clearance from the MPD leadership to destroy the Ark as Shige tries to dig up more evidence of Hoba\'s guilt to justify the operation. Kanuka Clancy returns from the US to help in the raid. Division II attaches flotation bags to their vehicles and head out to the Ark. Malfunctioning HOS-equipped Labors engage the team as soon as they land on the Ark. Ingram pilots Noa and Ohta, plus Kanuka in a hijacked AV-X0 Type Zero police Labor prototype, buys time for Hiromi, Asuma and Shinshi to break into the control room and activate the Ark\'s self-destruct sequence. However, Kanuka loses control over the Type Zero in the chaos because it runs on HOS as well. Trapped by the Type Zero in one of the last remaining ledges, Noa climbs out of her damaged Ingram and fires her shotgun into the Labor’s P-RAM system to finally shut it down. With the successful destruction of the Ark, SV2 sends choppers to rescue the team.'] ['Ayato Kamina and his classmate, Haruka "Reika Mishima", are in middle school and are a young couple, still dealing with some awkwardness. However, the sudden appearance of visitors from an alternate dimension, the "Mu", tears the two apart. All of Tokyo is enveloped in the giant hemispherical Absolute Barrier, which looks very similar to Jupiter, and they become separated into the world inside and the world outside. Three years later, Ayato, who was left inside, has become a high school student. He has been taught that the world outside has been obliterated and feels as though his memories of Haruka are a distant vision. But one day, invaders from outside attack, and Tokyo is engulfed in the fires of war. And as Ayato runs about in confusion, a woman appears before him. The woman says her name is Haruka Shitow and tries to take Ayato outside the Absolute Barrier, saying, "I\'ll tell you the truth." The truth is, her identity is his former girlfriend, Haruka Mishima. But now, she is 12 years his senior...The power of the Absolute Barrier had delayed the advancement of time inside. That was something Ayato\'s mother, Maya Kamina, had plotted solely for the purpose of his awakening. Maya was in fact the leader of the Mu. And as Ayato was the tuner of time, who held the fate of the world in his hands...a person who had the ability to reform the world that had been torn apart into the Mu and Earth. Ayato awakens during his escape with Haruka. He is drawn to the giant in the image of a God, "RahXephon", and ends up aboard it. After the RahXephon detroys the Mu super-weapon, "Dolem", it escapes Tokyo with Haruka. Having the Mu\'s Dolem with the RahXephon. Haruka can only support Ayato in his battles, not even being able to bring herself to tell him who she is. There was an even more cruel fate awaiting the two. When Ayato achieves true awakening and become one with the RahXephon, the world stands upon the brink of destruction. In order to prevent this from happening, Haruka must kill Ayato, whom she has finally found once again. Will Haruka be able to tell him how she feels and save Ayato and the world?'] ["Naruto Uzumaki, Kakashi Hatake, Sakura Haruno, and Rock Lee are assigned to protect the prince of the Land of the Moon, Michiru, during his world trip; other escorts had been hired, but quit due to being treated poorly. The Land of the Moon is a very wealthy nation, so Michiru tends to buy whatever he wants, and has a very materialistic worldview. His son, Hikaru, also acts in much the same manner, annoying Naruto. During the trip, the caravan stops at a circus, during which Hikaru shot an apple that was in one of the circus acts. Amused, the ring master said if he can hit the apple with the monkey holding it moving he'll get a prize. Hikaru made the shot. Hikaru took a liking to a rare sabertoothed tiger, Chamu, featured there, so he asked for it. The ringmaster claimed it to big and dangerous to take as a prize. Michiru ended up purchasing not only the saber toothe, but the whole circus as well, placing it under the team's protection. Before heading to the docks, they stop at the house of Michiru's ex-wife Amayo. At the docks, Hikaru attempts to befriend the tiger, but finds that it dislikes humans. He loses interest in the circus and during a sea voyage, when a storm hits, he appears unconcerned about the animals' well-being, causing Naruto to become disgusted at his lack of value for them. Upset by Naruto's view of him, Hikaru goes out to help Chamu get to safety, and Naruto saves both of them after they wash overboard. The next day, Naruto and Hikaru become friends. After returning to the Land of the Moon, the team finds that the country has been taken over by Shabadaba, one of the nobles and a former friend of Michiru's father Kakeru. Having hired three powerful ninjas to assist him, Shabadaba has disposed of Kakeru and plans to do the same with Michiru and Hikaru, the remaining heirs to the throne. He orders the military forces to kill them all, but the team is able to escape with the help of Korega, a soldier captain who leads the soldiers that are still loyal to the king. Escaping to a hidden cave, Michiru finds that his father is still alive, but Sakura, although able to heal his petrified arm, is only able to keep him alive for a little while. Kakeru revealed that he had suspected that something like this would happen, and arranged for the journey to keep Michiru out of harm's way. Before dying, Kakeru tells Michiru and Hikaru that people are truly important in life, not material goods. During an attempt to escape the country by boat, Ishidate, Kongou, and Karenbana  alongside the soldiers on Shabadaba's side attack. Ishidate, Kongou, and Karenbana disable Naruto, Kakashi, Sakura, and Lee with sense-dulling poison that slows their reactions. The prince is captured by the soldiers, but the emergence of Naruto's fox chakra allows him to repel the attacking ninja before Hikaru can be taken. At the castle, Shabadaba's reasons for taking over the country are revealed to be purely material, the same things Michiru considers important as he intends to use the nation's wealth for himself rather than the people. Michiru is disgusted by Shadabada's attitude, and realizes the truth of what his father had said. Shabadaba decides to put him to death, by a drawn-out hanging: he has Michiru balance on a board of wood not strong enough to support his weight while wearing a noose, ensuring that sooner or later he will fall and be hanged. With the help of the circus Michiru purchased earlier, Kakashi's team makes a rescue attempt with Hikaru and the rogue soldiers, infiltrating the palace by disguising as members of the circus. One by one, Kakashi and his team fight individual battles: Kakashi fights the many soldiers in the courtyard while each of the Genin fight one of the ninja. Lee wields a pair of nun-chuks that have the ability to connect to other staffs hidden in his leg weights, creating weapons such as a long staff and a chain whip. He defeats Kongou after some effort and by driving him down through the floor to the bottom level with a ferocious burst of punches from above. Sakura is able to dispatch Karenbana's poison and genjutsu-using opponent by shattering a chandelier to locate her by watching where she moves and subsequently defeat her with one powerful punch. Naruto fights against Ishidate while helping Hikaru reach his father. Hikaru shoots an arrow, severing the rope around Michiru's neck, and Naruto's shadow clones catch Michiru and Hikaru. Ishidate is enraged and attempts to kill Naruto, but Shadabada orders him to deal with Michiru. Ishidate then turns on Shadabada accidentally petrifying him when he grabs the collar of his robe. In the penultimate scene, Naruto, having had his leg disabled by his opponent's strange petrification jutsu, rides on Michiru's back to attack with his Crescent Moon Rasengan which reflects the light of the moon in such a manner that it grows and takes on a crescent shape. He hits Ishidate with this attack, sending him flying and destroying Shadabada's stone remains. After Ishidate's defeat, Michiru takes the throne of the country and promises to rule as his father did. As Kakashi is immobilized due to overuse of the Sharingan, his team decides to take a vacation in the Moon Country while he recovers. In the post credits scene when Kakashi's group leaves, Michiru tells Hikaru that he will one day rekindle his relationship with Amayo."] [' In 2046, the overpopulation of Earth has led to the colonization of Mars—with the aid of the "first type" androids, men were able to begin terraforming the unfriendly environment of Mars and build the city Saint Lowell. Seventy years after the start of colonization, the city is completed and inhabited by great numbers of people and "Second type" robots, much improved versions of the "First types". Ross Syllibus, a middle-aged policeman from Chicago, flies to Saint Lowell using a space shuttle. Syllibus asked to be transferred to the Martian Police Department to escape from his past and haunting memories of his beloved one being killed by a robot. At the Saint Lowell\'s space port he is to meet his new partner—a young woman named Naomi Armitage. On the same shuttle as Syllibus travels Kelly McCannon—"the last country singer in the Universe". As the shuttle nears the terminal, a mysterious man is seen entering the cargo section; soon after this, the intruder is noticed and the alarms go off. Later, as Ross gets off the shuttle, he witnesses a disturbing scene at the airport. He bumps into the mysterious man with a big suitcase and two guards. Soon after that, Armitage orders the men to stop and get their hands up. Puzzled, Ross notices a few drops of blood spilling from the mysterious man\'s suitcase. The two robot guards are killed by Armitage and the mysterious man is wounded, but flees. However, he leaves his suitcase behind—inside of which is the dead body of Kelly McCannon. To everybody\'s surprise and horror, McCannon turns out to be a robot: a new, never-seen-before "Third type" android that is superficially identical to humans. Later, the mysterious man hacks into the public television system and replays the security camera footage. The tape shows the man killing Kelly McCannon and reveals the fact of her being a robot to the entire city. The mysterious man, René D\'anclaude, reveals that the Third types have been among the regular people for a long time and nobody can tell them apart from humans. He also reveals a list of Thirds—and it turns out that a lot of well-known people are actually robots. Riots begin in the city as people start to capture and burn all the Thirds they can find. Meanwhile, René D\'anclaude proceeds with his extermination of the Thirds. The two main characters start their investigation and eventually find out, that the victims are women. One of the dying victims sends out a message with the list of Thirds to save them from being slaughtered. Armitage receives it and pursues D\'anclaude. Armitage is eventually revealed to be a third and goes into hiding as the police hunt for her. Ross seeks her out as she enlists the help of a male third named Julian Moore. D\'anclaude then attacks them and is revealed to be a second. While the police drop the case with D\'anclaude\'s supposed capture, Armitage and Julian search a databank for information on her origins. Armitage eventually defeats D\'anclaude, but is too late to stop Julian from being killed. She and Ross break into the hospital D\'anclaude was recovering in, branding themselves as criminals after the rescue. Armitage and Ross later go off in search of her "father", Dr. Asakura, only to learn he had lost his mind, as explained by a gentler, reprogrammed version of D\'anclaude, living with delusions of creating "Fourths". His line of assassinroids were used by the government to kill Thirds so that there will be fewer birth rates on Mars, meaning the planet will have to ally with Earth, which they just did, to receive immigrants. During their time at Asakura\'s facility, Ross and Armitage fall in love. The next day, after Asakura deactivates Armitage so he can install angelical wings and particle cannons on her chassis, the military kills Asakura and Armitage and Ross eventually finish off the military. Months later, Ross returns to Mars, using false IDs, however Armitage throws hers away after Ross Sylibus\' arrival. Ross learns that he is going to be a father.  Set some years after the original plot, this film follows Naomi Armitage as she investigates a military attack on robotics plant on Earth. It had been several years since the events of the previous OVA. Naomi Armitage and Ross Sylibus, now living under assumed identities, are living in St. Lowell on Mars, along with their daughter Yoko. Ross now works for a company seeking to restore oceans to Mars by using ice asteroids. However, a new effort to restore the Third project prompts Naomi to travel to Earth to figure out what is happening. Meanwhile, Ross saves a facility from a group of terrorists and is declared a Martian hero. When Armitage arrives on Earth, she confronts Colonel Strings, hero of the First Error, which was a suppression of a robot uprising, which in reality, was to cover up the existence of the Thirds. But then he is shot by agents of an Earth Robotronics Corporation. Its vice president, Demetrio Mardini, asks Armitage to give the data on how Thirds can conceive so humanity can create a race of beings who exist to serve. She refuses so he resorts to force and unleashes a robot that scrambles her eyes. She manages to use her telepresence abilities to hack into its system and overload it. She then escapes but is damaged and is found by a repairer third named Mouse, who prides himself on his skill and frequently brags that he\'s a "genius". However, Mouse is also an informant to Demetrio and presents the data he found on Armitage; but he only got the recent data and Demetrio wants the conception data. Mouse claims that he did not know about the conception data, and also that if it existed it would be with what he gave him; but Demetrio refuses to believe either of these and tries to brutally force it with two clones of Armitage, who severely injure Mouse. He does not get anything and throws Mouse in the trash. Mouse swears revenge. Back on Mars, prime minister Fredrick O\'Hara sends Ross to Earth to represent the planet in the support of robot rights, promising amnesty from the charges against them. However, Demetrio\'s agents captured Yoko while Ross was away from the hotel, and is threatened that he will not see Yoko again if he votes for the Rights Bill,. With a little reluctance, Ross remains neutral on the bill. Demetrio\'s agents, however, reveal that they were planning on killing Ross from the start, contrary to their deal. After a car chase, Armitage is able to save him at the very last moment. Together, they vow to rescue their daughter. They storm Demetrio\'s compound; Armitage deals with Demetrio while Ross saves Yoko. The same robot Armitage encountered earlier had been upgraded to withstand her telepresence attack. Meanwhile, Ross manages to locate Yoko in a freezer. Elsewhere, Demetrio demands the secret in exchange for forgetting the damages they committed against him and his company. Armitage lures him closer, presumably to tell him what he wants to know; but she ends up kicking him in the crotch and telling him that Third conception is not simply data, it is about true love. With that she escapes again, forcing Demetrio to unleash the clones on her. She manages to evade the two and meets up with Ross and Yoko. Yoko is overjoyed to see her mother but recoils when she sees Armitage\'s metal shoulder that was scraped off by the clones. Just then, they attack. While Armitage holds them off, Ross and Yoko make their way to an unused space elevator. It is here that Yoko shows that she has a photographic memory, leading them to the space elevator whose location she determined from a map she saw minutes beforehand . Soon, Armitage flees to Mouse, who repairs the damage and gives her a program that will allow her to go beyond her limited fighting abilities. He tells her that the password is "Heaven\'s Door"; but that if she exceeds more than her internal battery can handle, she will "be knocking at the Pearly Gates for real". She also has him do her one more favor: broadcast the footage of the Third massacre attempts all over Earth and Mars . This compels Demetrio to command the clones to prevent the family from leaving. After both clones are beaten, Demetrio tries having the elevator\'s defenses fired on their shuttle only to be killed by the last remaining clone, who is at the time controlled by what was left of Julian Moore in Poly-Matrix. Without Demetrio\'s authorization, the turrets do nothing. A hologram of Julian Moore then appears, wishing the family goodbye. The movie ends with the family enjoying a day at the beach on Mars, on Naomi\'s birthday. In a post-credits scene, Mouse salvages one of the Armitage clones for himself. It is then unknown what happens next in the Armitage series.'] ["The film opens with InuYasha and his companions succeeding in killing Naraku. The group subsequently splits, leaving InuYasha, Kagome, and Shippo searching for the remainder of the Shikon Jewel shards without Miroku or Sango. Kagura and Kanna, the two surviving incarnations of Naraku, are restless now that Naraku is dead. They find a mirror in a shrine and awaken Kaguya, Princess of the Heavens. In exchange for freeing her, Kaguya promises to grant Kagura her eternal freedom. Kagura and Kanna set out to recover five items that will free Kaguya from her mirror, leading them to cross paths once again with InuYasha and his friends. Kaguya, desiring to stop time, kidnaps Kagome, who is able to put up a barrier against her spells. The remainder of the group reunite in Kaguya's realm of mirrors in order to retrieve Kagome. Kaguya, intending to enslave InuYasha, attempts to transform him in to a full-fledged demon. The spell is broken by Kagome, who kisses InuYasha for the first time in order to stop the transformation. Naraku reappears, revealing that he had purposely faked his death to absorb Kaguya. Naraku, unable to fight on equal terms, then escapes with Kohaku, Kagura, and Kanna. Kagome then combines her power with that of Miroku as she launches a piece of his staff in the form of an arrow and destroys Kaguya's mirror. InuYasha then destroys Kaguya's physical form. Kaguya appears in a gas-like form and tries to take control of Kagome's body but ends up being sucked into Miroku's wind tunnel. Everyone escapes back to the normal world through Kaguya's mirror as her palace collapses."] ["The year is 2071, a few days before Halloween. An unknown pathogen is being released in the capital city of Mars, and the government has issued a 300 million woolong reward, the largest bounty in history, for the capture of whoever is behind it. The bounty hunter crew of the spaceship Bebop; Spike, Faye, Jet, Ed and Ein, take the case with hopes of cashing in the great bounty. But the mystery surrounding the man responsible, Vincent Volaju, goes deeper than they ever imagined, and they are not the only ones hunting him. The original creators of the pathogen have dispatched an agent named Electra to deal with Vincent, as well as take out anyone who might uncover the truth behind his murderous crusade against the Martian government. As the hunt for the man with no past and no future continues to escalate, the fate of Mars rests with the Bebop crew, a responsibility they aren't so sure they can handle."] ['The film focuses on Celebi, who travels to the future with a boy named Sam while being chased by a hunter. Meanwhile, Ash, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu are on their way to the next gym in their Johto journey and get a lift from a man named Maki, who takes them to his hometown of Arborville. They see a Suicune . When they plan to enter a forest that is claimed to have many unusual and rare Pokémon, they are warned by an elderly lady about the "Voice of the Forest", which may carry a person off to a different period in time unless those hearing it stand still. Ash finds Sam alone in the forest as Celebi has fled. Sam awakens and discovers he is 40 years in the future from when he was. He, Ash, and the others search for Celebi and they find it in a tree. After some convincing, the gang manage to gain Celebi\'s trust. They run into a high-ranking member of Team Rocket, the Iron Masked Marauder, who has been trying to capture Celebi. Jessie, James, and Meowth also team up with the Iron Masked Marauder to capture Celebi. The heroes take Celebi to its home, the Lake of Life, where it is healed by the water. The group spend the night in the forest. The next day, Celebi is captured by the Iron Masked Marauder and is turned evil by the Dark Ball, a ball with special powers that turns the captured Pokémon evil, and immensly strengthen their target. Ash attempts to save Celebi by climbing the Marauder\'s robot, which falls over and throws them both out. Ash lands on the ground, but the Marauder begins to step on his hand; it keeps doing this until Ash falls unconscious. The Iron Masked Marauder orders Celebi create a giant monster from parts of the forest. The heroes chase after Celebi in Maki\'s flying boat, but are brought down by the evil Celebi\'s attacks. The Iron Masked Marauder tries to kill Ash and Sam, but Suicune saves them. Brock sends out his Onix, and it and Suicune do battle with the Masked Marauder\'s evil Tyranitar, while Ash, Sam, and Pikachu clamber into Celebi\'s creature and manage to get Celebi to remember its memories, successfully bringing Celebi back to normal, and destroying the Iron Masked Marauder\'s Dark Balls in the process, releasing his Scizor, Sneasel, and Tyranitar. With the collapse of the giant monster, the Iron Masked Marauder falls into the lake. The other heroes rush to the lake\'s edge and find Ash and Sam with Celebi, who suddenly falls limp. Ash and Sam realize Celebi is dead and everyone weeps, while the Pokémon of the forest howl in grief. However, the Voice of the Forest materializes in the sky and numerous of Celebi appear and resurrect Celebi. The Iron Masked Marauder suddenly appears and kidnaps Celebi and flies up with a jetpack, but Ash and Pikachu hold onto him as he flies away. Pikachu destroys the Masked Marauder\'s jetpack with a "ThunderBolt" attack and they fall to Earth, but Celebi saves them. The Iron Masked Marauder falls down to the forest floor  and is confronted by the old woman, her granddaughter Diana, Maki, and all the Pokémon of the forest. Celebi prepares to bring Sam back to his own time. He has an emotional farewell with Ash and departs with Celebi. Before Ash leaves the town into his next journey, he talks to Professor Oak about what happened, and muses about the story. Professor Oak tells a sad Ash that he and Sam are going to be friends forever. Ash, Brock, and Misty realise they never told Professor Oak Sam\'s name, but are soon distracted by the departing boat. Professor Oak is then shown with the sketch-book from earlier in the film, revealing that Professor Oak  is the grown-up Sam. He finally reveals it happened like it was only yesterday, after musing on a sketch he drew of a sleeping Pikachu and Celebi.'] ['In 1982, Taeko is 27 years old, unmarried, has lived her whole life in Tokyo and now works at a company there. She decides to take another trip to visit her elder sisters-in-law in the rural countryside to help with the safflower harvest and get away from city life. While traveling at night on a sleeper train to Yamagata, she begins to recall memories of herself as a schoolgirl in 1966, and her intense desire to go on holiday like her classmates, all of whom have family outside of the big city. During her stay in Yamagata, she finds herself increasingly nostalgic and wistful for her childhood self, while simultaneously wrestling with adult issues of career and love. The trip dredges up forgotten memories  — the first stirrings of childish romance, puberty and growing up, the frustrations of math and boys. In lyrical switches between the present and the past, Taeko wonders if she has been true to the dreams of her childhood self. Finally, Taeko faces her own true self, how she views the world and the people around her, and has to decide what kind of person to become.'] ['{{Plot}} A small group of children on Horai Island watch as a Kikyo look-alike develops in a green orb, then stand in front of the Cauldron of Resonance while it comes to life. Four scars, the mark of the Four War Gods , appear on all of the children\'s backs except for the youngest girl, Ai. Asagi, the oldest, tells Ai to leave the island while she still does not bear the mark and says her goodbye. The Four War Gods find out that Ai has escaped and try to retrieve her, but InuYasha and the others defeat Goura and save Ai, who later asks InuYasha to save the others on Horai Island. Later, while Ai rests, InuYasha explains the myth of Horai Island, a place that appears once every fifty years. He remembers fifty years ago, when Kikyo took him to the island to meet the half-demon children. Suddenly, the Four War Gods appeared. Gora sucked some of Kikyo\'s blood , and Ryuura marks InuYasha\'s back with the scar, saying that he would never be free from them once he has the scar on him. The gang decides to head to Horai Island to investigate. The villagers panic upon seeing the island. In a small hut, Kikyo listens to a man\'s tale of Horai Island, then leaves, saying she will defeat the demons. The rest of the villagers rush to the shrine and start praying for divine protection when Kyoura appears, who proceeds to burn down the shrine and kill many of the villagers. Sesshomaru arrives and drives Kyoura off with his Dragon Strike. After the battle, he remembers back to his first encounter with Kyoura, when he was marked by the scar. As InuYasha and company near the island, Juura appears and fires his Thunder Cannon at them, destroying their boat. Miroku and Sango fly away on Kirara, pursued by Juura, while InuYasha, Kagome and Ai escape to the beach, where they meet Ryuura. In the ensuing fight, Ryuura easily deflects InuYasha\'s Wind Scar with his Earth Dragon Gale, then calls upon his Dragon Lightning and nearly kills InuYasha, but Kagome stops him by firing a sacred arrow. Ryuura is forced to retreat, but not before he hurls some insults at InuYasha. Ai leads the group to the village, where they find Asagi singing the "Song of Parting." together with the other four children. When InuYasha reveals his plan to confront the Four War Gods, Asagi begs him to reconsider, saying they\'ll all be killed. The gang learns that Asagi is going to sacrifice herself to the Cauldron of Resonance, and she argues that her death will allow the others to live a little longer. They all follow Asagi to the Cauldron, where InuYasha attempts to destroy the Cauldron with no success. Suddenly, he and Asagi are pulled into the Cauldron as it closes. On the outside, the rest of the gang and the children try to open the doors, while on the inside, InuYasha feels his strength waning. Then, Lady Kanade, the priestess who fought the Four War Gods fifty years ago, appears and lends her strength to InuYasha, along with the War Gods\' power spheres, telling him to destroy it as soon as possible, and that it must never be opened. In return, she asks InuYasha to save the children, then gives her blessing to Asagi before she disappears. InuYasha calls upon Adamant Barrage and destroys the door to the Cauldron, accidentally breaking Kagome\'s bow in the process. Just then, a Kikyo look-alike appears and takes the power spheres from InuYasha. He chases her to the War Gods, where she opens the box, releasing the spheres to their owners. While Kagome, Shippo and the children attempt to make a raft to escape, the Kikyo doppelganger attacks InuYasha. At the Cauldron of Resonance, Sesshomaru appears and finds Kyoura waiting for him. Sesshomaru easily defeats him with another Dragon Strike. Meanwhile, Miroku and Sango fly on Kirara to confront Juura and the resurrected Goura. Using his Wind Tunnel, Miroku redirects Goura\'s blasts so that it hits Juura, before Sango finishes him off with Hiraikotsu. Meanwhile, InuYasha battles with the Kikyo doppelganger and is about to lose when the true Kikyo appears and defeats the impostor, then leaves her bow behind. InuYasha finds Ryuura attacking Kagome and the children, and kills him with his Wind Scar. With only Goura remaining, Miroku spears Gora\'s head with his staff, greatly weakening it. With InuYasha\'s Backlash Wave, he kills the last War God. However, the battle does not end here. All the power spheres combine to create one final War God who seems unstoppable. Kagome knows only a combination of her sacred arrow and InuYasha\'s Backlash Wave can destroy it, but she cannot fight because her bow was broken. However, the fireflies  lead the children to Kikyo\'s bow, and they bring it to Kagome. Finally, Kagome\'s arrow purified the War Gods\'s attack and, with the fireflies\' blessing, InuYasha unleashes his Backlash Wave plus the addition of his Adamant Barrage, which killed them. As the gang and the children leave the island, watching as the island vanish in to the broken time line and Disappearing out of sight, putting the myth of Horai Island to rest. As the credits roll, it is indicated that the children spend some time with the gang at Kaede\'s village before departing as a group of six to face the world by themselves.'] ['Child prodigy Hiroki Sawada—who, by the age of ten, is already a MIT grad student and has developed a DNA Tracker software—has been under the guardianship of Thomas Schindler, owner of the software giant Schindler, Inc., since his mother died. One night, in a heavily guarded room at the top of the Schindler building where Hiroki lives, he finishes an artificial intelligence system, Noah\'s Ark, and sends the software through the telephone lines. The guards become suspicious and try to enter his room. They discover that Hiroki leapt off the building to his death. Two years later, at the Beika City Hall, Schindler, Inc., holds a demonstration of a virtual reality game called Cocoon. The Detective Boys are invited to the demonstration but cannot participate without special badges. Doctor Agasa and Booker Kudo arrive at the City Hall. Agasa gives Conan Edogawa a badge, and the other Detective Boys exchanging Premium Golden Yaiber Cards for badges. They all use the badges and participate in the demo. In another room, Conan discovers the corpse of Kashimura, a top employee of Schindler, Inc., and his dying message on a keyboard: J-T-R. He decides to participate in the demonstration, hoping that the game would lead him to an answer. Booker finds out that J-T-R stands for "Jack The Ripper". When the demonstration begins, Hiroki\'s artificial intelligence system, Noah\'s Ark, takes control of the game system Cocoon. It tells the audience that if all fifty kids in the demonstration lose the game, it will kill the kids with a large electromagnetic burst. The kids in the demonstration are given a choice of five stages in the game, and Conan and the Detective Boys choose the fifth, a re-creation of a 19th century London mystery. Conan and his friends track down 221B Baker Street, only to find that Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson are at Dartmoor. Since Holmes cannot help, the kids find Sebastian Moran and Professor Moriarty. Moriarty tells Conan that he trained Jack the Ripper when Jack was a street urchin. The professor gives the children a clue about the next victim, who turns out to be Irene Adler, Holmes\'s only love. In the real world, Booker investigates the case. Booker reveals that the murderer is the company\'s president, Thomas Schindler. Schindler is a descendant of Jack the Ripper who will stop at nothing to hide his secret. Schindler is immediately arrested. One by one, the children “die,” until only three are left: Conan, Rachel Moore, and another child, Hideki Moroboshi. They follow Jack the Ripper to a runaway train, and the murderer leads them to the top of the train. There, Jack the Ripper ties himself to Rachel and threatens Conan. To save Conan, Rachel sacrifices herself by jumping off the train and into a ravine, taking the Ripper with her. As Conan begins to lose hope, Sherlock Holmes appears and gives Conan some useful advice that eventually helps Conan and Hideki survive the game. After winning the game, Conan reveals that Hideki is actually the Ark in disguise. All the children are released from the demonstration, and the Noah\'s Ark destroys itself.'] ['The film begins with a narration of the story as told by Cervantes, but the narrator is interrupted by the donkey Rucio  who insists on telling the "true" story of the adventure: Don Quixote  was not crazy, but in fact an intelligent and passionate person. In Rucio\'s re-telling of his adventure with Don Quixote and his squire, Sancho Panza , we learn that Rucio wishes he were Quixote\'s horse, and that that the horse, Rocinante , hates leaving his stable. As it develops, Dulcinea  has a difficult time choosing between the knight and his wealthy sidekick. The rivalry between Quixote and Panza leads the two on a journey across Spain to Barcelona as they both vie for the beautiful woman\'s affections. To defend his honor among the imposters, the real Quixote must duel and win against the Knight of the Moon in order to learn the true identity of Dulcinea.'] ['The film is set in the futuristic Metro City, a metropolis which floats in the sky above the polluted "Surface". Metro City\'s population is aided by a multitude of different robots who are dumped on the Surface when broken or disused. Toby, son of Dr. Tenma, learns that his father is going to show President Stone, the militaristic leader of the city, the Peacekeeper, a new guardian robot that he\'s been working on. Doctor Elefun, one of Tenma\'s colleagues, introduces Stone to the Blue and Red Cores, two energy spheres mined from a star fragment, that produce energy which can power robots via positive and negative energy, respectively. Stone places the Red Core in the Peacekeeper, causing it to go out of control. The Peacekeeper tries to attack the humans, but Tenma puts a barrier between them. Meanwhile, Toby has been released early from school, and rewires Orrin, his family\'s robot, in order to attend the Ministry of Science\'s demonstration of the Peacekeeper. Seeking to have a closer look at the Peacekeeper, Toby enters the same room as the robot, only for the Peacekeeper\'s first attempt to destroy the barrier to backfire with the result that Toby is totally annihilated. After the Peacekeeper is stopped by security forces, Dr. Tenma, wracked with despair, builds an identical robotic clone of Toby, using DNA from a strand of his hair to obtain his memories, which will make the robot think he is Toby. He also powers the robot with the positive blue core. The robot quickly comes to life, and Tenma brings him home. Tenma quickly realizes that while the robot possesses Toby\'s memories, it is not exactly like his original son, as the robot\'s higher mental and physical powers frequently remind him. Tenma had initially included the robot\'s powers in order to prevent his "son" from being destroyed again. Unaware that he is a robot, Toby tries to figure out why he can understand the language of some robot cleaners and discovers he can fly via rocket-boosters hidden in his shoes. He discovers various other abilities and heads home to tell his father, only to find that Tenma and Elefun are discussing deactivating him. Tenma reveals to Toby that he is a robot. President Stone\'s men detect the Blue Core\'s energy signature and pursue Toby. Stone calls in the Spirit of Freedom: a massive, heavily-armed, flying battleship. Rendered unconscious, Toby falls off the floating city and lands in the junkyard below. He meets several children including Cora, a girl who left Metro City after her parents neglected her, and a robotic dog named Trashcan. Toby meets the Robot Revolution Front: Sparx, Robotsky and Mike the Fridge, who easily identify Toby as a robot and rename him "Astro". Astro goes along with his new name and lives with the children and their fatherly figure, Hamegg, who appears to care for broken robots, but secretly treats robots just as callously as Stone, and also runs the Robot Games: destructive gladiatorial matches in which robots are forced to fight to the death. Astro and his friends find an offline construction robot named ZOG, and Astro secretly revives ZOG. The kids bring him back and clean him up for the Hamegg games. Later that night, Astro comes across Cora trying to call Metrocity. She reveals to him that she actually has parents and was worried if they even missed her. Astro promises not to tell and tries to tell her his secret but can\'t. The next day at the Hamegg games, Hamegg betrays Astro, learning of him being a robot, and pits Astro against other robots in the Robot Games. Unable to simply leave, Astro reluctantly destroys all the robots. Hamegg releases ZOG for Astro to fight, but both refuse to fight one another. Stone and his men arrive then and arrest Astro. They take him back to the Ministry of Science, where Tenma is asked to remove the Blue Core; however, at the last moment, he has a change of heart, accepting that even if Astro is not Toby, he is still his son, and allows Astro to escape. Stone places the Red Core into the Peacekeeper again, only for it to absorb him and take on his consciousness. Astro and Stone fight across the city, demolishing most of the buildings and causing the city to begin crashing to Earth. Astro is able to slow Metro City\'s decent by flying underneath and pushing upwards with his leg-rockets. Cora, the other children, and the Robot Revolution try to help to bring down the Peacekeeper/Stone fusion. Stone catches Astro and is about to absorb him, but when the Blue and Red Cores clash, he lets Astro out due to the close proximity of the two Cores causing him great pain. Astro lands in a building, where he reunites with Tenma. Tenma tells him that if the Blue Core and Red Core come together, Astro and the Peacekeeper will both die. Astro decides that this was the reason he was made, and flies straight toward Stone, crashing into him and merging the Cores which destroys the Peacekeeper and frees Stone . However, with both Cores drained of energy, Astro is deactivated. Cora, Dr. Elefun and others find Astro\'s body. ZOG transfers some of his Blue Core energy  to Astro; with the catalyst restarted, the Blue Core once more becomes a limitless source of energy, so Astro is easily revived and his wounds automatically heal. Astro is reunited with Dr. Tenma, and Cora finds and makes up with her parents. Stone awakes, only to be arrested by his own troops. When an alien life-form appears over the city, the movie ends with Astro flying up to battle it.'] ['Another retelling of the Dragon Ball story. This time, young Goku and young Krillin are training with Master Roshi for a World Martial Arts Tournament to be held in the country of Mifan. The Emperor of Mifan, Chiaotzu, is trying to find his lost "Ran Ran." "Minister" Master Shen has Emperor Pilaf work on a Dragon Radar, takes it from him, and is using it to locate the Dragon Balls. Shen and his brother, Mercenary Tao claim that they\'ll use the wish from Shenron to locate Ran Ran, but are actually planning, with Tien\'s help, to kill Chiaotzu and take over the country. General Blue announces that Ran Ran is being held in Shen\'s room, and is killed by Tao for it. Bora and Upa have located the final Dragon Ball and they take it to Mifan to use it to demand that Mifan\'s soldiers be forced to leave the land near Korin Tower. Bora is tricked into entering the Tournament , and is then killed by Tao. Bulma, Oolong, Launch and Pu-erh are looking for the other six Dragon Balls, so Bulma can wish for a boyfriend. However, when the Dragon Balls are located, they are accidentally dropped to the bottom of the moat surrounding Chiaotzu castle. Tien realizes that he likes Chiaotzu too much, and doesn\'t kill his friend; instead, he blows away Shen. The story of Blue and Goku entering Penguin village is included, but this time it is Tao and Goku that meet Arale and Goku kills Tao with Arale\'s help. Goku throws the final ball into the moat, and asks Shenron to resurrect Bora.'] ['The 10th Division, led by Tōshirō Hitsugaya and Rangiku Matsumoto is sent to escort an artifact known as the "King\'s Seal", which is stolen during transport from the Soul Society by an unidentified and masked Soul Reaper and two mysterious Arrancar resembling girls who control fire and lightning. During the attack, Hitsugaya corners and seems to recognize the Soul Reaper, who wounds him and leaves. In the middle of battle, Hitsugaya abandons his post to pursue him and leaves his squad behind to fend for themselves. After the battle, Soul Society suspects Hitsugaya of treason and orders his immediate capture. The whole 10th Squad is then put under house arrest at which time they can surmise whether or not the division should be abolished. With the whole of Soul Society looking for Hitsugaya, Ichigo as a soul reaper on patrol accidentally stumbles upon 2nd Division Captain Soi Fon while she is conducting an investigation of the transport site. Soi Fon informs him of the events happening in the Soul Society and dispels the kido surrounding them. As Soi Fon disappears, Uryu Ishida meets with Ichigo and Tōshirō makes his presence known and passes out in front of them. Awakening in the Kurosaki residence, Tōshirō abandons his Captain\'s Robe and replaces it with the thief\'s cloak, and when confronted by Ichigo about leaving, refuses to explain what\'s happening. In the midst of their discussion, Ichigo is attacked by the two previous arrancar before he can force the issue. Tōshirō escapes, and continues to avoid an attempt of capture by Izuru Kira and Shuhei Hisagi, and things only look worse when the deviated Soul Reaper thief, identified as Former Soul Reaper Sōjirō Kusaka, uses Hyōrinmaru, a zanpakutō with identical powers to Hitsugaya\'s, to injure 8th Division Captain Shunsui Kyōraku. The 6th Division is sent in to investigate this attack, with Byakuya Kuchiki confirming it to be done by Hyōrinmaru. Tōshirō\'s capture is then made top priority and his execution is approved. Meanwhile, back in the human world, Rukia has caught up with Ichigo. The group, along with Ishida, Orihime Inoue and Yasutora Sado exchange information, and Rukia reveals rather surprising, in-depth knowledge of Hitsugaya\'s personality, as well as some rather accurate guesses as to what Hitsugaya plans to do next. During the talk, Ichigo realizes what might be troubling Hitsugaya and leaves to find him. Through his wandering to avoid capture, Tōshirō eventually manages to track Sōjirō down, where it is revealed that the two managed to manifest the same zanpakutō. Because it is impossible for the same zanpakuto to be wielded in Soul Society, the two were forced to fight to the death by the Central 46 Chambers of Soul Society. Tōshirō did not wish to fight, but was left with no other option as Kusaka attacked, claiming that he was the only one worthy of Hyōrinmaru. In the fight, Kusaka is defeated by Tōshirō and the authorities concluded that Tōshirō was the true owner of Hyōrinmaru, with the Military Corps carrying out his execution. Cursing Soul Society and its authorities, Kusaka died and was reborn in Hueco Mundo, where he became a hollow and started his plans of revenge against the Soul Society. Once he learned of the King\'s Seal and its powers, which allows the user to freely manipulate time, space, and matter within a small space, he leapt at the opportunity to settle the score with both Hitsugaya and Soul Society. Using the King\'s Seal, Sōjirō teleports Tōshirō and himself to Sōkyoku Hill in Soul Society, needing the power of Tōshirō\'s bankai to break the seal. There, they are confronted by Ikkaku Madarame, Renji Abarai and Yumichika Ayasegawa. As the whole of Soul Society\'s forces led by Captain-Commander Shigekuni Yamamoto-Genryusai appear on top of the hill. They attack Tōshirō and Kusaka but are thrown back when Ichigo and Rukia intervene, having just arrived in Soul Society. In front of everyone, Tōshirō refuses and Sōjirō breaks the seal himself, having gained enough strength to do so himself, after which he transforms into a giant dragon-like creature made of ice. Kenpachi Zaraki attacks and is defeated by the Dragon Kusaka, who then proceeds to mould Soul Society\'s landscape at will. However, because he lacks the control which Tōshirō possesses, the power goes berserk and threatens to destroy Soul Society. The Soul Reapers try to attack Kusaka all at once, but are repelled by the immense powers of the King\'s Seal. Encountering Rangiku who had recovered his Captain\'s Robe from Renji given from Ichigo, he accepts it. Ichigo and Rukia meet up with them and are joined by Renji, Ikkaku and Yumichika. A hoard of hollows appears out of Kusaka\'s "castle" which he had generated out of the Kings\' Seal, and Yoruichi Shihoin and Soi Fon appear to defeat them. The group then splits up into two, and they both scale the castle. Battling with various Hollows, Menos and Adjuchas, they each formulate a strategy to attack Kusaka who is at the centre of the castle. Ichigo uses his Visored form while Tōshirō activates Bankai and they both storm up to the central tower, managing to destroy Sōjirō\'s dragon-like bankai form. Returned to his regular form, Sōjirō and Tōshirō have one last clash. Kusaka is defeated and dies, asking an incomplete question and finally understanding that he really wasn\'t worthy of Hyōrinmaru. In the end, Tōshirō is cleared of all charges and the King\'s Seal is restored, allowing Tōshirō to finally put his past to rest. The last scene ends with Tōshirō and Rangiku visiting Kusaka\'s grave, where Rangiku\'s lazy nature infers that the 10th Division is reformed.'] ["The Story is set in Japan beginning from the 1990s and ending in modern day, with each segment centered on a boy named Takaki Tōno. It is important to note that the first episode takes place during a time period when cell phones are uncommon and email has not yet reached the general populace.  Takaki Tōno quickly befriends Akari Shinohara when she transfers to his elementary school. They grow closer to each other due to similar interests and attitudes; for instance, they both prefer to stay inside during recess due to their seasonal allergies. As a result, they form a strong bond; they speak to each other using their given names without any form of honorifics, which is a sign of deep friendship and familiarity in Japan. This fact is lost in the movie's translation to English and other languages, which reduces the implied closeness of their relationship. Upon graduating from elementary school, Akari moves to Tochigi, due to her parents' jobs. The two keep in contact by writing letters, but eventually begin to drift apart. When Takaki learns that his family will be moving to Kagoshima, he decides to personally go see Akari, since they will be too far apart to visit each other at all after moving. He also prepares a letter for Akari, containing his feelings. However, during the journey he loses the letter and a severe snowstorm continuously delays Takaki's trip for several hours. As the two meet and share their first kiss, Takaki realizes they will never be together again. Stranded in a shed due to the snowstorm, they fall asleep after talking late into the night. Takaki departs the next morning, and they promise to continue writing to each other. As the train rolls away, Takaki thinks that the loss of his letter is not important any more after that kiss, while Akari silently looks at her own letter addressed to Takaki.  Takaki is now in the third year of senior high in Tanegashima, where the Tanegashima Space Center is located. Kanae Sumida, a classmate of Takaki, had fallen in love with him ever since meeting him in middle school, but does not have the courage to confess her feelings. She tries to spend time with him, waiting long after school for the chance to travel home together. However, Takaki appears ignorant to Kanae's feelings and treats her as a good friend. Kanae observes that Takaki is always writing emails to someone, or staring off into the distance as if searching for something far, far away. It is later shown that Takaki's emails are not being sent to anyone, and he has had recurring dreams which feature Akari. Despite Kanae's feelings, she eventually realizes that Takaki is looking for something far beyond what she can offer and decides against telling him how she feels.  It is 2008, where Takaki is now a computer programmer in Tokyo, and Akari is preparing to get married to someone. Kanae is not strongly depicted in this segment. Takaki is still longing for Akari to the detriment of his lifestyle, which is acknowledged by an ex-girlfriend. This leads to Takaki on the verge of a breakdown and leaving his job. Akari goes through her old possessions and finds the letter addressed to Takaki. Takaki and Akari have a dual narration, both recalling a recent dream depicting the events of their last meeting in the snow, and hoping to watch the cherry blossoms together again. One day while walking down a road, Takaki and Akari appear to pass and recognize each other at a train crossing, where they decided to watch cherry blossoms together right before Akari's sudden moving to Tochigi 13 years ago. At opposite sides of the tracks, they both stop and begin to look back, but the passing trains cut off their view. Takaki waits for the trains to pass, but sees that Akari is gone. After a moment, he smiles to himself and continues walking."] [' A boy named Sho tells the audience he still remembers the week in summer he spent at his mother\'s childhood home with his maternal great aunt, Sadako, and the house maid, Haru. When Sho arrives at the house on the first day, he sees a cat, Niya, trying to attack something in the bushes but it soon gives up after it is attacked by a crow. Sho then discovers Arrietty, a Borrower, emerging from the bushes and returning to her home through an underground air vent. Later at night, Arrietty\'s father, Pod, takes Arrietty on her first "borrowing" mission above the floorboards to show her how he "borrows" sugar and tissue. After obtaining a sugar cube from the kitchen, they walk within a wall to reach a beautifully intricate dollhouse  in Sho\'s bedroom, to get tissue. However, Arrietty is spotted by Sho while retrieving a piece of tissue from a tissue box and loses the sugar cube. Sho asks her not to leave and although Arrietty hesitates, she still leaves the room with her father. The next day, Sho leaves the dropped sugar cube beside the underground air vent where he first saw Arrietty. Pod warns Arrietty not to take it because their existence must be kept secret from humans, but his daughter nevertheless sneaks out to visit Sho in his bedroom. She drops the sugar cube he left on the floor, letting him know that she is there. Without revealing herself otherwise, she tells Sho to leave her family alone and that they do not need his help. On her return, Arrietty is intercepted by her father. Realizing they have been detected, Pod and his wife Homily decide that they must move out of the house. Sho learns from Sadako that some of his ancestors had seen Borrowers in the house, and had the dollhouse custom-built in the hopes that Borrowers would use it. The Borrowers had not been seen since, however, and the dollhouse stayed in Sho\'s room. Pod returns injured from a borrowing mission and is helped home by Spiller, a Borrower boy he met on the way. He informs them that there are other places the Borrowers could move to. While Pod is recovering, Sho removes the floorboard concealing the Borrower household and replaces their kitchen with the kitchen from the dollhouse, in hopes the Borrowers would be more accepting of his knowledge of their existence. However, the Borrowers are frightened by this and instead speed up their moving process. After Pod recovers, he goes to explore some of the places Spiller has suggested. Arrietty goes to bid farewell to Sho, but in the course of conversation he suggests to her that the Borrowers are becoming extinct. Realizing that he has upset his small friend, Sho reveals he has had a heart condition since birth and will have an operation in a few days. The operation does not have a good chance of success. He believes that there is nothing he can do about it, saying that eventually every living thing dies. Arrietty convinces Sho that he will fight for the life he has now nevertheless. Meanwhile, Haru notices the floorboards have been disturbed. Sadako is out and Sho is still in the garden speaking with Arrietty. Haru unearths the Borrowers\' house and captures Homily. Alerted by her mother\'s screams, Arrietty leaves Sho in the garden and goes to investigate. Saddened by her departure, Sho returns to his room. Haru locks him in and calls a pest removal company to capture the other Borrowers alive. With the help of Sho, Arrietty rescues Homily. Sadako returns soon after the pest removal company\'s arrival and sends them away. Haru and Sadako discover that the Borrowers have left, and that Sho has destroyed any trace of their presence. The Borrowers stop for dinner during their move, and Sho\'s cat, Niya, spots Arrietty. Niya leads Sho to Arrietty. He gives her a sugar cube, and tells her the Borrowers\' fight for survival has given him hope to live through the operation. Arrietty gives Sho her hair clip as a token of remembrance and they go their separate ways. Arrietty, Pod, and Homily leave in a teapot with Spiller. Spiller comforts Arrietty by giving her a red berry after she joins him on the teapot\'s top.'] ['  Mari Illustrious Makinami, a new pilot, launched in Provisional Unit-05, destroys the resuscitated skeleton of the Third Angel in its attack on NERV\'s arctic Bethany Base and defeats the Angel by self-destructing Unit-05, safely ejecting at the last moment. Meanwhile, Shinji Ikari and his father Gendo visit Yui\'s grave, with the Seventh Angel attacking shortly before is dispatched by the newly arrived Unit-02 and its headstrong pilot, Asuka Langley Shikinami. Chief Inspector Ryoji Kaji, present at the battle with Unit-05 and arriving alongside Unit-02, delivers a suitcase to Gendo containing an object referred to as the "Key of Nebuchadnezzar" and notes that the destruction of Unit-05 went as planned. Later Shinji, Asuka, and Rei kill the Eighth Angel in a devised haphazard plan by Misato Katsuragi. Both Unit-00 and Unit-01 are damaged, but SEELE orders only the latter be repaired, as the former is no longer needed. Gendo and Kozo Fuyutsuki visit Tabgha Base on the Moon to view SEELE\'s progress on the mysterious "Evangelion Mark.06." Though they are denied landing, they confirm that its construction is different from the other EVAs and briefly see Kaworu Nagisa sitting on its finger. On Earth, Shinji decides to cook an extra lunch for Rei who asks Gendo for permission to host a dinner party but he initially refuses before remembering Yui\'s request to take care of Shinji. Rei invites everyone to her home for a cooked meal, with the intention of helping repair Gendo and Shinji\'s relationship. Mari arrives in Tokyo-3 by parachute, rather than in the covert manner she intended, landing on Shinji in the process. Soon, Evangelion Unit-04 and NERV\'s U.S. branch are destroyed during a test of an experimental engine, prompting the U.S. government to send the completed Unit-03 to Tokyo-3. In accordance with the "Vatican Treaty", where no nation is allowed to possess more than three functioning Evangelions at a time, NERV decides to seal Unit-02. Rei refuses to pilot the new Eva, which is to be tested on the same day as her planned dinner, with Asuka realizing how much Rei likes Shinji. Asuka volunteers to take her place before the Ninth Angel possesses the activation of Unit-03 and Shinji inside NERV\'s only functional EVA Unit-01 refuses to fight for fear of harming Asuka, who is still trapped inside. Gendo orders the activation of the dummy system causing the autonomous Unit-01 to savagely kill the Angel, crushing the entry plug in its teeth. Shinji is distraught over his father\'s actions and leaves NERV. Asuka survives, but is grievously injured and placed in quarantine for mental contamination fear by the Angel. As Shinji heads out of the city on a train, the Tenth Angel attacks. Gendo fails to activate Unit-01, as it rejects the dummy system. Mari hijacks Unit-02 and heads out to fight Zeruel, activating Unit-02s second best mode "The Beast", that removes the unit\'s restraints. In this mode, she successfully smashes through most of Zeruels multiple AT Fields, but is still taken out by the Angels rapid extending blade-like arms. Then, Rei\'s damaged Unit-00 emerges on the battlefield and charges at Zeruel with an N² mine-armed missile. Rei attempts to neutralize Zeruel\'s AT Fields, but cannot on her own. The battered Unit-02 makes a last attack, tearing through the Angels remaining AT Fields with her teeth. Unit-00 throws Unit-02 out of the blast radius before the missile detonates. It fails to destroy Zeruel, and blows off Unit-00s arms in the process. Mari sees Shinji upon fleeing in the damaged Unit-02 and takes him to safety as the Angel consumes Unit-00, growing the body of a giant woman with its original one as the head. Once Shinji runs back and tells Gendo to let him pilot Unit-01, Zeruel easily breaks into the command center, bypassing NERV\'s auto-self destruct security measures by changing to Unit-00s blood pattern. Shinji fends it off and takes the fight back to the Geofront, but Unit-01 runs out of power and shuts down. The Angel throws Unit-01 into the side of a mountain, impaling it. Enraged and determined to save Rei no matter the cost, Shinji reactivates Unit-01 in berserker mode, glowing red with a halo over its head to take down the Angel to reveal its core, and reaches inside its core to try to save Rei. Shinji\'s willpower causes Unit-01 to start floating up into the air, taking the Angel up with it. The Halo above Unit-01\'s head expands to the size of a cyclone, making the sky glow red, and sweeping up debris all around them. Unit-01 presses its hands against the Angel\'s core, attempting to grant Shinji\'s wish, and starts transcending the boundaries of humanity. Inside the cockpit, Shinji sees Rei beyond him, floating huddled up and alone under a liquid-like surface. He climbs forward, reaching out for her through the surface taking hands and pulls out of the liquid and into his cockpit while Unit-01 pulls Unit-00\'s core out of the Angels core, moments before it collapses, as the Angel explodes into blood which combines with Unit-00\'s core, taking form of a giant Rei which is absorbed into Unit-01\'s core. Unit-01 sprouts giant wings of light, and Misato sees that they are identical to the ones she saw during Second Impact fifteen years ago. Ritsuko notes that the EVA is transcending humanity as a divine being, beginning Third Impact, and Apocalypse. In a post-credits scene, the Lance of Longinus in Earth neutralizes Unit-01, stopping Third Impact. Kaworu descends from the Moon in Mark.06, saying that he will make Shinji happy.'] ['Set in Iron Age Scandinavia, the film opens with the young Hols  (Hisako Ookata /Billie Lou Watt  attempting to fight off a pack of "silver wolves," and accidentally waking up an ancient stone giant, named Mogue . Hols succeeds in pulling a "thorn" from the giant\'s shoulder, which transpires to be a rusty and ancient sword. The giant proclaims this to be the "Sword of the Sun," promising also that when the sword has been reforged, he will come to Hols, who will then be called "Prince of the Sun". Hols\' father, on his deathbed, reveals that the family came from a northern seaside village, which was devastated by the wicked sorcerer Grunwald , leaving them the only survivors. Before dying, Hols\' father urges his son to return to the land of his birth and avenge the village. On his journey, Hols and his companion, a bear named Coro, are soon confronted by Grunwald, who plunges the boy from a cliff when Hols refuses to serve him. Hols survives the fall and is rescued by the inhabitants of a nearby village. Hols soon becomes a heroic figure when he kills an enormous pike which had been threatening the lives and livelihoods of this fishing community. The pike was a ploy of Grunwald\'s, who then sends the silver wolves to attack the village instead. In the battle that follows, Hols and Coro chase the wolves to a deserted village, where he meets a mysterious young girl named Hilda. Hols takes Hilda back to his village, where her beautiful singing is welcomed by the villagers, with the exception of the chief, who is increasingly resentful of Hols\' popularity, and his deputy, Drago, who is a spy for Grunwald. Hilda, who is actually Grunwald\'s sister and under his evil influence, later collaborates with Drago and sends a swarm of rats to attack the village . Drago frames Hols for his own failed attempt to assassinate the chief, and the villagers banish Hols. Hols sets out in search of Grunwald, but is confronted by Hilda, and the owl who acts as messenger between Hilda and Grunwald. With her true identity revealed, Hilda reluctantly attack Hols, who falls into a chasm and becomes trapped in an enchanted wood, where he is haunted by visions of the villagers and his father. Grunwald then sends Hilda, against her wishes, to kill Hols, and makes his own attack on the village, together with his wolves and a giant ice mammoth. Hols is able to escape from the enchanted forest when he realises that he must reforge the sword in order to defeat Grunwald. After a brief fight with Hilda, who is thoroughly remorseful about her involvement in Grunwald\'s plan, Hols rejoins the villagers in their battle. With the "Sword of the Sun" reforged, he is soon joined by the stone giant Mogue. Together they defeat and destroy Grunwald. Hilda, who had given her magical "Medal of Life" to aid Hols, finds that she is still alive without it, and rejoins Hols and the villagers.'] ["It is the Bakumatsu period in Japan. Jiro, a young boy of both Japanese and Ainu descent, was a foundling raised by a kindly innkeeper and her daughter in the village of Sai on the Shimokita Peninsula during the last years of the Tokugawa Shogunate, several years before the start of Japan's Meiji Restoration. One evening, a lone shinobi, appears out of the darkness and kills Jiro's adoptive mother and sister while the boy was away. When he returns home, he finds their dead bodies, a strange dagger and a whole host of angry villagers who blame him for killing his family. Rather than stay in the village and face a brutal crucifixion for the grave crime of parricide, Jiro escapes into the night with the dagger and meets with a buddhist monk called Tenkai who works for the Shogunate as an Oniwaban . Tenkai takes the boy face-to-face with the man who supposedly killed his family and gets him to deliver the killing blow. Afterwards, his entire village is set ablaze and the villagers slaughtered to cover up the incident. Tenkai then takes Jiro in at his temple on the island of Ezo, and has his subordinates Shingo and Sanpei train him in the ways of Ninja so that one day, he may learn of his father. Tenkai quickly dispatches Shingo to follow Jiro and make sure he stays to the same path as Tarouza, Jiro's late father. As Jiro travels in search of answers to the mystery of his family line, he comes across a group of Japanese men beating up an old Ainu man. The old man's son, Uraka, implores Jiro's help and he quickly dispatches the punks. The old man dies of his injuries, and Jiro and Uraka escape to Uraka's home village of Shinopirika-Kotan, unaware the old man's assailants are actually agents of Tenkai. At Kotan, the village elder recognizes Jiro's dagger as the Dagger of Kamui. He states that it was originally owned by the previous village chieftain, and as given as a gift to a Japanese ninja who married the chieftain's daughter, Oyaruru. The Elder then tells Jiro that one day Oyaruru returned to Kotan alone, and eventually left the village to live upriver by herself. Jiro seeks out Oyaruru, and learns she is his biological mother, and of the misfortune Tenkai had wrought on her family. Tenkai dispatched Tarouza to the mountain Kamui Nupuri to find a great treasure large enough to keep the Shogunate in power. Tarouza, however, broke all contact with Tenkai, and married Oyaruru. When Tenkai and his men caught up with them, he slashed the face of the infant Jiro, and sent him floating downriver in the canoe his parents would have used to escape. On the cliff above, Tarouza loses an eye to a primitive grenade, and his sword arm to Hanzou. He falls over the cliff, seemingly to his death. Jiro comes to the horrifying realization that Tenkai had tricked him; the man he stabbed was his father. During their evening meal, without ever noticing, both Jiro and Oyaruru take in a paralysis potion through the food and Oyaruru is killed with the Dagger of Kamui, implicating Jiro in her murder. Imprisoned according to village law, Uraka returns to help Jiro, who finally understands that Tenkai has been manipulating him and the time for revenge is at hand. Revelation after revelation of Jiro's heritage and family is revealed until the final climax: A bloody showdown between Tenkai and Jiro. The movie is very accurate in its depictions of pre-Meiji Japan, Russia, and the United States, and deals directly with historical events such as the Boshin War, and historical figures such as Saigō Takamori, Andō Shōzan, Oguri Kōzukenosuke Tadamasa, Geronimo, and Mark Twain."] ['Nobita finds his old teddy bear among the trash after his mother partially cleaned up their shed and tells her not to throw it away. The stuffed animal is a precious gift from his beloved grandmother. Reminiscing about her makes Nobita ask Doraemon to take him back to when he was still three years old and his grandma was still alive.'] ["On his planet in the Otherworld, King Kai senses the destruction of an entire quadrant of the galaxy, and realises that the threat is coming for the Northern quadrant next. On Earth, Goku and Chi-Chi stand in a long queue to attend an interview at Gohan's potential new school, with Goku constantly complaining about his tight suit and his hunger. Elsewhere, Vegeta, Gohan, Krillin, Master Roshi, Bulma and Future Trunks have a picnic in a park while subjected to Krillin's awful singing. Just then, a spaceship lands and a Saiyan named Paragus steps out, greeting Vegeta as his king and requesting that he accompany him to New Vegeta to help him destroy the Legendary Super Saiyan who has been rampaging throughout the galaxy. Despite some suspicions, Vegeta goes with Paragus, along with Trunks, Master Roshi and Oolong. King Kai summons Goku to his planet, comically during the interview, and also explains about the Legendary Super Saiyan. After a huge meal, Goku uses his Instant Transmission to teleport himself to New Vegeta, where he finds Krillin and Gohan in a skirmish with some mine superintendents abusing the workers whose home planet had recently been destroyed by the Legendary Super Saiyan. Paragus offers Goku and the others shelter while Vegeta meets up with Paragus's son, Broly, and they go off together to search for the dangerous Saiyan. By night time, they have no luck and return to New Vegeta. Vegeta greets Goku with his usual rudeness, while Broly begins glaring uncontrollably at Goku, even powering up. Goku also powers up, but Paragus raises his hand and Broly immediately calms down. Paragus takes the mind-controlling device he used to calm Broly to his scientist, who claims that the device is working fine. It is revealed here that Broly is mentally unstable, having reduced more than one planet to smithereens during his teen years and even damaged one of Paragus's eyes. Paragus was only able to bring Broly under his control by having the mind-controlling device built and placed on Broly's head. Paragus even realises why Broly appears to dislike Goku, since they were born on the same day but Goku's constant crying kept Broly awake for days on end since they were in neighbouring pods. Indeed, later that night, Broly suddenly attacks Goku relentlessly in his sleep and the two fight brutally until Paragus shows up and manages to calm Broly down with some difficulty. But as Paragus leads his son back to the castle, Goku realizes that Broly's energy was the one he was following earlier, bringing him to a conclusion; Broly is the Legendary Super Saiyan. The next day, Vegeta prepares to leave New Vegeta with his friends when the workers see Broly and identify him as the one who destroyed their planet. As Broly sees Goku again, he begins to lose control of his rage and powers up to Super Saiyan. Resisting the mind control device, Broly finally explodes with power and transforms into a hulking behemoth, the Legendary Super Saiyan himself, and chooses Goku as his first victim. Goku and the others take on Broly at once, but have limited success, while Vegeta collapses with shock. Paragus snidely explains that it was all a ruse to get Vegeta killed by Broly, since years back, when Broly was an infant, King Vegeta discovered Broly to have a power level of 10,000 and saw him as a threat to his authority. Paragus pleaded with King Vegeta to spare the boy, but was beaten brutally and Broly was stabbed in the stomach, and both were left for dead. However, this was the same day Frieza destroyed Planet Vegeta, and during the destruction, Broly regained consciousness and encased himself and Paragus in a ball of energy, which they used to escape Planet Vegeta's explosion. Since then, Paragus was fuelled with a desire for revenge on King Vegeta, who was dead, and so decided to take it out on his son. Furthermore, Paragus explains that a comet, Camori, is approaching New Vegeta and will destroy the planet and everyone on it while Paragus and Broly escape. Broly makes quick work of Goku and the others, but Goku staunchly refuses to give up. Piccolo shows up and joins the fray but is also beaten. Vegeta, however, still refuses to fight, but Piccolo forcibly takes him to the battlefield. Initially hesitant, Vegeta decides that he will not bow to anyone and joins the fight, but is quickly beaten. Noticing Broly's uncontrollable power, Paragus decides to leave New Vegeta without him, but Broly catches him in the act and crushes the Saiyan space pod with Paragus still in it, throwing it straight into Comet Camori. Now the only one left standing, Goku stands up to Broly, even as Broly pummels him constantly. Despite the others transferring their energy to him, Goku is still outmatched, until Vegeta finally abandons his pride and gives his energy to Goku as well, boosting his power substantially. In a final attack, Goku and Broly lunge toward each other. Goku manages to score a punch in Broly's stomach, the same place Broly was stabbed when he was an infant, and Broly apparently explodes from the inside. Goku uses Instant Transmission to teleport himself, his friends and the workers to Piccolo's spaceship to return to Earth before New Vegeta explodes. Goku and Gohan suddenly appear in their back garden and are greeted by Chi-Chi's usual rantings. Goku comically responds with what he was supposed to say in the interview, causing Chi-Chi to faint."] ['A girl named Remon suddenly appears. She shows Shinnosuke a message which is sent from Shinnosuke\'s hero action mask. Shinnosuke totally believes Remon and they start spy training together. They duo become action spies and finally get a mission from the action mask. That mission is ".. the doctor of evil stole my precious capsule. Take it back".'] [' Kenji Koiso  is a young high school student with a gift in mathematics and a part-time moderator in the massive computer-simulated virtual reality world OZ along with his friend Takashi Sakuma . Invited by Natsuki Shinohara  to participate in the 90th birthday of her great-grandmother Sakae Jinnouchi  Kenji travels with her to Sakae\'s estate in Ueda. While there, Natsuki introduces Kenji as her fiancé to Sakae. Kenji meets several of Natsuki\'s relatives and discovers that the Jinnouchis are descendants of a samurai who challenged the Tokugawa clan in 1615. He also meets Wabisuke Jinnouchi , Natsuki\'s half-granduncle and a computer expert who has been living in the United States since stealing the family\'s fortunes 10 years ago. Kenji receives an e-mail with a mathematical code and cracks it. Love Machine, an artificial intelligence in the OZ infrastructure, uses Kenji\'s account and his avatar to invade the infrastructure, causing widespread damage. Kenji, Natsuki\'s cousin Kazuma Ikezawa  and Sakuma confront Love Machine. Love Machine defeats Kazuma\'s avatar King Kazma and continues to steal accounts, creating catastrophic traffic congestions and disabling electrical devices. Two of Sakae\'s relatives&nbsp;— Rika  and Shota Jinnouchi &nbsp;– discover Kenji\'s involvement. Shota arrests Kenji, but Natsuki has them return to the estate due to the ongoing traffic congestions. Recognizing the situation as akin to war, Sakae calls her associates in important positions in Japan\'s society and her relatives who work in emergency services. She encourages them to work their hardest to reduce the potential chaos and damage that could have occurred. Kenji is able to return control of the virtual world to the moderators and engineers. Wabisuke reveals that he created Love Machine and sold the program to the United States Armed Forces for a test run. After an argument with Sakae, Wabisuke leaves the estate. Sakae later encourages Kenji to take care of Natsuki during a Hanafuda match; and Kenji and the Jinnouchis, running to Sakae\'s bedside the next morning, find Sakae dead. Her youngest son Mansaku  reveals she had angina and Love Machine had deactivated her heart monitor. Kenji, Sakuma, and most of the Jinnouchis initiate a plan to defeat Love Machine using a supercomputer with ice blocks as a coolant while Natsuki and the others prepare a funeral for Sakae. Kenji, along with Sakuma and the others, capture Love Machine. However, Shota carries the ice blocks to Sakae\'s body causing the supercomputer to overheat; whereupon Love Machine empowers itself and assimilates King Kazma; then redirects the Arawashi Asteroid Probe onto a collision course with a nuclear power plant. At the same time, Natsuki discovers a will left by Sakae before reuniting with Kenji and the rest of the group. Natsuki has Wabisuke return home before the family reads Sakae\'s will, asking them to bring Wabisuke back to their lives. Realizing that Love Machine sees everything as a game, Kenji has the Jinnouchis play Koi-Koi with Love Machine in OZ\'s casino world, wagering their accounts in a desperate attempt to stop Love Machine. Natsuki wins several rounds, but gets distracted and nearly loses her "winnings". However, OZ users worldwide enter their own accounts into the wager on Natsuki\'s side. Natsuki critically damages Love Machine, but the artificial intelligence redirects the Arawashi towards a collision on Sakae\'s estate. Kenji hacks into the probe\'s GPS, but is unsuccessful. To circumvent Love Machine, Wabisuke disables its defenses, distracting it long enough for King Kazma to be revived and assisted by several Jinnouchi family avatars before destroying Love Machine. Kenji activates the GPS code and redirects the Arawashi away from the estate. The satellite\'s impact destroys the estate\'s entrance and causes a geyser to erupt. The Jinnouchi family, celebrating their victory as well as Sakae\'s birthday, has Natsuki kiss Kenji after confessing their love to each other.'] ['Ninja Resurrection takes place in the Tokugawa era, at a time when Christians in Japan were being persecuted. The leader of the Shimabara Rebellion, Amakusa Shirō, hoped to resist the government forces attacking Christians like him but is assassinated. Soon after, Amakusa\'s restless spirit returns to avenge his fallen comrades and is up to Yagyū Jūbei Mitsuyoshi to put a stop to the demonic onslaught.  Jubei\'s Revenge begins a narration of the timepiece explaining the era, the war between toyotomi and tokugawa, the events that led up to the Shimabara rebellion, and a dark satanic prophecy about Shiro. Along with the narration there are Japanese paintings of these events. The first OVA called "The Cant Of Hell" shows a small band of soldiers raiding a village outside of Harano Castle, and smashing a statue of Madonna. All the villagers hide except for a little boy who they shoot. After the soldiers leave to report the Christian rebels to the shogun, a small girl named \'Ocho\' runs to the boy\'s body and begs him to wake up. The boy, who is Shiro, miraculously revives and shows the approaching villagers that the bullet hit a crucifix he had. Sunlight shines through the clouds onto shiro and he raises the crucifix and a long beam of light shoots from it up into the sky. The villagers bowdown and worship Shiro and declare him to be \'Tenshi\', the son of jehovah and the returned messiah and their saviour. The Madonna statue reforms. An evil-looking man in the bushes watches the events as they unfold and smiles. 55 years later, an army of government soldiers attack Harano castle in a fog but are killed by an onslaught of arrows. Inside the castle, the evil-looking man, who is revealed to be \'Soy Kanmoiri\', gives a speech declaring their victory against the heretics. The Christians boisterously support him and declare that as long as they have Lord Shiro they will kill the Tokugawa and make all the lands Christian. After the speech, Lord Shiro speaks privately to Soy, informing him that the food supply exhausted two days ago and they were fighting on mere willpower. He opts to use the recent advantage to surrender himself in exchange for the lives of his people, but Soy says no and that he must have faith and that if they lose faith now then all they believed in would be a lie. Shiro tells Soy they can\'t win the war and everyone will die. Elsewhere, General Nobutsuna Matsudaira speaks with his commanders about the recent defeat. He is told that more than 500 were killed. Nobutsuna recognizes that the Christians are using black magic. Jubei arrives and tells Nobutsuna that the army will not breech the wall and he has a plan. Jubei then swiftly leaves. 5 months earlier the shogun had sent an army of 100,000 men to defeat the Christians, whom had attacked and seized Harano castle. The shogun, outraged that his army was defeated by peasants and farmers, sent Nobutsuna Matsudaira to destroy the Christians by any means. Nobutsuna orders all his men to attack the castle anyway. Miyamoto Musashi observes the army moving-out, from a faraway cliff. He declares that the army will not be able to penetrate and the men are being sacrificed uselessly. He then runs to join the army but sees a massive kite in the sky and comments on the ingenuity of this new approach. The extremely huge kite, tethered to someplace, floats high in the clouds above Harano castle. Jubei and four other ninjas are standing on a narrow platform on the kite. They leap from the platform through a lightningstorm and float down to the castle using capes. Using the aerial assault, Jubei and his four ninjas enter the castle and begin easily slicing the Christians in half. One ninja in particular who has a penchant for explosives detonates a wave of explosions throughout the castle. There is intense fighting with lots of blood. Nobutsuna\'s army uses a battering-ram to enter the castle, and the soldiers battle their enemies. Shiro gathers the women, kids, and old people into a part of the castle that the soldiers can\'t enter because it is protected by a seal. He promises to protect them with the power of god. However, the four ninjas know about this seal and the four barriers that are maintaining the seal. Each one destroys a barrier. Shiro is alerted to the destruction of the seal. Shiro senses Jubei and refers to him as a "mighty power that will kill us". Jubei slices a bunch of men and then comes across two kids whom he wall-runs past. The kids tell Soy, who smiles and slashes them. Jubei meets Shiro on a roof and Shiro bargains with him to spare the lives of the women and children if he commits seppuku. Shiro takes a tanto to kill himself but is stopped by Soy who shows him the decapitated heads of the two kids and tells him not to trust Jubei. Shiro goes ballistic and uses his magic to summon a lot of power into himself. He then uses the power of psychokinesis to destroy the roof and fire the tanto and shingles at Jubei. Shiro then summons a black dragon with which he attacks Jubei. Miyamoto, who has entered the castle, is easily slicing through Christian soldiers as he watches the events. Jubei tries to slice the dragon in half but it proves useless. He then flees but the dragon catches up to him. He holds on to the snout of the dragon as it flies through buildings and into the sky. Shiro emerges from the top of the dragon\'s head and begins strangling Jubei. Two of the ninjas try to assist Jubei by firing harpoons at the dragon but it breaks free. The biggest and strongest of the ninjas tells those two to stay put. He and the ninja who likes explosives perform a tactical attack. The ninja who likes explosives, opens up a bazooka and fires it at the dragon but it has little effect. The tall ninja, who attacks from a different angle, extends a folding metal suit of armour over his body, originating from two small shoulder pads. The armor gives him rocket propulsion and he flies into the dragon, causing massive damage. Jubei cuts off Shiro\'s hands and falls to earth. The dragon\'s head is still alive and sneaks up behind jubei. Jubei holds up the children\'s heads and hesitates Shiro mid-attack. He then throws his sword at Shiro, spearing him in the chest. The impact rips Shiro from the dragon\'s head and flings him into a window of the main chapel. The tall ninja lands and his armour folds back up into his shoulder pads.  The second OVA is called "Hell\'s Spawn". It begins by showing a younger Jubei kill five samurai with ease. Jubei\'s father, Munenori Yagyu, scolds him for his constant murders but Jubei makes excuses. Munenori challenges Jubei to a duel; warning him that he will not hesitate just because Jubei is his son. Jubei attacks but restrains himself and only slashes Munenori\'s shirt. Munenori jumps into the air and tosses a kunai into Jubei\'s eye. As Jubei stays bleeding, his father states that he knew Jubei would not attack him and used this knowledge against Jubei. Munenori tells Jubei that he must never lose and should exploit every weakness of his opponent and that he can\'t rely on strength alone. Jubei tells his father that he doesn\'t need his father\'s platitudes and that he is stronger than his father ever would be. Munenori banishes Jubei from his house and lands. There is a historical narration about the strongest swordsmen of the time and how swordmanship became a science and evolved. The samurai\'s discussed are Musashi Miyamoto, Mataemon Araki, Inshun Hosowei, Botaro Tamiya, Munenori Yagyu, and Jubei Yagyu. It states that their battles are legendary but their deaths are shrouded in mystery; for example, Musashi disappeared in foggy mountains and Mataemon was poisoned by an unknown person. Several months after the Shimabara Riot, Jubei is resting under a tree when he starts to have memories of the riot and all the bodies. An old man is riding into the Yagyu lands when he spots a boy and a girl spear-fishing. The girl keeps nagging the boy and he dunks her into the water. The old man rides on towards the Yagyu estate. The girl jumps onto Jubei and pretends to be frighten of a snake. She then confesses how much she likes Jubei. When the old man, whose name is Jushin Sagoguichi, enters the estate he is dismayed that it is in ruin and that some walls are broken down. A servant tells him that lord Jubei allowed it to get that way. Jubei and the two children arrive and it turns out that Jushin is the children\'s father. Inside the house, Jushin scolds his daughter for not being lady-like and scolds his son, who is his heir, for doing servant\'s chores. Jubei tries to calm him down with sake. Another young girl, named Ohina, enters the room bringing food. She speaks graciously to Lord Jushin and Jushin compliments her on how beautiful she has become since he last saw her. As Jushin and Jubei eat, Jushin tells them that the shogun, Yorinobu, has requested that all unmarried girls of noble birth between the ages of 15-23 should be brought to Kishu. Jubei finds the mandate strange. Onwei, Jushin\'s daughter, protests stating she wants to stay with Jubei. Jushin tells Jubei that the shogun is amassing a large army and gathering lots of food and it looks like he is going to increase taxes. He also tells Jubei that many strange men have been coming to the capital. Jushin also tells Jubei that many girls have gone missing. Jubei invites Jushin to watch the girls spar. In the morning, Ohina demonstrates her skills with a naginata by defeating a lot of men in a sparring match. Onwei then challenges Ohina and the two battle to a standstill. Jushin compliments them on their improvement and soon afterwards leaves with them to Kishu. Before Onwei leaves, she reminds Jubei to bathe at least once every three days and to wear clean clothes. As Jubei watches them go, he tells his servant to send a spy to watch the castle in Kishu and that he,Jubei, would be gone for five days. Somenight later, at Shosetsu Yui\'s residence in Edo, Ohina is attacked and raped by a born-again Inshun Hosowei. As he slowly rapes her, he licks her breasts and plays around with her. After he is finished raping Ohina, he kills her. Mataemon Araki, who is sitting nearby, comments on how Inshun likes doing that. Inshun retorts that Mataemon does the same thing. As Mataemon constantly stabs a kunai into his hand, he says that today he doesn\'t feel like killing girls but wants to kill rats. The two men are being spied on by a ninja. Mataemon suddenly leaps into the trees and slowly kills the ninja. Two more ninjas attack him. He kills one and chases the other. The ninja flees across rooftops but Mataemon is faster than him. Mataemon calls the ninja a mouse. The ninja calls up other ninjas to assist him. Mataemon tells them his name and how it has been a while since he killed a man. The ninjas believe he is lying about his identity. Mataemon removes the scarf covering the lower half of his face and tells them he is "a born again". The ninja tells him "then you will die again". All the ninjas attack him at once, impaling him on several swords. Mataemon condescends the ninjas\' futile attack. He pops the swords out of his body, along with his intestines. He then unsheathes his own sword and uses it along with his dangling intestines to attack and slay the shinobis. Two shinobi escape him. One backs into a dark corner and is quickly sliced to pieces by a resurrected Botaro Tamiya. Botaro tosses a dagger into the other ninja but he replaces himself with a cat. Mataemon yells at Botaro for ruining his fun. At Tajima-no-Kami Yagyu residence, the ninja who survived, whose name is Godaiyu, reports to Munenori Yagyu. He tells him that Lord Yorinobu in Kishu is organizing an army of ronin and that inhuman creatures were appearing. He also tells Munenori that he saw ghosts: Mataemon, Inshun, Botaro. Munenori doesn\'t believe him and scolds him for drinking. He tells Munenori he wasn\'t drinking. Munenori says that those men were some of the most skilled killers, and he ponders what Shosetsu is planning. He then begins coughing uncontrollably. Godaiyu says that Jubei would be useful. Munenori yells at him to never mention that name, and Godaiyu apologises. Munenori tells him to continue observing Shosetsu, and Godaiyu slides away into the darkness. Jubei is walking through a fog in the woods when he comes upon a small hut. Inside the hut, Jubei talks to an old man about the prophecy of \'Tenshi\'. The old man asks if Jubei really believes in Satan and reminds Jubei that he saw Shiro\'s staked head. The old man informs Jubei that he has people familiar with underground paths and will be able to use them in case of battle. The old man then tells Jubei that Jubei is too young to quit being a warrior. Jubei tells him he is tired of murdering in the name of duty. The old man asks Jubei how many persons he killed but Jubei tells him that he lost count. The old man says that he should take a break and rest a little. The old man also says that Jubei reminds him of an old friend named Musashi Miyamoto, who strove to excel everyone in swordmanship and now lives as a hermit in the mountains. As the old man talks to Jubei, a little boy leaves Musashi\'s house thanking him for the lessons. Musashi\'s house is dug into the side of a mountain. Inside is very spacious with large gigantic statues of numerous warriors. Musashi recollects the Shimabara revolt and watching Jubei fight. He questions if he would be able to defeat Jubei. Musashi then picks up a paintbrush and begins tirelessly drawing a lot of buddhist pictures. Later that night, in Edo, during a full moon; Soiken Mori, Shosetsu Yui, Botaro, Inshun and Mataemon, stand on an altar in a room, surrounding Ocho who is laying down. They all start chanting "Satan". A cloud blankets the moon, causing the room to darken. Suddenly the moon turns red, the wind blows strongly, and electricity starts flashing within the room. Shosetsu asks Soiken what\'s happening but Soiken tells him to be silent. Ocho starts levitating. Her body starts convulsing wildly as her clothes fall off. Suddenly, she exhales an enormous cloud of smog. The smog shapeshifts into a crucifix, then the virgin Mary, then into the Devil. After maintaining its Devil form for a few moments, the smog then returns to Ocho\'s body. The men stand silently, staring at Ocho. A big bulbous growth forms in Ocho\'s throat and crawls under her skin to her belly, where it turns into faces and then stretches and pulls Ocho\'s skin chaotically as it wriggles about. Suddenly, many long strands of silver hair fire out of Ocho\'s body and wrap around wooden beams, bars, the ceiling, and even Soiken\'s and Shosetsu\'s necks. Shosetsu tries to get it off but Soiken tells him to leave it. As Ocho is suspended upside-down, electrical charges flow through the hair. Soiken calls for Satan to come out and for Shiro Amakusa to come out. Ten fingers push out of Ocho\'s mouth and wiggle about. Then a long split cuts from inside her body and a naked, silver-haired Shiro pushes his way out. As Shiro forces his way out, he rips Ocho into many pieces. The hair strands that kept Ocho suspended, untangle and retreat to Shiro as he lowers himself to the ground. Shiro shrieks and green energy shoots from his body into the air and descends onto the three resurrecteds: Botaro, Mataemon, Inshun. After charging-up, the four jump through the ceiling. The moon returns to normal. Somewhere else, Jubei is walking through the woods when suddenly there is a strong gust of wind which cuts his cheek, causing him to bleed. Musashi is still drawing, when a sudden breeze blows out the candle. A drop of blood falls on his page. There is a street festival going on that night, with hundreds of people in attendance. Botaro is standing in the crowd. He draws his sword and begins slicing randomly, cutting men, women and kids in half. As people start fleeing, Mataemon races through the crowd, hacking people with his sword. Inshun carries a staff with a boomerang blade on the top. He flings the blade into the air and it cuts through many people before returning to his staff. Some persons try fleeing from the spinning blade but are too slow. Shiro, who can use his hair for attacks, extends his hair to impale and slice-up persons. Dozens of men, women and kids are killed and their bodies and heads staked for display. Soiken laughs and declares that hell is unleashing its force. The show ends with the 4 resurrecteds jumping into the air one by one.'] ['The movie begins with Eriol\'s old house being demolished, which seemingly activates an unknown Clow Card buried beneath the mansion. Four months have passed since the ending of the TV series. Tomoyo and Sakura review videos showing Sakura in action, showcasing and capturing various cards. As the topic of Syaoran comes across, Sakura wishes to tell him in person that she loves him as well. Sakura is attending summer classes because her class is participating in a play for the Nadeshiko festival and looks at the nameless card she made in the final episode as proof of her love for Syaoran. Sakura is to play the princess and Yamizaki is to play the prince. Later that night, Sakura thinks of Syaoran as she reads the princess\'s confession. Meanwhile, the area where Eriol\'s mansion was has been turned into an amusement park, where the unknown Clow Card reveals to be a young girl hovering in the clock tower. The next day, Sakura goes with Tomoyo to visit Eriol\'s old house to find it has been replaced with a new amusement park. While they explore the park, Sakura feels a presence similar to that of a Clow Card. As she runs through the park trying to locate the source of the presence, she crashes into Syaoran, who has returned from Hong Kong with Meiling, for a visit to see the town\'s annual festival. Sakura is flustered as she still hasn\'t confessed her true feelings for Syaoran, despite his having done so before he left. Meiling tells Sakura that she and Syaoran canceled their engagement because he has someone he really likes. Syaoran is aware that the visit is part of Tomoyo and Meiling\'s plans to give Sakura an opportunity to reply to him. He tells Tomoyo that he wanted to see Sakura but is worried that his presence will burden her into giving him a reply. Tomoyo and Meiling set Sakura and Syaoran up alone for dinner. Sakura tries to confess, but is interrupted by Kero and Toya respectively. Unbeknowest to her, some of her cards begin to disappear. Syaoran and Meiling volunteer for the class. While the four walk around town and talk, they notice that parts of the city are disappearing. Sakura writes to Eriol and doesn\'t notice more of her cards disappear. After rehearsals, the four meet up with Toya and Yukito. Yukito talks with Sakura and encourages her to confess to Syaoran. She finally senses her cards disappearing and then a bridge missing. Meiling invites everyone to go to the new amusement park, where she pitches Sakura and Syaoran alone again. They notice the cards disappearing and sense Clow Reed\'s magical power, and follow it. Sakura and Syaoran encounter a mysterious girl who takes away more of Sakura\'s cards before disappearing. Later, Eriol calls Sakura and after she tells him what has happened, he explains that the girl and the presence at the park was the Sealed card, the fifty-third Clow Card, which was set free when his old house was demolished. Containing an equal amount of tremendous power as the other fifty-two cards combined, it was created to balance the positive powers of the cards with a negative one. Every time the Sealed Card steals one of the Sakura cards, it will also take something near her. Sakura will have to convert the card to a Sakura Card to restore the balance, but to do so will require that someone of the card\'s choosing will lose their most important feeling . This means that Sakura will lose her deep romantic love feelings for Syaoran if she converts the Card. The next day, Sakura tells Syaoran what Eriol told her. Although both are saddened, he tells her that it can\'t be helped and she runs away crying. She is comforted by Yukito who turns into Yue, who assures her that it will be alright. On the day of the festival, Sakura sense the Sealed Card at the school. When she spots it in a void circle, Sakura activates the Sleep card to try to prevent a panic. However, the sleep spell only lasts a short time as the Sealed card quickly steals the Sleep card. Yamizaki ended up hurting himself from falling to the floor and everyone asks Syaoran to take the role. During the play, Syaoran and Sakura dance and confess their feelings as the prince and princess. The stage lights explode and the ground begins to shake. A string of Sakura Cards flies away from Sakura\'s bag into the dark sky, and the Sealed card steals the people from the play, including Sakura\'s family and friends, along with huge portions of the entire city. Eventually the only two remaining uncaptured, Sakura and Syaoran rush to the amusement park to confront the card. Sakura\'s magic proves ineffective against the card. As his magic is not tied to the Clow Cards, Syaoran attacks the card and manages to wound it, but it eventually deflects his attack and wounds him. Sakura races up the tower after the Sealed card, but gets trapped on the stairs after void spheres leave two gaping holes on either side of her. The Sealed card tells Sakura that she is lonely and just wants her friends, the other cards, back. She doesn\'t understand why Sakura is getting in her way, but Sakura tells her that true friends do not push each other nor try to bind each other. The Sakura cards pull free from the Sealed Card and surround her. Shocked, the Sealed Card collapses in tears. Seeing that all of the Sakura Cards want to be friends with the Sealed Card, Sakura asks her to join with the other fifty-two Cards that way she won\'t be lonely. The Sealed Card agrees. Sakura orders the rebirth of the card and says that she really couldn\'t confess her true love feelings to Syaoran after all. As the card appears to go to Sakura, it chooses Syaoran  as the one who will lose their most important feelings because Sakura used too many cards at one time. Syaoran tells Sakura not to worry, because even if he has to sacrifice his deep romantic love for her to save everyone, he\'ll just fall deeply in love with her all over again. However, as the card attacks, The Nameless Card  negates it and they combine into a new Sakura card, The Hope Card. Crying and believing it\'s too late, but encouraged by the Hope Card, Sakura still confesses to Syaoran that she loves him and that he is her most important person. To her surprise, he gently replies that he loves her too, and Sakura realizes he didn\'t lose his romantic feelings for her after all. As everyone and everything begins to reappear, an overjoyed Sakura uses the Jump Card and leaps to Syaoran before the stairs return to normal with no intention to wait further, despite Syaoran\'s protests to keep her safe. As she leaps to embrace Syaoran, she exclaims, yet again, "I love you!" The movie ends leaving Sakura in mid-air with their warm embrace not directly shown in the video. However, bonus artwork released with the film  includes a large illustrated poster of an extra ending scene showing Sakura successfully making the leap, right into Syaoran\'s arms, as the pair embrace for a happy ending. The Special Edition DVD release also features an extra episode following the events of the movie, the Kero-Chan Theatrical special. As Sakura and her friends  are having a tea party, Kero and Spinel Sun battle for the last ball of fried octopus as they pursue it on a pinball trajectory across the town.'] ['As "another story" set after the end of the original manga, the plot starts after Astro is found on a asteroid after his final act to save Earth . The robot boy is rescued by the three members of Ravex, and he is miraculously revived by "Space Jack". The newly revived robot is named "Ratom" - built by combining Rock with Astro, and equipped with the power of music. Professor Ochanomizu works with Space Jack to create the newly evolved Ratom.'] ["The Book of the Dead is set in the Nara period at around 750 CE, the era when Buddhism was being introduced from China. Iratsume, a young woman from a noble house, becomes obsessed with the new religion and spends much of her time hand-copying the sutras, trying to understand the teachings of the Buddha. On the eve of each equinox and solstice she begins to see a radiant figure looking not unlike the Buddha floating between the twin peaks of distant Mount Futakami. One evening, after completing her one-thousandth copy of a sutra, her view the figure she has been longing to see again is obscured by a rainstorm. In pursuit of it she slips away from her household to the foot of the mountain, where she arrives at a temple that women are forbidden to enter. There she learns that the figure might not be Buddha, but the soul of the executed Prince Ōtsu which wanders in torment between this world and the next. When Iratsume and Ōtsu's soul encounter, they feel compelled to unite. They forge a bond, bringing comfort and peace to each other – a bond that allows the prince's soul to find rest. The film follows the Japanese teaching that came from Buddhism: that no matter who they are, friends or foes, the souls of the dead need to be relieved. Kawamoto has said that the film is dedicated to all the innocent people who have died in recent wars.http://www.midnighteye.com/reviews/the-book-of-the-dead.shtml"] ["The Natsume family — Professor Kyusaku, his wife Akiko, and fourteen year old son Ryunosuke — take in a young woman by the name of Atsuko, who has lost her memory. Unbeknownst to all of them, Atsuko is an Androrobot prototype which has escaped from the power Mishima Corporation's research facilities. In order to track down the missing prototype, Mishima transferred Akiko, who is employed by the corporation, to a new secret department the hunt for the Androrobot. Professor Kyusaku has secrets of his own and discovers that Atsuko is an Androrobot and sneaks Atsuko down into his hidden lab under the house in order to attempt to unlock her secrets. Ryunosuke knows there's something different about Atsuko but she seems pretty normal outside of the fact that she can't remember anything about herself, and he is quite happy to have her around."] ["{{Plot|date3ZkIzxZyJ2o but Jack escapes. When Allegra and another harpy named Harvey Harpy pursue Jack he leads them away from the castle. Harvey Harpy ends up lassoing Jack's animal friends and they get tangled together in the rope. Barnaby Bear starts laughing at the predicament, and soon all are laughing. They take Harvey Harpy back to the house, where they sing and dance together. Spying on them through a window Allegra seems to soften a little as she watches the fun. However, when Jack returns to the house she tries to capture him with a magic rope that has a claw on the end, but the animals drive her away by pelting her with dishes. In some fan copies of the English version about 8 minutes is cut out here, including scenes where Allegra returns to the castle, and a battle between Allegra and Jack where she pulls his house off the ground and drops it into a lake. Allegra is injured when she crash lands her flying machine, and Jack takes her back to his house to let her recover. When she comes to she sees Jack, and smiles for a moment, but then flees back to the castle, knocking Jack over as she goes. Jack and friends go back to the castle to rescue Squeeker Mouse, and they encounter Allegra again. She promises to help them since they were so kind to her when she was injured, but instead she leads them into a trap that drops them into a land where the plants try to eat everybody. At the end giant mushrooms drop Jack and friends into a pit with the machine that changes children into harpies. The wind starts to suck Jack into the machine, while the Harpies chant 'Into the Machine!'. Barnaby Bear remembers that a giant windmill powers the machine, so he runs off and stops it. With the windmill immobilized other harpies jump into the pit to take Jack prisoner, but Barnaby Bear finally lets go of the windmill and the harpies are sucked into the machine, which overloads and explodes, with Jack and friends escaping. Queen Auriana punishes Allegra for her failure to capture Jack by exiling her to the ice caves beneath the castle. Harvey Harpy is sad to see Allegra punished, even opposing the queen for her harshness, so when he runs into Jack he explains what happened to Allegra, and leads him to the ice caves to rescue her. Meanwhile, Barnaby Bear, Phineas Fox and Dinah Dog are captured by the queen, who imprisons them in magic bottles and leaves them to watch what happens to Jack in a crystal ball. When Jack rescues Allegra from the ice caves, the queen transports them back to the pit, where she battles them with a golden chain she uses as a whip. When Squeeker Mouse tries to cover up the crystal ball with his cape so no one can see what is happening to Jack he knocks the crystal ball to the ground and it cracks. This breaks the spell imprisoning the animals, and they realize that the crystal is the source of the queen's power. Barnaby Bear throws the crystal ball out the window, and when it shatters the queen loses her powers and is transformed into a large goblin-like creature. Jack and friends pursue the queen, who has a large air-ship ready for her escape. She sets a time bomb to explode after she leaves, but Harvey Harpy ties the bomb to her air-ship as it takes off. As the queen tries to remove the bomb she crashes into the castle and explodes. This destroys the castle and breaks the spell cast by the evil queen, and one by one all the harpies turn back into children, including Allegra and Harvey, who celebrate with Jack.{{cite web}}"] ['Dr. Leo Quintum and team are exploring the Sun when they are sabotaged by a booby-trapped genetically enhanced clone, turned into a time-bomb by Lex Luthor. Superman stops the clone but in doing so receives an overdose of solar radiation. Though the radiation is slowly killing him, it does give Superman new powers. Luthor, having orchestrated the death of Superman while under the employment of General Sam Lane, is arrested thanks to Clark Kent\'s article and sentenced to death. Superman asks Dr. Quintim to keep news of his impending death secret from the public. Wanting to spend as much of his remaining time with Lois Lane, Superman reveals to her that he is Clark Kent. Lois doubts his revelation because she had been unable to prove Superman\'s "Kent" identity herself. Superman takes her to the Fortress of Solitude. During this visit, Superman\'s secretive behavior and indirect exposure to alien chemicals heightens Lois\'s paranoia. She is startled by Robot 7 shooting it and then Superman with a kryptonite laser. The solar radiation has made him immune to green kryptonite, Superman is able to calm her explaining his caginess was to hide her birthday present, a serum granting her superpowers for 24 hours. Now as a Superwoman, she and Superman stop an attack by Subterraneans in Metropolis just as Samson and Atlas arrive. Sampson flirts with Lois and gives her a necklace, the crown jewels of the Ultra-Sphinx. When Superman tells him to back off, he shows Superman a newspaper that reads "Superman Dead" and challenges Superman to contests to win Lois. The Ultra-Sphinx travels through time to reclaim the jewels Samson had stolen, placing Lois between life and death. Superman must answer an unanswerable question to save Lois. Superman then defeats Atlas and Samson in a double arm-wrestling match before spending the rest of the day with Lois as her powers fade. Later, Kent meets Luthor for an exclusive interview at Stryker\'s Island. However, Superman\'s energy causes the Parasite to free himself and causes havoc in the prison. Clark stops him while not revealing his secret identity, with Luthor disclosing his respect for Clark as both a journalist and a man. Luthor then reveals a tunnel from his cell for Clark to escape through, aided by Nasthalthia, Luthor\'s delinquent niece. Luthor choses not to escape as the satisfaction of outliving Superman is rewarding enough. Weeks later, after taking the city of Kandor to a new planet to thrive, Superman returns to find Metropolis has been repaired with Kryptonian architecture, and Earth has been protected by Bar-El and Lilo, lost astronauts from Krypton. They followed the trail of the vessel that brought Superman to earth. To his dismay, the two have less altruistic goals and intend to turn Earth into a new Krypton. As they fight Superman Bar-El and Lilo begin showing signs of illness: the two had passed through the remnants of Krypton and thus were saturated with kryptonite. To save them and at their request, Superman places the two in the Phantom Zone until a cure can be found. After settling his affairs, Superman proceeds to finish his last will and testament. Luthor reprogrammed one of the Fortress\' robots to steal the serum he made for Lois\' birthday. Having the powers of Superman, Luthors\' electricution failed and he escapes, unfettered. He meets with Nasthalthia below one of his lairs to continue his plans. Superman finishes his will when he learns of Luthor\'s secret ally: Solaris, the tyrant star computer, which betrayed Luthor by tampering with Earth\'s sun and turned it blue. With his robots, Superman engages Solaris in space. All seems lost until Superman\'s pet Sun-Eater sacrifices itself to weaken the tyrant star, which allows Superman to destroy Solaris. Clark returns to the Daily Planet, very ill, and dies upon completing his article. As the staff tries to save him, the super-powered Luthor arrives and attempts to kill Lois. Clark revives and fires a gravity gun at Luthor. Superman tells Luthor he has been on to him ever since Robot-7 first malfunctioned. As his powers fade, Luthor briefly sees the world as Superman sees it and weeps as he gains a measure of understanding of the subatomic and how it interconnects. The gravity weapon has warped time causing Luthor\'s powers to at a faster rate. As his powers drain, Luthor wishes the experience to continue. He believes he can solve the grand unification theory but when he reaches for his next vial of serum, he realizes that Superman has stolen his supply. Superman then destoys the serum. With Superman\'s body starting to turn into pure energy, he and Lois embrace one final time and he proclaims his love for her once and for all. He flies into the Sun, seemingly sacrificing himself to save the Earth. Lois sits on bench in front of a statue of Supeman, Jimmy invites her to attend a memorial service being held for Superman. Lois does not go as she believes Superman is not dead and will return after he repairs the sun. Quintum visits Luthor in his death row cell. Now enlightened from his ordeal and accepting his impending death, Luthor presents Quintum with the only thing that could redeem him for his actions over the years, a formula to recreate Superman\'s genetic structure through a healthy human embryo.'] ['A stage actress, Julie wants to use her star sapphire for her upcoming play and asks for Mouri Kogoro\'s help to protect it after showing Kogoro a letter from Kaitou Kid. On the day of the theft, Kid appears at the theatre disguised up as Kudo Shinichi but ends up fleeing in the end without the jewel. To thank them, Julie invites Kogoro and everyone to Hakodate, and they all travel on an airplane to get there. In the air, one of the show actor, Shinjo, who was supposed to be elsewhere and Ran\'s mother, Kisaki Eri, joins them on the plane. As the plane takes off, Julie comes in physical contact with most of the individuals she invited, making them all suspects to her death by consuming a piece of poisoned chocolate, a homicide later found to be committed by her makeup artist, Natsuki. The captains were also poisoned from Julie and were not able to pilot the plane, so Shinjo agrees to take over because he supposedly "took courses", and appoints Conan to assist him. Conan figures out that Shinjo is Kaitou Kid when Conan is asked to assist, as this logic would not apply in a similar situation. The storm and fire at the airport make it impossible to land while the plane fuel is running low. Conan picks a stable area that can support a commercial plane. Ran and Sonoko Suzuki eventually take over piloting the plane while Kid escapes by jumping off the plane and Conan has to "go to the bathroom." Conan then switches over to Shinichi\'s voice and guides Ran for landing the plane. During the flight, Ran mentions how Shinichi is like an eclipse; one moment he\'s there, the other he\'s not. When the plane lands, Ran tells Shinichi that she loves him, but ends the moment by telling him that she suddenly sees lights at the site. It turns out that Kid went near a police station and used police cars  as guiding lights to land the plane. All went well, and the movie ends with Ran talking to Shinichi over the phone again arguing about silly things, thinking that it was Kid who guided her to land the plane, and is relieved that her secret isn\'t out.'] ['Two years have passed since Edward Elric was dragged from his homeworld through the Gate of Alchemy to the parallel world of Earth in the year 1923, which is fundamentally governed by the laws of modern science instead of alchemy. Stripped of his alchemical powers and his newly restored arm and leg, Edward researches rocketry in Munich, Germany with his friend Alfons Heiderich, a young man who resembles his brother Alphonse, in the hopes of returning to his world. One day, Edward rescues a troubled, persecuted gypsy woman named Noah from being sold. Noah is taken in by Edward to live with him and Heiderich, and begins having visions concerning Edward\'s life in his world. The next day, Edward meets Fritz Lang, a Jewish film director resembling King Bradley, who persuades Edward into helping him hunt down a "dragon" he has been seeking out for inspiration for his next film. The dragon, which turns out to be homunculus Envy, attacks Edward until he is weakened and captured by members of the Thule Society. The Thule Society, led by Karl Haushofer and Dietlinde Eckhart, use Envy and Edward\'s kidnapped father Hohenheim as catalysts to open a portal to Edward\'s world, believing it to be the utopia Shamballa after learning about it from Hohenheim. A number of armored soldiers are sent through the portal, only to emerge on the other side in the city of Liore as mutated zombie-like creatures. Alphonse, who had come to visit Liore, fights off the armored soldiers and merges a part of his soul to one of their suits to aid him in combat. The soul-bonded suit then was pulled through the portal where it was encountered by Edward briefly before the enchantment wore off. Meanwhile, Edward breaks into the Thule Society headquarters and accidentally reopens the portal, returning the dead armored soldiers to Earth and allowing Alphonse\'s armored form to briefly reunite with his brother before his soul returns to his body, increasing Edward\'s determination to return to his world. Alphonse is guided by the homunculus Wrath to the underground city beneath Amestris\'s Central City to reopen the Gate of Alchemy. There they are attacked by the homunculus Gluttony, who brutally fights and mortally wounds Wrath. At Wrath\'s insistence, Alphonse transmutes and sacrifices the two homunculi to use as material to open the Gate. Meanwhile, in Munich, the Thule Society persuades Noah into guiding them on how to correctly open the Gate based on what she had learned from reading Edward\'s mind. Edward learns from Lang that the Thule Society plans to use the weapons from his world to help Adolf Hitler in his attempt to start a revolution, and heads to stop them. Hohenheim and Envy are both transmuted at the same time that Alphonse transmutes Gluttony and Wrath. With the Gate opened, Eckhart leads a fleet into the other world, where she gains the ability to use alchemy. However, she begins to go mad with power and fear of her new surroundings and launches an attack on Central City. Heiderich launches Edward in a rocket-powered plane to return him to his world before being gunned down. Edward appears in his world and is reunited with Alphonse and his friend Winry Rockbell, who fits Edward with new automail limbs. The Amestris military manages to stop most of Eckhart\'s soldiers with the help of Roy Mustang. Edward battles Eckhart before Alphonse transmutes parts of his soul to a group of armors, which attack her and force her to retreat. Upon reappearing in her own world, Eckhart is covered with shadow creatures from the Gate and killed by an officer out of alarm of her new, monstrous appearance. Understanding the danger the connection between the two worlds poses, Edward returns to Earth to seal the Gate on that side, knowing he will be trapped on Earth forever. Instead of sealing the Gate on the other world\'s side as per Edward\'s request, however, Alphonse has Mustang seal the Gate and follows Edward to remain with his brother. Following Heiderich\'s funeral, the Elric brothers leave Munich with Noah, intending to destroy the weapons meant to be used in Hitler\'s attack and enjoy their new lives together on Earth.'] [' Sixteen-year-old Umi Matsuzaki  lives in Coquelicot Manor, a boarding house overlooking the Port of Yokohama in Japan. Her mother Ryoko  is a medical professor studying abroad in the United States. Umi runs the house and looks after her younger siblings Sora  and Riku  and her grandmother Hana . College student Sachiko Hirokouji  and doctor-in-training Miki Hokuto  also live there. Each morning, Umi raises a set of signal flags with the message "I pray for safe voyages". A poem about the flags being raised by a local girl is published in the school newspaper. Shun Kazama , the poem\'s author, witnesses the flags from sea as he rides a tugboat to school. Umi meets Shun when he participates in a daredevil stunt for the newspaper, leaving Umi with a negative first impression. Later, Umi accompanies Sora to obtain Shun\'s autograph at the Quartier Latin, an old and dilapidated building housing the high school\'s clubs. Umi discovers Shun publishes the school newspaper, with his friend Shirō Mizunuma , the school\'s student government president. She ends up helping on the newspaper. Umi is in the audience when Shun takes part in a lively debate on the future of the building, which may be demolished. At Umi\'s suggestion, the female student body helps renovate the building. At Umi\'s house, she shows Shun a photograph of three young naval men; one of the three men is her late father Yūichirō Sawamura, who was killed in the Korean War. Shun begins isolating himself from Umi; he has the same photograph, and thinks that they may be half-siblings. Umi is hurt by Shun\'s response, though he eventually reveals the news. The renovation of Quartier Latin is complete; however, the board of education decides to go ahead with demolishing the building. In desperation, the students nominate Shun, Umi, and Shirō to visit Tokyo and meet with Tokumaru , a businessman and chairman of the school board. The trio travels through the city, which is in preparation for the 1964 Summer Olympics, and successfully convince Tokumaru to visit Quartier Latin. On their way home, Shirō leaves Umi and Shun. Umi professes her love to Shun, in spite of their situation, and he reciprocates her feelings. Arriving home late that evening, Umi discovers her mother has at last returned from overseas. Ryoko reveals that Shun\'s father was Hiroshi Tachibana - the second man in the photograph. Tachibana was killed in accident on a repatriation ships. Shun\'s mother died in childbirth. Yūichirō registered the child as his own, to avoid leaving Shun as an orphan in the confused post-War years. However, Ryoko could not raise Shun, as she was pregnant with Umi during her time as a medical student. As a result, Shun was given to the Kazamas, a local couple who had lost their newborn at the time. Umi, however, still has concerns. The next day, Tokumaru arrives in Yokohama. Impressed by the students\' efforts in renovating Quartier Latin, the chairman decides to abandon the demolition. However, Umi and Shun are called away from the celebrations and rush to the harbor. They meet Yoshio Onodera , now a ship\'s Captain, who was the third man in the photograph, and the sole survivor of the three. Onodera confirms that Umi and Shun are not related by blood, and tells the full story of the three naval men in the previous era. With everything resolved, Umi returns to Coquelicot Manor and happily resumes her morning routine of raising the flags.'] [' Following the events of Appleseed, ESWAT members Deunan Knute and Briareos Hecatonchires infiltrate a cathedral somewhere outside of Olympus and find European Union officials taken hostages. After rescuing the EU officials and destroying the cyborgs, ESWAT return to Olympus, where Briareos is confined to hospital until he recovers, while Deunan continues ESWAT work. When Deunan\'s commanding officer Lance introduces her to her new partner, Tereus, she is shocked as her partner resembles Briareos\' human form. Deunan confronts Lance for an explanation, and is given the tour of the new Bioroid production facility. During the tour, Hitomi, a bioroid that Deunan befriended during those events, is mentioned to now be a minister of political affairs. Here it is shown that Tereus is actually a Bioroid; a prototype for a whole new production line of Bioroids to be soldiers without negative emotions to impact their judgment in fighting. As his physical and mental strength was found to be most desirable in ESWAT, Briareos\' DNA was used mostly in Tereus\' design. Reluctantly, Deunan is partnered up with Tereus to evaluate his performance. While departing, Deunan encounters Hitomi and Hitomi gives her a ride home. Deunan notices that many Olympus citizens are wearing Connexus; a device on their ears which projects holographic data over the eyes. Deunan, Lance and Hitomi visit Briareos, still recovering in hospital. Here, Lance states that out of the last five terrorist incidents, four of them have been by groups composed solely of cyborgs, with transmitted signals from surrounding locations, thus suggesting that digitally vulnerable cyborgs are actually being manipulated to perform these acts. Because many of these cyborgs consist of parts made by Poseidon, a multinational industrial conglomerate, an emissary is sent to Prime Minister Athena. The emissary denies Poseidon blame, but Olympus still boycotts them, which Poseidon finds undesirable as other world powers may follow suit. Meanwhile, Hitomi hosts a birthday party, in which Deunan is happy to find Briareos attending now that he\'s fully recovered. Briareos meets Tereus for the first time - which makes him uncomfortable - but the two accept each other. Briareos also accepts Deunan\'s new partnership with Tereus, and has found someone other than Deunan to partner with, which upsets her. She storms off, but is eventually joined by Tereus, who displays many of Briareos\' personality traits, which by Deunan\'s own admission makes her feel "confused." The next day, Athena and an assemblage of world leaders discuss making a global security network by merging all the satellites worldwide to prevent terrorist attacks before they happen. ESWAT and the Olympus police forces set up barricades around the conference hall. ESWAT personnel pick up the broadcast of an unknown signal. Soon enough, a variety of vehicles and non-cybernetic humans begin to assault the conference, much to the confusion of ESWAT and the regular police. Even more strangely, at the same time, Aeacus kills an engineer on board an ESWAT transport, declaring, "We will all be one. I am Halcon" and destroys it to escape wearing his Land-Mate. Briareos rushes to the explosion, and initially tries to stop Aeacus but ends up killing him. As Deunan and Tereus arrive, Tereus uncovers the mysterious signal coming from robotic doves. Simultaneously, the unknown signal disappears, and the attackers collapse. A funeral is held sometime later for Aeacus. At the same time all the satellites are joined, Briareos is nearly run down by an unmanned vehicle. He stops it but suddenly goes berserk and hacks into a public terminal, crashing the main satellite control, forcing Olympus to switch to a backup. Briareos is hospitalized, with the unknown signal ruled out as the cause of his outburst. Briareos gets suspicious of his cyborg doctor, Richard Kestner, who operated on him after his accident. He has Hitomi look up Kestner\'s files, learning that he once worked with Poseidon\'s Halcon Laboratories - but all records of his project are mysteriously erased. Briaereos breaks out and tracks down Kestner, who confesses that he is part of a plan to "unify" humanity through erasing individuality, to which he attributes the source of human conflict. He then reveals that he secretly injected Briareos with nanites designed to take control of his body when his adrenaline heats up. Kestner then commits suicide before the police arrive, making them think that Briareos killed him. Briareos escapes, but is cornered by Tereus. Deunan arrives just on scene with an antidote designed to suppress the nanites. The virus Kestner placed in the backup network takes control of the satellites and, through these satellites, all people linked to the Connexus, compelling them to riot against Olympus. Believing that Poseidon knows something about all this, Briareos, Tereus and Deunan track down a Poseidon convoy to learn about Halcon. As they discover, Halcon was once the leading scientific laboratory until they started mind control experiments, which Poseidon was forced to end when the project lead Elizabeth Xander was killed in an accident. Poseidon assists the ESWAT officers in infiltrating the fortress where the Halcon signal is transmitting. Once they are in the control center, they discover that Xander was resurrected as a cyborg to control all those linked to the Connexus. Deunan manages to briefly free her from Halcon control with the last syringe of antidote. With little time before the virus retakes control, Xander frees all the enthralled before pleading Deunan to kill her, which she does so with great reluctance. The heroes then escape the collapsing fortress and return to Olympus.'] ['{{nihongo}} is a school that caters to children and from rich, high-society families. Hence, Makino, who comes from a poor family, is considered by others as the "weed" of the school. The school is ruled by the "Flower Four" group, more commonly known as the F4. The F4 leader, and son of the wealthiest, most powerful family in Japan, Tsukasa Domyouji, takes an interest in Tsukushi because she is the only girl at Eitoku who does not fawn over him. However, his hot-headed nature and bullying ways are originally a major turn-off for Tsukushi, who has her sights set on Rui Hanazawa. The violinist Rui Hanazawa, Tsukasa\'s best friend, becomes Tsukushi\'s first serious romantic interest. He is a quiet and cool guy, but he has a soft spot for his close friend and Tsukushi\'s idol, the model Shizuka Todou, whom he harbored feelings for since childhood. His character is a bit complex, and always has changing feelings for Tsukushi, but above all cares about her a lot. The other two members of the F4 are Akira Mimasaka, the laid-back peacemaker of the group, and Sojirou Nishikado, an unrepentant playboy. They both usually have at least one girlfriend at any one time; Akira prefers older women because the women of his household  are quite childish. Sojirou is happy to be in casual relationships with many women, although we later discover that at one time he was in love with a childhood friend. Over time, Tsukushi\'s feelings towards Tsukasa evolve, as she begins to appreciate the degree of change that occurred in Tsukasa once he fell in love with her. Tsukasa becomes fiercely loyal to Tsukushi and believes in her beyond all doubt, and slowly gets her to see him in a different light. However, because of the difference in their family background, Tsukushi and Tsukasa\'s relationship received a lot of opposition from Tsukasa\'s mother. Tsukasa\'s mother then tries all ways and means to break the pair up.'] ['Angel\'s Egg follows the daily life of an unnamed young girl in a surreal world of darkness and shadows. The girl is the keeper of a mysterious egg. She spends her time collecting bottles and artifacts in a gothic, abandoned city. An unnamed man arrives in the dark town one day riding a machine, wearing a cross-like weapon on his back and having bandaged hands. The two meet and talk, though their dialogue consists mostly of the single, repeated question "Who are you?" Meanwhile, the shadows of giant coelacanths appear within the town, and then the many human statues which line it come to life and begin hunting the fishes with spears. This scares the girl and the man holds her protectively under his long coat. The girl leads the man out the city toward a strange rock where she lives and they come across a carving of a strange tree. The man tells the girl that he has seen it before but is unable to remember where. Inside the girl\'s vast cavernous "refuge", which contains many strange fossils and her collection, the man tells the girl the story of Noah\'s Ark, but changes the climax of that story. He waits for the girl to fall asleep and breaks the egg. The girl reacts in anguish and follows the departing man, only to fall into a ravine of water and die. Her dying exhalation under the water blossoms into bubbles of "eggs" on the surface. The film ends with the man standing alone on a desolate beach as a strange machine rises from the ocean carrying a statue of the girl and ascends for the heavens as the "world" being revealed as a settlement on the edge of a hollow shell floating through an endless sea, though this is not elaborated upon.'] ['While walking her guard rounds in the country, 17 year old Doris Lang, daughter of a deceased werewolf hunter, is attacked by Count Magnus Lee, the 10,000 year old, long-lost vampire lord. Magnus intends to make Doris his new zombie vampire bride. Doris later encounters a mysterious horseman, D , whom she hires to protect her from the vampires. The young hunter becomes a pawn in a conflict between Count Lee, his daughter Lamica and the mutant servant Rei Ginsei. Greco Rohman, the mayor\'s son, also wants the feisty Doris for himself. When Doris is kidnapped by Count Lee, D battles his way into the vampire\'s gigantic fortress to rescue her. Lamica\'s loyalties are torn when she becomes disgusted with her father\'s lack of "nobility." There is a long rescue attempt, with numerous running battles, as D tries to defeat the count and prevent Doris from transforming into a vampire. Once D defeats the count, the castle crumbles and D escapes with Doris and her brother Dan. D sets off under a now clear blue sky. Doris and her little brother wave him off as D looks back briefly and smiles. He then rides off into the sunset.'] ['The movie opens with Arsène Lupin III and Daisuke Jigen escaping in a Fiat 500 after robbing a casino in Monaco, only to discover that their entire haul is counterfeit. Lupin recognizes the distinctively high quality counterfeit bills from his early days as a thief when he was almost killed while searching for their source. He decides to seek out the source again, and the two head off to the rumored source of the bills, the Grand Duchy of Cagliostro. Shortly after arriving, they rescue a young girl being pursued by a gang of thugs, with her and Lupin falling off a cliff while escaping. Lupin is knocked unconscious, and the girl captured, but she leaves him a distinctive signet ring. Lupin later discovers that the girl, Clarisse, is the princess of Cagliostro and is to be married to the Count, the country\'s regent. The Count wants to cement his power and recover the fabled ancient treasure of Cagliostro, for which he needs both his ancestral ring and the princess\'s. After narrowly escaping a group of the Count\'s elite assassins, Lupin calls on Goemon Ishikawa XIII to help him and Jigen in their new quest to rescue the princess. He also tips off his longtime pursuer, Inspector Koichi Zenigata, to his whereabouts to provide a distraction. Zenigata\'s presence and a party give Lupin enough cover to sneak into the castle. There he finds his former lover, Fujiko Mine, posing as Clarisse\'s lady-in-waiting and she tells him where the princess is being held. Lupin makes his way to Clarisse, returns her ring, and promises to help her to escape. Before he can act, the Count ambushes them with his assassins and an oddly unperturbed Lupin is dropped down a trapdoor into the bowels of the castle. The returned ring turns out to be a fake, left by Lupin as a practical joke as part of his plan to be delivered into the area he wants to investigate. Infuriated, the Count flushes him deeper into the cellars, which are full of the bodies of spies killed while trying to learn the secrets of Cagliostro and the counterfeit bills. While down there, Lupin bumps into Inspector Zenigata, who was accidentally dropped down earlier. The two form a pact to help each other escape, which they accomplish by overpowering the assassins sent to recover the ring. Their escape leads them to a room full of printing presses—the source of the counterfeits. Zenigata wants to collect evidence, but Lupin points out they must escape the castle first. They start a fire as a distraction and steal the Count\'s autogyro. However, as they attempt to rescue Clarisse, Lupin is shot and seriously wounded. Clarisse offers the ring to the Count in exchange for Lupin\'s life. After securing the ring, the Count\'s attempt at betrayal is foiled when Fujiko\'s quick actions allow her, Lupin, and Zenigata to escape. While Lupin is convalescing, Zenigata tries to convince his superiors at INTERPOL to prosecute the Count for counterfeiting, but fearing political repercussions, they halt the investigation and remove him from the case. Meanwhile, despite his wounds, Lupin vows to stop the wedding and rescue the princess. Fujiko tips off Lupin on a way to sneak into the castle, and makes a plan with Zenigata to publicly reveal the counterfeiting operation under cover of pursuing Lupin. The wedding appears to go as planned with a drugged Clarisse until Lupin\'s "ghost" disrupts the ceremony. The Count calls his guards, but Lupin makes off with Clarisse and both her and the Count\'s rings. Meanwhile, Zenigata and his squad arrive in the chaos and the detective leads Fujiko, posing as a television reporter, to the Count\'s counterfeiting facility to expose the operation to the world. Lupin and Clarisse flee the Count, the chase ending on the face of the castle\'s clock tower. Lupin is forced to surrender the rings to save Clarisse, and they are both knocked into the lake surrounding the tower. The Count then uses the rings to reveal the secret of Cagliostro, only to be crushed by the mechanism as it moves to unveil the treasure. Lupin and Clarisse watch as the lake around the castle drains to reveal exquisite ancient Roman ruins—the true treasure of Cagliostro. Lupin and his friends leave Clarisse as Zenigata chases after them again and Fujiko makes off with the plates from the counterfeit printing presses.'] ["The movie begins with an orange haired girl, Julia Crichton, waking up from a dream about the day her family was forcibly taken from her home by soldiers beside her older brother Ashley who is studying their parents' alchemy books. Soon the siblings hear some strange noises and Ashley goes ahead to investigate, but a worried Julia follows to a room where she finds the bodies of her parents hung up and dripping blood. She watches in horror as her brother is attacked and presumably murdered to which she faints. Years later, a criminal breaks free from prison in Amestris, and the Elric brothers Edward and Alphonse join the effort to recapture him. The duo confronts the escapee who proves himself a dangerous opponent able to create ice and lightning from the alchemy circles drawn in blood on the palms on his hands. Despite the Elrics' efforts to capture the criminal, he ends up escaping, and after some investigation with Edward's superior Roy Mustang and his assistant Riza Hawkeye, they learn that the fugitive, Melvin Voyager escaped despite him being weeks away from being released from jail. Among his belongings, they find a newspaper page with a piece cut off, and comparing with an intact copy of the same page, they find that the missing piece is a photo of a young woman named Julia Crichton who was arrested while entering illegally in the remote Table City, set in the border between Amestris and Creta. Intrigued by the alchemy used by the criminal and his connection with Julia, the Elrics board a train to Table City to investigate further, but the train is attacked by an unknown individual who transforms into a wolf-chimera and takes control of the locomotive."] ['Harah is a kumiho in the guise of a beautiful young woman, who desperately desires to become human. She falls in love with a charming taxi driver, Hyuk, and tries to use him to achieve her goal. But an agent from hell has been sent to track down and destroy her.'] ["The film opens with Naruto Uzumaki, Sakura Haruno and Sasuke Uchiha watching a film starring Yukie Fujikaze, in a local cinema. Kakashi Hatake has summoned them to watch it as preparation for their next mission: to prevent Yukie, who plays Princess Gale in the films, from being captured during production of her latest film. Yukie is later revealed to be Koyuki Kazahana, a princess from an island known as the Land of Snow. Doto Kazahana, who is revealed to be Koyuki's uncle, was responsible for the murder of her father Sosetsu in a coup d'etat. During the shooting of the film, Doto's henchmen, wearing Chakra armor, attempt to capture the princess, but Team 7 manages to delay the princess from being captured. Doto eventually captures Koyuki and kills her bodyguards, who reveal themselves in an attempt to protect and restore her rightful place as the ruler of the Land of Snow. Naruto enters the ship to rescue the princess, only to be captured and forced to wear a chakra-draining device. Doto forces Koyuki to hand over a crystal necklace her father had given her when she was young, thinking that this is a key that can unlock the hidden treasure Sosetsu had left behind before detaining both Koyuki and Naruto. Sakura, Sasuke and Kakashi infiltrate the fortress while Naruto and Koyuki escape from captivity. They confront Doto but he manages to capture the crystal necklace and flees with Koyuki. Naruto proceeds to follow Doto while the remaining members of Team 7 confront Doto's henchmen. Kakashi gets his revenge by defeating Doto's henchman Nadare Roga, while Sakura and Sasuke defeat the other two henchmen Fubuki Kakuyoku and Mizore Fuyukuma. Meanwhile, Doto discovers the hidden treasure to transform the island into the Land of Spring using a heat generator. Naruto confronts him in a duel, but gets overpowered while Sasuke uses his Chidori to weaken Doto's armour. Soon after, Naruto releases his energy and uses his new Seven Colored Chakra Rasengan, killing Doto and activating a mirror to transform the land. At the end of the film, Koyuki decides to reclaim her rightful place of royalty and even mentions personally with Team 7 that even in the life of royalty, her acting career will not end."] [' {{nihongo}} is a 21-minute short film that is shown before Mewtwo Strikes Back in both the theatrical, VHS and the DVD version of the main film. It is the first of the "Pikachu shorts" in what would be a traditional process of hosting a 20+ minute mini-movie before the main Pokémon feature that would last up until the sixth that would follow, focuses primarily on an action-packed affair involving solely the Pokémon seen from the anime as they take part in a scenario that eventually illustrates a moral. In Pokémon fan communities, Pikachu\'s Vacation was noted for introducing the never-before-seen Pokémon character Snubbull, as well as the first primary anime appearance of Marill. This became a tradition for all Pikachu shorts, as they were used to introduce new Pokémon from the upcoming "generations" of Pokémon games, cards, and anime material. When Ash and his friends stumble upon a Pokémon-only vacation resort, they decide to let their Pokémon have a day of fun and relaxation and let all their Pokémon out as the trainers go relaxing on their own. Pikachu and the Pokémon (Bulbasaur, Charizard, Squirtle, Pidgeotto, Geodude, Onix, Vulpix, [[Zubat  go off into the resort and immediately contend with an unhappy Togepi, which they succeed in doing. Soon, a group of border-ruffian Pokémon — a Raichu, Cubone, Snubbull, and Marill — come along and immediately cause trouble for Pikachu\'s group. The ensuing standoff soon becomes a series of competitions such as a swimming race. Their increasingly passionate rivalry soon comes to a standstill when Pikachu\'s companion Charizard finds its head stuck. Putting aside their squabble, Pikachu and Raichu\'s groups join together to release Charizard, and they soon find themselves as friends for the rest of the day. At the end of the day, Pikachu and his fellow Pokémon leave the resort with fond memories and new friends and rejoin their trainers.  The Pokémon Mewtwo was created in an island laboratory from the DNA of Mew, a rare Pokémon believed to be extinct, recovered from fossilized remains. Displeased with the concept of being nothing more than a mere lab experiment, Mewtwo destroys the laboratory.http://www.nydailynews.com/archives/entertainment/1999/11/10/1999-11-10__pokemon__a_catchy_toon_crea.html{{dead link}} Shortly afterward, he meets Giovanni, the head of Team Rocket, who proposes a partnership with the Pokémon in exchange of helping it control its powers. Mewtwo is "trained" over the next few months, being pitted against challengers in Giovanni\'s gym and restraining Pokémon for Team Rocket to capture. Mewtwo eventually realizes that Giovanni is merely using him as a tool and destroys his headquarters. Mewtwo flies back to the island where it was created and begins plotting revenge against humanity. Meanwhile, Ash Ketchum and his friends Misty, Brock, Pikachu, and all their Pokémon companions receive an invitation to a party hosted by the world\'s "greatest Pokémon Master" on New Island. Ash and his friends are excited and rush to the docks in an attempt to catch a boat to New Island, but a storm is mysteriously formed and all boat rides to the island are canceled. Undeterred, several trainers make their way out to the island by riding their Pokémon, though neither Ash nor his friends have any Pokémon of their own that can help them safely navigate the stormy sea. In their latest plot to steal rare Pokémon, Team Rocket offers the trio a lift to the island, disguised as a pair of Vikings, but their small wooden boat is destroyed by a wave. Ash and his friends manage to reach the island with their aquatic Pokémon, and are escorted inside the palace on the island. Mewtwo reveals itself to Ash, his friends, and three other trainers who braved the storm battle as the "World\'s Greatest Pokémon Master," and that it had created the storm with its powers to test the trainers\' wills. After being berated by Mewtwo for the relationships they share with their Pokémon, Ash and some of the other trainers challenge Mewtwo after witnessing Mewtwo\'s confession of having kidnapped Nurse Joy for his own personal purposes, the trainers pit their Pokémon against clones of Venusaur, Blastoise, and Charizard. The clones easily defeat the trainers\' Pokémon. Mewtwo proceeds to steal all the Pokémon present, including Ash\'s Pikachu, with a special set of Poké Balls. Ash pursues his Pokémon as they are taken deep into a cloning facility on the island and rescues them while they are being cloned. The clones join with Mewtwo and the cloning machine explodes, releasing all the captured Pokémon. Mewtwo announces its intentions to overthrow humanity with its army of Pokémon and rule the world. Enraged, Ash lashes out at Mewtwo, who repels and blasts him away with its psychic powers. Ash is saved by Mew, the rare, playful Pokémon having appeared periodically before, who is engaged by Mewtwo. A brutal battle between the trainers\' Pokémon and their clones erupts, although Pikachu refuses to fight with its own clone . The trainers are unable to bear this senseless violence, even while the two sides grow fatigued and Mew and Mewtwo continue fighting. In an attempt to put an end to the ordeal, Mew and Mewtwo sum up all their remaining powers for one final duel. As they open fire however, Ash runs to the center of the arena in a brave but desperate attempt to stop the fight. Ash is turned into stone in the attack, and he collapses in the center of the arena. Pikachu runs to the side of its now-deceased trainer. After trying to get him off the floor, Pikachu attempts again using Thunderbolt, but in vain. In its grief, Pikachu starts crying for its fallen master, the other Pokémon in the arena doing the same. The tears reach Ash, their mystical healing powers reviving him. As everyone rejoices, Mewtwo, taken aback by Ash\'s act of selflessness to save all the Pokémon, has an epiphany over the relationship between humans and Pokémon, and realizes that the circumstances of how one is born should not be allowed to divide anyone. It leaves the island with Mew and the cloned Pokémon, erasing everyone else\'s memory of the horrifying incident, knowing it is for the best. Ash and his friends find themselves back on the docks with no idea how they got there. Ash looks up to the sky and spots Mew flying past, and recounts to his friends how he saw a rare Pokémon on the first day of his journey.'] [" The plot centers on Team Rocket and their newest base. The Pokémon of Team Rocket had managed to successfully captured three Whismur, which were to provide entertainment to Giovanni when he arrived. To force the Whismur to cooperate, Meowth had a baton that, when a switch was pressed on the end, made Pokémon dance uncontrollably. Meanwhile, Pikachu, Treecko, Torchic, Mudkip, and Lotad stumble upon the base, and attempt to free the Whismur. One of the running gags in the short is how the dancing Baton is activated or deactivated by accident, which leads to the accidental destruction of the base. Eventually, a Ludicolo and a Loudred are also involved.  The story revolves around the Millennium Comet, which appears in the night sky for seven days once every thousand years. It is, at the same time, when the legendary Pokémon Jirachi awakens from a long slumber to absorb the comet's energy. This energy, in turn, is released into the Earth itself, making an area known as Forina grow. This time, however, a magician known as Butler, along with his longtime girlfriend Diane, unearth the stone that had encased Jirachi, and take it away from Forina. Meanwhile, in celebration of the Millennium Comet appearance, Ash Ketchum and company arrive at a wide crater, which is where the festival of the Millennium Comet is meant to be. They then decide to wait until morning and go to sleep. While they're sleeping, the festival arrives; Pikachu, Ash's companion, wakes up and wakes all the others, and they watch the festival being set up. At the festival, May buys a seven-panelled novelty that is said to grant a person one wish if a panel is closed for each night the comet appears and is visible in the sky. When Ash and Max accidentally volunteer for one of Butler's magic tricks (because [[Max , Max is introduced to Jirachi, who he hears talking from inside the rock. Butler lets Max take the rock, which hatches into Jirachi later that night. Before Jirachi hatches, May buys a wish from a man who says she has to reveal her wish by the last day of the Millenium Comet. Hoping the wishing ability was true, Max wishes for candy, lots of candy, and it appears—but it is revealed that instead of creating the candy, Jirachi teleported it from a stall in the festival. The intentions of Butler are soon revealed: he was a former scientist for Team Magma who was seeking to resurrect the legendary Pokémon Groudon. Butler had devised the perfect system, but could not find the necessary amount of power; to this end, he had hoped to use the energy Jirachi absorbed for his own purposes. Seeing this danger, the Pokémon Absol, whose presence usually indicated impending disaster, takes Diane and Jirachi, along with Ash and friends, back to Forina. Unbeknownst to them, Butler had set a trap once they returned to where Jirachi was found, and manages to capture Jirachi. Butler attempts to harness Jirachi's power, but is interrupted inside the tent by Ash and his friends. With the help of Diane, they take Butler's bus to Forina so that Jirachi can go home; unknown to them, Butler's Mightyena places a tracking device on the bus as it is leaving. As Ash and his friends travel along bumpy terrain, the device falls off, but Butler still discovers where they are headed. Before the day before Jirachi has to return Max feels upset about losing a friend so Ash tells him about one of his friends Misty and that even though they don't see each other anymore they will always be friends. But before they make it back to Jirachi's home they realize that Butler had followed them there, once again steals Jirachi, and tries to take its power again.  When Butler sets his plan in motion, however, a fake Groudon is created instead, and begins to turn Forina into a wasteland, absorbing the energy from the earth, killing all the plants in sight and absorbing all living creatures. When Diane is absorbed by the fake Groudon, Butler realizes his longtime relationship with Diane is what was important, and with Ash and Max's help he is able to reverse the process, causing the fake Groudon to meltdown and die. Eventually, Jirachi reabsorbs the energy used to create Groudon, and leaves for another thousand years of slumber. May, in all the excitement, forgets to close the last panel of her novelty, but simply brushes it off. Though she never reveals just what she wished for, she is confident it will come true. During the end credits, May gets tired of walking until the man who sold her the wishing star gives them a lift with his truck. Then they look at stars, which form Pokémon from Teddiursa to Pikachu. After that they all watch the festival fireworks. {{clear}}"] ['A middle-school girl named Mikako Nagamine is recruited to the UN Space Army in a war against a group of aliens called the Tarsians, named after the Martian region  where they were first encountered. As a Special Agent, Mikako pilots a Tracer, a giant robotic mecha as part of a fighting squadron attached to the spacecraft carrier Lysithea. When the Lysithea leaves Earth to search for the Tarsians with Mikako on board, Mikako\'s friend Noboru Terao remains behind. The two continue to communicate across interplanetary, and eventually interstellar space via the email facilities on their mobile phones. As the Lysithea travels deeper into space, the emails take increasingly longer to reach Noboru on Earth, and the time-lag of their correspondence eventually spans years. The narrative begins in 2047. Mikako is apparently alone in a hauntingly empty city, trying to contact people through her cell phone. She finally says, in an empty classroom with stacked chairs, "Noboru? I\'m going home, okay?", a rhetorical question which is answered with a busy line on her cell phone. Then she wakes up to discover that she is in her Tracer orbiting an alien gas giant. She then goes to Agartha, the  fourth planet of the Sirius System, . In the middle of the anime proper, she sends an email to Noboru , with the subject "I am here", saying "to the 24-year old Noboru, from the 15-year old Mikako" which would only reach him 8 years, 224 days and 18 hours later, and just hopes it reaches him. Some flashes of imagery, perhaps indicative of memory, a hallucination, or even a mystical encounter, are then shown. It is a morphing character that looks like a younger Mikako. While they\'re speaking however, that character morphs into a Tarsian and then into an older version of herself. The same room where she woke up in the beginning of the animation is presented again, with the same ambience, but this time she is squatting in the corner, sobbing and pleading with her doppelganger to let her see Noboru just one more time to be able to say "I love you" to him. The other being says "It will be all right. You will see him again". The ship\'s alarm starts warning her that the Tarsians are suddenly coming from everywhere. Mikako cries even more, yelling "I don\'t understand!". A climactic battle ensues. Meanwhile, back on Earth, Noboru receives the message, albeit almost 9 years in the future. A voice-over dialogue commences between the two of them which functions as a synchronous soliloquy on the same subject. Meanwhile, back at Agartha, three of the four carriers equipped with the warp engines which brought the expeditionary force to Sirius have been destroyed. The Lysithea is still intact after Mikako joins the fight and stops its destruction. After winning the battle, Mikako lets her damaged Tracer drift in space. Alternatively, in the manga 16 years old Mikako sends a message to 25 years old Noboru, telling him that she loves him. By this time Noboru has joined the UN, who have launched a rescue mission for the Lysithea. When Mikako hears the news from her crew mate that that UN is sending help for their rescue, she consults a list of people on the mission, Noboru being one of them. She ends by saying that they will definitely meet again.'] ['The film opens with the story of two mystical brothers "Thunder" and "Lightning" powerful demons with control over storms, and brothers to dragons who threaten an ancient Japanese lord who agrees to give them his beautiful daughter in exchange for their boon and mercy. However one of his soldiers, who is in love with her has a sword created with magic to defeat Thunder and Lightning, trapping them within the blade for all time. Though safe, the lord\'s honor is wounded by this treacherous act, and in an act of vengeance summons the gods to turn the soldier to stone. He then meets with his daughter, waiting for her rescuer\'s return and kills her. In modern Japan, a folklore expert Professor Sakai obtains the scrolls telling these stories and is suddenly possessed by the spirits of Thunder and Lightning, driving him mad and in search of the sword that possesses their spirits. After he attacks one of his associates; an antique sword collector, the Bureau for Paranormal Research and Defense is alerted and Hellboy, Kate Corrigan, and a psychic Russell Thorne are called with a team to investigate. While there, Hellboy picks up a discarded samurai sword and vanishes. Finding himself in a different world, Hellboy is told by a wise kitsune that the sword is the Sword of Storms, containing the spirits of Thunder and Lightning and the goal of his journey lies to the west. During his time there, Hellboy encounters several mythical Yōkai who try to steal the sword from him including the kappa, a giant oni, a trio of rokurokubi, a Jorōgumo, Gashadokuro, tengu, Yomotsu-shikome, and three restless ghosts. Hellboy also meets a group of nukekubi in a segment of the film that is adapted almost verbatim from the comic book story, Heads. Each of them outsmarted and defeated by the wayward demon. Meanwhile, while investigating his disappearance Abe Sapien and Liz Sherman are called to the sites of disturbing earthquakes and discovers that dragons are burrowing their way up from under the ground and under the ocean. After being confronted by the same kitsune who guided Hellboy, they are instructed they must stop the dragons from emerging. Which Liz manages to hold back using her pyrokinetic abilities. After being attacked by animated objects of folklore, Corrigan and Thorne follow Sakai to a shrine featuring a stone warrior, at the same time, Hellboy is tricked into destroying the sword, returning him to the shrine and releasing Thunder and Lightning, freeing Sakai from the curse. After an intense battle, Hellboy manages to trick both spirits back into the sword, and as a result, the emerging dragons all over the world are sealed back into the underworld for good. The spirits of the maiden and lord inhabit Corrigan and Thorne and the spirit of the soldier returns. He and Hellboy both manage to convince the lord not to kill his daughter, breaking the cycle of their unending deaths. The spirits depart, thankful to Hellboy and the others for helping them.'] [' The story begins on another world where four blue-skinned music stars on an alien planet are performing the song "One More Time" to a similarly blue-skinned audience. At the end of the song, a team of humanoid troops appear, having gone unnoticed until too late by the planet\'s security, subdue everyone with gas, including the band on stage. The band\'s guitarist attempts to escape but gets caught whilst running away and all four musicians are kidnapped and beamed aboard a large space vessel ("[[Aerodynamic . A distress signal is sent out to a nearby ship piloted by Shep. When Shep is first seen he is daydreaming of Stella, bass player of the kidnapped band. He dozes off and is visited by an apparition of Stella. Just as the couple are about to kiss, the alert finally reaches him and brings Shep out of his dream. After receiving the call, Shep is determined to save the band and rockets off in pursuit of the kidnappers. During a chase sequence, Shep and the kidnapping vessel travel through a wormhole and eventually land on Earth. The kidnappers quickly bring the band off as an unidentified leader watches. Shep and his ship crash land into a dense forest . Within a large underground facility, the band goes through an entirely automated process while unconscious. Each member of the group is stripped of their alien garb and have their memories rewritten. Their old memories are archived and stored on disks. The band is then skin-painted and hair-dyed to resemble humans. They are redressed and implanted with mind control devices . The band\'s captor , in the guise of a manager, takes them to a recording studio where a record deal is made. The band, now named The Crescendolls, produce their hit single "One More Time". The names of the protagonists are revealed: Stella , Arpegius , Baryl  and Octave . In no time, The Crescendolls become a worldwide phenomenon . The fame has its disadvantages as the exhausted members of the band are forced to sign large amounts of marketing material. While this is happening, Shep walks the streets at night discovering what has been done to his heroes . The band later appears in concert at a crowded arena. Earl de Darkwood appears on the stage and directs an orchestra. Shep rockets into the stadium and fires a device at Arpegius, Baryl and Octave, freeing all but Stella from the effects of their mind control devices. Leaving Stella behind, Shep and the others hijack a step van and attempt an escape. During a chase, bodyguards catch up to the van in two black cars and mortally wound Shep before crashing into a semi-truck . Still under the control of the Earl, Stella is later taken to a "Gold Record Award" awards ceremony, for which The Crescendolls have received a nomination.When Octave enters the record company\'s building, the security guard is watching a soccer match between France and Japan, with the score being even 1-1. The score later changes to 2-1 as France scores. Both members of Daft Punk are French, and Matsumoto is Japanese. Octave attempts to leave with the disks but is surrounded by guards. He reaches into his jacket to retrieve a page of Veridis Quo, but one of the guards uses a stun gun on him. Due to the electric shock, Octave falls to the ground and turns into his original blue skin color, much to the surprise of the witnesses. The page is taken from Octave\'s hand and reveals what the disks are . Construction crews unearth Shep\'s ship and the police investigate the Record company. Police also search every part of Darkwood Manor. A news report is later shown and depicts scenes of an operation to send The Crescendolls back home. The report also explains the situation and even shows that The Crescendolls were not the only group to have this happen to them. Octave wakes up and is greeted by the band, who are back to normal. As the band prepares to leave, people wave goodbye to the band from all over the world ("[[Face to Face . When the band\'s ship is heading to the wormhole, the Earl\'s essence suddenly appears, engulfing and attacking the ship. Shep\'s essence flies up to the Earl and defeats him, which frees the band. They successfully return to their home planet and are welcomed by its inhabitants. The band is again on the stage and the audience is dancing to their song. Everyone on Earth is also seen dancing to the performance shown on television screens. Outside the stadium, a heroic statue of Shep is unveiled. The camera pans out of the celebration. The viewer experiences a zoom out from the alien planet, to a large star cluster, and then stops with a record player. This reveals a vinyl record playing the Daft Punk album Discovery. A sleeping little boy is shown surrounded by The Crescendolls and Daft Punk toys and other memorabilia.The song featured in the end credits is listed as "Aerodynamic ", though this version differs from the remix featured in Daft Club.'] ['At night, an animal testing laboratory in grimy downtown Oslo is broken into by a group of vegan animal rights activists calling themselves the "urban guerillas". They first release some rabbits, which refuse to leave. They then set the rats free, then cats, which to the horror of the activists, eat the rats. They then release a dog which in turn, again to their horror, kills the cats. They bury the dead animals, vowing to at some point take revenge on "animal oppressing" society. One of them, Sonia, a highly-strung anxiety-stricken woman, keeps the dog and names the dog "Karma". Meanwhile, three inept stoners and bungling habitual criminals named Odd, Gaz and Flea  sit around in a decrepit apartment, watching the news story about the lab break in. Their shady American friend Roy Arnie arrives and offers them a once-in-a-lifetime job opportunity with Circus Stromowski, a travelling Russian circus led by Ringmaster Igor Stromowski. The lads agree as they are in debt with Roy Arnie, and it is apparently a good money-raiser, and to escape a local gangster named Ivan. However, upon arriving at the circus, they find Stromowski to be utterly deranged, the acts dangerous and performers suicidal. The entire circus is full of useless, miserable has-beens and tired animals that will only perform under the influence of narcotics. What\'s more, the four lads are actually to be animal handlers with the dangerous animals in the circus stable. The star attraction is "Jimmy", a captive large male elephant who is paranoid of police and with an ear ring and half a tusk sawn off. Roy Arnie gives Jimmy speed to incite the animal to go crazy and perform in the ring for the spectators. At night, he gives Jimmy heroin to sedate him. Soon the elephant is hooked on the drugs, a junkie. The events of the original movie take place entirely in Norway; in the English language version of the movie, the story begins in Britain, and ends up in Norway with the travelling circus. Roy Arnie admits to the others that he has stolen over a million pounds worth of heroin which he stole from a tanker belonging to the Russian Mafia, and that he decided on the circus to escape them. The four lads hatch a plan to smuggle the heroin out of Norway by putting all the heroin inside the elephant. Roy makes an incision in Jimmy\'s buttocks, places the bags of drugs inside, and then sews it back up. He has a plan to set up his own circus with the money potentially made from the heroin, the "Roy Arnie Circus", and believes Jimmy to be the key to his dream. However on the night the lads plan to steal the elephant, Jimmy escapes when he is accidentally given speed instead of heroin, and he bolts out of a door left open by the animal rights activists. Jimmy\'s drug-induced escape causes widespead chaos. Flea comically steals a van with no windshield in the ensuing chase of Jimmy, which leads them up into the frozen moorland. Three bizarrely-dressed bikers who have been tailing the lads the whole time turn out to be three members of the highly feared "Laplander Mafia" who have been hired by the Russians and are looking for the heroin, and revenge on Roy Arnie. After overhearing their conversations they learn of where the drugs are, and decide to first go after the elephant. Meanwhile, the animal rights activists are hot on Jimmy\'s trail with the intention of rescuing Jimmy. Jimmy is hunted by a group of trigger happy, redneck-type big game hunters who want to shoot something bigger than a moose for a change. So begins a mad cap cross country road trip to find Jimmy, with different groups with different motives. The four stoners crash a log cabin which is occupied by an elderly American couple, but the three Lappish Mafia bikers find them there, kill the couple and torture the four stoners for information on the whereabouts of Jimmy the elephant. Jimmy nearly dies on the moors as he begins to go through cold turkey, although a seemingly intelligent and benevolent moose with golden antlers befriends the elephant and attempts to nurse him back to health by nudging him towards water and bringing him grass to eat. The moose pushes Jimmy into a rocky overhang, protecting the elephant from the elements. The moose forces Jimmy to stand on occasion by pushing him up and holding him up with his antlers, bringing back the strength in Jimmy\'s legs. Over the course of a few painful days, with the moose\'s help, Jimmy makes a full recovery from the drugs, and again becomes one with nature away from the ugly trappings of man. When the groups converge on Jimmy\'s location, chaos ensues which results in most of the people involved getting killed in various ways. As the elephant and the moose escape into the sunset, Jimmy steps on Sonia the activist\'s dog, Karma, splatting it. Sonia momentarily loses her temper and picks up one of the hunters\' rifles and shoots Jimmy in the behind, unwittingly bursting the bags of heroin inside and causing Jimmy to die within minutes . This causes Sonia to recoil in horror in what she has done, and then she and her friend scream and run off. The moose causes a landslide which buries Jimmy\'s body, and after the moose sits poignantly by the mound of rocks which now entomb Jimmy, it gallops off into the sunset alone. The only other survivors of the massacre, the four stoners, do not witness these events and believing Jimmy still alive they continue to look for Jimmy on the moors. Eventually, they all beat up Roy Arnie for leading them to the situation in the first place, because of his mad circus dreams, and "for Jimmy", "our mate". At the end of the film, full of remorse over what he has done in the past, Roy Arnie goes out alone into a terrible blizzard on the moors to look for Jimmy, who he does not know is dead.'] ["A movie studio is being torn down. TV interviewer Genya Tachibana has tracked down its most famous star, Chiyoko Fujiwara, who has been a recluse since she left acting some 30 years ago. Tachibana delivers a key to her, and it causes her to reflect on her career; as she's telling the story, Tachibana and his long-suffering cameraman are drawn in. The key was given to her as a teenager by a painter and revolutionary that she helped to escape the police. She becomes an actress because it will make it possible to track him down, and she spends the next several decades acting out that search in various genres and eras.{{cite web}}"] ['{{Plot}} Takagi and Sato chase thieves that robbed a supermarket. The thieves are injured in a car accident. One faints, the other is questioned. He mentions Koumijima , and Jolly Roger. The scene changes to show Mouri Kogoro talking to the hotel receptionist on Koumijima. Behind him are the Detective kids, Professor Agasa, Ran and Sonoko. Kogoro brags how he won 300,000 yen by finishing a crossword puzzle, which Conan actually solved. The receptionist tells them their reservation was not found. At that moment the department head of the Tourism Agency, Iwanaga Jouji, appears and confirms their reservation but saying it is not at the hotel. Afterwards, three muscular men walk past them and Conan proclaims they\'re treasure hunters. The detective boys excluding Conan and Ai are excited there is a hidden treasure on the island. They are driven to an inn owned by Mima Kasuo. Iwanaga helps them plan their activities. The detective kids are going on a treasure hunt, Ran and Sonoko are going diving, and Kogoro is going drinking. Ran and Sonoko go to the diving shop owned by Mabuchi Chika to rent diving equipment. Yamakuchi Kimiko the diving instructor will come with them on their dive. Meanwhile, the detective boys are taught about the legend of the pirate duo, Anne Bonney and Mary Read and the treasure they buried on this island. Iwanaga then gives the detective boys treasure maps with five spots for stamps. The stamps are two numbers, either red or blue. They must find the locations via clues in treasure boxes beside the table for stamps. They get their first stamp in the museum. Their first clue is "Even if the setting sun is almost at its end, a pirate still shines.". Iwanaga lets them rent bicycles and they start the search. Back to Ran, Sonoko, and Kimiko, they are diving when they see a shark. They hide in the corner and find sharks surrounding the three treasure hunters, one soaked in blood and bleeding badly. The two men defend the wounded person, one by using his oxygen mask to blow oxygen at the sharks, and one by using his swimming motor to push them away. The three ladies bring the boat and the men climb onto the boat with their injured friend. Back with the detective kids, they found the second stamp in a cave with bio-luminescent planktons. The second clue is "The thin pirate would laugh.". Ai tells Conan that she saw the boat that Ran used for diving and that someone was bleeding. Conan worried about it so he follows the boat to the infirmary. At the infirmary Conan finds Ran is safe. The two men are praying for their partners recovery, but he is pronounced dead. Conan, finding it suspicious that professional treasure hunts were attacked by sharks examines the dead partner\'s clothing. In his diving suit was a plastic bag with fish blood. He explains the deeper you go in water, the higher the pressure increases and that the bag exploded attracting the sharks. Just then Mouri Kogoro comes through the window drunk. Ai sets up the evidence so it can be noticed by Kogoro. Kogoro proclaims to the people in the infirmary a murder has taken place. Conan goes to the diving shop to investigate since the diving suits are stored there. He learns that the shop does not fear thieves so it is never locked, making anyone the culprit. Back at the lodging, Conan discusses this with Professor Agasa. The detective boys call Conan asking him for help and telling him they are at the hanging bridge. Ai decides to stay behind. Ayumi and Mitsuhiko cross the bridge while Genta follows slowly behind. A sign tells them that anyone that weighs more than 40&nbsp;kg can not cross the bridge. Ayumi and Mitsuhiko figure out the clue, "The thin pirate would laugh, while the fat one would cry.". Ayumi and Mitsuhiko find the third stamp, and find the second clue, "Pirates don\'t cry.". Conan comes and proclaims that sign is just a hint and is not the actual bridge limit and crosses. They all return back to the lodge for dinner. Back at the hotel, Inspector Megure, Takagi, and Sato arrive by helicopter to interrogate the two treasure hunters. The treasure hunters names are revealed to be Izu Yamamtaro and Matsumoto Mitsushi. After refusal to cooperate, Takagi tricks one of the members into giving his fingerprints by giving them a match for their cigarettes. After dinner, Mima tells the detective boys what the crying pirates are. They go to the beach where when wet sand is stepped on, it makes the sound of a sob. They walk to the part where the sand does not sob and find an old broken boat. Inside the boat, is the fourth stamp and the third clue "Pirate\'s souls will go to heaven.". Conan notices that the treasure hunters are paying Mabuchi for something and finds it suspicious. He investigates and follows the treasure hunters. A little time before Conan\'s discovery, at the place where the officers came by plane are, the alarm goes off to show that a disturbance in the museum was detected. They find out that Anne\'s gun and Mary\'s cutlass was stolen. Back with Conan, the treasure hunter are entering the car when they are shot far away by an unknown stranger. Conan examines where the shot was placed and finds tire tracks. He takes a picture of it. The next day, Conan compares the tire tracks to the bikes. He discovers GPS trackers a small number of bikes. After eating breakfast, the detective kids continue the treasure hunt, while Conan continues his investigation. While wandering, he overhears the investigation team, and hears that a storm is coming. He learns that the rifle that fired the bullets must be quite old and that Mima was the only one to own a rifle that old. Back to the detective kids, they find the final stamp and the last clue, "The numbers are the hints". The detective boys figure they should ask Mima. Conan asks Mima on where the treasure is since he is a treasure hunter. Ran and Sonoko visit Kimiko and they talk. The officer comes and ask for Mabuchi to come to the investigation room. Ran, Sonoko, and Kimiko leave the store only to be taken hostage by the treasure hunters. Mima takes the kids and show them the original map made by Anne 300 years ago. It is exactly like the map Iwanaga gave the kids. They figure out the red and blue color on the numbers are for the first or surname. The numbers are actually letters from the English Alphabet. It spells out Jolly Roger, the flag of a pirate. The skull on the pirate flag on the 300 year old map reveals the letters DOS DIOSAS, which in Spanish means Two Goddesses. It means the entrance to where the treasure is between two goddesses. Back to the treasure hunters, Kimiko is knocked out. The treasure hunters take Ran and Sonoko on a boat toward Yorioyajima . Kimiko arrives to the inn and tell them they are being taken to Yorioyajima. Conan tells the detective boys to inform the officers and tells Mima to take him to the island. The professor gives two mini oxygen tanks that supply 10 minutes of oxygen to Conan. Back to the treasure hunter, they are preparing to dive. They cut Sonoko to use her as bait and tell them to dive or else. They dive and enter the cave. Conan uses the original entrance and enters the cave above ground. The treasure hunter find the treasure room, to only find a boat with nothing precious on it. They are knocked out by Conan and his soccer ball. Conan tells Iwanagawa to come out of hiding and knew that Conan was being followed. Conan revealed that Iwanagawa set up the puzzle and got them to come to Koumijima, copied the treasure map, and shot the treasure hunters so he could get the treasure himself. After realizing there is no treasure, Iwanagawa gives up. Suddenly, an earthquake strikes and water starts to fill up the cave. The cave also releases methane clathrate. Conan tells everyone to go into the cabin while he kicks a chain into the ceiling to start a spark that will cause an explosion to blow open the ceiling. Conan gives Ran and Sonoko his oxygen masks and tells them to set the oxygen tanks on the criminals too. Ran asks him if he will be okay and Conan lies that he has a mask. Conan starts the explosion and jumps into the cabin just in time. The boat floods with water and Conan is saved by Ran sharing her mask. The boat bursts out onto the ocean and finds the investigation crew\'s ship instantly. The boat they are on start to break and they jump into the ocean and climb onto the investigation boat. Mima says that the treasure was the boat and reveals more about Anne and Mary. Mary was caught and placed in prison so Anne set up the boat for one day when Mary would escape and they would sail the seas. He says that Mary died due to an illness in prison and that Anne waited till she died of old age. At the post credit, Conan asks how Ran knew he did not have a mask. She tells him that like Shinichi, they give the same face when they are lying and has a flashback to when Shinichi gives her an umbrella while he walks home in the rain.'] ['{{plot}} The movie starts with the history of how dragons came to be. The dragons and their crystals of power came to the human world through a portal from their world. But while the dragons brought knowledge and wanted only peace, the kingdoms of Norvagen and Draigar wanted war and, having misused the knowledge brought by the dragons, battled erupted. Thoron, the Dragon King and holder of the legendary Aurathon crystal, appointed Xenoz the wizard as an ambassador for both the dragons and the two kingdoms with gifts of immortality and power over the dragon crystals. However, when things started looking good, an evil force came upon the land and killed the Dragon Queen. After this, The Dragon King and many followers returned to their world, vowing to return only after the wars have ended. In the present day, King Olsef of the Norvagen Kingdom is giving his son, Prince Dev, some practice for battle while expressing his hatred the Draigar hunting the remaining dragons. While Dev\'s practice shows him to be too impulsive, Olsef believes nevertheless that he is ready to begin riding on Targon, the only dragon that they have left. Meanwhile, in the Draigar kingdom, King Siddari is training Princess Kyra in the same form and blames the Norvagen for the disappearances of the dragons. Xenoz comes by to give the same blessing he gave to Dev so that Kyra can begin flying on their last dragon, Aurora. During the flight, the dragons are drawn to a fireball in the sky where a portal opens and a black dragon on fire falls through, knocking the dragons and royals into an old battle field. The black dragon absorbs a green crystal on its neck and marks both the children with his magical tears, disappearing into the ground soonafter. As Dev and Kyra prepare to fight, their fathers appear and duel. While Dev and Kyra are taken away by their dragons, Xenoz watches through his scrying crystal, stating that the battle begins again. Eight years later, Dev and Kyra are both teenagers and want the war to end, but their fathers object to their ideas on how it should. They both violate orders and continue with their ideas anyway, catching the eye of Xenoz in the process. The two royals fight until their fathers and armies show up to fight to the death once and for all. Just before the battle commences, an army of vorgans show up and capture the kings. Xenoz arrives just in time to save Dev and Kyra and takes them to his ice mountain home. Once there, Xenoz recommends that they retrieve the Aurathon from a rogue dragon in order to rescue their fathers. In the cave where the dragon resides, they fight him but are quickly overpowered. The dragon then reveals that they were sent there to try and trick him into giving the Aurathon\'s location so that Xenoz could take it for himself. They escape the following vorgan attack and go to the Ring of Oroborus. There, the Dragon reveals himself to be the Dragon King Thoron. The kings, meanwhile, have discovered Xenoz\'s treachery when they learn that he kept the bones of dragons he had slain. Thoron explains the truth behind everything that made him leave. When Xenoz was granted the ability to use dragon crystals, it was only to promote good things between the two worlds. However, Xenoz conspired to kill the Dragon Queen with the help of an evil dragon named Stendahl and her ice crystal. When Thoron arrived, he flamed them in his fury, but it wasn\'t strong enough. He took Stendahl back to the dragon and imprisoned him. Stendahl broke free 1,000 years later and attacked Thoron again. During the battle, the Aurathon became activated. While Stendahl was stopped, he hurled Thoron through where he bumped into the royals eight years earlier. Knowing he didn\'t have any strength to fight Xenoz , he absorbed the Aurathon into himself and placed it inside Dev and Kyra. Knowing now where their abilities came from, Dev and Kyra begin practicing their powers over wind and fire. Unfortunately, they tear a hole in the Ring of Oroborus, alerting Xenoz to their position. They escape the attack with Targon and Aurora\'s help and head for Xenoz\'s castle. Back at the castle, Xenoz summons ice dragons to fight Thoron. Dev and Kyra break in and quickly dispatch the vorgan guards but are captured by Xenoz, who uses a mind-reading crystal to discover the Aurathon\'s hiding place within Dev and Kyra. He then proceeds to extract it from their bodies. Thoron crashes through and falls to the base of the castle, where he discovers the skeleton of his queen. With a new driving force, he heads off to fight Xenoz. After betraying Gortaz, the leader of the vorgans, Xenoz gets hit in the face by Kyra. A mask falls off to reveal that Xenoz\'s face is burned. The downside of Xenoz\'s immortality was that he could never heal himself and he wants revenge for this. He opens the portal to Dragon World but Thoron gets in the way. However, Xenoz traps him in ice then explains that Dev and Kyra are weak and cannot do anything. Thoron begs to differ, pointing out that Dev and Kyra were chosen by the dragons themselves. With this, Dev and Kyra use their elemental abilities to break free and put the Aurathon back on Thoron\'s necklace. Thoron sticks himself in front of Xenoz\'s ice shards, seemingly sacrificing himself. However, he stands back up and then drags Xenoz back to Dragon World. With Xenoz gone, the ice castle begins to fall apart, so the kings and their children escape on Targon and Aurora. The next day, both Norvagen and Draigar armies celebrate at Olsef\'s castle. During the celebration, the dragons return. Dev and Kyra jump on to Targon and Aurora to join the flight. As the celebration continues, Xenoz vows from his prison in Dragon World,"This is not over!".'] [' Sophie, a hatter, is a responsible eighteen-year-old girl who encounters a mysterious wizard named Howl while on her way to visit her younger sister. The Witch of the Waste, who pursues Howl, comes to the hat shop and curses Sophie by transforming her into an old woman. Seeking a cure for the curse, Sophie travels into the Wastes and finds a living scarecrow, who takes her to Howl\'s castle. Here, Sophie meets the fire demon Calcifer, the source of the castle\'s energy and power. Calcifer offers to break the curse in exchange for Sophie\'s help in breaking the spell he\'s under, which keeps Calcifer bound to the house. When Howl appears, Sophie announces that she is the castle\'s new cleaning lady, hired by Calcifer because he was sick of how dirty the castle was. Currently, Sophie\'s country is caught up in the beginning of a war with its neighbor following the mysterious disappearance of the other realm\'s Crown Prince. Howl receives summons from the King, who orders his various assumed identities to fight in the war. However, Howl comes up with an idea to send Sophie, under the guise of being his mother, to the king to profess the cowardice of one of Howl\'s two aliases. At the palace, Sophie runs into an asthmatic dog, Heen, who she thinks is Howl undercover. She also meets the Witch of the Waste, who Suliman, the king\'s magic advisor, punishes by draining all of her power, causing her to regress into a harmless old woman. Suliman tells Sophie that Howl will meet the same fate if he does not contribute to the war. As Sophie vehemently protests these measures, the Witch\'s spell temporarily weakens due to the love in her words. Suliman realizes Sophie\'s true relation to Howl and her strong romantic feelings towards him. Howl then arrives to rescue Sophie, Suliman tries to entrap Howl, but with Sophie\'s help, they manage to escape. Sophie learns that Howl transforms into a bird-like creature to interfere in the war, but each transformation makes it more difficult for him to return to human form. Sophie fears that Howl is preparing to leave them, as his remaining time as a human is limited, he returns to interfering in the war. Sophie\'s mother shows up and is actually under Suliman\'s control and leaves behind a bag containing a "peeping bug" under her orders. The former Witch of the Waste discovers it and promptly destroys the bug by tossing it into Calcifer. Unfortunately, Calcifer gets sick after eating the bug, rendering him unable to protect the castle from being discovered. A few hours later, the city is carpet-bombed by enemy aircraft while Suliman\'s henchmen invade the flower shop Howl made for Sophie. After protecting the flower shop from the bombing, Howl draws the guards away just after healing Calcifer. He tells Sophie he is not going to run away anymore because he has something he wants to protect before leaving to interfere with the war. Deducing that Howl must be saved, Sophie moves everyone out of the castle and removes Calcifer from the fireplace, destroying the castle. She offers Calcifer a piece of her hair to strengthen him enough to power and energize a portion of the castle. They head toward Howl when the former Witch of the Waste discovers Howl\'s heart within Calcifer. Sophie pours water on Calcifer to make her let go of the heart, making Calcifer lose all of his strength and power. The segment of the castle is split, and she and Heen fall down a chasm. Making her way toward Howl\'s heart, Sophie enters through the door into the black region and discovers a recollection of how Howl and Calcifer meet: Howl eats Calcifer, who then gains his heart. Sophie finds Howl, having now lost his human consciousness in bird form. They head back to the group, and Sophie asks the Witch for Howl\'s heart. She gives it to her and places the heart back inside Howl, returning him to life, and freeing Calcifer. She kisses the scarecrow on the cheek as thanks, who reveals that he is actually the missing prince. Heen shows the scene of their happy end to Suliman, and the war is finally over. Howl, Sophie, and the others are seen high above the bomber planes returning home from the end of the war.'] ['In the year 2065, a future Earth is infested by Phantoms: alien life forms capable of killing humans by physical contact. The remaining humans living in "barrier cities" all over the world are engaged in an ongoing struggle to free the planet. After being infected by a Phantom during one of her experiments, Aki Ross  and her mentor, Dr. Sid , uncover a means of defeating the Phantoms by gathering eight spirit signatures that, when joined, can negate the Phantoms. Aki is searching for the sixth spirit in the ruins of New York City when she is cornered by Phantoms but is rescued by Gray Edwards  and his squad "Deep Eyes", consisting of Ryan Whittaker , Neil Fleming  and Jane Proudfoot . It is revealed that Gray was once romantically involved with Aki. Upon returning to her barrier city, Aki joins Sid and appears before the leadership council along with General Hein , who is determined to use the powerful Zeus space cannon to destroy the Phantoms. Aki delays the use of the Zeus cannon by revealing she has been infected, and the collected spirit signatures are keeping her infection stable. This revelation convinces Hein that she is being controlled by the Phantoms. Aki and the Deep Eyes squad succeed in finding the seventh spirit as Aki\'s infection begins to worsen and she slips into unconsciousness. Aki\'s dream reveals the Phantoms are the spirits of dead aliens brought to Earth on a fragment of their destroyed planet. Sid uses the seventh spirit to bring Aki\'s infection back under control, reviving her. To scare the council into giving him clearance to fire the Zeus cannon Hein lowers part of the barrier shield protecting the city. Though Hein intended that only a few Phantoms enter, his plan goes awry and legions of Phantoms invade the entire city. Aki, Sid and the Deep Eyes attempt to reach Aki\'s spaceship, their means of escape but Ryan, Neil and Jane are killed by Phantoms. Sid finds the eighth spirit at the crater site of the alien asteroid\'s impact on Earth. Hein escapes and boards the Zeus space-station where he finally receives authorization to fire the cannon. Sid lowers a shielded vehicle, with Aki and Gray, into the crater to locate the final spirit. Just before they can reach it, Hein fires the Zeus cannon into the crater not only destroying the eighth spirit but revealing the Phantom Gaia. Aki has a vision of the Phantom home planet, where she is able to receive the eighth spirit from the alien particles in herself. When Aki wakes, she and Gray combine it with the other seven. Hein continues to fire the Zeus cannon despite overheating warnings and unintentionally destroys the cannon and himself. Gray sacrifices himself as a medium needed to physically transmit the completed spirit into the alien Gaia. The Gaia is returned to normal as the Phantoms ascend into space, finally at peace. Aki is pulled from the crater holding Gray\'s body and looking into the newly liberated world.'] ['At the end of Daemon Rising, Bob and Dot got engaged. To the confusion of everyone, however, a portal opens from the net and Ray Tracer and another Bob steps through. Inasmuch as the second Bob looks like the original from Seasons 1 and 2, Dot names the Bob which merged with his keytool Glitch Bob. Most of My Two Bobs is taken up with the efforts of Dot, the two Bobs themselves, and the other mainframers to ascertain who is the original and who is the copy and in general to come to terms with the situation. After some counseling from Phong and Mouse, Dot decides to marry the new Bob, whereupon Glitch Bob—the nominal original—earnestly attempts to return himself to his original form in order to resolve his existential situation. His efforts ultimately fail and leave him in a catatonic, "crystalline" state; he is covered in a starry substance that proves to be impenetrable. Dot continues with her wedding plans as Glitch Bob is treated at the Supercomputer. Glitch Bob\'s condition steadily worsens on her wedding day. The impenentrable starry substance covering him gradually dims completely, and the Guardians believe that they have lost him. This moment of crisis prompts all the keytools of other guardians  to separate from Glitch Bob, and they revive him before returning to the guardians. The Guardians discover that his code no longer matches what they have on file, suggesting that he is in fact the copy. Glitch Bob returns to Mainframe to stop the wedding, where he reveals that Megabyte has previously stolen part of his code. Glitch is able to return this code to Bob, which forces Megabyte to emerge—Megabyte had been disguised as Bob all along. After a spectacular battle in the church, investigation reveals that Megabyte is now a Trojan Horse virus, able to shapeshift and effectively disguise himself as anyone. Megabyte eludes capture by using various aliases and a doppelganger and ultimately infiltrates the war room by taking on the form of Frisket. After suborning various personnel, including Dot\'s father, and capturing Enzo, Megabyte gains "complete control" of the Principal Office. The movie ends with him proclaiming that he will now follow his predatory virus nature; he is not out to take over Mainframe again, but instead simply seeks revenge on the guardians. His last words, which are the final words of the series, are "Prepare yourselves for the hunt!" The film includes many parodies of pop culture tropes including, but not limited to, The Brady Bunch, Pokémon, Star Wars, Star Treks transporter, 2001: A Space Odyssey, The Village People, The Thing, and The Blues Brothers.'] ["The movie opens with a baby lamb named Chirin living an idyllic life on a farm with many other sheep. Chirin is very adventurous and tends to get lost, so he wears a bell around his neck so that his mother can always find him. His mother warns Chirin that he must never venture beyond the fence surrounding the farm, because a huge black wolf lives in the mountains and loves to eat sheep. Chirin is too young and naive to take the advice to heart, until one night the wolf enters the barn and is prepared to kill Chirin, but at the last moment the lamb's mother throws herself in the way and is killed instead. The wolf leaves, and Chirin is horrified to see his mother's body. Unable to understand why his mother was killed, he becomes very angry and swears that he will go into the mountains and kill the wolf. He leaves alone, and when he finally comes upon the wolf he challenges him to fight. The wolf simply ignores him and walks away, and Chirin follows. This continues for some time, and Chirin realizes that the only way he can fight the wolf is by becoming strong like him. After much begging, the wolf relents and tells Chirin he will train him, knowing that Chirin intends to kill him one day. Chirin's training lasts well into his adulthood, and by this time he has become a vicious killer, and views the wolf as his father. Together they travel the mountains, killing indiscriminately. One night the wolf takes Chirin to the farm where the lamb was born. Chirin claims not to remember it, saying that his home is on the plains with the wolf. The wolf watches while the ram graphically fights the farm dogs, then watches Chirin enter the barn, where the terrified sheep have gathered, while the wolf waits outside. Chirin spots a very young lamb that strongly resembles himself, cowering in the middle of the barn, and as he approaches, the lamb's mother throws herself in the way. Struck by this similarity to his past, Chirin is startled and confused, and leaves the barn without killing the sheep. When the wolf demands to know why, Chirin tells him that he can't bring himself to do it. The wolf walks towards the barn to do the job himself, and Chirin begs him to spare the sheep. When the wolf will not listen, Chirin becomes furious and charges at him. After a brief fight, Chirin impales the wolf on his horns. The wolf expresses his gratitude and pride for Chirin, and dies. Chirin is saddened, but turns to the sheep in the barn, who quickly shut the door. When Chirin tries to tell them that he grew up on the farm, none of the sheep believe him, saying that such a terrifying animal could not be one of them. Chirin gives up and returns to the mountains alone. As Chirin stands by a pool of water near the wolf's den, he hallucinates the wolf's reflection in the water next to his own. Overjoyed, he turns to see the wolf, but realizes he is alone. Chirin stands alone in the mountains, yelling for the wolf, as the snow begins to fall, and as the movie draws to a close the narrator tells us that no one ever saw Chirin again."] ['  Shinji Ikari, still distraught over the death of Kaworu Nagisa, pleads for help from an unconscious Asuka Langley Soryu, telling her that he is scared of Rei and Misato and that he needs her. Upset and desperately trying to rouse her from her sleep, Shinji accidentally dislodges her hospital gown and masturbates while standing next to her bed. SEELE, with the Angels eliminated and Gendo Ikari\'s treachery obvious, attempt to take control of NERV, first by hacking the MAGI computer system  and then by a large-scale assault by the JSSDF. The JSSDF soldiers invade NERV\'s facilities, killing all NERV personnel on sight, with top priority given to the execution of the Eva pilots and the capture of the Evangelions. Misato Katsuragi orders Asuka to be moved to the cockpit of Unit-02 and placed at the bottom of a nearby lake, and rescues Shinji to have him pilot Unit 01. She is able to bring Shinji to the Eva\'s bay doors, but is mortally wounded in the process. She persuades Shinji to keep going and pilot the Eva one more time, giving him a long kiss, asking him to come back, and forcing him into the elevator. Before her death, Misato wonders if Kaji believes she has done the right thing. Concluding that NERV\'s defeat has become inevitable, Gendo retrieves Rei Ayanami and retreats to Terminal Dogma to begin initiating Third Impact. Meanwhile, Asuka reactivates the sunken Unit 02 upon reaching the epiphany that her mother has "always been with her" within Unit-02. Asuka engages the JSSDF attack force\'s aircraft and ground vehicles, though the Eva\'s external power cable is severed during the battle. The "mass-production" EVAs are launched to defeat her. In Terminal Dogma, Ritsuko confronts Gendo and Rei, intending to self-destruct the NERV facility to prevent Gendo from carrying out his plans. However, her command is overridden by Casper, one of the three cores of the MAGI and essentially her mother. After realizing her mother\'s betrayal of her for love, Gendo kills her. At the Eva launch cages, Shinji is unable to enter Unit-01 and join the battle because the Eva is encased in hardened Bakelite. Outside, Asuka initially seems to cripple the new Evas before her internal power is depleted, but the Mass Production EVAs reactivate through their S2 engines despite their considerable injuries and resume destroying the defenseless Unit-02. Back inside the NERV facility, Unit-01 breaks through the surrounding Bakelite on its own. Too late to save Asuka from the EVA series, Shinji sees the mangled remains of Unit-02 and screams in torment.   Inside Terminal Dogma, Gendo attempts to merge with Rei to begin Third Impact. However, Rei takes over the process and reunites with Lilith, the creature crucified within Terminal Dogma, forming a luminescent, rapidly-growing being with Lilith\'s skin and Rei\'s body. The Mass Production Evas crucify Unit-01 and begin the ritual to initiate Third Impact, as Shinji is driven to madness. The giant Lilith/Rei being rises out of the Geofront and confronts Shinji, morphing into the form of Kaworu as well as Rei. After several scenes of contemplation, including a surreal and violent confrontation with Asuka, Shinji decides he is alone and unwanted and everyone in the world should die. In response, the giant being creates a planet-wide anti-AT-Field, negating the AT-Fields of humanity and causing their bodies to dissolve into LCL, the blood of Lilith and the primordial soup from which life on Earth originates. The souls of humanity are absorbed into the Egg of Lilith, a giant dark sphere cradled by Lilith/Rei, as she grows to ever-greater proportions. As the souls form a single, complemented existence, Lilith/Rei again gives control of the process to Shinji. Shinji\'s emotional sufferings and loneliness prompt him to accept this new form, thinking that there could never be happiness in the real world. After a series of mental journeys and monologues, Shinji realizes that it is necessary to live with others and that to live life is to experience joy as well as pain. The Third Impact is rejected and Lilith/Rei decays and dies, releasing its anti-AT Field and allowing separate beings to potentially come back into existence. Asuka and Shinji are rematerialized from the sea of LCL together on a beach looking out on the severed head of Lilith/Rei and the apocalyptic landscape.'] ['The ghost of Sir Simon Canterville has been roaming his castle for centuries. After demonstrating cowardice in life, he must find a brave descendant to obtain rest.'] ['{{plot}} The movie opens with a battle taking place at night on a desolate seaside beach between Sand Ninja and mysterious warriors wearing bulky suits of armor. Despite their best efforts, the Sand Ninja are slowly overwhelmed by the sheer strength of their mysterious opponents. The timely arrival of reinforcements led by Kankuro and Gaara turns the tide, with Kankuro slicing apart a suit of armor with his puppet, and Gaara dispatching a large number of enemies en masse with his signature Desert Imperial Funeral. However when Gaara orders the Sand Ninja to shine a flare at the retreating enemies, a large warship appears. The movie stars Naruto Uzumaki, Shikamaru Nara, and Sakura Haruno as they deliver a lost pet ferret  to its village. However, a mysterious knight called Temujin intercepts them and they fight, causing both Temujin and Naruto to be knocked off a cliff by the massive power caused by Naruto\'s Rasengan and Temujin\'s Rising Thunder. As Shikamaru and Sakura realize what has happened to Naruto, a giant ship appears. Naruto wakes up to find himself bandaged and traveling in a caravan led by Kahiko and Emina. He also finds Temujin asleep beside him. When Temujin awakens, Nerugui  seems to be attracted to him. The caravan is part of a moving country. Meanwhile, Sakura and Shikamaru split up to search for Naruto. Shikamaru spies on the fortress and finds a lab with children in capsules. Two women with similar armor to what Temujin was wearing are talking about the Gelel Stone. After watching the process, Shikamaru realizes that the soldiers are being created by placing the souls of children in different bodies. The movie revolves mostly around a special mineral called the Gelel Stone, which has a strong and mysterious power. There was once a clan that could control the stone\'s powers , but they were destroyed because of fights for the stone. Temujin is working for his Lord, Master Haido, who has his group searching for the Stones of Gelel, so that he can create a \'utopia\', a world free from war and strife. But he also tells his group that sacrifices are for the greater good. When Naruto meets Haido, he at first believes him. Naruto accompanies Temujin, Ranke, and Fugai to the area where the fight between the Sand Ninjas and Haido\'s forces took place. During the fight, Kamina duels with Kankuro while Ranke fights Gaara. When Ranke is killed by Gaara, Kamina escapes. The caravan that Naruto was saved by has been attacked as Fugai threatens Kahiko for the location of the Stones of Gelel. Shikamaru and Sakura end up repelling her. Temujin learns that Kahiko knows where the Stones of Gelel are. When he tries to capture Kahiko, he is subdued by Shikamaru\'s Shadow Possession Jutsu as Naruto catches up. Shikamaru interrogates Temujin about Haido\'s plot. After Shikamaru manages to get some answers, Temujin uses a smokescreen and kidnaps Kahiko and one of the children from the caravan. Temujin forces Kahiko to lead him to a cave where the stones are sealed away. Naruto follows him to try to stop him with Nerugui leading the way. Temujin sends the kid he abducted on his way as he has Kahiko lead him into the cave. But Haido, Fugai, and Kamina also follow him to the cave. This leads to a confrontation between Haido and Naruto\'s group as Naruto finally realizes Haido\'s evil intentions. He is disgusted that Haido and his followers are willing to sacrifice their friends and other innocents for their cause. He angrily yells that dreams that sacrifice friends are nothing but garbage, surprising Temujin. Kahiko triggers a mechanism that takes himself and Temujin to the chamber below, where the entrance to the mines of Gelel are, with the intent to destroy them. Haido angrily follows with several armed soldiers after smacking Naruto aside. Kamina challenges Shikamaru, and Sakura challenges Fugai before the latter can follow Haido with the ship. Naruto follows after Kahiko, Temujin, and Haido. Once there, Haido reveals that he has a piece of Gelel Stone which he uses to attack Kahiko. Eventually Temujin, surprised by Haido\'s cruel words and behavior, defends Kahiko, which angers Haido. Eventually Naruto shows up and saves Kahiko. Temujin is finally so appalled by Haido\'s willingness to kill Naruto and Kahiko and call it a "noble sacrifice" that he refuses to kill them when Haido orders him to. He realizes that the shadowy figure he had seen in the ruins of his house after his parents\' death was Haido. Haido then admits that he was the one that killed Temujin\'s family and then used their son like a pawn for all those years. He then attacks Temujin and destroys his piece of Gelel Stone by shoving his hand into his body, tossing him aside and leaving him lying on the ground, weak and horrified by what he has done. At this point Naruto intervenes and attempts to defeat Haido. Naruto manages to hit Haido with his Rasengan,which blasts him into the ceiling. But the ceiling starts to leak chakra from the Mines of Gelel and heal Haido\'s wounds. Haido then shoots a blast of chakra at Naruto and Temujin which is blocked by some soldiers who were Temujin\'s old friends. Naruto then creates a rasengan in one hand, and Temujin makes one in the other, which combined kill Haido. Haido crashes into the key to the mines of Gelel which causes a chain reaction which begins to destroy the surrounding area. Kahiko says the only way to stop the destruction is to summon a space-time rift to destroy the mines of Gelel and the summoner. Temujin offers to do it and begins to walk towards a summoning spot, ignoring Naruto\'s words. When the space time rift is summoned, Naruto attempts to pull Temujin out and saves him. Naruto was thinking about what happened to Sasuke and did not want history to repeat itself. Later, Temujin leaves with the other children stating that he will end all war. Kahiko is sad that Nerugui is going with Temujin. The credits show Naruto and Temujin seeing each other one last time as Temujin\'s ship leaves and make fists of victory.'] ["Kawamata is a psychotic soldier who fell in with the Russian Special Operation Forces. It was at this time that Kawamata became the guinea pig for this secret scientific research organization. The Russians wanted to ensure that they were ahead of the U.S. in the arms race, and used this organization to develop a mobile combat suit, armed to the teeth with all kinds of weapons imaginable. During his tenure on the project, Kawamata met Matsuzaki, a twisted scientist who was kicked out of Japan for unscrupulous practices. Matsuzaki became lead engineer on the combat suit project and coded Kawamata’s thought impulses into the control mechanism, so only he can operate the walking arsenal. But when Communist Russia collapsed, Kawamata and Matsuzaki stole the armored battle suit and snuck it into Japan.  * Act I Kawamata, a former special forces, who becomes a mercenary for hire. In this part of the story we explore the mind of Kawamata, a wealthy man and an avid collector of military weapons. The monster in Act I is called the Dad Monster, according to Buildup. This monster is a businessman who was infected by the parasite ooze when he got too close to the meteor. He slowly began to turn into a monster; first brutally killing his wife and daughter…then feasting on both them.. Finally, he fully developed into the Dad Monster and goes on a killing spree; shredding people and biting victims in half. Kawamata heard of the monster and was excited to finally test his newly upgraded combat suit. After a couple of minutes of mindless destruction, Kawamata comes out triumphant against the Dad Monster by ripping him to shreds with his trusty machine gun…however…he kills 40+ innocent bystanders in the process. * Act II A year has passed since Kawamata single handedly vanquished the Dad Monster and killed many innocent bystanders in the process. Although he destroyed the monster, Kawamata was sentenced to death for the massacre in Shinjuku, however, the charges against him would be dropped if he cooperated with the government and used the combat suit to fight the meteor monsters, he reluctantly agrees. While in prison, he befriended a fellow inmate named Iba; it seemed that many of the prisoners feared Kawamata or hated him., but Iba didn't fear him because he loved weapons as much as Kawamata did. When a meteor crashes in the suburbs, the parasite ooze infects a chicken which began to eat livestock and the farmer before it ran into the city. The creature starts attacking an amusement park and Kawamata is quickly dispatched to intercept the monster. During the fight, Kawamata loses a leg and an arm; struggling, he barely managed to fight back and defeat the monster. * Act III Sergei and his commandos arrived in Japan to kill Kawamata for stealing one of Russia’s combat suits. Meanwhile, Kawamata’s limbs were replaced by the government. In addition, he began to feel sick and tired of fighting for the government and chose Iba as his successor to the combat suit. Sergei arrived at Kawamata’s home and successfully killed him despite Iba’s attempts to protect his mentor. Suddenly, another meteor appeared and was secured by Sergei’s commandoes, but in a freak accident, the meteor thawed from its confinement and the ooze infected Sergei turning him into the Combat Suit Monster and went on a rampage and ate the other commandos. Now it was up to Iba to fight this beast. The end of the movie ended in a cliffhanger, where Kawamata’s brain is preserved for study; further denying him any peace even after death."] ['At Kichijōji Station, Tokyo, Taku Morisaki glimpses a familiar woman on the platform opposite. Later, her photo falls from a shelf as he exits his apartment before flying to Kōchi Prefecture. Picking it up, he looks at it briefly. As the plane takes off, he narrates the events that brought her into his life. The story is told in flashback. In Kōchi, two years ago, Taku is working in a restaurant, where he receives a call from his friend, Yutaka Matsuno, asking to meet at their high school. He finds Yutaka at a window, looking at an attractive girl. She is a transfer student from Tokyo whom Yutaka was asked to show around. Taku\'s interest piqued, he tries unsuccessfully to view her. The boys discuss their upcoming school trip to Hawaii. Taku meets Yutaka at the school gates, where he is introduced to the new girl, Rikako Muto. She smiles, and thanks Yutaka for his help. He explains that she was asking for directions to a bookstore. Walking home, Taku teases him about his infatuation. Rikako proves to be gifted academically and at sports, but also arrogant. Taku believes she is unhappy at having to leave Tokyo. His mother learns from gossip that a divorce brought Rikako\'s mother to Kōchi. In a later phone conversation with Yutaka, he also discovers that Rikako is living alone, away from the family house. The school year ends, heralding the Hawaii trip. Taku, suffering from an upset stomach, is heading through the hotel lobby where he is stopped by Rikako. She explains that she has lost her money and asks to borrow some, as Taku has a part-time job. She persuades him to lend her ¥60,000. Promising to repay him, she warns that it may take a while and not to tell anyone. As she departs, Taku sees a stern Yutaka and feels compelled to explain. Later, Rikako admonishes him for telling Yutaka about the money. She tells him that Yutaka has also made her a loan of ¥20,000, and again insists that he not tell anyone. Back in Kōchi, the third year begins with Rikako making a friend, Yumi Kohama. Rikako has not yet returned Taku\'s money and he wonders if she has forgotten. Out of the blue, a distressed Yumi calls Taku, explaining that Rikako had tricked her into coming to the airport on the pretence of a concert trip, only to discover that their real destination is Tokyo, with tickets paid for with Taku\'s money. He races to the airport, sending Yumi home, saying that he will accompany Rikako. Upon arrival, it appears that Rikako has not given her father any notice of her intent, interrupting his planned trip with a new girlfriend. Her father thanks Taku, repays the loan and arranges a room at the Hyatt Regency hotel. Later, a dejected Rikako turns up. She explains that when her parents were fighting, she\'d always sided with her father, but had now discovered he wasn\'t on her side. Comforting her, Taku offers her his bed and attempts to sleep in the bath. The next morning, Rikako seems back to her normal self and kicks Taku out so that she can change to meet a friend for lunch. Taku wanders around the city. After catching up on sleep at the hotel, Taku receives a call from Rikako asking to be rescued. The friend she met turns out to be a former boyfriend, Okada, who is not quite the person she remembered him to be. Returning to Kōchi, Rikako ignores Taku, but doesn\'t hide from others that they spent a night together. Taku discovers this from Yutaka, who had earlier confronted Rikako. He had also admitted his feelings to Rikako, but had been rebuffed. Taku confronts Rikako in class for hurting his best friend, calling her "The worst!". She responds by slapping him and he returns the favour. The autumn school cultural festival arrives and Rikako, who has been avoiding rehearsals for the Yosakoi dance, has become even more distant from the other girls, many of whom openly dislike her. They confront her behind the school, but Rikako stands firm. One girl believing that Rikako was flirting with her boyfriend attempts to strike her, but is held back. Taku, who has seen it all, approaches Rikako and comments that he is impressed with the way she handled herself. She slaps him. Yutaka confronts a somewhat stunned Taku, who tries to explain. Yutaka punches him and then walks away, leaving Taku to pick himself up. They do not talk for the rest of the year. Back in the present, Taku\'s plane lands and he is offered a lift home by Yutaka, who explains he punched him because he realized Taku had held back his feelings for his sake. At a class reunion, former student president Shimizu mentions she had run into Rikako at the department store, and how she wouldn\'t be present. As Rikako was attending Kochi University, she had flown to Tokyo for her school break, missing the reunion. He realises that Rikako was the woman he\'d seen at the station. Walking home, Yumi tells Taku that she, too, had met Rikako, explaining she couldn\'t make it to the reunion. Rikako had said she wanted to meet a person she knew, but wouldn\'t say who... saying only that he slept in bath tubs. In Tokyo, Taku again sees Rikako across the platforms, but this time runs to find her. The train pulls away, but he notices someone to the right. Seeing her, he realises that he had always been in love with her.'] ["The protagonist is a father of four children. His wife is {{convert}} tall, and weighs {{convert}} due to her incredibly large physique. Because he is constantly being henpecked at home, he becomes involved in an affair with a cute typist at his company and accidentally tells his wife about it while talking in his sleep. After obtaining additional evidence of the affair, she goes to confront both her husband and the typist at her husband's office."] ['A stunt pilot trio called the "Flying Angels" , are caught in a bizarre flash of light and crash, only to emerge unharmed. They are later informed by an agent of an interstellar peace-keeping agency  that they have become the host bodies of warriors from the planet Altara in M78 to capture escaped monsters from the planet Sorkin who have arrived on Earth. They become the Ultra Force, headquartered within Mount Rushmore, and are assisted by a trio of robots, . Although equipped with futuristic fighter crafts, inevitably one or more of the team is required to transform into an Ultraman, a gigantic red and silver superhuman being, to battle the monsters. After destroying the most powerful Sorkin monster, the constantly growing King Maira, the Ultra Force remains together to combat further threats to planet Earth.'] ['The first scenes introduce the protagonist, Nishi, who is a 20-year-old loser dreaming of becoming a comic book artist. One late evening he runs into a girl Myon on the subway. He has had a crush on her since childhood, but his lack of self confidence and his insecurities had stopped him from seriously pursuing her, and they had drifted apart for years. It transpires that Myon too has not achieved her aspirations, as she was a swimming champion during high school, but gave up when her breasts became too big. Nishi now finally declares he has always loved her, but she tells him she is due to marry someone else. They then go to her parents\' yakitori restaurant, to see Myon\'s father and her strikingly different older sister Yan  and to talk about old times. There Nishi also meets Myon\'s handsomely brawny fiancee, Ryo, who makes a living as a trucker. Observing their interactions while dining, Nishi is forced to admit that Ryo may very well be both a much better man and a much better match for Myon than himself. Two yakuza gangsters then enter the restaurant to collect money that Myon\'s father owes them. He has had debts with the yakuza and left his family dealing with the problems he created, spending his time away from home, having fun with young women and gambling. It is because of his reckless and selfish behavior that his entire family is now placed in danger. Regardless of all that, he does not dare to reveal himself when the gangsters arrive or when the situation worsens. The first yakuza, called Atsu, is an arrogant soccer player, who wears the number 10 soccer shirt and has even played for the Japanese national soccer team, who has an anger management problem. The second, senior, yakuza\'s name is never revealed . It is later revealed through flashbacks much later in the movie that the senior yakuza is actually both the first boyfriend - and current lover - of the girls\' estranged mother, from whom she was seduced by her husband at a disco during their youth in the 1970s, and with whom she later had an extramarital affair  when they met again when he first came to collect her husband\'s debts, before ultimately abandoning her family. Neither of the girls nor their father is aware of this, however, and it is never mentioned either by the senior yakuza. It is later shown that his lover, the girls\' mother, is waiting at a train station, implying that she plans to go far away somewhere and start a new life for herself. In the first timeline of the movie, he decides not to join her, but in the second timeline created by a change of events at the end of the movie, it is shown that he decides to go be with her after all. Atsu soon recognizes the father, cowering in the corner, as the man who seduced and stole his girlfriend from him. He becomes enraged and goes berzerk. While the father cowers around the corner, Ryo steps in and tries to punch Atsu, but his attack is easily avoided and instead he gets knocked out by Atsu. When Ryo falls, it is revealed that he wears a toupee. Atsu then lecherously eyes Myon, and proceeds to begin to rape her. Nishi meanwhile is rolled in a ball, terrified. Myon calls his name, but then Atsu turns on him and places his pistol against Nishi\'s anus. the gun goes off when Nishi suddenly moves, thus killing him instantly. The senior Yakuza, offended by Atsu\'s lack of control, shoots him dead, and then nonchalantly orders dinner. Meanwhile, Nishi has gone to heaven. There he encounters a being watching television but whose physical character changes every fraction of a second - God. God reveals to Nishi that there is really no paradise in the afterlife and that because he is now dead, his soul is now destined to spend the rest of eternity in the void of oblivion. Nishi has a nervous breakdown and laments his existence to God, blaming him for giving him a loser\'s life. Telling Nishi to just resign himself to his inevitable fate, God then turns his back on him and begins grooming himself, as he is scheduled to go on a date for which he is already running late. Nishi refuses to accept that his time is now up forever and tries to flee by running back to Earth while God\'s back is turned. God chases him in the form of a huge leopard, but becomes impressed by Nishi\'s sheer will to live, and so lets him escape with a warning that this is his one and only second chance. This exit sends Nishi and his body back in time to just before the moment when Atsu pulled the trigger. This time around, Nishi resolves to live life more fully. He clenches his buttocks, seizes Atsu\'s gun, and turns the tables by reflexively shooting him instead. He, Yan and Myon all pile into the yakuza\'s car, leaving the father of Myon and Yan to deal with his debts to the yakuza himself. Myon thinks they should go to the police, but Nishi declines, preferring to be on the run. There then begins a high speed chase, followed by the massed yakuzas, who are controlled by the stereotypical Japanese Yakuza boss, a large man wearing several rings and gold necklaces, stroking a little pet in a huge business office. He has his men cut the trio off and force them on to a bridge. Nishi refuses to be taken alive. He steers the car in a death plunge off the bridge - but they are then swallowed up by an enormous whale. Inside the whale, they meet a strange old man who has been trapped in the whale for decades. He takes them into the elaborate suspended house he has constructed over the \'sea\' inside the whale\'s belly, and teaches them about how to live inside the wall, what recreations are possible, introduces them to his Plesiosaurs sea friends, etc. He also recounts his history as a drug courier; while still a young yakuza, he hid a package of drugs in a child\'s toy and stored it with his son\'s toys, but when he retrieved it for the sale, he grabbed the wrong container, which eventually led to him fleeing with a ship and getting captured by the whale. It is later revealed through flashbacks much later in the movie that the old man is actually the long-lost father of the senior Yakuza shown earlier, as shown by the identical flashbacks the two have of their tragic past. None of the characters have any awareness of this fact nor learn about it through the course of the movie, and it is not shown in any of the possible futures toward the end of the movie if the old man ever reunited with his son, even after getting out of the whale. During the symbolic and metaphorical time inside the cetacean , they experience personal development and growth and have to face their problems and insecurities. Nishi learns the craft of writing and drawing humorous manga, he and Myon finally become sexually intimate, and the whole group experiment in art, particularly dance and painting, by doing performance, etc. In the whale, Yan for example, learns that being the older sister, she had always felt compelled to be the one to take responsibility in the family and to look after Myon, but really she was the one who wanted to be helped in the first place. The four castaways are eventually forced to escape from the whale, who is slowly dying after being fatally wounded by whalers. Their flight is followed by a lengthy montage, similar to that of the opening credits, showing some of the many possible futures for each of the four characters. The film returns to its very first scene, with Myon running from the Yakuza, only this time she does not get her leg caught in the door of the train, suggesting yet another possible series of events through the creation of a second timeline with a new future for all the characters. The movie ends ambiguously, with the phrase "This Story Has Never Ended" appearing before the credits roll.'] ["The Black Nebula Empire, last seen in Yamato: The New Voyage, lands a huge fortress on Earth and sends out an invasion force, with the Black Nebulan fleet wipes out Earth's space fleets. The fortress contains a bomb capable of destroying half the planet. The Nebulans threaten to use it if they are attacked. The starship Yamato is launched from a secret base and tasked with finding the Black Nebulan home planet, from where the bomb is controlled. The Black Nebula is a double spiral galaxy near the Milky Way. The disc facing Earth is made of black, inert matter obscuring all light from the other disc, so the galaxy has never been seen before. There are three new crew members. Shiro Kato, the original Kato's  younger brother. Sasha is the daughter of Starsha and Mamoru Kodai, and has grown from an infant to a teen in only 1 Earth year. The third new member is Captain Yamanami. The Yamato reaches the other side of the Black Nebula and finds a grand, white galaxy, similar to the Milky Way. They follow a beacon signal to a planet that looks just like Earth. They land, and are greeted by an apparently human woman, Sada, and two officers from the Black Nebulan Empire. They meet the Emperor, Scaldart, who also appears to be a human. He tells them that they are actually back in the Milky Way, in the year 2402. The vortex was a hole in time. The Earth has been under Black Nebulan rule for 200 years, and he is the  governor. Scaldart shows Kodai and the landing party all sorts of collections of Earth's famous artwork, and, up on the Yamato, the video screen scans the surface of the planet to find all of Earth's famous landmarks. Scaldart shows them a time viewing machine which shows the history of the Yamato from 2199 up until the present. Then he shows them the future. The Yamato, orbitting the Earth, is destroyed by the enemy's flagship, the Grodaze, in 2402. The landing crew returns, demoralized, to the Yamato... except for Sasha who seems to know her true destiny. She abandons the party and remains on conquered Earth. while alone on the surface, her mother Starsha appears in a vision. She tells Sasha that she was born between Iscandar and Earth, and that her destiny is to die far from both, in service of both. In orbit, the Yamato is attacked by the Grodaze and its fleet, with Beta particle guns firing on the ship. But the Yamato isn't destroyed as predicted. Sanada surmises that the people the planet was not really human and all of the artwork used as proof were fakes. Could the Earth below them be fake, too? The Yamato fires its Wave Motion Gun at the Grodaze and its fleet, destroying them. But, the tachyon based energy of the Wave Gun has an unexpected reaction with the beta particle energy from the exploding enemy ships. A huge explosion hits the Earth, destroying much of the surface. The Earth, where Sasha remained, dissolves in fire. The fire reveals the black skeleton of a planet. It is not Earth, but the Black Nebulan home planet of Dezarium. It was an elaborate hoax designed to demoralize and defeat the Yamato. Scaldart pulls off the mask he wore to reveal his true Black Nebulan face. Back on Earth, Lt. Arufon frees Yuki, who leads an assault on the fortress. She has a showdown with Arufon, but he is shot by another Earth trooper. Arufon tells her that his people are a race of cyborgs, who gave up their flesh for longer lives as Mechanisms. But they also lost the ability to love in the process. Arufon gives Yuki the plans to the fortress, including instructions on how to disarm its hyperion bomb, and dies in her arms. Sasha manages to survive the incineration of the surface by escaping to the planet's lower levels. She finds a control center and sends a message to the Yamato, telling them that to destroy Dezarium, they must travel to the core through a huge conduit she is about to open. Scaldart announces after her message that if the Yamato proceeds any further, he will detonate the hyperon bomb on Earth. Yuki's radio message interrupts Scaldart, telling the Yamato that she is alive, the invaders and their fortress have been immobilized and that the hyperion bomb has been disarmed. The Yamato speeds though the conduit, dodging all sorts of enemy fire. It reaches the center of the planet where it finds a huge crystal city, looking like a glass sea urchin. The Yamato is hit by a missile and Captain Yamanami is killed. Kodai prepares the Wave Gun, but stops when he realizes this will also kill Sasha. Sasha again radios the Yamato, insisting that they fire since this is her destiny. Scaldart finds and shoots Sasha. An enraged Kodai fires the Wave Gun. The blast sets off an explosive chain reaction. The Yamato does a 180-degree turn and rushes out of the internal chamber, going to emergency warp when it reaches the conduit exit. Dezarium explodes behind them, destroying the delicate gravitational balance between the two sides of the Double Galaxy. They crash into each other, starting the birth of a new galaxy. The Yamato warps home while Yuki looks towards the glowing horizon for their return."] ['By the 2060s, robotics technology has become extremely advanced, including cybernetics. World opinion begins to turn against robotics, leading to the U.N. declaring a unilateral ban on further research in 2067. Japan, being home to robotics pioneer Daiwa Heavy Industries, strongly protests this ban, but is unable to prevent its passage. In protest, Japan withdraws from international politics. All foreigners are deported, and further immigration is prohibited. In addition, the R.A.C.E. network is constructed&nbsp;— 270 off-shore installations that cover Japan with an energy field, nullifying all communication with the outside world and making satellite surveillance impossible. Trade and diplomacy continues, but Japan vanishes from the world scene. Ten years later, the United States Navy special warfare unit "SWORD" is trying to trap a Japanese informant for Daiwa in Colorado. The instigator, Saito, escapes by cutting off his own leg. Analysis shows the leg is made of bio-metal. SWORD suspects that Japan has concealed extensive development of banned technologies. They embark on an unapproved scheme to infiltrate Japan and to find out the frequency of the R.A.C.E. network, enabling SWORD to gather intelligence on the country. Although the agents successfully enter Japan, they are detected by security forces before they can transmit their data. Vexille is the sole SWORD agent to evade capture, and only her lover Leon survives to be taken to Daiwa\'s headquarters. Vexille awakens to find Tokyo is now a shanty town ruled by Daiwa. A small resistance movement opposes the company, and uses Vexille\'s transmitter to successfully transmit the distortion frequency. Maria, the head of the resistance, details the 10 years of secrecy while SWORD studies Japan in shocked horror — the islands are a lifeless wasteland. In 2067, an unknown disease struck Japan and was countered by an experimental vaccine. Actually, the disease was created by Daiwa and the "vaccine" was used as an excuse for Daiwa to begin testing experimental nanotechnology. Every Japanese citizen was converted into a form of synthetic life. But there were unforeseen side effects; the conversion was imperfect, resulting in the infected humans losing their free will and becoming just lifelike machines. Some of the nanotech went amok, creating the "Jags", giant whirling constructs of semisentient metal that prowl the wilderness. The Jags destroyed all of Japan, save Tokyo which is protected by an inedible wall of ceramic. The Resistance plans to draw the Jags along a service bridge to Daiwa\'s corporate headquarters, which now stands in the middle of Tokyo Bay. Vexille volunteers her assistance . However, though Vexille and Maria succeed in drawing the Jags to the end of the service bridge, the bridge has been detached from the headquarters, the Jags fall into the sea, and Vexille and Maria are captured. They are taken to Kisaragi, the master of Daiwa, who boasts that his research is nearly complete. And as he needs more test subjects, he is going to invade America. Vexille attacks him with a hidden knife, revealing that his blood is still human&nbsp;— he has not used the process himself. Saito, then strangles him. The town council forces the ceramic gates open, destroying Tokyo and enabling the Jags to enter Daiwa\'s headquarters. Kisaragi, having somehow survived, shoots Saito and escapes with his research. The underling then releases Vexille and Maria before succumbing to his wounds. Vexille pursues Kisaragi while Maria frees Leon, who shows concern for Vexille, angering Maria. Thus when Vexille prevents Kisaragi\'s escape in a helicopter, Maria grabs him and holds them together as a Jag devours them. Vexille and Leon are rescued by a SWORD helicopter just as Daiwa headquarters collapses into the bay, along with every Jag in Japan. As Vexille and Leon are flown from a now completely lifeless Japan, Vexille comments that humanity\'s spirit can never be taken away.'] ['Genetic engineering on trees was conducted at a research facility on the Moon to produce trees capable of growing in harsh, arid conditions. The trees gain consciousness, wiping out Earth\'s civilizations and destroying the Moon. Three hundred years later, Japan is a dystopia covered by the Forest, a huge expanse of living trees, and ruled by the tree-like Zruids, which inhabit the planet and control the water supply of both trees and humans. Agito, a young boy, and his father Agashi, as well as his friends Cain and Minka, live in Neutral City, a city carved out of the ruined skyscrapers which acts as both a buffer and a bridge between the Forest and the militaristic nation of Ragna. While the people of Neutral City co-exist peacefully with the trees of the forest, the nation of Ragna aims to destroy the Forest to restore the Earth. One day, Agito and Cain race each other to see who can get to the water hole at the bottom of the city first. By disturbing the sanctity of the water hole and angering the Zruids, the two boys are separated. After stumbling upon a large machine with cryogenic pods, Agito accidentally revives Toola, a young girl who has been asleep for the past 300 years, and brings her to Neutral City. The Forest is angered by Toola\'s awakening, since she carries a Raban — a portable personal electronic device, worn as a necklace, that can be used for communication and a variety of other tasks. The Forest fears that she will fall into the hands of Shunack, a soldier of Ragna and also a person from the past who was awakened from sleep, and that he will use her Raban to locate E.S.T.O.C. , a powerful weapon with the ability to wipe out the Forest and restore human control over the world. Shunack finds out about Toola and arrives into Neutral City with his army to persuade her to join him. The Forest sends a giant creature to stop the meeting, but Shunack destroys it and reveals that he has been "enhanced" — he allowed himself to be genetically altered by the Forest to become stronger by using the power of the trees. Convinced that finding E.S.T.O.C. is the only way to restore the Earth back to the world which she once knew, Toola joins Shunack in his quest despite Agito\'s plea not to go. Agito consults his father Agashi, the founder of Neutral City who, as a result of being enhanced and having overused his powers, has turned almost completely into a tree. Agashi, with few days left before becoming a tree completely, encourages Agito to save the Forest from Shunack\'s plan, since destroying the trees would mean the destruction of mankind as well. Agito journeys to the Forest and allows himself to be enhanced, his hair turning silver as a result. Agito follows Shunack and Toola to E.S.T.O.C., which turns out to be a huge volcano converted into a mechanized weapon. E.S.T.O.C., as it turns out, was created by Toola\'s father, the doctor who had begun the genetic research on the trees, as a safeguard against the new species. Shunack betrays the Ragna army and commandeers E.S.T.O.C., revealing his true intentions to use the weapon to clear his guilt: it so happens that Shunack worked on the original genetic alteration experiments on the trees, but, becoming impatient, had tried to speed up the alteration process, leading to the catastrophic invasion of the mutant trees. When Toola learns that Shunack intends to activate E.S.T.O.C. on Neutral City, destroying it completely in the process, she has a change of heart and tries to stop Shunack from activating E.S.T.O.C., but is quickly overpowered. Agito finds them and fights with Shunack. Agito transforms into a tree to kill Shunack and save Toola at the cost of his own life. Toola deactivates E.S.T.O.C. and the weapon begins to self-destruct; however, Toola refuses to leave without Agito, having developed strong feelings for him. Although Agito\'s body has been absorbed by the tree, his consciousness is intact on another plane, and there the Forest reveals to him the truth about the relationship between itself and the humans. Agito learns that the genetic admixture that gives humans extraordinary strength and eventually turns them into trees is really a two-way exchange; it also changes the Forest, causing trees to give birth to new humans in giant fruits. Having become one with the Forest, Shunack is now at peace and no longer intends to fight Agito. The Forest, seeing that Agito can teach humanity that there is no need for either hostility or separation between themselves and the trees, returns Agito to his true form, allowing him and Toola to escape before E.S.T.O.C. erupts into flames. With the humans and the Forest saved, Agito brings peace between all humans and the trees. Toola finally lets go of her past by throwing her Raban off a ledge down into the depths of the Forest, learning to live in harmony with the trees at last.'] ['Set in the Shōryaku and Chōtoku eras of Japan\'s Heian period, Kai Doh Maru is set against a background of a capital under threat from disease, outlaws, and political plots. The story reworks themes from Japanese folklore, focusing on the relationship between Sakata no Kintoki  and Minamoto no Raikō, one of the first military Minamoto and "monster hunters" of folklore.Sansom, George . \'A History of Japan to 1334\'. Stanford, California: Stanford University Press. The story replaces the traditional image of Kintaro - a strong, ruddy-cheeked man研究社新和英大辞典 (Kenkyusha Japanese-English Dictionary, "Kintarō" - with that of a determined, tomboyish girl, while retaining much of the traditional character such as the carrying of an axe.http://www.sonymusic.co.jp/Animation/kaidohmaru/introduction/character/kintoki.html Other historical figures from the period who have also become objects of folklore, such as Fujiwara no Michinaga and the rebel Taira no Masakado also make an appearance. The story begins at Mount Ashigara in Sagami Province in the Shōryakuera, where the young Kintoki is caught in a bloody family feud. Disguised as a boy by her father to protect her from her uncle\'s ambitions to take over the family, Kintoki\'s memories of her childhood indicate that she was intended as the next head of the family. She is almost killed by her uncle when he kills her family in a coup, but is rescued by the arrival of the warrior Minamoto no Raikō, who takes her back to the capital. There she grows up and joins Raikō\'s band of warriors, known as the "Four Heavenly Kings" Shitennō, and grows very close to Raikō, though their apparent feelings for each other remain undeclared. Five years later  she joins Raikō and his associates in policing the capital during a period of unrest caused by an outbreak of disease and bandits from Oeyama. Unbeknownst to Kintoki, the bandit leader Shuten Dōji is in fact his cousin, Ohni-hime. Ohni-hime is unaware that Kintoki is not a man, and has come to Heian-kyō to "rescue" him. The Oeyama bandits are secretly acting in cooperation Fujiwara no Michinaga, who hopes to use the chaos they cause to extend his control over the government. This results in the burning of the capital by Shuten Dōji and her follower Taira no Masakado. In the fighting, several of Raikō\'s associates are killed and Kintoki is abducted by Ohni-hime, forcing Raikō to seek her out in the bandit\'s Oeyama lair.http://www.sonymusic.co.jp/Animation/kaidohmaru/introduction/story/index.html'] ["Blade of the Phantom Master takes place in the fictional land of Jushin, modeled after feudal Korea. In Jushin, there once lived secret government agents called the amhaeng eosa , who traveled the countryside in disguise. They were charged by the king with finding and punishing corrupt government officials, and bringing justice to the country's citizens. At the start of the series, Jushin has been destroyed, fractured into numerous fiefdoms and kingdoms, many of which are ruled by corrupt and tyrannical warlords. Blade of the Phantom Master follows the adventures of one of the remaining amen osa, Munsu, as he continues to wander the countryside and deals with the chaos caused by Jushin's fall. Though initially episodic in nature, it becomes apparent as the series progresses that Munsu's travels are not random. In truth, Munsu is searching for the man responsible for assassinating his best friend, the king of Jushin, an act that led to the fall of the country. But as Munsu grows closer to reaching his goal, he encounters old friends and comrades from his past, some who have since switched their allegiance to his enemy. Through them, it is revealed that Munsu was not always an amheng osa and is himself partly responsible for the king's death and subsequent fall of Jushin. In addition to the overarching plotline, the series also uses the exploits of Munsu and his companions to retell various Korean folk stories.  In Blade of the Phantom Master, amheng osa bear bronze medallions, given to them by the king and emblazoned with between one and three horses. The greater the number of horses, the higher the rank of the amheng osa. Amheng osa of first mahai rank have one horse emblazoned onto their medallions, which allows them to wield basic magic to fight ordinary soldiers. The most powerful medallions feature three horses, and allow the bearers, third mahai , to perform summonings and regenerate injuries. Despite being made for use by amheng osa, the mahai medallions will also work for normal people, so long as their convictions and willpower in executing justice are sufficiently strong. Hong Gildong, for example, successfully wielded a fourth mahai medallion. After the fall of Jushin, both first and second mahai medallions were rendered useless; only third and fourth mahai medallions still functioned. Amheng osa are also prohibited from having families, but they are allowed a single travel partner called a 'Sando', who doubles as a bodyguard. Sando tend to be individuals of great fighting prowess or intelligent beasts."] ['Wataru Mitani is a quiet and unassuming fifth grader in Japan. A new student called Mitsuru Ashikawa begins attending Wataru\'s school, though he is in a different class. There are also rumors circulating about the Daimatsu building, an empty, unfinished building near Wataru\'s school: witnesses claimed to have seen a ghost wandering behind the building\'s blue tarps. One day after school, while out with his uncle, Wataru witnesses an old man entering the abandoned building. Wataru follows him into the building and stumbles into the strange world of Vision. In Vision, he is told that the portal he crossed, called the Porta Nectere, opens only once every ten years for ninety days. People from his world are strictly forbidden to enter Vision unless they obtain the status of Traveler from "the gatekeeper". Unfortunately, he is also told he will forget everything of his visit. Upon re-entering the Porta Nectere, he is awoken by his uncle to find that Vision was a dream; Wataru supposedly fell from the stairs of the Daimatsu building. Wataru\'s uncle brings Wataru home only to discover a terrible truth: the boy\'s parents are divorcing and his father is running off with his mistress, leaving his wife and Wataru behind. Both Wataru and his mother are shocked, and to add to Wataru\'s stress, he finds his memories of Vision slipping away. Later, Wataru\'s father\'s lover confronts Wataru\'s mother over who Wataru\'s father really loves. After this encounter, Wataru\'s mother attempts suicide by leaving on the gas in the house. Mitsuru visits him, warns him of the gas, and tells him to go to Vision if he wants to change his fate. Wataru struggles to remember, but he finally goes to the Daimatsu building to cross the portal to Vision. Thus, Wataru\'s journey in Vision begins. When he arrives in Vision, Wataru meets an old man who calls himself the Wayfinder. He tells Wataru what he must do to change his destiny: Wataru has to collect five gemstones to go to the Tower of Destiny, where the Goddess grants each Traveler one wish. Each stone has a different quality: charity, bravery, faith, grace, and the power of darkness and light. Wataru encounters friends and foes during his adventures, and he ultimately comes to terms with the nature of himself.'] ["In 2000, a series of unknown attacks on Labors have made two police detectives, Shinichiro Hata and Takeshi Kusumi, investigate these string of events alongside members of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department's SV2 unit in solving the case in which the labors that were attacked belong to Schaft Industries. As they begin to unravel the reason behind the attacks, the two detectives find out that the attacks may have something to do with the American military stationed in Japan, as well as elements of the Japanese Ground Self-Defense Forces, coupled with a female scientist involved in a biological weapons program known as Wasted XIII."] ['Sometime in the future, mankind has depleted all energy and fuel sources, however they have somehow engineered a way to use human excrement as fuel. To reward production, the government hands out extremely addictive, popsicle-like "Juicybars", which in turn also makes them constipated. Aachi and Ssipak are street hoodlums who struggle to survive by trading black market Juicybars. Through a chain of events involving their porn-director acquaintance Jimmy the Freak, they meet wannabe-actress Beautiful, whose defecations are rewarded by exceptional quantities of Juicybars. For that reason, Beautiful is also wanted by the violent blue mutants known as the Diaper Gang , the police , and others.'] [' In the film\'s backstory, human civilizations built flying cities, later destroyed by an unspecified catastrophe, forcing the survivors to live on the ground while the sole exception Laputa remains in the sky, concealed by a thunderstorm. In the story\'s opening, an airship carrying a girl named Sheeta and her abductor Muska is attacked by the air-pirate Dola and her sons, in search of Sheeta\'s crystal amulet; and in the resulting struggle, Sheeta falls from the airship, only to be slowed by the amulet in mid-fall. On the ground, she is received by a youth named Pazu, whose father had earlier been in search of Laputa. In the next day they are pursued by Dola\'s pirates, and later by Muska\'s soldiers; eventually to fall into a nearly-exhausted mine. There, they encounter the local eccentric \'Uncle Pomme\', who informs them that Sheeta\'s amulet is one of the \'volucite\' crystals  formerly used to keep Laputa aloft. {{cite web}}  Upon leaving the mines, Sheeta says that her real name is Lusheeta Toel Ul Laputa; whereupon they are captured by Muska. Later, Muska shows Sheeta a dormant Laputan robot and reveals his knowledge of her secret name, which he interprets as that of a Laputan royal line, and threatens Pazu, whom she therefore orders home. Disappointed in her, Pazu returns to his own house, where he is seized by Dola\'s sons. Sheeta, retained by Muska, recites an apotropaic verse and unexpectedly activates the robot, who begins to destroy Muska\'s fortress to find her, while Pazu and Dola\'s pirates embark in winged \'flaptors\' to rescue her themselves. Meanwhile the robot seizes Sheeta; but when struck by Muska\'s artillery, retaliates against the fortress, until Sheeta orders it to desist, losing her amulet in the meantime. The robot is then overcome by the airship Goliath; and Pazu rescues Sheeta, while Muska retrieves the amulet. The pirates, accompanied by Pazu and Sheeta, return to their airship Tiger Moth, where Dola assigns Sheeta to the galley and Pazu to assist her engineer, and in which they pursue the direction identified by Sheeta\'s amulet as that of Laputa, while Muska follows the same in the Goliath. Both airships arrive at Laputa on the following day, where the two children, separated from Dola\'s pirates, discover a city devoid of human life, but possessed of a parklike woodland maintained by a robot resembling that of the fortress, while Muska\'s soldiers plunder the city\'s treasures, holding Dola\'s pirates captive. Upon gaining entrance to the city\'s central sphere, Muska captures Sheeta; whereupon Pazu frees Dola\'s pirates and pursues Muska. In the center of Laputa, containing the immense \'volucite\' crystal keeping the city aloft, Muska identifies himself as one of the "Romuska Palo Ul Laputa", another royal line, and uses Laputan technology to destroy the soldiers accompanying him; whereupon Sheeta seizes her crystal amulet and flees, prompting him to pursuit. Encountering Pazu through a gap in an internal wall, Sheeta gives him her amulet, and is herself later cornered by Muska in Laputa\'s abandoned throne room. There, Muska is defeated when the protagonists cite Sheeta\'s \'Spell of Destruction\', blinding Muska and shattering much of the city. Having escaped the collapse, Pazu and Sheeta re-unite with Dola\'s pirates, and later part from them, whereupon the ending credits show the remains of Laputa, maintained by the roots of an immense tree, in orbit above the earth.'] ['Today, the planet Venus is a literal hell of furnace-like temperatures and dense, poisonous atmosphere. But millions of years in its past, Venus teemed with life and with a civilization far advanced to our own. The Nemisis supercomputer controls government functions, with bioroid "executors" created to carry out the system\'s utopian edicts. But trouble brews even in paradise, as different executors vie for control of Nemesis, forcing the governing system to secretly create Duna Typhon, a super-bioroid "sleeper," raised among the human populace, ready to use her awesome powers should Nemesis be co-opted to turn paradise into paradise lost. http://www.darkhorse.com/Books/14-261/Black-Magic-2nd-Edition-TPB  The series was adapted as an original video animation in 1987 directed by Hiroyuki Kitakubo and Masamune Shirow. The OVA is very loosely based on one of the volumes of the manga and centers around the efforts of a female journalist named Sybel to save a young girl from an out-of-control military android created by the girl\'s grandfather.  A thunderstorm illuminates a military transport chopper which is flying to an undisclosed located with a secret cargo- two fully equipped, but un-programmed M-66 battle androids. It becomes apparent that the chopper is suffering from some sort of attack, as one of the turbines flares up before exploding, causing both pilots to fight to get the massive craft under control again. Shaken, the co-pilot grabs the radio and begins to issue a \'MAYDAY\' distress call, but is stopped by the steely eyed glance he receives from the pilot. Both men evacuate the doomed craft and it crashes in a remote forest miles away from Center City, although both of the M-66\'s storage pods are thrown from the wreckage. As the opening credits commence, one of the pods slips down a mud bank and opens as the M-66\'s automatically begin their mission. Two men hiking in the forest become the M-66\'s first \'confirmed\' kills- as they stumble upon the body of a dead bear which one, or both of the androids beat senselessly before killing it ruthlessly. The men become scared upon investigating the bear\'s body and finding that even its paws have been broken. Running off into the woods, it becomes apparent that the M-66\'s go after both men, but their demise isn\'t shown on screen. Sybel, a freelance journalist- receives an intercepted Military Broadband Transmission and loads up her equipment to go see what type of footage she can get of the event to sell to the major networks. She\'s joined by Leakey- her cameraman, and a greedy backstabber . Rushing to the scene of the accident, the two of them abandon their truck and try to sneak closer to the crash site which has already been sealed and cordoned off by the military\'s retrieval teams. The military\'s Special Ops Forces are directed by a professional soldier who is identified only as the \'Major\', his status rank. The Major is a seemingly cool, yet calculating man- and his soldiers perform his orders without question. Among the retrieval team is the assistant professor of the android\'s main design programmer- and he is heard talking to the soldier\'s regarding the M-66\'s attack capabilities. The Major orders one of his dispatch craft to go and pick up the lead professor and bring him to the crash site as well, and the men investigate the area some more. The SpecOps Forces have also discovered the bodies of the two hikers, and are running ID checks on both men to see if they were potential spies from the North. The M-66\'s are active searching out their target as well, this becomes apparent when the lead designer, Professor Matthews arrives at the site and talks to Professor Slade, his assistant. It seems that Slade loaded a \'dummy\' program into the M-66\'s before they were transported, which mimics an actual mission engagement. Had he not done that, then when the airship crashed, both androids would have obeyed their secondary programming- and buried themselves deep under ground, to prevent being found by \'enemy forces\'. Professor Matthews tells the Major that the SpecOps Forces must find and rescue his granddaughter Ferris, as she is the target the M-66\'s have been tasked with killing. Both androids do not realize that their mission is a false engagement- as both would have been reprogrammed with real mission directives once they arrived at their destination. The Major decides that the best course of action is to confront the androids on their way into the city area, and he sets a trap for both of the cunning machines. Sybel and Leakey, menawhile- had been captured by the SpecOps Forces in the forest, their equipment was taken, and they were arrested. Both were to be administered a shot of sodium pentothal- but only Leakey is given the shot- the android\'s arrival at the soldier\'s temporary base allows Sybel enough time to try to knock out the guard, but she is ineffective and he shouts at her to quit resisting. Another soldier walks over to their vehicle with a machine gun, and the guard shouts at him to watch Sybel and Leakey, before jumping out to run and join in the battle. Sybel is horrified when she sees the unidentified soldier turn around, a look of disbelief on his face- and a huge wound in the middle of his chest. Falling forward, the soldier dies, and Sybel takes advantage of the situation to get herself and Leakey out of there. Despite the Major\'s best advances and planning however, the androids engage his men and kill the majority of them, before his soldiers deploy a magnetic device which shuts down the androids for a limited time. Using one of these devices, the soldiers manage to capture one of the M-66\'s, and pin it on the hood of one of the transport vehicles using nets. Just before they can retrieve the android however, it self-destructs- using a move known as the \'Scattershot\', which propels all 600,000 of the small bore projectiles embedded within its skin into every direction. This move was meant to keep the androids from falling into enemy hands, and the Major loses more men when the android performs this action. He survived, having been behind one of his men who stood in front of him when the android self-destructed. Just as the men approach the ruined prosthetic chassis- it emits a final failsafe- poison gas, which quickly dissipates in the open air. His remaining forces turn their attention to the remaining M-66, which easily beats them back and then makes its own escape by jumping into the air and disappearing into the surrounding forest. Beaten, but not one to give up easily, the Major regroups his forces and calls for a transport craft to pick them up. Sybel and Leakey make it back to their truck, and Sybel drops Leakey off with the film to go sell to the networks while she tries to get more information on what has happened. By accident, she discovers Professor Matthew\'s house deep in the forest- which has been ransacked by the surviving M-66. Sybel finds one of the Professor\'s robot assistants in the rubble, and mistaking it for a human female, attempts to dig it out before realizng that it is indeed a robot. She then listens as a voicemail message begins playback, it\'s Professor Matthew\'s granddaughter Ferris- saying that she will be home late and that she is out with friends at a restaurant in the city, which she aptly names. Sybel realizes that the M-66 must\'ve heard this same message and has gone to intercept and kill Ferris since she won\'t know it\'s there to kill her. Indeed, Sybel\'s instincts prove correct as she steals a small plane and ends up outrunning two police airships who are attempting to make her land. Just as she makes her way past a small crowd, she sees the remaining M-66, which had blended in with the crowd by putting on a blanket and walking calmly through the city center. The police sirens tip the android off, it thinks that they are there to intercept it, so it destroys one of the airships with its heat laser- causing the airship to explode. In her haste, Sybel arrives at the restaurant and finds Ferris, who is more than reluctant to follow her. Sybel has to tell Ferris that the M-66 is there to kill her, and from then on, it\'s a fight to stay alive for both Sybel and Ferris- with help from the Major and his SpecOps Forces running defense against the unstoppable android.'] ['The plot is set in 2074 in Belgrade. The main character is Edit Stefanović, a female psychology student who, after failing the same university exam for the sixth time, decides to visit a dealer on the black market who installs a stolen military chip in her body that will record everything she sees to help pass the exam. Edit also has a job at a scientific and social research company, in taking care of Abel Mustafov, an autistic math genius who discovered a formula that connects all forces in the world, but no computer was able to calculate it fully without becoming self aware and shutting down immediately after that. After Edit sees the formula graph, the chip calculates the formula, able to "survive" thanks to its connection to Edit, develops a parallel personality and affords her abilities greater than she ever imagined. Alas, this is quickly overshadowed by the discovery that the chip is rapidly taking over her mind and body. She must race against time to save her humanity while simultaneously thwarting the nefarious parties desperate to retrieve the technology inside her.'] ['Sorceresses Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent take an economy boat trip to the magical disappearing island of Mipross, destroyed by the demon Joyrock many years earlier, so they can enjoy the hot springs there. However the two find that things on Mipross are not quite what they seem. Along the way, they meet an old time-traveling wizard named Rowdy Gabriev, an ancestor of Gourry Gabriev, who aids in defeating Joyrock.'] ["In Cencoroll, large, mostly white amorphous creatures have been appearing in a town modeled after Sapporo, Hokkaidō, Japan. {{Nihongo}}  is a male high school student who keeps one such shapeshifting creature named {{Nihongo}}, which he can control via telepathy, though wants to keep it a secret. An inquisitive girl named {{Nihongo}}  chances upon Cenco at school when it is transformed into a bicycle. After Tetsu arrives to retrieve the bicycle, Yuki inadvertently causes Cenco to transform back into its normally large form by poking it in the eye. Yuki is much more interested in Cenco than Tetsu and accompanies them into town. There, a boy named {{Nihongo}} , who controls two of the creatures, confronts Tetsu in order to obtain Cenco. Tetsu manages to fend off Shū's attacks while also protecting Yuki, and they leave while Shū's creature is incapacitated. Shū confronts Yuki later that day and gets her to tell Tetsu to meet and fight Shū again. The following day, Shū takes Yuki hostage to force Tetsu to come, and places her on a ledge of a tall building. After Tetsu arrives, Shū attacks from afar and manages to cut off one of Cenco's arms. To repair the arm, Cenco removes one of Tetsu's arms, which incapacitates him momentarily. Shū arrives with a much larger creature and Cenco takes Yuki within its body where Tetsu already is. Yuki gets Cenco to change control of it from Tetsu to herself, and after Shū's larger creature eats Cenco along with Yuki, she manages to take control of the larger creature as well. They are subsequently attacked by the military with tanks and missiles, but are protected for the time being when Tetsu changes the creature's shape to that of a massive walnut. Tetsu and Yuki are separated and Shū attempts to take control back from Yuki, but he cannot control the creature anymore and severs the link, effectively killing it. Tetsu makes it back with Cenco to where Yuki and Shū are, and Yuki knocks Shū out with Cenco transformed into a baseball bat. Afterwards, Yuki transforms Cenco into Tetsu's lost arm, which gives him back control of his limb. Shū is later shown having been rescued by his other creature."] ["Hayato's home city is under attack from a gigantic robot. His parents are lying dead in the rubble and the only remaining friend is his dog. His only thought now is revenge against the owner of the Phantom Ship . He ends up in the house of Kuroshio, the leader of the fight against the Phantom Ship and the most important person in the city. By complete accident, Hayato finds his way to an underground passageway where he realizes that the true nature of events does not mesh with what Kuroshio has told him. His life is now in great danger, and only he can stop the plans of the evildoers."] ['Koroku Inumura\'s original war romance light novel revolves around Charles Karino, a Levam Kingdom mercenary aerial pilot who mans the twin-seater reconnaissance seaplane Santa Cruz. One day, he receives a preposterous assignment: to fly solo over 12,000 kilometers of enemy waters to protect a girl named Fana del Moral. Fana happens to be the next in line to the empire\'s throne. This mission is actually covert operation as the original escort was taken down by enemy. Charles soon finds out that both original operation and covert operation have been figured by enemy by decoding military telegraphs sent by the crown prince to Fana as part of his love letter."The Princess and the Pilot 9 Minute Digest Streamed" Anime News Network. Retrieved 29 December 2011.'] ['The Vega homeworld has become unstable due to the exploiting of Vegatron, a powerful radioactive ore. Seeking to expand his militaristic empire and find a substitute planet to settle upon, the ruthless King Vega unleashes his armies — composed of flying saucers and giant robotic monsters — and turns first against neighbors such as Fleed, a highly advanced but peaceful world. In a tragically ironic twist, the invaders\' blitzkrieg turns against them: the once verdant, idyllic Fleed is turned into a radioactive wasteland. Too late, the only known survivor of the royal family, Prince Duke Fleed, manages to steal the Grendizer, the robotic embodiment of the Fleedian God of War, from the Vegan invaders who plan to use it to spearhead their invasion fleet. Grendizer is a giant robot that interfaces with Spacer , a flying saucer that enables the robot to fly. Fleeing Vegan space by flying at faster than light speed, Duke enters our solar system and switches course to Earth, making a rough landing in Japan, on the slopes of Mount Fuji. He is befriended by Doctor Umon, a noted scientist who oversees a research laboratory called the Space Science Lab near a small ranch. The kindly Umon takes in the young humanoid alien as his son, under the assumed name of Daisuke, and assists him in hiding Grendizer. Taking the name Daisuke Umon, Duke Fleed works at the ranch run by Danbei Makiba . Roughly two years later, Koji Kabuto returns to Japan after studying abroad in a flying saucer he personally designed and built, called the TFO. He heads to the Space Science Lab after hearing of multiple sightings of "flying saucers". He plans to contact the aliens if possible and make peace with them. Daisuke, however, scoffs at the notion and fears that these aliens, the Vegans, led by generals Blaki and Gandal, are preparing to attack Earth. Koji ignores his warnings and flies out to meet the incoming saucers, only to discover the horrible truth. In order to save Koji and protect his adoptive homeworld from destruction, Daisuke is forced to return to his true identity as Duke Fleed. He unearths Grendizer from its hiding place under the lab and sets off to fight his enemies. The Vegans establish a base on the far side of the Moon and start to attack Earth from there. Koji discovers Duke Fleed\'s true identity and their bitter rivalry soon turns to friendship. The daughter of Danbei Makiba, Hikaru, also discovers Daisuke\'s secret and becomes a pilot in order to assist him despite his objections. Later on, it is revealed that there were two more survivors from planet Fleed: Duke\'s younger sister Maria Grace Fleed and a man who had rescued her and fled to Earth, raising her under the guise of her grandfather. Caught in a crossfire between Grendizer and a Vegan beast, he reveals to Maria that she is the last survivor of the royal family of Fleed  before dying from his wounds. Maria swears revenge on Grendizer and its pilot. She tries to ambush Duke, Koji and Hikaru at the Space Science Lab, but the fight is short lived. Maria\'s attacks bring Duke\'s necklace  into view and the truth is revealed. The lost siblings are reunited at last and Maria becomes the last addition to the team. As the conflict nears its end, it is shown that Duke Fleed was engaged to King Vega\'s daughter, Princess Rubina, prior to the attack on Fleed. When Rubina discovers that planet Fleed is no longer polluted with Vegatron radiation and that her fiancé is alive and well, she rushes to Earth to bring him the good news. Unfortunately, one of King Vega\'s generals uses this opportunity to ambush Duke Fleed, and Rubina is killed when she takes a shot aimed at Duke. This makes Duke even more determined to wipe out the Vegan menace once and for all. King Vega decides to gather his remaining forces and make an all-out attack on Earth, destroying the Moon Base to coax his troops into fighting to the end and finally succeed in invading Earth and taking it as their new home planet. Duke and company go out to intercept them in Grendizer and the newly-designed space combat Spazers. After a fierce battle, they finally manage to destroy the Vegan mother ship along with King Vega himself. Soon afterwards, Duke and Maria bid a tearful farewell to Earth and their friends and return to help reconstruct planet Fleed.'] ['Ryu is still contemplating the death of his master, Gouken, while at the same time experiencing trouble with the {{nihongo}}, an evil energy which Gouken\'s brother, Akuma, succumbed to a long time ago. While in the city, Ryu fights off a few agents working for Shadaloo, gaining the attention of Interpol agent Chun-Li, who does some background research and realizes Ryu is the man who beat Sagat, the Muay Thai Champion, many years ago. Also catching sight of Ryu is aspiring martial artist Sakura, who becomes fascinated with Ryu and vows to track him down and become his student. In Japan, Ryu is approached by a mysterious woman, Rose, who questions him briefly about his hold over the Dark Hadou and reason for fighting. While visiting Gouken\'s grave, Ryu meets his old friend, Ken. They are both approached by a young boy named Shun, who claims that he is Ryu\'s long-lost brother. According to Shun, their mother raised Shun in Brazil until her recent death, and she sent Shun to find Ryu before she died. Ken is skeptical, but Ryu decides to take Shun in and notices the boy\'s potential as a fighter. Ken and Shun decide to enter an underground fighting tournament, but Ryu declines. On the way, they are harassed by some street thugs. Ryu and Shun fight them off effortlessly, but Ryu also notices a rather violent and sadistic streak in Shun, whom he has to punch to stop him killing one of the thugs. Ken, meanwhile, finds Sakura in a bar and agrees to take her to Ryu, although he is too late to enter the tournament, much to his chagrin. Inside the building, Ryu is found by Chun-Li, who managed to locate him. In the tournament, watched by its enigmatic organiser, Dr. Sadler, Shun is pitted against the brutal wrestler, Zangief. Shun briefly manages to pummel Zangief with his superior speed, but the Dark Hadou catches up with Shun, distracting him long enough to receive a brutal beating from Zangief. Ryu steps in and briefly fights Zangief, but he too is overcome by the Dark Hadou and he almost kills Zangief with a Dark Hadouken, which misses Zangief but causes the building to start collapsing. As Ken takes an injured Sakura to safety, Ryu is confronted by a huge man, Rosanov, who proves to be more than a match for both Ryu and Chun-Li combined. Just as Rosanov prepares to knock Ryu unconscious, Shun steps in and takes the blast. Ryu succumbs to his rage and obliterates Rosanov with a Shinku Hadouken. However, while Ryu is distracted, Shun is abducted by Shadaloo agents. By now, Ryu has completely lost the will to fight. However, Rose appears before him once again, compelling him to save Shun from Sadler and himself. Ryu accepts, but first goes to see Akuma, accompanied by Chun-Li, in his secluded home in the mountains. Once there, Akuma, under the belief that Ryu has come to challenge him at last, attempts to goad him into succumbing to the Dark Hadou, but Ryu refuses, and Akuma orders him to leave. Ryu manages to ask Akuma if he is Shun\'s father, but Akuma denies it. With this cleared, Ryu decides to travel to Sadler\'s hideout and rescue Shun himself, accompanied by Ken, Chun-Li, Guy, Dan, Dhalsim, Birdie, Adon, Rolento and Sodom. As the other fighters battle outside Sadler\'s lab in the arena, Ryu, Ken and Chun-Li sneak inside to find Shun. The first winner is Birdie, and he is led into a trap which will strip him of his fighting potential, though he is freed by Ken and Chun-Li, who break the other fighters out. However, they are confronted by a very alive Rosanov in the corridor, who makes quick work of the three of them despite their efforts, blowing that part of the hideout to smithereens. Ryu arrives on the scene and fights Rosanov again, realizing that Rosanov is actually an android, and this one is really Shun, who was working for Sadler and luring Ryu into a trap. Shun/Rosanov attempts to goad Ryu into using the Dark Hadou, since he is connected to Sadler and every blow which is landed on Shun/Rosanov will increase Sadler\'s fighting potential and make him stronger. Ryu refuses, but is eventually pushed over the edge when Shun/Rosanov beats Ken mercilessly and Ken uses the last of his strength for a Shoryuken which does nothing more than dislocate the android\'s jaw. Finally, Ryu succumbs and fires a Dark Hadouken at the android, freeing Shun and destroying Rosanov once and for all. With this sudden increase in power, Sadler bursts out of his lab and finally emerges on the battlefield. With Ryu exhausted, Sadler easily takes the upper hand and pummels Ryu around. Ryu prepares to succumb to the Dark Hadou once again, even though Ken and Shun implore him not to. Sadler overwhelms Ryu with a Hadouken, which nearly kills him. Though only Ryu can see her, Rose intervenes, informing Ryu that "you haven\'t drawn the death card yet". Inspired, Ryu snaps out of the vision and returns to his normal state and fires a normal, Shinku Hadouken directly into a distracted Sadler, who crumbles into dust while openly wondering how Ryu could still surpass him. Shun\'s injuries, however, are too severe, and as he lies dying, he reveals that he lied to Ryu about being his brother and worked with Sadler so as to raise money for his mother, who still died. As Shun succumbs, Ryu vows never to use the Dark Hadou ever again. The movie\'s final scenes depict the fighters returning to their everyday lives. Sakura, now fully recovered, decides to continue training so that one day she may be able to fight Ryu. In a distant area near the sea, Ryu is seen sparring with Akuma.'] [' In 1974, Japan underwent the Separation: the southern part, including the main islands of Honshū and Kyūshū, were occupied by the United States, while the northern island, Hokkaidō , was occupied by the "Union" . Also in that same year, the Union began the construction of a strange tower on Hokkaido designed by a scientist named Ekusun Tsukinoe. By the 1990s when the story begins, the U.S. occupation of southern Japan has ended, and the two nations have formed a pact called the Alliance. Hokkaido remains under the control of the Union. An underground group committed to reunifying Japan known as the Uilta Liberation Front exists in the South.  The anime follows the story of three friends living in Aomori on the northern end of southern Japan: two boys, Hiroki Fujisawa and Takuya Shirakawa, both child prodigies; and one girl, Sayuri Sawatari. In 1996, the three are in ninth grade, their last year of middle school, and they are fascinated by the Hokkaido Tower visible across the Tsugaru Strait to the north. One of Sayuri\'s friends, Kana Matsuura, confesses to Takuya that she has romantic feelings for him, but he does not return her feelings. Takuya tells Hiroki that he should date Kana instead, but Hiroki declines, as he is actually romantically interested in Sayuri. Hiroki stays after school for archery practice while Sayuri stays after school for violin practice; they ride the train home together and get to know each other, and Sayuri becomes close friends with the two boys. The two boys have found a crashed Maritime Self-Defense Force drone plane. Naming it the Velaciela, they work on rebuilding the plane. The three teenagers promise to one day fly to Hokkaido to visit the Tower. However, before they can do this, Sayuri mysteriously disappears during the summer.  Three years later, Takuya and Hiroki have stopped working on the plane, having taken different paths after the grief they suffered at Sayuri\'s disappearance. Although only in high school, the brilliant Takuya is working as a physicist at an Alliance scientific facility sponsored by the United States\' National Security Agency, researching parallel universes  alongside Ms. Maki Kasahara under the supervision of Professor Tomizawa. They know that the Hokkaido Tower, which began operating in 1996, replaces matter around it with matter from other universes, but they do not yet know why it does this for only a 2-km radius. Takuya becomes involved with the Uilta Liberation Front after he learns that Mr. Okabe is its leader; his factory workers are the other agents of the organization. Okabe was originally motivated to form the group when his family was trapped in Hokkaido by the Separation, and he signs Takuya on for an excursion to Ezo with Uilta. Sayuri is revealed to have been hospitalized over the past three years, having developed an extreme form of narcolepsy; she has been sleeping continuously for most of the three years. Her mind is trapped in an unpopulated parallel universe, where she is all alone. Tomizawa has discovered that she is somehow connected to the Union\'s research into parallel universes and the Hokkaido Tower\'s ability to change the surrounding land into alternate possibilities, but Tomizawa keeps this information, as well as her whereabouts, secret from Takuya initially. Tomizawa is secretly working with the Uilta Liberation Front and lets Mr. Okabe know about Sayuri, while Mr. Okabe reveals that the Uilta Liberation Front plans to bomb the Hokkaido Tower to incite war against the Union, hoping that this will lead to the reunification of Japan. Hiroki has moved to Tokyo where he attends high school. He is haunted by frequent dreams of Sayuri and suffers from depression, leading a miserable and lonely existence. A letter written by Sayuri before she became completely comatose eventually reaches him and he reads it in March 2000, giving him a lead to go looking for her. Though in separate universes, the two manage to make brief, temporary contact, and Hiroki realises that the only way to wake Sayuri is to fly her body over the Tower, to take her to the "promised land of our childhood". Sayuri\'s body, however, has been taken to a secure hospital ward at the Aomori Army College.  Tensions continue to grow between the Alliance and the Union, as it becomes apparent that the Union is attempting to use the Tower as a weapon to replace the existing world with a parallel universe. Things are further complicated when it is discovered that Ekusun Tsukinoe, who constructed the Tower, was Sayuri\'s grandfather, and that the only thing preventing the Tower from activating is Sayuri\'s coma , forcing Hiroki and Takuya to choose between saving the world or saving Sayuri. After fighting over the decision, Hiroki convinces Takuya that Sayuri is worth risking the world. Takuya steals the body of the still-comatose Sayuri from the military hospital. The boys finish building the Velaciela just hours before the United States plans to declare war on the Union. The plane only seats two, so Takuya allows Hiroki to pilot the plane and fulfill their childhood promise. Hiroki manages to fly the plane across the strait to the Tower carrying Sayuri and a missile provided by the Uilta Liberation Front. When Sayuri finally awakens while the plane circles the Tower, the Tower activates and immediately begins to transform the surrounding area; the area under transformation grows to encompass much of Hokkaido. In the last few minutes of her coma, Sayuri realizes that when she awakes she will lose all her memories of her dreams of the past 3 years, and thus upon waking she weeps because, unknowingly, she lost the memory of her love for Hiroki. Flying back, Hiroki fires the missile, destroying the Tower and stopping the matter transformation. The film ends with Hiroki vowing to Sayuri that they will start their relationship anew.'] ['This film is about the daily lives of the Yamada family: Takashi and Matsuko , Shige , Noboru , Nonoko , and Pochi . It has a significantly different "feel" to it than the other Studio Ghibli films, not only because of its different style of animation, but also because it is not a contiguous plot, but rather a series of vignettes, each preceded by a title such as "Father as Role Model", "A Family Torn Apart" or "Patriarchal Supremacy Restored". These vignettes cover such issues as losing a child in a department store, the relationships between father and son, or husband and wife, the wisdom of age, getting one\'s first girlfriend and many more. Each is presented with humour, presenting a very believable picture of family life which crosses cultural boundaries. The relationships between Matsuko, Takashi and Shige are particularly well observed, with Shige giving advice and proverbs to all the family members, and having a great strength of character which far outweighs Matsuko\'s. Takashi and Matsuko\'s relationship is often the focus of the episodes, their rivalries, such as arguing about who has control of the television, their frustrations and their difficulties, but the overriding theme is their love for one another despite their flaws, and their desire to be the best parents possible for their children. For a much more detailed plot synopsis, covering every episode in detail see: plot synopsis.'] ["In Southtown, young Terry and Andy Bogard are out with their master, Tung Fu Rue and their father, Jeff Bogard. Jeff is distracted by a group of poor children who beg him for money and a pretty, young flower girl as part of an attempt on his life by four attackers, one of whom succeeds in stabbing him. He is then confronted by his old rival Geese Howard, and dies of his wounds. In front of his grave, Tung makes the boys promise that in ten years they will reunite as much stronger men to punish Geese. Ten years later, Terry returns to Southtown. Geese learns of his return from his right hand man, Billy Kane, while Terry has a drink in a bar he owns. Along the way, Terry meets Lily McGuire, the beautiful Queen of South Town in a night club and later talking to some poor children and giving them food and money. He recognizes her as the flower girl who helped Geese murder his father, but does not hold it against her. Afterwards, he meets Joe Higashi, a champion Muay Thai kickboxer and a long time friend and rival of Andy. Joe is in Southtown to enter the King of Fighters tournament, and Terry befriends him upon learning that he is his brother's friend. Terry is then reacquainted with Andy and Tung. Tung tells them of a technique called the Hurricane Punch that only he knows, which he will teach to only one of them. Terry decides that both he and Andy should enter the King of Fighters tournament and should one of them be the victor, Tung will teach him the technique. When Geese learns that the brothers are entering the tournament, he sets a trap for them. He has Lily deliver poisoned champagne to Terry before his fight, but she fails because of her feelings towards him, as he is the only one who has seen her true self and might redeem her of her former sins. Terry defeats his opponent, Richard Meyer, and makes it to the final fight with his brother Andy. As the fight starts, Joe notices a man who tries assassinate the Bogards and takes the bullet intended for them. With the help of Lily, the three escape the tournament, but at the cost of Lily's life at Geese's hands. Tung himself is seriously injured by Billy Kane and hospitalized in a coma. Andy, angered by Tung's injuries, sets off to Geese's lair with Joe. Tung is able to emerge from his coma and teach Terry the Hurricane Punch, but the effort of demonstrating it kills him. Andy and Joe battle their way to confront Geese, but neither are strong enough to defeat him. After Terry arrives and sees Andy defeated, he attacks Geese using his new technique, Senpuken, which barely has an effect. He absorbs more energy and ends up with a new technique, the Hurricane Kick, which defeats Geese. Later, Terry, Andy and Joe meet up at Jeff Bogard's grave before going their separate ways."] ["Characters {{details}} Several of the cast members are voice actors and appeared in Urusei Yatsura, which Oshii worked on as chief director and head writer. *Kōichi Todome  *Washio Midori  *Sōichirō Toribe  *Bunmei Muroto  *Young Lady  *Moongaze Ginji  *Hamburger Tetsu  *Beefbowl Ushigoro  *Medium Hot Sabu  *Baked Bean Pastry Amataro  *Crepe Mami  *Middle-aged man in billiards, taxi driver's voice  *Taxi driver  *Oriental Hotel receptionist  *Soba Udon cook  *Airport announcer  *Umibōzu"] ['After being defeated by the Jurai Emperor and the Galaxy Police centuries ago, the monstrously powerful Super A-1 class criminal Kain was imprisoned in the subspace room of the GP\'s headquarters, never to be released. In the present , Kain escapes his bonds, destroys the GP space station, and travels back in time to take his revenge on Jurai\'s royal family. The Galaxy Police only has time to send a short warning, which Mihoshi and Kiyone intercept. The Masaki house, the shrine, and Tenchi himself all begin to fade out of existence. Washu theorizes that someone is tampering with the established timeline, and uses a shield to keep Tenchi from vanishing. The shield is only a temporary solution, so Washu sends the rest of the group back to 1970 to prevent Kain from killing Tenchi\'s mother Achika. Tenchi\'s friends assume roles at Tenchi\'s father Nobuyuki and Achika\'s high school, while Tenchi himself stays hidden to prevent causing a paradox. Tenchi and his friends must also deal with a rogue GP operative bent on seizing glory by killing Kain. After determining the exact time that Kain strikes in 1970, the group tries to defend Achika, only to see the villain escape into subspace with her and Nobuyuki. Tenchi, Ayeka and Ryoko follow and challenge Kain, but even with their powers boosted by Washu they are no match for him. Washu sends a powerful "dimensional cannon" from the present, and Kiyone mans the weapon to destroy Kain. Tenchi is wounded, and Achika unlocks her latent Jurai powers to fuel his sword and deal a crippling blow to Kain. The group barely escapes in time before the dimensional cannon is fired into their pocket of subspace, finally destroying Kain. Before her memory is wiped along with Nobuyuki\'s, Achika asks Ryoko and Ayeka to take care of Tenchi, since she will not be there for him in their present.'] ['The film opens with Piccolo being attacked and supposedly killed by a group of shadowed fighters. He couldn\'t have been killed, because Kami still was alive and fought Garlic. Chi-Chi along with her father, Ox King, and Gohan are attacked by an unknown group of warriors. Goku is out fishing during the attack and after sensing danger, he returns only to find his son has been kidnapped. The group responsible for the attack are Garlic Jr.\'s henchmen, and it is later revealed that they were not so much holding Gohan ransom for any reason, but because they were after the four-star Dragon Ball that was attached to his hat. After retrieving the remaining Dragon Balls, Garlic Jr. summons Shenron and he immediately wishes for immortality. Shenron, never having to grant this type of demand before, grants Garlic Jr. his wish. A furious Goku arrives to try to take back his son, but soon discovers Garlic Jr.\'s new power. Kami makes an appearance  and meets up with Goku, and describes a brief history of Garlic Jr. and his father Garlic. Goku then proceeds to try to find Gohan when he is attacked by the villain\'s gang, whilst Kami faces Garlic Jr. After brief fighting, Krillin and Piccolo arrive to help. Piccolo gets revenge for being attacked earlier by defeating Garlic Jr.\'s henchman Sansho, while Goku manages to defeat the other two henchmen Ginger and Nicky. Meanwhile, Kami is getting brutally outmatched by Garlic Jr., until Goku and Piccolo rescue him. And with Garlic Jr.\'s newly obtained immortality and a new muscular second form, it seems not even Earth\'s warriors can take him down. But when Goku & Piccolo work together, two-against-one prevails, and Garlic Jr. is outclassed. Angry at his defeat, Garlic Jr. unleashes his ultimate attack, and bursting with anger, he opens up a portal known as the "Dead Zone". Intending to suck his enemies into the void, Garlic Jr. becomes frustrated with Goku\'s ability to avoid the Dead Zone, and he decides to handle Goku himself, and later force him into the Dead Zone. Things looking extremely difficult for Earth\'s hero, Goku\'s son, Gohan, becomes enraged witnessing his father and friends in danger and releases his latent energy, blasting Garlic Jr. into his own vortex to be trapped for an eternity. Remarkably, in the end of it all, Gohan doesn\'t remember a thing of what happened, instead believing that his father defeated Garlic Jr., and with amazement, Goku figures his son is no ordinary boy, but one with a great hidden potential. At the end of the film, Piccolo is seen from above, looking down on Goku and his friends and vows that one day, he will defeat Goku.'] [' In Tokyo, Poupelin plays a song on his flute to hypnotize children, following him into a mysterious ship before sailing off into the sky. Meanwhile, Usagi, Chibiusa, and the other girls bake cookies together at Makoto\'s apartment. Usagi ends up with cookies that look perfect and taste terrible; Chibiusa produces the reverse. Chibiusa sets out to give her cookies to Mamoru, but is stopped by a butterfly wing-shaped boy in strange white clothing standing outside the sweets shop. They befriend each other, and he causes some of the treats inside the shop window to dance by playing a tune on his flute before revealing himself as Pereru. Meanwhile, Usagi visits Mamoru with her cookies, and they argue over his strong and close friendship with Chibiusa. They hear a report on the radio about the mass disappearance of children all over the world. Around the same time, Chibiusa gives her bag of cookies to Pereru before going their separate ways. That night, Chibiusa wakes up, and begins walking through the city. Diana wakes Usagi, who along with the other girls, follow Chibiusa, and the other children. They save Chibiusa, but get into a fight with Poupelin, and his "Bonbon Babies." Poupelin then hypnotizes the girls into seeing a Gingerbread House. In turn, Tuxedo Mask appears, and snaps the girls out of the spell. Queen Badiane orders her henchman Poupelin and the fairies to hurry up. Pereru says outright that he does not believe in her anymore, but she seems unconcerned and orders that Super Sailor Chibi Moon be captured. The ship lands, along with two others, in Marzipan Castle. When the doors are opened, the children run out into the darkness, except for Chibi Moon. Looking into the shadows, she witnesses "Dream Coffins," each containing a sleeping child. Badiane lifts her into the air, commenting on the power she senses from Super Sailor Chibi Moon, and explains her purpose. In the castle\'s center, a massive Black Dream Hole is forming, gathering the magical "sugar energy" of the sleeping children. Eventually it will overtake Earth, and all humans will enter into Dream Coffins. Meanwhile, Pereru leads the other Super Sailor Soldiers to a flying ship of his own. He tells them that Badiane promised that the children would be happy and safe in her world of dreams and where they can remain children indefinitely, but he thinks also of Chibiusa, his friend. As they reach the castle, they are attacked, and after crash-landing fight Poupelin, Banane, and Orangeat, as well as three sets of Bonbon Babies. Just when the situation seems hopeless, the Senshi are saved by Sailors Neptune, Uranus, and Pluto. With this advantage, they are able to break the flutes of the three fairies, changing them into small birds. The Senshi infiltrate the castle and confront Queen Badiane, who has drained enough dream energy from the children, including Chibiusa, to create the Black Dream Hole. The power drain is enough to force all the Sailor Soldiers except Super Sailor Moon into a half-detransformation. Taking Chibiusa with her, Badiane enters the hole itself, and Super Sailor Moon follows. Sailor Moon then finds herself in Mamoru\'s apartment, carrying Chibiusa. Mamoru lays her on the bed, then wraps his arms around Super Sailor Moon and tells her not to worry about anything, just to stay there with him. She asks him again who is more important, herself or Chibiusa; he eventually tells her that she is. Super Sailor Moon lifts Chibiusa in her arms once again, and eventually realizes that this experience is all just a dream. As Sailor Moon tries to flee, Badiane demands Super Sailor Moon to give back Chibiusa, but Sailor Moon refuses. Badiane assimilates herself into the black dream hole and attacks Super Sailor Moon with fire. Hearing her mental cry, the other seven Super Sailor Senshi send their power and strength to Super Sailor Moon, awakening Super Sailor Chibi Moon. Together, they destroy Badiane using a double Moon Gorgeous Meditation attack. After the battle, Marzipan Castle is destroyed, and with Pereru\'s help, the Super Sailor Senshi escape. The airships, each carrying children, return to Earth. Later, at a beach, Pereru gives Chibiusa his glass flute, telling her that he is the fairy who protects children\'s dreams, and will always be with her, and Chibi Moon kisses him goodbye on the cheek. As Pereru flies away, the Sailor Senshi watch the sun rise.{{cite web}}'] ['    A giant demon-possessed boar attacks an Emishi village. The last Emishi prince, Ashitaka, is forced to fight and kill him. In the struggle, Ashitaka receives a curse on his right arm,<ref nameClements|firstThe Anime Encyclopedia|yearStone Bridge Press|location1-933330-10-4|coauthorsEnglish}} which grants him superhuman strength but will eventually kill him. Under the advice of the village oracle, he leaves to travel to the west in search of a cure. On his journey, he meets Jigo, a wandering monk who tells Ashitaka that he might find help from the Forest Spirit of a mountain range populated by giant animal-gods. Iron Town, located in that range, continually clears the nearby forests to make charcoal to smelt ironsand and produces advanced firearms, leading to battles with the giant forest beasts. Among these animals are giant wolves accompanied by San, who the villagers of Iron Town call "Princess Mononoke." She is a young human woman who was adopted by the giant wolf goddess Moro. Ashitaka discovers two villagers injured by the wolves near a river. He returns to Iron Town, passing through the forest, where he catches a glimpse of the {{nihongo}}, a kirin-like creature by day and a towering "night-walker" by night. In Iron Town, Ashitaka learns from Lady Eboshi, the manager of the settlement, that she created the boar-demon by killing the giant boar god Nago, one of the protectors of the forest. Though angered, Ashitaka also finds out that Iron Town is a refuge for ancient Japan\'s social outcasts, including prostitutes and lepers, and thus finds himself unable to condemn Eboshi. That night, San infiltrates Iron Town to kill Eboshi. Ashitaka intervenes and stops the fighting between Eboshi and San. While leaving the town with San, he is shot through the chest, badly wounding him. San takes Ashitaka to the Forest Spirit, who heals his gunshot wound but does not remove the curse. San starts to develop romantic feelings for Ashitaka. Boars, led by the boar god Okkoto, arrive to attack Iron Town, and San joins them. Meanwhile, Eboshi prepares for the assault and sets out to destroy the Forest Spirit. Jigo, now revealed to be a mercenary-hunter, intends to give the head to the emperor, who in turn promises to give Jigo a fortune and grant Iron Town legal protection from local daimyos. During the assault, the Imperial hunters kill the boars, and Okkoto is corrupted by a gunshot wound. Despite San\'s attempts to stop Okkoto from becoming a demon like Nago, she is swept up in the corruption pouring out from his body. However, Moro, who was mortally wounded in the assault, rescues San, with Ashitaka\'s help. The Forest Spirit appears and takes Okkoto and Moro\'s lives away. Lying in ambush, Eboshi shoots several times and decapitates the Forest Spirit during its transformation into the "night-walker". Jigo collects the head as the Forest Spirit\'s body transforms into a "mindless god of death" that begins destroying everything in its vicinity in search of its head. Ashitaka and San chase down and take back the head from Jigo, returning it to the Forest Spirit just as the sun rises. It collapses into the lake, healing the land as well as the lepers and accursed, including Ashitaka and San. Though Ashitaka means much to San, she still despises humans for their actions and decides to continue living in the forest. Ashitaka decides to stay and help to rebuild the town. However, Ashitaka tells San that he will visit her in the forest. Eboshi, amazed by the efforts of Ashitaka, San and the wolves to save her and the people of Iron Town, vows to rebuild a better town. The film ends with a Kodama appearing in the rejuvenated forest.'] ["The series is set in the year 2000. The show follows the exploits of Little Jimmy Sparks, a 12-year-old boy who controls Gigantor, a huge flying robot, with a remote control. The robot is made of steel and has a rocket-powered backpack for flight, a pointy nose, eyes that never move, and incredible strength, but no intelligence . Whoever has the remote control controls Gigantor. Originally developed as a weapon by Jimmy's father, Gigantor was later reprogrammed to act as a guardian of peace. Jimmy Sparks lives with his uncle Dr. Bob Brilliant on a remote island. Jimmy usually wears shorts and a jacket, carries a firearm and occasionally drives a car. Together, Jimmy and Gigantor battle crime around the world, and clash with the many villains who are always trying to steal or undermine the giant robot."] ["Long ago, Princess Snow Kaguya tried to cover the entire Earth in solid ice, but failed when the legendary Silver Crystal melted the ice and saved the planet. She has now made her way to Earth to try again. A piece of her comet has been lost and she cannot proceed without it. She sends her minions, the Snow Dancers, to search for the missing fragment. A young astronomer named Kakeru Ōzora finds the fragment and keeps it in his observatory to study if further. The Senshi are enjoying a day in town. Luna develops a cold and leaves the Senshi to go back to Usagi's house. On the way there, she collapses while crossing the road, and is almost hit by a car, but is rescued and nursed to health by Kakeru. Luna then develops strong romantic feelings for him, even kissing him on the cheek in his sleep, leaving Artemis feeling rejected. Luna herself ends up with unrequited love because it turns out that Kakeru has a sweetheart and girlfriend of his own, an astronaut named Himeko Nayotake, and more importantly, because Luna is a cat. It turns out the two are unhappy because the scientific Himeko cannot come to terms with Kakeru's belief of the existence of the mythological Princess Kaguya; Himeko later leaves on a space mission without reconciling with him. The shard of the comet that Kakeru collected attaches itself to his life force, and begins slowly stealing his life-force energy, causing him to become very ill. Princess Snow Kaguya later takes the shard, but because it is linked to his life-force, he is brought even closer to death when Snow Kaguya throws the shard into the Pacific Ocean and creates an enormous ice crystal that will continue to draw away Kakeru's life force energy until he dies. She and her Snow Dancers then begin to freeze the Earth. The Sailor Soldiers attempt to stop her, but none of their attacks seem to work, as every time they destroy the Snow Dancers, Kaguya keeps reviving them using the crystal. Just before Snow Kaguya could finish the soldiers off, Sailor Moon tries to stop her and uses the Holy Grail/Purity Chalice to transform into Super Sailor Moon. She uses her Rainbow Moon Heartache, attack but is easily overpowered by greatly enhanced Kaguya's strength and power. Determined to protect the Earth, Super Sailor Moon prepares to activate the Imperium Silver Crystal's immense energy and power. All of the eight Sailor Soldiers along with Sailor Mini Moon, combine their Sailor powers and abilities all at once to activate the Legendary Silver Crystal's immense power, which destroys Princess Snow Kaguya, her Snow Dancers, the ice crystal in the ocean, and her comet once again. When the nine Sailor Scouts defeat Princess Snow Kaguya, Sailor Moon wishes for Luna to become Princess Kaguya. Kakeru, worried about Himeko's safety, had been wandering in the snowstorm and is saved by Luna at the exact point Kakeru saved her, transformed into a beautiful human woman. She takes him near the moon, where Himeko, on her space mission, witnesses the odd phenomenon. Luna tells him that he needs to stop focusing on his work so much and to pay more attention to Himeko. She shares a sad loving kiss with him, then they return to normal. Kakeru takes up Luna's advice and meets Himeko, who now believes in Kaguya, at the airport. Artemis then comforts Luna and they reconcile.{{cite web}}"] ['The Five Star Stories takes its name from the Joker Star Cluster where the stories take place. The star cluster is made up of four stars: Eastern, Western, Southern and Northern. The "fifth star" is a large comet named Stant that passes through that sector of space every 1,500 years pulling with it its own collection of orbiting planets. (Note that the term "Star Cluster" is somewhat inappropriate, considering that even the smallest real life clusters typically contain several hundred stars, although it may simply be that the "Five Stars" are the only ones out of a larger cluster that have planets. The Joker area is also frequently referred to as a galaxy, or even a constellation, although these descriptions are even less appropriate, constellations only being visible as such when observed from a distance. It is much more likely that Nagano Mamoru is simply unconcerned or unknowing of the minutiae of astrophysics. In the distant past the Farus Di Kanon Empire, now commonly known as the "Super Empire", controlled all 4 solar systems of the Joker Cluster. They enjoyed a level of technology much higher than is currently known and sent explorers to the far reaches of the Joker Galaxy. Around the year 9000 AD  the empire collapsed due to internal strife. The explorers were called home and what remained of civilization focused mainly on survival. Much technology and knowledge was lost by the time the imperial families of Amaterasu, Fillmore and Hathuha gathered and established the JC era. JC stands for "Joker Calendar" and was meant to give a common frame of reference to all nations to help foster a lasting peace. The JC calendar was adopted but the dream of peace was never realized. The first story of The Five Star Stories begins in JC 2988. At this time interstellar travel is common and genetically engineered "fatimas" are well established as necessary co-pilots of the fearsome mortar headds that dominate the battlefields. Warfare between nations is commonplace and few still hope for peace. Mortar headds are the combat mainstays of the Joker Universe. They are mecha which require superhuman reflexes and skill to control, and are therefore only utilized by headdliners with Fatima copilots. Fatimas are humanoid creatures genetically engineered for a life of service on the battlefield. Fatimas are necessary copilots for mortar headds and mentally merge with the computer systems of these devastating machines to control weapons, communications and other vital processes. As such, Fatimas are designed to have computational skills rivaling any computer.'] ["This three part yaoi story spans the war torn era when the Japanese turned from a Shogunate to Imperial rule and entered trade with the rest of the world . While the story unfolds historical dates and important figures are given while the characters give even more bits and pieces of this period during dialog. Episode One: Edo Love Song starts in 1862, second year of the Bunkyuu Era, in Shinagawa Gotenyama during the Expulsion of Foreigners movement started by the Chōshū  clan of which Kusaka Touma is a member. Kusaka differs from his clan believing in peace and opening Japan up to foreigners where it can do trade and stand with equal footing on the world stage, the Open the Country movement. While trying to stop other Chōshū clan members from setting fire to the British Embassy, Kusaka is confronted by a Bakufu  samurai who helps he and a comrade, Aizawa, escape from the authorities. Years later, while trying to find a school that will teach him English despite his clan's political stance, Kusaka once again meets the samurai who had saved his life. No longer in the employ of his Town Magistrate father, Akizuki Keiichirou goes to English school. Recognizing each other, Akizuki eventually offers to teach Kusaka English. Having been raised in an upper class home, Akizuki takes pleasure in learning more about the common class lifestyle that Kusaka has always led while they learn English in secret as their clans cannot see them together without creating conflict. Despite their precautions, one of the Chōshū sees them and Kusaka has to stop meeting with Akizuki. Episode Two: Record of Ezo War starts with Kusaka thinking about cutting ties with his clan when the Head Administrator, Sufu Masanosuke, offers to send him to London to learn about the West. Before leaving, Kusaka meets with Akizuki one last time and tells him his feelings. Both Kusaka and Akizuki consummate their newly discovered relationship. While Kusaka is in England, Akizuki gains the leadership of his clan and its immediate association with the Shogun. After four years, Kusaka returns to Japan and receives a high ranking post in the Imperial army. It is during this time that Japan is in the midst of the greatest civil war Japan has known, the Boshin War, with Kusaka on the Satsuma-Chōshū  side and Akizuki on the Bakufu  side. During one of the last battles, Kusaka finds Akizuki about to commit seppuku after having lost a leg to cannon fire. Upon being seen by one of his comrades aiding Aikizuki, Kusaka kills him, leaving his lover in some form of shock. Episode Three: Tokyo Tragedy starts four years later with Kusaka working for the new government, wearing Western style clothes and living in a Western style home. In a private Japanese cottage behind the house, he keeps Akizuki in secret. Relations between the two lovers have broken down as Akizuki cannot stand being kept in hiding in comfort while his fellow Bakufu comrades suffer in prison, and wants to kill himself. Eventually Aizawa, now an officer of the new law, discovers their relationship. He confronts Akizuki, leaving him with a tantō . A while later, it seems things between Kusaka and Akizuki are being patched up; yet a small group of police going through Kusaka's home, led by Aizawa, interrupts one of their moments. Kusaka runs back to the house, engages in a brief argument with his former comrade, and returns to the cottage only to find Akizuki missing and a suicide note on the futon pillow. Akizuki pulls himself along the snow-covered ground, Aizawa's tantō in hand, stopping in front of a tree split into four trunks. After a brief reminiscing, he kills himself; Kusaka finds him a short while later. Opening the pouch around Akizuki's neck, he realizes that Akizuki was carrying around the shell of the cicada they saw about eight years earlier. Kusaka takes the tantō from Akizuki's hand and commits suicide as well."] ['An alien artifact, identified as a possible "second Marker", is discovered on the planet Aegis VII. The Church of Unitology uses its influence to send the mining ship USG Ishimura to retrieve this holy relic. While the ship approaches, they receive radio reports of an outbreak of violent behaviour among the colonists. The Marker is brought aboard by order of Captain Mathius . Head of Security Alissa Vincent  asks to investigate the colony, but Mathius believes that nothing is amiss. While the Ishimura extracts a chunk of the planet to mine, a man in the ship\'s sickbay struggles against his restraints and resists sedation, begging to be killed. Meanwhile, two miners on Aegis VII check an outpost that has gone silent. One man vanishes during a blackout, while the other, Colin Barrow, sees his wife Jen  commit suicide before his eyes. Barrow takes her body and flees the facility in a shuttle, unaware of an alien presence attaching itself to the corpse. The Ishimura re-establishes links with the colony, receiving evidence of a bloody massacre and warnings of killers. The Captain refuses to radio for help, as he would face a court martial for entering a restricted system - He instead orders that the planet be quarantined. Before he can be shut out, Barrow\'s shuttle crashes into the Ishimuras hangar, just as he is killed by his mutated wife. The security team is dispatched to arrest and quarantine, but they find nothing aboard the small ship. The man in sickbay awakens to discover alien creatures mutating the corpses in the morgue, which then kill him. Tensions flare as Unitologist crewmembers demand to see the Marker; they are quickly calmed and dispersed by engineer Samuel Irons , a Unitologist himself. The security team fight the infestation as it spreads through the ship, with Irons joining them after meeting in the canteen. Dr. Terrence Kyne  tells Mathius that the Marker is responsible for the colonists going insane and must not be taken to Earth, but the now deranged Captain claims persecution and mutiny. Mathius is accidentally killed by Kyne, who flees the bridge. The ship itself turns against the crew when the escape pods are inexplicably launched empty and their communications systems destroyed, leaving any chance of rescue non-existent. On the way to the bridge, Vincent\'s teammate Hanson ([[Phil Morris  goes insane and kills teammate Shen , then is in turn killed by Ramirez . Vincent, Irons, and Ramirez return to the bridge where they learn that the ship is almost entirely overrun; they then discover that Kyne is sabotaging the ship\'s engines, to scuttle the ship on the planet below. On their way to confront Kyne, the team finds survivors  trapped by Necromorphs. Irons buys time for Vincent and Ramirez to extract the scared crew members by using himself as bait, and is eventually killed. Ramirez then sacrifices himself getting Vincent into the control room - She confronts Kyne, who claims that his actions are necessary to stop the alien outbreak leaving the system. Vincent fails to restore the engines, and Kyne escapes with her weapon. Vincent finds herself surrounded by Necromorphs, but learns that the creatures cannot come into close proximity with the artifact, which kept them imprisoned on Aegis VII. Spurred on by a vision of Ramirez\'s ghost, Vincent leaves a video log that details the entire sequence of events, adding that the Marker and the Ishimura must be destroyed. She uploads the video log to a distress beacon, opens the airlock and launches the beacon from the downed shuttle. Vincent and the Necromorphs are sucked out into space. Vincent\'s body drifts in space as the song Twinkle Twinkle Little Star plays. The story ends as the USG Kellion arrives and prepares to dock on the Ishimura - the beginning of Dead Space.'] ["The film opens with Ai, a young girl, moving into the Animal Village during the summer. After being put to work by Tom Nook to deliver goods, Ai befriends four of the village's residents, Rosie, Margie, Alfonso, and Yū, participating in several activities. Ai begins to find a series of anonymous messages in bottles that state that a miracle will occur during the upcoming Winter Festival if pine trees are planted in specific points of the village. Ai complies with the messages and begins planting the trees, half-believing that the messages may have been placed by aliens. During autumn, Rosie scolds Ai for not attending Margie's farewell party, which comes as a big surprise. Ai becomes heartbroken, learning that Margie has moved away to embark on a career in fashion design. Margie sends a letter of apology to Ai, explaining that a goodbye would have been too upsetting, and encourages her to embark on her own personal journey. Rosie apologizes to Ai for her harsh reaction. Winter comes, and all the pine trees that Ai has planted have fully grown and are decorated with Christmas lights. A spaceship crash-lands in the middle of the forest, and Gulliver, a seagull, emerges. Gulliver, who had planted the bottles in order to make an entrance dressed as an alien, asks the villagers to help locate some of the pieces that broke off his ship during the descent. Ai, Rosie, Yū, and Alfonso head towards a cave, where Yū claims to have seen one of the pieces fall. Margie appears and helps unseal the cave. The five retrieve the missing piece and return to Gulliver, who they discover had already obtained them all. The missing piece turns out to be an injured UFO, one of a larger group that was attracted to the village due to the pattern formed by Ai's lit-up pine trees. The injured UFO reunites with its group, and as they depart, create a constellation in the night sky resembling Ai. Ai then wins the Winter Festival contest for the best decoration, leaving her feeling for the first time as a true member of the village."] ['{{Anchor}}New Cutie Honey is set one hundred years after the events of the original 1973 Cutie Honey television series,|Raito shichō|voiced by Sho Hayami in its original Japanese and Jason Douglas in its English dub}} vows to rein in a citywide crime wave and restore peace. However, a self-proclaimed "Lord of Darkness"||v.b. Yūsaku Yara and Bryan Bounds}}, feared even by other criminals there, seeks to derail his efforts in the first four episodes. A large freelance gang of armored, axe-wielding mutant motorcyclists, joined by two of Dolmeck\'s allies—{{nihongo}}, a returning character from the 1973 Cutie Honey series. He is now both a 150-year-old|Hayami Chokkei|v.b. Rica Matsumoto and David Nance}}, who has a crush on Honey and wishes to become like Mayor Light; and Chokkei\'s parents, who themselves attempted to rob a city bank in the first episode. Chokkei\'s mother {{nihongo|Daiko|早見 大子 His father {{nihongo|Akakabu|早見 赤カブ<ref nameThree animated characters—a girl with dark red hair in a tall black humanoid robot\'s domed cockpit, a tall armored blue-haired man, and a purple-haired man with robotic spider legs on his back and a box in his hands—stand side-by-side.|Black Maiden, Dolmeck, and Peeping Spider]] Honey remembers that the minion she defeated injected liquid from a "capsule" to transform into a monster. She fights other capsule users, then seeks the capsules\' source. After she defeats a female capsule distributor, Peeping Spider learns and reveals Honey\'s true robot form. He kidnaps Chokkei and sends him to Dolmeck\'s airship, and Honey and the rest of the Hayamis fly there to rescue him; they fight Peeping Spider, defeat Black Maiden, and attack a large structure in the ship along the way. Maiden then reveals herself to be Panther Zora  reborn; Honey wounds Dolmeck, and his body releases the fallen evil souls of all the countless villains Honey has killed. Zora then absorbs them, evolving her body into that of a fully adult woman. Honey tries to re-seal Dolmeck\'s body, while Danbei destroys the airship. After the entire Hayami family escapes the ship with Danbei\'s jet pack, Honey emerges alive from within a falling rock. The next four episodes are set an unspecified time after the battle with Dolmeck. Chokkei has grown older and fond of Honey, and the Hayamis remain with her to fight off antagonists who transform and gain their power through direct influence by Zora. Mayor Light rarely appears in this half of the series. A girl named {{nihongo|Natsuko|夏子 to his annoyance. Her presence reminds Honey of an old friend of the same name who died in the original versions of Cutie Honey. In the seventh, Daiko—now a leader of a "United Thug Alliance" of gangs—goes with Honey and the Hayamis to rescue fellow thugs imprisoned by an army of "Thug Hunters", and reveals she fell in love with Akakabu for his persistence in an earlier fight with her. Peeping Spider returns in the eighth, last episode; there, Honey and her friends capture him and use his technologies to defeat a teleporting gold thief.'] ['The movie begins with Goku fighting in another Other World Tournament against Pikkon. At the same time, a teenage "psyche ogre" that is attending the evil-purification machine in Other World is distracted with his heavy metal music. He doesn\'t pay attention and one of the tanks on the machine gets full and breaks, releasing all of the collected evil energy at once; he is covered by the evil and transformed. As a result, the barrier keeping the dead confined in Other World is destroyed, and many of the dead souls are now wreaking havoc on Earth. This includes previous villains from the Dragon Ball Z series and movies, and also some real life ones like Hitler , and Gohan and Videl are called on to help. Bulma and the others gather the Dragonballs, and summon Shenron. They wish for all the undead souls to be returned to the Other World, but Shenron informs them that while he can send them back, there is nothing stopping them from returning, and that something is wrong in the Other World and only King Yemma can resolve the problem. The Grand Kai sends Goku and Pikkon to see King Yemma. When they arrive, they find that the Other World has been changed, filled with colorful jelly bean-like objects which encase structures and people. King Yemma has been imprisoned within one of these objects. Goku and Pikkon attempt to break the barrier, but it absorbs any energy thrown at it. King Yemma informs them that a monster created by the evil spiritual energy is atop the check-in station. Goku begins fighting the monster while Pikkon attempts to destroy the barrier. The monster named Janemba has a childlike mentality and possesses strange powers that allow him to defy reality , and even as a Super Saiyan, Goku is losing. He then powers up to Super Saiyan 3 and swiftly dominates Janemba. Though seemingly defeated, Janemba reduces into a smaller, more powerful form. On Earth, Mr. Satan  is winning over the zombies. Frieza and his henchmen arrive shortly after Gohan and Videl get rid of a large group of zombies. Frieza begins to taunt Gohan. Gohan defeats him with one punch and all the other villains flee. Back in the Other World, Pikkon discovers that cursing at the jelly bean prison causes it to crack. Meanwhile, Janemba creates a sword from a spiked mallet, and easily gains the upper hand against Goku, eventually launching him into the Blood Pond and trapping him within. Janemba then slices the Pond down piece by piece until he traps Goku within a tiny portion. Just as Janemba is about to deal the final slash, Vegeta dashes in and helps Goku; due to the imbalances caused by Janemba, Vegeta has regained his physical form. He starts to fight Janemba in his Super Saiyan form, but is no match for him. Goku breaks out of Blood Pond in time to catch Vegeta from being flung into the Mountain of Spikes. Both Goku and Vegeta take cover in the cage of spikes. Goku knows they cannot win as separate entities, so he suggests using the fusion technique. Vegeta becomes skeptical, first off complaining that the pose for the Fusion Dance is embarrassing, and furthermore telling Goku he would rather die than to fuse with a low class Saiyan. Goku calmly reminds Vegeta he is already dead. Janemba launches a neeedle blast that destroys the Mountain of Spikes; Goku and Vegeta barely avoid the blast. Goku persuades Vegeta to try the Fusion Dance. Vegeta, however, fails to extend his forefinger at the last second, and Veku is created. This fat fighter is weak and can do little but fart . Just as Janemba attacks, the Fusion runs out and Goku and Vegeta escape. Vegeta curses Goku, saying Fusion is useless, but King Kai informs them that Vegeta did not extend his forefinger. Pikkon arrives after giving up on the ice-like shield, and begins to fight Janemba to give Goku and Vegeta time to perform the Fusion Dance. Pikkon figures out that Janemba is made of the same material as the shield, and curses at him. It works, and part of Janemba\'s body disintigrates. However, Janemba is able to incapacitate Pikkon, but those few moments allow Goku and Vegeta to successfully perform the Fusion Dance, forming Gogeta. Meanwhile at Earth, Goten and Trunks feel their father\'s fuse so they decide to fuse forming Gotenks. Gogeta is a formidable warrior; he quickly defeats Janemba with his ultimate attack, the Soul Punisher. The teenage demon returns. Scared by the appearance of Gogeta, he runs away. Other World is returned to normal and King Yemma is freed. All of the souls are returned to the Other World. Goku and Vegeta bid each other a good-natured farewell as Vegeta disappears again. On Earth, Gohan, Goten, Videl and Trunks are returning home. Goten and Trunks joke about Gohan and Videl kissing back in town, and are chased home by a cross Gohan in every version of the movie. Meanwhile, Shenron remains summoned, and asks if anyone still wants to use the wishes.'] ['Kim Nam-woo struggles through life as people around him constantly leave him; his best friend, Jun-ho, is going to study in Seoul and in some ways his widowed mother is "leaving" him too by paying more attention to her new boyfriend. To escape, he goes to a dream world, where he meets a girl named Mari. The story follows Nam-woo in discovering himself and maturing.'] ['A small, lone Kappa miraculously survives over 200 years into modern day Tokyo, Japan when he is found by young Koichi. "Coo" who is secretly adopted by the whole family, faces a tragic past and the present\'s challenge of living in a dramatically changed environment, searches with his new human friend for places not invaded by people hoping to find any remaining of his kind. When this intelligent "water sprite" draws the popular attention of the whole city upon being discovered and then confronted with his past, it forces him to take action and make an ultimate decision, in order to preserve his kind, inner peace and well being in today\'s harsh world.'] ['In the farside base on one of Neptune\'s moons, Triton, company soldiers set up their defense perimeter, preparing for an attack from an unstoppable cyborg warrior. The officer and building commander seals the room. During a routine transmission the outside tank patrol is attacked and destroyed. Almost immediately after the chopper patrol is attacked and crashes into the base, allowing the cyborg into the sealed room. The soldiers are no match for the cyborg and are killed one by one. At the last second Nabel deactivates the warrior with a remote control. They find out the cyborg warrior was created by their boss, E. J. Saggs and Nabel. After Saggs finds out about the remote, he has Nabel killed by one of the cyborgs. Keller, the trucker boss, is killed during a brawl on the space station. Truckers John, Cindy and Mike take a job delivering "Sex dolls" to Earth. They are aware that the cargo are not really sex dolls, but this is the only way they can get off of the station. John decides to go through the pirate controlled scum-zone; the truck is damaged and they are captured by the pirates. Cindy agrees to have sex with the pirate captain if he will take only their cargo and let them go. The Captain reveals himself to be Nabel, who survived Sagg\'s attempt on his life, but only as a badly built cyborg. One of the cyborgs breaks out of the containers and kills the pirates, giving Cindy a chance to escape and free John and Mike. They take off to Earth, but the wounded Nabel is on board with them. He tells John and Mike the truth about their cargo - when they get to Earth a large number of cyborgs will be set loose, effectively killing the entire population. John tells Cindy and Mike to take the escape pod and he will release the cargo in the atmosphere so it will burn up on reentry. He does so but his truck is destroyed too. Cindy and Mike decide to marry, and see Cindy\'s mother, who is surprisingly young and attractive. She became ill 20 years ago and was frozen until a cure was found. John is smitten with her. Within a few days Saggs has been elected World President. He visits the trio in the hospital and offers John a new truck and a suitcase full of money if the group will keep quiet about his cyborg plan. John agrees, but Mike is angry and throws the suitcase out of the window just as Saggs is getting in his limo. Saggs has planted a bomb in the case and pushes the detonator button just as it lands on the limo\'s roof, killing him. With Saggs dead and Earth safe, Mike, Cindy, John and Cindy\'s mother blast off in the brand new truck that Saggs gave them.'] ["The live-action film is an adaptation of the first 1/3rd of the original novel or the first four volumes . The movie begins in 1912 with Yasumasa Hirai demonstrating to Baron Eiichi Shibusawa the presence of powerful spirits beneath Tokyo. He specifically warns Shibusawa that the onryo Taira no Masakado must not be disturbed, as its spirit is powerful enough to destroy the city. In response to this heeding, Shibusawa allows the Tsuchimikado Family to advise him on how to make a Tokyo a blessed city. However, both Hirai's and Shibusawa's efforts are opposed by the majin Yasunori Kato who wants to destroy Tokyo by awakening Masakado's spirit. To do this, he attempts to kidnap Yukari Tatsumiya, the descendant of Masakado, to use as a medium to communicate with the spirit. However, his plans are brought to attention to the Tsuchimikado Family by Koda Rohan. Hirai and his followers lock Yukari inside the Tsuchimikado temple and defend her with onmyodo magic. Kato and his followers launch a frontal assault against the temple with shikigami. Kato escapes with Yukari and uses her as a medium, but Masakado rejects his offer. Ogai Mori diagnoses Yukari as pregnant with Kato's child. Emperor Meiji passes away, marking the end of the Meiji Era. Feeling that his time is over, Hirai commits seppuku to divine the year of Tokyo's destruction; which turns out to be the Year of the Boar. The setting moves to 1923. Kato retreats to Dalian, China and he and his followers use magic to cause artificial earthquake waves that are amplified to Japan. Kato returns to Tokyo to awaken Masakado's spirit by himself, but is interrupted by Koda Rohan and Junichi Narutaki, who use Kimon Tonkou magic against him. Kato fails to awaken Masakado, but manages to stimulate the Great Kanto Earthquake. The setting moves to 1927. Torahiko Terada has been appointed by Noritsugu Hayakawa as manager of the construction of Japan's first Tokyo Metro Ginza Line. Hayakawa's construction workers run into Kato's shikigami provoking Terada to seek out the aid of Dr. Makoto Nishimura to use his creation Gakutensoku to finish construction for them. Masakado summons Keiko Mekata, a miko, to defend his grave from Kato. Keiko joins forces with feng shui master Shigemaru Kuroda, who discovers the location of Kato's hideout. While Kuroda fights a large living statue which guards the place, Keiko rushes to stop Kato, but Kato summons his gohō dōji to fend her off. Kato attempts to awaken Masakado through Yukari's child, Yukiko, but even this is unsuccessful. Keiko explains to Kato that Yukiko is not his child, but rather the result of an incestuous union between Yukari and her brother Yoichiro making her uncontrollable by Kato. Gakutensoku self destructs, cutting off the spiritual energy veins connected to Kato's temple. Kato tries to use onmyodo magic one last time to stimulate an earthquake, but this is insufficient and he is severely wounded from the effort. Though his plans are foiled, Kato kidnaps Keiko and takes her with him to Manchuria. The film ends with the Tatsumiya Family hoping for Keiko's return, and Kyoka Izumi predicting Kato's return."] ["Seven years ago, Lopplc and Morina were playing at a park. Suddenly they felt an earthquake on the Koya Koya Planet. The quake was so massive that the planet was destroyed. Everyone had to escape using a giant ship. A sudden bolt of lightning damaged the ship, causing a power failure. The Professor  wanted to fix the spaceship, but another lightning strike killed him. Meanwhile Nobita's friends get him to retrieve a ball from a group of tough baseball players. But they chase him and drop him down a manhole. Two alternate universe creatures, Lopplc and Chammy, are escaping from an enemy ship. While Nobita is sleeping, he suddenly feels the floor is trembling, like an earthquake. A little rabbit from the alternate universe named Chammy opens the door between the dimensions using a hammer. Nobita wakes up and Doraemon hears somebody steal food from the fridge. Chammy is caught by Doraemon and Nobita. She shows them the passageway through Nobita's floor into the spaceship. After they enter the spaceship, they see Koya Koya Planet, and meet Lopplc ."] ['Enslaved by an army of rebellious super robots originally designed to help civilization avert a complete ecological cataclysm, mankind\'s only hope is Casshan, a legendary hero who wages a solitary war to defeat the NEOROIDS and restore the Earth to its rightful order. Ironically, Casshan\'s father is the same scientist who engineered the race of super androids now threatening to destroy all of mankind. On a crusade to clear the name of his father, Casshan must sacrifice his own humanity in order to attain the powers he needs to defeat mankind\'s powerful enemies. However, Casshan\'s power does not come without a price. Haunted by the memories of his murdered mother and forced to deal with a super robot that has absorbed and now manipulates the consciousness of his father, Casshan must put aside his own emotions and fight to preserve the survival of the human race.<ref name"wikitable" style"width: 4%;" | # ! Title ! style 1 | EnglishTitle  Return From The Myth | KanjiTitle  August 21, 1993<ref namehttp://www.tatsunoko.co.jp/works/archive/ova_casharn.html |title2009-05-24 |work |dateJapanese }} | ShortSummary  2 | EnglishTitle  Journey to the Past | KanjiTitle  October 21, 1993<ref name Following the victory at Castle Promise, Casshan and Friender take their leave while Luna embarks on an escort to meet with Admiral Rudolph, the leader of the human forces,to give him the specs for her father\'s MF pistol which might be able to turn the war in the human favor. However, their helicopter is hit and crashes and their discovered by a robot scout team. The pilot forces Luna to leave while he blows himself up with the robots. Luna is able to escape and meets back up with Casshan and Friender. Casshan reveals he struggling with his lack of humanity while also suffering physical weakness from his battles. The trio is attacked by a robot army and Casshan tells Luna to flee while he defeats the robots but Luna is unable to leave Casshan ans jumps from the helicopter as he catches her. }} {{Japanese episode list}} |}'] ["Wandering sorceresses Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent get involved in a war between Lord Calvert and his daughter, Marlene. Lina sides with Calvert, while Naga joins Marlene's side in a battle over her allowance money."] ["A few years prior, the tyrant Frieza destroyed the Planet Namek during his battle with the newly transformed Super Saiyan Goku. The peaceful Namekians found themselves without a home for months. Eventually they had a new planet created for them with the help of the Dragon Balls. For three years or so they lived in peace on their new planet. One day however, a strange metal planet began to absorb New Namek. The silver planet wrapped around New Namek, absorbing its energy. Dende, who is now the Earth's guardian, senses the plight of his people and calls Goku to ask for help. Goku, Gohan, Krillin, Piccolo, Oolong, Yajirobe and Master Roshi arrive and encounter an army of strange, large, silent robots. They soon learn, to their horror, that the mastermind behind the invasion is Cooler, Frieza's older brother, who Goku was thought to have killed a few years earlier and who now plans to use the Namekians as biological fuel for his ship, the Big Gete Star. Goku fights Cooler alone, while the other Z-Fighters battle Cooler's robots. At first the Z-Warriors have trouble penetrating the robots' armor, but Piccolo instructs them to concentrate their energy to one point, and doing so allows them to destroy a few of the robots. However, there are far too many to handle and all the warriors, except Piccolo, are captured along with a village of Namekians. Piccolo is left behind, and destroys all the robots. He then makes his way to rescue those who were captured. Elsewhere, it becomes apparent that Goku is no match for Cooler's new metallic form which gives him the ability to regenerate himself. Cooler also reveals his ability to use the Instantaneous Movement technique, which Goku also uses. Goku continues to struggle even after becoming a Super Saiyan. Cooler reveals that the Big Gete Star constantly monitors his body, and fixes any flaws that may occur, in this case Cooler's arm being torn off by Goku. Just before Goku is choked to death by Cooler, Vegeta, who had arrived in a separate pod, shows up just in time to help Goku. The two Super Saiyans attack Cooler and they soon are able to kill him. However, the Big Gete Star once again corrects a flaw in Cooler's design, in this case, giving Cooler a thousand bodies rather than just one. Outnumbered and exhausted, Goku and Vegeta are captured and transported to the Big Gete Star's core to be used as energy. As Cooler is leeching their Saiyan strength via strange wires, he snidely explains his manner of survival: not long after his defeat at Goku's hands, a nearby computer chip floated among a debris of spacecraft until it gained sentience and absorbed everything in its proximity and formed a spaceship, and at one point, Cooler's remains, including pieces of his brain, were fused with the main computer and Cooler subsequently took control, effectively meaning that Cooler is the Big Gete Star. Goku and Vegeta regain consciousness and release all their Super Saiyan energy to the wires, overloading the system. They then come face to face with the Big Gete Star's core, the true Cooler. Cooler attempts to crush Goku, but his hand is severed by Vegeta, giving Goku enough time to blast him with the last of his energy, causing his ultimate demise. Meanwhile, Piccolo arrives in the Big Gete Star, and meets up with a clone of Cooler, which explodes. Eventually, all the other clones of Cooler and every other robot in the Big Gete Star explode. Piccolo and the rest escape before the Big Gete Star leaves New Namek's orbit and explodes. Goku and Vegeta fall from the sky near the rest of the Z-Fighters, and everyone rejoices. Vegeta is nowhere to be found, but Goku still compliments his role in defeating Cooler. Vegeta is shown in his spacepod holding the computer chip that created the Big Gete Star. He then crushes it, ensuring that it will never create another monstrosity like the Big Gete Star ever again."] ["The story concerns a homeless boy named Ricky, or Ted in the Japanese version. After seeing a movie about Gulliver he meets Professor Gulliver himself in a forest. Gulliver is now an elderly, space-traveling scientist. With Dr. Gulliver's assistant Sylvester the crow , and Ricky's companions, a talking dog and a toy soldier, they travel the Milky Way to the Planet of Blue Hope, which has been taken over by the Queen of Purple Planet and her evil group of robots. Armed with water-pistols and water balloons, which melt the villains, Ricky and Gulliver restore Blue Hope to its doll-like owners. Then the boy wakes up."] ['Shortly after entering high school, Konoha Inoue  is recruited into the literature club by Tohko Amano , the president and sole member of the club, after he witnesses her ripping out a page of a book and eating it. Instead of eating actual food, Tohko can only eat stories by consuming the paper they are printed on. Konoha spends his days after school writing short stories for Tohko as "snacks". Tohko had previously set up a birdhouse on the school grounds so anyone could ask the literature club to help them in matters of love by submitting letters. Tohko and Konoha find a piece of paper in the birdhouse one day, but there is only a childish illustration on it. Tohko recognizes the drawing to be from the original manuscript of Kenji Miyazawa\'s poem "Songs of a Defeated Young Man". When Tohko finds the same image in the birdhouse five days in a row, they decide to stake out the scene at night, and they find Chia Takeda , a friend of Konoha\'s classmate Nanase Kotobuki . She tells Konoha that the pictures are from Miu Asakura . After New Years, Konoha goes to see Nanase in the hospital, who had fallen down the stairs. There, he finds Nanase confronting Miu, who had previously attempted to kill herself when she and Konoha were in junior high school. This was due in part to Konoha winning a new author\'s contest with his novel Similar to the Sky, which he wrote under the pen name Miu Inoue. Miu had wanted to enter and win, though in the end she only sent in blank sheets to make Konoha believe she had participated. Miu eventually tells Konoha that she hates him. Later, she escapes from the hospital, and Konoha goes to find her at the roof of their junior high school, where she had tried to kill herself. After explaining her reasons for doing so, Konoha agrees to jump from the roof with her. Just as they are about to fall, Tohko arrives and Konoha manages to prevent Miu from jumping. However, back on street level, Miu jumps in front of a truck and gets hit. Afterward, Miu seemingly believes to be a fourth grader and has lost most mobility in her arms and legs, but Nanase interferes, which makes Miu give up the ruse. Tohko takes them to a planetarium and draws parallels between Konoha and Miu and the main characters in Similar to the Sky. Miu had always wanted to make people happy because her parents were always fighting as she grew up. Konoha tells Miu that he wrote the novel to tell her how much he loved her. Realizing that someone had loved her, Miu apologizes for everything she did to Konoha. When he realizes Tohko has disappeared, Konoha races to the train station and finds her there. She tells him that she got accepted to the university in Hokkaidō and that she can no longer eat his stories anymore. On the train, Tohko explains that she wants him to become everyone\'s author instead of keeping him all to herself. After Konoha departs the train, they have a final goodbye kiss and Tohko departs on the train. Years later, Konoha has put out his second novel titled Book Girl, and an editor comes to his house to read his newest work before it gets released. It remains unclear whether the editor is Tohko or not.'] ['We Are the Strange focuses on "two diametrically opposed outcasts" as they "fight for survival in a sinister fantasy world." These two outcasts are an abused woman named Blue who has a mysterious degenerative disease and a living doll named eMMM. The two meet in the Forest of Still Life, where Blue follows eMMM to Stopmo City on a search for his ideal ice cream parlor. Upon arriving in Stopmo City, they are caught in the middle of a fierce battle between bizarre monsters, making their progress difficult. Thankfully, a hero named Rain appears and easily destroys every monster that faces him. Blue meets Rain before he partakes in an "impossible battle against the source of all that is evil in Stopmo City." During the battle, Rain, along with Ori are crushed by Him after Rain states he wants to avenge his son. When the outlook seems grim, a fist made of aluminum foil breaks through the ground and starts the final showdown between good and evil. Six alternate soundtracks and author\'s commentary, including soundtrack by Noise Inc. are available on the DVD. The music used in We Are the Strange Trailer has been made by chiptune artist YERZMYEY/AY-RIDERS  using ZX Spectrum computer.'] ['The plot revolves around Agumon, Gaomon and Lalamon, whose partners are put into an eternal sleep, along with the rest of the humans, because of a mysterious thorn that spread throughout the city. After saving Rhythm, a Digimon in the form of a young girl, they learn from her that the thorns are the work of an Ultimate Digimon, named Argomon, and the four set out for his castle to confront him.'] ["In a port town pub, the once again flat broke Straw Hats witness a suspicious exchange between a customer and the proprietor. Nami immediately senses money and endeavors to convince the host to give her whatever information he had given him. The other Straw Hats join in and soon he is persuaded. He shows them to a backdoor, behind which they find a long and winding tunnel. That tunnel leads to a large underground chamber, where a number of pirate crews have a gathering. The island they are on, turns out to be the starting point of an irregularly occurring, anything-goes sailing competition. For a moment, the Straw Hats weigh whether it is wise to join in the race, considering that two giants and a crew of fish-men, who were once the rivals of Arlong's gang, were participating as well. But once they learn the height of the price money, not entering is out of the question. From the bookmaker they receive an eternal pose, to lead them to the goal of the race. Free food is available at the bottom of the chamber and Luffy makes extensive use of it. His eating habit of stealing other people's food quickly angers the bounty hunter Shuraiya Bascùd, as well as a group of men from General Gasparde's crew. Gasparde is a deserted marine, with a bounty more than three times as high as Luffy's and said to be the race's favorite. A fight arises, and after Luffy and Shuraiya beat up his men, they find themselves standing before the general himself. He is impressed with their skill and offers both of them to work under him. Of course they refuse, but Luffy finds some insulting words to do it and is caught off guard by Gasparde's right hand man, Needles. Luffy's courage impresses Gasparde even more. He renews his offer, orders Needles to let go of the rookie pirate, and leaves the room. The next morning, a strong ocean current starts the race, by pushing the ships upstream over the island. As soon as they are over the top, the various crews start shooting broadsides, board each others' ships, and ram their competitors out of the water. But once the island is left behind, the field quickly clears up, leaving the Straw Hats time eat. While inspecting the ship, Zoro discovers a boy named Amaguma, who had stowed away to earn money by killing some pirate to buy medicine for his adoptive grandfather, who works as an engineer on Gasparde's partially steam powered ship. The race continues. After fighting yet another rival crew and an encounter with a group of large sea kings, they arrive at the island the eternal pose is pointing to. The eternal poses were all mislabeled and led the fleet of unsuspecting pirates into reach of the cannons of the navy stronghold Navarone. Luffy has no doubt to whose fault it is. They turn around and using Choppers fine nose, attempt to catch up with Gasparde's ship. Shuraiya, who had followed Gasparde's invitation to come along on his ship, turns against him to take revenge for Gasparde's killing his parents and sister. He fights Needles and throws him over board, but stands no chance against Gasparde's Logia-type powers, which allow him to turn parts or all of his body into liquid or solid candy. The general is about to kill the bounty hunter, when the Straw Hats arrive and catch his attention. Luffy confronts him and the two engage in a fierce but one-sided battle. Any attack Luffy throws at his opponent causes his limbs to get stuck in Gasparde's body. Only after Sanji gives two sacks of flour to Luffy, can he overcome the villain's ability. Anaguma turns out to be a girl and Shuraiya's thought-dead sister, Adele Bascùd. With all their competitors taken out, the Straw Hats are about to arrive at the goal of the race, when a fleet of navy ships appears and forces them to abandon their prize money."] ['{{Expand section}} Hitomi Kanzaki is plagued by sleepiness and experiences very unusual and strange dreams. She is depressed and wants nothing more than to disappear. After leaving her only friend, she is suddenly transported, while inside the Dragon Armour, to a new and mysterious world, Gaea. Once there she is declared the "Winged Goddess", but is confused and can\'t understand anything. After a while she discovers there is a battle for the Black Dragons dynasty between Prince Van and his brother Lord Folken. A battle in which she is called to play an important role.'] ['A young African-American boy  carries a sack to a river and laments that he has agreed to drown a cat. While the boy stares at the water, the cat slips out of the sack and fills it with bricks. When the boy says that he can\'t go through with the task, the hidden cat, pretending to be the boy\'s conscience, says, "Go ahead, Sambo, go ahead, boy," and reminds him that he has been paid "four bits" to do the job. Sambo reluctantly drops the bag in the river rather than return the money. The cat then disguises itself as its own ghost, painting itself white and donning wings and a halo, and proceeds to "haunt" Sambo by repeatedly sneaking up on him and whispering "boo." Sambo runs away, but the cat rattles a pair of dice, causing Sambo to fall into a trance and sleepwalk back to the cat. The hauntings continue until Sambo and the cat fall in a pond, washing off the cat\'s paint. When Sambo realizes that he has been tricked, he kills the cat with a shotgun blast. Immediately afterward, a line of nine ghost cats  marches toward Sambo, saying, "And this time, brother, us ain\'t kiddin\'."'] ['The film opens with a group of strangely colored humanoids emerging from tanks in a laboratory. The scientists responsible for these creations are congratulated by their employer, Mr. Jaguar, who plans to make these "Bio-Humans" into the strongest fighters on Earth. Despite warnings from his cousin, Men-Men, Jaguar laughs maniacally as Broly wags his furry tail in his tank. As Hercule  hasn\'t yet paid Android 18 the prize money she demanded for letting him beat her in the 25th World Martial Arts Tournament, she begins smashing Mr. Satan\'s mansion up, particularly his undeserved prizes from the tournament. Hercule, cowering, tries to tell 18 that he hasn\'t get the money yet, but she doesn\'t believe him, and continues to ransack his home. His screams of fright are heard by Goten, Trunks, Krillin, and Marron, who are waiting for 18. Hercule is visited by Men-Men, who claims to be the cousin of hercule\'s old martial arts rival, Jaguar. It seems that Jaguar is blackmailing Hercule into visiting his laboratory island to fight his bio-fighters. Hercule agrees, and departs with Men-Men, followed by Goten, Trunks and 18; 18 to ensure that Hercule does not cheat her again, and Goten and Trunks out of excitement over the Bio-Warriors. Upon arriving, Hercule is coldly greeted by Jaguar, who sets up a tournament for him to fight the bio-fighters, but when they demonstrate their incredible fighting abilities, they are more than which Hercule can handle, Goten, Trunks, and 18 intervene. Goten and Trunks are then confronted by a familiar face: The Priest from Natade Village whom they met in the previous movie. Enraged, Jaguar reveals his greatest weapon: a Super Bio-Fighter. But when Goten and Trunks see the Super Bio-Fighter, they recognize him as none other than the Legendary Super Saiyan himself, Broly. They confront the priest, who tells them that he sold Broly\'s frozen blood to Jaguar, and that the Super Bio-Fighter is Broly\'s clone. Goten and Trunks prepare to destroy Broly before he can be revived, but seeing Goten has already awakened Broly\'s Saiyan instincts and his vengeance against Goku. He breaks out of stasis, only to be drenched in the bio-liquid and turns into a horribly deformed, slime covered bio-mutant, giving him the name Bio-Broly. Jaguar commands Bio-Broly to attack Hercule, but 18 intervenes at the last minute, only to get pounded by the Bio-Saiyan. Just before Bio-Broly can kill Hercule, Trunks intervenes and save him in time. They then attack Bio-Broly head-on, and prove to be an equal match for the Bio-Saiyan, until Goten abandons the battle to save trapped scientists from the flooding of a dangerous bio-liquid which absorbs anything with a different genetic structure to its own and grows stronger. As Bio-Broly pounds Trunks around, 18 recovers and tries to stop him, but she too is beaten. Just before Bio-Broly can kill her, Krillin shows up in time and rescues 18, but Bio-Broly finds them both and almost kills them. Goten and Trunks then fight Bio-Broly again, but they get seriously pounded, and Bio-Broly almost kills Goten until Trunks devises a way to get rid of the menace. Trunks manages to lure Bio-Broly into a corner, where he blasts the bio-liquid tanks, causing them to shower on Bio-Broly and supposedly melt him. Unfortunately, this only makes the bio-liquid more powerful and his power rises, and it soon starts to flood the entire island, and possibly the whole planet. Goten, Trunks, Krillin and 18 manage to get as many people as they can out of the lab, including the reluctant Jaguar and Men-Men, who want to die shamefully along with their deadly creations, but Trunks rescues them anyway, and Hercule manages to escape by jumping into the water. To everyone\'s surprise, the bio-liquid seems to be solidifying by touching the sea water, so Goten, Trunks and Krillin use a triple Kamehameha Wave to blast the water by the island so high that the entire island is flooded with sea water, which solidifies all the bio-liquid. Unfortunately, the celebrations are cut short when Bio-Broly emerges from the sea as a giant. However, as fast as Bio-Broly emerges, he then turns to stone, due to having been drenched in sea water. Seeing their chance, Goten and Trunks blast the gigantic Bio-Broly statue into oblivion, ridding of Broly for good. Hercule emerges from the sea water, calling for help. Laughing, 18 says that she will help him if he promises to pay her 100,000,000 zeni. Fuming, Hercule swims off. In the Other World, Goku is informed that Broly  is causing trouble in Hell. Along with Pikkon, Goku is sent to stop Broly but instead he gives it a while longer as he continues to eat. The pictures shown in the ending credits include: * Baby Trunks with his parents and grandparents. * Baby Goten with Gohan, his mother and grandfather. * Toddler Goten riding on Gohan\'s back * Baby Trunks crying as Vegeta holds him. * Toddler Goten and Trunks crying as their mothers punish them for wetting the futons. * Goten training with Gohan. * Goten and Trunks fighting in the tournament.'] ["{{plot}} The abnormal gushing of aer has caused forests to wilt and aberrations in the behavior of the local monsters. After their first assignment to help in destroying a monster infestation near the town, Yuri, Flynn, Hisca, and Chastel meet the leader of the local guild, Melzome Kaid, after Yuri starts a bar fight with his guild members. Raven is one of the guild members. Yuri and Flynn, despite being childhood acquaintances, have a standoffish attitude against each other, with Flynn's stringent adherence to rules and regulation clashing against Yuri's free-spirited and just nature. Through flashbacks, it is revealed that Flynn's personality is attributed to his father, who was once a member of the Imperial Knights himself. During a battle to defend his hometown, Flynn's father disobeyed his given orders and continued to fight fervently to protect the town. Though his valiant efforts were successful, he perished as a result, leaving not even a body for Flynn and his mother to bury. In sharp contrast, Niren, the captain of the knights stationed in Shizontania, was once dedicated to following the letter of the rules and regulation of the knights. However, he attributes the death of his wife and daughter to this trait, saying that if he had defied orders he may have been able to protect them. Niren confides in Yuri that he has a great deal of respect for what Flynn's father did. The knights' efforts to repel the monsters around the area prove to be in vain, and their blastias start to malfunction due to the abnormal amount of aer. Niren decides to take steps to protect the town. Despite being called by Commandant Alexei to attend a formal gathering at the imperial capital of Zaphias, Niren sends Flynn in his stead to attend the gathering and to request aid in defending the town. Niren and Chastel leave in search of a 'strange blastia expert' named Rita Mordio. Yuri and Hisca are left to care for Lambert, Niren's personal hound, and Repede, Lambert's son. While Niren succeeds in finding Rita Mordio and obtaining a device with which to return the aer to normal, Yuri and Flynn's assignments end in disaster. Flynn is admonished by Commandant Alexei, and his request for reinforcements to hold Shizontonia are denied until the end of the gathering, as the town is viewed as out of the way and thus unimportant. Furthermore, Alexei orders Flynn to tell Niren to stay in the town and not take any actions until reinforcements arrive, but privately he gives his subordinate different orders related to the town. Afterward Flynn has a small chat with Estellise. Yuri and Hisca assist in defending the town against a strange monster made out of aer, and while they successfully repel the invasion, the monster takes control of Lambert. As Lambert rages out of control, Yuri is forced to kill him in order to protect Hisca, leaving Yuri dispirited. When Flynn returns from Zaphias, he and Yuri come to blows, as each believes the other had an effortless assignment. Meanwhile, a platoon of high ranking knights from central are seen in the forest being slaughtered by monsters. One survives and flees to Shizontonia's front gate, where he delivers a report to an unseen individual in the city. Raven witnesses this meeting. Niren, upon receiving the news that reinforcements would not be arriving anytime soon, decides to take the knights to investigate the source of the aer, which he believes to be a fortress at the center of a nearby lake. Flynn disagrees with Niren's decision, viewing it as disobedience of a direct order. Garista, the strategist for the Niren Corps, attempts to dissuade Niren, first directly, then through appealing to Flynn's personality, to no avail. The investigation in the fortress turns out to be more dangerous than originally thought, as the aer begins to turn the fortress into a living weapon to attack the knights. Melzome arrives with several of his guild members and assists Niren's group, and the knights make their way into the center of the fortress, where a giant blastia is found to be using the aer. Niren uses the device given by Rita Mordio to stifle the gushing of aer, but a backlash is caused by the sudden ceasing of aer flow and the blastia explodes, destroying the barrier blastia keeping Shizontonia safe, knocking out Chastel, and causing the fortress to begin to crumble. On the way out, Flynn spots a piece of fallen blastia that Niren apparently recognizes; he tells Flynn that they'll deal with this new information later. As Niren attempts to carry Chastel to safety, the floor beneath him crumbles. Niren is able to throw Chastel to Yuri, and is stranded in a sinkhole of gushing aer. Despite Yuri's attempts to save him, due to a wound he received during the investigation, Niren is unable to pull himself to safety. Leaving his blastia with Yuri, Niren tells the knights to leave without him. The fortress collapses around him as the knights, as well as Melzome and his guild, are forced to leave Niren behind. The knights and the entire town mourn deeply over Niren's death, and during the funeral service Yuri tells Flynn that even though Niren sacrificed his life as a result of disobeying orders, he left behind a town full of people willing to live on, much like Flynn's father did when he was a child. At this Flynn openly weeps as the captain's casket is taken away. However, Flynn soon realizes that the blastia used in the fortress where the aer abnormality originated, along with the piece he spotted on the floor, were a specialized type used only by Garista. Yuri and Flynn confront Garista with this information, and Garista reveals that he was attempting to create a new kind of blastia that would give humans total control over aer. The duo say they will arrest him, but Garista implies  that the higher ups of the knights already knew of his research and allowed it. Not only that, an earlier research incident years ago was the catalyst for the battle that Flynn's father died at. Infuriated, Yuri and Flynn attack Garista, who overpowers them with his blastia. However, Yuri and Flynn uses Niren's blastia to catch Garista off guard and Yuri stabs him through the chest, killing him. In the aftermath, Shizontonia is evacuated due to the failure of the barrier blastia, and vice captain Jurgis, having been told from the beginning by Niren that Garista was likely behind the current events, overlooks Yuri and Flynn's killing of Garista; the official report will state that a blastia explosion was the cause. With Niren gone, the only commanding officer that could possibly handle or tolerate him, Yuri leaves the knights, taking Niren's blastia as a keepsake and bringing Repede  along with him, saying his goodbyes to everyone in the town. Flynn sees him off at the gates, and the two share a fond farewell, swearing to meet again one day as Yuri leaves."] ['Brunhilde is a fish-girl who lives with her father Fujimoto, a once-human wizard who now lives underwater, and her numerous smaller sisters. One day, while she and her siblings are on an outing with their father in his four-flippered submarine, Brunhilde is driven by a desire to see even more of the world and floats away on the back of a jellyfish. After an encounter with a fishing trawler , she ends up stuck in a bottle. She drifts to the shore of a small fishing town and is found and rescued by a small boy named Sōsuke. He cuts his finger in the process, but Brunhilde licks his wound when he picks her up, and the wound heals almost instantly. After taking a great liking to her, Sōsuke renames her Ponyo and promises to protect her forever. Meanwhile, a distraught Fujimoto is searching frantically for his daughter. Because of his own bad memories of the human world, he believes that Sōsuke has kidnapped her, and he calls his wave spirits to recover her. After the wave spirits take Ponyo away, Sōsuke is heartbroken and goes home with his mother, Lisa, who tries to cheer him up, to no avail. Ponyo and Fujimoto have a confrontation, during which Ponyo refuses to let her father call her by her birthname, "Brunhilde". She declares her name to be Ponyo and voices her desire to become human, because she has started to fall in love with Sōsuke. Suddenly she starts to grow legs and turn into a human, a power granted to her by the human blood she ingested when she licked Sōsuke\'s finger. Her father turns her back with difficulty and goes to summon Ponyo\'s mother, Granmamare. Meanwhile, Ponyo, with the help of her sisters, breaks away from her father and uses his magic to make herself fully human. The huge amount of magic that she inadvertently releases into the ocean causes an imbalance in the world, resulting in a huge tsunami. Running pell-mell over the waves of the storm, Ponyo goes back to visit Sōsuke, who is amazed but overjoyed to see her. Lisa is equally amazed, but takes Ponyo\'s transformation in stride. Lisa, Sōsuke, and Ponyo wait out the storm at Sōsuke\'s house, with the new world an amazing journey of discovery for Ponyo. Worried about the residents of the nursing home where she works, Lisa leaves to check up on them, promising Sōsuke that she will return as soon as possible. Granmamare arrives at Fujimoto\'s submarine. On her way there, Sōsuke\'s father sees and recognizes her as the Goddess of Mercy. Fujimoto notices the moon appears to be falling out of its orbit and satellites are falling like shooting stars, symptoms of the dangerous imbalance of nature that now exists. Granmamare declares that if Sōsuke can pass a test, Ponyo can live as a human and the world order will be restored. A still-worried Fujimoto reminds her that if Sōsuke fails the test, Ponyo will turn into sea foam. Sōsuke and Ponyo wake up to find that most of the land around the house has been covered by the ocean. Since it is impossible for Lisa to come home, the two children decide to find her. With the help of Ponyo\'s magic, they make Sōsuke\'s toy boat life-size and set out across the ocean. Over the course of their journey, they see prehistoric fish swimming beneath them, and encounter several other evacuees in boats. After landing and finding Lisa\'s empty car, Ponyo and Sōsuke head into a tunnel. There Ponyo loses her human form and reverts into a fish. Meanwhile, Lisa and the residents of the nursing home are below the surface, but have been temporarily given the power to breathe underwater. Sōsuke and Ponyo encounter Fujimoto, but Sōsuke doesn\'t trust him and attempts to flee. However, Fujimoto captures them and takes them down to the protected nursing home. Sōsuke is reunited with Lisa and meets Granmamare, with whom Lisa has just had a long private conversation. Granmamare asks Sōsuke if he can love Ponyo whether she is a fish or human. Sōsuke replies that he "loves all the Ponyos." Granmamare then tells her daughter that if she chooses to become human once and for all, she will have to give up her magical powers. Ponyo agrees to this, so Granmamare encases her in a bubble and gives her to Sōsuke, and tells him that kissing the bubble will complete Ponyo\'s transformation. The balance of nature is then restored, and the previously stranded ships head back to port, including Sōsuke\'s father\'s. Ponyo jumps high in the air and kisses Sosuke, transforming back into a human.'] ["The story takes place in the year 2092,The Super Dimension Fortress Macross II Original Soundtrack Vol. 2 CD booklet, 1992, p. 3, Victor, VICL-365 eighty years after the events depicted in the movie Macross: Do You Remember Love?The Super Dimension Fortress Macross II Valkyrie II model kit instructions, 1992, Bandai, 0036371-2000 The SDF-1 Macross still exists, as does the U.N. Spacy Minmay Attack stratagem, which has been successfully employed to thwart the Zentradi threat ever since. However, a new humanoid alien race called the Marduk , arrives in the Solar System with enslaved Zentradi and Meltlandi warriors who are seemingly unaffected by the Minmay Attack. The Marduk employ their own female singers, called Emulators, who incite their giant warriors with songs. The story focuses on reporter Hibiki Kanzaki, who is caught in the middle of the action when he rescues an Emulator, Ishtar, while covering a battle between the U.N. Spacy and the Marduk. Hibiki proceeds to teach her about Earth's culture, which she then shares with the rest of the Marduk. However, the Marduk leader, Emperor Ingues, considers Earth's culture anathema. With the help of ace fighter pilot Silvie Gena, Hibiki and Ishtar attempt to end the war."] 