['Sabrina is turning 13 years old receiving her first magic wand from Enchantra herself and as custom for all witchlings, she\'s off to the Witch Academy to learn the three principles of witchdom . Feeling inferior because she\'s only a half-witch, Sabrina conceals her mixed heritage and manages to rise to a position of popularity. Sabrina joins her new friends in making fun of Nichole, a "bookworm" who doesn\'t fit in, but, when Sabrina discovers that Nichole is a half-witch like herself, the pair become good friends. Sabrina\'s other friends figure something is going on between Sabrina and Nichole and set out to prove that Nichole is a half witch. They accomplish this by levitating up to a tree outside and find the half star on her hand. Nichole is ridiculed to the point that there is no end in plain view for Nicole. Sabrina visits Nichole in her dorm room and come together and begin their journey to the witches\' realm in hopes of becoming full witches. Entering the witches\' realm, Sabrina and Nichole stumble upon a witch with three doors leading to three fantasy worlds. Both girls enter the first door and become mermaids. Making their way back to the realm, they try the second door which makes them figure skaters. After skating into a Hockey net, a hockey player appears on the ice and shoots pucks into the net where both girls are in. the girls throw a few pucks at the hockey player in frustration and a hockey brawl takes place. Sabrina and Nichole escape from the pile and exit back into the realm. They go into the third and final door where they meet two princes and begin to dance. Enchantra finds out from the witch academy the two girls are in the realm and sends two of her minions to get them. Sabrina and Nichole reach the great wish-granting wisdom tree in the witches\' realm. Sabrina steps forward first to make her wish and asks to be a full witch. Her wish is granted; by taking Nicole\'s half-witch powers. This makes Nichole a mortal and consequently turns her to stone since a mortal can\'t be in the witches\' realm. Sabrina asks the tree to change her back, but it can\'t because the deed has already been done. It tells her that only a certain amulet can help her. Salem has told her that his collar is just this kind of artifact, so Sabrina hurriedly seeks him out. Unfortunately, he lied and she is unable to save Nicole. Distraught, she is about to turn herself into stone when she is stopped by Enchantra, who is touched by her unselfish action and breaks the spell on Nicole, returning both girls to half-witches in the process. At the graduation ceremony, Sabrina chides the school for making fun of Nicole because of her heritage, and reveals that she herself is a half-witch.'] ['An adaptation of the Charles Dickens classic, A Christmas Carol. An overexcited Roo, along with Pooh, Piglet, Tigger and Eeyore, pay Rabbit a visit to celebrate Easter. But instead of finding an Easter party they find a Spring Cleaning Day celebration led by Rabbit who makes up the holiday to replace Easter. Rabbit finds out Tigger was right about him liking Easter in his past. Meanwhile, the narrator purposely takes Rabbit to Roo\'s house instead of his own to show him how much Roo and the others still care about him, and how he should do the same thing, but Rabbit remains stubborn and angry and unconvinced. He even puts away Piglet\'s pink Easter basket, Pooh\'s special honey pot, Eeyore\'s fluffy bunny ears, and Tigger\'s striped Easter egg in the chest saying, "If they just listen, if they follow orders, do as I say, but no no." So late that night, the narrator takes Rabbit into the "pages that not have yet been written", or into the future of the Hundred Acre Wood. It is Spring Cleaning Day, and all the supplies and chores are organized exactly as Rabbit wanted, which makes him very happy. But when he asks the narrator where everyone is, thinking that their late as usual, the narrator tells him that they\'re not late but gone, because they moved away from the Hundred Acre Wood. He tries to find them, but sees that all their houses are empty. When he was at Tigger\'s house, Rabbit finds Roo\'s drawing of him and Roo, and rushes to Kanga and Roo\'s house, which was also empty. So confused Rabbit says, "Roo was so looking forward to..," and the narrator asks, "Spring Cleaning Day was it?" But Rabbit says no because it was Easter, regretting what he done, he asks where his friends are. But the narrator laughs at the word \'Friends\' and says that Rabbit certainly didn\'t treat them like friends, and shows him the way he was acting, and tells that he never thought about what the others wanted and was only thinking of himself. Rabbit finally realizes that he was wrong to try to control something that everyone shares and loves, and decides to change the future by changing his attitude to everyone else. But however he learns that the Easter supplies were taken with his friends when they moved. Saboris appeared as the evil spirit of darkness and kills Rabbit by firing a ball of igniting death. Rabbit explodes to Death and the Hundered Acre Wood disappeared. But until next morning he wakes up on Easter day and he sees the supplies is back in the box. At the same time, Roo and the others come up with another idea in hopes of cheering Rabbit up, and while they are busy working, Rabbit, feeling as "giddy as a jackrabbit", brings out all the Easter decorations and starts happily preparing a big surprise for his friends. The movie ends with the annual Easter celebration proceeding as planned.'] ["On the anniversary of Cinderella and Prince Charming's wedding, the Fairy Godmother surprises them, Jaq and Gus with a picnic in the woods. However, nearby is Cinderella's old mansion, where Anastasia and Drizella are bitterly doing Cinderella's old chores. While wandering off to avoid work, Anastasia stumbles across the Fairy Godmother's wand, which she had dropped, and in the ensuing struggle, Anastasia accidentally turns the Fairy Godmother to stone. Lady Tremaine and Drizella arrive to see what is happening, and Lady Tremaine becomes fascinated with the wand's power and revels at another chance to ruin Cinderella's life. Lady Tremaine uses the wand to go back in time with her daughters to the day the Grand Duke fitted the glass slipper on Cinderella. As before, Cinderella is locked in the attic with Jaq and Gus fighting Lucifer over the key. Lady Tremaine uses the wand to expand the slipper to fit Anastasia, and they are taken to the palace just as Cinderella emerges. Lady Tremaine breaks Cinderella's other slipper, her only alibi, and warns her to keep away from the palace. But Cinderella doesn't give up, and sneaks into the palace with Jaq and Gus. Understandably, Charming claims Anastasia was not the girl he danced with at the ball, but Lady Tremaine alters his memory with the wand and he accepts her as his bride. Jaq and Gus see this from afar and inform Cinderella that Lady Tremaine has the wand. Cinderella poses as a maid to get into the Tremaines' room, but she is spotted by Lady Tremaine as the mice run away with the wand. Unfortunately, the palace guards catch Cinderella before she can restore Charming's memory. Cinderella briefly touches Charming's hand and he begins to recognise her, but Lady Tremaine orders Cinderella placed on the next ship out of the kingdom. The mice find Charming and explain the whole story to him, and he rides off to intercept the ship just as it leaves the port. Charming embraces Cinderella and his true memories return. He promptly asks her to marry him, again, and she accepts. Charming brings Cinderella back to the castle and explains everything to the King and the Grand Duke. The King orders the Tremaines arrested, but they escape using the wand. The King declares the Tremaines as outlaws and orders a manhunt for them. However, Lady Tremaine does not give up, and as Cinderella is preparing for the wedding, she emerges with Anastasia, magically transformed into a doppelgänger of Cinderella. Before Cinderella can act, Lady Tremaine transports her, Jaq and Gus into the castle grounds, where they are to be taken to their deaths in a twisted pumpkin carriage with Lucifer as its human driver, but they manage to defeat Lucifer and escape, leaving Lucifer stranded in the woods. Cinderella races to the castle as the vows are about to be exchanged. However, at the last moment, Anastasia's conscience gets the better of her and she turns Charming down, to Lady Tremaine and Drizella's fury. They emerge into the open and the King orders them arrested, but Lady Tremaine uses the wand to fend off the guards. As she prepares to curse Cinderella and Anastasia, Charming deflects the beam back at Lady Tremaine and Drizella with his sword and they are turned into toads and transported to the castle cellar. Retrieving the wand, Anastasia reverts herself to her original form, and Cinderella restores the Fairy Godmother. Ashamed, Anastasia returns a prized shell the King gave to her earlier on, but he allows her to keep it, on the basis that everyone deserves true love. The Fairy Godmother offers to reverse the timeline to its original state, but Cinderella and Charming decline. Once again, they are married and live happily ever after. As punishment for their crimes, Lady Tremaine and Drizella are forced to work in the castle as scullery maids."] ["In the 19th century, an English couple and their infant son escape a burning ship, ending up on land near uncharted rainforests off the coast of Africa. The couple craft themselves a treehouse from their ship's wreckage, but are subsequently killed by Sabor, a rogue leopardess. Kala, a female gorilla who recently lost her own child to Sabor, hears the cries of the orphaned human infant and finds him in the ruined treehouse. Though she is attacked by Sabor, Kala and the baby manage to escape. Kala takes the baby back to the gorilla troop to raise as her own, despite her mate Kerchak's disapproval. Kala raises the human child, naming him Tarzan. Though he befriends other gorillas in the troop and other animals, including the young female gorilla Terk and the paranoid male elephant Tantor, Tarzan finds himself unable to keep up with them, so he takes great efforts to improve himself. As a young man, Tarzan is able to kill Sabor with his crude spear and protect the troop, earning Kerchak's reluctant respect. The gorilla troop's peaceful life is interrupted by the arrival of a team of human explorers from England, consisting of Professor Porter, his daughter Jane, and their hunter-guide Clayton. Jane is accidentally separated from the group and chased by a pack of baboons. Tarzan saves her from the baboons. He recognizes that she is the same as he is: a human. Jane leads Tarzan back to the explorers' camp, where both Porter and Clayton take great interest in him — the former in terms of scientific progress while the latter hoping to have Tarzan lead him to the gorillas so that he can capture them and return with them to England. Despite Kerchak's warnings to be wary of the humans, Tarzan continues to return to the camp and be taught by Porter, Clayton, and Jane to speak English and learn of the human world, and he and Jane begin to fall in love. However, they are having a hard time convincing Tarzan to lead him to the gorillas, due to Tarzan's fear for their safety from the threat of Kerchak. When the explorers' boat returns to retrieve them, Clayton makes Tarzan believe that Jane will stay with him forever if he reveals the gorillas. Tarzan agrees and leads the party to the nesting grounds, while Terk and Tantor lure Kerchak away to avoid having him attack the humans. Porter and Jane are excited to mingle with the gorillas, but Kerchak returns and threatens to kill them. Tarzan is forced to hold Kerchak at bay while the humans escape, and then leaves the troop himself, now alienated by his actions. Kala takes Tarzan to the treehouse she found him in, and shows him his true past, encouraging him to leave with Jane and the others. When Tarzan returns to the ship with Jane and Porter, they are ambushed by Clayton and his band of stowaway pirates and locked in the brig. Tarzan manages to escape with the help of his friends, and he races back to the gorilla home. Kerchak and Tarzan together battle Clayton; Kerchak is fatally shot while Tarzan is chased by Clayton into vine-covered trees. After a fierce battle with Tarzan, Clayton is finally killed when he falls with a vine around his neck, hanging him. Kerchak, in his dying breath, accepts Tarzan as his own and names him the leader of the gorilla pack. The rest of the gorillas are freed after scaring away the rest of Clayton's men. The next day, as Porter and Jane prepare to leave on the ship, Tarzan reveals that he now plans to stay with the gorilla troop. As the ship leaves shore, Porter encourages his daughter to stay with the man she loves, and Jane jumps overboard to return to shore; Porter shortly follows her. The Porters reunite with Tarzan and his family and embark on their new life together."] ["In July 1849, in the middle of the dilapidated town Goldville, Little Kitty observes near a gathering, a poster announcing a young prospector Beans about to hunt for gold in Red Gulch. Little Kitty takes the poster and shows it to Porky. Meanwhile, Beans strikes gold from a mountain slot machine, rides off to Goldville and puts the word out, making all the locals leave in pursuit of the gold source. Beans and Porky followed by Ham and Ex head off to the gold source and get digging. Suddenly Beans uncovers a trunk containing a book on how to find gold. Then a greedy bandit spies Beans' bag of gold and snitches it with a lasso fired from his rifle. Beans pursues the bandit on Porky's request hoping to get Little Kitty's hand in marriage. After a wild gunfight, Beans supercharges his car dragging the bandit, the bag of gold and Porky along and back to Goldville. Porky reveals that what the bandit stole was in fact his lunch bag."] ['Littlefoot has nightmares which involves the "Great Circle". He mentions it to his grandparents, who share the experience. Grandpa has a feeling that he wants to "go somewhere", and they leave the next day with no help but sense to tell them where they were going. Out of curiosity, the others follow him, starting after them the following night. New characters are introduced throughout the film: Sue, a Supersaurus, who is driven on by the same sense as Grandpa, joins Littlefoot, and they met Pat, an elderly Apatosaurus. Sue is always haunted by a want to meet someone taller than her, as she towers above everyone else. Pat is slow-moving, but does arrive at the crater in time for the event. He injures his foot due to volcano activity. However, another surprise is in store, as Littlefoot meets his father, Bron , for the first time in his whole life. However, Bron isn\'t alone. Since parting from his now deceased wife , he has become guardian to a young Brachiosaurus, Shorty, who becomes jealous of Littlefoot since Bron is spending more time with him. Bron\'s story is a long one. He left to find a new place to live before Littlefoot hatched, but only arrived to find that the Earthquake had destroyed everything. In search of Littlefoot\'s mother, he finds Shorty, but realizes that it\'s not Littlefoot. But they stay with him. And then he is joined by others. This repeating process makes him the leader of a herd. And the same sense brings them to the crater. The ceremony is then revealed to be an event in which the moon overlaps the sun Before the ceremony can take place, however, a pack of Sharpteeth intervene and almost cause the ceremony to collapse, but when the eclipse finally comes, they are scared off. The Longnecks succeed With their mission completed, the herds depart. Things end happily for Sue, who meets an Ultrasaurus taller than her. Knowing their true places, Littlefoot tells Bron to take care of Shorty, and returns to the Valley with his friends and grandparents.'] [" A mysterious meteorite is hurtling towards the earth. During its entry into the atmosphere, it almost wounds Rayquaza, a sky guardian living in the ozone layer. The meteorite crashes into a polar zone, revealing two egg-shaped objects. The purple egg regenerates into a Deoxys and picks up the green egg. Rayquaza descends from the ozone layer to fight the invader. A battle ensues, destroying a nearby research site and traumatizing a young boy, scared by a stampede of Spheal, Sealeo, and Walrein. The purple Deoxys traps Rayquaza and is about to beat it, but it is distracted by electricity from broken computers, giving Rayquaza a chance to obliterate the purple Deoxys with its Hyper Beam. Deoxys goes back to egg form and falls into the sea, while some researchers take the green egg with them. Beneath the sea, the injured Deoxys regenerates and waits. The green egg appears somewhere in Hoenn. Four years later, Ash, May, Brock, and Max travel to LaRousse City's Battle Tower. There they meet Tori , a boy who is afraid of Pokémon because of psychological trauma that had ensued from the stampede caused by the battle between Deoxys and Rayquaza. Tori is found to be a loner. Deoxys, which has fully healed, leaves to find the other green egg which Tori's parents are testing in a lab. In the Battle Tower, Ash mistakes Tori for a Pokémon trainer and they battle against Rafe and Sid, with Tori using Ash's Torkoal. However, Tory does not know how to handle Ash's Torkoal and they lose. Tori runs away, stopping to save a Minun which was trapped in a trash can. Later, Ash meets Tori's parents and they have fun until they see a mysterious purple aurora, signaling the return of Deoxys. When Deoxys begins to remove the city's inhabitants to search for the green egg, it is up to Ash, Pikachu, and Tori to help it find the egg. This is complicated by the return of Rayquaza, and the security robots malfunctioning. Deoxys and Rayquaza then continue to battle, causing havoc in the city. The green egg is regenerated when Pikachu and Minun and Plusle charge the power generator in the lab. As the fight continues, Deoxys tackles Rayquaza into the floor. He is about to release a final blow, but the green Deoxys arrives in perfect timing and quickly transforms into defense form saving Rayquaza from the attack. The city is filled with blocks of robots almost destroying Rayquaza, but with the help of the green and purple Deoxys, Rayquaza was saved."] ['The cartoon starts when Bugs Bunny, feeling the effects of mixing radish juice with carrot juice the night before, unknowingly climbs out of his hole and into a rocket ship that is about to be launched into space. He realizes what has happened once he screws open the tip of the ship, and is immediately hit by the satellite Sputnik and lands on what appears to be a space station. While there, Bugs meets Marvin the Martian who is trying to blow up earth with the Illudium PU-36 Explosive Space Modulator  because "it obstructs my view of Venus". Bugs steals Marvin\'s explosive and Marvin uses different tricks to try to catch Bugs and get the explosive back, including using ‘just add water’ Instant Martians to chase Bugs around the space station and catch him. In true Bugs fashion, he tricks the Instant Martians into flying off the road and falling through a trap door. Bugs then steals one of the Martian\'s spaceships, and while flying by, swaps the explosive he stole from Marvin for the bottle of Instant Martians. The explosive is lit, and soon explodes in Marvin’s hand  before Marvin can finish saying its name. Marvin concedes that it is "back to the old drawing board" while Bugs is flying back to Earth. When Bugs arrives at Earth he has to crash land and finds himself and the bottle of Martians falling into the sewer. The Martians begin to grow as Bugs climbs out of the sewer, frantically replaces the manhole cover and warns the audience to "Run for the hills folks, or you\'ll be up to your armpits in Martians!" He then takes his own advice as the ground shakes with the invaders underneath.'] ['The mailman has delivered a letter to "B. Bonny" , but when the truck pulls out, the exhaust from the tailpipe causes the letter to drift out of the mailbox and accidentally drop into Bugs Bunny\'s hole. Bugs, in the middle of his morning workout , eventually sees the letter and assumes it\'s for him. On reading the letter, he gets shocked: "Holy cats, I\'ve been drafted!" Bugs\' going through the Army induction center only causes some small reactions: -After asking a guard for directions, the guard assumes the Army has started inducting rabbits. -Before Bugs has his x-rays taken, a tall, rather lanky, tiny-headed person behind him looks at him and in response looks and chuckles at the audience. -When Bugs has his sx-rays taken, the doctor there assumes he\'s  been overworked. -Bugs also passes the eye exam with flying colors from the first letter right down to the microscopic "Reg. U.S. Pat. Off." disclaimer at the bottom of the chart. This joke is a reference to Bugs eating a steady diet carrots, rich in Vitamin A, which promotes good eyesight. . Once in the army, though, he quickly causes problems. His shoes are too big, so when his Sergeant calls for the men lined up to "about face," Bugs accidentally literally knocks the rest of the line over like bowling pins.  The Sergeant calls Bugs forward, where Bugs introduces himself as "Private Bugs Bunny reporting, your majesty!" The Sergeant doesn\'t believe it\'s really Bugs, and sarcastically refers to himself as "Sergeant Porky Pig." However, his Colonel, referring to himself as "Colonel Putty Tat", tells the Segeant that "General Tweety Pie was asking about you, Sergeant." When the Colonel inspects Bugs and orders him to "about face," Bugs knocks the Colonel over with his large shoes, much to the Sergeant\'s horror. As punishment, Bugs and the Sergeant — now noticeably demoted to three stripes  — take a long hike that sees both of them crawling back to their bunk (at "Camp Ono" — Ono, Pennsylvania also happens to be a [[Hamlet  in the middle of the night. Bugs, after peeling back his sweating shoes, finally lies down in his bunk, but is woken by Reveille seconds later. Bugs, intending to "moider that bugler," runs out with a baseball bat and a "whack" is heard off-screen. After Bugs decides to take a bath, it is shown that Bugs really smashed a record player. Later that morning, the Colonel is furiously looking for his helmet. The Sergeant finds Bugs taking his bath, using the Colonel\'s helmet as his bathtub. After Bugs makes a comment about cleanliness being next to godliness, the Sergeant throws Bugs out and runs off with the helmet full of soapy water — only to run into the Colonel. The Colonel then puts his helmet on - and gets splashed, blowing out bubbles afterwards. Now demoted to Corporal rank, Bugs\' officer has Bugs "dress" the chickens for the Officer\'s Dinner Dance that night — though Bugs has them all dressed in tuxedoes.  Bugs then tries to nail a calendar to the wall above his bunk using a large ammunition shell . The Corporal runs up just in time to almost get hit with the shell when it goes off — but, much to the Corporal\'s shock, the shell pierces clean through the angry Colonel\'s helmet, making him look like the devil. Now reduced in rank to Private, Bugs\' former drill sergeant asks the now-bandaged Bugs Bunny  what he\'s got against him, asking him why he doesn\'t listen to orders, hoping to reason with Bugs. After mentioning Bugs\' various body parts, he finally panickedly realizes "Jumpin\' Catfish, we\'ve inducted a rabbit" and runs off to find the General. The General apologizes to Bugs for the mix-up, explaining that Congress didn\'t pass any laws saying that rabbits could be inducted into the military. Bugs, however, wants to do his part for the military. The General tells Bugs there is something he can do — Bugs is then seen testing ammunition shells  by striking the top with a mallet and marking them as \'DUD\' when they don\'t explode. Bugs then tells the audience: "And just think! In 30 years, I can retire!"'] ["One morning, a schoolboy named John awakes to find an invisible giant sitting at the foot of his bed. John names him Ivor and soon the giant is playing tricks around the house: squirting John's father with a garden hose, disturbing the laundry hanging on the clothesline, and stealing food. Ivor can create music, and later he gives John an invisible seesaw ride in the park. But what Ivor really wants is to learn to write. He wants John to read him stories, and he wants to go to school with him. Ivor creates a great deal of mischief at John's school, writing rude words on the chalkboard. On the way home, Ivor incites the wrath of an angry mob after tempering with the Belisha beacons and pelican crossings."] ["The film opens with a montage of animals and Mufasa's voices, some clips left over from the previous attraction, Symbiosis, playing the song Circle of Life. Simba, now king of the Pride Lands after he defeated his uncle Scar and his army the Hyenas and save his home the pridelands, sees Timon and Pumbaa clogging up rivers. He asks what they are planning and Timon replies to him that they are building a non-ecological resort called Hakuna Matata Lakeside Village. Simba tries to tell them that other creatures nearby need water as well, but Timon and Pumbaa still don't care. Simba decides to then get his point straight to them by telling them about another creature  who is like them. He explains to them how they needed space, power, and food for themselves. They also decide to help nature by studying animals and ending pollution to save the environment. Timon and Pumbaa then decide to take out the dam and give the water back deciding that they've learned their lesson. The film ends with a shorter montage and the screen fades to black."] ['{{Plot}} Bugs is on display in the "Stacey\'s Department Store" window, helping to advertise camping gear. After closing time, Bugs retires to have a well-earned carrot. The store manager appears and informs Bugs that since the summer sale\'s over, he\'s being transferred to another department, which Bugs puzzles over  The man tells the rabbit he will look splendid... after he has been "stuffed". Right after Bugs does what he thinks could be a suitable pose, he ponders this for a second, finds out that the manager intends to cut him open to be "stuffed," screams after realizing this, and begins a cartoon-long chase. The manager then chases Bugs into the jewelry department with a gun and fires when he catches sight of Bugs\' ears sticking up from a counter. Bugs moves his ears so the bullets miss, but seems to raise his hands in surrender. Just as the manager gloats that he\'ll finish Bugs off, Bugs pops out from behind the counter , armed with a gun as well, and states he\'ll finish off the manager. He pulls the trigger, to which the gun sticks out three "bang" signs, prompting the manager to stick three "ouch" signs out of his mouth. At one point, when the manager gloats that he outsmarted Bugs, Bugs distracts him by telling him he sounds "just like that guy on the radio: The Great Gildersneeze!" Bugs is right, the voice is a good imitation of Harold Peary\'s character in the The Great Gildersleeve. The actor providing that voice here is uncredited, although most animation historians seem to agree it was Dick Nelson.  Just as the manager is gushing over this comment, Bugs swipes the gun away, making it go off in the process. When the manager demands to know if Bugs had been attempting to outsmart him, Bugs innocently states that he just did and gives the manager a wacky kiss on the nose. The manager then chases after Bugs into the ladies\' department, where he sees a customer . Bugs asks for a pair of bedroom slippers, to which the gushy manager takes off Bugs\' high heel and tickles his feet. While they\'re laughing, Bugs falls to the floor, revealing that what the manager was tickling was actually a mannequin leg, to which Bugs wiggles his real toe and escapes. The manager then chases Bugs through several departments where they each wear the outfit associated with that department . Bugs then blows his cover when the manager sees Bugs isn\'t wearing any lingerie. As Bugs rushes upstairs, the manager gets into the elevator, where Bugs  brings him down. Just as the manager gets wise after exiting, Bugs tricks him into getting aboard another elevator going up, where the manager sees multiple Bugs\'s thumbing lifts on the elevator on each floor. Just as he comes back down, Bugs shoves the manager out of the elevator, making the manager rush up hundreds of flights of stairs to the top of the building. Once at the top, Bugs pushes the manager down a shaft with an elevator under repair. Bugs then listens to the manager crash to the ground floor, and while he remarks how dumb the manager is, the manager, looking worse for the wear, zips back up ready to strangle Bugs. Just when Bugs is about to be captured, he distracts the man again by tricking him into thinking there is a "frankincense" monster behind him, just like in a good book he just read. When he looks behind, Bugs has leaped into position, making a hideous face. The frightened man leaps off the building with a scream, and apparently to his death. Bugs tut-tuts, then pulls out a mirror, stupidly makes the same face to himself, turns to the audience in horror, and then he leaps off the building with a scream, leaving his fate uncertain. Iris out. {{clear}}'] ['{{Incomplete}} The film makes use of a frame tale to present three self contained "episodes" via flashback. Jane and Tarzan\'s first anniversary has arrived, and Jane is trying to find a suitable present for her husband, with the help of the elephant Tantor, and the gorilla Terk. When a party is suggested, the trio remember the disaster that occurred when three of Jane\'s friends arrive for a visit. As Jane considers a gift of jewelry, she is reminded of Tarzan\'s exploit with a pair of conniving diamond prospectors who take advantage of him and also trigger a volcanic reaction. Jane then decides on a night of dancing but changes her mind when she remembers how Bobby, one of her childhood friends, came to visit, only to be found out to be a treacherous spy to the Germans during World War I. Downhearted, Jane goes home without a present, only to find that Tarzan, wearing his fathers\' suit; has thrown her a surprise party, he has also gotten her some jewelry and has a dance with her at the end.'] ['In the film, Frieza\'s older brother Cooler is introduced. It begins with a flashback to when Frieza destroyed the Saiyan home world, Planet Vegeta. Cooler\'s ship soon picks up a Saiyan space pod on the radar. The pod, carrying a baby Saiyan named Kakarot, is shown to be heading towards Earth, but Cooler\'s henchmen believe it is an escape. Cooler lets the ship go, accounting that it\'s Frieza\'s naïveté, and responsibility. More than twenty years later, Kakarot, eventually renamed Goku, transforms into a Super Saiyan and defeats Frieza on Planet Namek. Despite showing no compassion towards his brother, Cooler takes his Armored Squadron - Doore, Neiz, and Salza to Earth with the intention of killing Goku in order to reclaim his family\'s honor. His forces ambush Goku and his friends on a camping trip, and Goku is wounded when he takes a blast from Cooler that was intended for Gohan. After Krillin sets up a shelter in a cave with Goku, Gohan flies off to obtain Senzu beans from Korin. After obtaining the beans, he is ambushed by Cooler\'s henchmen, but is saved by Piccolo. Piccolo dispatches Doore and Neiz, and takes on Salza, easily gaining the upper hand. During the battle, Cooler arrives and catches Piccolo off-guard with a Death Beam, which impales him through the chest but does not kill him. Cooler then sends Salza after Gohan as he continues to blast Piccolo. Gohan gets to the cave with the Senzu beans, but they are destroyed by Salza. However, he heals Goku with a spare bean that Yajirobe gave him earlier. After Krillin and Gohan are beaten down by Salza, Goku appears fully healed. Cooler shows up, holding onto an unconscious Piccolo. He then blasts Piccolo\'s body with an unexpected attack as Goku watches in horror. Goku blasts Salza into the distance, and begins to fight Cooler. After Goku proves to be a worthy opponent, Cooler tells of his bleak history with Frieza. He then reveals his final transformation, one that Frieza never showed or achieved, and this one is far more powerful than Frieza\'s final form. Now at full power, Cooler pummels Goku around effortlessly, despite Goku using the Kaioken attack numerous times. Cooler then proceeds to destroy the landscape. However, after seeing a bird die from wounds inflicted by damage caused during the struggle, Goku thinks back on his friends and family, and how they all will be killed if Cooler wins. He then picks up the dead bird, letting out a yell so powerful it cracks solid stone. Goku then transforms into his Super Saiyan form, and gives enough of his energy to revive the bird. Cooler then finds himself, like Frieza was, grossly outclassed. After attempting to punch and blast the Super Saiyan with no effect, Cooler summons a trump card when he powers up an enormous ball of energy. Cooler launches the attack with hopes to destroy Goku and the Earth along with him. After a stint of struggling, Goku eventually manages to send it back with the Kamehameha wave, forcing Cooler off the Earth, towards the sun. As he hits the sun\'s surface, Cooler finally realizes that Goku was none other than the baby Saiyan within the escape pod that he ignored back during Frieza\'s attack on Planet Vegeta. Lamenting his own naïveté, Cooler\'s body is then seemingly disintegrated by the sun. Goku, drained after his battle, is found by Krillin and Gohan. They are looking for Piccolo when Salza reappears and prepares to kill them all. However, before he can attack, he is killed by Piccolo\'s "Special Beam Cannon" from a distance. Gohan looks around for Piccolo, and the movie ends with Piccolo, having recovered, gazing skyward.'] ['The film opens with Jack “Jackie” Walker, a Pokémon ranger undercover, infiltrating Phantom the Pirate’s ship and retrieving a special Pokémon egg to prevent Phantom’s selfish desires. Jackie manages to escape with the help of a Mantine, a water/flying type Pokémon. Sometime later Ash Ketchum along with his Pikachu, Brock, May, and her younger brother Max stumble upon the Marina Group, a traveling family circus consisted of water and psychic-type Pokémon. They meet Elizabeth, the star and daughter of Kyle and Meredith, performers and Kyle’s father Chip, the conductor. They kindly take in Ash and the others who are suffering from dehydration in the wasteland. After a performance at a nearby town, May discovers the same egg shown earlier in the film by the Marina Group’s pet Buizel, a water-type Pokémon. A clown apparently traveling with the group takes away the egg and hands it to Elizabeth. That night, May has a dream with her encountering a temple under the sea and a mysterious Pokémon. That morning she explains it to everyone and it turns out that Marina Group have all had that dream and tell the others about a group of people called the People of the Water, stating that they are in relation with them. Meanwhile, Team Rocket; Jessie, James and Meowth raid the Marina Group’s trailer for the egg and attempt to hand it over to Phantom. They fail when the Marina Group’s clown reveals himself as Jack Walker who captures a Fearow to retrieve it. Jackie explains that the egg belongs to a legendary water-type Pokémon called Manaphy and that his mission is to deliver it to Samiya, the sea temple. Shortly, Phantom and his goons arrive to steal the egg. After a brief struggle, the egg hatches in May’s arms revealing Manaphy. After escaping Phantom, the group arrive at a series of ruins where Kyle uses a bracelet referred as the People of the Water’s mark to open a secret water route leading to a chamber that displays a legend about Samiya. Ash and the others learn that Samiya can blend in with the water and only appears during a rare lunar eclipse. Jackie mentions that they must protect Manaphy from Phantom or else Phantom will find and steal Samiya’s treasure, the sea crown. Leaving through a grotto, Jackie informs Ash and the others that they can’t participate in his mission. On the mean time, Phantom encounters Team Rocket who hires them as a reward for leading him to Manaphy. Phantom decides to follow the group toward the temple. Jackie, Manaphy and the Marina Group depart on Chip’s boat, the Blue Lagoon to Samiya however Manaphy throws a tantrum noticing May isn’t with it. It uses it ability, Heart Swap to link Jackie to Ash, switching bodies. Ash and the others are welcome aboard on the mission, however Jackie feel concerned over May and Manaphy’s developing relationship. Manaphy, choosing its path individually, leads the Blue Lagoon to Samiya’s location. During their journey, Jackie reveals to Ash that he wanted to become Pokémon ranger after a group of migrating Pokémon saved his life in the mountains as a child. Jackie shortly believes that May’s motherly affection toward Manaphy was effecting his mission and so on May starts to avoid overlay contacting with Manaphy, much to her dismay. That night, Elizabeth hands May her bracelet insisting that she should wear it. The next day, May’s bandana is pushed into the sea by wind and Manaphy sets out out retrieve it. In a submarine, Elizabeth, Ash, Pikachu, Brock, May and Max set out to find Manaphy, which they do however they get caught in a riptide. They arrive at Samiya during the lunar eclipse, unaware that Phantom has been following them. Phantom encounters the group in Samiya and opens the door to the sea crown. He removes a jewel from the sea crown, triggering the temple to flood and sink. Jackie arrives and faces off with Phantom, outsmarting him returning most of the jewels but one. Before evacuating, Manaphy attempts save the temple with Ash and May behind it. Elizabeth, Brock and Max are forced to leave the temple. Ash and May reach the sea crown and piece the jewels back on the crown but realize there is one left. The temple begins to flood halfway, Jackie and Phantom escape Samiya, and Team Rocket that stowed away in Phantom’s submarine are carried off by a current into the sea. Ash finds the last jewel and a large capsule that was a part of Phantom’s submarine. He puts May, Manaphy and Pikachu in the capsule and attempts to the return the jewel, nearly drowning in the process. He manages to save Samiya just after it floods completely and the temple rises to the surface. Phantom shows up and snatches Manaphy. Although they believed Ash had died, Ash appears inside a beam of golden light spawned from the crown and takes back Manaphy. Phantom’s ship intervenes and several ocean Pokémon including Kyogre, a water-type legendary Pokémon retaliate under Manaphy’s orders. Phantom is defeated revealing his abnormal strength to be powered by a mecha suit, Jackie’s mission is complete. At dusk, everyone watches as Samiya returns to the depths and May and Manaphy share one last tearful hug before going their separate ways. During the credits, Phantom and his second-in-command Galen is detained and Ash, Pikachu, Brock, May and Max depart from the Marina Group. Jackie is seen on patrol capturing the legendary electric/flying-type Zapdos. Team Rocket have been swallowed by a Wailord and are shot out of its blowhole and it appears Samiya is now at peace with Manaphy present. Ash and the others continue their journey as the film closes.'] ['The movie starts with George  swinging around town, and he picks up the newspaper. He reads it when he gets home and finds out that the great magician Piccadilly  is holding an act with an elephant called Kayla. It sounds interesting to George so he wakes up Ted ([[Jeff Bennett , and he tries to show Ted the news, but Ted is late for a meeting with Mr. Bloomsberry. When Ted gets to the museum he prepares reasons as to why he would be a good candidate to take over the museum for Mr. Bloomsberry who is retiring. Mr. Bloomsberry however, says that Ted is the only candidate because he couldn\'t imagine leaving not even Junior  to own the museum. The only stipulation is Ted has to write a presentation on what his vision of what the museum would look like; to be delivered in one week, to the Board of Directors. However Ted is scared of the Board of Directors. As Ted is in his office writing his charts, Maggie tells him that his loved needs more attention: her, George, etc. George comes in and tries to show Ted the poster with Kayla . Ted says he understands what Maggie is saying and decided to take George to the magic show. During one of Piccadilly\'s magic tricks, Kayla disappears, and George goes looking for her. He finds Kayla in the basement of the theatre, starts playing with her and they stumble upon the exit for the building. Piccadilly comes in and can\'t find Kayla so he calls for security, the head of which is Danno Wolfe  who is assisted by Mrs. Fisher. Danno questions Ted and gets suspicious about him and George. Meanwhile, George and Kayla make their way to Ted\'s apartment where they see news coverage of Kayla\'s original home in California. Ted returns home to find George and Kayla in their apartment. He decides to return to the theatre with George and Kayla but along the way loses them when George sees a train advertisement for the "California Express". Ted reaches them at the train, but can\'t get them out of the boxcar before it leaves the station. They are headed west and Ted gets nervous when the train doesn\'t even stop in St. Louis and his cell phone\'s battery has died. Meanwhile, a cryptic message from a monkey Danno thinks speaks Chinese leads him to believe that George and Ted have kidnapped the elephant. He begins attempting to find them. Back on the train, George opens the door of the boxcar but Ted falls out while trying to catch the wind-blown pages of his presentation. Ted makes his way to a small train station with a stationmaster  who offers to charge the cell phone . Ted uses what little change he has to call Piccadilly, but doesn\'t manage to complete the call which makes Danno even more certain that Ted and George have kidnapped Kayla. Ted uses the stationmaster\'s motorcycle to catch up with George and Kayla, and reboards the train. He leaves his cell phone in Humbleton with the stationmaster who tries to use the phone to tell Piccadilly that Kayla is okay but the phone breaks. Mrs. Fisher traced the call which allowed Danno to find his way the Humbleton station. Ted, George, and Kayla continue on the train for the next stop in Grand Junction with Danno on their heels. The movement of Kayla, however, causes the boxcar to separate from the rest of the train, and they head away from the rest of the train. It finally stops, and they get off in search of a road to find help. A man in a flatbed truck stops and picks them up. Ted thinks they are going east, but they continue to travel west once again. Meanwhile, Piccadilly is interviewed by Hark Hanson , and he reveals pictures of George and Ted as the kidnappers of Kayla. Ted wakes up after a night\'s sleep in the back of the truck and realizes they have been heading the wrong way. He gets them off the truck and attempts to head back east again. They come across a farmer named Dan and his child named Anna, with whom they spend the night. The next morning, Ted picks up the newspaper and finds out New York thinks they\'re kidnappers. He also reads about Kayla\'s family. Ted wants to return Kayla to Piccadilly, but George and Anna disagree. Ted changes his mind the next morning but before they leace for Kayla\'s home, Danno shows up in a helicopter. After the pig throws Danno into a rain barrel, Kayla scares the pilot into flying. While they are thus distracted, George and company escape using a hollowed out school bus and finally make their way to the park where Kayla\'s family are happy to see her. Danno shows up again and arrests George and Ted and captures Kayla. They fly back to the city, but after George gets the handcuff keys from Danno, they all escape by jumping out of the plane. They make it back to Piccadilly and everything is fine, except that Danno has followed them once again. Kayla subdues him and throws him onto the stage\'s trapdoor which Piccadilly opens, dropping Danno onto the mattress below. George and Maggie watch Ted give his report to the Board of Directors. He is initially flustered because the past week\'s adventures prevented him from preparing his presentation. Once George comes in the room, Ted improvises a speech saying that friends are more important than work and proposes several ideas for the museum based on that idea . The Board is impressed and approves his appointment.'] ['Introduction: The Road Runner burns some rubber on the road, while Wile E. Coyote jumps out in front of the speeding bird with a knife and fork. Just before the utensils are about to hit, the ludicrous Latin names are shown: Road Runner: Acceleratti Incredibilis and Coyote: Carnivorous Vulgaris. The cartoon restarts in slo-mo, and the coyote stabs through his legs, ends up missing the Road Runner by a hair, and twists himself into a snail. With an enraged expression, he unravels himself and bounds after the bird. As the coyote gains on him, the Road Runner gears into superspeed and leaves all the roads in a cloud of dust. Wile slows down and hangs his face downwards, and plots his next scheme. 1. As the Road Runner speeds at 130&nbsp;mph acrossing the mountain roads, the coyote fires a bow loaded with some dynamite attached to an arrow. However, it\'s just like that - he fires the bow, and the dynamite explodes on himself. 2. The fuming coyote loads himself onto a slingshot; however, the support breaks out of the ground and wedges him into a stack of hay. 3. Wile E. Coyote now tries covering the ground with quick-drying cement to stop the Road Runner dead. Unfortunately, the Road Runner cuts directly through it without being touched, and the Coyote is drenched and soon frozen before he can escape. 4. Hoping to avoid being hit with loose ends, Wile hides himself under a manhole with an armed hand grenade, but the Road Runner passes through the road fast enough to drop a boulder on top of the cover, which prevents the coyote from throwing the grenade out at the bird before it explodes. Dazed, Wile peeks out to inspect the cause, and the manhole cover, and then the boulder, land on his head. 5. Soon afterwards, Wile E. Coyote dresses as an attractive, blond hitch hiker holding a sign that says "Old Virginia or Bust" in an attempt to lure the Road Runner, but the clever bird speeds right past him and uncovers the Coyote. The Road Runner returns with Wile E\'s wig, holding up a sign saying "I\'VE ALREADY GOT A DATE". 6. Using deception, the coyote paints a realistic picture of a bridge and places it at the end of a road where there is no bridge, just the end of the road, as displayed by a sign that the coyote turns around to make the facade convincing. Maybe a bit too convincing, though: the Road Runner runs through the trick picture as if it was a real road. As the coyote looks on, puzzled, he fails to see a truck emerging through the road in the painting, which promptly runs him over. Frustrated, the coyote tears through the painting and then falls to the ground, leaving dust in the air in the word "OH NO!". 7. Looking to smash the Road Runner, Wile heaves a large boulder onto the winding mountain roads which the Road Runner is traveling. Eventually, the Road Runner and the boulder approach the same area, but the Road Runner slips just out of the way, while the boulder is pitched into the air, up a serac, and onto a new set of roads. The coyote is out peeking at the roads, hoping to see the Road Runner crushed, but instead he is about to suffer the same fate. The boulder is approaching from behind, and Wile sees it coming but cannot escape fast enough. 8. The coyote, hoping for technology to triumph, uses various ACME devices put together  to create a makeshift air balloon. Floating in the clouds, he sees the Road Runner and releases the anvil, causing the balloon to rise in the air until it stops. At this point, the string keeping it blown up unfurls, sending it flying through the air until it runs out of air. Then, he falls to and into the earth, followed by the anvil falling on his head and the Road Runner passing over him just to embarrass him even further. 9. Finally, at the end of the cartoon, the coyote, listening out for the Road Runner\'s beeping, drops from a high log and lunges towards the bird with a javelin, only to realise that the beeping came from a nearby truck, which the Coyote dives straight into, and is thus whacked into the air and wound around the log. The camera cuts to the truck to show that the Road Runner is driving. The End. The title is a pun on "Going! Going! Gone!"'] ['Bugs pops out in Golden Gate Park and encounters a man, who asks Bugs to hold his balloons while he ties his shoelaces. Bugs complies, but soon finds himself drifting off into the ocean. Eventually he clashes with a stork delivering a joey, in which Bugs is switched with the joey and is brought to Australia, dropped into a kangaroo\'s arms. Bugs refuses to be the kangaroo\'s baby, but feels guilty after the kangaroo starts crying and agrees to be its \'baby\'. After a wild ride inside the kangaroo\'s pouch, Bugs gets out and is then struck by a boomerang thrown by an aborigine, whom Bugs later calls "Nature Boy". Bugs throws the boomerang away but it hits him again. \'Nature Boy\' confronts Bugs teases him into a yelling fit. \'Nature Boy\' throws his spear at Bugs, who runs and dives into a rabbit hole. Bugs tricks \'Nature Boy\' into thinking he\'s stabbing the rabbit down the hole, then kicks the man down the hole. Later \'Nature Boy\' spies Bugs walking and attempts to shoot a poisonous fruit at him, but Bugs blows through his bamboo blowgun causing the man to ingest the fruit instead. \'Nature Boy\' then chases Bugs in a canoe and then up a cliff where the two of them fight in the kangaroo\'s pouch. Finally Bugs kicks \'Nature Boy\' out and the kangaroo kicks him off the cliff. Then the joey floats down from the sky into his mother\'s pouch. The kangaroo gives Bugs a ride back to the US, using an outboard motor to power the kangaroo across the sea.'] ['The plot centers on the title character, a mad scientist, Dr. XXX, who has captured Mickey\'s dog, Pluto. Mickey tries to rescue him before the doctor can perform his grotesque experiment: attaching Pluto\'s head to the body of a chicken in order to "find out if the end result will bark or crow or cackle". Mickey battles his way through booby traps and animated skeletons before eventually getting caught and strapped onto a table to get cut open by a buzzsaw. The audience then find Mickey in bed and woken up by a fly, whose buzzing resembles the whirring of the spinning blade. Not yet realizing the episode was only a nightmare, Mickey shouts for Pluto, who eagerly jumps onto Mickey\'s bed.'] ['Kim Possible  is a high-school cheerleader and world-famous crimefighter, and Ron Stoppable  is her faithful sidekick. Ron has a pet naked mole rat named Rufus . The film begins at the start of a new school year, but the start of a fun year is ruined when Ron finds out he\'s moving to Norway. Meanwhile, Dr. Drakken, Shego, Duff Killigan, and Monkey Fist team up to steal the Time Monkey, a small statuette used to travel through time. With help from her computer guru Wade Load  and her friend Monique, Kim follows the villains to Australia as they steal the body and head of the Time Monkey, but the villains connect the head to the body inside the Time Monkey\'s temple in Africa, and they escape through the resulting time portal. Shortly afterward, Kim is visited by a large talking mole rat from the future, a descendent of Rufus named Rufus 3000, who gives Kim a time-travel device and explains that "The Supreme One" is preparing to take over the world. Meanwhile, Drakken, Killigan, and Monkey Fist turn themselves into little children and travel back in time to Kim\'s first day in preschool in order to discourage her from becoming a crimefighter. Posing as her schoolmates, the villains try to bully the four-year-old Kim, but she defeats them and makes friends with Ron, and the high-school-age Kim arrives to fight Shego, who has been observing her accomplices. With their preschool plot foiled, the villains turn back into adults and escape forward in time, to a day when Kim and Ron are middle-school teenagers. When a billionaire traps himself in the web of deadly laser beams that guard his vault, his security expert accidentally contacts Kim through her new babysitting website, so, after a neighbor drives Kim and Ron to the billionaire\'s mansion, Kim uses her cheerleading gymnastic skills to jump through the laser beams and save the billionaire. Monkey Fist goes into the past and retrieves a huge rock gorilla, which attacks Kim, but high-school-age Kim and Ron appear, and high-school Ron destroys the rock gorilla by accidentally activating the security lasers. As police officers arrest Drakken, Killigan, and Monkey Fist, Shego, after being visited by her future self while watching the fight, escapes with the Time Monkey into the future. Rufus 3000 then arrives and reveals to Kim that Shego is the Supreme One, not Drakken stating that he thought it was obvious to her since Shego is the only one smart enough to actually take over the world. Kim then activates the time portal and her, Ron, Rufus, and Rufus 3000 go to the future to stop her.  In the future, Shego has become dictator of the world and made everyone her slaves. Kim and Ron are captured and sent to their old high school to be brainwashed, but they are rescued by Kim\'s twin brothers Tim and Jim, along with Rufus 3000 and an army of naked mole rats. The twins take Kim and Ron to the secret headquarters of the political resistance movement, whose leader is Wade. Together, they and all of the Rufuses sneak into Shego\'s castle, where they fight their way past the villains and an army of monkeys to the room where Shego keeps the Time Monkey. After capturing Kim and her friends, Shego reveals that she separated Kim and Ron by making money in the 1990s stock-market boom, buying the company that Ron\'s mother worked for, and having her transferred to Norway, her reason being that while together, Kim and Ron actually made a decent team, but if they were apart, they couldn\'t stop her. In his anger at having to live in Norway and the destruction of his favorite nacho restaurant, Ron throws Drakken across the room. The twins break out of their chains, the pillars that hold up the palace ceiling collapse, and the Time Monkey falls to the floor and breaks, undoing all the effects of Shego\'s time travel. This causes Kim, Ron, and Rufus to float through a time portal and travel back to the first scene of the film, at the end of their first school day. At the moment when the first time disturbance occurred, a wave of time distortion washes over Kim and Ron, and when the moment has passed, the world has been restored to its original state and the two teens have lost all memory of the film\'s events, except that Ron knows he hates meat cakes, which he was forced to eat in Norway.'] ["This story takes place in an orchestra featuring, among other instruments, a piccolo, a flute, an oboe, a clarinet, a bassoon, a trumpet, a French horn, a trombone, a tuba , a violin, a cello, a double bass, a xylophone, cymbals, timpani, and a piano. Tubby, the orchestra's tuba, comments after a rehearsal's warmup that he is tired of playing only the bass line. This draws ridicule from the other instruments, and Tubby runs off crying to a nearby creek. A frog who lives there consoles Tubby; both are treated poorly, as neither is thought to be capable or worthy of a solo. The frog teaches Tubby a melody and the two part ways. The next day, at the warmup, Tubby begins playing his newly-learned melody. The orchestral instruments are shocked, but are encouraged to let the tuba have his solo by their conductor. With the frog's help, Tubby gets to play his solo."] ['Petrie is having a difficult time preparing for "The Day of the Flyers", an important day for all of the flying residents of the Great Valley, when all of the young flyers must participate in a very precise flying exhibition to prove that they are ready to fly with the adults. Always a nervous flyer, Petrie has even more trouble flying with his siblings in precise group formations — he’s more of an independent, free-style flier. At the same time, a strange newcomer to the Great Valley has Littlefoot and his friends trying to help figure out just exactly what he is. Named Guido, a Microraptor gui, he’s the strangest looking creature any of the Great Valley creatures has ever seen, especially since he’s covered with feathers, and has never seen another like himself. Cera is having her own troubles, as her grumpy dad and his new mate, Tria, get ready to welcome a hatchling to the family. All of these issues come together on the night before "The Day of the Flyers," when Guido starts to figure out what he is, inadvertently leading all of the gang on a perilous adventure into the Mysterious Beyond.'] ['The cartoon focuses on a Donkey, a Dog, a Cat, and a Rooster and their master Troubadour , all of whom are voiced by Oleg Anofriyev, with the exception of the Donkey, who is voiced by Anatoli Gorokhov. The young musician falls in love with a princess, voiced by Elmira Zherzdeva, and, after some troubles solutions, they run away so that they can continue their love affair.'] ['Sir Scrabble, a resident of a magical town known as Nonsense, follows a boy named Tad and a girl named Terry on the way to a Halloween party. Coming across a pumpkin patch, they stumble upon an enormous pumpkin and land right into the town. There, they discover that the signs nearby have missing or scrambled letters. As it turns out, a nemesis called the Muddler—"Baron of Bad Guys, Count of Confusion, Earl of Errors and King of Chaos" as he is dubbed—has rid the land of all education and vowels. This has greatly oppressed the Scrabble People, a group of youngsters who live there. Sir Scrabble insists on teaching the alphabet to Nonsense\'s residents, but the Muddler imprisons him for that; this satisfies Rotunda, the evil ruler\'s daughter. The towndwellers\' learning and spelling skills, along with a teacher named Lexa—the area\'s only literate resident—come to Sir Scrabble\'s rescue and set him free. They and the human visitors eventually defeat the Muddler, and Nonsense is eventually renamed Makesense. Afterward, Tad, Terry and Mr. Scrabble head over to their party.{{cite news}}'] ['In the late 21st century, Spacely Sprockets and Spindles has opened a new mining colony on an asteroid. The proposed project is meant to produce product at 1/10 the cost of making the items on Earth. However, the factory continues to be sabotaged by someone or something, and as Cosmo Spacely  checks up on the \'Orbiting-Ore Asteroid\' again, the latest head of the factory, Alexander Throttlebottom, has run off, making it four managers of the new plant that Spacely\'s lost so far. Fearing for his company , Spacely names George Jetson  as Throttlebottom\'s successor and sends George and his family to the plant. While the family is thoroughly upset from having to have been thrown from their normal life style , they set up apartments on the adjoining apartment community to the Asteroid and its neighboring shopping complex. While it takes the family time to adjust, Elroy Jetson  meets a robot boy named Teddy-2 , whom he first is at odds with, but eventually befriends. Teddy-2\'s father, Rudy-2 , is the plant engineer and shows George around. Judy Jetson ([[Tiffany , meanwhile, is having a hard time adjusting, and accepting the fact that she lost her chance at a date with rock star Cosmic Cosmo  , but soon feels better after meeting a teenage boy named Apollo Blue . George soon figures he\'s ready to set the plant running again, and Mr. Spacely is all set to see the plant working full-throttle, and soon to churn out the 1,000,000th Spacely Sprocket. However, the opening day festivities give way to panic as the factory is sabotaged once again. Over the next several days, George and Rudy-2 try to fix things, but the problems persist, to the point that Mr. Spacely heads on up to check on things. Thinking he has to take charge, George stays overnight, only to fall asleep and be taken off by the mysterious saboteurs. Elroy, Teddy-2, and their neighbor Fergie Furbelow  sneak into the plant, and meet Squeep , a member of an adorable-looking alien race known as Grungees. Squeep tells them  that the factory is actually drilling into his people\'s community, which is based inside the asteroid. Soon, Jane, Judy, Apollo, Rudy-2, and Astro show up, and realize what is happening as well. George is found hog-tied in the Grungee\'s colony, and soon realizes just what the factory is doing. But Spacely doesn\'t; seeing his factory at a stand-still, he starts it up , nearly burying Elroy and Squeep alive under rubble, and prompting everyone in the asteroid to get top-side, where George manages to shut down the factory, and show his boss exactly what he\'s doing. After some talk, when George finally stands up to his boss, telling him that all he cares about is money, they come to an agreement: the Grungees will run the plant, and create new Spacely Sprockets through recycling old ones . Spacely Sprockets reaches the 1,000,000th sprocket, and when George asks about being vice president, Spacely retorts, stating that "he\'s lucky that he\'ll be getting his old job back". Only when pressured by everyone else does he reluctantly promote him to vice president . George however knows that with the Grungees now running the plant, he is no longer needed as head of the Asteroid and will have to return home. The Jetsons then bid their new friends a tearful goodbye, and head back to their apartment on Earth. As the family passes over the factory, the Grungees arrange themselves to form the words: "THANKS GEORGE," as a final grateful goodbye to George for saving their home.'] ['When the dinosaur families get trapped in a valley by an ice storm, one family of "spiketail" dinosaurs volunteers to leave since they consume more food than the others. Meanwhile, the young dinos and a new adult dinosaur named Mr. Thicknose, a Pachyrhinosaurus, who professes to be a know-it-all, head out to bring back their friend Spike, who has left his friends to be with members of his own species.'] ["The film follows Kasper Jørgensen, a Danish poet in the 1940s who is seeking inspiration. At the suggestion of his psychiatrist, Dr. Mørk, he travels to Norway to meet the famous author Sigrid Undset. However, after arriving in Norway, he meets Ingeborg, a farmer's daughter, and they fall in love. He proposes to her, but discovers that she is already engaged, at her father's wish. She promises not to cut her hair until they are reunited, and Kasper returns to Denmark. Later, Ingeborg's husband dies in an accident, and Ingeborg sends a letter to Kasper. However, it is accidentally dropped by the postman, and never arrives. When Sigrid Undset dies, both Kasper and Ingeborg travel to the funeral; they are reunited, and later marry and live in Copenhagen. As Kasper tells Ingeborg that he loves her long hair, she does not cut it, but when Kasper trips over it and breaks his thumb, she sends for her hairdresser from Norway. On the way, the hairdresser meets a young man on the train, who was also travelling to Copenhagen to meet Kasper, his favourite poet. The two fall in love, and are revealed to be the narrator's parents."] ['In the prologue, a scientist named Tonio is reading a diary which belonged to a famous architect named Godey, his great-grandfather, indicating that two Pokémon between their dimension are fighting, and that the battle could lead to chaos. Those written future events are occurring at that same moment as Palkia, who can distort space and Dialga, who rules over time are brawling, which causes the hourglass in Tonio\'s lab to fall and shatter. Ash, Brock, and Dawn are headed to Alamos Town for the next Pokémon contest. However, they realize that Alamos is in the middle of a small lake. Tired, they are greeted by Alice and her Chimchar from Alamos who offer them a hot air balloon ride. Brock falls for her and his Croagunk Jabs him. Alice is a tour guide as well as a music student who plays the leaf whistle. On their way, the battle between the dimensions continues and causes a massive air current shockwave. Alice then offers a tour of the town. Later on, Alice brings them to a garden in which many Pokémon reside in peace and where Alice played at as a little girl. Ash, Brock, and Dawn let all their Pokémon free and they run off to do their own things, which then later goes from happiness to chaos. Once the Pokémon begin to quarrel, along with the garden Pokémon present, Alice calms them down playing a soothing song using the leaf whistle, later on revealing that she had learned the song from her grandmother . Shortly after a Gallade hops right into the scene. Alice indicates that Gallade senses something wrong and thus, the Gallade requests Ash and the rest of them to follow him. The trio recalls their Pokémon and they pursuit the Gallade, ending up at a small temple with some of its pillars damaged. A man named Baron Alberto walks out of the tunnel, claiming that was the work of Darkrai. The name Darkrai puzzles Ash and Dawn, but Brock mentions that Darkrai is a Pokémon who causes nightmares. Everyone hears a noise from a bush nearby and Baron orders his Lickilicky to fire a Hyper Beam attack into the bush. However, the victim was Tonio who screams and limps out of the bush. Alice quickly hurries to Tonio\'s pain. Tonio is introduced to Ash, Brock, and Dawn. Baron soon flirts with Alice stating that she is to be his wife. Brock is deeply shocked as well as the rest of them. Alice rejects and runs to Tonio claiming that she likes him. Tonio blushes and tries not to deny anything. Not too long after, Darkrai appears in the garden growling "Go away!" Everyone assumes Darkrai is directing to them. Ignoring Darkrai, Baron orders Lickilicky to attack the Dark Pokémon, which misses while Darkrai fires a Dark Void at his enemy. Baron\'s Lickilicky dodges the attack and the orb of dark impales Ash, instantly knocking him out to sleep and subsequently, trapping him in a nightmare. The nightmare shows Palkia moving up to Ash and then goes to attack him. This delivers Ash to a part of the garden. After learning the dream is Darkrai\'s doing and Darkrai appears in front of him, Ash reaches for a Poké Ball and tosses it, but it vanishes into thin air. Then, Darkrai disappears to reveal Pikachu, who is about to get devoured by a vacuum hole. Ash dives into the hole to rescue Pikachu. Having failed, he and his Pikachu drop into a neverending fall. He is then awakened by Pikachu\'s Thunderbolt at the Pokémon Center. At night, Tonio tries to find more information in which he succeeds. He reads that Darkrai had opened his heart to Alice\'s grandmother years ago and remains in the garden since then, with Godey witnessing a little bit on the side as she plays the leaf whistle. Meanwhile, Baron meets three TV people who are actually Team Rocket who decide to film Baron as he takes on Darkrai. The next morning, Ash, Brock, and Dawn visit the Space-Time Towers in town, meeting Tonio there with some news. They climb to the top to be introduced to a massive instrument which plays music by the hour. As Ash and the rest of the group leave the Space-Time Towers, a hole blasts out in the middle of the sky just above the towers which then cools off. A massive shockwave has purged through the entire town and Tonio decides to study the sudden outburst. Afterwards, Darkrai reappears in the courtyard while Ash and company  engage in combat with it. Darkrai is outraged and fires multiple loads of Dark Void orbs, placing many Pokémon in the town square into nightmares. Back at Tonio\'s lab after some intensive research, he finds that the sudden outburst was when the legendary Palkia had entered their dimension, but he did not know why. Ash and Baron chase Darkrai into a dark alley where the Dark Pokémon scores a direct hit on Baron\'s Lickilicky, causing it to doze off. Just then, Baron is turned into a Lickilicky himself . With that occurring, floating ghost-like images of the sleeping Pokémon floated all around town, some passing through walls, causing the situation to grow quite strange. After all the Pokémon are at the Pokémon center, Alamos Town is completely covered in a massive fog which can not be cleared off and causes anything which attempts to leave the town to be reversibly entering the town, resulting in no possible escape. Baron still believes that it was still Darkrai who had caused all this. All the trainers follow Baron to confront Darkrai, but Ash, Brock, and Dawn do not go along listening to Tonio, who doesn\'t believe Darkrai is up to this. He believes Darkrai is good since he had saved Alice in their childhood. It is revealed that the two of them were playing in the garden when Alice tripped off the cliff and fell. Tonio ran to her  but a silhouette of Darkrai zipped out and caught Alice just before disappearing. Hearing that, the trio now agree that it was not Darkrai who caused the havoc. Tonio explains that the distortion caused from the spiritual images of the sleeping Pokémon was caused by an multidimensional disturbance from when Palkia entered the realm. Later that evening, Tonio finds Palkia resting between the towers. Darkrai, who was fighting Baron, instead tries to attack the resting Palkia. Ash then realizes that was what Darkrai was trying to tell him in his nightmare, that the two legendary Pokémon are waging war. As Palkia and Darkrai battle, Palkia switches the town back into its battle dimension . But as Palkia is about to hit Darkrai with one of its attacks, Dialga opens fire on the two and immediately runs into Palkia, thus continuing it. As they brawl, the entire town is going to dissipate into nothing . Darkrai constantly tries to fend them off as the town evacuates into the garden. After Tonio reads a passage from Godey\'s diary, Alice hears the word "Oración" which means Prayer in Spanish and that is the name of the song she plays on the leaf whistle. Tonio indicates that "Oración is the song that could soothe even the fiercest rage". They realize that they must play Oración on the towers\' musical instrument to stop Dialga and Palkia from their feud. After finding the music disc, Ash, Dawn, Alice and Tonio begin to head up the tower by balloon as Brock helps Nurse Joy evacuate the townspeople. On their way up, Dialga fires its Roar of Time while Palkia stands in between the balloon and Dialga. Palkia dodges the attack, leaving the beam to crossfire with the balloon. Darkrai instantly comes to the rescue and takes the massive blow from Dialga. However, in the process Palkia and Dialga fly by the balloon, causing heavy damage, and leaving Ash and Dawn to travel up by foot which will slow them down. Dialga and Palkia continue their confrontation and now they are going to deal the final blow. Dialga is charging its Roar of Time while Palkia charges it\'s Spacial Rend. When both the legendary Pokémon discharge their attacks, Darkrai crosses the attacks\' line and forms a sphere around him to block the attacks, engulfing and immobillizing Dialga and Palkia in the process. Baron, who had already turned back to himself due to the Pokémon awakening, then finally believes Darkrai is not the foe. As Ash and Dawn make their way up the tower, they watch as Darkrai\'s sphere gets weaker and eventually shrinks, causing Dialga and Palkia to break free. The dragons, fed up with the Dark Pokémon intervening with their battle, both shoot Darkrai from both sides. Having almost no armor or the energy left, he bravely takes the destructive blow and disintegrates as he floats up into the air. Everyone looks on with the fear that now that Darkrai had perished, they too would suffer the same fate in the next moment. Tonio then mentions that if the dragons\' signature moves collide once more, their dimension will be completely destroyed. Ash and Dawn then end up running to the musical instrument, only to find that the electrical power source is down . Ash\'s Pikachu uses Thunderbolt fully and Dawn\'s Pachirisu uses Discharge to get the machine running. The song plays loud throughout the small section of what\'s left of the town. The song successfully calms the dragons down, Dialga flies away and Palkia restores everything back, returning Alamos Town to how it originally was along with the townspeople and the Pokémon living in the garden. At dusk, Ash, Dawn, Brock, Alice and Tonio thank Darkrai and respect everything that he had done for them. A tear of condolence and thanks for Darkrai drips down Alice\'s face. Ash and Dawn began to cry, both believing they would probably never see Darkrai again. As they walk away, Ash stops as he sees a shadow on the cliffside. He along with everyone else looks back at the cliff. Later on the Space-Time Towers, they find Darkrai standing heroically on top. Everyone is relieved that he is safe and Alice cuddles next to Tonio as they look onto Darkrai who then glares with a lit up eye, as the film quickly fades. In the end credits, it shows the aftermath occurring after everything, such as the Pokémon contest which Dawn competes in. Not too long after, it shows Dialga hovering towards its next destination awaiting a battle, which will start the next adventure Ash, Dawn and Brock will face.'] ['The cartoon revolves around three different storylines that all take place on a frozen lake during wintertime. In the first, Mickey helps Minnie learn how to skate. The second storyline has Goofy attempting to catch fish by dropping tobacco into the water and making the fish come up to spit. Donald pulls a prank on Pluto by putting ice skates on his feet and luring him out onto the ice in the third one. The subplots come together when Donald skates around with a kite on his back. The wind kicks up and sends him flying over the waterfall. Mickey hears his cries for help and saves him by pulling on the yarns of his sweater. Donald ends landing right where Goofy is fishing.'] ["Laura is seven year old country girl, who's just moved along with her family to a big city. On her first night in her new neighborhood, she sees a shooting star falling to earth, she finds it in a park and discovers it is a living being, . Taking it back home , she and her younger brother Tommy discover the little star has special powers and can do amazing things like making people fly and bringing inanimate objects to life. But over time both notice that the longer the star stays on earth, the weaker it becomes , with their next door neighbor Max they find a way to send the little star back into outer space."] ['In the legendary past, before Poké Balls were made, an aura-guiding hero Pokémon named Lucario sensed two armies about to clash at Cameron Palace in Kanto. He told his master, Sir Aaron, while he was being attacked by a group of Houndoom. During the battle, Lucario was blinded, and he used his Aura Sphere to eliminate the Houndoom. The Queen of Cameron, Lady Rin, decided to die with her people, and so Aaron got on his Pidgeot and traveled to the Tree of Beginning, but they were attacked by a rival group of Skarmory. Later, Lucario arrived by sensing his master’s Aura. Sir Aaron forbade Lucario from calling him “Master” anymore and admitted he has abandoned the Queen. He then swore never to return and headed to the Tree of Beginning. Lucario tried to go with him, but Aaron sealed Lucario in his staff. Pidgeot visited the queen with only Sir Aaron’s staff, and the queen realized that Sir Aaron sacrificed himself by using his own aura to stop the war. Many years later, Ash, Pikachu, Brock, May and Max arrive at Cameron Palace to celebrate the life of Sir Aaron. Ash competes in the Pokémon competition, and wins against a trainer named Kidd and her Weavile. That night there is a royal ball, and Ash is rewarded with the Hero\'s Chair and the privilege to hold Sir Aaron\'s staff. Team Rocket join the dance too, but Meowth runs off to follow Kidd, who reveals herself as an Agent seeking to capture a Mew. The Pokémon run off into the attic to play. However, Kidd\'s two Weavile attack when Mew joins in. Mew teleports away with Pikachu and Meowth, and Max finds out what happened. In the ballroom, Ash watches fireworks, unaware of what is happening to the Pokémon. Suddenly, Lucario is freed from the staff probably because of Ash having a resemblance to Sir Aaron\'s aura. Lucario was confused of what has happened since the time he was sealed and seek to search for answers. Max informs the rest of the group that Pikachu and Meowth have been taken; Team Rocket overhear him. Lady Ilene, the current queen, says Mew has a tradition of showing up at the palace and taking toys to its home at the Tree of Beginning. Ash and the rest  head off to the Tree of Beginning with the help of Lucario . On their journey, they find a Time Flower  and meet a Bonsly which hitches a ride with the team. That night, Ash recalls how much he and Pikachu have been through, like in the first episode when a flock of Spearow attacked him and Pikachu leaped in and shocked them to the ground. Lucario scoffs at that story, saying humans can never be trusted. Ash gets mad and tackles Lucario, but ends up losing in the brawl, upsetting Lucario far more. Max tries to cheer the Pokémon up with chocolate. The next morning, Lucario encounters the same area where he was sealed in the staff. A Time Flower reveals Sir Aaron trapped his servant and ran off, making everyone believe Lucario in his point of view of the so-called legend. Ash apologizes to Lucario for his behavior last night and begins to cry; Lucario asks Ash to promise that he will not desert Pikachu. At that moment, Regirock attacks, and everyone runs into the Tree of Beginning. Ash and Lucario split up with May, Max, Brock, and Kidd. Ash ends up getting attacked by Regice, so he and Lucario decide to backtrack. Meanwhile, everyone else is attacked by Registeel, and antibodies produced by the trees are devouring human as if they were a disease. Kidd is the only one who survives. Ash finally reunites with Pikachu and meets up with Meowth and Kidd. Kidd tells Ash that his friends have been swallowed by the giant cells. Soon, Ash and Kidd get eaten up, while Registeel stops Lucario from saving them. All of Ash\'s Pokémon, even Pikachu, cry over their trainers\' deaths. However, Mew decides to talk with the tree, using its powers, and brings everyone back. Mew, after its performance, becomes ill. Finding that the Tree is dying due to its immune system going into shock, Ash, Kidd, Mew, and Lucario run into the heart of the Tree. They find Sir Aaron in suspended animation, and a Time Flower showing that the legend was true. Ash uses Sir Aaron\'s gloves to help squeeze out his own aura to restore the tree, with Lucario\'s help, both knowing they will die in the process. As the aura sphere gets larger and much more powerful, Lucario knocks Ash back and demands to finish the rest. The tree is restored, and Mew is also restored back to health, but Lucario only has little time left. A Time flower is found once again showing Sir Aaron saying goodbye to Lucario as he dies, and sharing that Lucario was more than his pupil, he was his closest friend, and that he hopes to meet Lucario again someday. Lucario begins to cry seeing his master\'s final image, saying to himself that he failed his master. Ash holds Lucario\'s paws and says that he proved to be as good a Guardian of Aura as Sir Aaron. Lucario then dies, thanking Ash for encouragement, and goes to see his friend. Ash and Kidd meet May, Brock, and Max outside, who realize Lucario is not with them. Brock mentions it is hard to believe Lucario is gone, but Ash says, "He isn\'t gone... his aura is with me". In the credits sequence, it is shown that Ash and co. return to the palace and are rewarded by Lady Ilene; Lucario and Sir Aaron share a chocolate bar in their distant place after death; Kidd leaves and meets with Butler and Diane from a previous film; and Ash and his friends continue their journey.'] ["{{plot}} The young d'Artagnan wants to be a musketeer and for this he travels the long way to the city of Paris in France, where he will enter the same academy for musketeers that his father had attended. On his way to Paris, however, he meets up with Monsieur Rochefort. D'Artagnan does not know that his rivalry with Monsieur Rochefort will get him involved in a battle against the evil plot thought up by Cardinal Richelieu against the king and queen of France. When Cardinal Richelieu discovers that the queen had sent valuable diamonds to the Duke of Buckingham in England, a country enemy of France, the cardinal uses the information to blackmail the queen and create a difficult situation between her and King Louis, who now believes his wife to be in love with the Duke of Buckingham. Nobody knows that the diamonds are in possession of an old woman, Milady, who had stolen the diamonds from the duke and had brought them for Rochefort so that they would be nowhere to be found; Rochefort allows her to hold on to the diamonds in order to ensure this. Shortly after entering the academy of musketeers, d'Artagnan meets three of the finest among them, Porthos, Athos and Aramis. Though their first meeting had not gone well and had led to the challenging of several duels, the four of them become fine friends shortly after, since all four fight against the Cardinal's soldiers. When searching for lodging in Paris, d'Artagnan meets the lovely Constance Bonacieux, a good friend of the queen. Cardinal Richelieu orders all of the queen's closest friends to be arrested so that no one will be able to defend her once King Louis decides to have her beheaded. D'Artagnan defends Constance when a group of soldiers try to insolently have her arrested and then takes her to the safety of the queen. Constance trusts the queen and when she learns of the awful accusation that's been laid upon her, the woman asks of d'Artagnan to travel to England and fetch the Duke of Buckingham, the only one who may now save the queen. D'Artagnan, now in love with Constance but not fully trusting of the queen, gathers his three friends, the three musketeers and all of them travel to England together. There, they meet the Duke of Buckingham, as well as Milady, who confesses the crime of theft she is committed and attempts to murder the duke, believing he is in love with the queen of France instead of her. The five of them, D'Artagnan, the duke and the three musketeers, return to France just as the queen is being led to the guillotine. King Louis begs his wife to lie to him, to tell him that she did not send the diamonds out for the Duke of Buckingham, even if she did, but the queen refuses. When the cardinal and the soldiers discover the presence of the duke, they fear for the safety of the king and attack the five men. As d'Artagnan comes close to finishing off Rochefort, the Cardinal calls everyone to stop, for the King himself does not wish Rochefort to be harmed. The Duke of Buckingham then bows before King Louis and explains to him that he is in reality the brother of his wife, not the lover. The queen explains that she and her brother had been separated and that she had been sent to France. She had sent the diamonds to the Duke to prevent him from being locked up when he was left almost penniless and when difficulties had begun between France and England. She had had to remain silent, for she could not reveal she was sister to the duke of a land enemy to her own. King Louie then apologizes to his wife for doubting her, befriends the Duke of Buckingham, declares peace between their two countries and finally declares d'Artagnian as an official musketeer in his service."] [' The special is the story of Bardock, a so-called low-level soldier in Frieza\'s armed forces. At the outset of the story, his son, Kakarot, is born on Planet Vegeta, and is being prepared to be sent to a "frontier planet"  in order to destroy all life on the planet. Meanwhile, Bardock and his crew are on an assignment to exterminate all the lifeforms of Planet Kanassa. After the planet is seemingly devoid of all other life, Bardock and crew rest up and celebrate their victory until one remaining Kanassan warrior catches him off guard and decides to give him the "gift" of seeing the future, before being destroyed by Bardock. This gives him the ability to see the destruction of Planet Vegeta, and the oppression of the entire universe at the hands of Frieza. Bardock dismisses the visions, and goes to join his team on Planet Meat, but soon discovers his friends are all dead. He then briefly talks with the nearly deceased Tora, who tells him that Frieza ordered the attack on the crew, saying that Frieza was frightened by the growing power of the Saiyans. Horrified and then furious by his fallen comrade\'s words, he takes Tora\'s blood-soaked armband and wraps it around his head. He battles the ones responsible, and defeats them all, but is easily overwhelmed by a single mouth blast from Frieza\'s henchman Dodoria. He is left severely injured, but manages to return back to Planet Vegeta. Bardock now realizes Frieza intends to destroy the entire Saiyan race by annihilating their homeworld. Unfortunately, he is unable to convince the others of the approaching peril and, with no other choice, decides to confront Frieza himself. After penetrating Frieza\'s armed guard, Bardock sends a large energy blast at the tyrant himself, expecting a sure victory. However, Frieza counters this with his "Supernova" technique, which destroys Bardock, many of his own guards, and the Planet Vegeta itself. As he is dying, Bardock sees one more vision of the future: his son Kakarot facing Frieza. Being assured that Kakarot will be the one to defeat Frieza, Bardock gives a small smile as he disintegrates along with the planet. Bardock, after his death, telepathically tells his son Kakarot in the space pod to avenge the Saiyans, to which Kakarot wakes up. Elsewhere, Vegeta, having just completed an assignment on a far-off world, is informed by Nappa  of his homeworld\'s destruction, and that Frieza claims that the planet was destroyed by a huge meteor. Vegeta\'s pride keeps him from expressing his shock, and he remains outwardly emotionless. Soon afterward, Kakarot\'s space pod touches down on Earth, where he is found by an elder man named Gohan, gets amnesia by hitting his head causing him to lose his instincts then giggles happily in the old man\'s arms. Gohan then decides to adopt the boy as his own grandson, and gives him a new name, the name he will go by when he defeats Frieza-Goku.'] ["In the movie, the Z-Fighters face a new threat that starts with the burning of a forest, in which Gohan and Krillin rescue the forest animals and a small dragon named Icarus. Although they are able to restore the forest to its normal state with the Dragon Balls, Icarus doesn't return and stays with Gohan, much to Chi-Chi's fury. Goku then shows a nearby cave to let Gohan keep the dragon with him. Later, the Earth is visited by an unfriendly group of aliens under the leadership of a Saiyan. Upon arriving, they plant a seed which grows the Tree of Might, a plant that sucks the life of the planet on which it was planted and leaves it a desert. At King Kai's request, Goku, Krillin, Yamcha, Tien and Chiaotzu investigate and try to destroy the Tree, but are unsuccessful. They are then confronted by the aliens whilst their leader watches from inside the spaceship. Eventually, Krillin, Yamcha, Tien and Chiaotzu are defeated by the aliens, with only Goku remaining as the one who can hold his own against them. During the ensuing battle, Chiaotzu is rescued by Gohan, who had just arrived, and demonstrates his incredible fighting skills by easily taking out the two identical aliens. He is then encountered by the aliens' leader Turles, a Saiyan who bears a striking resemblance to Goku. Turles gives Gohan a choice to either join him or die. Gohan refuses to join Turles, and is saved in time thanks to the arrival of Piccolo. However, Turles defeats the both of them and creates an artificial moon, turning Gohan into a Great Ape and sets him on Goku, who is almost crushed to death in Gohan's hand until Icarus arrives and calms Gohan down. But when Turles attacks Icarus, Gohan is angered and turns on Turles, who fires an attack at Gohan. Before the attack can make contact, Goku manages to cut his son's tail off and restore him to normal. Cradling the little one in his arms, Goku threatens Turles. Angry and impressed at the same time, Turles sets his henchmen on Goku, who uses the Kaioken attack and makes quick work of them while Piccolo unsuccessfully fights Turles again. Goku and Turles then fight, with Goku having the upper hand, until Turles pushes his power further by eating a fruit from the Tree of Might. With his new power, Turles dominates Goku and beats him to the point that he is no longer able to fight, even with the use of the Kaioken x10 . Slowly recovering while Turles is distracted by the rest of the Z-Fighters, whom he brutally dispatches, Goku decides to use his Spirit Bomb. Despite gaining energy from the living, he is not able to attack Turles as he counterattacks with a blast of his own, neutralizing Goku's Spirit Bomb. Unable to gather more energy from living beings, Goku decides to steal energy from inside the Tree of Might itself. Eventually successful in creating the Spirit Bomb, Goku sees his opportunity, and fires it straight into Turles, who is carried up the trunk of the Tree of Might and destroyed along with the Tree when the Spirit Bomb explodes. With the terror now over, the Z-Fighters return to their normal lives once again.  Some believe that the movie is set during the time the Z Fighters train in preparation for the androids; all the Z Fighters are alive, with Yamcha's gi back having the King Kai symbol to support that they were killed during the Saiyan Saga and resurrected at the end of the Namek Arc. Goku is also able to increase his Kiaoken up to 10x which wasn't possible until he got to planet Namek to defeat Frieza. However, Goku does not turn Super Saiyan when it was needed even though when he returned to Earth after defeating Frieza he was able to turn into a Super Saiyan in front of Trunks, and Gohan does not know Icarus who had already appeared in the Garlic Jr. Saga. Yamcha's hair is longer than it was during the Trunks Saga, Vegeta does not show up, and Lakasei mentions that with the fruit of the tree they would have been able to defeat Frieza although Frieza is already dead . Some Dragon Ball Z sites say that Turles had somehow gotten his hands on the Tree of Might seeds, and was planting them on other planets before Earth and had been eating the fruit from the Tree for quite some time, just on different worlds. Earth is full of life, which is why he seeks out Earth, to gain more power than ever from a fruit from the tree that was planted on Earth. This is never explained fully, however. His overwhelming power over Goku could also be explained by the ability of saiyans to become much stronger after being beaten to near-death . Another notable aspect of the movie is that Gohan's haircut was the same as just before he left for Namek. Anime movies, and the Dragonball Z movies in particular have an infamous habit of disregarding plot elements from the main series, it is likely that this movie was intended to take place some time before the Namek Saga mainly due to the absence of Goku's super saiyan transformation, however there are far too many inconsistencies to firmly place it at any specific time. It is possible that that character design inconsistencies are due to Toei Animation using their more recent work as reference and it shouldn't be held in high regard. Another common assumption for this film, like with the others in the movie series that suffer the same continuity problems, is that the story simply takes place in an alternate universe.  Turles  is the featured supervillain in Dragon Ball Z: The Tree of Might. He is an upper class Saiyan with somewhat grey skin and bears a striking resemblance to Goku, and can be considered an alternate version of Goku if he had never found peace on Earth, however, his in-universe story has varied from dub to dub. In some dub their resemblance to each other is because when it came to identifying the lower class breed of saiyans many of them would look alike , yet, on others dub, Turles is simply the long lost twin brother of Goku sent on a mission like Goku was before the fall of the saiyan planet by the hands of Frieza. He roamed the universe under the planet trade organization, but went defunct after discovering the Tree of Might seeds, which are capable of taking away the planets energy to supply power to the fruit it grows, able to enhance ones own strength exponentially. He quickly assembled the Turles Crusher Corps, a band of rebels who had terrorized several planets before, and began to conquer planets for himself before along with his squad of henchmen, make their way toward Earth to check up on the Saiyan, Kakarot . Upon arriving on Earth, he planned to plant the seed of the Tree of Might, but finds resistance from the Z Fighters. While fighting Goku, Turles eats one of the fruits and he greatly overpowers him gaining the upper hand, even able to destroy a Spirit Bomb. With the planets energy slowly deteriorating, Goku creates another Spirit Bomb from the immense energy of the Tree of Might and uses this to kill Turles and destroy the tree. In Tenkaichi 2 and 3 he is given an exclusive Oozaru form for the game. Turles is voiced by Masako Nozawa, Ted Cole in the Ocean Group English dub, Chris Patton in Funimation English dub."] ['Every year, as the warm season approaches, a certain tree in the Great Valley blooms with pink flowers. Because of the tastiness of these "treesweets", every dinosaur in the valley wants his/her fair share of it. However, because of this tastiness , there is hardly enough for everyone. Because of this, none may eat any of the treesweets until the day they "reach the peak of their tastiness". As the film begins, Littlefoot and his friends Ducky, Petrie and Spike are eagerly waiting to nibble the first treesweets. Ducky is about to take one, but Littlefoot quickly tells her to stop and reminds them all that none may take any treesweets until "Nibbling Day". This however, doesn\'t stop Petrie from flying to the tree\'s crown and trying to take one. Just then, Cera\'s father emerges and states very clearly how every dinosaur in the valley has waited a long time to taste the treesweets. As Cera, too, appears before them, she reminds them that she is the one who is supposed to get the first treesweet because she was the one who found the treesweet-tree in the first place, although it was indeed Littlefoot who did it. Cera also teases Littlefoot for being too little to actually reach the treesweets. Meanwhile, Cera\'s father is visited by an old friend—a female threehorn named Tria – whom, it seems, he used to have a crush on. She also reveals his name to be Topsy . After speaking a while with her, he promises Tria that she will get the first treesweet of the season; which Cera, who appears just in time to hear him say this, becomes very upset about. From that moment on, Cera refuses to make friends with Tria and simply shrugs her off whenever she tries to talk to her. In addition, Cera will turn violent towards her friends should they make any references involving Tria . Littlefoot, meanwhile, goes off by himself, feeling very down about how "little" he is. As he returns to the treesweet tree, he climbs up the cliff right next to it and tries to reach the treesweets by himself. As he does, he accidentally falls right through the tree and knocks down every single treesweet. Realizing the trouble he is now in, he faints. As he wakes up, he finds himself surrounded by several miniature longnecks. They have eaten all the treesweets and quickly run away once the shocked Littlefoot starts screaming out of fear. Upon noticing that every treesweet is gone, all the dinosaurs in the valley are standing in front of the tree; many of them, including Topsy, suspecting Littlefoot to be the guilty party. Littlefoot, afraid to admit it was his fault that the treesweets fell off the tree, blames everything on the tiny longnecks. At first, no one believes him, but when they see evidence of tiny teeth marks on a tree sweet, he is believed and everyone starts looking for the tiny longnecks, preparing to drive them out of the valley once they have been found. As Littlefoot and Cera are searching the valley, Littlefoot falls down a pothole in the ground where, it turns out, the tiny longnecks are hiding in. First being afraid of them, Littlefoot flees deeper into the cave; but soon enough, he finds out that the tiny longnecks are not as bad as he thought and befriends them. Upon hearing how difficult it is for the tinysauruses to find food, he promises to help bring them as many treestars as he can every night. Eventually, Littlefoot feels ready to tell his friends about the colony of tiny longnecks living in the underground caverns. They all get to see the tiny longnecks for themselves, and promises not to tell the adults. Even Cera, who is still angry with her father, promises to keep it secret, mainly because she finds out that she can relate more to them than she would\'ve imagined. Many of the tinysauruses in the colony feel that their leader, Big Daddy, bosses them around a bit too much, though he simply wants their best. As to the reason that he doesn\'t trust the "bigger" dinosaurs is that they, in his opinion, only seem to think: "Because they\'re bigger, it makes them more important". When sneaking off to see the tinysauruses again, Littlefoot and his friends are busted by Topsy. But when he tries to ask them why they are out so late at night, Cera angrily throws the question back at him. Topsy, not wanting Cera to find out about him and Tria, manages to see them off. Just as Tria comes up to him, they spot one of the tiny longnecks. A chase ensues which eventually reveals their hideout. As the grown-ups prepare to block the caverns; Littlefoot, realizing that he must tell the truth, admits that it was his fault that the treesweets are gone, and not the tiny longnecks\'. However, just as he\'s finished, the tinysauruses\' cavern collapses, trapping the tinysauruses inside. The tinysauruses escape. The tinysauruses run into two Sharpteeth that chase them and find their way into The Great Valley. Meanwhile, Littlefoot\'s friends are mad at him. They later try to apologize to him for being angry. However, they mistake the Sharpteeth for Littlefoot. The two carnivores lunge at them, causing a chase. Littlefoot shows up just at the right time and saves Ducky just as she was about to get eaten. When all seems lost, the tinysauruses show up and fight the Sharpteeth. The grown-ups of the Great Valley then show up and drive the sharpteeth back into The Mysterious Beyond through a hole. Then they cover up the hole with a large boulder. Nibbling Day finally comes at last. Everyone eats, parties, and acts merry. The film ends with Petrie clutching a treesweet.'] ["The film opens with a man named Dr. Carver trying to generate a super Gnome Warrior, but it disintegrates. It then turns to Penny Proud, who is celebrating her 16th birthday, and fails her driver's ed. She and her friends are excited to be a part of 15 Cent's  dance group, Spare Change. When 15 Cent drives her home, Oscar Proud, her overprotective father, gets mad when he finds them kissing. After Oscar grounds her, Penny resents him as her father. Oscar creates a everlasting multiplying formula that was supposed to make his Proud Snacks tastier, but it instead causes the snack to expand and explode. As he is hauled away from his presentation, he proclaims that his formula has no expiration date. Dr. Carver, the great-great-grandson of George Washington Carver, overhears Oscar's ranting. Carver has been trying to create an army of humanoid peanut warriors, but has never gotten his formula stabilized and plots to get Oscar's. Disguising himself, Carver invites the Proud family to Legume Island. Trudy forces Oscar, Sugar Mama, and Penny to go in hopes they will re-bond. The Prouds meet the inhabitants of the island, short peanut creatures called the Genomes. Carver tries to negotiate obtaining the formula from Oscar. When Oscar refuses, Carver reveals the evil peanut clones of his family from DNA snatched from them while they were partying. Oscar runs away and tries explaining to his family, but they don't believe him. The clones get a mix-up when the real Penny comes with them back to the mainland to search for the formula; Penny's clone remains with the original family. Penny soon enjoy the free life which the clones allowed her, but tires of it very quickly. She also discovers that Cashew, a Genome she befriended earlier on the island, had stowed away; he wanted to see what it was like to have a 'real family. He also reveals to her the true nature of the clones. At that moment, Wally leads the Prouds and the Penny clone on a perilous journey to the other side of the island, where he claims there is someone who can answer their questions. Along the way, the Penny clone proves to be the kind of daughter Oscar desires – obedient. When they meet the person Wally wanted them to meet, he turns out to be the real Dr. Carver. Dr. Carver explains that he created a clone of himself out of a peanut. Unfortunately, the clone went sizzling crisp in the sun one day and turned to evil. Donning a disguise of his original form, the clone took over the island and the Genomes and began using Carver's peanut research for evil. Oscar realizes his formula is the key and tells the family he had left it in a locket for Penny's birthday, which she opened back home. Her clone informs the other clones, who take the formula. Penny and Cashew gather her friends to go back to Lagoom Island and rescue their family. They steal 15 Cent's yacht to get there, but Penny accidentally sinks it. Unfortunately, the Carver clone has already prepared to leave to take over the world with his Supergenomes. The clones attack Penny and her friends and family, but she convinces the Oscar clone to help - by bribing him with hot dogs, which he had become obsessed with earlier in the film - and he defeats the rest of the clones. Seeing the Carver clone making his getaway, the original Dr. Carver reveals a possible solution - a container of gas that could instantly turn solid peanuts into peanut butter. Penny takes the gas, boards the clone's airship, and battles him with help from Oscar, who para-sails up using one of Sugar Mama's giant underwear. Just as Penny is on the verge of releasing the gas, Dr. Carver offers her to join him and live a free life, without rules or responsibilities. However, Penny retorts that, even though they aren't the perfect one, her family is who she cares about and unleashes the gas, foiling the clone's plot and destroying the army. The clone, having only been hit slightly by the gas, turns back into a peanut and falls into the ocean. Oscar then gives Penny her birthday necklace, stating that he now knows she's mature enough that she is ready to make her own decisions. Penny and Oscar make up on national TV. 15 Cent has Penny and her friends sing instead of acting as his back-up dancers and the crowd loves them. On Legume Island, the real Carver and his peanut people along with the proud clones listen as a radio announcer says that Penny and her friends song has been popular for five weeks  in a row. In an extended ending, the scene fast-forwards three days later where Cashew is now part of the Proud Family, Penny is receiving her driver's license and, unfortunately, she helps Oscar by driving through town advertising his new drink Pork-Nut-o-Rade, but Puff drank it back home earlier, turning him into a monster. He chases them around the world up to China, until Suga Mama, who also drank the concoction, takes him home."] ['The animated short follows a six year old child as he runs through the woods, and begins a monologue about his previous life as a tree. He explains graphically what a tree feels when it is chopped down.'] [" The story behind this short film revolves around the Pichu brothers as they attempt to find a train back to the big city. Along the way, they are helped by seven of Ash Ketchum's and Misty's Pokémon  and a Wynaut. Meanwhile, Meowth and Wobbuffet are hiking in the back country, but their journey continuously goes wrong and their paths intertwines with the others. Along the way, the Pokémon sit around a campfire, where the older Pichu brother, along with Wynaut, scare the younger brother with the help of a Duskull. They also encounter a Volbeat, who guides them to a mill where they can stay the night.  The main film's setting is in the water-themed Johto city of Altomare , based on cities such as Venice, Italy and Amsterdam, Netherlands. The city is watched over by two legendary Pokémon, Latias and Latios. The story behind the two involves an evil Pokémon Trainer using a Kabutops and an Aerodactyl to terrorize the citizens, until the original Latios came to the city, using his powers to drown the evil Pokémon and turning the streets into canals. However, Latios died and his children were left orphans. His soul is within a special jewel, the Soul Dew. The Soul Dew is sought by Annie and Oakley, two members of Team Rocket. The Soul Dew acts as a key for activating the Defense Mechanism of Altomare, a special device built in case of disaster. Meanwhile, Ash Ketchum, Misty, and Brock are visiting Altomare on their travels. Ash and Misty participate in the Tour de Altomare, a water chariot race. Misty wins, after Ash takes a wrong turn due to an invisible Latias and Latios. Ross, the former champion of the race gives the friends a tour of the city in his gondola and tells them of the city's guardians. Annie and Oakley follow Latias, disguised as a human girl named Bianca. Latias is saved by Ash and Pikachu. Team Rocket are also in the city and decide to follow Annie and Oakley. The trio later visit Lorenzo, the curator of a local museum, who explains the city's history and also introduces them to the Defence Mechanism of Altomare . Ash pursues Bianca, and then Latias in disguise, across the city, eventually discovering a hidden garden where Latias and Latios live. When Latios and Bianca threaten to force Ash out, Lorenzo arrives to clear up all the tension. Latias and Latios play with Ash and Pikachu, and later Lorenzo reveals to Ash the Soul Dew. However, Annie and Oakley's spy robot is watching this and later the duo steal the Soul Dew and capture Latios - using both to control the DMA. Latias flees to Ash for help, and later the two and Pikachu race across the gridlocked city to the museum. Using the DMA, Oakley locks down the city and revives the dead Pokémon to capture Latias. After a long chase through the city, Ash and Latias cause the undead Aerodactyl to crash into a building, and are saved from the Kabutops by their friends' Pokémon. The heroes arrive at the museum to find the DMA going berserk and Latios seriously injured. After freeing Latios, the Soul Dew fades and turns black, causing the DMA to shut down. When Annie tries to get the Soul Dew, it disappears and the city's water becomes a giant tsunami. Latios and Latias use their psychic powers to stop the tsunami, but Latios sacrifices himself in the process. The water returns to the city, washing away Team Rocket in the process. The undead Pokémon return to their fossil states, and Annie and Oakley get trapped inside the DMA. Latios becomes a new Soul Dew and is placed as the new guardian of Altomare. Ash, Misty, and Brock head off to leave Altomare, but Latias  stops them before they leave and hands Ash a drawing of him and Pikachu, giving Ash a kiss on the cheek before disappearing. As the group leave on a boat, they see two Latios and a Latias in the air. Annie and Oakley are sent to jail, where they examine the possessions of Lawrence III."] ['{{Plot}} The cartoon opens with Jerry and Nibbles asleep in their beds. Jerry wakes up and looks at his calendar, and seeing it\'s the Fourth of July, wakes up Nibbles. He instantly brings out the fireworks, but Jerry stuffs them back into the shed and impresses the daily quotation on his protege: Make it safe and sane. Jerry and Nibbles then go outside and enjoy their holiday with noisemakers with Jerry showing him it\'s still the Fourth of July without fireworks. before Nibbles  lights a firework from his diaper. Jerry grabs it away and then fails to throw it before it explodes on him. Jerry then holds out his hand as if to say, "Give me the rest of them." Nibbles hands him another tiny firework from his diaper and smiles before dashing away. Seeing through this, Jerry then picks up Nibbles and turns him upside down, and he finds that Nibbles had a sizable amount of fireworks hidden in his diaper. As punishment, Jerry makes him stand in the corner, but no sooner does Jerry leave than Nibbles repeats his transgression with a firework under the bed, and Jerry is blown up before he can get out of his front door. Nibbles then hides under his sheets. Jerry then goes outside to relax in a hammock while Tom lights a firework underneath Jerry. The firework explodes and wakes up the mouse who, on the mistaken assumption that the explosion was Nibbles\' doing, walks around the tree to see if the little mouse was there but runs into Tom instead, who slaps Jerry with his own eyelid and traps him. When Tom lets go, Jerry is kneeling over a clenched fist. The mouse points at it, and Tom inspects it, and Jerry responds by using his other fist to punch the cat in the eye. Jerry jumps into a hole in the ground and Tom uses a pickaxe to try and dig the mouse out. Nibbles, who observes this event, loads a rocket into the drainpipe, which picks up the cat and sends him on a ride across the yard and into the clothesline. Jerry hides from the raging cat in a barrel and Tom uses a garbage can lid to trap him. Nibbles, again watching from a distance, paints another firework with glue and "graciously" hands it to the cat. Tom lights the firework and tries to throw it into the barrel, but spots the situation before he runs too far away and continues to attempt to throw it, but fails as it is stuck to his hand. Tom now tries to soften the explosion by sitting on the firework, but made a bad choice as to where: under the flowerbox. The explosion propels Tom headfirst into the flowerbox, smashing through it, and pots fall on his head. Now ready for revenge, Tom chases Nibbles who runs into the back end of a firework. Nibbles lights the firework, empties the gunpowder, and chases the cat. He corners Tom, but after the fuse runs out the ruse is exposed. Nibbles pops out and is caught. However, Nibbles throws a tiny firework at Tom and leaves as Tom takes it, believing it to be harmless, laughs at it, and balances it on his nose. At that point, the tiny firework explodes powerfully in his face. Tom then loads a bunch of fireworks outside Jerry\'s front door and lays out the gunpowder, but Jerry breaks the connection to his door and lights the gunpowder. After he is finished laying out the gunpowder, Tom prepares to light it, but Jerry\'s flame does the work for him. Tom sees a big explosion of the gunpowder can is imminent, but cannot escape it in time. Tom chases both mice, and they use a firework to shoot colorful fireballs at Tom. Tom runs away through a barrel and the basement window and sneaks behind Jerry and Nibbles, who have lit another rocket firework and have loaded it into the barrel where Tom was. Tom grabs the firework from them, but gets launched into the air, resulting in a firework display of death. Jerry then wipes his hands together and heads over to Nibbles and his noisemakers while Nibbles lights one more firework. With nowhere else to hide it, he stashes it in Jerry\'s noisemaker. Jerry pats Nibbles on the head and goes to blow in his noisemaker. Knowing the consequences, Nibbles tries to stop him from doing so, but Jerry only pats Nibbles on the head again, then blows into it and it explodes, giving him a blackface/sunflower appearance. Jerry looks at Nibbles, annoyed, as Nibbles smiles innocently and plays with his noisemakers.'] ['Henery Hawk  wants a chicken for dinner, saying that he is a chicken hawk. His mother refuses to give him chicken, insisting he eat a worm, or he will get no supper. Henery refuses, much to the worm\'s relief. Henery\'s mother puts him to bed and tells him to "go right to sleep". Henery sneaks out his house at bedtime, then goes to the chickenhouse and soon finds a rooster and his hen, Hazel, who has a panic reaction at the sound of the words "chicken hawk". The rooster chases him until his mother spots him and sends him home. He is again told to eat a worm and again refuses and says "I want chicken", at which point the worm gives him a big kiss on the cheek.'] ['Set in between the third film  and second film , Fievel, his friend, Tony and his sister, Tanya all get jobs at the local newspaper, where the audience is introduced to Nellie, who wants to be an important reporter, but only gets small assignments, as if she were a secretary to Reed, the newspaper\'s editor. Throughout the film, Tanya tries to win Reed\'s heart, while Tony tries to get noticed by Reed and promoted to a reporter. Like in the previous movies, where a mouse installation is directly below its human installation counterpart, the newspaper offices the mice work in is directly underneath the newspaper offices the humans work in. Nellie gets a chance when she is assigned to report mice who disappear overnight into holes that open up on their floor all over New York. Reed makes up a, as Nellie calls it, "so-called monster" that lives under Manhattan and takes mice away during the night to add more excitement to the otherwise unimportant story, intending to sell more papers. The night monster creates fears among the readers, as could be expected. Fievel begins having nightmares that cause him to lose sleep because of his fear of the monster; the film opens up with Fievel having a dream about being chased by what he thinks the monster looks like. When, through Tanya, he is assigned the job of following Nellie and drawing up interperatations of what the monster looks like based on witness testimony, this makes his insomnia all the worse. A particularly suspicious miniature French poodle named Madame Mousey, who has started living among the mice about this time, appears at every crime scene, claiming to be a fortune teller. The heroes finally decide to investigate her by means of the "dog council" that meets at Central Park. They also search down one of the holes, which leads directly to a group of cats hiding in the sewers. Also, all the mice that had disappeared are being held in wood cages there, to be sold off to other cats and eaten. The night monster itself, a mechanic device with ghastly flashing pictures and a circular saw, is revealed in full when it attacks the mice newspaper office and printing press to prevent them from printing the truth, which they had just discovered. A great chase scene takes place throughout both the mouse and the human newspaper offices. Reed reveals that he was in love with Nellie all along, much to Tanya\'s intense dismay. When all the cats seem to be under control, the "dog council" appears just as they\'re regaining consciousness and chase them all away, taking Madame Mousey with them. The last scene takes place at the beach, where the audience is told that the "dog council" had chosen for the French poodle  a punishment worse than prison: returning her to her owner. Mrs. Mousekewitz, Fievel\'s mother, surmises saying that now that the mystery has been cleared up, Fievel may finally go to sleep, only to turn around and find him already asleep on the beach towel.'] ['Betty Boop stars in her own version of Little Red Riding Hood. Betty prepares before going to visit her grandmother\'s house, despite being warned of wolves wandering the woods by the trees. Betty Boop continues through the woods. A hungry wolf spots Betty and follows her with a knife and fork. Bimbo sees the wolf who is about to attack Betty and kills him before he can do any harm to Betty. Bimbo then turns up before Betty at her grandmother\'s house. Bimbo waits for Betty disguised as the wolf and her grandmother. Betty then turns up inside her grandmother\'s house and sings "Where\'d You Get Those Eyes?" and is then lifted up in the air before Bimbo reveals himself to her.'] ['{{Plot}} The cartoon starting scene starts outside of the house and then goes to Tom, who was taking a nap but was woken up by Jerry. Tom peeks through the mouse hole to see what the noise was and sees Jerry smacking a punching bag that looks like a cat. After Jerry finishes with the punching bag, his spiritual mentor appears and asks him if he\'s ready to take on the cat, which is Tom. Jerry nods yes. After Jerry walks out of his mouse hole he sees Tom at the end of a hallway and becomes afraid of him, until Tom starts to mock Jerry. He then laughs at the thought of Jerry defeating him. Jerry then decides to go and fight Tom until Tom pulls out a flyswatter and hits Jerry with it a couple of times. After the beating, Tom then slingshots Jerry with the flyswatter back into his mouse hole where he runs into one of his walls. Jerry\'s spiritual mentor appears again and gives Jerry a gong to ring that summons a "Karate Guard" named Momo-sumo  to aid him whenever he needs help. The short deals with Tom\'s attempts to catch Jerry. He does not know about Spike at first. As soon as Jerry rings the gong, Spike sticks out his arm and Tom yelps and spins. He is then tied to a lawnmower and is launched into a garbage can. Tom moans in pain from hitting the garbage truck wall. The garbage truck door then closes and Tom screams in pain. The next scene Jerry is eating cheese and Tom tries again. He grabs Jerry. Jerry struggles to free his hands. Spike comes and chops his backside. Tom yelps quickly and puts Jerry back, and falls to the ground. Then Tom puts pillow-like earmuffs on Spike. Tom dings to show Jerry that his guard can\'t hear his gong. Tom dings the gong close to Spike\'s ear. He wakes and shoots Tom into the air. Tom yells in fear and claws the roof he landed on for dear life. it doesn\'t work and he is teetering on the gutter\'s edge. Tom does a quick salute and falls. Then Tom takes a giant leap and land on the roof. Tom, who was shaking in fear heaves a sigh of relief. Jerry does everything he can to anger Tom. It works and the chase is off again. They chase into a toy store where Jerry hides in an airplane. Jerry turns it on and scalps Tom\'s head and then shaves Tom\'s body. As soon as Tom\'s fur comes back the chase stars again. He gets an airplane and is shredding Jerry\'s. Tom raises his eyebrows as if to say "I got him now and nothing can stop me!" Jerry gongs for Spike and Tom hits Spike\'s chest, causing him  to disintegrate. Spike sweeps him up and throws him in a trash can. A panicked Tom calls an exterminator, Butch, along with three more cats to remove Spike from the household. They do nothing more than fire paint-balls at Spike, who is thrown by the force into the swimming pool; Tom then breaks out laughing. However, Spike then grabs Tom and squashes him into a bowling ball which he uses to, literally, strike the cats out of the garden. In the final scene, Jerry and Spike are watching Kids\' WB TV  and eating popcorn, leading to Spike eating the whole popcorn and making Jerry ring the gong, but instead of a man, there is Tom, who arrives to bring more popcorn to Jerry and Spike and to kiss Spike\'s feet, which Spike approves of, then Jerry dives into the popcorn and munches it happily, and finally the credits say In memory of Joseph Barbera.'] ['{{Plot}} The Radcliffe family and their 101 dalmatians are preparing to move to their "Dalmatian Plantation", a home in the countryside with plenty of room for all of them. However, one of the puppies, Patch, feels lost in a sea of spots and wishes to be unique like his television hero, Thunderbolt. While watching the Thunderbolt Adventure Hour, Patch hears about a chance to appear on the show while it is filming in London. When the family accidentally leaves him behind during the commotion of the move, Patch heads for the audition to meet his hero and win a guest spot on the show, but his squeaky bark gets him laughed off-stage. Simultaneously, Thunderbolt\'s sidekick, Lil\' Lightning, who is actually jealous of him, tricks him into leaving by making him believe the producers plan kill off his character and replace him with a younger dog. This allows Lil\' Lightning to con the producers into recasting him as the hero. While out adventuring in an attempt to prove himself, Thunderbolt meets Patch. As Patch teaches Thunderbolt how to act like a real hero and Thunderbolt in turn teaches Patch how to bark properly, the two bond over their mutual fear of being "just another dog". Elsewhere in London, Cruella de Vil has returned, but is under probation and restraining order to avoid imprisonment for her past behavior. Her life as she knew it in shambles, she is initially able to calm her frenzy through an affiliation with a spot-fixated German artist named Lars, but despite his best efforts, he is unable to recreate the look she desires. In order to inspire him, she restarts her hunt for the dalmatians, using a newspaper picture of Patch to find their new address. As Patch\'s family finally become aware that he is missing and set out to find him, Cruella bails her former henchmen, Horace and Jasper Badun, out of prison and sends them in a stolen dog food truck to steal the remaining puppies. The Baduns succeed after dealing with Nanny, and they take them back to Lars, who quickly becomes enarmoured with them. When Cruella requests she be made a masterpiece from the puppies\' fur, Lars turns on her, refusing to harm the puppies. Angered, Cruella has him bound and gagged. Out of alternative options, she returns to her original plan of making a dalmatian fur coat. The captured puppies use the "Twilight Bark" to send a distress signal, which is picked up by Patch and Thunderbolt, and the two set out to save Patch\'s family. On the way, the encounter Lil\' Lightning, who follows them and convinces Thunderbolt not to use Patch\'s stealth plan but to openly attack. Thunderbolt frightens the Baduns, but Cruella knocks him unconscious and he and Patch are captured. Lil\' Lightning, believing his own scheme fulfilled, sneaks into the building and reveals that Thunderbolt is a fraud before fleeing. Crushed by this revelation, Patch falls into despair, but his brothers and sisters restore his spirit by reminding him that Thunderbolt escaped a similar predicament in one of the TV episodes. Patch breaks out and releases his family, but Thunderbolt remains behind, ashamed of himself for disappointing Patch. The Baduns discover the puppies have escaped and inform Cruella, but Patch tricks the them into going downstairs. The dalmatians then escape through the building\'s roof to a double-decker bus. Meanwhile, Thunderbolt escapes from his cage and frees Lars. Cruella and the Baduns discover the escape, and a chase ensues through the streets of London, crashing through the filming of Lil\' Lightning\'s new show in the process. Cruella and the Baduns finally corner the dogs in an alleyway. Patch tries to hold them off while the others escape, but they are undaunted. Luckily, Thunderbolt arrives, having being driven to the scene by Lars, and fakes a heart attack, briefly gaining Lil\' Lightning\'s sympathy and causing Cruella, in her distraction, to knock out the Baduns and incapacitate herself while Patch retreats back to the bus. He puts the bus in reverse, sending Cruella, the Baduns, and Lil\' Lightning scrambling into the River Thames. The police arrest Lil\' Lightning and the Baduns, while Cruella, now driven completely insane, is sent to a mental institute. The Radcliffes and Nanny arrive , along with Patch\'s parents, Pongo and Perdita, whom he introduces to Thunderbolt. The elder dalmatians thank Thunderbolt, but he dismisses himself as simply an actor. Patch, on the other hand, is, in Thunderbolt\'s eyes, "a real, one of a kind wonder-dog". After a newspaper montage reveals the fates of the characters, a post-credits scene shows Thunderbolt in his TV show with Patch as his new sidekick and the other puppies as extras.'] ['On a cold and snowy night, Bugs wangles his way into the good graces, and more importantly, the house, belonging to an old lady . Sylvester, her dog , takes an instant dislike to the Bunny, and most of the cartoon is spent with the two tricking each other into going outside the house and getting locked out. Finally they get into a schtick where they are each throwing the other out the front door in turn, in quick succession. The old lady, fed up with all the bickering by now, intervenes  and tells them both to get out, when suddenly she is thrown out, startled and indignant. Bugs and the dog have made peace, and are lazing by the fire. Bugs turns to the audience and says, in typical fashion, "Gee, ain\'t I a stinker?"'] ['{{Plot}} Mammy Two Shoes  is sweeping the floor and Tom relaxing near Jerry\'s mouse hole. Tom raises his feet to let Mammy sweep under him, while Jerry is undisturbed as he comes out of his mouse hole and returns with a piece of cheese. As the mouse returns home, Mammy points him out to Tom, but the cat takes simply one glance before returning to sleep. The mailman rings the doorbell. She eagerly goes to answer the door, and receives a package. Mammy has been expecting this particular package, as she opens it to reveal Mechano, a talented robotic cat. Mammy calls Tom over to show him Mechano, using this as an official opportunity to downsize him after his laziness. In disbelief, both Tom and Jerry laugh out loud. To silence the cat, Mammy then turns on Mechano with the remote control, and it immediately darts to the mouse, hits him with a hammer, and slingshots him out through the window. Mammy then laughs, while, the sad, helpless and unwanted cat packs up and leaves the house. Mammy prides the "new-fangled" piece of machinery on its job and, as she flounces triumphantly out of the room. Jerry tries to get back into his hole in defiance, using various disguises to elude the computerized cat. First, the mouse sneaks through the mail slot with a letter for cover, but Mechano is still able to detect him. Jerry outruns him all the way to his hole, but Mechano hits him with a tennis racquet just in time. The machine hits Jerry again to bounce him into the air and then lobs him out through the window. Next, Jerry tries to sneak in through a garden hose, but Mechano chops the hose with an ax just in front of the mouse. Jerry tries to inconspicuously slip backwards through the hose and is cut off in that direction as well. Mechano continues to chop at the hose as Jerry turns around again, and Jerry is only left with a small section of hose such that he crawls like a worm. The mouse tries to crawl underneath the door slot and only does so in time to avoid getting chopped in half. To avoid being so conspicuous, Jerry slingshots himself from the front yard towards his mouse hole, but Mechano catches him with a baseball glove. The mechno-cat then loads Jerry into a cannon and uses the mouse\'s tail as a fuse, who is shot out of the window. Knowing he cannot win by himself, Jerry inserts a series of clockwork mice under the door slot to create a diversion army for Mechano. Everything quickly goes as planned: Mechano starts to attack the mice and the house as soon as it detects them. The machine chops up the piano with an axe, breaks the china with his cannon, saws a table with a buzzsaw, and launches dynamite into a mouse hole causing serious wreckage to the house. Mammy hears all of this, sees Mechano chopping into the floor after one of the mice, and yells at Mechano to stop. However, the computer will only respond to the controller, so nothing happens. Mammy runs around screaming for Tom\'s help and is quickly heard by him. Mammy runs away from the assault as Mechano tries to break through wardrobes and doors to chase the "mice" and ends up breaking himself to pieces. Mechano\'s computer hub, unfortunately, gets accidentally swallowed by Tom just before the maid reaches him. Mammy, with great relief, welcomes the cat back into the house, grateful to have him back on mouse-catching duties. However, Jerry gets the last laugh when he turns Mechano\'s remote control on, causing Tom to transform into Mechano! The terrified housemaid watches helplessly and starts screaming as the mechanixed Tom activates and goes on a path of destruction.'] ['Goofy enters home tired after a hard day at work. Exhausted, he suddenly notices an exercise advertisement in his newspaper. He orders gymnastics equipment and with the aid of an instruction record he tries out using the barbells, the chin-up bars and cable expanders, which all meet with disastrous results. Goofy destroys the floors of his apartment in the process and flies out of the window before he is swung back against the muscular chart of his equipment. While he stands behind the cardboard muscular man he is glad that he finally resembles a muscular man.'] ['{{Plot}} Tom is chasing Jerry around Mammy Two Shoes, while she is yelling out confusing instructions on where to chase Jerry. She has a broom ready to hit Jerry but instead she clumsily hits Tom on the head causing Tom to forget who he is and he believes he is a mouse. Mammy asks Tom if he is okay but he starts to squeak she becomes scared and jumps onto a kitchen chair. Tom terrorises Mammy by shaking the chair causing her to fall off it, then quickly flees from the deranged cat. Tom then heads over to the refrigerator and grabs a piece of cheese, before entering Jerry\'s mouse hole. Tom then moves into Jerry\'s small bed causing it to break underneath him. Jerry gets annoyed having to share with an oversized \'mouse\'. Jerry then overhears Mammy on the phone talking to the doctor about Tom. He hears that Tom is suffering from amnesia. Seeing Tom approaching her with mischief on his mind, Mammy cuts her phone conversation short and attempts to evade him by walking away on stilts. Tom pulls the stilts from under her causing Mammy to fall and he runs back into the mouse hole.  Jerry then runs to get the medical encyclopedia to learn more about amnesia. He reads that "memory can be restored by a sharp blow on the head". Jerry whistles and gets Tom\'s attention with a piece of cheese. Jerry then hides behind a curtain with a baseball bat. Tom starts searching for Jerry and every time Jerry swings to hit Tom, Tom coincidentally moves out of the way, exhausting Jerry. Jerry then tries dropping a bowling ball onto a piece of wood where a piece of cheese is sitting. Tom comes out of the mouse hole and eats the cheese. Jerry drops the ball, launching Tom headfirst into the ceiling. This cures him of his amnesia, but when Tom lands back onto the wood, the bowling ball flies into the air and falls on his head, sending him back to his mouse-like state. Jerry then puts down a trail of cheese for Tom and he tries to drop a vase on his head. He misses. Jerry sets down another trail of cheese that leads under the piano. Jerry has tied a string to the piano leg and when Tom walks under the piano, Jerry pulls the leg out of the piano causing it to fall. Again, Jerry\'s attempts miss. Tom continues the trail through a door and an iron barely misses him as well. Tom reaches a big piece of cheese and Jerry cuts a rope tied to an anvil. But the anvil cuts off the back of his skin and crashes through the floor, again missing him. Jerry sits down disgusted, he\'s tried everything.  Tom then gives Jerry a piece of cheese, but Jerry doesn\'t want it and throws it away. It lands in an egg cup on the shelf, which rolls and knocks a dish, which rolls into a laundry basket and into the broom. The broom falls over and releases a door which holds the ironing board which hits Tom on the head curing him of his amnesia. Jerry lets out a happy scream and runs to his mouse hole. He kisses Tom and then lies down on his bed to relax. Tom also lies down right outside Jerry\'s mouse hole. Jerry looks outside and sees Mammy  reading the medical book and holding a baseball bat whilst creeping stealthily towards the sleeping cat. She says she is going to cure Tom of his amnesia with a blow to the head. Jerry motions to stop her but she hits Tom anyway, unknowingly bringing his amnesia back. Jerry returns to his mouse hole whilst Tom, after once again dealing with Mammy, re-enters the mouse-hole,and returns to his mouse-like state. Tom kicks Jerry out of his bed, lies on the bed and breaks it once again, leaving Jerry frustrated.'] ['Elmer is reading a book about hypnotism but he bumps into a bear. He hypnotizes the bear into thinking he is a canary. Bugs then asks Elmer, "What\'s up, doc?". Elmer states he has him right where he wants him and starts to hypnotize Bugs . Bugs fools Elmer by giving him a balloon with long ears and he hears the bear he hypnotized earlier chirping and falls to the ground. Then he chases Bugs and fights over the gun. Then he cries on a tree and Bugs asks what\'s wrong. Elmer tells him that he  won\'t cooperate when he tries to hypnotize him. Bugs says he will cooperate. Then, as Elmer hypnotizes Bugs, Bugs hypnotizes him instead, and commands him to be a rabbit. Elmer then starts to act like Bugs, inducing Bugs to act like Elmer , and the role-reversing chase ensues. Bugs then looks for Elmer, who is right behind him. Bugs talks to the audience while chewing three carrots&mdash;two of which are in Elmer\'s hands. Then the chase starts again, until Bugs has a chance to "un-hypnotize" Elmer. Elmer then runs away and all seems normal. After sneering at Elmer\'s ability to hypnotize him, Bugs suddenly notices his watch, exclaiming, "I\'m overdue at the airport", and proceeds to take off and fly like an airplane. Bugs states "I\'m the B-19!" and flies away toward the airport.'] ['{{Plot}}  The film begins with Eliza Thornberry , aged 12, playing with a family of cheetahs in East Africa, where her parents work as roving wildlife photographers for a television nature show. Eliza has the magical ability to talk and communicate with wild animals. The cheetah mother, Akela , has left Eliza in charge of her cubs; however, Eliza strays beyond the security of the area, and one of the cheetah cubs, Tally , is kidnapped by a poacher. Eliza\'s persistent efforts to rescue the cub lead her British grandmother Cordelia , who is visiting them, to send her off to an English boarding school, fearing that Eliza is constantly endangering herself in Africa and will be much safer in England. Darwin , Eliza\'s "pet" chimpanzee smuggles himself into her luggage and travels to school with her. After having a dream in which Shaman Mnyambo, the person who gave her her power, tells her to save Tally, Eliza persuades her roommate Sarah Wellington to help her and Darwin get back to Nairobi. While on a train to their family\'s camp, the duo notice an injured rhino outside the train and get off to help it. Eliza speaks with the rhino who tells her that he was shot by the river. They are assisted by a young couple, Sloan and Bree Blackburn , supposedly animal conservationists, but as they attempt to save the rhino, Eliza discovers the same knife carried by the poacher who took Tally. After the rhino is taken away by a ranger, Eliza and Darwin continue to their camp. Meanwhile, Eliza\'s sister Debbie , a materialistic girl who dislikes Africa has been left alone by Nigel and Marianne Thornberry  to take care of her mischievous adopted brother Donnie near their motorhome, whilst her parents film a huge herd of elephants as they make their way through the fictional Tempo Valley during a solar eclipse. She is visited first by both Cordelia and her grandfather Col. Radcliffe Thornberry  who are searching for Eliza. The morning after they arrive, Eliza and Darwin themselves appear, to plot a course to where Tally was taken, and later leave with Donnie. While Debbie searches for them, she comes to a friendly native village where no one speaks English. After several failed attempts to get her motorcycle out of the mud in which it is stuck, she meets a teenage boy from the village named Boko who helps her to get the motorcycle out. The village members, worried that Debbie will get killed out in the wilderness, send Boko as her guide. As Eliza, Bonnie and Darwin trek through the forest, a gorilla informs them that people have built a fence across Tempo Valley. The trio later encounter Bree and Sloan again, and Eliza realizes that the poachers are after the elephants that will be traveling through the valley. The trio later find Tally in the Bree and Sloan\'s RV, and learn that the couple are actually the poachers responsible for capturing Tally, shooting the rhino, and building the fence. Bree and Sloan later capture them, and it is revealed that the fence is electrified, and that the poachers plan to stampede the elephants into it. Sloan also demands to know how she found about the rhino and the fence. Debbie and Boko later encounter the RV while searching for Eliza and her friends. When the couple go to investigate, Tally chews on the rope bounding Eliza to free her. She and Darwin then get into an argument in which Eliza ends by yelling at him to, for once, be quiet, upsetting Darwin. Meanwhile, Sloan takes Debbie hostage when she reveals that she is Eliza\'s sister, and threatens to throw her over a cliff unless Eliza tells him the truth about how she knew about their plan. With no other way to save her sister, Eliza is forced to admit she knows because of her ability to talk to animals. Because of this, a storm begins, with Eliza and the others  escaping from the poachers. When Darwin fails to understand her, Eliza realizes her power is really gone, as punishment for revealing her power and pulls Darwin after her. The group ends up drifting down the river on a log as the storm continues. Later on, after the storm has stopped, Eliza tells Debbie the story of how she got her powers and that she had kept them a secret all this time. Debbie asks Eliza to prove it, but Eliza tells her she can\'t anymore, because she told someone else about it, and now she can\'t even apologize to Darwin for their argument earlier. Debbie then realizes how much Eliza\'s powers meant to her and is amazed that she gave it up just to save her life. They get to the pass, just in time for the eclipse, but Eliza is doubtful that she can save the elephants without her power. Debbie convinces her to try when she points out that Eliza was always willing to help animals before getting her power . As Bree and Sloan get their henchmen to detonate explosives in the valley to get the elephants to stampede, Eliza jumps onto the lead elephant, and desperately tries to tell her to stop. She uses a necklace her dad gave her before she left and hurls it at the electric fence, causing it to react and the elephants to subsequently stop. They begin to turn around but Bree and Sloan ordered their henchmen to fire off another round of explosives, making the elephants charge towards it again. Eliza remembers how elephant mothers tell their young which way to go; she taps the elephant behind its ear, causing her to stop right in front of the fence. The herd again stops, and begins to turn around. much to the poachers\' anger. Sloan then swings in on a helicopter and grabs Eliza, throwing her into a river, but not before saying that she won\'t be there once he and Bree cut out the ivory tusks of the elephants. Fortunately, she is saved by Shaman Mnyambo, who tells her that she saved the day using not her powers but her heart. As a reward, he is willing to give Eliza her powers back. Meanwhile, the elephants pull Bree and Sloan\'s helicopter out of the sky, and the poachers are arrested by the rangers contacted by the Thornberrys. Eliza, Debbie, and the others are then reunited with the rest of the Thornberrys, who have all been searching for them, and Eliza makes amends with Darwin. Later on, the group returns to the savanna they were at during the beginning of the film, where Tally is reunited with his mother once again. Eliza also reveals to Debbie that although she got her power back, it was on condition that if Debbie tells anyone about it, she will turn into a baboon, much to her fury.'] ['Tired of playing second fiddle to Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck demands his own movie from the Warner Bros. only to be fired by VP of Comedy, Kate Houghton . DJ Drake , son of action star Damian Drake, is also fired from his job as a security guard when trying to escort Daffy from the studios, driving the Batmobile into the studio\'s water tower which falls on Kate\'s car. Kate tries to make Bugs\' film more educational and socially relevant, but he refuses to work with her unless Daffy is brought back; she is ultimately forced to comply to keep her job after Bugs is injured during a routine that required Daffy\'s presence. DJ returns home and is surprised to find Daffy snuck along. Finding a hidden video screen, DJ is told by his father  to go to Las Vegas to find a woman named Dusty Tails to get a diamond called the Blue Monkey. DJ and Daffy head out in an old AMC Gremlin car. Bugs and Kate arrive at the house after Bugs calls Daffy and learns the situation, and pursue them in Damian\'s spy car, a TVR Tuscan right hand drive. Also after the diamond are the Acme Corporation run by Mr. Chairman  who plans to use the diamond to take over the world and sell more Acme merchandise. DJ and Daffy arrive in Las Vegas and find Dusty Tails performing at a casino run by Yosemite Sam. Dusty gives DJ a playing card with the Mona Lisa\'s face on it. Then Yosemite Sam, working for Acme, attacks the three and his goons chase DJ and Daffy across the city, leading to a car chase with Bugs and Kate being dragged into the mayhem when DJ takes the wheel of the spy car. The heroes escape via the spy car\'s flight ability whilst Yosemite Sam crashes into his own casino. The spy car crashes in Death Valley where the heroes conveniently find a Wal-Mart thanks to Kate\'s desire for more product placement. Mr. Chairman sends in Wile E. Coyote to kill the heroes but he fails via a misdirected missile. The heroes wander into Area 52, Area 51 created as a "paranoid fantasy" to hide Area 52\'s identity, where they meet Mother, a Q-like figure who gives DJ new gadgets to help find the diamond and reveals that Acme will use the diamond to turn mankind into monkeys to create their merchandise and then turn them back so they\'ll buy the products. Marvin the Martian and a group of famous aliens  attack, but the heroes escape. They conclude the next clue is in the Mona Lisa painting in Paris. In the Louvre, the heroes discover the playing card doubles as a viewing window and find a map of Africa behind the Mona Lisa painting and take a photo on Kate\'s mobile phone. Elmer Fudd arrives to gain the card, turning out to be "secretly evil". Bugs and Daffy flee playfully around the museum, leaping through various famous paintings until Elmer is defeated by Bugs via a fan when he jumps out of a pointillist painting. Mr. Smith, henchman of Mr. Chairman, kidnaps Kate and steals her phone, and by extension, the map. The heroes travel to Africa where they hitch a ride on an elephant ridden by Sylvester the Cat, Tweety Bird and Granny. They find the diamond and a temple, but Granny and the others reveal themselves to be Mr. Chairman, Mr. Smith and the Tasmanian Devil. Mr. Chairman uses a disintegration pistol to transport himself and the heroes to Acme Headquarters and gains the diamond. Mr. Smith is revealed to be the Tasmanian she-devil. The diamond is taken to a satellite by Marvin; Mr. Chairman explaining he will fire an energy beam worldwide which will turn everyone into monkeys aside from himself and his love interest, Mary. DJ and Kate save Damian from being killed and Wile E. Coyote blows up in a train. Bugs and Daffy chase Marvin to the satellite, and while Bugs fights Marvin, Daffy becomes Duck Dodgers and manages to destroy the satellite by plugging its dish with his beak. Bugs defeats Marvin by overloading his own bubble gun. The energy beam strikes Mr. Chairman, turning him into a monkey. Later, Daffy learns the entire adventure was part of Bugs\' film, but Bugs suggests the two become equal; Daffy starts cheering until he is flattened by the Looney Tunes\' title iris ironically. While Porky Pig tries to say his ending line, the studio starts to close. Just before all the lights are turned completely off, Porky tells the audience to go home.'] ["While meditating beside a waterfall, Piccolo is approached by Gohan and Icarus, with Gohan showing Piccolo a tune he has just learned to whistle. To his shock, Piccolo finds the noise excruciatingly painful due to his enhanced Namekian hearing, and angrily orders Gohan to stop. Meanwhile, at the Capsule Corporation compound, Bulma and her father discover that a meteor is heading toward the Earth and will most likely destroy the planet upon impact. Amidst mass panic throughout the Earth, Goku and Krillin rush to intercept the meteor, blasting it with Kamehameha waves, but fail to damage it. The meteor, however, does not hit Earth, instead passing it and exploding in orbit. When the dust clears, a strange building is present on the Earth. An army of armoured soldiers comes out of the building and declares the Earth to be under the rule of their leader, Lord Slug, and terrorise the citizens for laughing at them. Gohan and Chi-Chi appear and fight the soldiers, whose eyes appear to be hypersensitive to the sunlight, but Chi-Chi is easily subdued and Gohan loses his hat with the four-star Dragon Ball as Slug himself appears and takes it. Bulma appears and defies Slug's henchmen, who reveal their intentions to Terra-freeze the Earth and turn it into their own star cruiser. Slug reads Bulma's mind and learns about the Dragon Radar, and orders his men to find the remaining six Dragon Balls in one hour. Slug's men eventually bring the Dragon Balls back to base and summon the Eternal Dragon, Shenron. The elderly Slug wishes for eternal youth, which is granted, and he launches a pod into space, where it summons dark clouds to cover the sky, blocking out the sunlight, modifying the atmosphere to accommodate Slug and his men, while proving deadly for the human race. Goku, still exhausted from his ordeal with the meteor, is found unconscious by Yajirobe, who gives him a Senzu Bean. At Slug's base, Gohan resumes his assault against Slug's army and manages to bring down scores of them until he is subdued. Piccolo appears and rescues Gohan from death. Slug's top men, Angila, Medamatcha and Wings appear and engage them in battle. Piccolo kills Wings while Medamatcha smothers Gohan into unconsciousness, but as Medamatcha moves in to finish Gohan, Piccolo throws himself in front of Gohan and takes the blast. They are almost killed, but Goku and Krillin arrive on the scene in time and kill Angila and Medamatcha, but Slug then enters the fray. Slug blasts Krillin aside and fights Goku one on one, easily taking the upper hand despite Goku's efforts. However, as Slug moves in to finish Goku, Goku is overcome by rage at the damage done to the Earth and its inhabitants, and transforms into a False Super Saiyan . With his power boosted, Goku easily takes control of the battle and pummels Slug, breaking his arm in the process. To Goku's horror, however, Slug tears his damaged arm off and regenerates it, also removing his helmet and revealing that he is actually a Namekian. As Slug transforms into a giant, King Kai telepathically contacts Goku and tells him that Slug is the last Super Namek, a branch of Namekians who grew obsessed with power and were banished from Planet Namek by use of the Dragon Balls. Goku and Slug continue their fight, but with Slug's increased strength and Goku's superior speed, neither can best the other. Slug eventually grabs Goku and starts to crush him, but Piccolo, knowing his own weaknesses, intervenes and pulls on Slug's antennae. Slug grabs Piccolo in his hands, but Piccolo, remembering his sensitive hearing, pulls his own ears off and screams for Gohan to start whistling. The noise deafens Slug, especially in his giant form, leaving Piccolo to transfer his remaining energy to Goku. Goku powers up and manages to fly straight through Slug's stomach, knocking him out. Goku then flies into the sky and begins preparing a Spirit Bomb in order to destroy the Terra-freezing pod, but Slug gives chase. In desperation, Goku fires the Spirit Bomb at Slug, hitting him and sending him directly into the Terra-freezing pod which explodes, destroying Slug and removing the dark clouds from Earth's atmosphere. In the aftermath, Yajirobe appears and provides everyone with Senzu Beans. At Kame House, Master Roshi, who slept through all the events, wakes up and wishes for something exciting to happen."] ["A month after the events of the first film, General Shang asks Mulan for her hand in marriage, which she accepts. Hearing about their engagement, Mushu is thrilled for them- until the leader of the ancestors informs him that if Mulan gets married, he will lose his job as a guardian dragon and have to leave her and his pedestal, his place of honor as a guardian. The reason for this is because Mulan would be getting married to Shang, thus she becomes a part of his family which requires her to have his family ancestors and guardians. Wanting to keep his job and his friend, Mushu attempts to tear the couple apart . Meanwhile, the Emperor calls upon Mulan and General Shang to escort his three daughters- Princesses Mei, Ting-Ting, and Su across China to be betrothed to three princes so that an alliance can be formed with the kingdom of Qui Gong. If the task is not completed within three days, the alliance will crumble, and the Mongols will destroy China. Mulan and Shang set out, along with Yao, Ling and Chien-Po , to safely escort the princesses to their new kingdom. However, due to Mushu's interferences and the fact that the three princesses are upset by their arranged marriages and actually love Chien-Po, Ling, and Yao, Mulan decides to go against her orders and, despite Shang's wishes, stop the joining of kingdoms. One night, Chien-Po, Ling and Yao take the princesses out to a village where they impress the girls with their antics. Meanwhile, Mushu tricks Shang into thinking Mulan is taking advantage of him. They then go through bandit country. Pressured by Cri-Kee, Mushu confesses to Mulan on what he had done. Enlightened about the news , Mulan tries to talk to Shang when bandits attack. While saving the three princesses, the bridge they are on breaks, and General Shang and Mulan are left dangling off a broken bridge. Since the rope can only support the weight of one person, Shang sacrifices his life to save Mulan and lets go of her hand, falling into the river. Mulan then continues alone to Qui Gong. Not wanting the princesses to be forced into marriage, and because Shang is dead, she offers herself to marry one of the ruler's sons. Shang, who actually survived the fall, finds out about it and tries to stop her. Mushu decides to help by pretending to be the Great Golden Dragon of Unity, who forces the ruler to stop the marriage. Mulan and Shang get married and the princesses are released from their vows, again thanks to Mushu. At the end, Shang combines the family temples. This means that Mushu gets to keep his job, and in his happiness, he accidentally reveals himself to Shang, even though Mulan already told Shang about Mushu. Mulan, Shang, and Mushu live happily ever after."] [" The film comes accompanied by a short mini-movie featuring Pikachu. In this mini-movie, Pikachu and his friends are left on a skyscraper in Big City by their trainers, who go off to prepare an unknown surprise for the Pokémon. Pikachu meets the Pichu Brothers, saving the younger one from falling off an opposite building. A group of Murkrow chase Pikachu off a flagpole, and he uses a group of Hoppip to reach the other side, sending Meowth who is window-cleaning, flying into a billboard. The Pichu Bros. assist Pikachu to return to his friends but they end up going on a journey across the city to the Pichu Bros' playground. On the way, they get chased by a Houndour who they later encounter again. The angry Houndour chases the three around until he nearly knocks the playground over. Pikachu, the Pichu Bros., Houndour and their assortment of friends manage to save the playground. Pikachu realizes it is nearly six o'clock and he must return to his friends before Ash, his trainer, does. Pikachu and the Pichu Bros. use a tire to get to the building, sending Meowth flying again. The three arrive in the nick of time, the Pichu Brothers departing. Ash, Misty and Brock arrive and take the Pokémon into a room where a party has been laid out for them in celebration of the first anniversary of Ash and Pikachu's meeting.  The feature film focuses on the beautiful town of Greenfield. A resident of the town, the research scientist Professor Spencer Hale, conducts research on the elusive Unown. He and his assistant, Skyler, discover a site of ruins, but Hale is sucked into the dimension of the Unown. His disappearance leaves his young daughter Molly alone, her mother having disappeared previously. Molly finds a box of tablets containing Unown images and begins assembling the letters, which summons the Unown themselves. The Unown use their powers to make Molly's wishes come true, transforming her manor house into a crystal-like palace which spreads across the town and cuts her off from the world. Entei is created to represent Molly's father. Various people come to help sort out the Unown, including Professor Oak and Delia Ketchum . Meanwhile, Ash and his friends meet and befriend a trainer named Lisa and come into Greenfield in the process and agree to join in the rescue mission to save young Molly. However, Entei kidnaps Delia, following Molly's request for a mother as well. Through Entei's powers, Delia is hypnotized into thinking she is Molly's mother. Ash, Misty, Brock and their Pokémon head out to the mansion to save Delia, communicating with Professor Oak and Skyler thanks to a PokéGear device given to them by Lisa. Team Rocket try to investigate the mansion, only to be blasted out of the air by Entei into the depths of the mansion. Molly watches Ash and the others through a television and falls asleep, imagining herself being a Pokémon Trainer. Entei then creates a dream version of Molly as an adult and takes her to battle the three. She first fights Brock, but her dreamed-up Pokémon are stronger than his; she then has a more friendly fight against Misty in an underwater battle, but the winner is not shown. Ash manages to locate Molly and Delia, but Molly refuses to leave with him and the mansion transforms. Entei refuses to allow Ash to leave with his mother, and fights his Pokémon. He then blasts Ash and Pikachu off a cliff, but they are saved by the arrival of Ash's Charizard. Charizard, with Ash on his back, battles Entei until he is knocked out of the sky. Entei nearly kills Charizard until Molly commands him to stop and begs that no more fighting happens, which manages to stop Entei. Ash and his friends convince Molly to leave with them, Entei revealing he was created by the Unown to be her father. The Unown suddenly lose control of their powers and start to seal the group in the mansion. Ash, Pikachu, Charizard, Misty, Brock, Delia, Molly and Team Rocket escape down to the hall where the Unown are. Pikachu and Charizard attempt to break the forcefield protecting the Unown, but they are unsuccessful—until they are joined by Entei, combining their powers to destroy the shield with Molly's support. Entei sacrifices himself and the Unown return to their dimension, reversing all of their effects on the world and returning Professor Hale to the ruins where he originally vanished. The group ventures outside, where Professor Oak, Skyler, Lisa and others meet them. Team Rocket hides in the mansion upon seeing all of the police outside and vow they will succeed or fail in their next scheme. In the end credits, Charizard and Lisa depart from Ash's company, and Molly is seen with her own Teddiursa and reunites with her father—and later, with her mother."] ['The evil Lord Licorice starts to take over Candy Land, assisted by his Bites, changing it from a brightly colored happy kingdom to a somber, drab-hued place. Gingerbread boy Jib is traveling the Rainbow Road to the annual Sweet Celebration. He enlists his friends Mister Mint and Princess Frostine to save Candy Land from a drab fate. Together with other Candy Land characters they outwit Lord Licorice and restore Candy Land to its colorful self.'] ['It is Halloween night at the House of Mouse, and a lot of villains are showing up. Jafar has a trick in store for the usual heroes of the House, but the villains have to wait until midnight for him to unleash it. After a series of cartoons, Jafar, along with Captain Hook, Cruella de Vil, Ursula and Hades, takes over the house with a musical number "It\'s Our House Now!" All the other villains soon join the gang. The heroes, princesses and other fairy tale characters are trapped in the kitchen while Mickey and several others are thrown out into the street. They witness the House\'s name being changed to the House of Villains. Mickey, Donald, Goofy and Minnie try to take their House back, but Chernabog keeps them from entering the building. Then, Mickey dresses in his sorcerer outfit from Fantasia  and challenges Jafar to a magical duel using fireballs. Just when Mickey\'s sorcerer hat is knocked off, Aladdin escapes from the kitchen, flying on the magic carpet and gives Daisy Duck the magical lamp. Daisy hands it to Mickey who uses the lamp to suck Jafar into it. The rest of the villains flee and the House of Mouse is restored.'] ["The animated version tells the same story as the 1959 film, with some differences. The story begins with Balthazar waiting in the desert for the two other wise men for a journey to Bethlehem. The story of Ben-Hur begins 30 years after the birth of Christ. In contrast to the 1925 and 1959 versions, the face of Jesus is shown and his words are heard in this film. The character of Messala is different from the 1959 film. Appearing lame, he approaches Ben-Hur for forgiveness, and joins Ben-Hur's family and Balthazar to witness the passion of Jesus. Ben-Hur gives water to Jesus on the way to Calvary. As Jesus dies, Ben-Hur and his family, with Balthazar, Messala, and Esther, clasp their hands in prayer. Miracles occur when Jesus heals Ben-Hur's family of leprosy, and enables Messala to walk again. He comes near the cross thanking Jesus for the miracle. At the film's end, Mary Magdalene sees Jesus emerge from the tomb and he ascends into heaven, giving the promise to the apostles to preach the gospel. Ben-Hur, now married to Esther, shares with his children his story and faith in Jesus."] ['When famed comedy rock duo 16 Buttons of Justice is informed of the tremendous failure that is the 16Buttons of Justice TV Show, the duo must come up with a plan to send ratings through the roof, before the show is canceled. Soon after hearing that Ready Espanosa, father to 16 Buttons of Justice front man Raccoon X, and a world famous explorer have gone missing, the duo decides to document their own rescue attempt to save the greatest adventurer of all time.'] ['An overconfident and guffawing spider  spots his intended prey, a mute fly, on the ceiling, and indulges in various cat-and-mouse schemes to try to catch him for food, including painting a load of buckshot with "Kandy Kolor" and luring the fly to eat it and drawing him closer with a magnet, which only succeeds in attracting a set of metal cutlery which the spider has to dodge to save himself. Eventually, the spider catches his prey, and, when he is about to carve him up while singing the song "Would You Like to Take a Walk?", the fly points to a wall calendar giving the day as "Meatless Tuesday", a reference to food rationing during World War II. The frustrated spider runs to the United States Capitol and screams, "You can\'t do this to me! You can\'t, you can\'t!"'] ["In the toon, Pete Puma is trying to raid the henhouse Foghorn Leghorn is guarding; Foggy decides to have some fun with Pete. He tells Pete what he really wants is a Venezuelan Racing Chicken which has unfortunately run back to Venezuela. Pete runs there and back in jig time. Next, he really wants an Irish Wrestling Chicken, which turns out to be a rope tied to a bull's tail . When Pete makes off with a chicken, nest and all, Foghorn grabs the chicken, then says Pete's found the rare Mongolian Disappearing Chicken, and the only way to make it reappear is tap dancing; Pete dances into a hole; Foggy drops an anvil on Pete's head . Foggy walks away, chuckling at his cleverness, when a genuine Irish Wrestling Chicken pins him ."] ['The film focuses on Celebi, who travels to the future with a boy named Sam while being chased by a hunter. Meanwhile, Ash, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu are on their way to the next gym in their Johto journey and get a lift from a man named Maki, who takes them to his hometown of Arborville. They see a Suicune . When they plan to enter a forest that is claimed to have many unusual and rare Pokémon, they are warned by an elderly lady about the "Voice of the Forest", which may carry a person off to a different period in time unless those hearing it stand still. Ash finds Sam alone in the forest as Celebi has fled. Sam awakens and discovers he is 40 years in the future from when he was. He, Ash, and the others search for Celebi and they find it in a tree. After some convincing, the gang manage to gain Celebi\'s trust. They run into a high-ranking member of Team Rocket, the Iron Masked Marauder, who has been trying to capture Celebi. Jessie, James, and Meowth also team up with the Iron Masked Marauder to capture Celebi. The heroes take Celebi to its home, the Lake of Life, where it is healed by the water. The group spend the night in the forest. The next day, Celebi is captured by the Iron Masked Marauder and is turned evil by the Dark Ball, a ball with special powers that turns the captured Pokémon evil, and immensly strengthen their target. Ash attempts to save Celebi by climbing the Marauder\'s robot, which falls over and throws them both out. Ash lands on the ground, but the Marauder begins to step on his hand; it keeps doing this until Ash falls unconscious. The Iron Masked Marauder orders Celebi create a giant monster from parts of the forest. The heroes chase after Celebi in Maki\'s flying boat, but are brought down by the evil Celebi\'s attacks. The Iron Masked Marauder tries to kill Ash and Sam, but Suicune saves them. Brock sends out his Onix, and it and Suicune do battle with the Masked Marauder\'s evil Tyranitar, while Ash, Sam, and Pikachu clamber into Celebi\'s creature and manage to get Celebi to remember its memories, successfully bringing Celebi back to normal, and destroying the Iron Masked Marauder\'s Dark Balls in the process, releasing his Scizor, Sneasel, and Tyranitar. With the collapse of the giant monster, the Iron Masked Marauder falls into the lake. The other heroes rush to the lake\'s edge and find Ash and Sam with Celebi, who suddenly falls limp. Ash and Sam realize Celebi is dead and everyone weeps, while the Pokémon of the forest howl in grief. However, the Voice of the Forest materializes in the sky and numerous of Celebi appear and resurrect Celebi. The Iron Masked Marauder suddenly appears and kidnaps Celebi and flies up with a jetpack, but Ash and Pikachu hold onto him as he flies away. Pikachu destroys the Masked Marauder\'s jetpack with a "ThunderBolt" attack and they fall to Earth, but Celebi saves them. The Iron Masked Marauder falls down to the forest floor  and is confronted by the old woman, her granddaughter Diana, Maki, and all the Pokémon of the forest. Celebi prepares to bring Sam back to his own time. He has an emotional farewell with Ash and departs with Celebi. Before Ash leaves the town into his next journey, he talks to Professor Oak about what happened, and muses about the story. Professor Oak tells a sad Ash that he and Sam are going to be friends forever. Ash, Brock, and Misty realise they never told Professor Oak Sam\'s name, but are soon distracted by the departing boat. Professor Oak is then shown with the sketch-book from earlier in the film, revealing that Professor Oak  is the grown-up Sam. He finally reveals it happened like it was only yesterday, after musing on a sketch he drew of a sleeping Pikachu and Celebi.'] ['{{Plot}} Tom plays pool in a deserted pool hall, pocketing two balls by lowdown means  and then wakes Jerry up by shooting the 10-ball into the pocket where he is sleeping. Jerry awakes just in time to avoid the 10-ball and is carried out to the ball return, where the 10 and the 13 smash the mouse between each other. Jerry is mad and walks up through the pocket, first sees nothing, but after a few steps back to the pocket, he spots Tom perched behind it. Jerry tries to jump into another corner pocket, but Tom aims a cue ball with so much force that it roll\'s into the pocket, and spins back out of it and it rolls Jerry backwards to Tom, who has made a ramp with his cue stick for the mouse to slide up. Jerry stops at the top of the stick and is then blown down by Tom, who then shoots a stream of balls to make the mouse flat . The whole train rebounds back towards the cat and the balls stack up at Tom\'s end of the table. Tom shoots all the balls in succession with his cue, and then tries to shoot Jerry, but the mouse hangs onto the cue tip. The cat, as if he were saying "Have it your way", chalks up and shoots the 8-ball using Jerry. The mouse drops off the cue tip and then is upended by the 8-ball rolling in circles, and Tom forces Jerry to jump through the ball rack as if he were a circus performer. Tom then sets it on fire to add an additional level of torment, and when Jerry accomplishes this with poise, Tom discards the flaming rack and shoots the 8-ball across the table and back. Jerry is whacked in the rear, with the mouse finding out the "8" imprint remains behind. An incensed Jerry draws back Tom\'s cue stick and hits his opponent with it. Tom throws the 8-ball at Jerry, but the mouse ducks and the 8 bounces off the rails back into Tom\'s face. Tom tries again with an 8 and 6, but Jerry bats them back into Tom\'s eyes. The 10-ball is returned at such speed it burns a hole through Tom\'s glove. Tom makes one last attempt with the 1-ball , and Jerry bats it so hard that he breaks the cue and Tom retreats through the pool hall to catch it. Tom stretches backwards and catches the 1-ball, and because of its weight and the cat\'s unbalanced posture, Tom is pulled into a drink machine and spat out as a drink bottle. Jerry dives into a corner pocket as Tom returns in anger. Tom gropes through the pocket to find Jerry, but instead grabs his own tail, pulling himself through the pocket tunnels and back out. When he sees he\'s holding his own tail, Tom escapes the tunnels and sticks a fire hose down them, sweeping Jerry up. He takes swings at the stream with a mechanical bridge to hit Jerry, but only catches Jerry on the end of it. The mouse steals the bridge and uses it as a balancing stick on a high wire. Tom throws two cues at the mouse; the first shreds exactly in half when it hits the wire dead center, but the second scrapes Jerry\'s rear to a deep, alarming red, and he shoots the mechanical bridge into Tom\'s mouth as revenge. Tom gets up with the mechanical bridge in his mouth and lazily says "Duh!". Back on the table, the mouse runs away as Tom shoots a stream of balls towards him, which chase him into and out of the various pockets on the table. Eventually, the balls chase Jerry of their own accord, but Tom is in their path; Jerry opens his mouth and causes Tom to swallow all seven balls. Jerry flees into the corner pocket, and Tom sticks a cue into the pocket, looking to poke Jerry. The mouse, just as before, tricks the cat by attaching a hatpin to the tip end of the cue, and then yanks the cue briefly. Feeling this, the cat strikes and stabs himself in the rear end, and is sent screaming manically into the air and crashing down into the corner pocket. At this point, Jerry breaks a rack of balls and all 16 of them fall into pockets, except for the 1-ball; the mouse whacks the cat on the head such that his mouth opens in pain and that the 1 falls into Tom\'s mouth.'] ['Destination Earth begins with the emperor Ogg  sending a bumbling subordinate Martian on a mission to Earth to find a better power source for his royal limousine. The Martian sets off and lands in the United States. He ventures into a nearby city and becomes awestruck when he sees average citizens with "powerful and reliable automobiles" that make their daily lives easier. The Martian then enters a library and researches the "secrets" the remarkable power source. The Martian triumphantly returns to Mars with stolen library books on the oil industry. After reading from them the population of Mars deserts Ogg and sets up their own oil companies. The short ends with the slogan "destination unlimited" written across the screen.'] ["{{Plot}} The cartoon opens with Tom emerging from a locker room at a tennis court. His entrance is interrupted by a black cat named Butch, who slams the door into Tom causing him to look like a figure in Egyptian hieroglyphics. Jerry then comes out from the locker room, but Tom orders him to pick up his tennis equipment. Jerry hands Tom his racquet and a tennis ball, and a match between Tom and Butch begins. With no further need for the mouse, Tom dismisses Jerry by hitting him into the locker room wall and he ends up landing in the drinking fountain. Jerry's mad while standing in the fountain. Tom serves the ball and Butch returns it with such speed that it causes Tom's racket to burst into flame when it grazes the handle. Tom grabs another racket and serves three balls to Butch. Butch then splits his racket into three and returns all three balls back into Tom's mouth, and they settle into his tail.  Tom's next serve resembles a badminton serve and he pulls the net to force a drop shot. Butch then hits the ball hard into the ground and Tom has to stretch his arm all the way to the end of the court to make the return. Butch is then shown making many returns at the net, but the ball is actually bouncing off Tom's face. The ball eventually bounces back toward the end of Butch's court and Butch hits it with a lot of backspin, causing it to buzz in the air. Tom tries to chase after the ball, but ends up running into the post of the net and wrapping himself in the net. Jerry now gets in the fun by playing the cats against each other. He hands Tom a small white bomb which looks like a tennis ball so as to blow up Butch. Jerry winks at Tom and Tom winks back. Tom lights the bomb and serves it to Butch. Butch is about to return the bomb but it explodes just before he makes contact with it, making him look like a blackfaced ballet dancer. Jerry then removes a round, white piece of a gate that resembles a tennis ball. It is heavy enough to cause Butch to be pulled into the ground when he grabs it. Jerry winks at Butch, who winks back and swings the racket, allowing the force of the net to serve the heavy ball to Tom. The overconfident Tom gets hit in the head and breaks into pieces. Jerry starts to laugh at this and then he ducks out of the way as Tom is trying to hit him with tennis balls. Jerry ends up swallowing one of the tennis balls and he gets used as a rodent tennis ball between the two cats. After a small rally, Jerry lands up walking on the net like a tightrope and then wobbles onto Butch's head. Tom swings, hitting Butch instead and then throwing him onto the ground behind Tom. Butch is about to hit Tom but he sees Jerry running away on the other side of the court and he hits a tennis ball toward Jerry. Jerry grabs a tennis racquet and starts rallying with Butch. Tom gets involved in the rally when a ball gets stuck in his mouth, which Butch simply hits out of it. Butch runs through a chain link fence to return the next shot by Jerry, and Jerry has to move the sideline after a ball hits the net and drops over. Tom tries to get involved again, but Butch stops him. The rally continues and Butch runs back and forth on his side of the court with Tom next to him. Jerry then hits a really high ball and both cats run toward each other with an attempt to hit the ball, but they crash into each other and become a pair of conjoined cats. They separate and realize that they need to work together. They run toward Jerry and he runs toward an automatic tennis ball server, activating it at its highest speed. The huge force of the tennis balls hits the cats before they can dodge them, pushing them into the net, then through it all the way into a tree thousands of feet away, where they get tangled in the net, acting like marionettes. Jerry is then shown putting on a fancy jacket and he writes his name on a tennis trophy cup. He then stands and waves to a crowd of people and accepts his championship cup."] [" Picking up several months after the events of the first film, Kenai  - now a cave bear - is living happily with his foster brother Koda . Having just awoken from hibernation, the bears are off to Crowberry Ridge for the first berries of the season. Unfortunately, Kenai's haunted by memories of his childhood friend Nita , to whom he gave a special amulet many years ago. When he was a human child, he became friends with Nita, the daughter of the elder of a neighboring tribe. The pair's past friendship collides with the present as Kenai and Nita must undertake an excursion as bear and woman, respectively. The bears Kenai and Koda are on their way to Crowberry Ridge when they meet up with Nita, Kenai's childhood friend. Nita was given an amulet from Kenai, and wants to burn it at Hokani Falls so she can marry Atka (voiced by [[Jeff Bennett . However, she has to do it with Kenai  to send the bond back up to the spirits. At first, Kenai refuses, but finally agrees. Nita misses Kenai, but does not tell him. Instead, she asks if he misses being human, and if he ever thought of changing back. He replies that he has thought about it. Koda, who heard it all, races up a mountain and is finally found by Nita. They make it to Hokani Falls, and burn the amulet. Nita can no longer understand animals, so she says goodbye. Koda asks his mom in the spirit-land to turn Kenai back into a man so he can be happy. Koda goes to the village to retrieve Nita, and Kenai is told by Rutt and Tuke (voiced by Rick Moranis and [[Dave Thomas . Koda cannot go to the village because they will try to kill him. Kenai makes it there, and gets into a fight with Atka. He falls off a cliff into shallow water, where the spirits come. Koda tells Kenai that he asked the spirits to change him back into a man. Kenai tells Nita that he cannot because he does not want to leave Koda, but Nita tells him that she can. So, she turns into a bear that has same coloring as Kenai, and they get married. The film ends with Kenai and Nita getting married and Rutt and Tuke finding mates, and the spirits changing the picture of young Nita and Kenai into two bear cubs, since neither are human any more."] ['Best friends Tod, a fox cub,  and Copper, a hound puppy,  visit a country fair when they see a band of dogs called "The Singin\' Strays". The band has five members: Dixie , Cash , Granny Rose , and twin brothers Waylon and Floyd . It is important that they perform well because a talent scout from the Grand Ole Opry will be at the fair. Cash and Dixie get into an argument, and Dixie walks off before their performance, forcing them to go on stage without her. During the show Copper sings along, and Cash invites the pup up on stage to sing with them. The musical number is a success. Cash invites Copper to join the band, which he does upon promising that he is a "stray". Copper spends the entire day with Cash, forgetting his promise to watch fireworks with Tod. Dixie finds Tod and sympathizes with his feelings of abandonment. During their conversation, Tod lets it slip that Copper isn\'t a stray, and Dixie hatches a plan to get Copper out of the band with Tod\'s help. Tod lures Copper\'s owner, Slade, to the fair in a wild chase. The chase leads to widespread mayhem in the fair, and the Singin\' Strays\' performance is sabotaged right in front of the talent scout Mr. Bickerstaff. Copper is fired from the band and returns home with Slade. Granny Rose and the rest of the members of Cash\'s band feel quite sorry for Copper about this and therefore the band breaks up. Tod is sorry for ruining everything, and is brought home by Widow Tweed. Along the way, Tweed narrowly misses being hit by the talent scout\'s car, and Bickerstaff\'s hat flies off and lands on Tod. The following day, Tod and Copper admit their mistakes and are friends again. Hoping to amend for his doings, Tod gives Bickerstaff\'s hat to Copper, who uses it to track down the talent scout at a local diner. Tod tricks Cash and Dixie into thinking the other is in trouble, and the entire band end up meeting up at the diner. Copper convinces the band the importance of harmony, and The Singin\' Strays howl a reprise of their song We\'re in Harmony, attracting the attention of the talent scout. Impressed with the band, he arranges for the dogs to perform at the Grand Ole Opry. The film ends with Copper choosing to leave the band and play with Tod again.'] [' {{nihongo}} is a 21-minute short film that is shown before Mewtwo Strikes Back in both the theatrical, VHS and the DVD version of the main film. It is the first of the "Pikachu shorts" in what would be a traditional process of hosting a 20+ minute mini-movie before the main Pokémon feature that would last up until the sixth that would follow, focuses primarily on an action-packed affair involving solely the Pokémon seen from the anime as they take part in a scenario that eventually illustrates a moral. In Pokémon fan communities, Pikachu\'s Vacation was noted for introducing the never-before-seen Pokémon character Snubbull, as well as the first primary anime appearance of Marill. This became a tradition for all Pikachu shorts, as they were used to introduce new Pokémon from the upcoming "generations" of Pokémon games, cards, and anime material. When Ash and his friends stumble upon a Pokémon-only vacation resort, they decide to let their Pokémon have a day of fun and relaxation and let all their Pokémon out as the trainers go relaxing on their own. Pikachu and the Pokémon (Bulbasaur, Charizard, Squirtle, Pidgeotto, Geodude, Onix, Vulpix, [[Zubat  go off into the resort and immediately contend with an unhappy Togepi, which they succeed in doing. Soon, a group of border-ruffian Pokémon — a Raichu, Cubone, Snubbull, and Marill — come along and immediately cause trouble for Pikachu\'s group. The ensuing standoff soon becomes a series of competitions such as a swimming race. Their increasingly passionate rivalry soon comes to a standstill when Pikachu\'s companion Charizard finds its head stuck. Putting aside their squabble, Pikachu and Raichu\'s groups join together to release Charizard, and they soon find themselves as friends for the rest of the day. At the end of the day, Pikachu and his fellow Pokémon leave the resort with fond memories and new friends and rejoin their trainers.  The Pokémon Mewtwo was created in an island laboratory from the DNA of Mew, a rare Pokémon believed to be extinct, recovered from fossilized remains. Displeased with the concept of being nothing more than a mere lab experiment, Mewtwo destroys the laboratory.http://www.nydailynews.com/archives/entertainment/1999/11/10/1999-11-10__pokemon__a_catchy_toon_crea.html{{dead link}} Shortly afterward, he meets Giovanni, the head of Team Rocket, who proposes a partnership with the Pokémon in exchange of helping it control its powers. Mewtwo is "trained" over the next few months, being pitted against challengers in Giovanni\'s gym and restraining Pokémon for Team Rocket to capture. Mewtwo eventually realizes that Giovanni is merely using him as a tool and destroys his headquarters. Mewtwo flies back to the island where it was created and begins plotting revenge against humanity. Meanwhile, Ash Ketchum and his friends Misty, Brock, Pikachu, and all their Pokémon companions receive an invitation to a party hosted by the world\'s "greatest Pokémon Master" on New Island. Ash and his friends are excited and rush to the docks in an attempt to catch a boat to New Island, but a storm is mysteriously formed and all boat rides to the island are canceled. Undeterred, several trainers make their way out to the island by riding their Pokémon, though neither Ash nor his friends have any Pokémon of their own that can help them safely navigate the stormy sea. In their latest plot to steal rare Pokémon, Team Rocket offers the trio a lift to the island, disguised as a pair of Vikings, but their small wooden boat is destroyed by a wave. Ash and his friends manage to reach the island with their aquatic Pokémon, and are escorted inside the palace on the island. Mewtwo reveals itself to Ash, his friends, and three other trainers who braved the storm battle as the "World\'s Greatest Pokémon Master," and that it had created the storm with its powers to test the trainers\' wills. After being berated by Mewtwo for the relationships they share with their Pokémon, Ash and some of the other trainers challenge Mewtwo after witnessing Mewtwo\'s confession of having kidnapped Nurse Joy for his own personal purposes, the trainers pit their Pokémon against clones of Venusaur, Blastoise, and Charizard. The clones easily defeat the trainers\' Pokémon. Mewtwo proceeds to steal all the Pokémon present, including Ash\'s Pikachu, with a special set of Poké Balls. Ash pursues his Pokémon as they are taken deep into a cloning facility on the island and rescues them while they are being cloned. The clones join with Mewtwo and the cloning machine explodes, releasing all the captured Pokémon. Mewtwo announces its intentions to overthrow humanity with its army of Pokémon and rule the world. Enraged, Ash lashes out at Mewtwo, who repels and blasts him away with its psychic powers. Ash is saved by Mew, the rare, playful Pokémon having appeared periodically before, who is engaged by Mewtwo. A brutal battle between the trainers\' Pokémon and their clones erupts, although Pikachu refuses to fight with its own clone . The trainers are unable to bear this senseless violence, even while the two sides grow fatigued and Mew and Mewtwo continue fighting. In an attempt to put an end to the ordeal, Mew and Mewtwo sum up all their remaining powers for one final duel. As they open fire however, Ash runs to the center of the arena in a brave but desperate attempt to stop the fight. Ash is turned into stone in the attack, and he collapses in the center of the arena. Pikachu runs to the side of its now-deceased trainer. After trying to get him off the floor, Pikachu attempts again using Thunderbolt, but in vain. In its grief, Pikachu starts crying for its fallen master, the other Pokémon in the arena doing the same. The tears reach Ash, their mystical healing powers reviving him. As everyone rejoices, Mewtwo, taken aback by Ash\'s act of selflessness to save all the Pokémon, has an epiphany over the relationship between humans and Pokémon, and realizes that the circumstances of how one is born should not be allowed to divide anyone. It leaves the island with Mew and the cloned Pokémon, erasing everyone else\'s memory of the horrifying incident, knowing it is for the best. Ash and his friends find themselves back on the docks with no idea how they got there. Ash looks up to the sky and spots Mew flying past, and recounts to his friends how he saw a rare Pokémon on the first day of his journey.'] [" The plot centers on Team Rocket and their newest base. The Pokémon of Team Rocket had managed to successfully captured three Whismur, which were to provide entertainment to Giovanni when he arrived. To force the Whismur to cooperate, Meowth had a baton that, when a switch was pressed on the end, made Pokémon dance uncontrollably. Meanwhile, Pikachu, Treecko, Torchic, Mudkip, and Lotad stumble upon the base, and attempt to free the Whismur. One of the running gags in the short is how the dancing Baton is activated or deactivated by accident, which leads to the accidental destruction of the base. Eventually, a Ludicolo and a Loudred are also involved.  The story revolves around the Millennium Comet, which appears in the night sky for seven days once every thousand years. It is, at the same time, when the legendary Pokémon Jirachi awakens from a long slumber to absorb the comet's energy. This energy, in turn, is released into the Earth itself, making an area known as Forina grow. This time, however, a magician known as Butler, along with his longtime girlfriend Diane, unearth the stone that had encased Jirachi, and take it away from Forina. Meanwhile, in celebration of the Millennium Comet appearance, Ash Ketchum and company arrive at a wide crater, which is where the festival of the Millennium Comet is meant to be. They then decide to wait until morning and go to sleep. While they're sleeping, the festival arrives; Pikachu, Ash's companion, wakes up and wakes all the others, and they watch the festival being set up. At the festival, May buys a seven-panelled novelty that is said to grant a person one wish if a panel is closed for each night the comet appears and is visible in the sky. When Ash and Max accidentally volunteer for one of Butler's magic tricks (because [[Max , Max is introduced to Jirachi, who he hears talking from inside the rock. Butler lets Max take the rock, which hatches into Jirachi later that night. Before Jirachi hatches, May buys a wish from a man who says she has to reveal her wish by the last day of the Millenium Comet. Hoping the wishing ability was true, Max wishes for candy, lots of candy, and it appears—but it is revealed that instead of creating the candy, Jirachi teleported it from a stall in the festival. The intentions of Butler are soon revealed: he was a former scientist for Team Magma who was seeking to resurrect the legendary Pokémon Groudon. Butler had devised the perfect system, but could not find the necessary amount of power; to this end, he had hoped to use the energy Jirachi absorbed for his own purposes. Seeing this danger, the Pokémon Absol, whose presence usually indicated impending disaster, takes Diane and Jirachi, along with Ash and friends, back to Forina. Unbeknownst to them, Butler had set a trap once they returned to where Jirachi was found, and manages to capture Jirachi. Butler attempts to harness Jirachi's power, but is interrupted inside the tent by Ash and his friends. With the help of Diane, they take Butler's bus to Forina so that Jirachi can go home; unknown to them, Butler's Mightyena places a tracking device on the bus as it is leaving. As Ash and his friends travel along bumpy terrain, the device falls off, but Butler still discovers where they are headed. Before the day before Jirachi has to return Max feels upset about losing a friend so Ash tells him about one of his friends Misty and that even though they don't see each other anymore they will always be friends. But before they make it back to Jirachi's home they realize that Butler had followed them there, once again steals Jirachi, and tries to take its power again.  When Butler sets his plan in motion, however, a fake Groudon is created instead, and begins to turn Forina into a wasteland, absorbing the energy from the earth, killing all the plants in sight and absorbing all living creatures. When Diane is absorbed by the fake Groudon, Butler realizes his longtime relationship with Diane is what was important, and with Ash and Max's help he is able to reverse the process, causing the fake Groudon to meltdown and die. Eventually, Jirachi reabsorbs the energy used to create Groudon, and leaves for another thousand years of slumber. May, in all the excitement, forgets to close the last panel of her novelty, but simply brushes it off. Though she never reveals just what she wished for, she is confident it will come true. During the end credits, May gets tired of walking until the man who sold her the wishing star gives them a lift with his truck. Then they look at stars, which form Pokémon from Teddiursa to Pikachu. After that they all watch the festival fireworks. {{clear}}"] ['At the end of a raid on a cheese factory, Hubie steps out of a wheel of cheese fat and nauseated. Bertie stumbles out after. Hubie determines that, based on the amount of cheese the average mouse eats in their lifetime , they\'ve eaten enough to have lived two thousand years . Determining that they can no longer stomach cheese, and with nothing else to live for, they determine their only course of action: suicide. They return home, where they write a generic suicide note  with a not-so-generic postscript , and introduce themselves to the gullet of a sleeping Claude Cat. Claude immediately wakes up and spits the mice out. Believing that there is "something rotten in Denmark", he figures the mice are poisoned, and refuses to eat them. He tries to convince himself it\'s a dream, but after several attempts realizes it\'s no dream. He tries to bribe the mice with cheese; when they vehemently refuse the offer, Claude questions his own sanity. The mice insist on being eaten and take to him with a hammer so as to make him angry enough to eat them, but Claude stops at the last second. Claude concludes that he\'s now too scared to eat mice, has no more reason to live, and also decides to commit suicide. Leaving an equally generic suicide note with a similarly-strange postscript , Claude heads outside and punches the sleeping bulldog. The bulldog sees Claude standing there blindfolded and with a cigarette , and asks what\'s going on. When Claude begs the dog to "massacre" him, the bulldog thinks there is "something decidedly fishy here". It gets worse when Hubie and Bertie run out, trying to get Claude to eat them. The bulldog figures out that Claude no longer wants to eat mice, and now the mice don\'t like cheese, but after using an adding machine to figure it out, concludes, "It just don\'t add up!" He runs after a dog catcher wanting to get committed , with Claude  and the mice  in hot pursuit, still bent on ending their own lives.'] ['{{plot}} At Sandy\'s treedome, Sandy is putting up Christmas lights. SpongeBob, who is in his karate gear and preparing to attack her, mistakes it for a fire, and rushes inside, throwing water onto it. Sandy asks him what he was doing, and SpongeBob replies he believed there was a fire. Sandy is shocked that SpongeBob has never heard of Christmas, and tells him all about it. Later, at the Krusty Krab, SpongeBob tells his friends about Christmas. Everyone believes him, and everyone, except Squidward, puts their Christmas wishes into bottles, which are then shot up to the surface so Santa can read it. In the days leading up to Christmas, the people of Bikini Bottom heartily celebrate, and on Christmas Eve, stand in front of the large decorated coral tree and sing, eagerly awaiting the arrival of Santa. Meanwhile, Squidward, refusing to believe in Christmas, is wanting no part of it. The people continue to sing until morning, when Santa has failed to arrive . Everyone leaves and SpongeBob becomes very depressed. Squidward appears, laughing and scoffing at his humiliation, and takes a photo of the heartbroken SpongeBob. As he sulks away, he gives Squidward a present. Squidward, now feeling sorry for SpongeBob, opens it, and finds a handmade driftwood clarinet. He now realizes that he is a "big jerk", dresses up as Santa much to the delight of SpongeBob. SpongeBob thanks "Santa" for bringing Christmas to Bikini Bottom, and Squidward tells him that he did. SpongeBob passes out from joy, and Gary carries him home. Squidward prepares to take the costume off, but is confronted by a little girl, asking him for a present. SpongeBob suddenly appears beside her, assuring her that he will. Out of desperation, Squidward gives the child a wrench from his house. He then sees a crowd of people, who want their gifts as well, and ends up giving away everything he owns. Afterwards, Squidward finds a message from Santa on his doorstep, thanking him for his help and telling him that he\'s been a "good boy". He then sees the real Santa Claus  riding away in his sleigh. The dumbfounded Squidward says "Yep. I\'m insane." and goes back inside, playing his new clarinet.'] ['{{plot}} The movie starts with the history of how dragons came to be. The dragons and their crystals of power came to the human world through a portal from their world. But while the dragons brought knowledge and wanted only peace, the kingdoms of Norvagen and Draigar wanted war and, having misused the knowledge brought by the dragons, battled erupted. Thoron, the Dragon King and holder of the legendary Aurathon crystal, appointed Xenoz the wizard as an ambassador for both the dragons and the two kingdoms with gifts of immortality and power over the dragon crystals. However, when things started looking good, an evil force came upon the land and killed the Dragon Queen. After this, The Dragon King and many followers returned to their world, vowing to return only after the wars have ended. In the present day, King Olsef of the Norvagen Kingdom is giving his son, Prince Dev, some practice for battle while expressing his hatred the Draigar hunting the remaining dragons. While Dev\'s practice shows him to be too impulsive, Olsef believes nevertheless that he is ready to begin riding on Targon, the only dragon that they have left. Meanwhile, in the Draigar kingdom, King Siddari is training Princess Kyra in the same form and blames the Norvagen for the disappearances of the dragons. Xenoz comes by to give the same blessing he gave to Dev so that Kyra can begin flying on their last dragon, Aurora. During the flight, the dragons are drawn to a fireball in the sky where a portal opens and a black dragon on fire falls through, knocking the dragons and royals into an old battle field. The black dragon absorbs a green crystal on its neck and marks both the children with his magical tears, disappearing into the ground soonafter. As Dev and Kyra prepare to fight, their fathers appear and duel. While Dev and Kyra are taken away by their dragons, Xenoz watches through his scrying crystal, stating that the battle begins again. Eight years later, Dev and Kyra are both teenagers and want the war to end, but their fathers object to their ideas on how it should. They both violate orders and continue with their ideas anyway, catching the eye of Xenoz in the process. The two royals fight until their fathers and armies show up to fight to the death once and for all. Just before the battle commences, an army of vorgans show up and capture the kings. Xenoz arrives just in time to save Dev and Kyra and takes them to his ice mountain home. Once there, Xenoz recommends that they retrieve the Aurathon from a rogue dragon in order to rescue their fathers. In the cave where the dragon resides, they fight him but are quickly overpowered. The dragon then reveals that they were sent there to try and trick him into giving the Aurathon\'s location so that Xenoz could take it for himself. They escape the following vorgan attack and go to the Ring of Oroborus. There, the Dragon reveals himself to be the Dragon King Thoron. The kings, meanwhile, have discovered Xenoz\'s treachery when they learn that he kept the bones of dragons he had slain. Thoron explains the truth behind everything that made him leave. When Xenoz was granted the ability to use dragon crystals, it was only to promote good things between the two worlds. However, Xenoz conspired to kill the Dragon Queen with the help of an evil dragon named Stendahl and her ice crystal. When Thoron arrived, he flamed them in his fury, but it wasn\'t strong enough. He took Stendahl back to the dragon and imprisoned him. Stendahl broke free 1,000 years later and attacked Thoron again. During the battle, the Aurathon became activated. While Stendahl was stopped, he hurled Thoron through where he bumped into the royals eight years earlier. Knowing he didn\'t have any strength to fight Xenoz , he absorbed the Aurathon into himself and placed it inside Dev and Kyra. Knowing now where their abilities came from, Dev and Kyra begin practicing their powers over wind and fire. Unfortunately, they tear a hole in the Ring of Oroborus, alerting Xenoz to their position. They escape the attack with Targon and Aurora\'s help and head for Xenoz\'s castle. Back at the castle, Xenoz summons ice dragons to fight Thoron. Dev and Kyra break in and quickly dispatch the vorgan guards but are captured by Xenoz, who uses a mind-reading crystal to discover the Aurathon\'s hiding place within Dev and Kyra. He then proceeds to extract it from their bodies. Thoron crashes through and falls to the base of the castle, where he discovers the skeleton of his queen. With a new driving force, he heads off to fight Xenoz. After betraying Gortaz, the leader of the vorgans, Xenoz gets hit in the face by Kyra. A mask falls off to reveal that Xenoz\'s face is burned. The downside of Xenoz\'s immortality was that he could never heal himself and he wants revenge for this. He opens the portal to Dragon World but Thoron gets in the way. However, Xenoz traps him in ice then explains that Dev and Kyra are weak and cannot do anything. Thoron begs to differ, pointing out that Dev and Kyra were chosen by the dragons themselves. With this, Dev and Kyra use their elemental abilities to break free and put the Aurathon back on Thoron\'s necklace. Thoron sticks himself in front of Xenoz\'s ice shards, seemingly sacrificing himself. However, he stands back up and then drags Xenoz back to Dragon World. With Xenoz gone, the ice castle begins to fall apart, so the kings and their children escape on Targon and Aurora. The next day, both Norvagen and Draigar armies celebrate at Olsef\'s castle. During the celebration, the dragons return. Dev and Kyra jump on to Targon and Aurora to join the flight. As the celebration continues, Xenoz vows from his prison in Dragon World,"This is not over!".'] ['{{Plot}}  The camera pans through a bowling alley and stops at a bowling ball labeled "No. 8", which a smiling Jerry pops out of and then rappels down to the floor. The mouse slides into an alley and begins to use it as an ice skating rink after discovering its slippery properties. At this point, Tom peeks out from behind two bowling balls and decides to use stealth to catch the mouse. At this point, Jerry runs out of alley and falls back on the regular floor. Jerry gets a good running start to run back into the lane and trips over Tom\'s tail as Tom sits there, doing nothing and waiting for the mouse to discover him. Oblivious, he moves Tom\'s tail out of the way and starts to run until he almost runs into Tom\'s mouth. Knowing who is on top of him, Jerry returns the cat\'s tail to its original position, grooms it, and then speeds under the unsuspecting feline. Tom chases Jerry onto the bowling lane, but he slips when he hits the alley. Jerry seizes the chance to play with the cat, uses a T-stop, and returns to the struggling Tom, who manages to make it to his feet. Jerry slides nonchalantly next to him and blows on Tom\'s hind legs, causing Tom to fall again. Jerry then grabs Tom\'s tail and whips him across the building into an ashtray. The cat comes to his senses and gags and spits out all the ash in the manner of a volcano. Jerry waves at Tom from where the pins are set up as Tom grabs a bowling ball and tries to throw it at the pins. However, Tom cannot throw and he lets go of it in the air, and the ball lands directly on his back. Jerry laughs as Tom then throws the ball like a hammer in the Olympics. This succeeds, and Jerry braces himself against the 1-pin as the impact comes. It only jiggles the pin and mouse as the ball returns the same way it came. Tom throws the ball again and starts bowling the pins down as Jerry hangs on to the 1-pin and jumps it out of the way. By the fourth ball, there is only Jerry\'s pin and the 7 and 10 still remaining and it breaks through the bottom of the pin, leaving the mouse subject to gravity once he realizes the situation. Jerry then hides behind one pin as Tom converts the resulting snakebite split with the fifth ball.  Tom then prepares himself like a bowler for ball 6 by using a towel and powder. He successfully throws the ball at Jerry, who picks up the pin next to him and swings it like a baseball bat. He hits the bowling ball and the pin splits in half. The ball then comes back toward Tom, who backs up like an outfielder all the way to the bar section of the alley, all for the ball to hit him, and the cat falls through the floor. Tom recovers and pokes his head out of the hole to see the ball staring down at him. The pins have been reloaded as Jerry waves at the still-stunned cat. Tom throws his ball at Jerry, but his thumb gets stuck in it and he ends up going down the lane with the ball, making a strike as Jerry hangs on to the pin setter. Then the pin setter covers Tom and shapes him into a bowling pin. Jerry escapes, but Tom then pushes a line of bowling balls toward Jerry in the fashion of train cars. Jerry outruns the balls by hiding underneath the ball-eject lane, and the balls recede into it. Jerry sets out back the other way, but the balls come out again and start heading back to where they came. Tom sees this and opens his mouth ready to eat the mouse when the "train" runs into him. However, Jerry manages to hide in the lead ball, and Tom is choked by that ball and run over by the rest of the "train". Jerry then pops out of his hiding place as Tom is thrown after him by the "train" unseating him. The balls carry Tom up to the ball rack and the last one manages to squeeze him through the arch. Tom runs directly into Jerry\'s ball at the end, and the ball that knocked him through also comes toward him, smacking the cat between the two bowling balls and knocking him silly. Jerry pokes out of his ball, and Tom revives and sees him return into it. The cat sticks his finger into the holes of the bowling balls to dig out the mouse, but Jerry ends up biting him. Jerry flies back into the ball and Tom then blows into the holes of the bowling balls. This causes Jerry to pop out, but only as long as Tom blows. He continues to blow Jerry out until Tom has enough time to catch Jerry in the air before falling back into the ball. However, the ball drops on Tom\'s left foot, causing the cat to clutch it in pain and release the mouse. Tom chases after Jerry, but Jerry stops him and then stomps on the same foot again.  Jerry jumps into another bowling ball, and Tom covers it with a cloth, thinking that he has caught Jerry. However, Jerry pops out of another ball behind Tom, grabs Tom\'s tail, and threads it through the holes of the ball and ties it in a knot. The mouse then stands in front of Tom, who is tying the cloth around the ball he thinks Jerry is in. Tom is having trouble tying the cloth, so Jerry helps him by placing his hand on it. The surprised cat unties the knot, and seeing no mouse, realises his stupidity and chases the fleeing Jerry. However, it becomes a lot harder because of the ball tied to his tail. It smacks Tom in the rear twice as the mouse hides behind a corner. Tom catches Jerry, but the backwards momentum of the ball causes the cat to let go. Jerry runs under a bench and Tom can\'t follow him due to the width and height of the ball. When Tom can no longer move, he turns around and sees the situation before the ball breaks free from the bench and slams into him, sending Tom down the lane, through the pins, through a wall and into a trash can. Jerry then stands over his scorecard and writes that his last frame was a strike, allowing him to have bowled a perfect game.'] ['Shinchan and his parents including Shiro  along with his friends and families go on a cruise to for several days to meet Action Kamen . But a group of monkeys raid the ship and all the middle aged men and women who boarded the ship above 18 years are taken to an island at night. The movie starts when lollipop  was going to be killed by one man who is Action Kamen\'s rival. But Action Kamen comes and attacks the man, but the man was so omnipotent that Action Kamen fell on the ground unconscious. And Lollipop was being killed by being tied to the rope and releasing her down on the fire below . But unfortunately it becomes a suspense as it shows till that much, which disappoints shinchan. He was watching that part on TV. And on the TV it also came that if they wanted to watch the whole movie, they have to go on a cruise. So shinchan wanted to ask his mom. This was the first part. The second part is when Shinchan was on ship lying down along with his friends Kazama, Masao, Nene and Bo-Chan  on a Swimming chair whereas their parents are sitting on their respective seats chatting about how did Bo Chan\'s mother sent him alone on the cruise. Not only that but also Shinchan\'s father was lying on the seat where Mitsy argues with him for some reason and Harry or Hiroshi grumbles that he has asked for a leave not for arguing. Himavari  was with them too. Shinchan says "Everyone might be missing me!" whereas in the Kasukabe city, all the people who knew shinchan were happy, that Shinchan isn\'t there. In the evening, all the people were waiting for the helicopter where Action Kamen was coming. When he came, the movie in the ship was starting. Everyone excluding the parents came in the theatre, which was in the ship itself. All the children loved action Kamen so some of them wanted to sit beside him. When the movie started, they showed the same part which was airing on TV. On the other hand all the parents were loitering around the ship. Hiroshi and Mitsy were looking at the sea where there was an island. Suddenly Hiroshi Spots something. A tribe of monkeys were coming in the ship. And suddenly in the movie theatre, the same part which Shinchan wanted to see expectedly went off again !'] ['A snowstorm leaves everyone in the House of Mouse stranded and "bah-humbug" Donald doesn\'t have any Christmas spirit. Mickey and all the other guests get hot chocolate and cookies to make Donald feel his Christmas spirit. The fun starts when Minnie gets the Christmas cartoons to watch. Their magical memories see to it that everyone has a holiday spirit, even Donald. At the end, everyone gets together and sings a musical number, "The Best Christmas of All". Among the Christmas cartoons included in this special are Mickey\'s Christmas Carol and a comic version of The Nutcracker narrated by John Cleese, and starring Mickey as the Nutcracker, Minnie Mouse as Clara, Donald Duck as the Mouse King, Ludwig von Drake as a Drosselmeyer-like character, and Goofy as the Sugar Plum Fairy.'] ['The story begins sometime after the third season with Valtor defeated and the magical dimension safe for the time being. An unseen narrator begins to speak about a girl who discovered that she was a fairy and a princess: Bloom. Though her story is a magical one, it is one without an ending. The story will only have one when the girl writes the ending-i.e. creates the ending. The scene changes to show six cloaked figures: the Winx. Bloom and her friends are on a search for Bloom\'s parents, King Oritel and Queen Marion which could change Bloom\'s life forever. The girls are on their way to find Hagen, a blacksmith who once forged the Sword of King Oritel. The girls successfully sneak into the castle but due to Stella\'s mistake, are forced to battle Hagen\'s robot guards. Fortunately, Bloom ends the battle by using her Dragon Flame to destroy their power source. Hagen then holds Bloom at sword-point in anger for the Winx girls trespassing his castle but Faragonda arrives in time to stop him. At Alfea, Bloom, Hagen and Faragonda talk in her office. On Hagen\'s comment on the decoration of the school, Faragonda explains that some fairies are leaving the school to end their journey and become Guardian Fairies: All of the Winx except Bloom, as her Enchantix is still dangerously incomplete. Bloom then asks Hagen if he can sense the sword that he forged for her father, a mystical sword that can never be separated from its rightful master. Hagen states that he has been searching for the sword for years to find her parents, but has not sensed it at all. Hagen tells her that she must face reality; her birth parents are not coming back. Bloom, faced with the revelation that her dreams are over, runs off in tears and avoids her friends. She goes to the top of the castle where she watches the graduation ceremony. There, she befriends a small cat after she appears, whom she names Purr. Talking to her and Kiko, she explains that she feels that "the world has lost all it\'s colors, there is no more hope". Sadly, she sees her five best friends become Guardian Fairies  and graduate. Whispering that she loves them, she turns away in grief. Sky appears and comforts her. Bloom is upset that all she and the Winx have done won\'t matter any more. Sky however tells her, "School might be over but life goes on." Riven also speaks to Hagen, asking him why he left the Company of Light. Hagen explains that they all have darkness and light inside them, the key is keeping the darkness in check. That night, there is a party and Bloom dances with Sky on the grounds. He encourages her to keep looking for her parents despite Hagen\'s words. Unfortunately, a ship arrives and Sky is forced to leave with a mysterious girl. As he goes, he promises Bloom that he will explain everything and never leave her. Back in the dorm, the girls decide to remember the good times by partying together one last time. The next morning, Bloom leaves for Earth to stay with her adoptive parents for the time-being. Though she seems happy, Mike feels that Bloom is uncomfortable living on Earth. Vanessa agrees, stating, "This is not her world anymore." One night, Bloom sees in a dream what happened to her parents. Her father was pulled into another dimension by the Ancestral witches while her mother absorbed herself into the sword in order to be with him. Daphne then appears and tells Bloom that there is still hope; their parents are still alive. She gives Bloom her mask, telling her it will help her to see Domino before it was destroyed. She also tells her about the Book of Fate, a book their father, Oritel, kept that tells the whole entire history of Domino. Daphne gives Bloom its location before she vanishes, telling Bloom that she is not alone. The restoration of Bloom\'s hope triggers the sword of King Oritel, deep within the Obsidian Circle. Its glow troubles the spectral, spiritual forms of the three Ancestral Witches, since they believed they destroyed all of Domino inhabitants. Obsidian\'s Keeper, Mandragora, appears before them asking for the ability to escape Obsidian so she can search for the cause of the sword\'s reactivation. The witches agree. In the morning, Bloom is surprised to see all of her friends plus Sky there to celebrate her birthday. Bloom tells them her plan and they all agree to help her. They head to Domino where Bloom wears the mask and finds that Domino was actually a beautiful place before it was destroyed and covered with ice and snow. The group head towards the mountains where the book is hidden but Tecna tells them that a legendary bird named the Roc is guarding the library. The boys climb the mountain but thanks to Sky and Riven\'s arguing, the Roc awakens and flies off with the guys hanging on for dear life. The girls run to the ship and manage to calm the bird with Musa\'s music and let it land. Inside the library, they meet Bartelby, Oritel\'s scribe in spiritual form, who shows them the Book of Fate. In it, they discover that Oritel as well as all the people of Domino are trapped in a horrible dimension called Obsidian. Bloom learns that she must travel there to free them. Wanting to learn more, Bartelby lets her turn the page but discovers jumbled words; the future has not yet been written. Meanwhile, Riven is bitten by Mandragora\'s spy bug and becomes her puppet. Soon after, Alfea is attacked by Mandragora but the Winx, Mirta, the teachers and Faragonda are able to stop her. Bloom asks Faragonda to tell her more about Obsidian and learns about its cruel nature, how all the nightmares of the universe are within it. Just before they leave, Bloom looks at the Book of Fate and is shocked to see her parents wedding photo turn into a picture of her and Sky at the altar. Throwing the book aside in surprise, the picture changes into everyone fixing the school, which soon comes true. The group head to Pixie Village where they enter the Tree of Portals. Only Bloom stays behind as she is not yet a guardian fairy and cannot miniaturize. Unfortunately, Jolly triggers an explosion inside the tree which causes the keys to become jumbled. Thankfully, Lockette finds the correct key and they all head to the gateway to the Obsidian dimension. As the girls enter, Mandragora appears and Riven begins to battle Sky. As he is about to stab him, Musa jumps in front of him and is injured. Riven sees what he has done and recalls all that they have been through together. He lifts her up and tells her that he now knows what he must fight for-her and they kiss passionately. In Obsidian, the girls battle their greatest fears but survive. Next, Bloom sees a figure of stone that looks like her father. To her horror, the Ancestral Witches tell her that the figure is her father frozen in stone, the same fate as all inhabitants of her planet. The witches force her to make a choice between destroying the sword and saving her Earth parents or taking the sword and letting Mandragora kill them. Luckily, Bloom sees that in the image, her father is not sneezing as he pets Ron-her father is allergic to cats- and realizes that it is a trick. Sky arrives moments later and takes the sword, but supposedly dies, as he is not a king and only a king can take the sword. Feeling all alone, Bloom is ready to give up when Daphne appears and reminds her that she is never alone. Bloom wears the mask, and Daphne joins with her to destroy the witches. However, Mandragora returns and, using her body as a host, the Ancestral Witches begin to strangle Bloom. Sky stabs Mandragora with Oritel\'s sword, destroying her and the entire Obsidian Circle, freeing everyone and placing Miriam back in fairy form. Sky explains that he is now King of Eraklyon and that his coronation was the night he left Bloom at Alfea. Domino is restored and Bloom is finally reunited with her birth parents. There is a party afterwards where Oritel and Miriam promise Bloom that they will be around for the rest of her life. Mike and Vanessa are there too and Bloom hugs them affectionately. Oritel begins the traditional father-daughter dance but lets Bloom dance with Sky. As the whole group dances, Sky swings by Brandon and Stella and takes a beautiful blue and silver box from Brandon. Moving away, Sky shows her a diamond ring. Leaning down, he whispers quietly to Bloom, asking her if she will marry him. Happier than ever, Bloom accepts and kisses him passionately. He proposes again in the second movie. Bartelby then appears by the Book of Fate, telling the audience that the prophecy has been fulfilled and there is a new Company of Light-The Winx. However, the three Ancestral Witches have not been destroyed. Instead, they were freed and are finding new bodies to take over and destroy the Winx. They are shown with their descendants, the Trix, Icy, Darcy, and Stormy, cackling madly, which could imply that they have taken over their bodies.'] ['A battle with Ultron leaves The Avengers defeated, with the heroes killed during the fight, and the world at the mercy of Ultron\'s machine army. Iron Man/Tony Stark is told by Captain America to take the Avengers\' children to a fortified refuge hidden above the Arctic Circle. The children are James Rogers (son of [[Black Widow , Henry Pym Jr. (son of Giant-Man and [[Wasp , Azari T\'Challa (son of Black Panther and [[Storm , and Torunn (daughter of the absent Thor and [[Sif . Stark secretly raises and trains the children for 12 years. One day, The Vision arrives at the refuge after hiding for over a decade from Ultron. He has come to inform Stark that "The Boy" is alive. While the curious children are eavesdropping on Stark and The Vision, James accidentally activates a series of Iron Man-style robots, called the Iron Avengers, that mimic the looks and abilities of Captain America, Hawkeye, Black Panther, Thor, Black Widow and Giant Man. Because they are programmed to defeat Ultron upon activation, they take off to do so, whereupon they are detected by Ultron\'s worldwide sensors, revealing the location of the refuge. Easily defeated by him, Ultron then reprograms the Iron Avenger robots to follow his commands, proceeds to the refuge and invades it. Stark, now dressed as Iron Man, is able to stall Ultron long enough for the children to escape, but he is eventually subdued and captured. Sneaking into Ultra City to rescue Stark, the four young Avengers run into Francis Barton (son of Hawkeye and [[Mockingbird , the new Hawkeye. They decide to team up with him and his group of resistance fighters, called the Scavengers, to rescue their guardian. The five manage to escape with Stark from Ultron\'s trap in his citadel, and they head to the desert, along with an older Betty Ross, where Bruce Banner, in an effort to submerge The Hulk, has decided to hide out and keep away from other people for their own safety. After he refuses to help them, James comes up a plan to lure Ultron there so he can cause The Hulk to appear, destroying the robot. The young Avengers fight the mechanical doubles of their parents, and manage to awaken The Hulk, who defeats the Iron Avengers. However, Ultron attacks The Hulk and defeats him before attacking the young Avengers, nearly killing them. Pym revives The Hulk, who then ultimately destroys Ultron, ripping him in two. Then, in a fit of rage, The Hulk begins to turn on the young Avengers, but is subdued by Betty. Finally, to stop Ultron from rebuilding himself, Toruun takes the two halves into space and throws them away in opposite directions. She nearly suffocates and freezes in the process, resulting in her father, Thor, rescuing her and explaining why he left her on Earth. Thor invites Torunn to join him in Asgard, but Torunn chooses instead to return to her family on Earth. As a parting gift, Thor sends her back to Earth in full Asgardian armor. With Ultron finally defeated, the five young Avengers prepare to return to Ultra City, to deal with Ultron\'s remaining forces and rescue the populace.'] ['The film opens with a hillbilly version of Little Red Riding Hood , telling the audience that she is taking "nourishment"  to her grandma, who lives on a country farm. At the farmhouse, a wolf  reveals himself to the audience, but refuses to eat Red as he is supposed to, as he is in love with Red and wishes to kiss her. After a comical chase around the farmhouse, the wolf catches Red, and both prepare to kiss each other, when a telegram arrives for the wolf from his city cousin , inviting him to the city to meet the city\'s equivalent of Red . Enamoured by her photograph, the country wolf departs immediately for the city. The city wolf, a suave and sophisticated gentleman, takes his country cousin to his club, where the city\'s Red performs her dance routine . The country wolf whistles and leers throughout, becoming completely aroused by Red. Before he can rush onto the stage to join her, however, his city cousin stops him , and takes him back to his home in the country, feeling that city life is too much for his country cousin. On arrival back at the farmhouse, the two wolves find the Country Red waiting for them at the doorstep. On seeing her, the city wolf becomes wildly attracted to her, but is stopped by his country cousin . Seeing an opportunity to see the city\'s Red again, the country wolf promptly decides to take his city cousin back home, and drives off back to the city.'] ['In 1488, seven years after the original film, Captain Phoebus is still serving as Paris\'s Captain of the Guard, despite the death of his previous superior  in the previous film. He and Esmeralda have married and have a son named Zephyr. Quasimodo is now an accepted part of Parisian society; he still lives in Notre Dame with his gargoyle friends Victor, Hugo, and Laverne, and serves as the cathedral\'s bell-ringer. He and Zephyr are extremely close friends. A circus troupe led by Sarousch enters town as part of "La Jour de Amour", a day dedicated to the celebration of romance. However, it is revealed that Sarousch is in reality a master criminal who plans to steal Notre Dame\'s most beloved bell, La Fidèle , the inside of which is decorated with enormous jewels of various colors. He sends Madellaine, his aspiring assistant, to discover the whereabouts of La Fidèle. She encounters Quasimodo without seeing his face, and the two of them are hitting it off amazingly well despite having just met, but she runs away after seeing his face, shocked at his grotesque physical appearance. The gargoyles convince Quasimodo to go to the circus to see her again. Sarousch captures the audience\'s attention when he makes an elephant disappear, while his associates steal from the audience. Sarousch forces Madellaine to follow Quasimodo and obtain the information he wants. At first she tries to persuade Sarousch not to do so, but he reminds her of her background: years ago, when Madellaine was only six, Sarousch caught her trying to steal coins from him, but instead of turning her over to Frollo, Sarousch took her under his wing out of sympathy. She follows Quasimodo and Zephyr, and sees them spend the afternoon playing together. Eventually, the exhausted youngster falls asleep in Quasi\'s arms. Realizing that Quasimodo possesses a kind and gentle nature, Madellaine ceases to be frightened by his physical appearance. Quasimodo takes her around Paris, and shows her numerous sights. Meanwhile, Phoebus receives reports of robberies and starts an investigation with the city\'s soldiers . As rain begins to fall, Quasimodo and Madellaine run into the cathedral. Madellaine dries off behind a curtain, and Quasimodo shows her La Fidèle. Quasimodo gives Madellaine a figurine he made of her, and he tells her that she can now see herself through his eyes. Tears well up in Madellaine\'s eyes, and after kissing Quasimodo on the forehead, she leaves. The next day, Quasimodo feels odd; one minute he feels sick, the next he feels energetic. After he seeks Esmeralda\'s help, she realizes he is in love with Madellaine and tells him he must tell Madellaine of his feelings. Phoebus enters and expresses his belief that the circus may be responsible for the string of thefts in which Madellaine might be implicated, which do not delight Quasi or his family . Sarousch convinces Madellaine to distract Quasimodo while he steals La Fidèle. Having herself developed feelings for the hunchback, Madellaine refuses at first, but Sarousch blackmails her into obeying by threatening to have Quasimodo killed, much to Madeleine\'s shock. While investigating, Phoebus decides to question Sarousch, who denies involvement, but Phoebus spots one of the stolen jewels underneath Sarousch\'s hat and prepares to arrest him. Out of desperation, Sarousch tells Phoebus that Madellaine is responsible. Later, while Quasimodo is out with Madellaine, Sarousch and two of his subordinates sneak into the cathedral. Zephyr and Djali the goat follow them and watch as Sarousch causes La Fidèle to vanish. The gargoyles, who had tried to drop a bell on the thieves, end up trapped under it; Laverne rams one of its sides, causing the bell to clang loudly. Hearing the sound, Quasimodo and Madellaine rush back. When it is discovered that La Fidèle has been stolen, Clopin claims that if they do not find the bell, the festival will be ruined. Phoebus suddenly realises that Sarousch was behind the whole thing and played him for a fool. He sends the soldiers all over Paris to find Sarousch. Quasimodo assumes that Madellaine has used him, and tells Phoebus that he was right and he runs back into the cathedral. Phoebus apologizes to Quasimodo and has Madellaine arrested, and after realizing that he lost his true love and can no longer trust her, Quasimodo is seen crying on the steps of Notre Dame feeling miserable, used, and betrayed. Quasimodo climbs to the bell tower, hears the gargoyles calling, and pulls the bell off them. After they tell him Zephyr left to pursue Sarousch, Quasimodo and Esmeralda rush to the Palace of Justice to tell Phoebus. Madellaine, who is locked in a cell, tells them Sarousch has taken the bell underground. Esmeralda convinces her husband to trust Madellaine\'s word, and he ultimately agrees, but takes the precaution of bringing her along as a prisoner. Quasimodo and the others venture into the dark catacombs. They encounter Djali, who takes them to Sarousch and Zephyr. Sarousch forces Phoebus and the guards into opening the gate to allow his raft through by using Zephyr as a hostage. Madellaine convinces Quasimodo to trust her, and the pair run up a stairwell. Quasimodo lassoes a rock to create a tightrope, and Madellaine walks across it. When the raft passes beneath her, Madellaine seizes Zephyr from Sarousch\'s grasp. With Sarousch robbed of his leverage, Phoebus\'s men quickly arrest Sarousch and recover the bell. At the festival, a number of couples proclaim their love for each other while Quasi rings the bell, but then the bell falls silent when Madellaine shows up in the bell tower. She and Quasimodo proclaim their deep romantic love for each other and share their first kiss while Zephyr rings La Fidèle.'] [" Tom and his cat friends—Butch, Lightning, and Meathead—are singing loudly in the middle of the night. The cats drop Tom off at home; he is now very tired. He climbs up onto the window ledge. Mammy Two-Shoes  chastises Tom. Tom goes to the kitchen and nearly falls asleep, until Mammy warns him that he will be kicked out of the house if she catches him sleeping. Jerry hears Mammy's warnings and decides to make things difficult for Tom, encouraging the cat to fall asleep in order to get him thrown out. Tom ends up drinking loads of coffee to keep himself alert. Even after drinking from the whole pot, Tom still falls asleep until Mammy asks him Was you sleeping?. Tom shakes his head, Tom continues to try everything to stay awake. Tom cunningly paints yellow circles on his eyelids to give the illusion that he is awake though his eyes are closed and he is sleeping. Mammy is led to believe that Tom is awake, but Jerry sees through Tom's ploy, Jerry decides to rips off part of Tom's fur. The cat is immediately woken and chases after Jerry, but Jerry has made signs , Tom stops to read them: Are you sleepy? Want a bed? Solid comfort - straight ahead. Jerry's signs lead Tom to Mammy's bedroom, where Tom falls asleep. Jerry watches as an unsuspecting Mammy sees Tom on her bed, and violently throws Tom out of the house. Tom crashes into a fence, but soon falls asleep once again. Around the corner come Tom's friends, upon spotting the sleeping Tom they pick him up and drag him along with them through the alleyway. Once again singing in the moonlight."] ['After a period of harsh rain, the Great Valley is partially flooded and covered in debris. Littlefoot rushes to find his friends after the storm ends, but they are preoccupied: Cera and her father are removing a large log from their nesting area, Ducky and Spike are relocating their nest with their family, and Petrie has gotten a cold. Littlefoot is bored and wishes intently for a brother, but eventually explores on his own and discovers a large area flooded by the rains. The adults advise their children to stay away, fearing creatures from the outside may have been washed into the Valley. However, Littlefoot returns and meets Mo, a playful young "swimmer" <ref namehttp://www.webcitation.org/5xeRPSdRS|archivedatehttp://www.awn.com/news/internet-and-interactive/dinos-have-big-water-adventure-tdks-new-game|titleAnimation World Network|accessdate=April 2, 2011}} that had been caught in the floodwater. Littlefoot quickly strikes up a friendship with Mo, and describes him as his "mud brother" . His other friends are unsure of Mo initially, but also take to him. Mo explains that he is from the "Big Water" and had flown into the valley during the flooding. He confirms that he is alone, but soon after a "sharptooh swimmer" attacks the group. Littlefoot requests help from the adults to help Mo return home, but they refuse, not wanting to risk leaving the Great Valley to aid a strange outsider. A subsequent earthshake separates the children and Mo from the rest of the Great Valley, though also imprisons the sharptooth swimmer in an underwater cavern. Unable to return, they decide to deliver Mo home on their own. The children follow a river that they believe leads to the ocean. A Diplodocus mother, after a brief misunderstanding, allows them to take refuge at her nest for the night, and the friends are present to witness the hatching of her offspring. The next day, Littlefoot and the others realize that they are nearing the ocean, as they have begun to taste salt in the water. However, the sharptooth swimmer, having escaped from the cave, attacks them that night. The land surrounding the river is steep and slick with mud, and the children are unable to escape. Mo distracts the carnivore, farewells his friends, and lures the sharptooth down the river. Mo has seemingly been killed, but he reappears the next day, unharmed; the sharptooth swimmer had smelled the ocean in the distance and abandoned the chase, choosing to return to the sea. The children reach the ocean, but Mo is saddened that his friends\' must depart. He wishes to remain with them, but the others explain that he cannot, and Littlefoot reminds Mo that the two will always be brothers. Mo reunites with his family and asks them for directions to the "smoky mountains", as the children know how to find the Great Valley from that location. Before leaving, Mo offers to show Littlefoot his home. Littlefoot accepts the offer, and is amazed by the underwater world\'s beauty. Littlefoot and his friends exchange farewells with Mo and return home, where they are greeted warmly by the relieved adults.'] ["After listening to one of his favorite radio programs, Porky Pig receives a grand prize from the station. Out of the gift box pops Daffy Duck, who insists on living in Porky's house. After numerous attempts to throw Daffy out of the house, Daffy devises a plan to stay. He tells Porky that he has a split personality  When people treat him badly, he turns into a hideous monster, which he does by messing his hair up and putting in fangs, whereas when treated with kindness he becomes sweet and cuddly. When Porky realizes he's been had , he now has to outsmart this psychotic duck and get him out of the house by dressing up as a monster. When Daffy sees the monster, he becomes so scared, he falls apart  and runs out of the house screaming . When Porky accidentally sees himself in the mirror in his monster costume , he scares himself so much that he jumps onto a chandelier ."] ["Bugs Bunny and his next door neighbor, Casbah, are preparing to go on a date with Daisy, but a fight for Daisy begins as soon as Casbah and Bugs exit their rabbit holes. Bugs and Casbah both leave their holes with flowers for Daisy. Seeing each others gifts, they try to outdo each other with bigger and better gifts. Bugs finally throws an anvil on Casbah’s head to get rid of him. When Bugs arrives at Daisy’s home, he finds a note on her door saying she will be back shortly . Bugs sees Casbah coming and dresses up as Daisy. He lures Casbah over to the porch swing and starts flirting with him. When Casbah isn’t looking, Bugs hits him over the head, puts a mouse trap down, and gives him an explosive carrot. In addition to tricking Casbah on the swing, Bugs pretends to kiss Casbah by using a plunger and hitting him on the head. He continues tricking Casbah by painting a bomb to look like Daisy. Casbah is so excited by explosion of the bomb, he accidentally runs into the house. Once again, Bugs tries to trick Casbah by pretending to be Mr. Daniel Cupid and shooting him with an arrow. Casbah becomes enraged and finally sees through Bugs' disguise . Bugs tries to get Casbah out of hitting him by donning a pair of glasses , but Casbah still punches him in the face, breaking the glasses and making Bugs realize he's angered Casbah . Casbah then chases Bugs as he is now on the warpath against Bugs, who manages to escape into Daisy's house and slam the door on Casbah's face. Fortunately for Bugs, he sees Daisy coming home and runs around the side of the house. Casbah sees Daisy coming up the porch and thinks it is again Bugs dressed up as her. When Daisy enters the house, Casbah hits her upside the head with a vase. Off-screen, Daisy angrily proceeds to beat up Casbah, literally breaking vases over his head and throws them at Casbah, chasing him out of the house in the process. The cartoon ends with Bugs showering Daisy with compliments and kissing Daisy after she has eaten an explosive carrot. Both Bugs and Daisy think the explosive effect the carrot lends to the kiss is due to the other's romantic capabilities , and they hop wildly and enthusiastically kiss again."] ['The story begins with Jack summing up resent events leading up to the start of the story:{{cquote}} Daffy trades his cow and is hornswoggled with a trade of three beans. Subsequently he tosses out the beans and they land right into Bugs Bunny’s rabbit hole. A beanstalk erupts shortly after, and Jack decides to climb it. During his climb, he meets Bugs who is in bed, and kicks him away. Realising his situation, Bugs decides to tag along. Meanwhile, Jack reaches the top of beanstalk, excited about stealing the fortune that the giant\'s castle holds, until he meets the giant himself. Jack\'s excitement turns into panic and he runs from the giant just as Bugs reaches the top. As the giant closes in on the duo, Bugs tells the giant to get Jack instead, after that\'s whom he is originally after. Jack frantically tries to pass this off as a lie, declaring his name to be Aloysius, and that Bugs is Jack . As the two start to argue of who the real Jack is, the giant decides to "open with a pair of Jacks" and capture both of them and takes them to his castle, where he traps Bugs and Jack under a glass cake dome to prepare to grind their bones to make some bread. However, they manage to escape because Bugs has an ACME glass cutter in his possession. The giant then continues to chase the two around his castle as they are trying to escape. The chase continues until Bugs manages to trip the giant, knocking him unconscious. Bugs wants to go home, but the greedy Jack decides to stay so he can steal from the giant. As Bugs is running towards the beanstalk, he comes across the giant\'s equally large carrot garden ready to be eaten. Later that night, as a very full Bugs rests under one of the giant carrots he has been eating, he wonders what has become of Jack, who is trapped inside the giant\'s pocket watch, acting like the minute and hour hands, while constantly making tick tock sounds.'] [' The short\'s prologue sums up the origins of Superman, and are as follows: "In the endless reaches of the universe, there once existed a planet known as Krypton, a planet that burned like a green star in the distant heavens. There, civilization was far advanced, and it brought forth a race of supermen, whose mental and physical powers were developed to the absolute peak of human perfection. But there came a day when giant quakes threatened to destroy Krypton forever. One of the planet\'s leading scientists, sensing the approach of doom, placed his infant son in a small rocket ship and sent it hurtling in the direction of Earth, just as Krypton exploded. The rocket sped through star-studded space, landing safely on Earth with its precious burden: Krypton\'s sole survivor. A passing motorist found the uninjured child and took it to an orphanage. As the years went by and the child grew to maturity, he found himself possessed of amazing physical powers. Faster than a speeding bullet, more powerful than a locomotive, able to leap tall buildings in a single bound, the infant of Krypton is now the Man of Steel: SUPERMAN! To best be in a position to use his powers in a never-ending battle for truth and justice, Superman has assumed the disguise of Clark Kent, mild-mannered reporter for a great metropolitan newspaper." The story cuts to the Daily Planet building, where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters Clark Kent and Lois Lane that an anonymous figure has been mailing death threats to the Planet, should he not be paid in one million dollars to stop his rampage. About the only clue given is the alias The Mad Scientist . White assigns Kent to handle the story, but Lois, portrayed here as a strong-willed woman, insists that she investigate as well, much to the supposed chagrin of Kent. Lois takes off in a private plane to an undisclosed location up at the mountain, where the main villain\'s secluded lair/laboratory is located. He is preparing to fire his futuristic weapon , until his pet bird spots her aircraft and alerts him. Upon her arrival, Lois introduces herself as a Journalist, but finds herself kidnapped, bound, and gagged, as the scientist boasts to her about the success of his plan, and then demonstrates the beam weapon by aiming it at a bridge and destroying it. While listening to the radio, Clark and the other journalists learn of the coming disaster by the military, who warns everyone to stay inside. Instinctively, Clark steps into a storage room and changes into Superman before flying away. The Mad Scientist then has the beam weapon weaken the foundations of the Daily Planet skyscraper, causing it to tip over. Fortunately, Superman arrives in time and prevents the structure from crashing into neighboring buildings or falling to the ground, successfully restoring the skyscraper to its upright orientation. Superman then pushes the death ray away from the base of the skyscraper, but shortly afterward gets struck down as the scientist turns up the weapon\'s power to its full force. Superman remains determined to fight it and soon perseveres against the beam by punching it repeatedly, gradually pounding the beam back to its source. Seeing that the beam has been overpowered, the horrified Mad Scientist increases power, but Superman uses that against him by twisting the weapon into a knot, preventing the beam energy from escaping, and the buildup of pressure causes the machine to overheat and explode. As the scientist\'s lab disintegrates with the weapon\'s demise, Superman arrives to rescue Lois who has been left there, while also capturing the scientist as he attempts to escape, flying them to safety. The scientist is jailed. The scene dissolves back to the Daily Planet building, where Clark Kent and Lois report back to Perry White. She has gotten a scoop on the story of the Mad Scientist, who is now in prison, and Perry commends her on doing it. Seeing she hasn\'t suspected a thing, Clark looks at the camera, winks, and nods to the audience, and the story ends.'] ['{{Plot}} Tom chases Jerry until they run into a dog pound. The dogs angrily expel Tom and the cat hides behind a tree. Jerry, however, is sitting on Spike\'s back, and he taunts Tom. Tom notices a fake dog with a head attached near a pet shop. Realizing he must disguise himself in order to reach Jerry, Tom sneaks off and steals the head. He now walks and crawls like a dog until he reaches a lamppost. He puts the head to the side so if dogs see him, they\'ll think it\'s a dog, and peeks at the dog pound. Seeing it\'s all clear, Tom sneaks in through the bars, but loses the head in the process. He attempts to pull it out when Spike notices him. Tom puts himself back under the head and barks. Convinced that the dog is new to the dogpound, Spike walks away. Tom successfully frees the head and runs to the center of the dog pound to keep a lookout. Jerry sneaks up behind him and imitates barking. Tom is startled out of his wits and has dug through some of the wall when he figures out it\'s Jerry. Jerry continues imitating a dog and then runs away. Tom chases after him and looks under various dogs to find the mouse, and then spots him in a bone-hat. Tom bolts after the mouse and Jerry hides. Convinced that the end of the dog bone nearby is Jerry in disguise, Tom grabs it and is met by an angry Spike. As Spike chomps down, Tom causes Spike to swallow his bone and flees to underneath a St. Bernard. The big dog goes to sleep and Tom pops out from under the dog - but without the dog head. Tom digs back under the St. Bernard, waking it up. Tom is hanging from the collar without the dog head and if anyone notices him, he\'s doomed. Fortunately, the St. Bernard notices nothing. Tom then attaches the head to his rear and pops out again, waking the dog again. The St. Bernard sees Tom sans head, but Tom switches ends and leaves. Tom hides in a barrel to keep lookout, but soon notices that Jerry is doing the same. He breaks open the barrel and chases Jerry until Jerry hides in the fur of another dog. Jerry taunts him by swimming in the fur and gets Tom to dive in too. This wakes up the dog and he shakes both cat and mouse out of his fur, apparently confused . As the chase resumes, Jerry holds back, trips Tom, and gains the dog head for himself. Spike comes around the corner and briefly sees Tom\'s real head, but Tom hides it fast. Jerry leaves and Tom, apparently with no head at all, waves and follows after him. Thinking he\'s seen a headless dog, Spike emits a terrified shriek like a woman. Tom waddles after his "head", but fails to spot the pole in his way and he bumps into it, returning to normal. Seeing dog ears like the ones on the dog head in a nearby barrel, Tom grabs them and is met with an angry yellow dog. Tom ties up his mouth with his own collar and panickedly runs away. Tom sees Jerry/head follow the path close to him and prepares to seize him; unfortunately, Spike is also coming around the corner. Tom grabs Spike and tries to fit him over his head. When he can\'t move after a few steps, Tom realizes something is up and sees the dog chomping at him. Tom hides behind a wall and soon spots Jerry/head. In his path, though, is a long Dachshund dog akin to a train stop. The dog apparently has two heads....until Jerry reveals himself and sticks his tongue out at Tom only to run into the dog\'s house. Jerry dashes off and Tom traps him underneath the head, but soon realizes that\'s his means of disguise and sticks it over his head just as Spike arrives. Jerry raises the head and turns the head in an effort to expose Tom until Spike lifts the head himself, whereupon Tom covers all of himself with the head and waddles off. Tom lifts the head and whacks himself in an effort to flatten Jerry, but only causes a bump on his head. Because of this, Tom can no longer hide himself when Spike comes around, and finally sees through Tom\'s disguise. Jerry holds up a note stating "YES STUPID IT\'S A CAT". Spike lets out an angry massive buffalo roar and the jig is up. Tom panics and digs a hole, but Spike digs him up with his large jaws. The chase wakes up all the other dogs, who join the chase themselves, as they are now on the warpath against Tom. Tom is chased to the top of a very high pole, with all the dogs barking at him. Then Jerry, who has donned the dog head, starts barking at Tom, but stop barking as they now hear Jerry barking. He loses the head, but jumps down, retrieves it and continues barking at Tom as the cartoon ends.'] ["John and Alice Clayton  are marooned on the coast of Africa, where their son, John Clayton, Jr., is born. The baby is orphaned when both parents die of a mysterious disease, but is adopted by Kala and Kerchak, members of the tribe of Brown Apes. The baby, christened Tarzan  by Kala, grows to adulthood among the apes, and eventually discovers the cabin where his parents lived. He teaches himself to read and write using the books there. He also discovers a cache of gold coins secreted beneath a loose floorboard in the cabin. Jane Porter, her father, Professor Archimedes Porter, and Esmerelda, their cockney housekeeper, are shipwrecked at the same location, and soon Jane and Tarzan fall in love. The Porters and Esmerelda are rescued and sail to America, believing that Tarzan has been killed. Tarzan, with the help of Lieutenant Paul D'Arnot, sails to Baltimore, Maryland where he is reunited with Jane. Tarzan's identity as Lord Greystoke is discovered, and he and Jane are married and return to Africa."] ["Based on E. B. White's popular children's book of the same name, it tells the story of a young Trumpeter Swan who is born with muteness and is vying for the attention of a beautiful pen. He overcomes this by learning to play the trumpet."] ['{{Plot}} The cartoon opens with Tom chasing Jerry. Jerry hides behind a potato mound in a garden when he hears Spike the bulldog call to him. Spike has been caught by a dog catcher and locked in the back of his truck, and Jerry is the only one who can help him escape from the truck before it drives away. Despite their differences , Jerry shows Spike mercy and frees him by removing a piece of wood that latches the cage shut. Spike falls out of the truck just as it pulls away, and thanks Jerry by vowing to assist the mouse at any time at the sound of a whistle. Completely carefree, Jerry strolls down the sidewalk, and Tom jumps out from around the corner with a plate, a fork, and a knife, and a napkin around his neck. As Jerry screeches to a stop and reverses direction, Tom sneaks around the fence and holds out two pieces of bread just as the mouse passes by, such that Jerry is unable to stop in time. Just as Tom starts to cut the bread in half with Jerry in it, Jerry whistles and Spike makes the save by grabbing Tom by the neck. He checks on Jerry to make sure he is O.K. and then issues Tom an ultimatum: the cat had better leave Jerry alone or he will face the consequences; and to prove his point, he squashes Tom into an accordion before walking off, reminding his pal once again to "just whistle". Seeing an opportunity to provoke Tom, Jerry picks up a tiny board and challenges the cat to a fight, who flippantly flicks the board away and prepares to punch the mouse into oblivion. Jerry then whistles and before the punch lands, Spike zooms in and his own punch lands onto Tom\'s face, which leaves the cat dazed in front of a city mailbox behind him. Once again, Spike reminds Jerry of their pact: "Anytime, chum". Tom then tries to smash Jerry with a lead pipe and the resulting chase takes the duo to Spike. Jerry perches on the dog and pushes on Spike\'s nose to reveal a sharp set of teeth, as if to say "Stay away from me". Before the canine can attack him, Tom wriggles out of the situation by kissing Jerry, dropping him in a stroller and rolling the mouse down the street, using the pipe as a flute. When he passes behind a set of garbage cans, Tom basks in his victory by laughing menacingly; in the same evil voice, he utters "Infinite power!" Unfortunately, the cat\'s attraction to the opposite sex gets the better of him when he soon spots a cute female cat and loudly wolf-whistles at her, momentarily forgetting that this will lead to Spike attacking him. The dog pops up behind him and use two garbage can lids as cymbals on Tom\'s head. Later, Tom spots Jerry strolling along, still on top of the world and soon the cat notices a bubble gum machine nearby. He shakes, throttles, and nudges the machine to obtain two gumballs, then covers one of them in glue. So as to get Jerry to eat the other piece of gum, the cat sits down and draws attention to himself chewing his piece. The manner in which Tom methodically enjoys his gum makes Jerry hungry for a piece. Tom then offers Jerry the glue-covered gumball, and Jerry suspiciously smells it, but follows through and starts chewing the gum. Jerry then shakes Tom\'s hand as a thank you and Tom winks at the camera. Quickly, the mouse figures out that the gum has glued his mouth shut and that he is unable to whistle . Using a similar trick to Tom\'s earlier in the cartoon, Jerry points to his lips and rubs his stomach as if to say that he adored the gum, then leaves the scene with Tom in pursuit. Jerry quickly shakes his hand again and runs away with Tom behind him. Jerry briefly stops the chase to attempt to whistle a second time, and when he is still unable to do so, shrugs and begins to run away again. When he sees an anvil up ahead, the mouse holds it up and Tom runs into it, causing the cat to resemble a table. Jerry tries to escape through a hole in a fence but gets stuck, and as he unsuccessfully tries to free himself, Tom then grabs a slim wooden board and motions to hit Jerry with it...until he sees Spike walk by and decides to wait. Jerry tries to gesture to Spike that he needs help and that he can\'t whistle, but Spike doesn\'t understand what Jerry is saying and will only respond to the whistle. With the danger of retaliation past, Tom whacks Jerry all the way towards Spike again. Jerry tries again to tell his friend what happened and begs Spike to help him . Spike laughs at this, calls it "baby talk", and goes inside a yard. Jerry then pounds on the door for help, but has to run away from the approaching cat. As Spike opens the door, Tom\'s head gets stuck in Spike\'s mouth, forcing the cat to again shrug and run away. The mouse eventually crawls through another hole in a different fence and tries to whistle until he turns red in the face. Eventually, Jerry blows a bubble and it keeps enlarging as Jerry forces more air into it. Tom climbs over the fence to chase the mouse, but soon sees the bubble growing to a gigantic size and cringes in terror as it explodes and bursts into flames. A long, shrill whistle is emitted by the released air and Jerry\'s cleared mouth, and Tom pleads with Jerry to stop whistling, but he keeps going. "Knowing" Spike will completely whale on him, he digs his own grave, but Spike doesn\'t appear. Tom then writes his will, which says "I Thomas leave all to charity". As Tom finishes writing, both cat and mouse look up in puzzlement at the dog\'s disappearance, and once more find him locked up in the back of the dog catcher\'s truck again. This time, a padlock keeps the door shut so that Spike will no longer be able to escape the same way again and can no longer help his friend. Still whistling, Jerry chases the truck down the road with Tom chasing him.'] ['One night, Littlefoot sees a strangely blue colored meteor falling from the sky and colliding into Threehorn Peak, a volcano in the Smoking Mountain range. When Littlefoot describes it the next morning, most of the adult dinosaurs in the Great Valley disbelieve Littlefoot\'s story. However, two newcomers, the mysterious "Rainbow Faces", speak eloquently of possibilities of wonders beyond what they know. The Rainbow Faces suggest the rock may be a "Stone of Cold Fire", a stone possessing magical properties. Pterano, the devious, sinister and outcast uncle of Littlefoot\'s friend Petrie, overhears the conversation and conspires to use the rock to take control of the Great Valley. Pterano asks Petrie, who idolizes him, for the location of the rock and is told it has landed on Threehorn Peak. Littlefoot\'s friend Ducky overhears Pterano\'s plan, but Pterano and his cronies, Rinkus and Sierra, abduct her before she can warn the others. They take her along as they set out to find the Stone of Cold Fire. The other dinosaurs discover Ducky\'s kidnapping. The adults tell the young ones that Pterano had been made an outcast due to his carelessness after self-appointing himself leader of a group of dinosaurs; while searching for the Great Valley after an earthquake Pterano was overconfident and led his followers directly into a pack of small, albino Sharpteeth. Pterano, a Pteranodon like Petrie, was able to fly away, although the event left him heart-broken. He ended up expelled from the herd as punishment for abandoning his followers. Because the adults are slow to reach decision, Littlefoot, Petrie, and their friends Cera and Spike take off by themselves in search of Ducky, who, meanwhile, falls through the floor into a cave while running from the flyers. After they find her, Ducky comforts Petrie, who is distraught about his uncle\'s actions, by stating that Pterano is the least wicked of the three Flyers, and that the potential for goodness still lives in him. Meanwhile, Sierra is showing mutionous feelings towards Pterano, and Rinkus convinces him to betray Pterano once they find the stone. The young ones pursue the Flyers, hoping to reach the Stone of Cold Fire before them. Aided by the Rainbow Faces, who suddenly appear and offer their knowledge of volcanos, the young ones manage to arrive at Threehorn Peak before the Flyers. They discover that the Stone is an ordinary meteorite. Lamenting over this realization, Pterano states that he had meant to create a paradise with the power of the stone, not realizing that this paradise already exists in the form of the Great Valley. Rinkus and Sierra have now discarded him and are attempting to get the stone to give them power. The volcano begins to erupt. In the nick of time Petrie\'s mother arrives with a friend to evacuate the young dinosaurs, leaving Rinkus and Sierra behind where they are caught in the explosion of the Stone. Pterano is thanked for saving Ducky but as punishment for his plan Pterano is exiled from the Great Valley and into the Mysterious Beyond for five years. Petrie pleads against the punishment. However, Pterano explains to him that everyone, including himself, must take responsibility for their own actions. That night, Littlefoot finds the Rainbow Faces and asks them when they are leaving. A meteor flies overhead, and the female comments, "Any time now". Littlefoot, somewhat unnerved, asks the Rainbow Faces whether the Stone of Cold Fire is actually real. The male Rainbow Face admits the stone does not exist, but explains that the young ones\' effort to search for it was what really mattered. The Rainbow Faces reiterate their claim that there are many unknowns to be discovered "beyond the Mysterious Beyond". Littlefoot is momentarily distracted, and when he turns around, he finds a pillar of light where the Rainbow Faces stood. The light disappears, and a light flies across the sky before changing its course, flying upward and off into the night. Littlefoot\'s friends find him and Littlefoot, inspired by the Rainbow Faces, reflects that there are many unknowns and that such unknowns make life wonderful.'] ["Bugs Bunny is exploring Dark Africa. A short witch doctor  wants to use him as a key ingredient in a prescription. Initially believing he is enjoying a hot bath, Bugs notices that he's being cooked and escapes, while Dr. Spots chases him. Bugs disguises himself as a Zulu native woman but this ploy fails. In the river, he finds and swims to a ferry boat. As Dr. Spots follows a crocodile eats him. Although the witch doctor is his enemy, Bugs wrestles the croc, finally emerging from the water with a crocodile skin handbag , from which Spots emerges, clad in crocodile skin attire."] ['Sylvester awaits the arrival of a new canary after the previous house bird has mysteriously disappeared . Upon the arrival of the bird, Sylvester pretends to play nice in order to abuse and eventually make a meal of the pretending-to-be-naive canary. A series of violent visual gags ensues in which Tweety physically subdues the threatening cat by smoking him up, hitting him on the foot with a mallet, feeding him some alum and using his uvula as a punching bag.   A couple of racial/ethnic gags are included. Sylvester imitates a Scandinavian-sounding maid, who feigns complaining about having to "clean out de bird cage." He reaches into the covered cage and grabs what he thinks is the bird. The canary whistles at him. The confused cat opens his fist to find a small bomb, which promptly explodes, covering the cat in "blackface" makeup. His voice pattern then changes to something sounding like "Rochester", and he says, "Uh-oh, back to the kitchen, ah smell somethin\' burnin\'!" just before passing out. A more subtle gag with a racist legacy occurs when Tweety, inside the cat\'s mouth, yells down its gullet. The answer comes back, "There\'s nobody here but us mice!" This is a variant on an old joke in which a black man is hiding in a henhouse, and when the farmer yells who is there, the would-be chicken thief answers, "Dey\'s nobody here but us chickens!" At the climax, Tweety has managed to trap Sylvester inside the birdcage, and has introduced a "wittle puddy dog" . Their deadly battle occurs under the wrap the bird has thrown over the cage. The film ends with the lady of the house calling the pet shop again, this time ordering a new cat, while Tweety lounges in Sylvester\'s old bed. Overhearing the woman telling the pet shop that the cat will have a nice home here, Tweety reveals the silhouette of a cat now stencilled on the wall, and closes the cartoon with a comment to the camera, "Her don\'t know me very well, do her?" a variant on one of Red Skelton\'s catchphrases by his "Mean Widdle Kid" character from radio.'] ['A new heroine has arrived in Gotham whose identity is a mystery— even to Batman. During patrol, the Dynamic Duo spots her trying to stop one of Penguin\'s shipments on Gotham\'s interstate, using a plasma rifle to send the Penguin\'s truck with its driver off the bridge. Batman and Robin saves the driver from falling to his death. Batman must figure out who Batwoman is and stop familiar enemies, the Penguin and Rupert Thorne, from selling illegal weapons to the fictional nation of Kasnia. The two employ Carlton Duquesne, a gangster, to provide protection. Batwoman\'s main focus is on illegal activity by the Penguin, Thorne, and Duquesne. Despite taking the symbol of the Bat as a sign of justice, Batwoman sullies the Bat prefix by taking out criminals with ruthless and dangerous techniques. She seems uninterested in sparing the lives of her adversaries. Batman, with Robin, sets out to stop the Batwoman from making mistakes as she tries to take out the villains, and as he encounters numerous twists, setbacks, and apparent false leads in determining her true identity. The newest gadget on display is a wind glider used by Batwoman that utilizes some of the most advanced technology ever seen in Gotham City. Bruce Wayne, Batman\'s alter ego, also becomes involved with a new lady in his life: Kathy Duquesne, the crime boss\'s daughter. In addition to Kathy Duquesne, Bruce is introduced to two other women who, as his investigation into the Batwoman\'s true identity continues, seem to fall well into suspicion: Dr. Roxanne "Rocky" Ballantine, a new employee of Wayne Tech whose technology development is used by the Batwoman against the Penguin; and Detective Bullock\'s new partner Sonya Alcana, whose knowledge of the weapons being smuggled by the Penguin and Carlton Dunquesne is much greater than the detective should know. With Carlton Duquesne unable to stop Batwoman\'s raids on the various facilities used to hold the various weapons, the Penguin calls Bane for additional support to ensure that there are no more losses as a result of the Batwoman. Not long after Bane\'s arrival in Gotham, it is revealed that there is not one but three Batwomen, all of whom were the women suspected by Batman; Kathy and Sonia met taking art classes at college and Sonia and Rocky were roommates. They had taken turns to remove suspicion on any one of the three, while using Roxanne\'s technological genius and contempt for the Penguin , Kathy\'s money and access to several key aspects of her father\'s organization , and Sonia\'s physical and police skills to ensure that Thorne\'s operation is thwarted . Alcana was also saved by Batman nine years prior, the event giving the detective the original inspiration for the costumed identity she now shares with her friends. In the final confrontation, a ship taking the weapons into international waters for the exchange is destroyed by a bomb planted by Kathy. She and Batman narrowly escape the explosion despite the efforts of Bane, who falls into the Gotham River and vanishes. At the conclusion, the GCPD are left to assume that Sonia is the only Batwoman after she helps rescue Batman from the ship. Sonia resigns from the police due to the potential problems her presence could cause and decides to leave the city. Batman gives Sonia evidence he discovered which helps clear Rocky\'s fiance. Carlton agrees to testify against Thorne and the Penguin after saving Kathy\'s life during the ship\'s destruction. After she reconciles with her father, Kathy drives off with Bruce.'] ['With high school graduation coming near, Daria is faced with difficult decisions about choosing her college and her future with Tom. Jane has second thoughts about whether she wishes to become a college student. Meanwhile, Quinn gets a job as a hostess at an upscale French restaurant to pay back her mother for maxing out one of her credit cards. She readily befriends one of her co-workers, Lindy , only to discover that she has a drinking problem. Ms. Barch, while being informed by Mr. O\'Neill that her divorce is nothing to be ashamed of, is led her to believe that he proposed to her, thus scaring him away from her. Sandi mysteriously loses her voice, and Stacey  feels responsible. The movie ends with Daria and Jane — who heeded Daria\'s advice about applying to college — being accepted into colleges, both in Boston. Daria and Tom break up because Daria feels that trying to stay together as a couple in college would ask way too much of both of them. Nonetheless, they decide that they will keep in touch with each other throughout college as friends. The Fashion Club ends up disbanding, but decides that they will spend the next day analyzing what they will do with all their free time. At Lawndale High\'s graduation, Jodie gives the valedictory address. Daria receives the Dian Fossey Award for Academic Achievement and gives a sincere speech thanking her family. The final scene has Daria and Jane eating pizza and talking about the graduation and their future. During the end credits, various "alter ego" renderings  depict possible future careers and scenarios for nearly all of the series\' characters. These are: *The 3 members of Mystic Spiral- Jesse, Nick and Max in a church choir *Andrea becoming a model *Quinn becoming a raging business woman like her mother *Tom becoming a sickly recluse *Jodi becoming the founder owner of an exclusive resort and casino *Sandi running her own escort service *Helen and Jake happily retired with Jake hooked to a machine of valium *Mack and Kevin becoming makers/spokesperson of an ice cream called Bro & QB *Lindy adopting her own multi racial family with her female partner *Tiffany becoming a phone in psychic *Mr Demartino becoming a crazed postman *Brittany becoming an actress in a slasher movie *Ms Barch becoming minster of a Vegas style chapel *Joey, Jeffy and Jamie hosting their own mtv style show called JRL *Trent becoming a senator/political figure *Mr O Neil starring in a theatre production of Peter Pan *Stacey becoming a racer *Ms Li becoming a paranoid recluse with lots of cats *Upchuck becoming a successful Bacheloresque character and finally Daria and Jane hosting their own morning TV show'] ['In ancient times, a Persian merchant gets lost in a windstorm. Suddenly a spiritual deer of nine colors appears to guide the man. Later on, the deer rescues a man drowning in a river. In exchange, the man promises not to reveal the deer\'s whereabouts. The man reaches an imperial palace. The king insists on hunting down the spiritual deer down to make clothes out of the deer skin. The man gives in to his greed and leads an army of warriors to the spot. He falls into the river again, hoping the deer will show up to rescue him. This time, all the warriors\' arrows turn into dust and the man is drowned.Taipel Tzuchi. "Taipei Tzuchi." "Spinoff translation of the same Nine Colored Deer story but not movie plot." Retrieved on 2007-02-08.'] 