['Les Carabiniers  tells the story of two poor men called to serve in battle, lured by promises of the world’s riches. Ulysses  and Michelangelo  receive letters from the king of their fictional country that allow them to have complete freedom from consequence while fighting in the war, in return for anything they desire —swimming pools, Maseratis, women— at the enemy’s expense. Their wives, Venus and Cleopatra  encourage them to fight when they hear about the riches. They leave and cross the battlefields and villages, destroying and pillaging as they wish. The pair’s exploits are recounted through postcards sent to their wives, telling tales of the horrors of battle. The previously idealistic idea that the men have of war disintegrates, as they are still poor and now wounded. They return home with a suitcase full of postcards of the splendors of the world that they have fought for, and are told by army officials that they must wait until the war ends to receive their pay. One day, the sky explodes with sparks, and the couples race into town, believing that the war has ended. Ulysses and Michelangelo are informed by their superiors that their king has lost the war, and that all of the war criminals must be punished. The two men are then shot for their crimes.'] ['The book and the film tell the story of Private Eddie Slovik, the only American soldier to be executed for desertion since the American Civil War. The film starred Martin Sheen as Private Slovik, a performance for which he received an Emmy Award nomination for Best Lead Actor in a Drama. Sheen said he did not think actors should be compared, and made it clear he would refuse the award. Many critics and viewers consider this to be one of Sheen\'s finest performances. Among the other Emmy Award nominations, the film was named for "Outstanding Special."http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071477/awards'] ['Three Australian Army officers of the Bushveldt Carbineers serving in South Africa during the Second Boer War  are on trial for murder. Lieutenants Harry "Breaker" Morant, Peter Handcock, and George Witton are accused of the murder of one Boer prisoner and the subsequent murders of six more. In addition, Morant and Handcock are accused of the sniper-style assassination of a German missionary, the Rev. H. C. V. Hesse. Their defence counsel, Major J. F. Thomas, has had only one day to prepare their defence. Lord Kitchener, who ordered the trial, hopes to bring the Boer War to an end with a peace conference. To that end, he uses the Morant trial to show that he is willing to judge his own soldiers harshly if they disobey the rules of war. Although, as Major Thomas mentions in court, there are great complexities associated with charging active-duty soldiers with murder during battle, Kitchener is determined to have a guilty verdict, and the chief of the court, Lt. Colonel Denny, supports him. Major Thomas\' speech on the "barbarities of war" provides the climax of the film: Now, when the rules and customs of war are departed from by one side, one must expect the same sort of behaviour from the other. Accordingly, officers of the Carbineers should be, and up until now have been, given the widest possible discretion in their treatment of the enemy.Now, I don\'t ask for proclamations condoning distasteful methods of war, but I do say that we must take for granted that it does happen. Let\'s not give our officers hazy, vague instructions about what they may or may not do. Let\'s not reprimand them, on the one hand for hampering the column with prisoners, and at another time and another place, hold them up as murderers for obeying orders.[...]The fact of the matter is that war changes men\'s natures. The barbarities of war are seldom committed by abnormal men. The tragedy of war is that these horrors are committed by normal men in abnormal situations, situations in which the ebb and flow of everyday life have departed and have been replaced by a constant round of fear, and anger, blood, and death. Soldiers at war are not to be judged by civilian rules, as the prosecution is attempting to do, even though they commit acts which, calmly viewed afterwards, could only be seen as unchristian and brutal. And if, in every war, particularly guerilla war, all the men who committed reprisals were to be charged and tried as murderers, court martials like this one would be in permanent session. Would they not?I say that we cannot hope to judge such matters unless we ourselves have been submitted to the same pressures, the same provocations as these men, whose actions are on trial.'] ['The film begins with a voiceover describing the trench warfare situation of World War I up to 1916; immediately following this is a scene in which General George Broulard , a member of the French General Staff, asks his subordinate, the ambitious General Mireau , to send his division on a suicide mission to take a well-defended German position called the "Anthill". Mireau initially refuses the commission, citing the impossibility of success and the danger to his beloved soldiers, but when Broulard mentions a potential promotion, Mireau quickly convinces himself the attack will succeed. Mireau proceeds to walk through the trenches, addressing his men. He asks several soldiers, "Ready to kill more Germans?" He throws one soldier out of the regiment for showing signs of shell shock, which Mireau denies exists, blaming the soldier\'s behavior on cowardice. Mireau leaves the detailed planning of the attack to the 701\'s Régiment Colonel Dax , despite Dax\'s protests that the only result of the attack will be to weaken the French Army with heavy losses for no benefit. Mireau does not relent. During a nighttime scouting mission prior to the attack, a drunken lieutenant named Roget ([[Wayne Morris  sends one of his two men ahead as a scout. Overcome by fear while waiting for the scout\'s return, he lobs a grenade and retreats. The other soldier—Corporal Paris —finds the body of the scout, killed by the grenade. Having safely returned, he confronts Roget, but Roget denies any wrongdoing, and falsifies his report to Colonel Dax. The next morning, the attack on the German position proceeds, beginning with a first wave of soldiers, and with Dax leading, but ends in disaster; none of the men reach the German trenches, and one-third of the soldiers  refuse to leave the trench because of heavy enemy fire. Mireau, enraged, orders his own artillery to open fire on them to force them onto the battlefield. The artillery commander refuses to fire on his own men without written confirmation of the orders. Meanwhile, Dax returns to the trenches, and tries to rally B Company to join the battle, but as he climbs out of the trench, the body of a retreating French soldier knocks him down; it becomes obvious that the attack has failed. To deflect blame for the failure, Mireau decides to court martial 100 of the soldiers for cowardice. Broulard convinces him to reduce the number to three, one from each company. Corporal Paris is chosen because his commanding officer, Lt. Roget, wishes to keep him from testifying about his actions in the scouting mission. Private Ferol  is picked by his commanding officer because he is a "social undesirable." The last man, Private Arnaud , is chosen randomly by lot, despite having been cited for bravery twice previously. Dax, who was a criminal defense lawyer in civilian life, volunteers to defend the men at their court-martial. Unfortunately, the entire trial is a farce and can accurately be described as a "kangaroo court" i.e. the rights of the accused are repeatedly violated. For example, there is no specific and formal statement of the charges against them at the commencement of the trial, no verbatim stenographic record of the trial proceedings is being created, and compelling evidence which would support acquittal of the defendants is not permitted to be heard. In his closing statement, Dax challenges the court\'s authenticity, and requests mercy, saying, "Gentlemen of the court, to find these men guilty would be a crime to haunt each of you till the day you die." The three men are sentenced to death, nonetheless. Later, Dax, aware of the reason Roget picked Paris to be executed, appoints Roget to have charge of the executions. Horrified, Roget protests, but Dax dismisses him curtly from his quarters. Captain Rousseau , the artillery commander who had earlier refused Mireau\'s order to fire on his own men, arrives to tell Dax about the order. Dax then crashes a formal ball where he privately informs Broulard of Mireau\'s treachery, providing sworn statements by witnesses, but is brusquely dismissed. The next morning, the three condemned men are led out into a courtyard, among soldiers from all three companies and senior officers. Arnaud, injured during a desperate outburst in prison, is carried out on a stretcher and tied to the execution post. A sobbing Ferol is blindfolded. Paris is offered a blindfold by Roget, but refuses. Roget meekly apologizes to Paris for what he has done, eliciting an ambiguous response. All three men are then shot and killed by the firing squad. Following the execution, Broulard has breakfast with the gloating Mireau. Dax enters, invited by Broulard. Broulard then reveals that Mireau will be investigated for the order to fire on his own men. Mireau denies having made such an order and leaves angrily, declaring that he has been made a scapegoat. Broulard then offers Dax Mireau\'s command, claiming that Dax had been angling for the promotion all along. Dax turns down the promotion and responds angrily. Broulard ridicules Dax for being an idealist, saying he pities him as he would the village idiot; Broulard adds that he\'s done no wrong. Dax replies that he pities the general for his inability to see the wrongs he has done. After the execution, some of Dax\'s soldiers are loudly enjoying an entertainer, when the performer brings a young German woman on stage and makes her sing the German folk song "The Faithful Hussar". The hardened troops begin by howling and whistling, but, touched by her song, they end up humming along, some openly weeping. Dax overhears this scene from outside. A sergeant appears with word that the regiment has been ordered to return to the front line trenches immediately, but Dax tells him to give the men a few minutes more. His face hardens as he returns to his quarters.'] ['City of Life and Death is set in 1937, shortly after the beginning of the Second Sino-Japanese War. The Imperial Japanese Army has just captured Nanjing , capital of the Republic of China. What followed is historically known as the Nanking Massacre, a period of several weeks wherein massive numbers of Chinese prisoners-of-war and civilians were killed by the Japanese military. After some commanders of the National Revolutionary Army flee Nanking, a Chinese soldier Lieutenant Lu Jianxiong and his comrade-in-arms Shunzi attempt to stop a group of deserting troops from leaving the city, but as they exit the gates, they are captured by Japanese forces that have surrounded the city. As the Japanese comb the city for enemy forces, Superior Private  Kadokawa Masao and his men are attacked by Lu Jianxiong and a small unit of both regular and non-regular soldiers, who fire at them from buildings. Lu and his companions are eventually forced to surrender as more Japanese troops arrive. The Chinese prisoners-of-war are systematically escorted to various locations to be mass executed. Shunzi and a boy called Xiaodouzi survive the shootings and they flee to the Nanking Safety Zone, run by the German businessman and Nazi Party member John Rabe and other Westerners. Thousands of Chinese women, children, elderly men and wounded soldiers take refuge in this safety zone. However, the zone is forcefully entered several times by bands of Japanese soldiers intent on making sexual advances on female refugees. Due to the repeated intrusions, the women are urged to cut their hair and dress like men to protect themselves from being raped. A prostitute called Xiaojiang refuses to do so, saying that she needs to keep her hair in order to earn a living. Meanwhile, Kadokawa develops feelings for a Japanese prostitute named Yuriko, and struggles to come to terms with the omnipresent violence around him with his own conflicting impulses. Despite his feelings of alienation, Kadokawa brings Yuriko candy and gifts from Japan, and promises to marry her after the war. Rabe\'s secretary Tang Tianxiang and a teacher named Jiang Shuyun manage the daily operations of the safety zone. Even though he is in a privileged position, Tang is still unable to protect his young daughter from being thrown out of a window by a Japanese soldier, and his sister-in-law from being raped. When the Japanese officer Second Lieutenant Ida Osamu demands that the refugees provide 100 women to serve as "comfort women", Rabe and Jiang tearfully make the announcement to the community. Xiaojiang and others volunteer themselves, hoping that their sacrifice would save the refugees. Kadokawa meets Xiaojiang and brings her rice but witnesses another soldier raping her as she lies almost lifeless. Later, many "comfort women", including Xiaojiang, die from the abuse, and Kadokawa sees their naked bodies being taken away. Kadokawa feels further estranged when he witnesses Ida shooting Tang\'s sister-in-law May, who has become insane. Rabe receives an order to return to Germany because his activities in the safety zone are detrimental to diplomatic ties between his country and Japan. Tang and his wife are allowed to leave Nanking with Rabe. However Tang changes his mind at the last moment and trades places with a Chinese soldier pretending to be Rabe\'s assistant, saying that he wants to stay behind to find May. Mrs Tang reveals that she is pregnant before bidding her husband farewell. Not long after Rabe left, Ida has Tang executed by firing squad. The Japanese disband the safety zone and start hunting for Chinese men who were previously soldiers, promising that these men would find work and receive pay if they turn themselves in. However, men deemed to be soldiers are huddled into trucks and sent for execution. Shunzi, who survived the earlier mass killings, is physically checked and initially deemed to be a non-combatant, but is later recognised by a Japanese soldier and brought onto a truck as well. After Minnie Vautrin and other Westerners plead with the Japanese, Ida permits each refugee to choose only one man from the trucks to be saved. Jiang Shuyun rescues a man, pretending to be his wife, and then returns for Shunzi, claiming that he is her husband, while Xiaodouzi acts as their son. Kadokawa sees through Jiang\'s ruse but does not expose her. Despite this, another Japanese soldier points her out to Ida and the three of them are captured. Shunzi is taken away again, this time together with Xiaodouzi. Jiang, knowing that she will be raped, asks Kadokawa to kill her. He grants her her wish and shoots her, much to his comrades\' surprise. Afterwards, Kadokawa looks for Yuriko and learns that she has died after leaving Nanking. He says that she was his wife and requests that she be given a proper funeral. As the Japanese perform a dance-ritual to celebrate their conquest of Nanking and honour their war dead, Kadokawa reveals his emotional turmoil over what he has done and witnessed. Shunzi and Xiaodouzi are marched out of town by Kadokawa and another Japanese soldier to be executed, but to their surprise, Kadokawa releases them instead. Kadokawa tells the other soldier, "Life is more difficult than death." The soldier bows to show his respect for Kadokawa\'s decision and walks away. Kadokawa then weeps before shooting himself to escape from his guilt. In the end credits, it is revealed that Mrs Tang lived into old age, as did Ida Osamu, and that Xiaodouzi is still alive today.'] ['In World War II France in early September 1944, units of the 35th Infantry Division are nearing the town of Nancy when one of the division\'s mechanized reconnaissance platoons receives orders to pull out while under attack from the Germans. Kelly , a former lieutenant who has been demoted to private following a disastrous assault some time earlier, captures Colonel Dankhopf of German Intelligence. When Kelly notices his prisoner has a gold bar in his briefcase, he gets him drunk to try to get information about the gold. Before he is killed by an attacking German Tiger tank, the drunken Dankhopf blurts out that there is a cache of 14,000 gold bars stored in a bank vault 30 miles behind enemy lines in the town of Clermont. Kelly recruits the rest of his platoon, including skeptical Master Sergeant "Big Joe" , to sneak off and steal the gold. Eventually, others have to be recruited  into the scheme, such as an opportunistic supply sergeant "Crapgame" ; and a Sherman tank commander, "Oddball" . The expedition successfully breaks through a German-held town during a mortar barrage that has been arranged by Kelly. An American fighter plane mistakes Kelly\'s group for the enemy, strafing their vehicles and destroying them with rockets, forcing them to continue on foot, and three of their number die in a subsequent skirmish in and around a minefield. Meanwhile, Oddball\'s tanks battle their way through the German lines, but their route is blocked when the last large bridge is blown up by Allied bombers, prompting Oddball to let a bridge engineering unit in on the deal. When intercepted radio messages of the private raid are brought to the attention of gung-ho American Major General Colt , he misinterprets them as the efforts of aggressive patriots pushing forward on their own initiative and immediately rushes to the front line to exploit the "breakthrough". Kelly\'s men race to reach Clermont before their own army. There, they find it defended by three Tiger tanks with infantry support. The Americans are able to dispatch two of the Tigers and most of the German infantry, but as they prepare to take on the last tank, which is parked right in front of the bank, Oddball\'s last Sherman breaks down and cannot be repaired. Powerless to defeat the tank, Kelly offers the German tank commander a share of the loot. After the Tiger blows the bank doors off, the assembled crew finds the gold cache. After dividing the gold, the men go their separate ways, just managing to avoid meeting the still-oblivious Colt, who is delayed by celebrating town residents.'] ["Ernst Graeber is a German soldier stationed near the Russian-German border during the war's last days. He and fellow soldiers Steinbrenner and Hirschland are ordered to kill Russian civilians, but Hirschland commits suicide instead. Given his first furlough in two years, Ernst returns home to find his village bombed and parents gone. Elizabeth Kruse, daughter of his mother's doctor, tells him that her father is being held by the Gestapo as well. Constant air raids interrupt any peaceful moments Ernst and Elizabeth enjoy. An old friend, Binding, is a wealthy Nazi now and welcomes Ernst to his home. He prepares a feast for the wedding of Ernst and Elizabeth, who are now in love. And a sympathetic professor, Pohlmann, offers his help should the newlyweds decide to flee. Ernst is ordered back to the front. He finds Steinbrenner about to shoot civilians and kills him. Ernst frees the prisoners, but one nonetheless shoots him. He dies while reading a love letter from Elizabeth."] ['{{Plot}} The film opens with Campbell being taken to an Israeli jail. Campbell is an American playwright who lived in pre-WWII Germany with his wife Helga. During the buildup to World War II, Campbell is approached by a man calling himself Frank Wirtanen who reveals himself to be a major working for the U.S. War Department. Wirtanen asks Campbell to work as a spy for the U.S. in the approaching war, though he promises no reward or recognition. Campbell immediately rejects the offer, but Wirtanen quickly adds that he wants Campbell to take some time to consider, telling him that Campbell\'s answer will come in the form of how he acts and what positions he assumes once the war begins. Once World War II begins, Campbell works his way up through Joseph Goebbels\' propaganda organization, eventually becoming the "voice" of English language anti-Semitic broadcasts aimed at United States citizens, in which he declares himself to be "The Last Free American". Unbeknownst to the Nazis, all of the idiosyncrasies of his speech  form a secret code that covertly transmits information to the Allied forces. About halfway through the war, his wife goes to the Eastern Front to entertain troops, and is reported killed when the camp is overrun. Just before the Soviet Army reaches Berlin, Campbell visits his in-laws one last time, where Helga\'s father, who had worked as Chief of Police in Berlin, coldly informs Campbell that he had never liked him, even going as far as to announce his suspicion that Campbell may have been a spy. He amends his statement to say that, even if Campbell had been a spy, his propaganda was so effective that he could never have served the Allies better than he had served the Nazis. Campbell goes on to meet Helga\'s younger sister, Resi, who confesses that she is in love with him. Eventually, Campbell is captured when a U.S. infantryman recognises his voice. Before Campbell can be executed, Wirtanen arranges for his discreet release, telling him that U.S. forces will no longer pursue him, before going on to aid him in relocating to New York City. In New York City, Campbell lives a lonely existence, sustained only by memories of Helga and an indifferent curiosity as to his eventual fate. Mrs. Epstein, the mother of a Jewish doctor living in Campbell\'s building and a Holocaust survivor, is the only person he meets who suspects his true identity, but he seems to allay her suspicions by appearing ignorant of German. The only friend that he makes is George Kraft, an old painter who lives in his building and who, through an extraordinary coincidence, happens to be a Soviet intelligence agent. Over many games of chess, Campbell reveals his secret past to this undercover agent, and Kraft tries to use this information to improve his reputation with his Soviet handlers by forcing Campbell into a position where he must flee to Moscow. He does so by subtly releasing information declaring that famous Nazi propagandist Howard Campbell has been living in New York since the end of the war, information that a white supremacist group picks up and excitedly publishes. Representatives of this organisation then arrive with a special gift for him: his wife Helga, long presumed dead. However, it is not long before Campbell discovers that Helga is, in fact, her own sister Resi, who has taken over Helga\'s identity. Soon after, when an angry war veteran turns against him, the fascists shelter Campbell, along with Kraft and "Helga", in their New York hideout. Wirtanen again appears, this time warning Campbell of Kraft\'s true identity and explaining that the Russian has put Campbell in an awkward position with the fascists so he can persuade him to leave the country by plane, ostensibly for Mexico, but in fact for Moscow. He explains also that Resi is part of Kraft\'s plot. Campbell decides to return to the hideout to confront the pair and, in light of her exposure, Resi commits suicide. Moments later, the FBI raids the hideout but, as before, Wirtanen uses his influence to ensure Campbell walks free. Campbell returns to his wrecked apartment and decides to turn himself in to the Israelis to stand trial, returning to the apartment of the Jewish doctor and his mother, who had earlier been suspicious of him. Campbell is taken to Haifa, Israel, where he is incarcerated in the cell below an unrepentant Adolf Eichmann. The film ends with the arrival of a letter from Wirtanen providing the corroborating evidence that Campbell was indeed an American spy during World War II. Moments later, Campbell hangs himself &mdash; not, he says, for crimes against humanity, but rather for "crimes against himself."'] ["Squad leader Sgt. Larkin  and his men are getting ready to take a well-deserved rest after being on the front line for several weeks. During an interlude at a church and later at a tavern, the senior non-commissioned officer, Technical Sergeant Pike , happens upon John Reese , a former sergeant who is now a private. Reese is the quintessential troubled loner, managing to alienate himself from almost everyone in the squad right from the beginning. The company commander, Capt. Loomis , is worried because Reese goes crazy when there is no fighting, but Pike comments that he is a good soldier in combat. Sgt. Pike informs the men that they will shortly be going back on the line. After much complaining, the men get ready to move out. The remaining members of 2nd Squad include con-man/thief Corby , the mechanic-who-can-fix-anything Corporal Henshaw , the easy-going, somewhat-naive kid, Cumberly , Polish refugee Homer Janeczek ([[Nick Adams  and family man Kolinsky . The morning after they arrive at their appointed post and dig in, the men realize they are spread so thin that any reconnaissance by the Germans will quickly reveal how weak the American defenses are. One stroke of good luck is the sudden and mistaken arrival of an Army company clerk, Private First Class James Driscoll . Larkin quickly puts Driscoll’s jeep to use by having Henshaw rig it to backfire and sound like a tank. Driscoll himself is put to use improvising misleading radio messages for a hidden microphone left by the Germans in an abandoned pillbox . A German raid results in Cumberly's death, but Reese manages to kill three Germans in close combat. So wound up by the combat that he can barely stand still, Reese recommends hitting the German pillbox on the other side of a field filled with mines and barbed wire to make the enemy think the Americans are at normal strength. Larkin decides to go find some help and see if he can get permission from Pike for the attack, but is killed in an artillery barrage. Reese decides to proceed without orders and persuades the others to go along. The attack fails, with Henshaw fatally burned by his exploding flamethrower tanks and Kolinsky dying screaming from shrapnel through the back and abdomen. Reinforcements do arrive soon thereafter, along with Sgt. Pike and Capt. Loomis, who berates Reese and decides not to court-martial the insubordinate private only so he can be at the front of the American assault at dawn. The pillbox fires on the advancing Americans. Reese throws a satchel charge into the pillbox. When it is tossed out by the defenders, he grabs it and, by now gravely wounded, carries it in, blowing up the fortification and himself."] ['A hardened Korean and Vietnam War veteran, Sergeant First Class Clell Hazard ([[James Caan  would rather be an instructor at the U.S. Army School of Infantry, at Fort Benning, Georgia, to train soldiers for Vietnam but instead he is assigned by the Army to the 1st battalion 3d Infantry Regiment at Fort Myer, Virginia. The Old Guard is U.S. Army\'s Honor Guard. It provides the ceremonial honor guard for the funerals of fallen soldiers and guards the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery. Hazard calls them the "toy soldiers" and hates his job until Jackie Willow , the son of an old friend and fellow veteran, is assigned to his platoon and he sees an opportunity to make sure at least one man comes home alive. Hazard tries to warn Willow about Vietnam but the young man sees it as his duty as a soldier to fight for his country, no matter what kind of war. Hazard hates how the war in Vietnam is being fought and feels that good soldiers are being wounded and killed in the "wrong" war in which the U.S. is not fighting to win. Among the others in Hazard\'s life are his longtime friend and superior, Sergeant Major "Goody" Nelson . and his girlfriend Samantha Davis , a writer for the Washington Post who is against the Vietnam War for different reasons. Willow marries a Colonel\'s daughter named Rachel Feld . Rachel at first refuses to marry Jackie as long as he is a soldier. Rachel also hates the war in Vietnam and is afraid for her husband. Hazard is divorced and hasn\'t seen his son in years due to the bitter divorce. After Willow\'s father, who is a retired U.S. Army Master Sergeant and a former Korean War comrade in arms of Hazard\'s as well Sgt. Major Nelson\'s, dies of a heart attack, Hazard comes to look upon Willow as a "son." He tries to teach Willow all he can about soldiering and surviving in combat. Willow in turn tries to teach his platoon mate Private Albert Wildman, a chronic screw-up, how to be a soldier. Wildman is later ordered to Vietnam, where he distinguishes himself as a heroic soldier and effective combat infantryman. He returns from Vietnam promoted to the rank of Sergeant and is a recipient of the Medal of Honor for heroism in combat. Sgt. Flanagan , a fellow member of Sgt. Hazard\'s platoon, receives his orders for Vietnam at the same time. Willow excels, is promoted to the rank of Sergeant and then is recommended to attend Officer\'s Candidate School, which he completes and is commissioned as a Second Lieutenant. He is ordered to serve in a combat unit in Vietnam. Willow writes Hazard from Vietnam about all the good men in his platoon that he is losing in combat. Hazard then finds out that Jack Willow has been killed in action when he sees the burial orders for Jackie\'s remains at Arlington National Cemetery while on duty with the "Old Guard" at Fort Meyer. Hazard requests to be sent to Vietnam for his third tour of duty as a platoon sergeant in a combat infantry unit. He places his C.I.B. Combat Infantryman Badge, on Willow\'s flag-draped coffin at the chapel at Arlington National Cemetery. Jackie had aspired to serve in combat and receive his own C.I.B., just like his late father had in Korea. Sergeants Wildman and Flanagan, just recently returned from Vietnam, are also present at Willow\'s funeral. The film ends with military honors being rendered at Willow\'s graveside at Arlington and Hazard speaking to the mourners prior to the firing of the rifle salute and the playing of "Taps".'] ['The series of assaults  commenced on May 10, 1969, with the hill finally being taken on May 20. The film portrays fighting, combat, courage, camaraderie and dedication to the mission among troops. It also brings up painful questions about the Vietnam War, such as the stigmatizing of replacement troops  and of the seeming caprice of high command in the conflict, specifically the lack of strategic value of the hill and subsequent unnecessary casualties. Other issues include the effect of anti-war sentiment on morale, and racial tensions among troops . One aspect of the war portrayed is how the soldiers in the field felt betrayed by people back in the United States, particularly college students. In one scene a soldier gets a letter from his girlfriend saying she will not keep writing because her college friends told her it was immoral to be involved with a serviceman whom they refer to as "killers". In another scene, Sgt. Worchester ([[Steven Weber  from the South tells his fellow soldiers that when he got home from his first tour of duty in 1968, he faced discrimination for being a veteran. When he got off the plane, hippies threw bags of dog feces at him and other returning soldiers. When he got to his house, his wife was having sex with another man, and had nothing but contempt for him. Everywhere he went, people treated him with hostility and scorn. Incredibly, none of this bothered Worchester until he discovered that his local bartender  had lost his son in the 1965 Battle of Ia Drang Valley and was sent home in "a rubber bag with \'members missing\' labeled on it." To make it worse, college students kept phoning the bartender at his house saying they were glad his son was killed by "the heroic people\'s army", causing the bartender to suffer a mental breakdown and start using heroin. This event caused the angry and alienated Worchester to sign up for another tour in Vietnam.'] [' The film opens with the outbreak of a war in the previously peaceful kingdom of Wredpryd. Count Ferdinand is the inventor of a new submarine who is assigned to command the new ship in battle. The King of Wredpryd orders the Count to sink the "ProPatria" , a civilian ship that is believed to be carrying munitions as well as civilian passengers. In his mind\'s eye, the Count sees a vision of what would happen if he sent a torpedo crashing into the liner, and he recoils. He refuses to follow his orders, saying he is "obeying orders -- from a Higher Power." Realizing his crew will carry out the orders, the Count fights with the crew and blows up his submarine, sending it to the bottom of the sea. The Count\'s soul descends into purgatory, where he encounters Jesus. Jesus announces that the Count can find redemption by returning to the living world as a voice for peace. Jesus tells the Count, "Peace to thee, child, for in thy love for humanity is thy redemption. In thy earthly body will I return, and with thy voice plead for peace. Much evil is being wrought in my name." The Count returns to life and is stoned and reviled by his countrymen. He is put on trial by the king, a modern Pontius Pilate, and is sentenced to death. Five thousand women gather at the palace singing a song of peace and pleading with the king to end the war. The mothers\' plea inspires the king to visit the cell of the condemned Count. The Count is found dead in his cell, and Jesus emerges from the Count\'s body and takes the king on a tour of the battlefields. Jesus asks, "See here thy handiwork? Under thy reign, thy domain hath become a raging hell!" In the film\'s most famous scene, Jesus walks through the battlefields amid the carnage of war. The signing of a peace treaty follows, and the closing scenes depicts the happiness in store for the returning soldiers.'] ['Critics and film historians have often noted how the film is divided into three equal thirds or acts.Roger Ebert: "Michael Cimino\'s The Deer Hunter is a three-hour movie in three major movements." Mike enters himself in a game of Russian roulette against Nick, hoping to jar Nick\'s memory and persuade him to come home, but Nick\'s mind is gone. In the last moment, after Mike\'s attempts to remind him of their trips hunting together, he finally breaks through, and Nick recognizes Mike and smiles. Nick then tells Mike, "one shot", raises the gun to his temple, and pulls the trigger. The bullet is in the gun\'s top chamber, and Nick kills himself. Horrified, Michael tries to revive him, but to no avail. Epilogue - Back home in 1975, there is a funeral for Nick, whom Michael brings home, good to his promise. The film ends with the whole cast at their friend\'s bar, singing "God Bless America" and toasting in Nick\'s honor.'] ['During the First World War, two French aviators — aristocratic Captain de Boeldieu  and working-class Lieutenant Maréchal  — embark on a flight to examine the site of a blurred spot on photos from an earlier air reconnaissance mission. They are shot down by a German aviator and aristocrat, Rittmeister  von Rauffenstein . Von Rauffenstein, upon returning to base, sends a subordinate to find out if the aviators are officers and, if so, to invite them to lunch. During the meal, von Rauffenstein and de Boeldieu discover they have mutual acquaintances&mdash;a depiction of the familiarity, if not solidarity, within the upper classes that crosses national boundaries. De Boeldieu and Maréchal are then taken to a prisoner-of-war camp, where they meet a colorful group of fellow French prisoners and stage a vaudeville-type performance just after the Germans have taken Fort Douaumont in the epic battle of Verdun. During the performance, word arrives that the French have recaptured the fort. Maréchal interrupts the show, and the French prisoners spontaneously burst into "La Marseillaise". As a result of the disruption, Maréchal is placed in solitary confinement, where he suffers badly from lack of human contact and hunger; ironically, the fort changes hands once more while he is still imprisoned. De Boeldieu and Maréchal also help their fellow prisoners finish digging an escape tunnel. However, just before it is completed, everyone is transferred to other camps. Because of the language barrier, Maréchal is unable to pass word of the tunnel to an incoming British prisoner. De Boeldieu and Maréchal are moved from camp to camp, finally arriving in Wintersborn, a mountain fortress prison commanded by Von Rauffenstein, who has been so badly injured in battle that he has been promoted, but reassigned, much to his regret. Von Rauffenstein tells them that Wintersborn is escape-proof. At Wintersborn, the pair are reunited with a fellow prisoner, Rosenthal , from the original camp. Rosenthal is a wealthy French Jew, who generously shares the food parcels he receives. De Boeldieu comes up with an idea, after carefully observing how the German guards respond to an emergency. De Boeldieu volunteers to distract the guards for the few minutes needed for Maréchal and Rosenthal to escape. After a commotion staged by the prisoners, the guards are ordered to assemble them in the fortress courtyard. During the roll call, it is discovered that de Boeldieu is missing. He makes his presence known high up in the fortress, drawing the German guards away in pursuit. Maréchal and Rosenthal take the opportunity to lower themselves from a window by a homemade rope and flee. Von Rauffenstein has the guards stop shooting at de Boeldieu and pleads with his fellow aristocrat to give himself up. De Boeldieu refuses, and von Rauffenstein reluctantly shoots him in the stomach . Nursed in his final moments by a remorseful von Rauffenstein, de Boeldieu laments that their usefulness to society  will end with this war. He also pities von Rauffenstein, who will have to find a new purpose in the emerging social order. Maréchal and Rosenthal journey across the German countryside, trying to get to nearby Switzerland. Rosenthal injures his foot, slowing Maréchal down. They quarrel and part, but then Maréchal returns to help his comrade. They take refuge in the shed of a German farm woman, Elsa , who has lost her husband at Verdun, along with three brothers, at battles which, with quiet irony, she describes as "our greatest victories." She generously takes them in, and doesn\'t betray them to a passing German army patrol. Maréchal begins to fall in love with her, but he and Rosenthal eventually leave, after Rosenthal is healed. Maréchal promises to come back for Elsa and her daughter, Lotte, after the war. A German patrol sights the two fugitives crossing a snow-covered valley. The soldiers fire a few rounds, but then an officer orders them to cease fire, saying the pair have crossed into Switzerland. We last glimpse the pair from a distance, trudging through deep snow, their future uncertain.'] ['{{Plot}} In 2005, Japanese archaeologists explore tunnels on Iwo Jima, where they find something in the dirt. The film flashes back to Iwo Jima in 1944. Private First Class Saigo is grudgingly digging trenches on the beach. A teenaged baker, Saigo has been conscripted into the Imperial Japanese Army despite his youth and his wife\'s pregnancy. Saigo complains to his friend Private Kashiwara that they should let the Americans have Iwo Jima. Overhearing them, an enraged Captain Tanida starts brutally beating them for, "conspiring with unpatriotic words." At the same time, General Tadamichi Kuribayashi arrives to take command of the garrison and immediately begins an inspection of the island defenses. Kuribayashi orders Captain Tanida to stop beating them, and instructs him to deny lunch rations to Saigo and Kashiwara instead. After completing his inspection, Kuribayashi receives bad news from Lt. Col. Baron Takeichi Nishi, an Olympic gold medalist show jumper. The Japanese Combined Fleet, upon which the island had been depending for support, has been destroyed in the Battle of Leyte Gulf. Disgusted, Kuribayashi tells Nishi, "Imperial Headquarters is not only deceiving the people, but us as well." The next day, Kuribayashi orders the garrison to begin tunneling defenses under Mount Suribachi. He explains that the United States military will take the beaches quickly, and that only subterranean defenses have a chance for holding out. Kuribayashi\'s subordinate officers are outraged and regard these strategies as a betrayal of bushido. With Nishi\'s support, however, the tunnels began to be dug. Poor nutrition and unsanitary conditions take their toll, and many soldiers die of dysentery, including Kashiwara. Kashiwara\'s replacement, Superior Private Shimizu, arrives for duty. Saigo is certain that Shimizu has been sent by the notorious military police, or Kempeitai, "to report on treasonous thoughts." In February 1945, the first American air raids occur, causing significant casualties. A few days later, U.S. Marines land. Kuribayashi waits until the landing beach is filled with Marines and orders his men to open fire. The Marines suffer heavy casualties, but, as Kuribayashi predicted, the beach defenses are quickly overcome. The attack then turns to the tunnels below Mount Suribachi. While delivering a request to Colonel Adachi, Saigo overhears the Colonel pleading with Kuribayashi for permission to lead his men in a banzai charge. Kuribayashi refuses to permit this, however, and instead orders the Suribachi garrison to retreat to the north caves. Adachi, however, regards this as cowardice. Ignoring the General\'s orders, Adachi orders his officers and men to commit suicide. Although Saigo explains Kuribayashi\'s orders to the contrary, Captain Tanida cuts him off, screaming, "Escape is the coward\'s way!" At Tanida\'s order, the soldiers of his unit detonate hand grenades against their stomachs. Captain Tanida too commits suicide by shooting himself in the head. Saigo, however, convinces Shimizu that they would better serve the Emperor by continuing to fight. Leaving the corpses of their comrades, they find two other soldiers, but one gets incinerated by a Marine with a flamethrower. They also witness a captured Marine being beaten and bayoneted to death as revenge for the burnings. Saigo and the survivors of Mount Suribachi try to flee with Lieutenant Colonel Oiso at night, but they run into Marines, who wipe out all except Saigo and Shimizu. They report to Lieutenant Ito, a Navy officer and hardline believer in bushido, announcing that they have arrived from Suribachi. Ito screams, "You survived Suribachi? How dare you!" He raises his katana to summarily execute them, but Kuribayashi arrives and reprimands Ito for attempting to needlessly kill two soldiers. To Ito\'s horror, Kuribayashi confirms that he has given the order to retreat to the north caves. "Fight for your fallen brethren," he tells Ito, "until the end." Calling Kuribayashi, "a weak American sympathizer," Ito plans a mass banzai charge against U.S. positions. When the Lieutenant demands his obedience, Col. Nishi, accuses Ito of needlessly jeopardizing the lives of his men. Nishi orders Ito to either obey Kuribayashi or hand over his command. Instead, Ito leads his men toward the American lines. Then however, he orders them to join Nishi. Ito then straps three land mines to himself and walks toward the battle zone, intending to throw himself under a tank. The next morning, Okubo, Nishi\'s executive officer, shoots a Marine named Sam, who is subsequently captured. To the surprise of his men, Nishi orders them to use their scarce morphine to treat Sam\'s wounds. After Sam\'s death, Nishi finds a letter from the Marine\'s mother and reads it aloud in Japanese. The soldiers are moved by the letter, Shimizu no longer thinks of the Americans as savages. Then, a shell hits the cave entrance and Nishi is blinded. He orders his men to regroup with Kuribayashi. As they depart, Nishi orders Lieutenant Okubo to leave him a rifle. Left alone, Nishi removes the bandage from his eyes and fingers and removes his boots to pull the trigger. Moments later, Okubo and the soldiers hear a gunshot as Nishi kills himself. Saigo announces that he is going to surrender and dares Shimizu to denounce him. To his surprise, Shimizu reveals that he was dishonorably discharged from the Kempeitai after five days of service. He had refused to kill a family\'s dog for his commander, who was simply annoyed by its barking. Deeply moved, Saigo tells Shimizu, "at least now only the enemy hates you." Shimizu and Saigo plan to flee. Saigo suggests Shimizu pretend to have urgent need and leave first, then Saigo can follow. When Shimizu leaves, one soldier asks to go to surrender together, but are found out by Lieutenant Okubo who then shoots them. Fortunately, Shimizu survives and is able to surrender to a Marine patrol and finds himself with another Japanese POW. The American patrol moves on, leaving them guarded by two Marines. As Shimizu and his fellow POW discuss their plans for after the war, the two Marines grumble about having to guard them. Finally, one of the Marines summarily executes Shimizu and the other POW. The two bodies are found by Lieutenant Okubo, who cites them as a lesson against surrender. Weeping, Saigo wraps Shimizu\'s senninbari over his corpse. Meanwhile, Lieutenant Ito, desperate and malnourished, breaks down and returns to the caves. When found by a Marine patrol, he surrenders without incident. Later, Saigo and the rest of Okubo\'s patrol are forced to pass through a firefight while retreating to the north of the island. Several men, including Okubo, are killed in the process. They rendezvous with General Kuribayashi, who is impressed to learn that Saigo has come all the way from Mount Suribachi. Kuribayashi is amazed to learn that he has twice saved the Private\'s life, and then comments that things always come in threes. After gathering the rest of his men, the General orders Saigo to stay behind and burn all documents and letters during the final attack rather than join the fighting, thus saving his life a third time. Saigo, however, cannot bring himself to burn his comrades\' letters to their families and buries them instead. Attired as a common infantryman, Kuribayashi launches a final charge at the head of his surviving soldiers. The Marines and the Japanese engage in a fierce hand-to-hand battle to the death. Kuribayashi, however, is mortally wounded when shrapnel is lodged in his legs. Fujita, the general\'s loyal adjutant, drags him away from the battle as American reinforcements have come to finish off the rest of the Japanese forces. By the next morning, the Japanese forces have been overrun, and the Americans have taken the rest of the island. Beginning to succumb to his wounds, Kuribayashi orders Fujita to behead him. As a weeping Fujita raises his katana, he is shot dead by a Marine sniper. Private Saigo arrives and the dying General orders his last soldier to bury him where the enemy will never find his body. Then, Kuribayashi draws his M1911 pistol&mdash; a gift from an American officer friend before the war. He asks Saigo, "Is this still Japanese soil?" Saigo responds, "Yes, this is still Japan." The General fatally shoots himself and a weeping Saigo drags Kuribayashi\'s body away for burial. Meanwhile, a Marine patrol find Fujita\'s body and a katana. The leader of the patrol, a Marine Lieutenant finds Kuribayashi\'s pistol and tucks it in his belt as a trophy. They search the area and find Saigo with his shovel. Seeing Kuribayashi\'s pistol in possession of the enemy, an enraged Saigo begins swinging his shovel at the Marines but is too weak to fight. However, the Lieutenant orders his men not to shoot him. Instead, he knocks Saigo out with a rifle butt and has him sent by stretcher to the POW camp. Awakening, Saigo glimpses the sun setting over the black sands of the beach and smiles grimly. The film ends with the Japanese archaeologists finding the letters that Saigo had buried.'] ["Cameron  is a young veteran running from the police. He stumbles onto the set of a World War I movie and accidentally causes the death of one of the film's stunt men. The eccentric and autocratic director, Eli Cross , agrees to hide Cameron from the police if he will take the dead man's place. Cameron soon begins to suspect that Cross is putting him in excessive danger. At a bar one night, another member of the production gets drunk and tells Cameron that Eli almost killed the helicopter pilot during the fatal accident Cameron caused, because he insisted he keep flying in order to get the shot. Cameron falls in love with Nina Franklin , the film's star, and is devastated to find out that she and Eli slept together before he met her. The boundaries between reality and fiction become increasingly blurred as Cross exercises godlike control over the production. During a screening of some footage for Nina's parents who are visiting the production, a nude sex scene with Nina is shown. Eli appears to be mortified, but allows the footage to play anyway. He waits until Nina is just about to shoot a traumatic scene the next day to tell her that her parents have seen the footage of her naked. It causes her to cry, which seems to be the exact emotion Eli needed from her in the scene. The final day of filming involves a complicated stunt where Cameron has to drive a vintage Duesenberg off a bridge. Nina has two other scenes to shoot as well, but Cameron is convinced Eli will rig the stunt so he will die. He persuades Nina to run away with him, but they are unable to leave the set, which is kept sealed from the neighboring town by the police on Eli's orders. Nina hides in the trunk of the Duesenberg, promising to slip away with Cameron during the stunt. Before the scene is shot, Eli points to the Duesenberg and explains it is the only copy of the vintage car that the production has. He therefore orders that no one interrupt the filming of the scene once it begins. Cameron is beside himself with anxiety. He keeps trying to check the trunk to see if Nina is there, but finally decides that he will find out once he has escaped in the car. When he gets behind the wheel, the police chief asks if the in-car camera is on. In a panic, believing he has been discovered, Cameron turns on the engine before anyone is ready. The entire crew springs into action. Eli screams at them to start shooting. Cameron thinks he has escaped when he arrives at the bridge. He flips off the camera, but a crew member triggers a charge which causes a blowout in a front tire. The car swerves off the side of the bridge and into the water. As it sinks, Cameron climbs into the back seat to free Nina from the trunk. Then he sees her standing next to Eli on the bridge, looking down on him. He swims to the bank. Eli descends behind him on a crane, and helps Cameron come to the realization his life was never in danger. Cameron says that the stunt is the hardest $1,000 he has ever made. Eli corrects Cameron, saying the pay for the stunt is only $650. Cameron becomes enraged, insisting he was promised $1,000. Eli laughs at him and offers to split the difference at $750. He flies off in the helicopter, leaving Cameron screaming at him."] ['A group of Russian soldiers is ambushed by rebels in the Chechen mountains and two of them are taken prisoner by an old man who wants to swap them for his son in the Russian detention. The two prisoners cope with the situation in very different ways, as the war-hardened and cynical officer Sasha  works to escape while the young and naive conscript Vanya  tries to make friends with his captors. After an escape plan fails, the different personalities of these prisoners determine their fate.'] ['The film begins with Ron Kovic\'s childhood during a summer in Massapequa, New York. He plays war in the woods, attends a Fourth of July parade, plays and wins at a local neighborhood baseball game, and watches President John F. Kennedy\'s inaugural address, which later inspires him to enlist in the Marines. After Ron Kovic and his classmates hear an impassioned lecture about the Marine Corps, Ron decides to enlist. He misses his prom because he is unable to secure a date with his love interest, Donna. He confronts her at the prom and has a dance with her on his last night before leaving. The film then moves to Kovic\'s second Vietnam tour in October 1967. Now a Marine sergeant and on patrol, his unit massacres a village of Vietnamese citizens, believing them to be enemy combatants. During the retreat, Kovic becomes disoriented and accidentally shoots one of the new arrivals to his platoon, a younger Marine private first class, named Wilson. Despite the frantic efforts of the Navy Corpsmen present who try to save him, Wilson later dies from his wounds, leaving a deep impression on Kovic. Overwhelmed by guilt, Kovic appeals to his executive officer , who merely tells him to forget the incident. The meeting has a negative effect on Ron, who is crushed at being brushed off by his XO. The platoon goes out on another hazardous patrol in January 1968. During a firefight, Kovic is critically wounded and trapped in a field facing sure death, until a fellow Marine rescues him. Paralyzed from the mid-chest down, he spends several months recovering at the Bronx Veterans Administration hospital. The hospital living conditions are deplorable: rats crawl freely on the floors, the staff is generally apathetic to their patients\' needs, doctors visit the patients infrequently, drug use is rampant , and equipment is too old and ill-maintained to be useful. He desperately tries to walk again with the use of crutches and braces, despite repeated warnings from his doctors. However, he soon suffers a bad fall that causes a compound fracture of his thighbone. The injury nearly robs him of his leg, and he vehemently argues with the doctors who briefly consider resorting to amputation. Ron returns home, permanently in a wheelchair, with his leg intact. From the start, he notices how all his family and friends treat him differently now that he is paralyzed. He begins to alienate his family and friends, complaining about students staging anti-war rallies across the country and burning the American flag. Though he tries to maintain his dignity as a Marine, Ron gradually becomes disillusioned, feeling the effects of his paralysis on his life, and realizes that all the things he was taught from birth, like honor, patriotism, and courage, were illusions which he would give up any day to get his legs back. In Ron\'s absence, his younger brother Tommy has already become staunchly anti-war, remarking to Ron directly in his face what the war had done to him, leading to a rift between them. His highly religious mother also seems unable to deal with Ron\'s new attitude as a resentful, paralyzed veteran. His problems are as much psychological as they are physical and he quickly becomes alcoholic and belligerent. During an Independence Day parade, he shows signs of post-traumatic stress when firecrackers explode and when a baby in the crowd starts crying. He reunites with his old high school friend, Timmy Burns, who is also a wounded veteran, and the two spend Ron\'s birthday sharing war stories. Later, Ron goes to visit Donna at her college in Syracuse, New York. The two reminisce and she asks him to attend a vigil for the victims of the Kent State shootings. However, he cannot do so, because his chair prevents him from getting very far on campus because of curbs and stairways. He and Donna are separated after she and her fellow students are captured and taken away by the police at her college for demonstrating a protest against the Vietnam War. After returning home drunk one night after having a barroom confrontation with a World War II veteran who expresses no sympathy to Ron, Ron\'s disillusionment grows severe enough that he has an intense fight with his mother, yelling at her that there was no God, and that they murdered civilians in Vietnam in disregard of Christian morals. Ron travels to a small town in Mexico  that seems to be a haven for paralyzed Vietnam veterans. He has his first sexual experience with a prostitute he believes he\'s in love with. Ron wants to ask her to marry him but when he sees her with another customer, the realization of real love versus a mere physical sexual experience sets in, and he decides against it. Hooking up with another wheelchair-using veteran, Charlie, who is furious over a prostitute\'s mocking his lack of sexual function due to his paralysis, the two travel to what they believe will be a friendlier village. After annoying their taxicab driver, they end up stranded on the side of the road. They quarrel and fight about what each of them had really done in Vietnam, knocking each other out of their wheelchairs. Eventually, they are picked up by a man with a truck and eventually driven back to the "Village of the Sun". On his way back to Long Island, Ron makes a side trek to Georgia to visit the parents and family of Wilson, the Marine he accidentally killed during his tour. He tells them the real story about how their son died and confesses his guilt to them. Wilson\'s widow, now the mother of the deceased Marine\'s toddler son, admits that she cannot find it in her heart to forgive him for killing her husband, but adds that maybe God can. Wilson\'s parents, however, are more forgiving and even sympathetic to his predicament and suffering, because Wilson\'s father fought in the Pacific Theater during World War II and is disillusioned with the war in Vietnam. In spite of the mixed reactions he receives, the confession seems to lift a heavy weight from Ron\'s conscience. Ron joins Vietnam Veterans Against the War  and travels to the 1972 Republican National Convention in Miami. He and his compatriots force their way into the convention hall during Richard Nixon\'s acceptance speech and cause a commotion that makes it onto the national news. Ron himself tells a reporter about his negative experiences in Vietnam and the VA hospital conditions, that the Vietnam war is wrong, and tells him that the Vietnamese people are a proud people fighting against the US for their independence, fueling rage from the surrounding Nixon supporters. His interview is cut short when guards eject him and his fellow vets from the hall and attempt to turn them over to the police. They manage to break free from the police, regroup, and charge the hall again, though not so successfully this time. The film ends with Kovic\'s speaking at the 1976 Democratic National Convention, shortly after the publication of his autobiography, Born on the Fourth of July.'] ['When an American infantry unit surrenders to the North Koreans, the prisoners of war have their hands bound behind their backs and are then executed. Only Sergeant Zack  survives the massacre, saved when the bullet meant for him is deflected by his helmet. He is freed by South Korean orphan , nicknamed "Short Round" by Zack, who tags along despite the sergeant\'s annoyance. They come across Corporal Thompson ([[James Edwards , an African-American medic and also the sole survivor of his unit. Then they encounter a patrol led by inexperienced Lieutenant Driscoll ([[Steve Brodie . Contemptuous of the "ninety day wonder", Zack refuses Driscoll\'s request for his veteran help, but when the patrol is pinned down by snipers soon afterward, Zack returns and bails them out. Together with Sergeant Tanaka , another "retread" from World War II, he spots and kills the snipers. Zack reluctantly agrees to accompany Driscoll on his mission: to establish an observation post at a Buddhist temple. The grouping was "designed" by Fuller to be broadly representative of the Korean War-era US Army. Thus, there is an element of stereotyping in the characters. Among them are Joe, the quiet one ; the former conscientious objector; the "intellectual" ; an African-American; the naive radio operator ; and the Nisei Tanaka. They reach the apparently deserted temple without incident, but Joe is killed that night by a North Korean major  hiding there. The officer is eventually captured. He tries without success to subvert first Thompson, then Tanaka, by pointing out the racism they face in 1950s America. Sergeant Zack prepares to take his prize back for questioning, cynically looking forward to a furlough as a reward. Before he leaves, Driscoll asks to exchange helmets for luck, but Zack turns him down. Then Short Round is killed by another sniper. After the major mocks the wish the boy had written down , Zack loses control and shoots the prisoner, who dies soon after. Then the unit spots the North Koreans on the move and calls down devastating artillery strikes. When the enemy realize the artillery is being directed from the temple, they attack in large numbers, supported by a tank. The attack is repelled, but only Zack, Tanaka, Thompson, and the radio operator survive. When they are relieved, Zack responds to the question, "What outfit are you?" with the statement, "US infantry." As they leave the temple, Zack goes to Driscoll\'s grave and exchanges his helmet with the one marking the man\'s grave.'] ['Oh! What A Lovely War summarizes and comments on the story of World War I using popular songs of the time, many of which were parodies of older popular songs, and using allegorical settings such as Brighton\'s West Pier to portray historical events. The diplomatic manoeuvrings and events involving those in authority are set in a fantasy location inside the pierhead pavilion, far from the trenches. In the opening scene various Foreign Ministers, generals and Heads of State walk over a huge map of Europe, reciting actual words spoken by these figures at the time. An unnamed photographer takes a picture of Europe\'s rulers - after handing two red poppies to the Archduke Ferdinand and his wife, the Duchess of Hohenberg he takes their picture, \'assassinating\' them as the flash goes off. Many of the heads of state enjoy good personal relations and are reluctant to go to war: a tearful Emperor Franz Josef declares war on Serbia after being deceived by his Foreign Minister, whilst Czar Nicholas II and Kaiser Wilhelm II are shown as unable to overrule their countries\' military mobilisation schedules. The German invasion of Belgium leaves Sir Edward Grey little choice but to get involved. Italy reneges on her alliance with the Central Powers  but Turkey joins them instead. The start of the war in 1914 is shown as a parade of optimism. The protagonists are an archetypal British family of the time, the Smiths, who are shown entering Brighton\'s West Pier, with General Haig selling tickets - the film later follows the young Smith men through their experiences in the trenches. A military band rouses holidaymakers from the beach to rally round and follow - some even literally boarding a bandwagon. The first Battle of Mons is similarly cheerfully depicted yet more realistic in portrayal. Both scenes are flooded in pleasant sunshine. When the casualties start to mount, a theatre audience is rallied by singing "Are We Downhearted? No!" A chorus line dressed in frilled yellow dresses, recruits a volunteer army with "We don\'t want to lose you, but we think you ought to go". A music hall star  then enters a lone spotlight, and lures the still doubtful young men in the audience into "taking the King\'s Shilling" by singing about how every day she \'walks out\' with different men in uniform, and that "On Saturday I\'m willing, if you\'ll only take the shilling, to make a man of any one of you." The young men take to the stage and are quickly moved offstage and into military life, and the initially alluring music hall singer is depicted on close-up as a coarse, over-made-up harridan. The red poppy crops up again as a symbol of impending death, often being handed to a soldier about to be sent to die. These scenes are juxtaposed with the pavilion, now housing the top military brass. There is a scoreboard  showing the loss of life and \'yards gained\'. Outside, Sylvia Pankhurst  is shown addressing a hostile crowd on the futility of war, upbraiding them for believing everything they read in the newspapers. She is met with catcalls and jeered off her podium. 1915 is depicted as darkly contrasting in tone. Many shots of a parade of wounded men illustrate an endless stream of grim, hopeless faces. Black humour among these soldiers has now replaced the enthusiasm of the early days. "There\'s A Long, Long Trail A-Winding" captures the new mood of despair, depicting soldiers filing along in torrential rain in miserable conditions. Red poppies provide the only bright colour in these scenes. In a scene of British soldiers drinking in an estaminet, a chanteuse  leads them in a jolly chorus of "The Moon Shines Bright On Charlie Chaplin", a reworking of an American song then shifts the mood back to darker tone by singing a soft and sombre version of "Adieu la vie". At the end of the year, amidst more manoeuvres in the pavilion, General  Sir Douglas Haig replaces Field Marshal Sir John French as Commander-in-Chief of the British Forces. An interfaith service is held in a ruined abbey. A priest tells the gathered soldiers that each religion has endorsed the war by way of allowing soldiers to eat pork if Jewish, meat on Fridays if Catholic, and work through the sabbath if in service of the war for all religions. He also mentions the Dalai Lama has blessed the war effort. 1916 passes and the film\'s tone darkens again. The songs contain contrasting tones of wistfulness, stoicism, and resignation; including "The Bells Of Hell Go Ting-a-ling-a-ling", "If The Sergeant Steals Your Rum, Never Mind" and "Hanging on the Old Barbed Wire". The wounded are laid out in ranks at the field station, a stark contrast to the healthy rows of young men who entered the War. The camera often lingers on Harry Smith\'s silently suffering face. The Americans arrive, but are shown only in the \'disconnected reality\' of the pavilion, interrupting the deliberations of the British generals by singing "Over There" with the changed final line: "And we won\'t come back - we\'ll be buried over there!" The resolute-looking American captain seizes the map from an astonished Haig. Jack notices with disgust that after three years of fighting, he is literally back where he started, at Mons. As the Armistice is sounding, Jack is the last one to die. There is a splash of red which at first glance appears to be blood, but which turns out to be yet another poppy out of focus in the foreground. The film closes with a long slow pan out that ends in a dizzying aerial view of soldiers\' graves, as the voices of the dead sing "We\'ll Never Tell Them" .'] ['Joe Bonham , a young American soldier hit by an artillery shell during World War I, lies in a hospital bed. He is a quadruple amputee who has also lost his eyes, ears, mouth and nose. He remains conscious and able to reason, however, rendering him a prisoner in his own body. As he drifts between reality and fantasy, he remembers his old life with his family and girlfriend . He also forms a bond, of sorts, with a young nurse  who senses his plight. At the end of the film, Joe tries to communicate to his doctors, via Morse code, and wishes for the Army to either put him in a glass coffin in a freak show as a demonstration of the horrors of war, or kill him. In the end, however, he realizes that the Army will grant neither wish, and will leave him in a state of living death. In the film\'s climax, his nurse attempts to euthanize him by clamping his breathing tube, but her supervisor stops her before Joe can succumb. This does not occur in the novel. The film ends with Joe weakly chanting "S.O.S. Help me."'] ["The story is told in a series of flashbacks from the viewpoint of W. P. Inman , a quiet man from a provincial North Carolina town. He meets Ada , the new preacher's daughter. However, as their relationship begins to develop, the Civil War begins and Inman is compelled to join the fray. The film opens in July 1864 at the Siege of Petersburg. After suffering a serious wound, Inman is sent to a Confederate military hospital where he recovers alongside other soldiers who, like himself, have become disaffected by the prolonged and horrifically destructive war. As he faces the inevitability of being sent back to the war, and after receiving a letter from Ada imploring him to return home to Cold Mountain, he decides to desert the army and sets off in the night to make the perilous journey home. Inman's journey to return to Ada is fraught with danger and unexpected encounters with other desperate individuals, some treacherous and some sympathetic. He faces starvation, extreme weather, and the constant harassment of the ruthless Confederate Home Guard, led by the vicious Teague , sent to track down deserters. He is at times aided in his journey by strangers equally affected by the horrors of war. As Inman journeys home, Ada is left destitute and desperate back at Cold Mountain after the death of her father. She is aided by a young woman named Ruby Thewes  who is determined to help Ada and her farm at Black Cove survive through the worsening conditions of the war-ravaged South. Ruby is reunited with her estranged fiddle-playing deserter father, Stobrod, whose return threatens to bring disaster to Black Cove. The film alternates between Inman's epic journey and Ada's trials at Cold Mountain, while telling through flashbacks the story of Ada and Inman's brief love affair before the war tore them apart."] ["In France in 1944, an American Intelligence squad locates a German platoon in the Ardennes, wishing to surrender rather than die in Germany's final war offensive. The two groups of men, isolated from the war at present, put aside their differences and spend Christmas together before the surrender plan turns bad and both sides are forced to fight each other."] ['U.S. Army Captain and special operations veteran Benjamin L. Willard  has returned from action to Saigon where he drinks heavily and destroys his hotel room. Intelligence officers Lieutenant General Corman  and Colonel Lucas  approach him with an assignment: Willard must follow the Nung River into the remote Cambodian jungle, find rogue U.S. Army Special Forces Colonel Walter E. Kurtz  and kill him. Kurtz apparently went insane and now commands his own Montagnard troops inside neutral Cambodia. Willard joins a U.S. Navy PBR commanded by Chief Petty Officer George "Chief" Phillips ([[Albert Hall  and crewmen Lance Johnson , Jay "Chef" Hicks  and Tyrone "Mr. Clean" Miller . For escort they rendezvous with reckless Lieutenant Colonel Bill Kilgore , who commands a squadron of attack helicopters. Initially scoffing at them, Kilgore befriends Johnson as both are keen surfers. When Willard suggests the Viet Cong-filled coastal mouth of the Nung River, Kilgore accepts due to the surfing conditions there. After napalm strikes and Ride of the Valkyries playing over the chopper loudspeakers, the beach is taken and Kilgore orders others to surf it amid enemy fire. While Kilgore nostalgically regales everyone about a previous strike, Willard gathers his men to the PBR, which had been transported from a helicopter. Willard sifts through files of Kurtz, learning he was a model officer and possible future general, a top soldier in the field. Navigating upstream, the crew encounters a tiger and later visit a supply depot USO show featuring Playboy Playmates. The crew search a civilian sampan they come across, but Mr. Clean snaps and kills almost all on board, while Willard coldly shoots an injured survivor to prevent any delay of his mission. On reaching a US outpost at a bridge under constant attack, Willard is informed that a Captain Colby  was sent to find Kurtz, but is now missing. Lance and Chef are continually under the influence of drugs and Lance becomes withdrawn, smearing his face with camouflage paint. The next day the boat is fired upon by an unseen enemy in the trees, killing Mr. Clean and turning Chief hostile toward Willard. Later, they are ambushed again, by Montagnard warriors. They return fire and Chief is impaled with a spear, who then tries to kill Willard by pulling him onto it, but dies from his wound. Afterwards, Willard confides in the remaining Chef and Lance about his mission, and they reluctantly agree to continue upriver where they see the coastline is littered with bodies. Arriving at Kurtz\'s outpost, Willard takes Lance with him to the village, leaving Chef behind with orders to call an airstrike on the village if he does not return. In the camp, the two men are met by a manic freelance photographer , who explains that Kurtz\'s great philosophical skills inspire his people to follow him. As they proceed, they see bodies and severed heads scattered about the nearby temple that serves as Kurtz\'s living quarters, and encounter the missing Captain Colby, who is nearly catatonic. Willard is brought before Kurtz in the darkened temple, where Kurtz derides him as an errand boy. Meanwhile Chef calls in the airstrike but is kidnapped. Bound to a post, Willard screams helplessly as Kurtz drops Chef\'s severed head into his lap. After some time, Willard is released and given the freedom of the compound. Kurtz lectures him on his theories of war, humanity and civilization while praising the ruthlessness and dedication of the Viet Cong. He asks Willard to tell his son everything about him in the event of his death. That night, as the villagers ceremonially slaughter a water buffalo, Willard enters Kurtz\'s chamber as Kurtz is making a recording, and attacks him with a machete. Lying mortally wounded on the ground, Kurtz whispers his final words "The horror ... the horror ..." before dying. Willard descends the stairs from Kurtz\'s chamber and drops his weapon. The villagers do likewise and allow Willard to take Lance by the hand and lead him to the boat. The two of them sail away as airstrikes are launched on the village and Kurtz\'s final words echo.In some, but not all, prints of the film, the closing credits play over footage of Kurtz\'s temple-base exploding; some viewers interpreted this as an air strike called in by Willard. Because this was not Coppola\'s intention, after the film\'s original general release he replaced this footage with a plain black screen.'] ['The movie\'s main protagonist is Milan , a Bosnian Serb. At the beginning of the war in Bosnia, his life in his little village with his best friend Halil , a Bosniak, is generally quiet and reminiscent of that of a normal lifestyle in the countryside. He gradually notices that Bosniaks whom he knew in his village are slowly but surely moving out. During the conflict, Milan joins the Bosnian Serb Army and is attached to a squad that includes: * Velja : A career criminal and thief from Belgrade who did most of his "work" in Germany in the late 1980s and early 1990s. On a visit home, he pretended to be his younger brother, knowing full well he\'d be taken to the frontlines, when authorities came to pick up his draft-dodging sibling. He provides the film\'s title. After the squad set a village alight, they watch it burn and he says: "Pretty villages are pretty when they burn. Ugly villages stay ugly, even when they burn."  * Petar "Professor" : A Bosnian Serb school teacher from Banja Luka before the war, he seems to have nostalgic feelings towards Yugoslavia. While some of the others loot houses, he is more interested in literature. He intermittently reads from a burnt diary he found in one of the villages the squad passed through. * Brzi  : An unstable Belgrade junkie, he is the son of a Yugoslav People\'s Army  officer. High on drugs one night he walks to the highway overpass in Belgrade where the people have gathered to cheer on the troops going to war. He jumps off into traffic below only to land in a JNA truck headed towards the Croatian border. It is left ambiguous whether the jump was a suicide attempt. Once on the front lines, he is given an ambulance truck to drive and he now sees his involvement in the war as an attempt to get himself off drugs. He is the only one in the unit who speaks English. * Laza ([[Dragan Petrović : A simpleminded and impressionable family man with old-fashioned values, villager Laza was so outraged by a Serbian TV news-report about atrocities being perpetrated against Serbs that he walked to the nearest highway and hitchhiked to Belgrade to volunteer for combat recruitment. On the way there he vents his anger to the truck driver that picked him up, telling him among other things "never again shall a German or Turk set foot here", completely unaware that the person behind the wheel is a Turkish trucker driving through Serbia. * Viljuška  : A Chetnik sympathizer from a rural area in central Serbia whose only motive for signing up for war was looking out for his best man Laza. He is nicknamed Fork because he carries a fork around his neck symbolizing Serbian sophistication in the 14th century and compares Serbian kings to English and German kings at the time, who he says ate using their hands. He is very cheerful and jovial until Laza dies. * Marko  : A young man who appears to be about 18 years old. He is often foolish and desperately seeking the approval of his squad-members. He is shown to be very fond of foreign culture; he drew a graffiti of a Serb three-finger salute with the caption saying "Srbija do Tokija"  in an ethnically cleansed Bosniak house, later holding a Confederate flag when leaving the Bosniak village sitting on top of an OT M-60, and he always wear a headband with the Chinese character for "dragon"  on it. * Gvozden : The squad\'s captain, and a professionally trained JNA officer. Although fighting for the Serbian side against the Muslims , in his heart he\'s still a loyalist to Yugoslavia and its ideals. He walked 350&nbsp;km to attend Tito\'s funeral in 1980. He has past history with the Bosniak squad\'s leader as they both served together in the JNA. * Liza Linel : Liza is an American reporter for the CBC News, looking for stories at the front lines. She snuck into Speedy\'s medical truck before he drove it into the tunnel. Milan is generally dissatisfied with the way the war is being conducted and is disturbed by the fact that profiteers are looting and burning his best friend Halil\'s property. Milan shoots three of the profiteers, wounding them and is shocked that the nearby kafana owner Slobo  is with them. Milan is later told by the kafana owner that his mother has been killed by Bosniaks from Halil\'s squad. As the movie progresses, Milan and his squad are ambushed and encircled by a group of Bosniak fighters. Seeing that there is no way around the issue, Milan decides to tell his surviving squad mates about a tunnel he was scared of entering as a child. The squad enters the tunnel and engages in a firefights with the Bosniak fighters. They are joined by Brzi and Liza. The squad stays inside the cave for a week and slowly but surely the soldiers snap, one by one they try to leave the tunnel and they are killed or wounded for it. Meanwhile, each of them have flashbacks as to what brought each of them into this situation. After their force has been whittled down substantially, Gvozden drives the truck out of the tunnel; the truck explodes killing both Gvozden and the Bosniak fighters, and opening the way out. The movie\'s climax is when Milan and Halil meet outside at the tunnel\'s exit and openly ask each other a few important questions. Halil asks who burned down his shop while Milan asks who killed his mother; both men deny each of the actions. Halil is then killed by a Serbian artillery strike. Milan, Petar and Brzi escape and all three are sent to the Belgrade Military Hospital, where Brzi dies.  Although the film has highly non-linear structure, most consider it easy to follow. The story is told in several time periods, which cut back and forth: * 1971 – The prologue is done as a faux newsreel, showing the opening of the Tunnel of Brotherhood and Unity by visiting local dignitary Džemal Bijedić on 27 June 1971. * 1980 – Milan and Halil are young boys, and this thread shows their childhood friendship set somewhere in the rural Eastern Bosnia. Though the specific village is not mentioned by name it\'s assumed to be somewhere in the Drina valley . * Late 1980s/early 1990s – Milan and Halil open an auto-repair shop in the village. * 1992 – Referenced in the film as "the first day of the war", this probably takes place on March 2, as the kafana owner reads about the shooting of Nikola Gardović in Sarajevo  in the Večernje novosti newspaper. * 1994 – The main thrust of the film, in which the squad is pinned down in the tunnel. * 1994  – Milan and the Professor, as well as an unconscious Speedy, are in a military hospital in Belgrade. In addition, there is a prologue and epilogue: * Epilogue – 21 July 1999. This is also supposedly a newsreel, showing the re-opening of the reconstructed tunnel under the new name – Tunnel of Peace. Finally, there is a scene outside the main narrative of the film in which the young Milan and Halil enter the tunnel to find out it is full of dead bodies. Two of those bodies are themselves , symbolizing their fates sealed in this tunnel.'] ['The film follows the novel in presenting a first-person narrative from the point of view of Billy Pilgrim, who becomes "unstuck in time" and experiences the events of his life in a seemingly random order, including a period spent on the alien planet of Tralfamadore. Particular emphasis is placed on his experiences during World War II, including the bombing of Dresden in World War II, as well as time spent with fellow prisoners of war Edgar Derby  and the psychopathic Paul Lazzaro . His life as a husband to Valencia , and father to Barbara and Robert  are also depicted, as they live and sometimes even enjoy their life of affluence in Ilium, New York. A "sink-or-swim" scene with Pilgrim\'s father is also featured. The scenes of extraterrestrial life on Trafalmadore feature Hollywood starlet Montana Wildhack .'] ['During a battle in the last months of World War I, the protagonist, an unnamed Jewish private and a barber by profession , is fighting for the Central Powers in the army of the fictional nation of Tomainia, comically blundering through the trenches in combat scenes. Upon hearing a fatigued pilot pleading for help, the private attempts to rescue the exhausted officer, Commander Schultz . The two board Schultz\'s nearby airplane and fly off, escaping enemy fire in the nick of time. Schultz reveals that he is carrying important dispatches that could win the war. However, the plane loses fuel and crashes in a marsh. They both survive, but the private suffers from memory loss. As medics arrive, Commander Schultz gives them the dispatches, but is told that the war has just ended and Tomainia lost. Twenty years later, as the amnesiac private is released from the hospital, Adenoid Hynkel , the ruthless dictator of Tomainia, has undertaken to persecute Jews throughout the land, aided by Minister of the Interior Garbitsch  and Minister of War Herring . The symbol of Hynkel\'s fascist regime is the "double cross", and Hynkel himself speaks in a macaronic parody of the German language, "translated" at humorously obvious parts in the speech by an overly concise English-speaking news voice-over.  The Jewish private/barber, unaware of Hynkel\'s rise to power, returns to his barbershop in the Jewish ghetto{{dn}} and is shocked when storm troopers paint "Jew" on the windows of his shop. In his ensuing slapstick scuffle with the stormtroopers, Hannah , a beautiful resident of the ghetto, knocks both Stormtroopers on the head with a frying pan. The barber finds a friend and ultimately a love interest in Hannah. Soon, the barber is attacked again by Stormtroopers, but is saved when Commander Schultz, now a high official in Hynkel\'s government, intervenes. Schultz recognizes the barber, who is reminded of the war by Schultz and therefore regains his memory. Though surprised to find him a Jew, Schultz orders the storm troopers to leave him and Hannah alone. Hynkel relaxes his stance on Tomainian Jewry in an attempt to woo a Jewish financier into giving him a loan to support his regime. Egged on by Garbitsch, Hynkel has become obsessed with the idea of being Emperor of the world, dancing at one point with a large, inflatable globe, to the tune of the Prelude to Act I of Richard Wagner\'s Lohengrin. Against Garbitsch\'s advice to reinforce the violence against Jews, Hynkel plans to invade the neighboring country of Osterlich, and needs the loan to finance the invasion. When the Jewish financier refuses, Hynkel reinstates and intensifies his persecution of the Jews. When Schultz, who is empathetic to the Jews, voices his objection to the pogrom, Hynkel denounces Schultz as a supporter of democracy and a traitor, and orders him placed in a concentration camp. Schultz flees to the ghetto and begins planning to overthrow the Hynkel regime with Hannah, the barber and other residents there. After discussing and then abandoning a proposed suicide mission, Schultz and the barber are captured and condemned to the camp.  Hynkel is initially opposed by Benzino Napaloni , dictator of Bacteria, in his plans to invade Osterlich. Hynkel invites Napaloni to a military show to impress him with a display of military might and psychological warfare, but this ends in disaster. After some friction, a comedic food fight between the two leaders and a deal between the two leaders on which Hynkel immediately reneges, his invasion proceeds. Hannah had emigrated to Osterlich to escape Hynkel, but once again finds herself living under Hynkel\'s regime. Schultz and the barber escape from the camp wearing Tomainian uniforms. Border guards mistake the barber for Hynkel, to whom he is nearly identical in appearance. Conversely, Hynkel, on a duck-hunting trip, falls overboard and is mistaken for the barber and is arrested by his own soldiers. The barber, now assuming Hynkel\'s identity, is taken to the capital of Osterlich to make a victory speech. Garbitsch, in introducing "Hynkel" to the throngs, decries free speech and argues for the subjugation of the Jews. The barber then makes a rousing speech, reversing Hynkel\'s antisemitic policies and declaring that Tomainia and Osterlich will now be a free nation and a democracy. He calls for humanity in general to break free from dictatorships and use science and progress to make the world better instead.wikiquote:Charlie Chaplin Hannah, now an impoverished laborer in a vineyard in Osterlich, hears the barber\'s speech on the radio, and is amazed when "Hynkel" addresses her directly: "Hannah, can you hear me? Wherever you are, look up, Hannah. The clouds are lifting. The sun is breaking through. We are coming out of the darkness into the light. We are coming into a new world, a kindlier world, where men will rise above their hate, their greed and brutality. Look up, Hannah. The soul of man has been given wings, and at last he is beginning to fly. He is flying into the rainbow — into the light of hope, into the future, the glorious future that belongs to you, to me, and to all of us. Look up, Hannah. Look up!" As she rises, an aged man  asks, "Hannah, did you hear that?" The girl silences him with a gesture, saying, "Listen," and turns her face, radiant with joy and hope, toward the sunlight.Eidenmuller, Michael E. "The Great Dictator" ". American Rhetoric. Retrieved April 1, 2012.'] ['In 1967, Chris Taylor  has dropped out of college and volunteered for combat duty in Vietnam. Assigned to Bravo Company, near the Cambodian border, he is worn down by the exhausting conditions and his enthusiasm for the war wanes. One night his unit is set upon by a group of North Vietnamese Army  soldiers, who retreat after a brief gunfight. New recruit Gardner is killed while another soldier, Tex, is maimed by friendly fire from a grenade thrown by Sergeant "Red" O\'Neill , with Taylor being mistakenly reprimanded by the ruthless Staff Sergeant Bob Barnes . Taylor eventually gains acceptance from a tight-knit group in his unit who socialize and even use drugs in a cabin clubhouse. He finds a mentor in Sergeant Elias  as well as the elder King . During one patrol, a soldier named Manny is found mutilated and tied to a post while two others, Sal and Sandy, are killed by a booby-trap. As tension mounts, the platoon soon reaches a nearby village where a supply cache is discovered. Taylor finds a disabled young man and an elderly woman hiding in a spider hole. Taylor snaps, screaming and threatening the man but is shocked to see Bunny  then bludgeon him to death. Barnes interrogates the village chief to determine if they have been aiding the Vietcong. Despite the villagers\' adamant denials, Barnes shoots and kills the chief\'s wife due to her persistent arguing. Barnes takes the child of the woman at gunpoint, threatening to shoot her if the villagers do not reveal information. Elias arrives, scolding Barnes and engaging in a scuffle with him over the incident. Platoon commander Lieutenant Wolfe  orders the men to leave with the villagers and burn the village. As they leave, Taylor stops a group of soldiers raping two girls. Upon returning to base, Captain Harris  warns that if he finds out an illegal killing took place, then a court-martial would be ordered, which concerns Barnes as Elias might give a testimony. On their next patrol, the platoon is ambushed and pinned down in a firefight, in which numerous soldiers are wounded. Wolfe calls in an artillery strike on incorrect coordinates, resulting in friendly fire casualties. Elias takes Taylor and Rhah  to intercept flanking enemy troops. Barnes orders the rest of the platoon to retreat, and goes back into the jungle to find Elias\' group. Barnes finds Elias and shoots him, returning to tell the others that Elias was killed by the enemy. After they take off, a wounded Elias emerges from the jungle, running from a group of North Vietnamese soldiers. Taylor glances over at Barnes and reads the apprehension on his face as Elias dies. At the base, Taylor attempts to talk his group into retaliation when a drunken Barnes enters the room and taunts them. Taylor attacks him but is cut near his eye as a result. The platoon is sent back into the combat area to maintain defensive positions. King is sent home and Taylor shares a foxhole with Francis . That night, an NVA assault occurs and the defensive lines are broken. Several soldiers in the platoon including Junior, Bunny and Wolfe, are killed, while O\'Neill barely escapes death by hiding under a dead soldier. To make matters worse, an NVA sapper armed with explosives rushes into battalion HQ, self-detonating and killing everyone inside. Meanwhile, Captain Harris orders his air support to expend all remaining ordnance inside his perimeter. During the chaos, Taylor encounters Barnes, but the wounded sergeant attacks him. Just before Barnes can pummel Taylor, both men are knocked unconscious by an explosion. Taylor regains consciousness the following morning, picks up an enemy Type 56, and finds an injured Barnes, who dares him to pull the trigger. Taylor shoots Barnes, killing him. Taylor then considers suicide with a grenade before reinforcements arrive and find him. Francis, who survived the battle unharmed, deliberately stabs himself in the leg and reminds Taylor that because they have been twice wounded, they can return home to the U.S. O\'Neill, who desperately wants to go home, is told he will remain in duty and replace Barnes. The helicopter flies away and Taylor weeps as he stares down at the death and destruction.'] ['{{plot}} In 1969, two best friends, Ralph Karr  and Scott Denny  are college students from a stuffy, upper-middle class suburban town in Maryland. The film begins with Ralph and Scott hitchhiking from their college to their hometown on Easter weekend. The boys finally arrive on Easter morning and shout their greetings across the glen to their family during a lakeside Easter Sunrise service, much to the amusement of Ralph\'s younger sister Beth  and mother Ev  and embarrassment of Scott\'s mother Jessie  and father Cliff . Tensions quickly begin to brew when they find out that Scott\'s brother Alden has enlisted; Scott and Ralph are outspoken in their opposition to the Vietnam War, which alienates Scott from his father. Alden doesn\'t want his father to see how worried he is about going to Vietnam, but gives Scott his old Chevrolet Corvair convertible as a gift before leaving, a gift Scott reluctantly accepts. Late in the afternoon, the family has arranged to deliver Alden to the bus station, where he will return to his Marine base and prepare to ship off to Vietnam. However, Jessie does not wish to say goodbye, and refuses to join them, going for a jog instead. On the bus, Alden notices his mother jogging along the adjacent highway and asks the driver to pull over. He and his mother wave goodbye across the highway, and as he gets back on the bus, she says quietly "Don\'t die". Back at college, Scott is quizzing Ralph about Don Quixote in their dorm room, only to learn that Ralph hasn\'t even read it. When he notices Ralph lighting a marijuana joint, he asks for a hit; when Ralph passes him the joint, Scott throws it out the window and warns Ralph not to flunk out of college at the risk of being drafted into the army. The same day, the two receive a surprise visit from Ev and Beth Karr and Jessie Denny; as the five of them head over to the cafeteria for lunch, they run into an anti-war rally occurring on the front steps. A riot breaks out when the police arrive, and when a young man beaten by police crashes into Beth as he runs from the officers, Scott rescues Beth while Ralph jumps in front of the police to stop them from accosting other students. Ev and Jessie are deeply unnerved by the unnecessary violence against the protesters, and Beth finds herself growing closer to Scott as he comforts her. During Beth\'s high school graduation a few weeks later, Ralph takes LSD, which Scott refuses to take. In his delirium while drugged, Ralph climbs on stage after the graduation ceremony is over, takes off most of his clothes, announces over the microphone to all present that he has flunked out of college, and then goes into a seizure while having a bad trip. After Ralph\'s hospitalization from this episode, he and Scott decide to spend the summer on the road, living out of their van  and experiencing all the freedom the counterculture has to offer. However, since his bad trip, Ralph does not feel as excited as Scott about the counterculture, and wishes to return home despite Scott\'s attempts to dissuade him. Eventually, the two men arrive back at their hometown in the middle of its summer festival. Ralph goes off to jump on stage with the rock band, and Scott heads over to the dunking tank to find his mother and father, and Ev setting out free soda at a nearby concession stand. When he notes that they are all looking anxious, Jessie reveals that Alden has been declared missing in action. Emboldened by the news of Alden\'s disappearance, Ralph and Scott hatch a plan to steal their files from the local draft board office. Beth tags along and offers to keep watch outside of the local Federal Building as Ralph and Scott break into the draft board office to find their own files. They quickly find their own files, and discover that Ralph\'s file contains a notice that indicates he is eligible for the draft. Ralph decides to steal both of their files, but Scott develops cold feet and wants no part of it. Ralph is angry at Scott\'s reluctance and reminds him, "Look, you can\'t stay in college forever--they\'ll be calling you sooner or later." Scott steals Ralph\'s cigarette lighter to keep him from destroying the two files. The local police notice Scott\'s van outside the Federal Building and stop to talk to Beth, who claims to be looking for her dog that got off the leash. They soon get suspicious when the supposedly lost dog appears just a few feet away, sniffing and barking near the draft board office\'s window, and they rush into the building. Scott runs from the room at Ralph\'s urging, and Ralph puts Scott\'s file away and hides in the office with his own. Ralph is soon found out, and arrested for the break-in. When Scott attempts to take equal blame for the break-in, Ralph lies that Scott had no part in it. The Dennys and Ev Karr arrive to find Ralph under arrest and Scott attempting to take equal blame, over Ralph\'s objection. The sheriff remarks that his own son came home paralyzed, so he certainly understands the boys\' reluctance to go and serve. Cliff Denny is livid about Scott\'s claims and declares that Alden would be ashamed of his actions, and Scott declares angrily that Alden is dead. Cliff disowns his son in front of the police, and Jessie reluctantly leaves the scene with her husband. Ralph is taken off to jail but tells Scott that he\'ll take all the blame and that Scott should just go off and enjoy his summer of fun in the counterculture. Scott is now determined to avoid Ralph\'s fate and plans to leave town and head to Canada to avoid the draft. Beth finds Scott in his van and convinces him to allow her to join him on his trip. They admit their attraction to each other and make love in the van. Later, the two decide to visit Ralph in jail to tell him that they are leaving. Ralph reveals in a very sarcastic tone that he actually wants to go to Vietnam. When he finds out that his friend and his sister have had sexual relations, he disowns Scott and ignores Beth. On the night of the first moon landing, Mr. Denny is excitedly watching the moon landing on television but finds Jessie Denny has a nervous breakdown over the news about her son\'s disappearance. She orders her husband to just leave her alone. Mr. Denny decides to visit the Karr house and ends up dancing and drinking with a drunken Ev Karr, who is bitter about the loss of her husband and the impending draft of her son. This proves to be an ample distraction for Scott to get Beth out of the house so they can leave for Canada. When Scott goes home to say good-bye to his mother, Jessie orders him to go to Canada and get as far away from here as he can. After a few days on the road, Scott and Beth get to the Canadian border and are about to cross when Beth realizes that running away from their families isn\'t going to help their cause. Scott reluctantly agrees and they head back to Maryland. When they get home, they learn of Alden\'s death. This event bridges the gap between father and son, enlightening both to the true cost of the war. Scott leads a huge march downtown in the midst of the Alden\'s funeral, and is able to get Ralph out of jail so they can reconcile. The film ends with a narration by Scott, announcing that his family and friends joined hundreds of thousands of other Americans in a march in Washington, D.C. to protest the war.'] ['In 1967, during the Vietnam War, a group of new U.S. Marine Corps recruits arrives at Parris Island for basic training. After having their heads shaved, they meet their Senior Drill Instructor, Gunnery Sergeant Hartman . Hartman employs draconian tactics to turn the recruits into hardened Marines prepared for combat. Among the recruits are Privates "Joker" , "Cowboy" , and the overweight, bumbling Leonard Lawrence , who earns the nickname "Gomer Pyle" after attracting Hartman\'s wrath. Unresponsive to Hartman\'s discipline, Pyle is eventually paired with Joker. Pyle improves with Joker\'s help, but his progress halts when Hartman discovers a contraband jelly doughnut in Pyle\'s foot locker. Believing that the recruits have failed to improve Pyle, Hartman adopts a collective punishment policy: every mistake Pyle makes will earn punishment for the rest of the platoon, with Pyle being spared. In retaliation, the platoon hazes Pyle with a blanket party, restraining him to his bunk and beating him with bars of soap wrapped in towels. After this incident, Pyle becomes a model Marine. This impresses Hartman, but worries Joker, who recognizes signs of mental breakdown in Pyle, such as talking to his M14 rifle. Following their graduation the recruits receive their Military Occupational Specialty assignments; Joker is assigned to Basic Military Journalism. During the platoon\'s final night on Parris Island, Joker discovers Pyle in the bathroom loading his rifle with ammunition. Joker attempts to calm Pyle, who executes drill commands and recites the Rifleman\'s Creed. The noise awakens the platoon and Hartman. Hartman confronts Pyle and orders him to surrender the rifle. Pyle kills Hartman, and then commits suicide. In January 1968, Joker, now a Sergeant, is a Marine War correspondent in Vietnam for Stars and Stripes with Private First Class Rafterman , a combat photographer. Rafterman wants to go into combat, as Joker claims he has done. At the Marine base, Joker is mocked for his lack of the thousand-yard stare, indicating his lack of war experience. They are interrupted by the start of the Tet Offensive as the North Vietnamese Army attempts to overrun the base. The following day, the journalism staff is briefed about enemy attacks throughout South Vietnam. Joker is sent to Phu Bai, accompanied by Rafterman. They meet the Lusthog Squad, where Cowboy is now a Sergeant. Joker accompanies the squad during the Battle of Huế, where platoon commander "Touchdown"  is killed by the enemy. After the area is declared secure by the Marines, a team of American news journalists and reporters enter Huế and interview various Marines about their experiences in Vietnam and their opinions about the war. During patrol, Crazy Earl , the squad leader, is killed by a booby trap, leaving Cowboy in command. The squad becomes lost and Cowboy orders Eightball  to scout the area. A Viet Cong sniper wounds Eightball and the squad medic, Doc Jay , attempts to save him against orders, being wounded himself. Cowboy learns that tank support is not available and orders the team to prepare for withdrawal. The squad\'s machine gunner, Animal Mother  disobeys Cowboy and attempts to save his teammates. He discovers there is only one sniper, but Doc Jay and Eightball are killed when Doc attempts to indicate the sniper\'s location. While maneuvering towards the sniper, Cowboy is shot and killed. Animal Mother assumes command of the squad and leads an attack on the sniper. Joker discovers the sniper, a teenage girl, and attempts to shoot her, but his rifle jams and alerts her to his presence. Rafterman shoots the sniper, mortally wounding her. As the squad converge, the sniper begs for death, prompting an argument about whether or not to kill her. Animal Mother decides to allow a mercy killing only if Joker performs it. After some hesitation, Joker shoots her. The Marines congratulate him on his kill as Joker stares into the distance, displaying the thousand-yard stare. The Marines march toward their camp, singing the Mickey Mouse March. Joker states that despite being "in a world of shit," he is glad to be alive and no longer afraid.'] ['The story is presented as a flashback of Max Eriksson , a Vietnam veteran. In November 1966, a squad of American soldiers is on patrol when they are suddenly attacked by the Viet Cong. The ground cracks under Eriksson while he walks above a Viet Cong tunnel, and he is stuck in the hole while mortar shells land near him. Unknown to him, a Viet Cong soldier in the tunnel below him prepares to silently kill him with a knife. Sergeant Tony Meserve  hears Eriksson, pulls him out of the hole, and shoots the Viet Cong soldier dead. Eventually, the Americans stave off the attack. The squad takes a break outside a river village in the Central Highlands. While relaxing and joking around, one of the squad members, SPC 4 "Brownie" Brown  is shot in the neck by Viet Cong across the river. The squad kills several enemies until they realize there\'s Viet Cong running through a flooded field behind them. One throws a grenade at Eriksson, but in a miraculous shot he blows up the grenade in mid-air with his M-79 grenade launcher. Brownie is evacuated but Meserve later informs the squad that he died at the hospital. Shortly afterward, Private Antonio Diaz  arrives as Brownie\'s replacement. The unit is then re-deployed to a nearby village, which is believed to be an ally to the Viet Cong. Because of their reassignment, the unit has their leave time cut short. Frustrated because his squad has been denied leave for an extended period, Meserve orders the squad to kidnap a Vietnamese girl, Than Thi Oanh , to be their sex slave. Eriksson strenuously objects, but Meserve silences him and ostracizes him from the rest of the squad. The girl is forcibly taken to the squad\'s next command outpost and is repeatedly beaten and raped by all the men but Eriksson. Oanh grows ill and develops a persistent cough. The squad is later ordered to take up a position near a railroad bridge overlooking a Viet Cong river supply depot. Meserve and Corporal Thomas E. Clarke  realize Oanh\'s coughing might give them away. Meserve has Diaz order air support for an assault on the depot, then orders Eriksson to kill Oanh. Eriksson staunchly refuses despite Meserve\'s death threats. Clarke looks out in the sky and sees a unit of Huey helicopters passing a mountain and then turning towards their position. Fearing the helicopters will somehow see their rape victim, Meserve first orders PFC Herbert Hatcher  to kill Oanh, but Hatcher begs Meserve not to, so then Meserve orders Diaz. Before Diaz can kill her, Eriksson fires his M-16 rifle into the air, exposing them to the nearby Viet Cong. As the battle rages, Eriksson, who is carefully picking off Viet Cong hiding behind a supply sampan on the river bank, doesn\'t realize that Clarke has brutally stabbed Oanh more than twice with his knife. Things become desperate when the Viet Cong move mortars up to the river and begin lobbing shells onto the bridge trapping the squad. Fortunately, Meserve is able to kill many of the enemy with his M-60 machine gun. In the midst of the firefight Oanh, whose wounds were not immediately fatal, walks onto the bridge to try to escape. Eriksson charges at her, trying to catch her but is stopped by Meserve, who knocks Eriksson down with the butt of his M-60. Eriksson watches helplessly as the entire squad shoots Oahn numerous times until she falls off the bridge, dead. The helicopter gunships then strafe the supply depot with rockets blowing it up but accidentally setting a passing U.S. Navy River Patrol Boat  on fire when the sampan explodes, killing all the crewmen. After the battle, Eriksson wakes up in a hospital. Meserve and the squad cover up the murder but Eriksson refuses to let the secret die. He jeopardizes both his life and military career  to expose the crime. Eventually, an attempt on Eriksson\'s life is made by Clarke, who tries to kill Eriksson while he is using the latrine. Eriksson takes action by confronting Meserve and his men, and using a shovel, strikes Clarke across the face, scaring the rest of the men and informing Meserve that he "told everyone and they don\'t care", Meserve calls him "dinky dow"  before Eriksson exits the tent. Eriksson meets a chaplain at the bar and tells him the story of the girl. There is an investigation and the four men who participated in the rape and murder are court martialed: Meserve receives ten years hard labor and a dishonorable discharge, Clarke is sentenced to life in prison, Private Herbert Hatcher receives fifteen years hard labor, Diaz receives eight years hard labor. As the four exit the court room, Meserve whispers something in Eriksson\'s ear, most likely a threat suggesting what Meserve might do to Eriksson once he is free from the stockade. At the end of the movie, Eriksson wakens from a nightmare (apparently a [[Flashback  to find himself on a MUNI J-Church in San Francisco, just a few seats from a Vietnamese-American student  who resembles the murdered girl. She disembarks at Dolores Park and forgets her scarf, and Ericksson runs after her to return it. As she thanks him and turns away, he calls after her in Vietnamese. She surmises that she reminds him of someone, and adds, "You had a bad dream, didn\'t you? It\'s over now, I think. Chào Ông [as a response to his greeting to her \'Chào Cô\' in Vietnamese]." They go their separate ways, Eriksson somewhat comforted.'] 