['Produced by Charles Roven and released by Kings Road Entertainment, the film is set in a post-apocalyptic future, where the wars waged in the 20th century have left the world barren and the past forgotten. Most live from hand to mouth in enclaves known as "market-towns" or "dog-towns", scrounging out a bare subsistence harvesting hardy crops, raising dogs as food, and trading in trinkets from the past. What little entertainment comes primarily from a brutal sport known as The Game. It is played by bands of roving teams known as juggers, who challenge local teams. They might be considered professional athletes, as they make their living through the tribute paid by the town people, should they defeat the local team. Their trophy is the dog skull from the town. The Game involves two armoured teams of five attempting to score by placing a dog skull on the opposing team\'s goalpost. One unarmed player - the "quick" - runs with the skull while being protected by his/her teammates from attack by the opposing team. However, not all in this time live so sparsely. The Nine Cities, buried deep underground, are home to affluent and powerful members of the aristocracy. Each of The Nine Cities fields its own team of juggers in an organization known as The League, and its membership is maintained with a fresh stream of new players who are proven veterans of the travelling "dog-town" games by their collection of trophy skulls. Members of The League live in luxury almost equal to that of aristocrats. It is a dream among roving juggers to be good enough to get The League\'s attention and, with it, all of the luxuries afforded a League player. The team consists of Sallow , Dog-Boy , Mbulu , Big Cimber , and Young Gar . Sallow, the team leader, has played in the League of the Nine Cities before, but was cast out because of his indiscretions with an Overlord\'s concubine. Kidda , an ambitious peasant girl, joins the team after a game in her dog town where she virtually destroyed her competition. She and Gar inspire Sallow to challenge the league and expunge his past. But Kidda and Gar do not realise that the City games are for much more than honour and victory, they will need to fight for their very survival. The Game is played a lot harder and meaner in the Nine Cities.'] ["James Cole  is a convicted criminal living in a grim post-apocalyptic future. In 1996–97, the Earth's surface was contaminated by a virus so deadly that it forced the surviving population to live underground. At some point in the years that followed, scientists have engineered an imprecise form of time travel. To earn a pardon, Cole allows scientists to send him on dangerous missions to the past to collect information on the virus, thought to be released by a terrorist organization known as the Army of the Twelve Monkeys. If possible, he is to obtain a pure sample of the original virus so a cure can be made. Throughout the film, Cole is troubled with recurring dreams involving a chase and a shooting in an airport. On Cole's first trip, he arrives in Baltimore in 1990, not 1996 as planned. He is arrested and hospitalized in a mental institution on the diagnosis of Dr. Kathryn Railly . There, he encounters Jeffrey Goines , a fellow mental patient with fanatical animal rights and anti-consumerist leanings. Cole tries unsuccessfully to leave a voicemail on a number monitored by the scientists in the future. After a failed escape attempt, Cole is restrained and locked in a cell, but then disappears, returning to the future. Back in his own time, Cole is interviewed by the scientists, who play a distorted voice mail message which gives the location of the Army of the Twelve Monkeys and states that they are responsible for the virus. He is also shown photos of numerous people suspected of being involved with the virus, including Goines. The scientists then send him back to 1996. Cole kidnaps Railly and sets out in search of Goines, learning that he is the founder of the Army of the Twelve Monkeys. When confronted, however, Goines denies any involvement with the virus and suggests that wiping out humanity was Cole's idea, originally broached at the asylum in 1990. Cole vanishes again as the police approach. After Cole disappears, Railly begins to doubt her diagnosis of Cole when she finds evidence that he is telling the truth, including a photograph from World War I in which Cole appears. Cole, on the other hand, convinces himself that his future experiences are hallucinations, and persuades the scientists to send him back again. Railly attempts to settle the question of Cole's sanity by leaving a voice mail on the number he provided, creating the message the scientists played prior to his second mission. They both now realize that the coming plague is real, and make plans to enjoy the time they have left. On their way to the airport, they learn that the Army of the Twelve Monkeys is a red herring; all the Army has done is delay traffic by releasing all the animals in the zoo. At the airport, Cole leaves a last message telling the scientists they are on the wrong track following the Army of the Twelve Monkeys, and that he will not return. He is soon confronted by Jose , an acquaintance from his own time, who gives Cole a handgun and instructions to complete his mission. At the same time, Railly spots the true culprit behind the virus: Dr. Peters ([[David Morse , an assistant at the virology lab run by Jeffrey's father. Peters is about to embark on a tour of several cities around the world, which matches the sequence  of viral outbreaks. After forcing his way through the security checkpoint in pursuit of Peters, Cole is fatally shot by police. As Cole dies in Railly's arms, she makes eye contact with a small boy: the young James Cole witnessing the scene of his own death, which will replay in his dreams for years to come. Dr. Peters, aboard the plane with the virus, sits down next to Jones , one of the lead scientists from the future."] ['In the year 2019, after a nuclear war, humanity is reduced to a few starving groups. A ruthless gang called "The Templars" constantly raid settlers in an attempt to exterminate everyone in order to purge the Earth. A former Templar, Scorpion, along with his allies, prevents a small band of religious colonists from being massacred by the Templars.http://www.post-apocalypse.co.uk/barbarians.html'] ['On a camping trip in the mountains, a dad ([[Peter Graves  and his two teenage children are exploring a cave when a solar flare hits. After emerging, they soon find that everyone is dead, and there are only a few survivors left scattered across the country. Most, out of fear and survival, are out for themselves, but as they try to make their way home , they find two people that need their help as well as a man who invites them to be neighbors. They face dangers ranging from wild dogs, who seem to have been driven mad from the solar flare, to a gunman who steals their car. They rescue a woman , and later a young boy whose family was killed by two men who stole their car. Besides the physical journey, they struggle to overcome the emotional trauma of the events.'] ['A nuclear war breaks out in 1996, expending the world\'s entire nuclear arsenal, except for one missile. Two children, Philip Chandler ([[John Stockwell  and Marlowe Hammer , are abandoned by their fathers in a fallout shelter cut into the side of a wooded mountain. The pair grow up in the shelter, with 1950s detective fiction and swing music as the guiding force in their learning. Fifteen years later Marlowe succeeds in digging out the cave entrance. The pair give each other haircuts, dress in suits, and go to rejoin the world. Philip narrates their adventure on their first day out: "My name\'s Philip, and this is going to be a yarn about me and my pal, Marlowe. About the day we got out of this shelter and went off into the post-nuclear world. Now, as excited as we were about leaving the shelter, it was still a joint that held fond memories. I mean, it was the only world we\'d ever known. Where I practiced my magic, Marlowe, his dancing; where we both dreamed of becoming private eyes, just like the one\'s we\'d read about." Marlowe hopes to find their fathers, but Philip is disgruntled that they never returned, and presumes that they are dead. The mountain is now devoid of trees. The first people they find are a trio of radiation burned &#34;mutants&#34; chasing a beautiful woman, Miles Archer . They rescue Miles, who kisses Marlowe as a distraction and steals his gun. This backfires, as she drops the activation keys to the last nuclear missile. Miles leaves, and the pair are immediately attacked by a biker gang of bald women in red wigs. Afterwards the boys discover the activation keys, which bears their fathers&#39; names. This excites Marlowe, but disturbs Philip. They rescue another young woman, Rusty Mars , from a group of armed children Philip nicknames &#34;disco mutants&#34;. She takes a liking to Philip, and leads the two of them to Edge City which is plagued by gang warfare. Rusty takes them to a dance club, where they are captured by cannibals. They want the nuclear keys, and to eat the young men, a rarity of uncontaminated meat. Although Rusty helps them escape and apologises, Philip doesn&#39;t trust her. Just after they part ways the pair meets up with a friend of Miles&#39; who also wants the keys. After he is dispatched Miles shows up and takes them to her hideout. There she tells them about the purpose of the keys. Miles then threatens to kill them, but they escape. Rusty has followed them to the hideout, but is attacked by the child gangsters. The pair chase them away, but Philip is still doesn&#39;t trust her. He wants to shoot her, but is out of bullets. After Rusty apologises again for lying to him and originally handing him over to the cannibals he says, &#34;That was a million years ago, and I got a short memory. In fact, I don&#39;t even remember who you are&#34;. The pair resolves to rid the city of the gangs and keep the keys. They go to an abandoned warehouse, using themselves as bait, in the hopes that the gangs will kill each other before killing them. For the most part, the plan works. However, the bosses of the child-gangsters are in fact Philip and Marlowe&#39;s fathers. Before he dies, Philip&#39;s father tells him that the past does not matter. In the end, the only gangster left standing is Miles, who has the keys. She shoots at them, and misses, but startles Marlowe into shooting and killing her. The film ends with Philip letting go of the angst which he had nursed for 15 years. He adopts Marlowe&#39;s &#34;silver-lining look on life&#34;. The two demonstrate Marlowe&#39;s tap-inspired &#34;post-nuke shuffle&#34; to the crowds of the city. In the closing narration, Philip explains that they plan to set up shop as detectives, but that first he will find Rusty and see if he can repair his relationship with her. Of the keys, he says that he and Marlowe hid them in a secret location, because &#34;you never know, in a tight jam a nuclear missile just might come in handy&#34;.'] [' In a post-apocalyptic setting, following a global war and the collapse of civilization after the Earth\'s oil supplies were nearly exhausted, barbaric anarchy has become the world\'s everyday law. Max Rockatansky, traumatised by the death of his family, roams the desert in a scarred, black supercharged V-8 Pursuit Special, scavenging for food and petrol. His only companions are an Australian Cattle Dog, and a rare functioning firearm – a sawn-off shotgun – for which ammunition is very scarce. After driving off a gang of marauders led by the unhinged biker warrior Wez, Max collects the petrol from one of their wrecked vehicles and moves on to check a nearby autogyro for fuel. The autogyro is boobytrapped, but Max overpowers the pilot hiding nearby; in exchange for his own life, the pilot tells Max about a small oil refinery nearby in the wasteland. Max arrives just as the marauders, a motley collection of cars and motorbikes, besiege the compound. Their leader, a large, muscular man with a hockey mask over his disfigured face called "The Humungus", tries to convince the settlers to surrender the facility in exchange for safe passage out of his territory. A group of settlers attempt to break out of the compound, but the marauders capture, torture, rape and kill them. Max makes a deal with the remaining survivor, mortally wounded: bring the settler back to the compound in exchange for a tank of petrol. The man dies shortly after Max returns him, and the settlers\' leader reneges on the deal; the settlers are on the verge of killing Max when the marauders return, and Humungus repeats his offer. Max offers another deal to Papagallo: he will retrieve an abandoned Mack semi-truck, capable of hauling the tanker trailer that the settlers use to store the fuel they refine, in exchange for petrol and his freedom. The settlers accept, but keep his car. Max sneaks out, joining forces with the autogyro pilot. Max drives the semi back to the compound, evading Humungus\' men. The settlers want Max to escape with the group, but Max opts to collect his petrol and leave. However, his attempt to break through the siege fails: Wez gives chase in The Humungus\'s nitrous oxide-equipped car and runs Max off of the road, wrecking his Pursuit Special and seriously wounding him. The marauders kill Max\'s dog with a crossbow and attempt to siphon the fuel from the Pursuit Special\'s tanks, but trigger an explosive booby trap that destroys the car. Max is left for dead, but the gyro pilot rescues him and flies him back to the compound. Despite his injuries, Max insists on driving the repaired truck with the fuel tanker. He leaves the compound in the now heavily armored truck, accompanied by a feral child he has befriended, and with several settlers in armored vehicles providing protection. The Humungus and most of his warriors pursue the tanker, leaving the remaining settlers free to flee the compound in a ramshackle caravan. Papagallo and the settlers defending the tanker are killed during the chase, and the gyro captain is shot down. Max and the Feral Kid find themselves alone against the marauders, who continue their pursuit. Wez boards the truck to kill the two, but a head-on collision with Humungus\' car kills both Wez and Humungus. Max loses control of the tanker, and it rolls off the road. As the injured Max carries the Feral Kid from the wrecked tanker, he sees not oil, but sand, leaking from the tank. The truck and its trailer are revealed to be a decoy, allowing the other settlers to escape with the precious fuel in oil drums inside their vehicles. With Papagallo dead, the gyro captain succeeds him as their chief and leads the settlers to the coast, where they establish the "Great Northern Tribe". Max remains alone in the desert, once again becoming a drifter, leaving the Feral Kid  reminiscing about him.'] ["9 is a sentient rag doll who appears to be the last of his kind, living in the ruins of a decaying, post-apocalyptic Earth. He is first seen making simple constructs out of detritus&nbsp;– a swinging armature of scrap metal, an upright book with string tied around it, and a dummy rag doll full of tar, though the purpose behind these things is unclear at first. Hunting 9 relentlessly is the Cat Beast, a mechanical monster wearing a cat's skull for a head. It appears to be guided by a small glowing talisman which it holds in its claws. Sitting quietly, 9 stares into the mirrored surface of his own strange talisman and has a flashback… Once he searched the ruins with his mentor 5, a one-eyed rag doll. They gathered useful bits and pieces and stored them in the cloth linings of their own skin. With 9's help, 5 was able to salvage a light bulb and operate it using pieces of wire. 5 gave the functional bulb to 9 for safe-keeping. Almost immediately after, 5 drew the mirrored talisman from inside his chest. It glowed green, warning of danger. 5 gave the talisman to 9 then pushed him into cover. Extending a homemade folding spear, 5 stepped out to confront the threat. But the Cat Beast circled behind him and snatched him up with a metal pincer, shearing off his right arm. Though he struggled, 5 could not break free, and the Cat Beast sucked 5's soul out through his mouth using its talisman leaving 5 lifeless. Horrified, 9 escaped in panic, almost giving away his location to the Cat Beast by scraping the light bulb against a rock. 9 is woken from the memory by the warning green glow of the mirrored talisman. Taking the light bulb, which he has attached to the end of a staff, 9 flees into a ruined house. The Cat Beast follows and we see that it has not just taken the other rag dolls' souls: it also wears their numbered skins like a garment. The number 5 shows prominently on its back. The Beast pounces on what it thinks is 9, but which turns out to be a marionette&nbsp;– the dummy created by 9 at the beginning of the film. The Beast's claws stick in the tar and 9 is able to hop onto its back and steal the Beast's talisman. 9 leads the Beast on a panicked chase through the house and finally runs out onto the end of a broken plank, which extends over a several-story drop. Thinking it has 9 at bay, the Beast walks out onto the plank. But it has fallen into 9's trap. Nearby is the metal armature, and the upright book. 9 leaps off the plank onto the armature, which swings him around to the book. He kicks it and it falls into the pit. The string, tied at one end to the book, has its other end tied to the plank. The weight of the falling book drags the plank into the pit, and the Beast with it. The Beast crashes through a hole in the cellar floor and is presumably impaled by the sharp end of the falling plank. This all reveals that all the things that 9 has built was a cleverly made trap for the Beast. Now free from fear, 9 salvages the skins of the other rag dolls and prepares them to be ceremonially burned. As he looks sadly at the skin of 5, the two talismans begin to glow. 9 realizes that they are two halves of a whole and puts them together. A beam of green light erupts from the united talisman, and the spirits of the eight slain rag dolls 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 emerge, returning to their rag doll skins to be at peace. Before disappearing, 5's soul turns to 9 and nods in approval. In the morning, when the ashes have cooled, 9&nbsp;– bearing the light bulb staff, a symbol of the persistent light of knowledge and learning&nbsp;– walks off into the wasteland, leaving the empty talisman behind in the sand."] ['The Wetherly family - husband Tom , wife Carol , and children Brad ([[Ross Harris , Mary Liz , and Scottie  - live in the fictional suburb of Hamlin, California, within a 90-minute drive of San Francisco, where Tom works. On a routine afternoon, Carol  listens to an answering-machine message from Tom saying he\'s on his way home for dinner. Scottie watches Sesame Street on TV as a sibling adjusts the TV antenna on the roof, when the show is suddenly replaced by white noise; suddenly, a San Francisco news anchor appears onscreen, saying they have lost their New York signal and there were explosions of "nuclear devices there in New York, and up and down the East Coast." The anchorman is cut off by the Emergency Broadcast System tone, then an announcer states that the White House is interrupting the program, asking people to stay off their phones. At the introduction of the President of the United States , the phone rings but goes dead just as Carol answers it. Suddenly, the blinding flash of a nuclear detonation is then seen through the window. The family huddles on the floor in panic as the town\'s air-raid sirens go off; minutes later, several of their neighbors are running around, dazed in fear and confusion. The family hopes Tom will return, but the circumstances are hard to ignore. The suburb of Hamlin survives relatively unscathed, because apparently the town is far enough from San Francisco to avoid blast damage. Frightened residents meet at the home of Henry Abhart ([[Leon Ames , an elderly ham radio operator. He has made contact with survivors in rural areas and internationally, and tells Carol that he was unable to reach anyone east of Keokuk, Iowa; a radio report told of an errant bomb hitting Yosemite National Park, causing trees and rocks to fall from the sky like rain. He reveals that the entire Bay Area and most major U.S. cities are radio-silent. The morning after the attack, they are joined by a child named Larry , who is soon part of the family, but later succumbs to radiation poisoning. Despite Abhart\'s efforts, no one knows the reason for the attack nor the responsible parties. Rumors from other radio operators range from a Soviet preemptive strike to terrorism. The school play about the Pied Piper of Hamelin was in rehearsal before the bombings; desperate to recapture some normality, the town decides to go on with the show anyway. The parents smile and clap, but their smiles are forced. Hamlin escaped bomb damage, but not the significant radiation from nuclear fallout. The day after the attack, the children notice "sand" on their breakfast plates: contaminated dirt settling back onto the ground from the blast. Residents have to cope with losing municipal services, food and gas shortages and, ultimately, the loss of loved ones to radiation sickness. Scottie, the first to succumb, is buried in the back yard. Carol screams at a Catholic priest  that she will not bury Scottie without his favorite  teddy bear. Wooden caskets are used as fuel for funeral pyres instead as the dead accumulate faster than they can be buried. Carol sews together a burial shroud out of bed sheets for her daughter, Mary Liz, who also dies from radiation exposure. While many of the children die, older residents fall to rapid dementia. A young couple  leave town after losing their infant, hoping to find safety and solace elsewhere. Carol\'s search for a battery causes her to listen once more to her husband\'s final message on the answering machine. To her sorrow, she finds a later  message on the machine from Tom: he decided to stay at work late in San Francisco on the day of the attack, and she now gives up her last hope that he will someday return home. Brad, forced into early adulthood, helps his mother and takes over the radio for Henry Abhart, who eventually dies. A bully who tormented Brad is caught breaking into their home; Brad tries to fight him off, but Carol scares him away. He manages to steal Brad\'s bicycle, and Brad starts using his father\'s bike, symbolically becoming the man of the house. The family adopts a mentally handicapped] boy named Hiroshi , whom Tom used to take fishing along with the other Wetherly kids, when his father Mike  dies. One night, Carol is outside when she sees a pile of bodies being burned. Stopping and staring at the fire for a moment, she then breaks down and cries. Carol, Brad and Hiroshi attempt suicide through carbon monoxide poisoning by sitting in the family\'s station wagon with the garage door closed, but Carol cannot bring herself to do it. The three end up sitting by candlelight to celebrate a birthday, using a graham cracker in place of a cake. When asked what they should wish for, Carol answers: "That we remember it all...the good and the awful." She blows out the candle. In closing, an old family film of a surprise birthday party for Tom plays, showing him as he blows out the candles on his cake.'] [' In September 2012, military virologist Lieutenant Colonel Robert Neville  is the last healthy and immune human in New York City. A genetically-engineered variant of the measles virus created by Dr. Alice Krippin , meant as a cure for cancer, had mutated into a lethal strain. It spread throughout the world, killing 90% of humanity. Most survivors became predatory, vampiric{{cite web}} beingsThe DVD/Blu-Ray subtitles refer to the infected as hemocytes&nbsp;– actually a cell type found in an insect\'s immune system. called "Darkseekers" that emerge after dusk to prey on those immune to the virus. In December 2009, Neville had lost his wife Zoe  and daughter Marley  in a helicopter accident during a chaotic quarantine of Manhattan.  Neville\'s daily routine includes experimenting on infected rats to find a cure for the virus and trips through a decaying Manhattan to collect supplies or hunt for deer. He keeps vigil each day for a response to his recorded AM radio broadcasts, which instruct any survivors to meet him at midday at the South Street Seaport. Neville\'s isolation is broken only by the companionship of his pet German Shepherd Samantha and interaction with mannequins he has set up as patrons of a video store. To test a treatment, Neville sets a snare trap and captures an infected woman. An enraged mutated alpha male attempts to rescue her, but is driven back by the sunlight. In the laboratory in his heavily fortified Washington Square Park home, Neville tries the new serum on the infected woman, seemingly without success. The next day, after finding one of his mannequins moved out in the street in front of Grand Central Terminal, Neville is caught in a snare trap and passes out. He regains consciousness at dusk and frees himself, but a pack of infected dogs attack Neville and Sam. Although Neville and Sam kill the dogs, an infected dog bites Sam during the fight. Neville brings Sam home and attempts to save the dog by injecting a strain of his serum, but it is too late, as Sam starts to mutate, which then forces Neville to kill her. Overwhelmed by grief and rage of the loss of his dog, Neville attacks a group of the infected on the seaport the following night with his SUV. He kills many, but they overwhelm and nearly kill him before he is rescued by a pair of immune humans, a woman named Anna  and a boy named Ethan , who followed his radio broadcasts. Anna and Ethan take him back to his home. Anna explains that they are making their way to a survivors\' camp in Bethel, Vermont. Neville does not believe that such a camp exists and expresses doubt when Anna says that God told her about it. The following night, the alpha male leads an infected mob in an attack on Neville\'s house. Anna, who was unaware of Neville\'s precautions in covering his scent outside the house, inadvertently allowed the infected to follow their trail. As the infected charge the house, Neville stops the first wave with claymore mines, but finds himself defenseless against the second wave. As Neville tries to find Anna and Ethan, an infected enters and attacks him. The infected retreats upstairs and begins tearing a hole in the roof so others can get in. After Neville saves Anna and Ethan, they retreat into the laboratory. They seal themselves in a reinforced plexiglass room with the infected woman, and discover that Neville\'s treatment is working; the subject looks much more human. The infected break in and the alpha male begins to throw himself against the plexiglass, cracking it. Neville draws a vial of the infected woman\'s blood and gives it to Anna before shutting them inside a coal chute in the back of the lab. He detonates an M67 grenade to destroy the attackers at the cost of his own life. Anna and Ethan arrive at the survivors\' colony, where Anna hands over the antidote. Anna later states that the survivors are Neville\'s legacy, as his fight for a cure became legend.'] ['In the year AD 2293, a post-apocalyptic Earth is inhabited mostly by the Brutals, who are ruled by the Eternals. Eternals use other Brutals, called Exterminators, as the Chosen warrior class. The Exterminators worship the god Zardoz, a huge, flying, hollow stone head. Zardoz teaches: : The gun is good. The penis is evil. The penis shoots seeds, and makes new life to poison the Earth with a plague of men, as once it was, but the gun shoots death, and purifies the Earth of the filth of brutals. Go forth&nbsp;... and kill! The Zardoz god head supplies the Exterminators with weapons, while the Exterminators supply it with grain. Zed , an Exterminator, secrets himself within Zardoz for an initially unknown purpose. He shoots and apparently kills its pilot, Arthur Frayn , who has already identified himself as an Eternal in the story\'s prologue. The stone head containing Zed returns to the Vortex, a secluded community of civilized beings, protected all around by an invisible force-field, where the immortal Eternals lead a pleasant but ultimately stifling existence. Arriving in the Vortex, Zed meets two young, attractive female Eternals&nbsp;— Consuella  and May . Overcoming him with psychic powers, they make him a prisoner and menial worker within their community. Consuella wants Zed destroyed immediately; others, led by May and a subversive Eternal named Friend , insist on keeping him alive for further study. In time, Zed learns the nature of the Vortex. The Eternals are overseen and protected from death by the Tabernacle, an artificial intelligence. Given their limitless lifespan, the Eternals have grown bored and corrupt. The needlessness of procreation has rendered the men impotent and meditation has replaced sleep. Others fall into catatonia, forming the social stratum the Eternals have named the "Apathetics". The Eternals spend their days stewarding mankind\'s vast knowledge, baking special bread for themselves from the grain deliveries and participating in communal navel gazing rituals. To give time and life more meaning the Vortex developed complex social rules whose violators are punished with artificial aging. The most extreme offenders are condemned to permanent old age and the status of "Renegades". But any Eternals who somehow manage to die, usually through some fatal accident, are almost immediately reborn into another healthy, synthetically reproduced body that is identical to the one they just lost. Zed is less brutal and far more intelligent than the Eternals think he is. Genetic analysis reveals he is the ultimate result of long-running eugenics experiments devised by Arthur Frayn&nbsp;— the Zardoz god&nbsp;— who controlled the outlands with the Exterminators, thus coercing the Brutals to supply the Vortices with grain. Zardoz\'s aim was to breed a superman who would penetrate the Vortex and save mankind from its hopelessly stagnant status quo. The women\'s analysis of Zed\'s mental images earlier had revealed that in the ruins of the old world Arthur Frayn first encouraged Zed to learn to read, then leading him to the book The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. Zed finally understands the origin of the name Zardoz&nbsp;— Wizard of Oz&nbsp;— bringing him to a true awareness of Zardoz as a skillful manipulator rather than an actual deity. He becomes infuriated with this realization and decides to plumb the deepest depths of this enormous mystery. As Zed divines the nature of the Vortex and its problems, the Eternals use him to fight their internecine quarrels. Led by Consuella, the Eternals decide to kill Zed and to age Friend. Zed escapes and, aided by May and Friend, absorbs all the Eternals\' knowledge, including that of the Vortex\'s origin, in order to destroy the Tabernacle. Zed helps the Exterminators invade the Vortex and kill most of the Eternals&nbsp;— who welcome death as a release from their eternal but boring existence. Some few Eternals do escape the Vortex\'s destruction, heading out to radically new lives as fellow mortal beings among the Brutals. Zardoz ends in a wordless sequence of images accompanied by the sombre second movement  of Beethoven\'s Seventh Symphony. Zed and Consuella, dressed in matching green suits and having fallen in love, then sit next to each other in the cave-like stone head and age in time-lapse. A baby boy appears, matures and leaves his parents. The couple eventually decompose into skeletons and finally nothing remains in the space but painted hand-prints on the wall and Zed\'s Webley-Fosbery revolver.'] ['In March 1975, biological warfare between the People\'s Republic of China and the Soviet Union kills most of the world\'s population. U.S. Army Col. Robert Neville, M.D. , a scientist based in Los Angeles, California, begins to succumb to the ensuing plague but manages to inject himself with an experimental vaccine just in time, rendering himself immune. Meanwhile, the plague\'s surviving victims in Los Angeles, join together as "The Family," a cult of crazed nocturnal albino mutants who seek to destroy all technology and Neville. Two years later in August 1977, Neville believes he is the plague\'s only survivor. Struggling to maintain his sanity, he spends his days patrolling the deserted city, hunting and destroying members of the Family. At night, living atop a fortified apartment building equipped with an arsenal of weaponry, he is a prisoner in his own home. The Family wants to destroy him, believing him to be a last remnant of the old culture. As Neville takes his time "shopping\' for a new leisure suit, he spots a "living Playtex Doll" mannequin which he chases into the overgrown park. Neville decides he is seeing things and dismisses the human sighting. One day, the Family captures Neville in a wine cellar. After a summary trial he is found guilty of heresy by Jonathan Matthias , a former news anchor who is now leader of the Family. Neville is sentenced to death and nearly burned at the stake in the center of Dodger Stadium. He is rescued by Lisa , the woman he had earlier seen while on patrol, and Dutch , a former medical student familiar with Neville\'s work. Lisa and Dutch are part of a group of survivors, some of whom are young children. Although infected, their youth has given them some resistance to the disease and its symptoms are slow to manifest. Nevertheless, given enough time, they will succumb to mutation. Neville realizes that even if it is possible to duplicate the original vaccine, it would take years to salvage humanity. However, he believes it may be possible to extend his immunity to others by creating a serum from his own blood. Neville, Lisa, and Lisa\'s teenage brother Ritchie  return to the bunker, where the older two begin treating Ritchie. Robert and Lisa become romantic just as the generator runs out of fuel and the lights go off. The Family decides to attack, sending Brother Zachary to climb up the outside of Neville\'s bunker. Neville leaves Lisa upstairs as he goes to the basement garage to restart the generator. Neville returns to the living quarters to find Lisa pointing a sub-machine gun at him as he leaves the elevator. Neville scares Lisa by firing at Brother Zachary who falls out the balcony window to his death. If the serum works, Neville and Lisa plan to leave the ravaged city with the rest of the survivors and start a new life in the wilderness, leaving the Family behind to die. Neville is successful in creating the serum and administers it to Richie, who is on the verge of the advanced mutant stage of the plague. Once cured, Richie  goes to the Family to try to convince them to take the serum. Matthias refuses to believe that Neville would try to help them, accuses Richie of being sent by Neville to harm them and has Richie executed. Neville discovers Richie’s body strung up and left as bait to draw Neville outside after dark. Enraged, Neville fights off the Family after they force his car off the road. Meanwhile, Lisa unexpectedly changes into a nocturnal albino mutant and betrays Neville by giving the Family access to his bunker. Returning home, Neville is confronted by Matthias, who forces him to watch as the Family sets his home on fire. Neville breaks free and, once outside with Lisa, he turns and raises his sub-machine gun to shoot Matthias, who is looking down from the balcony. The gun jams, giving Matthias enough time to hurl a spear at Neville, mortally wounding him. The final scene shows the human survivors, led by Dutch, departing in a Land Rover. They discover a dying Neville lying in a fountain, who hands Dutch a flask of blood serum, presumably with which to restore humanity, shortly after which Neville dies. Dutch takes Lisa and the survivors away as they leave the city for good. The Family is left to die, as Neville had planned.'] [' A man  is a prisoner in the aftermath of the Third World War, in a destroyed, post-apocalyptic Paris where survivors live underground in the Palais de Chaillot galleries. Scientists research time travel, hoping to send test subjects to different time periods "to call past and future to the rescue of the present". They have difficulty finding subjects who can mentally withstand the shock of time travel, but eventually settle upon the prisoner, whose key to the past is a vague but obsessive memory, from his pre-war childhood, of a woman  he had seen on the observation platform  at Orly Airport shortly before witnessing a startling incident there. He had not understood exactly what happened, but knew he had seen a man die. After several attempts, he reaches the pre-war period. He meets the woman from his memory, and they develop a romantic relationship. After his successful passages to the past, the experimenters attempt to send him into the far future. In a brief meeting with the technologically advanced people of the future, he is given a power unit sufficient to regenerate his own destroyed society. Upon his return, with his mission accomplished, he discerns that he is to be executed by his jailers. He is contacted by the people of the future, who offer to help him escape to their time permanently, but he asks instead to be returned to the pre-war time of his childhood, hoping to find the woman again. He is returned and does find her, on the jetty at the airport. However, as he rushes to her, he notices an agent of his jailers who has followed him and realises the agent is about to kill him. In his final moments, he comes to understand that the incident which he witnessed as a child, which has haunted him for his entire life, was his own death.'] ['Two months after a mutated strain of mad cow disease has turned most humans into cannibal zombies, unaffected college student "Columbus"  is making his way to Columbus, Ohio to see whether his parents are still alive. He encounters "Tallahassee" , another survivor who seeks Twinkies. They travel together. They later meet "Wichita"  and her younger, 12-year-old sister "Little Rock" . The sisters were con artists before the catastrophe, and have little trouble tricking the two guys into handing over their weapons and stealing their vehicle. Later, the two men find a Hummer loaded with weapons, but when they meet the girls again, the girls once more gain the upper hand, taking their weapons and car. Tallahassee manages to wrestle away Little Rock\'s gun, resulting in a Mexican standoff. Columbus negotiates a truce. The girls are going to the "Pacific Playland" amusement park, which is supposedly free of zombies. Columbus does not want to go along at first, but when Wichita informs him that his hometown has been destroyed, he stays with the group. When they reach Hollywood, Tallahassee takes them to Bill Murray\'s mansion. Tallahassee and Wichita meet Murray himself, uninfected but disguised as a zombie so he can walk  safely among the infected. When Murray attempts to scare Columbus and Little Rock as a practical joke, Columbus shoots and kills him, believing him a real zombie. Later, Columbus realizes Tallahassee has been grieving for his young son, lost to the zombies, rather than his dog as he had earlier led Columbus to believe. Wichita nearly kisses Columbus, but fearing attachment, she leaves with Little Rock for Pacific Playland without warning. Columbus persuades a reluctant Tallahassee to follow in one of Murray\'s vehicles. At Pacific Playland, Wichita and Little Rock activate all the rides and lights, attracting nearby zombies. A battle ensues, leaving the sisters trapped on a drop tower ride. Tallahassee and Columbus arrive just as the sisters\' ammunition runs out. Tallahassee lures the zombies away, then locks himself in a game booth, shooting zombies at his leisure, while Columbus goes after the sisters. In thanks, Wichita reveals her real name, Krista. Tallahassee eliminates the remaining zombies, then joyfully eats a Twinkie that Little Rock has found. The group leaves Pacific Playland together after Little Rock and Wichita pretend to leave them behind, Columbus having realized he\'s finally found what he\'s been looking for: a family.'] ['1st Lieutenant Jake Tanner , an unorthodox Air Force officer, shares ICBM silo duty at an Air Force missile base in California with Major Eugene "Sam" Denton . When the United States detects incoming nuclear missiles, Tanner and Denton "turn the key" to launch part of the retaliatory strike, initiating Doomsday. After launching their entire arsenal of nuclear missiles, Tanner and Denton witness nuclear devastation rain down all around them. Two years later, the Earth has been tilted off its axis by World War III, radiation has mutated insect life, and the planet is constantly wracked by massive storms that cover the entire hemisphere. Military order at the base has broken down. Tanner has resigned his commission and Denton is considering going to Albany, New York to find the source of a lone radio transmission. Before they abandon the base, a rocket fuel explosion kills all but four men -- Denton, Tanner, former Airman Keegan  and Airman Tom Perry . They set out in two Air Force "Landmasters," giant 12-wheeled armored personnel carriers capable of climbing 60-degree inclines and operating in water. They must cross "Damnation Alley," considered "the path of least resistance" between intense radiation areas. On their journey, they lose one Landmaster in a storm , pick up two survivors, fight a band of crazed, savage shotgun-toting mountain men and encounter mutated "flesh stripping cockroaches" in the ruins of Salt Lake City, which eat Keegan alive, as well as a tidal wave set off by earth suddenly returning to its normal axis  before reaching their destination, a surprisingly intact Albany.'] ["Thirty years after a nuclear apocalypse,{{cite web}} Eli  travels on foot toward the west coast of the United States. Along the way, he demonstrates uncanny survival and fighting skills, hunting wildlife and swiftly defeating a group of highway bandits who try to ambush him. Searching for a source of water, he arrives in a ramshackle town built and overseen by Carnegie . Carnegie dreams of building more towns and controlling the people by using the power of a certain book. His henchmen scour the desolate landscape daily in search of it, but to no avail. In the local town bar, Eli is set upon by a gang of bikers and he kills them all. Realizing Eli is a literate man like himself, Carnegie asks Eli to stay, although it is made clear the offer is non-negotiable. After Carnegie's blind mistress Claudia  gives Eli some food and water, Carnegie orders Claudia's daughter Solara  to seduce Eli. Eli turns her down, but she discovers he has a book in his possession. Eli offers to share his food with her. Before they eat, though, he has her pray with him. The following day, Solara prays with her mother. Carnegie overhears them and realizes Solara's words may relate to the book he has been seeking. He forces Solara to tell him Eli was reading a book. When he asks what kind, she says she does not know, but forms a cross with her two index fingers. Carnegie realizes Eli has a copy of the Bible, the book he wants. Eli sneaks out of his room and goes to the store across the street, where he had earlier given the Engineer  his portable music player to recharge the battery. Carnegie has his henchmen shoot at Eli, but the bullets seemingly just graze him, as if he is being protected. Eli shoots most of Carnegie's men and hits Carnegie in the leg with a shotgun blast. Solara leads Eli to the town's water supply, hoping she can accompany him on his travels. Eli traps her inside and continues on alone. Solara escapes and soon finds herself ambushed by two bandits who attempt to rape her, but Eli appears and kills them. As they continue on, Eli explains to Solara his mission. According to Eli, his book is the last remaining copy of the Bible, as all other copies were intentionally destroyed following the nuclear war. He says he was led to the book by a voice in his head, which then directed him to travel westward to a place where it would be safe. The voice assured him that he would be protected on his journey. Thus, for the last thirty years he has been traveling west, guided by his faith. Eventually, Eli and Solara investigate an isolated house. They fall into a hidden pit, but manage to allay the suspicions of the residents, Martha  and George , who invite them in for tea. When Eli realizes that the couple are cannibals, they attempt to leave, but then Carnegie and his posse arrive. In the ensuing shootout, George, Martha and some of Carnegie's men are killed. Eli and Solara are captured. When Carnegie threatens to kill Solara, Eli gives him the Bible. Carnegie shoots him, and leaves him for dead. Solara escapes and drives back to help Eli. Rather than chase her, Carnegie returns to the town since his sole remaining vehicle is running low on fuel. Solara picks up Eli. They drive until they reach the Golden Gate Bridge. They then row to Alcatraz, where they find a group intent on saving what they can of civilization. Eli tells the guards that he has a copy of the King James version of the Bible. Once inside, Eli, who is revealed to be blind, begins to dictate the Bible from memory to Lombardi , the leader of the group. Meanwhile, back in the town, Carnegie opens the locked Bible, but discovers that it is in Braille. He orders Claudia to read it to him, but she refuses. Carnegie's leg wound has become septic, and he realizes he is going to die. Order breaks down, and the residents start looting. Eli dies, but not before he has finished reciting the Bible. The printing press at Alcatraz begins making copies of the new King James Bible. Lombardi places one on a bookshelf between the Torah and Tanakh on one side and the Qur'an on the other. Solara is offered sanctuary, but she chooses to head back home, taking with her Eli's possessions."] ['The Earth is going to pass through the tail of a comet, an event which has not occurred in 65 million years, the last time coinciding with the extinction event that wiped out the dinosaurs. On the night of the comet\'s passage, large crowds gather outside to watch and celebrate. Eighteen-year-old Regina "Reggie" Belmont  works at a movie theater in southern California. She becomes annoyed when she finds the initials DMK on the high score list of the theater\'s arcade game Tempest; all the other scores are hers. She sticks around after the theater closes to wipe the intruder off the list, then later has sex with her boyfriend, Larry the theater projectionist, in the steel-lined projection booth. Meanwhile, Reggie\'s sixteen-year-old sister Samantha "Sam"  argues with their stepmother, who punches her in the face. The next morning, a reddish haze covers everything, and there are no signs of life, only small piles of red dust and empty clothes. Unaware that anything strange has happened, Larry goes outside and is killed by a zombie. When Reggie goes looking for Larry, she finds the zombie eating him. She fends it off and escapes.  Reggie goes home to find her sister. Sam had spent the night in a metal yard shed, and was shielded from the comet\'s effects. After figuring out what has happened, they hear a radio disc jockey and race to the station, only to find it was just a recording. They do find another survivor there, Hector Gomez , who spent the night in the back of his steel semi truck. When Sam talks into the microphone, her broadcast is heard by government researchers in an underground installation. They call the station, but hang up when Sam answers. As they listen to Reggie, Sam and Hector debate what to do, the scientists note that the zombies, though less exposed to the comet, will disintegrate into dust themselves. Sam gets mad at Reggie, complaining that her sister has swiped the "last guy on earth", but the two end up laughing and making up. Hector then leaves to see if any of his family survived, but promises to come back. Reggie and Sam go shopping at a mall . After a firefight with some zombie ex-stockboys, the girls are taken prisoner, but are saved by a government retrieval team. Reggie is taken back to their base. Audrey White , a disillusioned scientist, offers to dispose of Sam, whom she diagnoses as having been exposed, and to wait for Hector. After purportedly euthanizing Sam, she kills the other scientist who remained behind. When Hector returns, Audrey briefs him on the situation and then gives herself a lethal injection. He and Sam set out to rescue Reggie. The researchers had suspected and prepared for the comet\'s effects, but inadvertently left their ventilation system open during the comet\'s passage allowing the deadly dust to permeate their base. Meanwhile, Reggie has become suspicious, escapes, and discovers that the dying scientists have hunted down and rendered healthy survivors brain dead. They harvest their untainted blood to keep the disease at bay while they search desperately for a cure. Reggie saves a boy and a girl, before they are processed, then unplugs the other victims from their life support machines. Hector and Sam get the trio out of the base. Eventually, rain washes away the red dust and the world is left in a pristine condition. With Reggie getting Hector and the other two being kids, Sam feels left out. When she ignores Reggie\'s warning and crosses a deserted street against the still-operating signal light, she is almost run over by a sports car driven by Danny Mason Keener, a teenager her own age. After apologizing, he invites her to go for a ride. As they drive off, the car is shown sporting the initials "DMK" on the vanity plate.'] ['In the year 1968, every day is the same for Dr. Robert Morgan : he wakes up, gathers his weapons and then goes hunting for vampires. Morgan lives in a world where everyone else has been infected by a plague that has turned them into undead, vampiric creatures that cannot stand sunlight, fear mirrors, and are repelled by garlic. They would kill Morgan if they could, but fortunately, they are weak and unintelligent. At night, Morgan locks himself inside his house; during the day, he kills as many vampires as he can, burning the bodies. A flashback sequence explains that, three years before, Morgan\'s wife and daughter had succumbed to the plague, before it was widely known by the public that the dead would return to life. Instead of taking his wife to the same public burn pit used to dispose of his daughter\'s corpse, Morgan buried her without the knowledge of the authorities. When his wife returned to his home and attacked him, Morgan became aware of the need to kill the plague victims with a wooden stake. Morgan hypothesizes that he is immune to the bacteria because he was bitten by an infected vampire bat when he was stationed in Panama, which introduced a diluted form of the plague into his blood. One day, a dog appears in the neighborhood. Desperate for companionship, Morgan chases after the dog but does not catch it. Some time later, the dog appears, wounded, at Morgan\'s doorstep. He takes the dog into his home and treats its wounds, looking forward to having company for the first time in three years. He quickly discovers, however, that it too has become infected with the plague. Morgan is later seen burying the dog, which he has impaled with a wooden stake. While out on his daily rounds, Morgan spots a woman in the distance. The woman, Ruth, is terrified of Morgan at first sight, and runs from him. Morgan convinces her to return to his home, but is suspicious of her true nature. Ruth becomes ill when Morgan waves garlic in her face, but claims that she has a weak stomach. Morgan\'s suspicion that Ruth is infected is confirmed when he discovers her attempting to inject herself with a combination of blood and vaccine that holds the disease at bay. Ruth initially draws a gun on Morgan, but surrenders it to him. Ruth then tells him that she is part of a group of people like her &mdash; infected but under treatment &mdash; and was sent to spy on Morgan. The vaccine allows the people to function normally with the drug in the bloodstream, but once it wears off, the infection takes over the body again. Ruth explains that her people are planning to rebuild society as they destroy the remaining vampires, and that many of the vampires Morgan killed were technically still alive. While Ruth is asleep, Morgan transfuses his own blood into her. She is immediately cured, and Morgan sees hope that, together, they can cure the rest of her people. Moments later, however, Ruth\'s people attack. Morgan takes the gun and flees his home while the attackers kill the vampires gathered around Morgan\'s home. Ruth\'s people spot Morgan and chase him. He exchanges gunfire with them, and picks up tear gas grenades from a police station armory along the way. While the tear gas delays his pursuers somewhat, Morgan is wounded by gunfire and retreats into a church. Despite Ruth\'s protests to let Morgan live, his pursuers finally impale him on the altar with a spear. With his dying breaths, Morgan denounces his pursuers as "freaks," and declares that he is the last true man on earth.'] ['Things to Come sets out a future history from 1940 to 2036. It is set in the fictional British city of \'Everytown\'. Successful businessman John Cabal  cannot enjoy Christmas Day, 1940, with the ominous news of possible war. His guest Harding  shares his worries, but over-optimistic friend Passworthy ([[Edward Chapman  believes it will not come to pass, or even if it does, it will do good by accelerating technological progress. A bombing raid on the city that night results in general mobilization and global war. Some time later, Cabal, now piloting a biplane, shoots down a one-man enemy bomber. He lands and pulls the badly injured enemy  from the wreckage. As they dwell on the madness of war, they have to put on their gas masks, as poison gas drifts in their direction. When a little girl runs towards them, the wounded man insists she take his mask, saying he is done for anyway. Cabal takes the girl to his aeroplane, pausing to leave the doomed man a revolver. The man dwells on the irony that he may have gassed the child\'s family and yet he has saved her. He then shoots himself. The war continues for decades, long enough for the survivors to have forgotten why they are fighting in the first place. Humanity enters a new Dark Age. The world is in ruins and there is little technology left apart from the firearms used to wage war. In 1966, a plague called the "wandering sickness" is spread by the unnamed enemy using its last few remaining aircraft. Dr. Harding and his daughter Mary struggle to find a cure, but with little equipment, it is hopeless. By 1970, a local warlord called the "Chief" or the "Boss"  has risen to power in the south of England and eradicated the sickness by shooting the infected. He dreams of conquering the "hill people" to obtain coal and shale to render into oil so his biplanes can fly again. On May Day 1970, a futuristic aeroplane lands outside the town. The sole pilot, John Cabal, emerges and proclaims that the last surviving band of "engineers and mechanics" have formed a civilization called "Wings Over the World". They are based in Basra, Iraq, and have renounced war and outlawed independent nations. The Boss takes the pilot prisoner and forces him to work for Gordon, a mechanic working on repairing the few remaining aeroplanes. Together, they manage to fix a plane. When Gordon takes it up for a test flight, he flees to alert Cabal\'s friends. Wings Over the World attacks Everytown with gigantic aeroplanes and drops sleeping gas bombs on the town. The Boss orders his biplanes to attack but they are shot down. The people of Everytown awaken shortly thereafter, to find it occupied by the Airmen and the Boss dead. A montage follows, showing decades of technological progress, beginning with Cabal explaining plans for global consolidation by Wings Over the World. By 2036, mankind lives in modern underground cities, including the new Everytown. However, all is not well. The sculptor Theotocopulos  incites the populace to demand a "rest" from the rush of progress, symbolized by the first manned flight around the Moon. The modern-day Luddites are opposed by Oswald Cabal , the head of the governing council and great grandson of John Cabal. Cabal\'s daughter Catherine  and her boyfriend Horrie Passworthy insist on flying the spaceship. When a mob rushes to destroy the space gun used to propel the spacecraft, Cabal launches the ship ahead of schedule. Cabal then delivers a speech about Progress and humanity\'s quest for knowledge, asking, "And if we’re no more than animals, we must snatch each little scrap of happiness, and live, and suffer, and pass, mattering no more than all the other animals do or have done. It is this, or that. All the universe or nothing. Which shall it be, Passworthy? Which shall it be?"'] ['This synopsis is based on the extended version of the film released to Syndicated TV in the late \'70s, the Japanese laserdisc and more recently on DVD and Blu-Ray. Told in flashback in the early 21st century, with a wraparound sequence by the Lawgiver  , this sequel follows the ape leader, Caesar , at least twelve years after he led the revolution in the previous film, Conquest of the Planet of the Apes. In this post-nuclear society, Caesar tries to cultivate peace between the apes and the surviving humans. A gorilla general named Aldo , however, opposes this and plots Caesar\'s downfall. Caesar is married to Lisa , the female ape of the previous film, and they have a son, named Cornelius  in honor of Caesar\'s father. Caesar regrets having never known his parents until his human assistant MacDonald  tells him about film archives of his parents, where he can also learn about the future. The archives are located in the Forbidden City, now a radioactive ruin. After obtaining weapons from the armory, Caesar travels with MacDonald and Virgil ([[Paul Williams  to the Forbidden City and sneaks in to find the archives. However, there are radiation-scarred humans still living there under the command of Governor Kolp . Caesar and his party view the recordings of Cornelius and Zira and learn about the future of the world, but barely have time to study the tapes before they have to escape being captured. Caesar assembles a meeting to report his discoveries at the Forbidden City. Aldo objects when some humans show up, and he leads the gorillas away. A team of scouts sent by Governor Kolp return and tell him about the Ape City. Kolp considers this covert trip by Caesar an act of espionage. His assistant, Méndez ([[Paul Stevens  believes they did nothing wrong and should be left alone, but Governor Kolp stubbornly declares war on Ape City, mustering the humans to destroy the ape society. Aldo is furious that Caesar wants to co-exist peacefully with humans, and plots a coup in order to become the Ape leader himself. Cornelius overhears this while trying to catch his escaped pet squirrel in a nearby tree. Aldo spots him and hacks the tree branch down, critically injuring Cornelius. After a gorilla scouting pair is attacked by the approaching humans , Aldo orders all humans to be corralled and leads the gorillas to loot the weapons armory. Cornelius eventually dies from his wounds, leaving Caesar devastated, but not without leaving him with a warning about Aldo\'s coup. It is at that moment that Kolp\'s ragtag force launches their attack against Ape City. The initial mutant attack succeeds, forcing Caesar to order the defenders to fall back. When Kolp finds Caesar lying among dozens of apes, he threatens to kill him, but the fallen apes, who were feigning death or hiding on Caesar\'s orders, launch a counter-attack that captures most of the mutants. Kolp and his remaining forces are killed by Aldo\'s troops while attempting to retreat. After the battle, Aldo wants to kill the penned humans, but Caesar shields them. Aldo declares that Caesar should be killed if he shields the humans. Before he can carry this out, Virgil reveal\'s Aldo\'s hand in Cornelius\' death and the breaking of the ape community\'s most sacred law . An infuriated Caesar pursues Aldo up a large tree, resulting in Aldo falling to his death. Caesar then attempts to free the humans, but they refuse to leave the pen unless humans are treated as equals. Caesar then realizes the apes are just as despicable as the former slave-owners, and the apes and humans then decide to coexist with one another and begin a new society. The Lawgiver finishes the narration  to a group of young humans and apes. The two species have continued to coexist in peace. When asked by a human child "Who knows about the future?", the Lawgiver replies "Perhaps, only the dead." A closeup of a statue of Caesar shows a single tear falling from one eye.'] ['At a government laboratory, a weaponized version of influenza is accidentally released, immediately wiping out everyone at the laboratory, save for security guard Charles Campion and his family, who flee the base. However, Campion unknowingly spreads the "super flu" to the outside world. One of the first sites of infection is at a gas station in East Texas where Stu Redman  and some friends have gathered. While others take sick, Stu remains mysteriously healthy and is kept in confinement at a CDC facility in order to study a possible cure. This proves futile and the superflu rages unchecked, killing over 99% of the population. After the infection runs its course a small group of immune survivors lies scattered across the country. These include rock star Larry Underwood , who has just had his big break but is now stranded in a dead New York City, Nick Andros  a deaf man in the midwest, Frannie Goldsmith  a teenager in Ogunquit, Maine, Lloyd Henreid  a criminal stuck in a prison cell, and "Trashcan Man"  a mentally ill scavenger. The survivors soon begin having visions, either of Mother Abagail  a kindly old black woman, or of a demonic seeming man named Randall Flagg, . The two sets of visions call their recipients to travel either to Nebraska to meet Mother Abagail, or to Las Vegas to join Randall Flagg. As their journeys begin, Lloyd Henreid is freed from prison by Randall Flagg in exchange for becoming Flagg\'s second in command. Trashcan Man, who is a pyromaniac, destroys a set of fuel tanks outside of Des Moines, Iowa hoping to find acceptance with Randall Flagg. Larry Underwood escapes New York and meets a mysterious woman Nadine Cross . Despite their mutual attraction, Nadine is unable to consummate a relationship with Larry, because of her visions of Randall Flagg, who commands her to join him as his concubine. Eventually she leaves Larry to travel on her own. Stu escapes from the CDC facility and soon gathers a group around him including retired professor Glen Bateman , Frannie Goldsmith, and Harold Lauder  a hometown acquaintance of Frannie\'s who also survived the superflu. Harold grows increasingly frustrated at the way that Stu assumes a leadership role and at Stu\'s growing romance with Frannie, on whom Harold has a crush. Meanwhile, Nick Andros, makes his way across the midwest, eventually joined by Tom Cullen  a gentle mentally challenged man. Eventually, Stu\'s group reaches Mother Abagail\'s farm in Hemingford Home, Nebraska. She tells them of a great conflict that will soon be coming and that they must all travel on to Boulder, Colorado. There, the various survivors, including Nick Andros, Tom Cullen, and Larry Underwood, join with others to form a new community based around Mother Abagail\'s teachings. Meanwhile, Randall Flagg has set up his own society in Las Vegas, dedicated to violence and excess. For a while, everything seems good in Boulder as people settle down to a new life. However, Frannie discovers that she is pregnant with Jess Rider\'s child , something which causes her anxiety because she is not sure whether her child will be immune to the superflu. Meanwhile, Harold Lauder grows increasingly dissatisfied with his life in Boulder and begins experiencing visions from Randall Flagg. He is soon seduced by Nadine Cross, and decides to follow Flagg\'s dictates. Mother Abagail, now the spiritual center of the community, becomes convinced that she has fallen into the sin of pride, and leaves town to walk in the wilderness. Harold builds a bomb and hides it inside the building where Boulder\'s newly formed leadership council is meeting. Nick Andros notices the bomb and attempts to get it away from everyone else, dying in the process. Most survive, to learn that Mother Abagail has returned from exile and lies dying. Before she passes away she tells Stu, Larry, Glen, and fellow council member Ralph Brentner that they must travel to Las Vegas to confront Flagg. With Winter fast approaching the four men set out on their quest. While crossing a washed out road, Stu breaks his leg and stays behind while the others continue. Larry, Glen, and Ralph are soon captured by Flagg\'s forces and forced to endure a show trial before being executed. As they are being tortured, to the delight of Flagg\'s acolytes, Trashcan Man arrives, with a nuclear bomb on a cart. As Flagg transforms into a demonic visage, a spectral hand reaches out and detonates the bomb, destroying Las Vegas and apparently killing Flagg. Stu is rescued by Tom Cullen, who takes him to a nearby cabin to heal as winter sets in. Back in Boulder no one is sure what happened to their missing friends, until Tom and Stu show up in the midst of a blinding snow storm. Soon after being reunited with Stu, Frannie gives birth to a healthy baby; a daughter named in honor of Mother Abagail.'] ['In the year 2017, robotic technology has made tremendous developments and female androids  are used as prostitutes or substitutes for wives. At the same time, the economy of the world is in decay. Business executive Sam Treadwell\'s ([[David Andrews  "Cherry 2000" android , short circuits during sex while on the wet kitchen floor. He is told by a repairman that she\'s irreparable and finding another Cherry android will be difficult since she was a limited edition. After removing the small optical disk with all the memory from the old unit, Treadwell searches for a replacement, enlisting Edith "E" Johnson , a tough tracker who guides him into the wasteland of a post-apocalyptic United States. She is leading him to an abandoned manufacturing plant where he hopes to find another Cherry 2000 model. Standing in their way is Lester , a wasteland overlord with deranged subordinates.'] ['In a dystopic Australia, after the Earth\'s oil supplies were nearly exhausted, law and order has begun to break down due to energy shortages. Berserk motorcycle gang member Crawford "Nightrider" Montizano has escaped police custody and is attempting to outrun the Main Force Patrol  in a stolen Pursuit Special . Though he manages to elude his initial pursuers, the MFP\'s top pursuit man, Max Rockatansky, then engages the less-skilled Nightrider in a high-speed chase, resulting in Nightrider dying in a fiery crash. Nightrider\'s motorcycle gang, led by Toecutter and Bubba Zanetti, is running roughshod over a town, vandalising property, stealing fuel and terrorising the populace. Max and officer Jim "Goose" Rains arrest Toecutter\'s young protégé, Johnny "the Boy" Boyle, when Johnny, too high to ride, stays behind after the gang rapes a young couple. When no witnesses appear for his trial, the courts throw the case out and Johnny is released. An angry Goose attacks Johnny and must be held back; both men shout threats of revenge. After Bubba Zanetti drags Johnny away, MFP Captain Fred "Fifi" McPhee tells his officers to do whatever it takes to apprehend the gangs, "so long as the paperwork\'s clean." A short time later, Johnny sabotages Goose\'s motorcycle; it locks up at high speed, throwing Goose from the bike. Goose is unharmed, though his bike is badly damaged; he borrows a ute to haul his bike back. However, Johnny and Toecutter\'s gang are waiting in ambush. Johnny throws a brake drum at Goose\'s windscreen, which shatters and causes Goose to crash the ute; Toecutter then instructs Johnny to throw a match into the gasoline leaking from Goose\'s wrecked ute, while Goose is trapped inside. Johnny refuses; Toecutter first cajoles, then verbally and physically abuses him. Johnny eventually throws the lit match into the wreckage, which erupts in flames, burning Goose alive. Goose is rescued, although he dies in the hospital due to his burns. After seeing his charred body, Max becomes disillusioned with the Police Force. Worried of what may happen if he continues working for the MFP – and that he is beginning to enjoy the insanity – Max announces to Fifi that he is resigning from the MFP. Fifi convinces him to take a holiday first before making his final decision about the resignation. Max also reports this to Jessie, his wife at the remote farm where they live, who is happy with his decision so they could take care of their young baby son. While Max is away to buy supplies, Jessie and her infant encounter Toecutter\'s gang, who attempt to rape her. She flees, but the gang later finds them again at their remote farm. The gang runs over Jessie and Max\'s son as they try to escape, leaving their crushed bodies in the middle of the road. Max arrives too late to save them, devastated by the events. Filled with rage, Max dons his police leathers and takes a supercharged black Pursuit Special  from the MFP storage to pursue the gang. After torturing a mechanic for information, Max methodically hunts down the gang members: he forces several of them off a bridge at high speed, shoots Bubba at point blank range with his shotgun, and forces Toecutter into the path of a semi-trailer truck. Max finally finds Johnny, who is looting a car crash victim he presumably murdered for a pair of boots. In a cold, suppressed rage, Max handcuffs Johnny\'s ankle to the wrecked vehicle whilst Johnny begs for his life. Not content to simply kill Johnny right away, Max ignores his begging and sets a crude time-delay fuse with a slow fuel leak and a lighter. Throwing Johnny a hacksaw, Max leaves him the choice of sawing through either the handcuffs  or his ankle . Max casually drives away; as he clears the bridge, Johnny\'s vehicle explodes. Max continues driving into the darkness, with his and Johnny\'s fate unknown.'] ['In 2009, Adrian Helmsley , an American geologist, visits astrophysicist Dr. Satnam Tsurutani  in India and learns that neutrinos from a massive solar flare are causing the temperature of the Earth\'s core to increase rapidly. Adrian gives a report on this to White House Chief of Staff Carl Anheuser  who ends up taking Adrian to meet the President of the United States. In 2010, President Thomas Wilson  and other international leaders begin a secret project to ensure humanity\'s survival. Approximately 400,000 people are chosen to board "arks" that are constructed at Cho Ming, Tibet, in the Himalayas. At the same time as the People\'s Liberation Army are gathering volunteers, a Buddhist monk named Nima  is evacuated while his brother Tenzin  joins the workers in the Ark project. Additional funding for the project is raised by selling tickets to the private sector for €1&nbsp;billion per person. By 2011, humanity\'s valuable treasures are moved to the Alps under the guise of protecting them from terrorist attacks with the help of art expert and First Daughter Dr. Laura Wilson . In 2012, Jackson Curtis  is a science fiction writer in Los Angeles who works part-time as a limousine driver for the Russian billionaire, Yuri Karpov . Jackson\'s ex-wife, Kate  and their children Noah  and Lilly  live with Kate\'s boyfriend, plastic surgeon Gordon Silberman ([[Thomas McCarthy . Jackson takes Noah and Lilly camping in Yellowstone National Park. After an encounter with Helmsley, they meet Charlie Frost , who hosts a radio show from the park. Charlie plays a video of Charles Hapgood\'s theory that polar shifts and the Mesoamerican Long Count Calendar predict that the 2012 phenomenon will occur. He has a map of the ark project in addition to information about officials and scientists from around the world who were murdered after planning to alert the public. The family returns home as seismic activity violently increases along the San Andreas Fault. Jackson grows suspicious and rents a plane to rescue his family. He collects his family and Gordon as the Earth crust displacement begins, and they narrowly escape Los Angeles as the city sinks into the Pacific Ocean. As millions die in catastrophic earthquakes and tsunamis worldwide, the group flies to Yellowstone to retrieve Charlie\'s map, escaping as the Yellowstone Caldera erupts. Charlie stays behind to broadcast the eruption and is killed. Learning that the arks are in China, the group lands in a devastated Las Vegas to find a larger plane. They run into Yuri, his twin sons Alec and Oleg , girlfriend Tamara  and pilot Sasha . The group secures an Antonov An-500  aircraft and they depart for China. Also heading for the arks aboard Air Force One are Anheuser, Helmsley and Laura Wilson. President Wilson remains in Washington, D.C. to address the nation one last time. With the Vice President dead and the Speaker of the House missing, Anheuser assumes de facto leadership. President Wilson is later killed by a megatsunami that sends the aircraft carrier USS John F. Kennedy crashing into the White House. Arriving in China in a crash landing that kills Sasha, the group is spotted by helicopters from the People\'s Liberation Army, carrying animals for the Arks. Yuri and his sons, possessing tickets, are taken to the arks, leaving Tamara and the others behind. They are picked up by Nima and are taken to the arks with his grandparents . They stow away on Ark 3 with the help of Tenzin. As a megatsunami approaches the site, an impact driver becomes lodged in the gears of the ark\'s hydraulics doors, preventing a boarding gate from closing and keeping the ship from starting its engines. In the ensuing chaos, Yuri, Gordon and Tamara are killed, Tenzin is wounded, and Ark 3 is set adrift. Jackson and Noah dislodge the impact driver and the crew regains control of the ark before it collides with Mount Everest. After flood waters from the tsunamis recede, the arks travel to the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa where the Drakensberg Mountains have risen to become the tallest mountains in the world. Jackson is rejoined with his family, and Helmsley starts a relationship with Laura.'] ['Max Rockatansky rides a camel-drawn wagon across the Australian desert when he is attacked by Jedediah, a pilot flying a Transavia PL-12 Airtruk, who steals his belongings and vehicle. Max continues on foot and stumbles upon the only nearby human outpost in the wasteland—the seedy community of Bartertown, founded and run by the ruthless Aunty Entity. In Bartertown, electricity, vehicles, functioning technology are made possible by a crude methane refinery, fueled by pig feces. The refinery is located under Bartertown and is operated by the diminutive Master, who is carried around by his enormously strong bodyguard, Blaster. "Master Blaster" holds an uneasy truce with Aunty for control of Bartertown. Master, however, is beginning to exploit his position with energy "embargoes," challenging Aunty\'s leadership. She is furious with him but cannot challenge him publicly, as Master is the only one with the technical know-how to operate the machinery that powers Bartertown. The controlled chaos of Bartertown is maintained by a set of inflexible laws, including one that states that no contract can be broken, for any reason. The punishment for breaking this law is equally inflexible and invoked with the simple phrase, "bust a deal, face the wheel." Upon entering Bartertown Max meets the Collector who recommends his talents to Aunty Entity. After being tested in a difficult audition, Aunty recognises Max as a resourceful fighter, and strikes a deal with him to provoke a duel with Blaster in the "Thunderdome," a gladiatorial arena where conflicts are resolved by a duel to the death. On his request so he can get a glimpse of Master Blaster, Max goes into Underworld, where he befriends a convict who was imprisoned for killing a pig in order to feed his children, and thus nicknamed Pig Killer . While there, Max discovers that Blaster is exceptionally strong, but is extremely sensitive to high pitched noises. Max finds his stolen vehicle in Master Blaster\'s possession and in an effort to size-up Blaster\'s fighting strengths, confronts them both, resulting in the necessary challenge to enter Thunderdome. The rules of Thunderdome, as chanted by onlookers crowding the arena, are simple—"two men enter, one man leaves." After a difficult match, Max defeats Blaster, with the aid of a high pitched whistle, but refuses to kill him when he discovers that Blaster is little more than a man-child with developmental disabilities. An enraged Aunty has Blaster executed and invokes the law since Max broke his deal with her. They wheel out a large, spinning metal disc  with several consequences. Possible outcomes include Death, Hard Labour , Complete Acquittal , Gulag , Aunty\'s Choice, Spin Again, Forfeit Goods, Underworld , Amputation, and Life Imprisonment. When spun for Max, it lands on "Gulag," resulting in his exile to the desert wasteland, strapped to the back of a horse. The horse runs after a bottle of water strapped in front of its face. Some time later, Max is near death due to exposure. He is saved, though, by a group of children led by Savannah Nix. The children, hardened to the desert environment, are descendants of the survivors of a nearby crashed Qantas Boeing 747. They have formed a tribe in the sheltered oasis. Clinging to the hope of rescue, they keep their memories of the past civilization alive in the form of spoken "tells", including the return of the messianic "Captain Walker" who will repair the aircraft and return them to civilization. The "tell" explains that Flight Captain G.L. Walker at one point took the adults to seek help, promising they would be back to rescue the rest, but never returned. One of the kids is seen with a "sonic", a record attached to a stick. Max looks so much like Walker, the children believe that he has indeed returned to take them to "Tomorrow-morrow Land." After nursing him back to health, they are shocked that Max insists that they remain in the relative safety of the oasis, knowing that the only "civilization" within reach is the rough and hellish Bartertown. Some of the children decide to leave anyway, determined to find "Tomorrow-morrow land," so Max goes after them. Max catches up with them at the outskirts of Bartertown. They sneak in, intent on finding Master. Without Blaster to protect him, Master is little more than Aunty\'s slave. Max and the children free him , but alert the guards, and a chase ensues, resulting in Bartertown\'s methane factory being rocked with a number of explosions, ending at the hideout of Jedediah. The kids then find out that the "sonic" is just an old French learning record. Max coerces Jedediah to help them escape in his plane, but there is too much weight and not enough runway between them and the attackers\' vehicles, so Max takes a truck and drives it in front of the airplane, smashing through the roadblock, allowing the plane to take off. Max is found by Aunty, but having earned her respect, she spares his life and leaves. Some time later, the children are in the ruins of a destroyed Sydney, lit up by thousands of fires and lights. Savannah, the leader of the children, recites a nightly "tell" of their journey and the man who saved them.'] ['In the future, the polar ice caps have melted, and the sea level has risen hundreds of meters, covering every continent. Human population has been scattered across the ocean in individual, isolated communities consisting of artificial islands and mostly decrepit sea vessels. An antihero drifter known only as "the Mariner", sails the seas in his trimaran. He enters an artificial atoll seeking to trade dirt, which is a precious commodity. It is later revealed that he is a mutant with webbed feet and gills, an evolutionary step to accommodate the changes in climate. The fearful atollers vote to "recycle" him by drowning him in a yellow sludge brine pool. At that moment pirates, known as "Smokers", raid the atoll, having been tipped off by a Smoker spy posing as a trader, known as "the Nord". The Smokers are searching for an orphan girl named Enola, who has what appears to be a map and directions to Dryland tattooed on her back. The girl and her guardian, Helen, the atoll\'s shopkeeper, plan to escape with Gregor, the atoll\'s expert inventor, in the hopes of finding Dryland. Unfortunately, Gregor\'s escape method, a hot air balloon made of old rags, launches too early with him on it, leaving Helen and Enola stranded. They instead escape with the Mariner, who agrees to take them with him because they saved his life, though he is ill at ease with their company, as he prefers solitude, and finds them to be a nuisance. Chasing them is "the Deacon", who is the captain of a derelict oil tanker, the Exxon Valdez and the leader of the Smokers. He wants the map to Dryland and has a number of skirmishes with the Mariner while trying to get Enola. After Helen\'s naive actions during a battle with the Smokers results in significant damage to the Mariner\'s boat, he angrily cuts their hair very short. After this incident, the Mariner gradually warms up to them and teaches Enola to swim. Helen, convinced that Dryland exists, demands to know where the Mariner finds his dirt. The Mariner, able to breathe underwater, puts her in a diving bell and swims down to the ruins of Denver, where he collects the dirt and other items from the bottom of the sea for trade. While they are underwater, the Deacon and his Smokers board the boat, burn it and capture Enola, while the Mariner and Helen barely escape. Since Helen cannot breathe underwater, the Mariner breathes for the both of them, resulting in an underwater kiss of life. They resurface and board the wreckage of the Mariner\'s trimaran, where they are later rescued by Gregor. He takes them to a new makeshift atoll where the survivors of the first atoll attack have regrouped. Using a jet ski, the Mariner chases down the Exxon Valdez and boards it. There, the Deacon is having a celebration, tossing gifts of cigarettes and Smeat  to the crew, proclaiming they have found the map to Dryland. After they have all gone below decks to row, the Mariner walks out onto the deck and threatens to drop a flare into the oil reserves unless the Deacon releases Enola. The Deacon, believing that the Mariner is bluffing, refuses, so the Mariner drops the flare into a vent of the oil reserve tank. The ship explodes, and the Mariner escapes with Enola by climbing a rope up to Gregor\'s balloon. The Deacon, still alive, makes a grab for Enola, but Helen throws a metal object which strikes him in the forehead, causing him to fall into the water. He pulls out his pistol and shoots at the balloon, hitting one of the lines, causing Enola to fall into the sea. The Deacon and two other Smokers, all on jet skis, converge on Enola. The Mariner ties a bungee cord around his ankle and jumps down to grab Enola, pulling her out of the water just as the jet skis collide and explode. Gregor deciphers the map, translating the Asian symbols using an old and tattered China Airlines magazine. He realizes that they are latitude and longitude coordinates, and steers his balloon in that direction. The group finds Dryland, which turns out to be the peak of Mount Everest, still above sea level. Gregor, Enola, Helen and the others land on the island and find the skeletons of Enola\'s parents. They begin civilization anew on the island, but the Mariner decides he must leave. Enola, saddened to hear the Mariner is going, asks why. He explains that he does not belong on land, and that the ocean, his only home, calls to him. He builds a new wooden boat on the beach and sails off.'] ['Prior to the events of film, a scientist is ordered by his dictator to create a machine in the apparent name of progress. The Scientist uses his own intellect to create the B.R.A.I.N., a thinking robot. However, the dictator quickly seizes it and integrates it into the Fabrication Machine, an armature that can construct an army of war machines to destroy the dictator\'s enemies. Lacking a soul, the Fabrication Machine is corrupted and exterminates all organic life using toxic gas. In desperation, the Scientist uses alchemy to create nine homunculus-like rag dolls known as Stitchpunks using portions of his own soul via a talisman, but dies as a result. Some time later, the last doll, 9, awakens in the Scientist\'s workshop. Taking the talisman with him, 9 ventures out into the devastated city and meets 2, a frail inventor who gives him a voice box and is surprised when 9 reveals the talisman. The last surviving machine, the Cat-Beast, attacks the pair and kidnaps 2 and the talisman. 9 collapses, but awakens in Sanctuary, a cathedral that is home to the other dolls, including the dogmatic leader 1, his large bodyguard 8, the one-eyed engineer 5, and unstable oracle 6. 1 immediately labels 2 as dead, but 9 and 5 decide to rescue him. They both track the Cat-Beast to a factory where they find 2. 7, the only female of the dolls, arrives and kills the Cat-Beast, but 9 puts the talisman into the previously derelict Fabrication Machine, causing 2\'s soul to be absorbed by the machine reviving it while the remaining dolls escapes the factory. 7 takes 9 and 5 to the library, where the silent scholar twins, 3 and 4, show 9 the Fabrication Machine\'s origins. 5 realizes the talisman\'s symbols match the clairvoyant drawings of 6. 9 and 5 return to Sanctuary to investigate, but 1 confronts and chastises them. The Fabrication Machine starts constructing new machines, one of which, the bird-like Winged Beast, attacks Sanctuary and almost kills the punks, but sets fire to the cathedral from a fire pot, and later gets killed by a plane\'s propeller. Retreating to the library with 1 saddened by the loss of his home, 6, 3, and 4 cryptically explain the talisman\'s origins, but 1 once again chastises the group. As 9 found out that 1 sent 2 to die, 7 tries to attack 1 but 9 stopped her and runs away. The Fabrication Machine meanwhile has made many Spiderbots and Seekers, hot air balloon-like robots. One of them has the Winged Beast\'s head and the B.R.A.I.N., angry at the loss of its creation finds 2\'s corpse to make something else. 8 is captured by the creature it made, the Seamstress. After a fight 7 is kidnapped too. The others give 2 a funeral before heading out, as 2\'s body was used on it. The others run to the factory to destroy it. 9 goes inside alone, but is too late to save 8. However, while the Seamstress still has 7, 9 makes a fake Stitchpunk using burlap and the light bulb staff9 gets the Seamstress\'s attention and shows the fake punk. The Seamstress begins to tie the fake punk, but then realizes it\'s a fake after activating the light bulb. 9 then runs with the Seamstress in hot pursuit. However, the ropegets caught in the gears and starts pulling the Seamstress toward it. 9 then cuts open some of the Seamstress\'s body and 7 falls out, and 9 catches her while the Seamstress goes into the gears headfirst and is killed. Afterwards, 9 and 7 escape while the others destroy the factory by pushing an oil barrel with a flaming rag fuse into a puddle of oil. The dolls celebrate but the Fabrication Machine appears, quickly killing 5 and then 6, but not before 6 tells 9 that the others are trapped within the machine and to return to the "first room"  to gain answers. 9 follows his instructions, finding a recorded message from his creator, who explains the talisman can be used against the Fabrication Machine and free the dolls\' souls trapped in it. 9 reunites with the other dolls, willing to sacrifice himself so 7 can get the talisman. However, 1, having had a change of heart, puts himself in the way and is killed instead allowing 9 to remove the talisman and destroy the Fabrication Machine, freeing the trapped souls. 9, 7, 3, and 4 free the souls of 1, 2, 5, 6, and 8 from the talisman, who fly up into the sky causing it to rain. The final image shows that the raindrops contain small flecks of glowing bacteria, bringing life back to the world.'] ['In 2003, Doctor Serena Kogan  of Cyberdyne Systems convinces death row inmate Marcus Wright  to sign his body over for medical research following his execution by lethal injection. One year later the Skynet system is activated, perceives humans as a threat to its own existence, and eradicates much of humanity in the event known as "Judgment Day" . In 2018, John Connor  leads a Resistance attack on a Skynet base. John discovers human prisoners and schematics for a new type of Terminator incorporating living tissue, but he is the only apparent survivor of the attack after the base is destroyed in a nuclear explosion. However, Marcus later emerges from the wreckage of the base and proceeds on foot to Los Angeles. John returns to Resistance headquarters located aboard a nuclear submarine and tells General Ashdown , the current leader, of his discovery. Meanwhile, the Resistance has discovered a radio frequency believed to be capable of sending an order to shut down Skynet machines. They plan to launch an offensive against the Skynet base in San Francisco in four days, in response to an intercepted "kill list" indicating that Skynet plans to kill the Resistance\'s command staff in a week\'s time. John learns that his own name is second on the list, following a civilian named Kyle Reese. The Resistance leaders are unaware of Kyle\'s importance, but John knows that it is because Kyle will later become his father . John meets with his wife Kate  and his subordinate Barnes ([[Common , and transmits a radio broadcast to Resistance members and surviving civilians around the world. Arriving in the ruins of Los Angeles, Marcus is saved from a T-600 Terminator by Kyle Reese  and his mute child companion Star . Kyle informs Marcus about the war between humans and Skynet. Hearing John\'s radio broadcast, the three leave Los Angeles in search of the Resistance. They survive an attack, but Kyle, Star, and several other humans are taken prisoner. Two Resistance A-10 airplanes are shot down when they try to intercept the machine transport and its escorts. Marcus locates downed pilot Blair Williams  and they make their way to John\'s base, but Marcus is wounded by a magnetic land mine. Attempting to save his life, the Resistance fighters discover that he is a cyborg, with a mechanical endoskeleton, circuitry, and a partially artificial cerebral cortex. Marcus believes himself to be human, but John thinks that Marcus has been sent to kill him, and orders his destruction. However, Blair helps Marcus escape from the base. During the pursuit, Marcus saves John\'s life from Skynet hydrobots, and the two make a bargain: Marcus will enter Skynet\'s headquarters and attempt to help John rescue Kyle and the other prisoners. John pleads with Ashdown to delay the attack, but Ashdown refuses and relieves John of his command. However, the Resistance forces disobey Ashdown\'s orders and await John\'s signal. Marcus enters the base, interfaces with the computer, and disables the perimeter defenses so that John can infiltrate the cell block and release the human prisoners. Marcus discovers that he was created by Skynet in order to lure John to the base; when the Resistance launches its attack, John will be killed, achieving the goal that Skynet had failed to accomplish so many times. The radio signal that the Resistance\'s plan depends on is a ruse, and Skynet uses the signal to track down and destroy the command submarine with the Resistance leaders aboard. Marcus tears out the hardware linking him to Skynet and assists John in battling a new T-800 model 101 Terminator. John is mortally wounded during the fight, but succeeds in destroying the Skynet base by rigging several Terminator fuel cells to explode, detonating them as he, Marcus, Kyle, and Star are airlifted out. Kate attempts to save John\'s life, but his heart is too damaged. Marcus offers his own heart for transplant, sacrificing himself to save John. Recovering, John radios to the other Resistance fighters that though this battle has been won, the war is far from over.'] ['July 5 begins as a normal winter morning near Auckland, New Zealand. At 6:12 a.m., the Sun darkens for a moment, and a red light surrounded by darkness is briefly seen. Zac Hobson  is a scientist working for Delenco, part of an international consortium working on "Project Flashlight", an experiment to create a global energy grid. He awakens abruptly; when he turns on his radio, he is unable to receive any transmissions. Zac gets dressed and drives into the deserted city. Investigating a fire, he discovers the wreckage of a passenger jet, but there are no bodies, only empty seats. He enters his underground laboratory; a monitor displays the message "Project Flashlight Complete". The mass disappearance seems to coincide with the moment Flashlight was activated. He notes on his tape recorder: :"Zac Hobson, July 5th. One: there has been a malfunction in Project Flashlight with devastating results. Two: it seems I am the only person left on Earth." From this point onward, Zac refers to the crucial moment and its result as "The Effect". After several days, his mental state begins to deteriorate. He puts on a woman\'s slip and alternates between exhilaration and despair. Eventually he breaks down altogether. He assembles cardboard cutouts of famous people  and addresses them from a balcony. He declares himself "President of this Quiet Earth", then goes on a rampage. He later bursts into a church, shoots the crucifix and announces that he is God. After accidentally crushing an empty pram, he puts the barrel of a shotgun in his mouth, but changes his mind when he witnesses an explosion resulting from his destruction. He settles into a more normal routine. One morning, a young woman named Joanne  appears. Zac is attracted to her, but she does not appear to reciprocate. While scouring the countryside for other survivors, they try to determine why they survived. They find a third survivor, a large Māori man named Api . The three determine why they survived: at the instant of The Effect, they were all at the moment of death—Api was being drowned in a fight, Joanne was electrocuted by a faulty hairdryer, and Zac had overdosed on pills in a suicide attempt. He had realized there were serious dangers with the experiment and was guilt-ridden for not speaking out. A love triangle develops, but Zac is more concerned about his observations: several universal physical constants are changing, causing the Sun\'s output to fluctuate. Zac fears that The Effect will occur again and decides to destroy the Delenco facility in an attempt to stop it. The three put aside their personal conflicts and drive a truckload of explosives to the installation, only to be stopped at the perimeter when Zac detects high levels of ionising radiation that could detonate the explosives prematurely. He goes back to town to retrieve a remote control for the truck. While Zac is gone, Joanne and Api have sex. Afterward, Api tells Joanne that he will sacrifice himself by driving the truck; he doubts that Zac\'s device will be capable of controlling the vehicle. They then see that Zac has reached the same conclusion. He drives the truck onto the weakened roof of the laboratory, which collapses. Just as The Effect reaches a maximum, he triggers the explosives. Once again a red light is seen surrounded by the dark tunnel. Zac finds himself lying face down on a beach. There are strange cloud formations, resembling waterspouts, rising out of the ocean. As he walks to the water\'s edge, an enormous ringed planet slowly appears over the horizon. Zac stares in disbelief, then realises he\'s still holding his tape recorder. He lifts it up as if to speak, then lowers it, completely bewildered.  The precise meaning of the final scene is left to the audience. In the DVD commentary, the director suggests a recurrence of The Effect because of Zac\'s second death. But he also allows a lapsed-Catholic colleague\'s idea of a second term in Purgatory. In any case, he says that "a little obscurity" is a good thing.'] ['Six-String Samurai is set in an alternate history America, in which Soviet Union attacked the U.S. with nuclear weapons in 1957, making most of the country an inhospitable desert. The government has entirely collapsed, except for the Kingdom of Elvis, who rules from "Lost Vegas" to California. The Red Army has been besieging Vegas, but the lack of supplies  from the Soviet Union has caused them to degenerate into just another gang. As the movie begins, Elvis has died and a radio disc jockey Keith Mortimer announces a call for all musicians to come to Lost Vegas to try to become the new King of Rock\'n\'Roll. Buddy, implied to be the rock \'n roll legend Buddy Holly , is one of the musicians converging on Lost Vegas. Early on, he finds himself having to take care of a kid named "Kid" . While Buddy resents having to look after the Kid, the Kid turns out to be a good ally. Buddy runs into a lot of different groups, including a zombie-like, cannibalistic suburban family, \'windmill people\' who are dressed like astronauts and filthy tribals that make up most of the population. He also combats many foes, including a samurai, a bowling team of bounty-hunters, a Russian surf band , and the Russian army. Throughout his journey, Buddy is stalked by his greatest foe: a sinister Slash look-alike who is the personification of the Grim Reaper, and his grungy group of guitarists/archers; Death\'s goal is to eliminate all the King-wannabes and the conquest of Vegas.'] ["Roseanne Rogers  trudges from place to place, searching for another living human being. A newspaper headline reports a scientist's warning that detonating a new type of atomic bomb may cause humanity's extinction. She eventually makes her way to her aunt's isolated hillside house and faints when she finds Michael ([[William Phipps  already living there. At first too numb to speak, she is slow to recover. She resists Michael's attempt to become intimate, revealing that she is married and pregnant. Two more survivors arrive, attracted by the smoking chimney. Oliver P. Barnstaple  is an elderly bank clerk who is in denial; he believes he is simply on vacation. He has been taken care of by Charles , a good-natured African American. They survived because they were accidentally locked in a bank vault when the disaster occurred. Roseanne was in a hospital's lead-lined X-ray room, while Michael was in an elevator in the Empire State Building. Barnstaple sickens, but seems to recover and insists on going to the beach. There, they drag a man out of the water. Eric , a mountain climber, was stranded on Mount Everest by a blizzard during the disaster. He was flying back to America when his plane ran out of gas just short of land. Meanwhile, Barnstaple dies peacefully. The newcomer brings discord to the little community. Eric theorizes that they lived because they were somehow immune to the radiation. He wants to find and gather together other survivors. However, Michael is skeptical and warns that the radiation is the most intense in the cities Eric wants to search. Eric reveals himself to be a racist; he can barely stand living with Charles. When Charles objects, they fight, stopping only when Roseanne goes into labor. She gives birth to a boy, delivered by Michael. Afterwards, while the others work to make a better life, Eric goes off by himself. Eric deliberately drives their jeep through the group's cultivated field, destroying part of their crops. Michael orders Eric to leave, but Eric shows he has a pistol and announces that he will leave when he is ready to. One night, Eric tells Roseanne that he is going to the city. Needing to discover her husband's fate, Roseanne agrees to go with him, as he had hoped. Eric insists that she not tell Michael. However, after stealing supplies, Eric is stopped by a suspicious Charles. As they struggle, Eric stabs Charles in the back, killing him. Once they reach the city, he begins looting, while she goes to her husband's office, then to the hospital waiting room. There she discovers her husband's skeleton. When Rosanne wants to return to the group, Eric refuses to let her go. They struggle and his shirt is torn open, revealing radiation poisoning. In despair, he runs away. She begins the long walk back, but her baby dies along the way. Michael finds her and takes her home. When he starts farming, she joins him."] ['Jack Hall  is a paleoclimatologist on an expedition in Antarctica with colleagues Frank  and Jason . They are drilling for ice core samples on the Larsen Ice Shelf for the NOAA when the shelf breaks off and Jack almost falls to his death, but he is saved at the last second, and they finish their expedition. Later on, in New Delhi, India, Jack presents his findings on global warming at a United Nations conference, where diplomats and Vice President of the United States Raymond Becker  are unconvinced by Jack\'s findings. However, Professor Terry Rapson  of the Hedland Climate Research Centre in Scotland believes in Jack\'s theories. Several buoys in the North Atlantic simultaneously show a massive drop in the ocean temperature, and Rapson concludes that melting polar ice is disrupting the North Atlantic current. He contacts Jack, whose paleoclimatological weather model shows how climate changes caused the first Ice Age, and can predict what will happen. Jack thought the events would take hundreds or thousands of years, but his team, along with NASA\'s meteorologist Janet Tokada , builds a forecast model with their combined data. Across the world, violent weather causes mass destruction, including a massive snowstorm in New Delhi, a powerful hailstorm striking Tokyo, Japan, and a series of devastating tornadoes in Los Angeles. President Blake  authorizes the FAA to suspend all air traffic due to severe turbulence. At the International Space Station  three astronauts see a huge storm system spanning the northern hemisphere, delaying their returning home. The situation worsens when the latter develops into three massive hurricane-like super storms with eyes holding extremely cold air that instantly freezes anything it comes in contact with. Jack\'s theories become reality in seven to ten days\' time. Meanwhile, Jack\'s son Sam  is in New York City for an academic competition with his friends Brian and Laura , where they also befriend a student named J.D. . On the flight over there is severe turbulence and Sam grabs Laura\'s hand in fright. During the competition, birds migrating south suddenly fill the sky as animals all over New York become agitated. The weather becomes increasingly violent with intense winds and rains, causing the traffic-jammed Manhattan streets to become flooded knee-deep in a mix of rainwater, saltwater, and sewage. Sam calls his father, promising to be on the next train home, but the subways and Grand Central Terminal are closed due to flooding. As the storm worsens a massive storm surge hits Manhattan, causing major flooding and killing thousands in the chaos. Sam and his friends seek shelter in the New York Public Library, but not before Laura gets wounded, cutting her leg on a submerged taxicab. While survivors in the northern United States are forced to stay inside due to the cold, President Blake orders the evacuation of the southern states, causing almost all of the refugees to head to Mexico. Initially Mexico closes its US border, but President Blake negotiates to open the border. Jack and his team set out for Manhattan to find his son. Their truck crashes into a tractor just past Philadelphia, so the group continues on snowshoes. During the journey, Frank falls through the glass roof of a snow-covered shopping mall. As Jason and Jack try to pull Frank up, the glass under them continues to crack and Frank sacrifices himself by cutting the rope and falling to the floor far below. Meanwhile in Mexico, Vice President Raymond Becker hears from the Secretary of State that President Blake\'s motorcade was caught in one of the super storms before he could make it to Mexico, so Becker is sworn in as the new President. Inside the library, Sam warns everyone to stay indoors, but few listen. The small group that remains burns books to stay alive and breaks the vending machine for food. Laura appeared to have a cold, so Sam comforts her and later confesses that he joined the team because he held feelings for her. Laura and Sam share a kiss. Soon afterward, the group find out that Laura is afflicted with blood poisoning from her cut leg\'s being infected by the sewage-tainted water, so Sam, Brian and J.D. search for penicillin in a derelict Russian cargo ship that drifted inland, and are attacked by starving wolves that have escaped from the local zoo. The eye of the super storm begins to pass over the city, instantly freezing everything from the top down. The three barely get back to the library with the medicine, food and supplies they were able to scavenge. During the deep freeze, Jack and Jason take shelter in an abandoned Wendy\'s restaurant, then resume their journey after the astronauts confirm the storm\'s dissipation, finally arriving in New York. They discover the library buried in snow, but find Sam\'s group alive. They radio this in and the President orders in UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters flown in New York. President Becker orders search and rescue teams to look for other survivors  as he gives his first address to the nation. As the main characters are evacuated and flown over the city, they see that hundreds of other helicopters searching for more survivors find success as people from other skyscrapers flock to the roofs, looking for a ride to safety. The movie concludes with the astronauts looking down at Earth from the Space Station, showing most of the northern hemisphere covered in ice and snow, with one of the astronauts calling it "the clearest atmosphere [he\'s] ever seen."'] ['In 1979, NASA scientist Dylan Hunt  is working on "Project Ganymede", a suspended animation system for astronauts on long-duration space flights. As chief of the project he volunteers for the first multi-day test. He places himself in chemically-induced hibernation deep inside Carlsbad Caverns; while there, his lab is buried in an earthquake. The monitoring equipment is damaged and fails to awake him at the intended end of the test. He awakens instead in 2133, emerging into a chaotic post-apocalyptic world. An event called "The Great Conflict"  destroyed the civilization of Hunt\'s time. Various new civilizations have emerged in a struggle for control of available resources. Those with the greatest military might and the will to use it have the greatest advantage. Dylan Hunt is accidentally found and rescued by an organization calling themselves "PAX" . PAX members are the descendants of the NASA personnel who worked and lived at the Carlsbad Installation in Dylan\'s time. They are explorers and "scientists" who preserve what little information and technology survive from before the Conflict, and who seek to learn and acquire more in an effort to build a new civilization. Members of PAX find Dylan Hunt still sealed in the hibernation chamber. They revive him, and are thrilled to meet a survivor from before the Conflict. An elaborate "Subshuttle" subterranean rapid transit system was constructed during the 1970s, due to the vulnerability of air transportation to attack. The Subshuttles utilized a magnetic levitation rail system. They operated inside vactrain tunnels and ran at hundreds of miles per hour. The tunnel network was comprehensive enough to cover the entire globe. The PAX organization inherited the still-working system and used it to dispatch their teams of troubleshooters. In the area once known as Arizona and New Mexico a totalitarian regime known as the Tyranians rule the area. The Tyranians are mutants who possess greater physical prowess than non-mutated humans; they can be identified by their dual navels. Their leader discovers that Hunt has knowledge of nuclear power systems, and they offer him great rewards if he can repair their failing nuclear power generator. However, once he is in their power they attempt to force him to reactivate a nuclear missile system in their possession, with which they intend to destroy their enemies and dominate the region. Hunt is appalled by this small-scale replay of the events that must have led to the Conflict. He leads a revolt of the enslaved citizenry, sabotages the nuclear device, and destroys the reactor. To Hunt\'s dismay, the PAX leaders assert their pacifist nature and intentions. They are attempting to rebuild an idealistic society using all that was deemed "good" from Earth\'s past, and they regard Hunt\'s interference with a rival civilization and his destructive tactics as antithetical to this end. However, they also see great good in him and value his knowledge of the past. They ask Hunt to join PAX permanently but only if he can agree to never again take human lives. Hunt half-heartedly agrees. Security Chief Yuloff states that the rationale of taking lives to justify the saving of lives was what allowed "The Great Conflict" to happen in the first place.  The following are story concepts that were in development during the production of Genesis II that would have become individual episodes had the network approved the series. *"Company B" - A "Trojan Horse" suicide squad from the days of the great conflict comes out of suspended animation and attacks PAX. They represent the 1995 A.D. ideal of a perfect soldier. *"London Express" - A hair raising journey through submerged portions of the North Atlantic subshuttle tube to mysterious London of 2133 A.D. Dylan Hunt and Team-21 meet Lyra-A there and the mad monarch King Charles X. *"Robots Return" - The advanced computers and sophisticated machinery left on a moon of Jupiter by a 1992 NASA expedition have evolved into a new form of robot life and visit Earth in search of the "God" which created their life. They meet Dylan Hunt, formerly of NASA and consider him a messiah. This story idea was later developed into the script for Star Trek: The Motion Picture, and, shares that work\'s thematic similarities to "The Changeling", written by John Meredyth Lucas. *"Poodle Shop" - Dylan Hunt is captured and put on sale by the females in a strange society where men are treated as domestic pets and often traded back and forth for breeding purposes. This story idea would later turn into the second pilot, Planet Earth. *"The Apartment" - Trapped inside 20th century ruins by a mysterious force field, Dylan Hunt is catapulted through a time continuum back to 1975 where he can be seen as a "transparent ghost" by the girl living in the apartment there. A bizarre love affair with a surprise twist ending. The basic plot appears later as an unused Star Trek: Phase II episode "Tomorrow and the Stars". *"The Electric Company" - Dylan Hunt and his PAX team encounter a place where a strong priesthood holds a society in bondage through the clever use of electricity. The simple inhabitants see the flashes of light and the amplified voices as the sight and sound of "God", but Dylan\'s team ends the dominance of the priesthood when they come up with still better tricks. This episode superficially resembles the Star Trek episode "Return of the Archons". Source: - Lincoln Enterprises Catalog No. 6'] 