["{{Plot}} In 1970, Andoheb, the aging High Priest of Arkam , has summoned Yousef Bey to the Temple of Arkam to pass on the duties of High Priest. Beforehand, Andoheb explains the legend of Kharis to Bey. Meanwhile in Mapleton, Massachusetts, Professor Matthew Norman, whom had examined one of Kharis' missing bandage pieces during the Mummy's last spree through Mapleton, also explains the legends of the Priests of Arkam and Kharis to his History class who are less than believing. After the lecture ends, one of the students, Tom Hervey, meets up with his girlfriend Amina Mansori, a beautiful woman of Egyptian descent. However, a strange, clouded feeling in her mind occurs when ever the subject of Egypt is mentioned. Back in Egypt, Andoheb informs Yousef Bey that Kharis still lives and that Yousef’s mission is to retrieve Kharis and the body of Ananka and return them to their rightful resting place in Egypt. Yousef Bey pledges his devotion before Andoheb explains that during each full moon, Yousef Bey is to brew the fluid from nine tana leaves. Kharis will sense this and find the leaves wherever they are. The moon is full in Mapleton as Professor Norman studies the hieroglyphics on a case of tana leaves. He has deciphered the message about brewing nine tana leaves during the full moon and decides to do just that. The battered, ragged form of Kharis the Mummy, however, senses the leaves brewing and heads toward them. On the way, he passes the home of Amina and she follows him in a trance-like state. Kharis soon arrives at the home of Professor Norman, strangles him, and drinks the fluid of the tana leaves. Amina sees Kharis, which snaps her out of her trance but also causes her to faint. She falls to the ground with a strange birthmark now apparent on her wrist. The next morning, the Sheriff and Coroner discover a strange mold around the dead Professor’s throat – a sign they both know to mean that the Mummy stalks Mapleton again. Sheriff Elwood questions Amina, who is dazed, but Tom Hervey arrives and tries to provide an alibi for her. The Sheriff finally dismisses the pair and Tom takes her home. Later, Yousef Bey, who has arrived in Mapleton, calls on Amon-Ra to aid him in his quest and begins to brew the sacred fluid of the tana leaves to summon Kharis. Kharis senses the leaves and heads toward them, murdering a helpless farmer along the way. The Sheriff soon arrives on the scene and organizes a search party. The next day, at the Scripps Museum, Yousef Bey lags behind a tour group viewing the Mummy of Ananka. After closing time, Yousef emerges from a hiding place as Kharis breaks into the museum. Kharis attempts to touch the mummified body, but it disintegrates under the wrapping as his hand approaches. Yousef Bey realizes that Ananka’s soul has been reincarnated into another form. Kharis is enraged and begins destroying the exhibit, attracting the museum security guard who is mercilessly slaughtered by Kharis. Police Inspector Walgreen and Dr. Ayad from the museum are bewildered as to how Ananka’s body has disappeared without disturbing the wrappings. Dr. Ayad matches markings on the tomb to those on a cask of tana leaves and Inspector Walgreen decides to use the leaves to attract and capture Kharis. The plan is to build a pit to confine the creature until a way to deal with him can be found. Amina is still unable to shake the haunted feelings that torture her and Tom, disregarding the Sheriff’s warnings, asks Amina to elope with him to New York. She agrees and the two make plans to leave early the next morning. Meanwhile, Yousef Bey calls upon Amon Ra to lead him to the new home of Ananka’s soul and then sends Kharis in that direction to find Ananka. Inspector Walgreen now begins to bait his trap by burning nine tana leaves and Kharis immediately heads toward the Norman home. Amina is awakened by his approach and hypnotically wanders into the yard. Kharis recognizes her as the carrier of Ananka’s soul and Amina faints as Kharis picks her up and takes her away. The abduction is witnessed by Mrs. Blake, Amina's guardian, who phones Tom to alert him. Tom immediately sets out in pursuit while Mrs. Blake heads to the Norman house and tells her story to Inspector Walgreen, Sheriff Elwood and a large group of volunteers. Kharis arrives at the mill and presents Amina to Yousef Bey. Bey recognizes the birthmark on her wrist as the symbol of the Priests of Arkam. Amina awakens and the Priest informs her that she is, indeed, the reincarnation of Ananka. Yousef Bey now begins to admire Amina’s beauty and cannot deny the temptations he feels to keep her alive as his bride. He decides to use the tana leaves to keep her young and beautiful forever which enrages Kharis. Before Yousef Bey can give Amina the fluid, the Mummy knocks the cup away and exacts his vengeance on the Priest, who falls out a window to his death. Tom Hervey now arrives and witnesses the death of the Priest. He rushes up the stairs to the mill but is met by Kharis. A struggle ensues and Tom is quickly overwhelmed. Kharis attempts to escape with Amina and the mob pursues the Mummy and his Princess into the nearby swamps. In Kharis’ arms, Amina/Ananka is now aging rapidly. They are chased deeper and deeper into the swamps and now begin to sink into the bog. Tom’s last anguished sight of Amina is that of a 3,000 year old Egyptian Princess as Kharis and Ananka disappear under the water, united in death."] ["An expedition led by British archeologist Professor Fuchs  attempts to locate the cursed tomb of an evil Egyptian princess. Her body is found to be perfectly, unnaturally preserved after two millennia. Fuchs becomes obsessed by Princess Tera's beauty and takes the body and sarcophagus back to London, building a secret shrine in his basement. Not long after, his daughter Margeret , who bears an uncanny resemblance to the princess, starts to experience strange dreams. A sinister man, who only she seems to notice, watches her from the derelict house across the road. Margaret begins to wonder if she's going mad, and starts experiencing wild personality changes. Soon the evil will of Tera, reaching up through the house, begins to periodically take over Margaret's mind and body. The strange man is revealed as Corbeck , one of the expedition members, who is working to restore Tera to life and a new reign of terror, and with his help Margaret kills the other desecrators of Tera's tomb one by one. Corbeck, Margeret and her increasingly unhinged father start the ritual to awaken the princess. Professor Fuchs finally sees sense and convinces her to stop the ritual; together they overpower and kill Corbeck. Tera awakes, and in the attempt to stop Tera, the Professor is killed. After a long struggle, Margaret stabs Tera in the heart and she dies. In the end, Magaret wakes up from unconsciousness and finds herself in the hospital. Her whole body is wrapped in bandages and she is trying to say something."] [" In ancient China, Han, a brutal and tyrannical warlord, unites the country's kingdoms into an empire and becomes The Dragon Emperor. He orders the construction of the Great Wall of China to bury and curse his dead enemies. The Emperor's mystics teach him supernatural mastery over the Five Elements. Years later, Emperor Han begins to grow fearful that all he has accomplished will be lost upon his death. He hears of a sorceress, Zi Yuan, who is said to know the secret of immortality and sends his henchman, General Ming Guo, to bring the sorceress to the palace. When Ming finds Zi Yuan, they fall in love. After Zi Yuan seemingly casts a spell on the Emperor in Sanskrit, a language he does not understand, he has Ming executed and impales Zi Yuan with a dagger. Revealing that she has foreseen these events, Zi Yuan immolates and detains the Emperor and transforms his army into the Terracotta Army, and the sorceress flees. In 1946, archaeologist Alex O'Connell, the son of Rick and Evelyn O'Connell, locates Emperor Han's tomb with the financial backing of archaeology professor Roger Wilson. Three assistants are killed and Alex is attacked by Lin, but succeeds in bringing the Emperor's coffin to Shanghai. Meanwhile, the British government entrusts the O'Connells to take the Eye Of Shangri-La back to China. Wilson is actually a member of a rogue military faction led by General Yang and his second-in-command, Choi, who see the Emperor as the one who can restore order and greatness to China. The mysterious woman from the tomb attacks the mummified Emperor in his coffin, which turns out to be a decoy. By accident, the magical fluid within the Eye lands on the statue of the carriage driver, revealing itself to be the Emperor's actual body. The Emperor is revived, trapped in his terracotta undead form. Han accepts the service of Choi and Yang but kills Wilson. Lin attempts to kill the Emperor with a magical dagger, the only weapon that can destroy him. Along with Evelyn's brother Jonathan Carnahan, who owns a Shanghai nightclub named Imhotep's, the O'Connells and Lin travel to a stupa in the Himalayas that will reveal the path to Shangri-La when the Eye is placed on top of it. With the help of the Yetis summoned by Lin, the group hold off Yang's soldiers but Emperor discovers the location of Shangri-La. He throws a dagger at Alex, but Rick intervenes and is mortally wounded. Using a thrown grenade attached to some dynamite, Alex triggers an avalanche to reach Shangri-La and meet with Zi Yuan. After Lin vouches for the O'Connells, the ancient sorceress heals Rick's wound. The group discovers that Lin is Zi Yuan's 2000-year-old daughter, both rendered immortal due to the power of Shangri-La's waters. The magical dagger which Lin carries is the same dagger that the Emperor used in his attempt to kill Zi Yuan years earlier. Zi Yuan also reveals that she would have died if she had not been saved by the Yetis, and warns Alex that if the Emperor is allowed to drink from the Pool of Eternal Life, he will not only be able to raise his army, but be granted the power to transform into ancient and fearsome Chinese animal spirits. Alex and Lin have grown attached to each other, but Lin pushes the relationship away due to her immortality; after watching Zi Yuan mourn General Ming for centuries, she does not want to fall in love with Alex only to watch him grow old and die. The Emperor eventually arrives and attacks them in Shangri-La and takes the dagger, breaks free of his terracotta form and bathes in the waters, which restores his human form and youth, replenishes his powers, and gives him the ability to shapeshift. He transforms into a gigantic three-headed dragon, kidnaps Lin, and flies to his tomb where he raises the Terracotta Army, now aided by General Yang's soldiers. The Emperor announces his plans to conquer the entire world and that once he leads his army across the Great Wall, they will be invincible. The O'Connells and Zi Yuan pursue the Emperor to the Great Wall where Zi Yuan sacrifices her and Lin's immortality to revive the workers killed and buried beneath The Great Wall, creating an undead army of her own, led by a vengeful, revived General Ming. The Army of the Dead, with aid from the group's modern weapons and air support, fights the Terracotta Army while Zi Yuan battles the Emperor; she is mortally wounded but succeeds in securing the dagger. Alex rescues the captive Lin, who was bound and gagged in a tent under armed guard. The gang finally catches up, and Lin grieves after they find Zi Yuan dying soon after. Then, Emperor Han transforms into a horned Ogre and goes beneath the Great Wall in order to use his elemental powers to negate Zi Yuan's spell and draw Ming's army back underneath it. However, he is stopped by Alex. Yang and Choi are pushed into moving gears by Evelyn and Lin when they attempt to interfere, crushing and killing them both. Rick and Alex tackle the Emperor with the dagger, but they are overpowered by the Emperor's transformation into an ogre with Alex being knocked unconscious and Rick onto a lit torch and the dagger is broken. After Rick questions the Emperor as to where his honor is, the Emperor fights him. Rick is overpowered by the superiority of the Emperor's taijutsu skills. Alex grabs the blade of the dagger, and jumps into the nearby water. Rick sheaths the dagger's hilt and plunges it into the Emperor's chest while Alex stabs him with the tip of the blade from behind, simultaneously piercing the Emperor's heart from both sides, releasing the dagger's curse. The Emperor is consumed from the inside out by molten lava, resulting in the death of the Emperor and his army. Ming's army celebrates briefly before finally moving on to a peaceful afterlife. The O'Connells return to Shanghai, where Alex and Lin fall in love again. Jonathan decides to move to Peru with the Eye of Shangri-La, which he has stolen himself, as he hopes there are no mummies in Peru. But shortly after his arrival, mummies were discovered in Peru."] ["The Mummy's Shroud is set in 1920 and tells the story of a team of archaeologists who come across the lost tomb of the boy Pharaoh Kah-To-Bey. The story begins with a flash back sequence to Ancient Egypt and we see the story of how Prem, a manservant of Kah-To-Bey, spirited away the boy when his father was killed in a palace coup and took him into the desert for protection. Unfortunately, the boy dies and is buried. The story then moves forward to 1920 and shows the expedition led by scientist Sir Basil Walden  and business man Stanley Preston  finding the tomb. They ignore the dire warning issued to them by Hasmid, a local Bedouin about the consequences for those that violate the tombs of Ancient Egypt and remove the bodies and the sacred shroud. Sir Basil is bitten by a snake just after finding the tomb. He recovers, but has a relapse after arriving back in Cairo. Preston takes advantage of this and commits him to an insane asylum, to take credit for finding the tomb and Prince's mummy himself. Meanwhile, after being placed in the Cairo Museum, the mummy of Prem is revived when Hasmid chants the sacred oath on the shroud. The mummy then proceeds to go on a murderous rampage to kill off the members of the expedition, beginning with Sir Basil after he escapes from the asylum. One by one, those who assisted in removing the contents of the tomb to Cairo are eliminated by such grisly means as strangulation, being thrown out of windows, and having photographic acid thrown in their face. Greedy Stanley Preston, the real villain of the piece, after repeated attempts to evade the murder investigations and flee for his own safely, is murdered in a Cairo sidestreet by the avenging mummy. All ends happily thanks to the intervention of remaining members of the party, Stanley's son Paul Preston and Maggie Claire de Sangre, who succeed in destroying the Mummy in a very dramatic and beautifully staged finale."] ['The Mummy\'s Tomb picks up the story thirty years after the conclusion of the previous entry. It begins with Steve Banning  reciting the story of Kharis to his family and evening guests in his Mapleton, Massachusetts home. Footage from The Mummy\'s Hand appears as Banning tells his tale. As he concludes his tale of the successful destruction of the creature, the scene switches back to the tombs of Egypt. Surviving their supposed demise, Andoheb  explains the legend of Kharis  to his follower, Mehemet Bey . After passing on the instructions for the use of the tana leaves and assigning the task of terminating the remaining members of the Banning Expedition and their descendants, Andoheb expires. Bey and Kharis leave Egypt for the journey to the United States. Bey takes the caretaker\'s job at the local cemetery, sets up shop and administers the tana brew to Kharis. The monster sets out to avenge the desecration of Ananka\'s tomb. His first victim is Stephen Banning, whom the creature kills as the aging archaeologist prepares for bed. As the Sheriff  and Coroner  can\'t come up with a lead, newspapermen converge on Mapleton to learn more about the murder. Babe Hanson  arrives on the scene after learning of his friend\'s death. When Jane Banning ([[Mary Gordon , Steve\'s sister, is killed, Hanson is convinced it is the work of a mummy. Meeting with the Sheriff and Coroner, Hanson is unable to convince them of the identity of the culprit. He tells his story to a newspaperman at the local bar, but is himself dispatched by Kharis almost immediately afterwards. John Banning enlists the help of Professor Norman  to solve the puzzle of the "grayish mark" found on the victims. Norman\'s test results prove that Hanson was right, the substance was indeed mold from a mummy. Meanwhile, Bey has plans of his own. Knowing that Banning and his girlfriend, Isobel Evans  are planning to marry, he sets out to disrupt their nuptials. Bey himself has become smitten with Isobel, and sends Kharis on a mission to bring her to him. Kharis initially balks, but finally adheres to Bey\'s command. In an effective sequence, the monster stealthily enters the Evans\' home and abducts the girl. At the cemetery, Bey unveils his plan to the reluctant Isobel, explaining that she is to become the bride of a High Priest of Karnak, and bear him an heir to the royal line. Banning and the rest of the townspeople have become convinced that their recent Egyptian transplant may be involved in the crimes. Arriving in force, they confront Bey at the cemetery. Kharis slips away with Isobel unbeknownst to the horde, and Bey attempts to shoot Banning, but is himself gunned down by the Sheriff. The creature is observed heading toward the Banning estate, and the group begins pursuit. Inside the home, Banning manages to rescue Isobel from Kharis with the aid of the Sheriff and Coroner. The townspeople set fire to the house, and the monster perishes in the flames. Banning and Isobel wed, and the curse is brought to an end.'] ["Freddie Franklin  and Peter Patterson  are Americans who are stranded in Cairo, Egypt. They happen to overhear Dr. Gustav Zoomer  discussing the mummy Klaris, the guardian of the Tomb of Princess Ara. Apparently the mummy has a sacred medallion that shows where the treasure of Princess Ara can be found. The Followers of Klaris, led by Semu ([[Richard Deacon , overhear the conversation along with Madame Rontru , a business woman interested in stealing the treasure of Princess Ara. Pete and Freddie go to the doctor's house to apply for the position to accompany the mummy back to America. However, two of Semu's men, Iben  and Hetsut , murder the doctor and steal the mummy just before Pete and Freddie arrive. However, the medallion has been left behind and is found by Pete and Freddie, who attempt to sell it. Rontru offers them $100, but Pete suspects it is worth much more and asks for $5,000, which Rontru agrees to pay. She tells them to meet her at the Cairo Café, where Pete and Freddie learn from a waiter that the medallion is cursed. They frantically try to give it to one another , until it winds up in Freddie's hamburger and he swallows it. Rontru arrives and drags them to a doctor's office to get a look at the medallion under a fluoroscope. However, she cannot read the medallion's inscribed instructions, which are in hieroglyphics. Semu arrives, claiming to be an archaeologist, and offers to guide them all to the tomb. Meanwhile, Semu's followers have returned life to Klaris. They arrive at the tomb, where Freddie learns of Semu's plans to murder them all. Rontru captures Semu, and one of her men, Charlie , disguises himself as a mummy and enters the temple. Pete follows suit by disguising himself as a mummy, and he and Freddie rescue Semu. Eventually all three mummies are in the same place at the same time, and the dynamite that Rontru intends to use to dig up the treasure detonates, killing Klaris and revealing the treasure. Freddie and Pete convince Semu to turn the temple into a nightclub to preserve the legend of Klaris and the three criminals who wanted to steal the treasure are presumably arrested."] ['"Egypt in the year 1900". A mummy is discovered by three Egyptologists: Englishmen John Bray ([[Ronald Howard  and Sir Giles Dalrymple  as well as French Professor Eugene Dubois . Assisting in the expedition is Professor Dubois\' daughter, and Bray\'s fiancee, Annette , herself an Egyptology expert. All the artifacts are brought back to London by the project\'s backer, American showman Alexander King , who plans to recoup his investment by staging luridly sensational public exhibits of the Egyptian treasures. Soon after arrival, however, the mummy revives and starts to kill various members of the expedition, while it becomes evident that sinister Adam Beecham , a wealthy arts patron whom members of the expedition meet on the ship returning to England, harbors a crucial revelation of the mummy\'s past and future.'] ["The film begins with the Egyptian Andoheb  traveling to the Hill of the Seven Jackals in answer to the royal summons of the High Priest of Karnak . The dying priest of the sect explains the story of Kharis  to his follower. The tale closely parallels that of the original film, except that Kharis steals the sacred tana leaves in the hope of restoring life to the dead Princess Ananka. His penalty upon being discovered is to be buried alive, without a tongue, and the tana leaves are buried with him. The leaves are the secret to Kharis' continued existence. During the cycle of the full moon, the fluid from the brew of three tana leaves is to be administered to the creature to keep him alive. Should despoilers enter the tomb of the Princess, a fluid of nine leaves will restore movement to the monster. Meanwhile, down on his luck archaeologist Steve Banning  and his sidekick, Babe Jenson , discover the remnants of a broken vase in a Cairo bazaar. Banning is convinced it is an authentic ancient Egyptian relic, and his interpretation of the hieroglyphics on the piece lead him to believe it contains clues to the location of the Princess Ananka's tomb. With the support of the eminent Dr. Petrie  of the Cairo Museum, but against the wishes of Andoheb, who is also employed by the museum, Banning seeks funds for his expedition. Banning and Jenson meet an American magician, Solvani , who agrees to fund their quest. His daughter Marta  is not so easily swayed, thanks to a prior visit from Andoheb, who brands the two young archeologists as frauds. The expedition departs in search of the Hill of the Seven Jackals, with the Solvani's tagging along. In their explorations, they stumble upon the tomb of Kharis, finding the mummy along with the tana leaves, but find nothing to indicate the existence of Ananka's tomb. Andoheb appears to Dr. Petrie in the mummy's cave and has the surprised scientist feel the creature's pulse. After administering the tana brew from nine leaves, the monster quickly dispatches Petrie and escapes with Andoheb, through a secret passageway, to the temple on the other side of the mountain. The creature continues his periodic marauding about the camp, killing a native overseer and eventually attacking Solvani and kidnapping Marta. Banning and Jenson set out to track Kharis down, with Jenson going around the mountain and Banning attempting to follow the secret passage they have discovered inside the tomb. Andoheb has plans of his own. Enthralled by Marta's beauty, he plans to inject himself and his captive with tana fluid, making them both immortal. Jenson arrives in the nick of time, and guns down Andoheb outside of the temple, while Banning attempts to rescue the girl. However, Kharis appears on the scene and Banning's bullets have no effect on the immortal being. Marta overheard Adoheb tell the secret of the tana fluid and tells Banning and Jenson that Kharis must not be allowed to drink any more of the serum. When the creature raises the tana serum to his lips, Jenson shoots the container from his grasp. Dropping to the floor, Kharis attempts to ingest the spilled life-giving liquid. Banning seizes the opportunity to overturn a brazier onto the monster, engulfing it in flames. The ending has the members of the expedition heading happily back to the United States with the mummy of Ananka, and the spoils of her tomb."] ['In Egypt in 1895, archaeologists John Banning , his father Stephen  and his uncle Joseph Whemple  are searching for the tomb of Princess Ananka, the high priestess of the god Karnak. John has a broken leg and cannot accompany his father and uncle when they open the tomb. Before they enter, an Egyptian man named Mehemet Bey  warns them not to go in, lest they face the fatal curse against desecraters. Stephen and Joseph ignore him, and discover within the sarcophagus of Ananka. After Joseph leaves to tell John the good news, Stephen finds the Scroll of Life and reads from it. He then screams off-screen and is found in a catatonic state. Three years later, back in England, Stephen Banning comes out of his catatonia at the Engerfield Nursing Home for the Mentally Disordered, and sends for his son. He tells him that when he read from the Scroll of Life, he unintentionally brought back to life Kharis , the mummified high priest of Karnak. He was sentenced to be entombed alive to serve as the guardian of Princess Ananka\'s tomb as punishment for attempting to bring her back to life out of forbidden love. Now, Stephen tells his disbelieving son that Kharis will hunt down and kill all those who desecrated Ananka\'s tomb. Meanwhile, Mehemet Bey, revealed as a devoted worshiper of Karnak, comes to Engerfield under the alias of Mehemet Akir to wreak vengeance on the Bannings. He hires a pair of drunken carters, Pat and Mike, to bring the slumbering Kharis in a crate to his rented home, but the two men foul up, and Kharis\' crate falls off and sinks into a bog. Later, using the Scroll of Life, Mehemet exhorts Kharis to rise from the muck, then sends him to murder Stephen Banning. When Kharis kills Joseph Whemple the next night, he does so before the eyes of John Banning, who shoots him with a revolver at close range to no effect. Police Inspector Mulrooney is assigned to solve the murders, but because he is skeptical and deals only in "cold, hard facts", he does not believe John\'s incredible story about a killer mummy, even when John figures that he is to be Kharis\' third victim. While Mulrooney investigates, John notices that his wife Isobel bears an uncanny resemblance to Princess Ananka. Listening to a man who saw the mummy walking, Mulrooney slowly begins to wonder if John is right. Mehemet Bey sends the mummy to the Bannings\' home to slay his final victim. However, when Isobel rushes to her husband\'s aid, Kharis sees her, releases John and leaves. Mehemet Bey mistakenly believes that Kharis has completed his task, and prepares to return to Egypt. John, suspecting him of being the one controlling the mummy, pays him a visit, much to his surprise. After John leaves, Mehemet Bey leads Kharis in a second attempt on John\'s life. The mummy knocks out Mulrooney, while Mehemet Bey deals with another policemen guarding the house. Kharis then finds and chokes John. Alerted by John\'s shots, Isobel once again causes Kharis to release him. When Mehemet orders Kharis to kill her, he refuses and kills Mehemet instead when he tries to finish her off himself. The mummy carries an unconscious Isobel into the swamp, followed by John, Mulrooney and other policemen. John yells to Isobel and when she regains consciousness, she tells Kharis to put her down. The mummy reluctantly obeys and when Isobel has moved away from him, the policemen open fire, causing Kharis to sink into a mire, taking the Scroll of Life with him.'] ["An Ancient Egyptian priest called Imhotep  is revived when an archaeological expedition led by Sir Joseph Whemple  finds Imhotep's mummy. Despite the warning of his friend Dr. Muller , Sir Joseph's assistant Ralph Norton , recklessly reads aloud an ancient life-giving spell. Imhotep escapes from the archaeologists, taking the Scroll of Thoth, and prowls Cairo seeking the reincarnation of the soul of his ancient lover, Princess Ankh-es-en-amon. Ten years later, Imhotep calls upon Sir Joseph's son Frank  and Prof. Pearson , claims that his name is Ardath Bey, a modern Egyptian , and shows them where to dig to find Ankh-es-en-amon's tomb. The archaeologists find the tomb and give the mummy and the treasures to the Cairo Museum. The archaeologists thank Imhotep for giving them the information of where to find the tomb. Imhotep was once mummified alive for attempting to resurrect her, and, upon finding Helen Grosvenor , a woman bearing a striking resemblance to the Princess, he attempts to kill her, with the intention of mummifying her corpse, bringing it back to life using the ancient scroll, and making her his bride. In the end, she is saved when she remembers her past life and prays to the goddess Isis to save her. The prayer causes a ray from the statue of Isis to burst out raising its arm to point a glowing ankh at Bey. He ages and crumbles into dust. Frank then calls Helen back to the world of the living as the Scroll of Thoth burns."] 