['The film takes place in Koishikawa, a district of Edo , in the 19th century. Young Dr. Noboru Yasumoto  is the film\'s protagonist. Trained in a Dutch medical school in Nagasaki, the arrogant Yasumoto aspires to the status of personal physician of the Shogunate, a position currently held by a close relative; his father is already a well-established, highly competent physician. Yasumoto believes that he should progress through the safe, and well-protected, army structure of medical education. However, for Yasumoto\'s post-graduate medical training, he has been assigned to a rural clinic under the guidance of Akahige , Dr. Kyojō Niide . Dr. Niide may seem like a tyrannical task master, but in reality he is a compassionate clinic director. Initially, Yasumoto is livid at his posting, believing that he has little to gain from working under Akahige. Dr. Yasumoto feels that Dr. Niide is only interested in his medical notes and soon rebels against the clinic director. He refuses to wear his uniform, disdains the food and spartan environment, and enters the forbidden garden where he meets "The Mantis" , a mysterious patient that only Dr. Niide can treat. As Yasumoto struggles to come to terms with his situation, the film tells the story of a few of the clinic\'s patients. One of them is Rokusuke, a dying man whom Dr. Niide discerns is troubled by a secret misery that is only revealed when his desperately unhappy daughter shows up. Another is Sahachi, a well-loved man of the town known for his generosity to his neighbors, who has a tragic connection to a woman whose corpse is discovered after a landslide. Dr. Niide brings Yasumoto along to rescue a sick twelve-year-old girl from a brothel  and then assigns the girl to Yasumoto as his first patient. Through his efforts to heal the traumatized girl, Yasumoto begins to understand the magnitude of cruelty and suffering around him as well as his power to ease that suffering, and learns to regret his vanity and selfishness. When Yasumoto himself falls ill, he is nursed back to health by the care and affection of Otoyo, the twelve-year-old girl who was saved from the brothel. Through his observations of Dr. Niide\'s compassion and a series of destitute patients, Dr. Yasumoto learns what being a doctor really means. The lives of patients are more important than wealth or status. Their suffering can be ameliorated with compassion and conscientious care.'] ["It is believed that 'Media' is the fourth pillar of democracy. Journalism began as a mission, then a service and now merely a profession - a complete business where a struggle is not to get right news but rather to 'generate' one crammed with glamour and sensation. The film endeavors to uncover the darker side of the famous or infamous sting operations where a news correspondent  falls in the 'chakravyu' of the whole business and finally paves her way out to yet another 'chakravyu'. The film narrates the story of a girl who initially is acknowledged when she is one among the corrupt system and discarded and criticized when she starts rebelling. Vidya is a young, dynamic, self-motivated news correspondent, who has just come out of a journalism course and is all charged to take up confrontations of this profession. But, little did she know that it is not as effortless job as it is perceived. Vidya initially is covering the entertainment beat and is quiet contended with her piece of work. But due to certain shuffles she is forced to quit entertainment and cover crime, which she presumes as not her cup of tea. Gradually, she gets a knack of it and starts getting addicted to the thrill and ecstasy of the job. She gets a brilliant story for her channel all the way from Rajasthan along with her team mates which actually boosts the TRP ratings of the channel and also her morale. In the process, or rather, in the quest for the thrill, she even tries to fool around with the so called ethics and codes of journalism by creating situations to get a story for her channel. One day she receives a call, that later changes her overall approach towards this profession. It is a call from a girl, Sangeeta, from Pune, who is a victim of repeated sexual abuses by the high designators of the local Police. Vidya, with her team chalks out a plan for yet another sting and is ready to cover the event where the SP is assaulting Sangeeta. But unfortunately it is the DIG who falls prey to their sting. The whole episode of 'live rape' disconcerts Vidya and her cameraman Rafiq to an extent that they feel ashamed to be merely a spectator in this profession where they couldn't even save the victim. But this event is not less than a celebration to the news channel where this 'Breaking news' will be their USP. Vidya has promised Sangeeta that this footage will not be telecast but rather be kept for her defense in court. Unfortunately, Vidya is traumatized to see the telecast of the whole footage 'as it is' in her news channel irrespective of her caution to the editor. Bugged with the whole system, she leaves for her Uncle's place who had been insisting her to visit his small press. There she apprehends the genuine power and nuance of journalism and gets the spur to fight back the system. With her, is a close friend Bala , Rafiq  and Trishna  who differ in their ideologies and yet are together. This is the time when she gets emotionally attached to the whole ball game and decides to give the victim Justice. In her fight for justice she faces all the ups and downs but all in vain leaving Vidya in utter despair and gloom. The USP of the film is in exposing reality with certain humorous incidence that occurs within the news channels. From the agitated talk shows to shoving the mike in the mouth of a kissing couple in a park and asking 'what is your take on right to privacy' is being presented in a unique style."] ['Professor Shukichi Somiya , a widower, has only one child, a twenty-seven-year-old unmarried daughter, Noriko , who takes care of the household and the everyday needs—cooking, cleaning, mending, etc.—of her father. On a shopping trip to Tokyo, Noriko encounters one of her father\'s friends, Professor Jo Onodera , who lives in Kyoto, and they go to a restaurant together. Noriko knows that Onodera, who had been a widower like her father, has recently remarried, and she tells him that she finds the very idea of his remarriage distasteful, even "filthy." Onodera, and later her father, tease her for having such thoughts.  Shukichi\'s sister, Aunt Masa , convinces him that it is high time his daughter got married. Noriko is friendly with her father’s assistant, Hattori , and Aunt Masa suggests to her brother that he ask Noriko if she might be interested in Hattori. When he does bring up the subject, however, Noriko laughs: Hattori already has been engaged to another young woman for quite some time. Undaunted, Masa tries to serve as her niece’s matchmaker. She pressures Noriko to meet with a marriageable young man, a Tokyo University graduate named Satake who, Masa believes, bears a strong resemblance to Gary Cooper. Noriko declines, explaining that she doesn’t wish to marry anyone, because to do so would leave her father alone and helpless. Masa surprises Noriko by claiming that she is also trying to arrange a match between Shukichi and Mrs. Miwa , an attractive young widow known to Noriko. If Masa succeeds, Shukichi would have someone other than Noriko to care for him. At a Noh performance attended by Noriko and her father, the latter smilingly greets Mrs. Miwa, which triggers Noriko\'s jealousy. When her father later tries to talk her into going to meet Satake, he tells her that he intends to marry Mrs. Miwa. Devastated, Noriko reluctantly decides to meet the young man and, to her surprise, gains a very favorable impression of him. Shaken by thoughts of her father taking a second wife, Noriko consents to the arranged marriage with Satake. The Somiyas go on one last trip before the wedding to Kyoto, where they meet Prof. Onodera and his family. Noriko changes her opinion of Onodera\'s remarriage when she discovers that his new wife is a nice person. While packing their luggage for the trip home, Noriko asks her father why they can\'t simply stay as they are now, even if he does remarry – she is very happy living with him and marriage certainly wouldn’t make her any happier. Shukichi admonishes her, saying that she must embrace the new life she will build with Satake, one in which he, Shukichi, will have no part, because "that’s the order of human life and history." Noriko asks her father’s forgiveness for her "selfishness" and agrees to go ahead with the marriage. Noriko’s wedding day arrives. At home just before the ceremony, both Shukichi and Masa admire Noriko, who is dressed in a traditional wedding costume. Noriko thanks her father for the care he has taken of her throughout her life and leaves in a hired car for the wedding. Afterwards, Aya , a divorced friend of Noriko’s, goes with Shukichi to a bar, where he confesses that his claim that he was going to marry Mrs. Miwa was a ruse all along: he had never intended to remarry at all. He had said so only to help persuade Noriko to get married herself. Aya, touched by his sacrifice, promises to visit him often. Shukichi returns home and faces the quiet night all alone.'] ["The film is set in France during the Seven Years' War. As the film begins, Fanfan  is a charming, attractive young man who is trying to escape a shotgun marriage. At this vulnerable point in his life, he is approached by the daughter of a recruiting officer, Adeline , who tells him that if he joins the army, he will find fame, fortune, and will marry the king's daughter. Accordingly he joins the army, only to discover that she made the whole thing up in order for her father to get a recruiting bonus. Nevertheless, encouraged by a series of improbable circumstances, he accepts her prediction as his destiny. A series of events ensues which shows off to great advantage his athleticism and leadership ability. As the film progresses, we become aware of a developing attraction between himself and Adeline which however conflicts with his perceived “destiny” of marrying a king's daughter."] ['"Mitr, My Friend" is a film about the plight of women who sacrifice their life for the betterment of their family. It also describes the cultural differences experienced by a small town girl on moving to a transposed environment. The film opens with the marriage proceedings of a South Indian arranged marriage between Lakshmi  and Prithvi . Lakshmi is a typical South Indian girl from Chidambaram; Prithvi is a software engineer working in California. After the wedding, they move to the USA where Lakshmi gradually tries to fit into her new surroundings. The marriage is a happy union: Prithvi works hard at work, Lakshmi manages the home, and they grow to love one other deeply. Within a year, they are blessed with a baby girl Divya . The film flashes forward 17 years. Divya is a typical adolescent: she goes to school, plays soccer, and occasionally attends parties . Lakshmi does not take to the partying very well, and tensions rise between mother and daughter. Divya aspires independence, and expresses herself by sidelining Lakshmi; Lakshmi wants her to be responsible, and expresses this by checking up on Divya a bit too much for Divya to be comfortable. Prithvi understands both sides, and tries to cope with Divya\'s growing up, but not always with full cognizance of Lakshmi\'s feelings. Things escalate one evening when Divya kisses her boyfriend Robbie outside her home. Lakshmi is furious, because of the traditional way that she was brought up, and drives Robbie away; Divya is furious at this kind of interference. Divya moves out. Lakshmi is overwhelmed by this. Prithvi is angered because he finds out that Lakshmi had slapped Divya, and he is unable to do anything about it. He begins to drift away from Lakshmi. Amid this storm, Lakshmi seeks a shoulder in an Internet chat room, where she meets a "mitr" , with whom she is gradually able to share her thoughts and feelings. This connection yields another result: "mitr" points out Lakshmi is too committed to her family to indulge in herself. Lakshmi digests this and begins to explore her own interests in carpentry, dance, hairstyling, and thereby establishes a new identity and personality for herself. She becomes fast friends with her new neighbors Steve  and his kid brother Paul. Prithvi keeps his distance, however. And he is chagrined that the new Lakshmi is not the over-doting new wife: she is still affectionate, but has now learned the notions of space and tacit distance. But while he is inwardly glad she is growing, he discovers there is depleting room for him, particularly at a time when he is coping with his daughter\'s absence. Things come to a head when he overhears Lakshmi laughing with Steve, assumes the worst, and uses a convenient work related excuse to move out for a few days. The film takes a turn when Lakshmi, now alone at home, receives a call from the hospital. Divya has broken up with Robbie and is now hurt. Divya realizes the outcomes of her previous decisions and decides to return home. Mother and daughter spend some quality time and bond over Lakshmi"s narration of nostalgic stories about her arrival to a new life in the USA. She is in touch with her "mitr" all through. The film builds to its climax when she asks, at Divya\'s urging, "mitr" to meet in person at the Fisherman\'s Wharf in San Francisco. All is revealed when "mitr" turns out to be Prithvi.'] ['Tae-suk  is a loner who drives around on his motorbike, taping takeout menus over the keyholes of front doors and breaking into apartments where the menus have not been removed. He lives in the apartments while the owners are away, even washing their clothes and mending broken appliances for them. When he breaks into one large home, he is unaware that he is being watched by an abused housewife Sun-hwa . Tae-suk leaves after he makes eye contact with Sun-hwa, but returns after silently contemplating on the roadside. He witnesses Sunwha\'s husband abusing her and proceeds to catch his attention by practicing golf in the yard. He hits Sunwha\'s husband with golf balls and then leaves with Sun-hwa. The couple begin a silent relationship, moving from one apartment to another. At one home, after drinking, they are caught by the returning owners, sleeping in their bed and wearing their pajamas. The couple gets into trouble with the law when they break into the home of an elderly man, who they discover to have died alone and proceed to give him a proper burial. When the man\'s son and daughter-in-law arrive at the apartment, they assume that Tae-suk and Sun-hwa killed him. They are interrogated at the police station but remain steadfastly silent; Sun-hwa\'s husband arrives and takes her back home. Despite an autopsy of the man revealing he died of lung cancer, and the great care that was shown in burying the Armsickle, Sun-hwa\'s husband bribes the policeman in charge of the investigation to allow him to similarly hit Tae-suk with golf balls. Tae-suk ends up attacking the police officer and is sent to jail, where he practices golf with an imaginary club and balls and develops his gifts for stealth and concealment . After being released from prison, invisible to her husband\'s eyes, Tae-suk rejoins Sun-hwa in her house. Sun-hwa appears to say "I love you" to her husband, but reaches out for Tae-suk. Tae Suks skills involve staying out of his jailers line of sight and peripheral vision and he does this as he stays behind Sun Hwas husband, moving as he turns and grabbing food from the dinner table and kissing Sun Hwa over her husband\'s shoulder  as he leaves on another business trip. After he leaves, Sun Hwa and he embrace, kissing deeply.'] ['In 1936 Tokyo, Sada Abe  is a former prostitute who now works as a maid in a hotel. The hotel\'s owner, Kichizo Ishida , molests her, and the two begin an intense affair that consists of sexual experiments, drinking, and various self-indulgences. Ishida leaves his wife and family to pursue his affair with Abe. Abe becomes increasingly possessive and jealous of Ishida, and Ishida more eager to please her. Their mutual obsession escalates to the point where Ishida finds he is most excited by being strangled during lovemaking, and he is killed in this fashion. Abe then severs his penis and writes, "Sada Kichi the two of us forever," in blood on his chest.'] ['The film starts by telling the story of Tony\'s father Takitani Shozaburo, a jazz trombonist from Japan, who spends the second world war in China. Shozaburo is imprisoned and many of his fellow inmates are executed. He expects he will be executed one day and he is shown curled up on the floor of his cell. However he survives and in 1946 returns to Japan where he marries a distant relative on his mother\'s side. A year later they have a child, Tony, but Tony\'s mother dies three days after giving birth to him. Shozaburo continues to travel and is away from home most of the time. Because of his Americanised name people often react oddly, or sometimes with hostility to Tony. "Spending time alone was the most natural thing in the world for Tony". He develops an interest in drawing but prefers accuracy over emotion and as an adult gets a job as a technical illustrator. Tony falls in love with a young female client, Eiko, who is obsessed with shopping for clothes and accessories. On their fifth date he proposes to her but she says she has already been seeing some one else for some time. She says she will think it over. Eventually Eiko accepts and they are married. Although Eiko and Tony are very happy they both recognise that her shopping is becoming a problem between them: Eiko accumulates so many clothes, and pairs of shoes, that they are given an entire room in the house. One day she decides to drive to her favourite boutique to return a coat and dress. After she has returned the clothes initially Eiko feels a sense of release but, whilst waiting at traffic lights, she begins to think about their colour, style, and texture. The lights change and, possibly because she is distracted, there is an accident in which Eiko is killed. Tony is completely distraught and sets about hiring a woman, Hisako, as an assistant, with the one condition that she should wear his wife\'s clothes to work in "as a uniform". When she sees Eiko\'s clothes Hisako begins to cry. Tony decides not to hire an assistant and sells the clothes instead. Two years after his wife\'s death Tony\'s father also dies, leaving his trombone and a collection of jazz records. Tony keeps the trombone and the records in the room in which Eiko used to keep her clothes. After a year Tony sells the records and the trombone. One evening at what might be the opening of an art exhibition a young man approaches Tony and introduces himself as the other man Eiko was seeing before she married Tony. He speaks disparagingly of Eiko and Tony challenges him and leaves. The next scene shows Tony in the empty room and recreates and then cuts to the earlier scene of Tony\'s father in the prison cell in China. He thinks about Hisako. In the final scene of the film Tony calls Hisako but puts the phone down before she can answer.'] ["The film is set in the year 1938, when India was still under British rule. Child marriage was common practice back then. Widows had a diminished position in society, and were expected to spend their lives in poverty and worship of God. Widow re-marriages were legalized by the colonial laws, but in practice, they were largely considered taboo. When Chuyia , a seven-year-old girl, loses her husband, in keeping with traditions of widowhood she is dressed in a coarse white sari, her head is shaven and she is deposited in an ashram for Hindu widows to spend the rest of her life in renunciation. There are fourteen women who live in the small, dilapidated two-story house, sent there to expiate bad karma, as well as to relieve their families of financial and emotional burdens. The ashram is ruled by Madhumati ([[Manorama , a fat and pompous lady in her 70s. Her only friend is the pimp, Gulabi , a sprightly hijra who not only keeps Madhumati supplied with ganja, but also with the latest gossip. The two also have a side business: Gulabi helps Madhumati to prostitute Kalyani , the now second-youngest of the widows, by taking her across the water to the customers. Kalyani was forced into prostitution as a child to support the ashram. Shakuntala  is perhaps the most enigmatic of the widows. She is attractive, witty and sharp. She is also one of the few widows who can read. She exudes enough anger that even Madhumati leaves her alone. Quiet and reserved, Shakuntala is caught between her hatred of being a widow and her fear of not being a sincere, dedicated widow. Shakuntala is a very devout Hindu who seeks the counsel of Sadananda , a gentle-looking priest in his late forties who recites the scriptures to the pilgrims who throng the ghats of the holy city. It is he who makes Shakuntala aware of her situation, eventually giving her the necessary intellectual input to separate true faith from the hypocrisy and superstition that makes her and the other widows' lives a misery. She's attached to Chuyia, because deprived from her liberties and freedom of choices from a young age, she sees herself reflected in Chuyia; and strives to give her what she lacked. Chuyia is convinced that her stay is a temporary one, and that her mother will come to take her away. With that thought firmly tucked in her mind and most other widows tolerating a certain quantity of unconventional behavior in the young girl, she quickly adapts to her new life. Madhumati sternly initiates her into widowhood. Meanwhile, Chuyia befriends the beautiful Kalyani, who is younger and more full of life than other widows at the ashram. She is witness and even agent of Kalyani's budding romance with Narayan ([[John Abraham , a young and charming upper-class follower of Mahatma Gandhi and of Gandhism. Despite her initial reluctance, Kalyani feels attracted to this young man and eventually buys into his dream of marriage and a fresh life in Calcutta. She eventually agrees to go away with him. Her plan is disrupted when Chuyia, in her innocence, inadvertently blurts about the secret affair with Narayan while massaging Madhumati one evening. Enraged at losing a source of income and afraid of the imminent social disgrace, Madhumati locks Kalyani up. Much to everyone's surprise, Shakuntala, the usually God-fearing widow, unlocks the door of the hovel and lets Kalyani out to go meet Narayan for the planned rendezvous, and he ferries her across the river to take her home. The journey however, does not culminate in the happy ending that Kalyani had hoped for, as she recognizes Narayan's bungalow as that of one of her former clients, and it turns out that Narayan is the son of one of the men she had slept with. In the shock of realization, she demands that he turn around the boat and take her back. A confrontation with his father reveals to Narayan the reason of Kalyani's sudden change of heart. Disgusted to know the truth, he decides to walk out on his father and join Mahatma Gandhi . He arrives at the ashram to take Kalyani with him, only to find out that Kalyani has drowned herself in grief. Meanwhile, Madhumati sends Chuyia away with Gulabi, as a replacement for Kalyani for a waiting client . Shakuntala finds out and runs out to prevent the worst, but she only arrives at the shore in time for Chuyia's return. The child is deeply traumatized and barely able to respond. Cradling Chuyia, she spends the night sitting at the shore. Walking through town with Chuyia in her arms she hears about Gandhi being at the train station, ready to leave town. Intuitively, she follows the crowd to receive his blessing before his departure. As the train is departing, in an act of despair, Shakuntala runs along the train, asking people to take Chuyia with them, and to put her under the care of Gandhi. She spots Narayan on the train and in a last effort gives Chuyia to him. The train departs leaving teary eyed Shakuntala behind, taking Chuyia into a brighter future."] ["A German student, Stefan, who has finished his mathematics studies, decides to have an adventure, get out of his conservative skin{{Clarify}} and to burn his bridges. After hitch-hiking to Paris, he makes a friend playing cards in a bar and they decide to commit a burglary to get some money. He meets a free-spirited American girl called Estelle and follows her to Ibiza. He discovers Estelle is involved with a former-Nazi German man called Dr. Wolf. Stefan saves Estelle from Dr. Wolf only to find she does not really want to be saved, and she introduces him to heroin  which she has stolen from Dr. Wolf. Stefan is initially against Estelle using heroin, but having used it previously, she persuades him to try it. Soon Stefan and Estelle are both heavily addicted to heroin. They try to break the addiction using LSD and initially manage to stay clean. However, after a while they're both using heroin again. Unable to break free of the addition, it quickly spirals out of control leading to a tragic end for Stefan."] ['Amu is the journey of Kajori Roy , a 21-year-old Indian American woman who has lived in the US since the age of 3. After graduating from UCLA Kaju goes to India to visit her relatives. There she meets Kabir , a college student from an upper-class family who is disdainful of Kaju’s wide-eyed wonder at discovering the "real India". Undeterred, Kaju visits the slums, crowded markets and roadside cafes of Delhi. In one slum she is struck by an odd feeling of déjà vu. Soon after she starts having nightmares. Kabir gets drawn into the mystery of why this is happening, particularly when he discovers that she is adopted. Meanwhile Kaju’s adoptive mother – Keya Roy, a single parent and civil rights activist in LA, arrives unannounced in Delhi. She is shocked to discover that Kaju has been visiting the slums. Although Kaju mistakes her mother’s response to a typical Indian over-protectiveness, Keya’s fears are more deeply rooted. Slowly Kaju starts piecing together what happened to her birth parents and mother and daughter clash as Kaju discovers she has been lied to her whole life. As Kaju and Kabir undertake this quest they both discover their families\' involvement with the man-made tragedy of immense proportions which took place twenty years ago in the capital city of India: the massacre of thousands of Sikhs in 1984; after the assassination of Indira Gandhi, the Prime Minister of India. Kabir learns that his father was instrumental in organizing the riots, as well as guilty of failing to stop Kaju\'s father from being killed. Kabir confronts his father who tries to justify his actions. Keya finally tells Kaju the truth; her birth name is Amu Singh and her Sikh father and younger brother were killed in the riots while her mother hanged herself in a refugee camp.'] ["Ferdinand Griffon  is unhappily married and has been recently fired from his job at a TV broadcasting company. After attending a mindless party full of shallow discussions in Paris, he feels a need to escape and decides to run away with his baby-sitter, an ex-girlfriend, Marianne Renoir , leaving his wife and children and bourgeois lifestyle. Following Marianne into her apartment and finding a corpse, Ferdinand soon discovers that Marianne is being chased by OAS gangsters, two of whom they barely escape. Pierrot , and Marianne go on a traveling crime spree from Paris to the Mediterranean Sea in the dead man's car. They lead an unorthodox life, always on the run. Settling down in the French Riviera after having burnt the dead man's car  and sunk a second car into the Mediterranean Sea, their relationship becomes strained. Ferdinand ends up reading books, philosophizing and writing in his diary. Marianne becomes bored of the Robert Louis Stevenson-ness of their living situation and insists they return to town, where in a night-club they meet one of their pursuers. The gangsters waterboard Ferdinand and depart. In the confusion, Marianne and Ferdinand are separated, with Marianne traveling in search of Ferdinand and Ferdinand settling in Toulon. After their eventual reunion, Marianne uses Ferdinand to get a suitcase full of money before running away with her real boyfriend, to whom she had previously referred as her brother. Pierrot shoots Marianne and her boyfriend, and, in the climactic scene, paints his face blue and decides to blow himself up by tying sticks of red and yellow dynamite to his head. Regretting his decision at the last second, he tries to extinguish the fuse, but, due to the dynamite obstructing his vision, fails and is blown up."] ['Gennosuke is a rebel samurai on the run, having fled his clan after assassinating a counselor. The daughter of the counselor, Misa, and her fiance, Daizaburo, pursue Gennosuke along with other samurai from Gennosuke\'s clan despite Gennosuke\'s obvious superiority as a warrior. A series of flashbacks reveals that Gennosuke was manipulated into committing the treason by one of the clan\'s higher-ranking samurai, who led Gennosuke to believe that the counselor\'s death would result in modern reforms to the clan and in Gennosuke\'s promotion to a full-fledged retainer, instead of a lowly foot soldier. In fact, the ranking samurai simply wanted the counselor killed so that he could succeed to the position himself. He had used Gennosuke to do the "dirty work", and then abandoned Gennosuke to face the consequences of the crime. As Gennosuke flees, he is given refuge by a poor farmer named Gundayu. Knowing the Gennosuke is a skilled swordsman, Gundayu makes the fugitive his partner in a scheme to poach gold from the shogun\'s mountain. Doing so is dangerous, because of the presence of bandits and other poachers in the area, as well as the risk of being caught by the shogun\'s authorities and sentenced to death. On the mountain, Gennosuke discovers another samurai, Jurota Yamane and his wife Taka, who are stealing gold as part of a mission for their clan. It is eventually revealed that Jurota\'s clan is going to betray him and kill him and his wife after they have the gold. On hearing this Gennosuke is reminded of his own betrayal by the high-ranking men of his own clan. He decides to help Jurota and Taka instead of leaving the mountain for safety. Daizaburo and Misa catch up to Gennosuke as he is making this decision and follow him to the scene of the climactic battle. Gennosuke finds Jurota and Taka, but too late to stop their murder by their own clan. Instead he takes revenge of the gathered clansmen and mercenaries. After the battle is won, Daizaburo and Misa see the hypocrisy of the clan system mirrored in Gennosuke\'s situation and rescind their vendetta allowing Gennosuke to leave without a fight.'] [" This film is about the blind, in particular about the lives and feelings of blind children and the principal of their school. Sparsh refers to the sensation and feeling of touch upon which blind people rely in the absence of sight. The film opens with Anirudh Parmar  as the principal of Navjivan Andhvidyalay, a school for the blind that educates about 200 blind children. Anirudh has a dark and lonely existence for the most part. One day, while on his way to the doctor, he hears a lovely song and ends up, mesmerized, at the songstress' door instead of the doctor. The voice belongs to Kavita Prasad , a young woman recently widowed after 3 years of marriage. Kavita, too, prefers a secluded existence. Her childhood friend Manju  is about the only friend she has.  Manju throws a small party where Kavita and Anirudh meet again. He recognizes her from her voice. During the conversation, he mentions that the school is looking for volunteers to read to, sing to, teach handicrafts and spend time with the children. Kavita is reluctant but she is urged by Manju and her husband Suresh to strongly consider it. Kavita decides to volunteer. As Kavita spends more time at the school, she begins forming a friendship with Anirudh. The friendship grows stronger over time and they become engaged. But their personalities and feelings are different. Anirudh is of strong character: he firmly believes that the blind need help but not pity or charity.  Kavita, recently bereaved, looks to the school  as a way towards an ideal, one of sacrificial service. Anirudh gets wind of this, and assumes Kavita is simply seeking to fill the void in her life with this form of service. He assumes she accepted the proposal not out of love but as a sacrifice towards a way out of her dark life. During this time, Anirudh's fellow blind friend Dubey  laments that his recently deceased wife was not happy in the marriage either. Anirudh is shaken, confused and disturbed by all this. He breaks off the engagement . She accepts his decision. Yet Kavita, now a salaried employee of the school, continues to help the children. The initial coldness between her and Anirudh gives way to friction and eventually, over a series of events at the school, brings up the feelings they were not able to discuss before. The situation spirals downward and one of them must leave the school. The movie ends with Anirudh and Kavita being touched by the depth of their feelings for one another and finally seeing a way out."] ["Allegedly based on a true incident reported on page 7 of a local newspaper, the film was a scathing satire on the corruption in the judicial system and the victimization of the underprivileged by the able and the powerful.a study of Aakrosh at filmreference Aakrosh forms a part of the series of works, based around explorations in violence, written by noted playwright Vijay Tendulkar, who had earlier written Shyam Benegal's Nishant  and went to write Govind Nihalani's next surprise breakaway hit, Ardh Satya . Here the victim is shown so traumatized by excessive oppression and violation of his humanity, that he does not utter a single word almost for the length of the film and only bears a stunned look,Om Puri at freshnews though later he uses the same violence as a tool to express his own sense of violation and rage.Ashis Nandy on Violence in Vijay Tendulkar's works Basically, the story is of a peasant who is oppressed by landowners and his foremen while trying to eke out a living as a daily laborer. His comely wife, played by Smita Patil, is raped by the foreman who then has him arrested to hide his own crime. His wife commits suicide out of shame. The police bring him to the funeral grounds in manacles and shackles to complete the Last Rites of his dead wife by lighting the funeral pyre &mdash; which in the Hindu religion only the husband has the right to. Standing beside the burning funeral pyre, he sees the foreman looking at his pre-pubescent sister with lustful eyes. Divining the fate that is in store for her, he grabs an axe and chops off his sister's head to forestall her dire future as perpetual victim, as he sees it. Upon completion of this hapless act of a desperate and downtrodden man, he raises his face towards the skies and screams, and screams and screams &mdash; the second time that we hear his voice in the movie  &mdash; a device similar to Andrei Tarkovsky's showing of the icons in brilliant color at the end of his three-hour black-and-white film Andrei Rublev."] ['The film is set in a small rural village in Japan in the 19th century. According to tradition, once a person reaches the age of 70 he or she must travel to a remote mountain to die of starvation, a practice known as ubasute. The story concerns Orin, who is 69 and of sound health, but notes that a neighbor had to drag his father to the mountain, so she resolves to avoid clinging to life beyond her term. She spends a year arranging all the affairs of her family and village: she severely punishes a family who are hoarding food, and helps her younger son lose his virginity. The film has some harsh scenes that show how brutal the conditions could be for the villagers. Interspersed between episodes in the film are brief vignettes of nature &ndash; birds, snakes, and other animals hunting, watching, singing, copulating or giving birth.'] ['The film comprises two different stories, told one after the other, each about a romance involving a policeman. Except for a brief moment when the first story ends and the second begins, the two stories do not interconnect. However, the three main characters from the second story each momentarily appear during the first.  The first story concerns Taiwan-born cop He Qiwu, also known as Cop 223. Qiwu\'s girlfriend May broke up with him on 1 April . His birthday is 1 May and he chooses to wait for May for a month before moving on. Every day he buys a tin of pineapple with an expiration date of 1 May. By the end of this time, he feels that he will either be rejoined with his love or that it will have expired forever. Meanwhile, a mysterious woman in a blonde wig  tries to survive in the drug underworld after a smuggling operation goes sour. On 1 May, Qiwu, looking for romance, approaches the woman in the blonde wig at a bar . However, she is exhausted and falls asleep in a hotel room, leaving him to watch old movies alone all night and order take-out food. He shines her shoes before he leaves her sleeping on the bed. She leaves in the morning and shoots the drug baron  who had set her up. Qiwu goes jogging and receives a message from her on his pager wishing him a happy birthday. He then visits his usual snack food store where he collides with a new staff member, Faye. At this point, a new story begins.  In the second story, the unnamed Cop 663 is similarly dealing with a breakup, this time with a flight attendant. He meets Faye, the new girl at the snack bar. She secretly falls for him. The flight attendant waits for the cop around the snack bar, and finds out he is on his day off. She leaves a letter for the snack bar owner to give to the cop. Everyone in the snack bar reads the letter, which is assumed to be the flight attendant\'s way of telling the cop that their relationship is over. The envelope also has a spare set of keys to the cop\'s apartment. Faye uses the keys to frequently break into his apartment by day to redecorate and "improve" his living situation. She finally tells him of the letter but he keeps delaying taking it or even reading it. Gradually, her ploys help him to cheer up, and he eventually realizes that Faye likes him and arranges a date at the restaurant "California" .{{cite web}} Faye, however, never shows up for the date, and the snack bar\'s owner, who is her cousin, goes to the restaurant to tell the cop that Faye left for California. Standing the cop up after a last-minute decision to see the world before settling down, she leaves him a boarding pass drawn on a paper napkin postdated one year later. In the last scene, Faye, now a flight attendant, returns to Hong Kong. She finds that the cop has bought the snack bar and is converting it into a restaurant. He asks her to stay for the grand opening in a couple days, but she says she does not know if she can. 663 then asks if she can send him a postcard if she leaves, but she says he wouldn\'t read it anyway. As Faye\'s about to leave, he gets the boarding pass she gave him a year ago, wrinkled and water-stained, and asks if anyone will accept it. She doubts it and writes him up a new one. Faye asks him where he wants to go with the boarding pass, and 663 says he\'ll go wherever she wants to take him. Their future remains ambiguous.'] ["On the first anniversary of his mother's death, Jacobo , the owner of a small and struggling sock factory, asks one of his attentive employees, Marta , to spend a few days at his home pretending to be his wife because his brother, Herman , is arriving for a visit. Jacobo and Marta's lives are very dull and repetitious. It takes some time to realize that Jacobo asks Marta because he has no one else to ask. Why Marta agrees is another matter. Jacobo is aware that his brother has become more successful since moving away and possibly resents the time that he had to devote to nursing their dying mother, rather than working on his own business. Herman's visit is initially an uneasy time for the two brothers who clearly have little in common, however, shortly before he is due to return home, Herman asks Jacobo and Marta to accompany him on a visit to a resort where they spent time as children with their parents. Marta is keen to go and Jacobo reluctantly agrees. During the holiday Marta and Herman become closer and the suggestion develops that they may actually have feelings for each other. Jacobo remains cold and unemotional towards both the other characters and seems keen for the experience to end. Just before he is due to go home Herman gives Jacobo a sum of money as compensation for the time that he lost by having to care for their mother. Jacobo is initially unwilling to accept it, but takes the money after witnessing Herman sing a love song towards Marta in a Karaoke restaurant that the three visit. Later that night Jacobo goes alone to a casino, placing all the money on Black 24 in a game of roulette and wins. He keeps some of the money, but wraps the larger part up as a present. As they say goodbye to Herman, Marta presses a note into his hand telling him to read it on the plane. When they get back home, Jacobo calls a taxi for Marta and gives her the cash present which she is last seen holding in the back of the cab. The following morning she does not turn up for work, although Jacobo goes through the same routine as always."] ["In 200 BC, a nomadic group of shepherds, in search of new pastures, leave the mountains to settle close to a fishing village. The women of the village hide and the only ones to venture out are Arta, the fisherman's wife, and a twelve-year-old girl, Chloe. Skymnos, a young shepherd, approaches Chloe who walks semi-naked around the rocks and the beach. Among the two children begins a tantalising game, which does not clearly end up with the couple having intercourse; as a sign of his affection, Skymnos catches a pelican for Chloe and mounts it on a gantry. On the other hand, although Arta initially rejects Tsakalos, she finally succumbs and the couple meets in a cave where Skymnos and Chloe can watch through a crack in the rock. When the shepherds decide to leave, Skymnos refuses to follow them. Lykas, a mute teenage shepherd, finds Chloe and rapes her. When Skymnos witnesses this scene, he unties the dead pelican, throws its corpse into the sea and allows himself to be swept away."] ['The background of Ivan’s Childhood is the Eastern front during World War II, when the Soviet army was fighting the invading German Wehrmacht. The film features a non-linear plot with frequent flashbacks.  After a brief dream sequence, Ivan Bondarev , a 12-year-old Russian boy, wakes up and crosses a war-torn landscape to a swamp, then swims across a river. On the other side, he is seized by Russian soldiers and brought to the young Lieutenant Galtsev , who interrogates him. The boy insists that he call "Number 51 at Headquarters" and report his presence. Galtsev is reluctant, but when he eventually makes the call, he is told by Lieutenant-Colonel Gryaznov  to give the boy pencil and paper to make his report, which will be given the highest priority, and to treat him well. Through a series of dream sequences and conversations between different characters, it is revealed that Ivan’s mother and sister  have been killed by German soldiers. He got away and joined a group of partisans. When the group was surrounded, they put him on a plane. After the escape, he was sent to a boarding school, but he ran away and joined an army unit under the command of Gryaznov.  Burning for revenge, Ivan insists on fighting on the front line. Taking advantage of his small size, he is successful on reconnaissance missions. Gryaznov and the other soldiers grow fond of him and want to send him to a military school. They give up their idea when Ivan tries to run away and rejoin the partisans. He is determined to avenge the death of his family and others, such as those killed at the Maly Trostenets extermination camp . A subplot involves Captain Kholin  and his aggressive advances towards a pretty army nurse, Masha , and Galtsev\'s undeclared and unrequited feelings for her. Much of the film is set in a room where the officers await orders and talk, while Ivan awaits his next mission. On the walls are scratched the last messages of doomed prisoners of the Germans. Finally, Kholin and Galtsev ferry Ivan across the river late at night. He disappears through the swampy forest. The others return to the other shore after cutting down the bodies of two adult scouts hanged by the Germans. The final scenes of the film then switch to Berlin under Soviet occupation after the fall of the Third Reich. Captain Kholin has been killed in action. Galtsev finds a document showing that Ivan was caught and hanged by the Germans. As Galtsev enters the execution room, a final flashback of Ivan\'s childhood shows the young boy running across a beach after a little girl in happier times. The final image is of a dead tree on the beach.'] [";Le Masque A somewhat artificial looking young dandy goes to an ornate dance hall, where he finds a young woman to be his dance partner. When he faints from the exertion, a doctor is called. He discovers that the dandy is in fact an old man wearing a mask to hide his aged appearance. The doctor takes the old man home to his patient wife. She explains that her husband Ambroise used to attract the ladies who frequented the hairdresser salon where he worked, but in the space of two years, he lost his looks. He goes out in disguise in an attempt to recapture his youth. ;La Maison Tellier Julia Tellier, the well-respected madam of a small-town whorehouse, takes her girls on an outing to her brother's village to attend the first communion of her niece. Her regular patrons are taken aback when they discover the whorehouse closed without explanation that Saturday night. One finally discovers a sign explaining the reason and is relieved. Julia's brother becomes infatuated with Rosa, one of her workers, and promises to visit next month. ;Le Modèle An artist falls in love with his model. Things are idyllic at first, but after living together for a while, they begin to quarrel constantly. Finally, he moves in with his friend. She eventually finds him, but he wants no more to do with her. He ignores her threat to jump from a window, and is so guilt-ridden when she does so immediately that he marries her."] ['The main character, John , has just been dumped by his girlfriend Ingrid . He then becomes acquainted with his next-door neighbours, the beautiful sisters Anne  and Kim . The sisters know a strange amount of details about him and Ingrid, and it soon becomes clear that he is being entrapped in a twisted, psychological game.'] ['Disillusioned knight Antonius Block  and his squire Jöns  return after fighting in the Crusades and find Denmark being ravaged by the plague. On the beach immediately after their arrival, Block encounters Death , personified as a pale, black-cowled figure resembling a monk. Block, in the middle of a chess game he has been playing alone, challenges Death to a chess match, believing that he can forestall his demise as long as the game continues. Death agrees, and they start a new game. The other characters in the story do not see Death, and when the chess board comes out at various times in the story, they believe Block is continuing his habit of playing alone.  Block and Jöns head for Block\'s castle. Along the way, they pass some actors, Jof and his wife Mia, with their baby son, Mikael, and their actor-manager, Skat. Jof has visions, but Mia is skeptical. The knight and the squire enter a church where a fresco of the Dance of Death is being painted. Jöns draws a small figure representing himself. "This is squire Jöns. He grins at Death; his world is a Jöns-world, believable only to himself, ridiculous to all including himself, meaningless to Heaven and of no interest to Hell."{{cite book| title Ingmar Bergman | publisher 1960 | pages "Bergman, 1960 p. 147">Bergman, 1960 p. 147. After giving away his strategy in the chess game, Block discovers that his listener is Death. Leaving the church, Block speaks with a young woman who has been condemned to be burnt alive for supposedly consorting with the Devil. Shortly thereafter, Jöns searches an abandoned village for water. He saves a servant girl  from being raped by a man robbing a corpse. He recognises the man as Raval, a theologian, who ten years ago had convinced Antonius to leave his wife and join a crusade to the Holy Land. Jöns promises to brand Raval on the face if they meet again. The girl joins Jöns. The trio ride into town, where the little acting troupe is performing. Skat introduces Jof and Mia to the crowd, then is enticed by Lisa, the blacksmith\'s wife, away for a tryst. They run off together. Jof and Mia\'s performance is interrupted by the arrival of a procession of flagellants. At a public house, Jof comes across Raval. Raval forces Jof to dance on the tables like a bear. Jöns appears and, true to his word, slices Raval\'s face.Bergman, 1960 p. 164-165 Block enjoys a country picnic of milk and wild strawberries gathered by Mia. Block says: "I\'ll carry this memory between my hands as if it were bowl filled to the brim with fresh milk...And it will be an adequate sign – it will be enough for me."Bergman, 1960 p. 195. Meanwhile, the little family sits out a storm, which Jof interprets to be "the Angel of Death and he\'s very big." The next morning, Jof, with his second sight, sees the knight and his followers being led away over the hills in a solemn dance of death. "They bear away from their light, while their strict lord Death bids them to dance... and the rain washes, and cleanses the salt of their tears from their cheeks."Bergman, 1960 p. 197 Mia chides him. "You with your visions and dreams."'] ['Michel  is a young petty criminal who models himself on the film persona of Humphrey Bogart. After stealing a car in Marseille, Michel shoots a policeman who has followed him onto a country road. Penniless and on the run from the police, he turns to his American girlfriend Patricia , a student and aspiring journalist, who sells the New York Herald Tribune on the streets of Paris. The ambivalent Patricia unwittingly hides him in her apartment as he simultaneously tries to seduce her and call in a loan to fund their escape to Italy. At one point, Patricia says she is pregnant with Michel\'s child. She learns that Michel is on the run when questioned by the police. Eventually, she betrays him, but before the police arrive, she tells Michel what she did. He is somewhat resigned to a life in prison, and does not try to escape at first. The police shoot him in the street and, after a prolonged death run, he dies “à bout de souffle” .  Michel\'s death scene is one of the most iconic scenes in the film, but the film\'s final lines of dialogue are the source of some confusion for English-speaking audiences. In some translations, it is unclear whether Michel is condemning Patricia, or alternatively condemning the world in general. As Patricia and Detective Vital catch up with the dying Michel, there is the following exchange, according to the transcript published in Dudley Andrew\'s book on the film:  MICHEL: C\'est vraiment dégueulasse. PATRICIA: Qu\'est ce qu\'il a dit? VITAL: Il a dit que vous êtes vraiment "une dégueulasse". PATRICIA: Qu\'est ce que c\'est "dégueulasse"?{{cite book}}  In his book, Andrew translates the dialogue thus:  MICHEL: That\'s really disgusting. PATRICIA: What did he say? VITAL: He said, "You are really a bitch." PATRICIA: What is "dégueulasse" [bitch]?  Dégueulasse is the noun and adjective form of dégueuler, a slang verb meaning &#34;to vomit.&#34; Andrew&#39;s translation obscures the subtlety of Vital&#39;s misquotation of Michel; in the original French, it is not clear whether Vital misquotes him deliberately, or simply mishears. Other translations have made the possibility that Vital mishears Michel more apparent. In the English captioning of the 2001 Fox-Lorber Region One DVD, &#34;dégueulasse&#34; is translated as &#34;scumbag&#34;, producing the following dialogue:  MICHEL: It\'s a real scumbag. PATRICIA: What did he say? VITAL: He said, "You\'re a real scumbag". PATRICIA: What\'s a scumbag?  The 2007 Criterion Collection Region One DVD uses a less literal translation that renders the French into a familiar American colloquialism: MICHEL: Makes me want to puke. PATRICIA: What did he say? VITAL: He said you make him want to puke. PATRICIA: What\'s that mean, "puke"?  This translation also was used for the 2010 restoration print.'] ['Glauco, an industrial designer, returns home from work. His wife is in bed with a headache but has left him dinner, which has become cold. He is dissatisfied with the food and begins preparing himself a gourmet meal. While collecting ingredients he discovers an old revolver wrapped in a 1934 newspaper with the headline "Dillinger is dead" and an account of the famous American gangster\'s death. Glauco cleans and restores the gun, then paints it red with white polka dots. He also eats his meal, watches some television and film, listens to music and seduces their maid. With the gun he enacts suicide a number of times. At dawn he shoots his wife thrice in the head. Then he drives to the seaside where he gets a job as a chef on a yacht bound for Tahiti.'] ["A famous star of Bengali films, Arindam , has been invited to the capital to receive a prestigious award. As all the flights are booked, he is forced to travel by a train from Calcutta to New Delhi. He is in a foul mood as the morning's papers are filled with his being involved in an altercation and his latest film is slated to become his first flop.In the restaurant car, he meets Aditi , a young journalist who edits a serious women's magazine. Filled with contempt for the likes of him, she secretly plans to interview him because she thinks it would make a saleable 'copy'. It soon leads to him unwittingly pouring out his life history. The interraction also brings to surface the inner insecurities of Arindam's character and his consciousness of the limitations of his 'powers'. Aditi initially takes notes, surreptitiously, but later on, out of empathy almost bordering on pity, abandons it. However, critical of the star, she interrogates him and the star ends up re-examining his life. In a series of conversations with Aditi, he also reveals his past and guilts. Arindam talks about Shankarda, his mentor, taking us back to his early youth. His selling out to films and giving up theatre against the wishes of his old teacher... His first day's shoot, and he being snubbed by a successful actor Mukunda Lahiri. A few years later Mukunda Lahiri, now a forgotten actor after a series of flops, comes to him to beg for a small part. He rejects the ageing actor in revenge. His taking refuge in alcohol. And his refusing to help a friend in politics. Toward the end of the train journey, Arindam is drunk and contemplates suicide. He asks the conductor to fetch Aditi. He begins to confess an affair with a married woman. But Aditi stops him. It was an affair with the heartless and ambitious Promila, which ended in a brawl with her husband. As the star re-lives and examines his life with Aditi, a bond develops between them. Aditi realises that in spite of his fame and success, Arindam is a lonely man, and needs her sympathy and understanding. Out of respect for his frank confession, she chooses to suppress the story and tears up the notes she has written. She lets the hero preserve his public image."] ['Dong-ho and Song-hwa are separately adopted by Yu-bong , a nomadic singer, and grow up as siblings. Dong-ho falls in love with Song-hwa, but he suffers from the fact that he has to call her sister and constantly fight with Yu-bong’s obsession to make her a great singer. Eventually, Dong-ho leaves home. However, with his unchanging affection for Song-hwa, he keeps following traces of his love while refining his drumming skills in order to match well with her singing. This is the heart-touching love story of Song-hwa, who devotes her life and love to her talent for Pansori , and Dong-ho, who has devoted his life to loving her.'] ['Lemmy Caution is a secret agent with the code number of 003 from "the Outlands". Entering Alphaville in his Ford Mustang,{{cite book}} called a Ford Galaxie,{{cite book|titleGilberto|last358|publisher2000|isbn&nbsp;mc²]] and [[Planck postulate|E "Darke_1">{{Harv|Darke|2005|pAlphaville  was originally known as Leonard Nosferatu , but Caution is repeatedly told that Nosferatu no longer exists. The Professor himself talks infrequently, referring only vaguely to his hatred for journalists, and offering Caution the chance to join Alphaville, even going so far as to offer him the opportunity to rule a galaxy. When he refuses Caution\'s enticement to go back to "the outlands", Caution kills him with a pistol shot. Alpha 60 converses with Lemmy Caution several times throughout the film, and its voice is seemingly ever-present in the city, serving as a sort of narrator. Caution eventually destroys or incapacitates it by telling it a riddle that involves something Alpha 60 can not comprehend: poetry . The concept of the individual self has been lost to the collectivized citizens of Alphaville, and this is the key to Caution\'s riddle. At the end, as Paul Misraki\'s musical score reaches its crescendo, Natacha realizes that it is her understanding of herself as an individual with desires that saves her, and destroys Alpha 60. The film ends with her line, "Je vous aime" .'] ["A son is born to a young couple in pre-war Italy. The father, motivated by jealousy, takes the baby into the desert to be abandoned, at which point the film’s setting changes to the ancient world. The child is rescued, named Edipo by King Polybus  and Queen Merope  of Corinth and raised as their own son. When Edipo  learns of a prophesy foretelling that he will kill his father and marry his mother, he leaves Corinth believing that Polybus and Merope are his true parents. On the road to Thebes, Edipo meets Laius , his biological father, and kills him after an argument. Later Edipo solves the riddle of the Sphinx. For freeing the kingdom of Thebes from the Sphinx's curse Edipo is rewarded with kingship and marriage to queen Jocasta , who is his biological mother. When they discover what they have done, fulfilling the prophecy, Edipo blinds himself and Jocasta commits suicide."] ['The film\'s tripartite structure is apparently inspired by the Divine Comedy of Dante; the film\'s three segments are titled "Realm 1: Hell", "Realm 2: Purgatory", and "Realm 3: Heaven". The first segment is a relatively brief, non-narrative montage composed of war footage, propaganda footage, and battle scenes from fictional films, constantly intercut, and accompanied by classical piano. The second segment, which is relatively straightforwardly narrative, makes up the bulk of the film. It tells the story of two young women visiting a European arts conference in Sarajevo: Judith Lerner , a journalist from Tel Aviv, and Olga Brodsky , a French-speaking Jew of Russian descent. Judith interviews the poet Mahmoud Darwish  at the conference, and surveys the city, visiting the Mostar bridge, where she reads Emmanuel Levinas . Olga makes a digital-video film of the conference, is visited by her uncle Ramos Garcia , who is translating for the conference, and attends a lecture on film by Godard . The Spanish writer Juan Goytisolo also appears as himself. The third segment, a brief postlude, shows Olga walking contemplatively through a quiet lakeside setting which appears to be guarded by American soldiers.'] ['Three friends from the city visit some ruins where an aged mother  and her daughter Jamini  live. Mother awaits the arrival of a distant cousin to marry Jamini, but the man is already married and living in Calcutta. The photographer Subhash  takes pity on the family and pretends to be the awaited suitor. The mother dies contented. When the threesome leave again, Jamini stays behind, facing a life of loneliness in the ruins.'] ['A lonely young man, Mario, meets a lonely young woman, Natalia. Mario  is lonely for social reasons; he is a stranger and a newcomer to town. Natalia  is lonely because she has always lived in isolation, even in the heart of the city. Her loneliness is intensified because she is in love with a man  who may not ever return to her, but who continues to occupy her heart to the exclusion of any other possible relationship. In turning the Dostoevsky story into a film, Visconti eliminated the first-person narration and made Natalia less of an innocent, and at times something of a hysteric and a tease. For his part, Mario rejects obvious offers of romantic attention from other women in the story, holding on to a fruitless obsession. Mario thanks the young woman for the moment of happiness she has brought him. However, he is left alone at the end of the film, befriending the same stray dog he met at the beginning. He is back at square one, and has put more energy into pursuing the fantasy of an obsession rather than any prospect of real love.'] ['During a battle in the Aragonese town of Saragossa  during the Napoleonic Wars, an officer retreats to the second floor of an inn. He finds a large book with drawings of two men hanging on a gallows and two women in a bed. An enemy officer tries to arrest him but ends up translating the book for him; the second officer recognizes its author as his own grandfather, who was a captain in the Walloon Guard. The ancestor, Alfonso van Worden , appears with two servants, seeking the shortest route through the Sierra Morena Mountains. The two men warn him against taking his chosen route because it leads through haunted territory. At an apparently deserted inn, the Venta Quemada, he is invited to dine with two Moorish princesses, Emina  and Zibelda  in a secret inner room. They inform the captain that they are his cousins and, as the last of the Gomelez line, he must marry them both to provide heirs. However, he must convert to Islam. He jokingly calls them ghosts . Then they seduce him and give him a skull goblet to drink. He wakes and find himself back in the desolate countryside, lying next to a heap of skulls under a gallows. He meets a hermit priest who is trying to cure a possessed man; the latter tells his story, which also involves two sisters and a different kind of forbidden love. Alfonso sleeps in the hermitage\'s chapel, hearing strange voices at night. When he wakes and rides off, he is captured by the Spanish Inquisition. But he is rescued by the two princesses, aided by the gang of the Zoto brothers . Back in the inner room, the two princesses become amorous with Alfonso but they are interrupted by Sheikh Gomelez, who forces the captain to drink the skull goblet at sword point. Again Alfonso awakens at the gallows, but this time a cabalist is lying next to him. As they ride to the Cabalist\'s castle, they are joined by a skeptical mathematician, who remarks, "The human mind is ready to accept anything, if it is used knowingly." Thus ends part 1 of the film. Part 2 is primarily filled with the nested tales told by the leader of a band of gypsies who visit the castle. Frame story or tale-within-a-tale-within-a-tale only begins to describe the complexity, because some of the inner tales intertwine, so that later tales shed new light on earlier experiences recounted by other characters. Multiple viewings of the film are recommended in order to comprehend the plot, as well as identify the appearance of certain characters before they are "introduced" by the gypsy raconteur to tell their own tales.Martin A. Schell\'s Saragossa Manuscript website Finally, Alfonso is told to return to the Venta Quemada, where he meets the two princesses. They bid him farewell and the Sheikh gives him the large book so that he can write the end of his own story. The Sheikh explains that the whole adventure was a "game" designed to test Alfonso\'s character. Alfonso wakes under the gallows again, but his two servants are nearby -- it is as if they are about to begin the journey that he has just "dreamed". At the small inn in Saragossa, he writes in the large book until someone tells him that the two princesses are waiting for him. He flings the book aside and it lands on the table where his descendant\'s enemy found it at the beginning of the film.'] ["During a water shortage, television programs are teaching various water-saving methods and encouraging the drinking of watermelon juice in place of water. However, everyone has their own solutions when it comes to finding water. In Hsiao-Kang and Shiang-chyi from Tsai's previous movie, What Time is it There?, the two characters meet again by chance and start a relationship."] ['The police are called to investigate the death of a woman during a riot in the walled city of Delhi.Overview New York Times. She was killed by a stone thrown by an agitated mob. The woman killed is known in the community as "Sardari Begum" , a popular singer and courtesan. The religious nature of the incident and the impending elections combine to attract the media\'s attention. When a young reporter covering the funeral, Tehzeeb Abbasi , discovers her father among the mourners, her curiosity prompts her to investigate further. Then comes the revelation that the singer was in fact her aunt, who was disowned by her family for rebelliously learning music from a concubine.'] ["The story begins with Venkat Subhramaniam , a professor of mathematics, software engineering, and a genius, teaching math in his village to kids when a postman comes with a letter. The letter is from Perci Trachtenberg , widely regarded as the world's greatest living mathematician, who invites Venkat to a high rolling casino in London. Venkat tells Perci about an equation that could not only change the dialogue on mathematics forever, but one that has already left an indelible impression of guilt &mdash; for many painful reasons &mdash; on Venkat's life. It is shown in the past that the reclusive genius Venkat has cracked a theory that could redefine the principles of probability and randomness. Venkat tries to use this experiment in a game called Teen Patti,  which he plays on the Internet. According to this experiment if a person playing Teen Patti knows the three cards with one of the players  he/she can guess the other cards with the rest of the players and therefore can guess who is going to win with the theory of probability. Venkat succeeds on his theory and submits his report to the institute where he teaches, but they reject his report. Venkat is sure about his theory and wants to try out in reality with live players. So he talks with younger professor Shantanu  about his theory and tells him to get three students to try out this experiment. Shantanu arranges three students &mdash; Sid , the college rockstar; Aparna or Apu , the studious geek who has a crush on Sid' and Vikram or Vikku , the boy next door. They come together and start playing the game. Venkat's theory, like the last time, proves to be successful. Venkat says that after a few more games he'll be sure to crack his equation and even be able to study it better. Shantanu tells him that he should try using his theory in the real world, where there are people who actually gamble and play Teen Patti, i.e., in underground dens or 'addas'. Although Venkat has no interest in the money that could come from practicing his equation to crack Teen Patti, he eventually succumbs to Shantanu's charismatic persuasion. Soon, with the help of his new students, they explore the addas of wild Bombay. Later another student from the institute, Abbas , the rich spoiled brat joins the gang and arranges for them parties in casinos, private clubs, etc. But what starts out as an experiment between a charismatic young professor and an eccentric older one soon descends into a game neither of them can control. The money they earn gets stolen; someone is blackmailing them; they get greedy about money and, in the course of time, they change into different people and even start betraying each other."] ['The film depicts the attempted invasion of Novgorod in the 13th century by the Teutonic Knights of the Holy Roman Empire and their defeat by Prince Alexander, known popularly as Alexander Nevsky. It begins as the knights invade and conquer the city of Pskov with the help of the traitor Tverdilo and massacre its population. In the face of resistance by the boyars and merchants of Novgorod , Nevsky rallies the common people of Novgorod and in a decisive Battle of the Ice, on the surface of the frozen Lake Peipus or Chudskoe. A comic relief subplot throughout the film concerns Vasili Buslai and Gavrilo Oleksich, two famous warriors from Novgorod and friends, who become commanders of the Novgorod forces and who engage in a contest of courage and fighting skill throughout the Battle on the Ice in order to decide which of them will win the hand of Olga Danilovna, a Novgorod maiden whom both of them are courting. After both of them have been seriously wounded, Buslai publicly states that neither he nor Gavrilo was the bravest in battle: that honor goes to Vasilisa, the daughter of a boyar of Pskov killed by the Germans who had joined the Novgorod forces as a front-line soldier; and that after her came Gavrilo. Thus Gavrilo and Olga are united, while Buslai chooses Vasilisa as his bride-to-be .'] ["{{Expand section}} Cheung is employed to play the film-within-the-film's heroine, Irma Vep , a burglar, who spends most of the film dressed in a tight, black, latex rubber catsuit, defending her director's odd choices to hostile crew members and journalists. As the film progresses, the plot mirrors the disorientation felt by the film's director. Cheung the character is in many ways seen by other characters as an exotic sex object dressed in a latex catsuit; both the director and Cheung's costume designer Zoe  have crushes on her."] ["The Yoshi family has just moved to the Tokyo suburbs, close to where the father Kennosuke's  direct boss, Iwasaki , is staying. Kennosuke's two young sons Keiji and Ryoichi  are supposed to be going to school, but owing to the threats of a group of neighborhood and school bullies, they decide to play truant. After the teacher speaks to their father, Keiji and Ryoichi have no choice but to go to school. They attempt to eat sparrow's eggs to get stronger so that they can get back at the boys, but an older delivery boy Kozou  decides to help them out to threaten the bullies, and they emerge as the top dogs amongst the gang. One of the neighborhood kids is Taro , whose father is Iwasaki himself. The boys argue amongst themselves who has the most powerful father. Not long after, they visit Taro's home, where the office workers have gathered under Iwasaki, who screens some home movies for the amusement of the gathering. The two brothers witness on film how their father, who to them is stern and whom they look up to, plays the buffoon before his colleagues and boss. Humiliated, they go home and decide that their father isn't such an important person after all. They throw a massive tantrum, and confront their father asking him why he has to grovel under Taro's father. Kennosuke answers that Taro's father is richer and holds a higher position than he does. Dissatisfied with this answer, the two decide to hold a hunger strike. Ryoichi gets a spanking from his father, but after the children has gone to bed, the father confides in the wife that he does not enjoy doing what he does. Both wish for a better future for their children. The next day, the children attempt a hunger strike during breakfast, but succumb to a dish of sweet cake. Kennosuke manages a reconciliation with them. The children say they would like to be a lieutenant general and a general respectively. On their way to school, they see Taro's father in a car, and they urge their father to go up and greet him. As Kennosuke takes a convenient car ride to work, the brothers walk to school with Taro and the rest of the gang."] ['In a noisy print shop, a disgraced police detective named Hofmeister  escapes from pursuing criminals\' attacks. Hofmeister telephones his former superior Inspector Karl Lohmann  and explains frantically that he has discovered a huge criminal conspiracy. Before disclosing the identity of responsible criminal, the lights go out, shots are fired, and Hofmeister becomes mad. Hofmeister vanishes only to be found later singing every time he feels watched, and he is institutionalized at Professor Baum\'s asylum. Professor Baum  introduces the case of Dr. Mabuse , the criminal mastermind and hypnotist who ten years earlier went mad. Mabuse spends his days frantically writing detailed plans for crimes while a criminal gang is committing them according to "the plans of the Doctor", with whom they confer only from behind a curtain. When Baum\'s colleague Dr. Kramm  by chance discovers that recent crimes implement Mabuse\'s writings, Kramm is shot by the gang\'s execution squad, Hardy and Bredow. A clue scratched in a glass window pane at Hofmeister\'s crime scene causes Lohmann to suspect Mabuse. On arrival at the asylum, Baum reveals that Mabuse has died. When Lohmann disparagingly talks about "Mabuse the criminal", Baum emphatically speaks about "Mabuse the genius". Baum continues to study Mabuse\'s writings and seems to confer with the ghostly Dr. Mabuse. The spirit of Mabuse speaks about an "unlimited reign of crime" and merges with the Professor\'s silhouette. During the same night, a hidden figure confers with sections of his organisation, preparing various crimes such as an attack on a chemical plant, robbing a bank, counterfeiting, poisoning water and destroying harvests. One of the gang members, Thomas Kent , is conflicted between his criminal work, which he needs to do for money, and his affection for a young woman named Lilli . Lilli, devoted to Kent, begs him to confide in her. Kent confesses his past and his current situation to her. The two decide to inform the police but are abducted and locked in the strange meeting room with the curtain. The hidden figure announces their death when they discover that the curtained alcove contains only a loudspeaker and that there is a time-bomb. After several escape attempts have failed, they flood the place to lessen the impact of the explosion and break free when the time-bomb goes off. Meanwhile the police are besieging a flat where several gangsters, including Hardy and Bredow, are staying. After a shootout, Hardy commits suicide while the other gangsters surrender. As Bredow testifies that they assassinated Dr. Kramm in the vicinity of the asylum, Lohmann arranges a confrontation between the gangsters and the Professor, which proves inconclusive. On Kent and Lilli\'s arrival. Baum\'s shocked reaction to Kent makes Lohmann suspicious. Lohmann and Kent visit the asylum, where they discover that Baum is the mastermind and has planned an attack on a chemical plant that night. Lohmann and Kent go to the exploding plant where they discover Baum watching from afar. Baum flees to the asylum with Lohmann and Kent pursuing. Mabuse\'s spirit leads Baum to Hofmeister in his cell where he introduces himself as Dr. Mabuse, ending Hofmeister\'s shock. Baum tries to kill Hofmeister but is stopped by guards, just as Lohmann and Kent arrive. The final scene shows the insane Baum in the cell, tearing Mabuse\'s writings to shreds.'] ["As the film opens, Guilio Andreotti gives an inner monologue observing how he has managed to survive his tumultuous political career while his various detractors have died. A montage shows the murders of various people connected to Andreotti, including journalist Mino Pecorelli, Carabinieri general Carlo Alberto Dalla Chiesa, bankers Michele Sindona and Roberto Calvi, and former prime minister Aldo Moro. The story of Giulio Andreotti, a seven-time prime minister of Italy notorious for his alleged ties to the Mafia. The narration spans the period from Andreotti's seventh election in 1992, to his failed bid for the presidency of the Italian Republic, to the Tangentopoli bribe scandal, until his trial in 1995."] ["Nawab, a popular Hyderabadi novelist, is suffering from a classic case of writer's block. Five years have passed, and stories of substance seem to have dried up. Then, almost providentially, Nawab comes across a young woman named Meenaxi. She's enigmatic and individualistic - and not quite willing to perform the part of a passive muse. But that doesn't deter a rejuvenated Nawab from giving her different personae - she can be the mysterious perfume trader of Hyderabad, the exotic desert bloom of Jaisalmer or the orphaned Maria of Prague. Inexorably, she consolidates her command over the novelist. She dismisses his renewed attempts at writing as insubstantial and hackneyed, plunging him into a state of deeper despair. She is scathingly critical about his story and is amused by one of his characters, the lovelorn and awkward Kameshwar. Finally, as Nawab strives on a new page all over again, Meenaxi comments that perhaps the book is in vain. In any case, it is much too late. The writer must survive and live, if he can, without her support, inspiration and criticism.<ref namehttp://www.imdb.com/title/tt0366761/plotsummary|title=Plot summary for Meenaxi: Tale of 3 Cities}}"] ['The story is set in Lahore in the time period directly before and during the partition of India in 1947. A young girl with polio, Lenny , narrates the story through the voice of her adult self . She is from a wealthy Parsi family who hopes to remain neutral to the rising tensions between Hindus, Sikhs, and Muslims in the area. She is adored and protected by her parents, Bunty  and Rustom  and is cared for by her Ayah, a beautiful Hindu woman, Shanta . Both Dil Navaz, the Ice-Candy Man  and Hassan, the Masseur  are Muslim and in love with Shanta. Shanta, Dil, and Hassan are part of a small group of friends from different faiths  who spend their days together in the park. With partition, however, this once unified group of friends becomes divided and tragedy ensues.'] ['Accio  and Manrico  are working class brothers who live in Italy in the 1960s. While his brother becomes drawn into left-wing politics, Accio, the hotheaded younger brother, is taken under the wing of a market trader and while under his influence, joins the Fascist party. Accio  is a nickname he is proud of because it makes him seem tough. Manrico and their sister Violetta are alarmed to hear their brother listening to Benito Mussolini\'s speeches in his room. Manrico often physically torments his brother, including stuffing his head in the barrel under the drain pipe of their house. Accio once runs away from home because his mother voted for the Houses Party. Their house is falling apart and she thinks the Houses Party will help them rebuild it. As Accio and Manrico get older they start demonstrating as members of the Fascist party and the Communist movement respectively.  The film is relatively even handed in its treatment of politics. If the young fascists seem absurd with their chanting of \'Duce! Duce!\', and their actions constantly tending to violence, the communists are hardly less so: Schiller\'s words in the final movement of Beethoven\'s choral symphony are replaced by a hymn in praise of Mao Zedong, Vladimir Lenin and Joseph Stalin; a meeting of activists consists of a room full of bearded men all shouting at once and only agreeing when the time comes to shout a slogan. Francesca, Manrico\'s girlfriend, becomes Accio\'s friend. Accio secretly likes her and thinks that she should not stay with Manrico because "he can\'t be depended on". The viewer is in little doubt that Accio is also attracted to Francesca himself. At the same time, he has himself become sexually involved with the wife of his fascist friend, the market trader, who has been imprisoned for his violent political activities. She buys him a car through an installment plan. Eventually Accio ends up leaving the Fascist party and tearing up his membership card when party members burn his brother\'s car. He also breaks up with his older lover, telling her that he cares for someone else, but not replying when asked if he is loved in return. But while Accio largely pulls out of political activism, his brother is drawn deeper into revolutionary violence. After disappearing for two years, he calls home. Accio travels to meet him and telephones Francesca, who twice quickly hangs up on him. When they meet in a cafe, Manrico sees Francesca arriving unexpectedly, but also the police who have perhaps been tailing her or tapping her telephone. He flees but dies in an exchange of  fire with the pursuing police. Accio then breaks into the corrupt and inefficient housing office to seize the waiting keys and the records of the homeless. He distributes keys and a party of homeless families take possession in the middle of the same night. The film ends with Accio living with his family, including his brother\'s small son.'] ["The film stars Anna Karina, as Nana, a beautiful Parisian in her early twenties who deliberately leaves her husband and her infant son hoping to become an actress. Without money, beyond what she earns as a shopgirl, and unable to enter acting, she elects to earn better money as a prostitiute. Soon she has a pimp, Raoul, who after an unspecified period agrees to sell Nana to another pimp. During the exchange the pimps argue and in a gun battle Nana is killed. Nana's short life on film is told in 12 brief episodes each preceded by a written resume. Godard introduces other idiosyncrasies to focus the viewer's attention."] ['The film tells the story of a petty thief  who is hired by the Nazis to impersonate an Italian resistance leader, General della Rovere, and infiltrate a group of resistance prisoners in a Milan prison.'] ["Set in the backdrop of Assam, a state in the north eastern part of India, the film portrays the conservative pan Indian socio cultural life where the women are subject to domestic violence. The Saikia family are extremely wealthy. The two sons of the family are Sanjay  and Sunil Saikia . The latter being the kinder of the two whilst the former is very hot-tempered and has occasional mood swings. The parents decide to get him married to Durga , a lower caste girl from a poor family, thinking she will be able to cope with Sanjay's temper. Sanjay initially refuses to marry Durga, but when his mother threatens to cut him off from the family will he relents. Thus, Durga marries Sanjay and looks forward to her new life. From day one, Durga is subjected to physical and mental harm by her husband. To add insult to injury, he spends their wedding night with a prostitute called Chameli. Durga continues to be tortured by her husband and after a drunken night he rapes her. Soon Durga is pregnant, but Sanjay is convinced the child is not his but Sunil's. Durga gives birth to a girl, named Deepa, but this only disappoints Sanjay and he shuns the child. Sanjay decides to get Deepa, now twelve years old, married to a much older man. When Durga protests, he viciously beats her. Durga's only companion Sunil is killed by Sanjay after he suspects that he and Durga were having an affair. Durga is devastated by Sunil's death and decides that enough is enough. She runs away with Deepa and decides to cut all ties with Sanjay. Sanjay files a police complaint but is unsuccessful in finding the two. Durga carries on with her life but it's not long before Sanjay finds the two...Finally Durga learns to stick up for herself and she kills her evil husband."] ["In a series of thematically-linked vignettes, a couple's attempts at a fulfilling and consummated romantic relationship are continually thwarted by the bourgeois values and sexual mores of Family, Church, and Society. In the course of seeking sexual release and satisfaction, the woman sublimates her sexual passion by fellating the toe of a religious statue. The final vignette is an allusion to the Marquis de Sade's novel 120 Days of Sodom; the intertitle reads: 120 Days of Depraved Acts, about an orgy in a castle, wherein the surviving orgiasts are ready to emerge to the light of mainstream society. From the castle door emerges the bearded and berobed Duc de Blangis  who greatly resembles Jesus, the Christ, who comforts a young woman who has run out from the castle, before he takes her back inside. Afterwards, a woman’s scream is heard, and only the Duc re-emerges; and he is beardless. The concluding image is a crucifix festooned with the scalps of women; to the accompaniment of jovial music, the scalps sway in the wind."] ['The film is about Lakkhi  a Bengali village woman whose husband fell from a roof while she was expecting her first baby, and has remained cripple ever since. She has lost her baby from the shock, and as a meagre compensation, is offered work as a wet-nurse in middle-class families where presumably women have other things to do than feed their children. Perhaps because of the social difference, she is in no position to resist the advances from the “gentlemen” who take advantage of her presence, and she soon finds herself caught in a system whereby if she wants to bring some cash home, and feed an ailing husband, she needs to continue to breast-feed. Naturally this can only be achieved if she delivers again, and so she does. But she has no children. One day, before important elections, alongside with a street-cleaning programme, she is asked to leave town because she’s a prostitute. She then tries to meet the “gentlemen” who formerly used to be pleased with her in more than one way, but all of them reject her, now that the word “prostitute” has been pronounced publicly. She will end up a pensioner in the brothel and the last picture is that of one young man coming to look at her, a young man whom she had lovingly suckled when he was a baby.{{cite web}}'] ['The story opens with the kidnapping of Panna Barve , the daughter of Chief Minister Malti Barve . The responsible gang\'s demand is that one of their members be released from police custody. While in captivity, Panna reminisces about her childhood, where she had to struggle to grow up with a power hungry and inconsiderate mother and a simple, quiet, and spineless father . Panna\'s mother had also been carrying on a rather open affair with party co-member Sawantrao Gadre . Flashback over and Panna soon meets the man behind her kidnapping - Aditya Patel  - who Panna knows from before. Via second flashback, we learn that Panna and "Adi" were lovers once upon a time. Their closeness stemmed from the fact that he also was struggling with a corrupt parent in the form of businessman father, P.N. Patel . Panna and Adi both find solace in a poor basti with the company of Adi\'s old teacher Joshi Master and in the philosophy of poet Bhau , much to the dismay of the couple\'s respective parents. Bhau even goes to the extent of becoming Malti\'s most vociferous opponent. Due to a sudden car accident, however, Adi is presumed dead and Panna loses Adi\'s out-of-wedlock baby before it can be born. Thus ends the second flashback. Getting back to the kidnapping, Adi and Panna reunite after quite some time. They talk to each other and piece together the events that have occurred since their separation. Just then, the missing gang member is sent back to Adi. It is none other than Bhau, who is returned to the gang with his brain destroyed by electric shock. News also comes that Joshi Master is killed in jail and it is portrayed as a suicide. Panna and Adi then decide what the best form of poetic justice will be for their parents. They both sneak into an election campaign of Malti Bave and P.N. Patel , and explode bombs attached to them, thus destroying everything. The film ends with Panna \'s father working as headmaster in a school. Gulzar suggests that although we have already ruined the world for Generation X, we should focus our efforts into the protection and education of our school children. If we shield them from this corruption, they will become the leaders of tomorrow, and they will run the country the way it should be.'] ['A group of children are playing an elimination game in the courtyard of an apartment building in BerlinWhile the location is never mentioned in the film, the dialect used by the characters is characteristic of Berliners, and a police inspector\'s map labeled "Berlin" and a policeman\'s order to take a suspect to the "Alex", Berlin\'s central police headquarters on the Alexanderplatz, make the venue clear. using a chant about a child murderer. A woman  sets the table for dinner, waiting for her daughter to come home from school. A wanted poster in the street describes a serial killer preying on children, as anxious parents wait outside a school. Little Elsie Beckmann  leaves school, bouncing a ball on her way home. She is approached by Hans Beckert , who is whistling "In the Hall of the Mountain King" by Edvard Grieg. He offers to buy her a balloon from a blind man. He walks and talks with her. Elsie\'s place at the dinner table remains empty, her ball is shown rolling away across a patch of grass, and her balloon is lost in the telephone lines overhead. In the wake of Elsie\'s death, Beckert sends an angry letter about his crimes to the newspapers, giving the police new clues using the new state of the art techniques of fingerprinting and handwriting analysis. Under increasing pressure from city leaders, the police work around the clock, harrying the criminal underworld without obtaining any solid leads. Inspector Karl Lohmann , instructs his men to intensify their search and to check the records of recently released psychiatric patients to look for those with a history of violence against children. They stage frequent raids to question known criminals, affecting underworld business so badly that Der Schränker  calls a meeting of the city\'s crime bosses. They decide to organize their own manhunt, using beggars to watch and guard the children. The police discover two clues corresponding to the killer\'s letter in Beckert\'s rented rooms. They wait there to arrest him. Beckert sees a young girl in the reflection of a shop window. Following her, he is thwarted when the girl meets her mother. When he encounters another young girl, he succeeds in befriending her, but his whistling is recognized by the blind balloon vendor. The blind man alerts one of his friends, who tails the killer with assistance from other beggars he alerts along the way. Afraid of losing him, one young man chalks a large M  on his hand, pretends to trip and bumps into Beckert, marking his upper back with it. The beggars close in. When Beckert finally realizes he is being followed, he hides inside a large office building just before the workers leave for the evening. The beggars call Der Schränker, and a team of criminals arrive. They tie up and torture a guard for information, capture the remaining watchmen, then systematically search the building from coal cellar to attic, finally capturing Beckert. When one of the watchmen trips the silent alarm, the crooks narrowly escape with their prisoner before the police arrive. One, however, is captured and eventually tricked into revealing the purpose of the break-in  and where Beckert would be taken. The criminals drag Beckert to an abandoned distillery to face a kangaroo court. He finds a large, silent crowd awaiting him. Beckert is given a "lawyer", who gamely argues in his defense but fails to win any sympathy from the "jury". Beckert delivers an impassioned monologue, saying that his urges compel him to commit the crimes which he later regrets, while other criminals present break the law by choice. His "lawyer" points out that the presiding "judge" is himself wanted on three counts of murder. Beckert pleads to be handed over to the police, asking, "Who knows what it\'s like to be me?" Just as the enraged mob are about to kill him, the police arrive. Five judges prepare to pass judgment on Beckert. Before the sentence is announced, the shot cuts to three of the victims\' mothers crying. Elsie\'s mother says that no sentence would bring back the dead children, and that "One has to keep closer watch over the children." The screen goes black as she adds, "All of you."Garnham, Nicholas. M: a film by Fritz Lang. New York: Simon and Schulster. 1968. SBN 68-27589. pp. 15-108.'] ["Five prostitutes work at Dreamland, in Tokyo's Yoshiwara district. As the Diet considers a ban on prostitution, the women's daily dramas play out. Each has dreams and motivations. Hanae is married, her husband unemployed; they have a young child. Yumeko, a widow, uses her earnings to raise and support her son, who's now old enough to work and care for her. The aging Yorie has a man who wants to marry her. Yasumi saves money diligently to pay her debt and get out; she also has a suitor who wants to marry her, but she has other plans for him. Mickey seems the most devil-may-care, until her father comes from Kobe to bring her news of her family and ask her to come home."] ['Dr. Jenny Isaksson  is a psychiatrist married to another psychiatrist; both are successful in their jobs but slowly, agonizingly, Jenny succumbs to a breakdown. She is haunted by images and emotions from her past and eventually cannot function, either as a wife, a doctor or as an individual.'] ["Bertrand, a timid student disapproves but still admires the lack of self-consciousness and the rude-but-efficient manners of Suzanne, one of his friend Guillaume's conquests."] ['Born in a prominent Bengali family, Subhas had dedicated much of his younger years by being actively involved in freedom movements in India, for ridding India of the British Imperialist rule. For this purpose he joined hands with stalwarts such as Nehru and Gandhiji; he expressed his frustration, especially with Gandhijis\' slow and painstaking way of trying to win over the enemy with love . For this reason, he decided to leave the Congress Party. The British became weary of him and placed him under arrest. When he started a hunger strike unto death, they let him go but kept him under surveillance. Subhas eluded the police, under the guise of a Pathan with an alias, \'Mohammad Ziauddin\'. He crossed the Indian border in Afghanistan so that he could enter Russia and form an Indian independence Army to oust the British. His efforts failed, and he ended up as an \'Italian diplomat\', "Orlando Mazzotta", with an office in Germany. He managed to convince the Nazis, despite Hitler\'s views in Mein Kampf, that he preferred India to remain colonized under the British. Nevertheless he was permitted to recruit Indian-born British Army POWs, and this is how the movement began. He secretly married his Austrian secretary, Emilie Schenkl, and earned the ire of the Germans, who wanted to keep their race pure "Aryan" or Caucasian. His efforts to take his army to India through Russia and Afghanistan were in vain as Adolf Hitler declared war on Russia . After being disillusioned that Germany could be of any help in liberating India, in 1943 he left for Japan. He traveled by the German submarine U-180 around the Cape of Good Hope to southeast of Madagascar, where he was transferred to the {{warship}} for the rest of the journey to Imperial Japan. This was the only civilian transfer between two submarines of two different navies in World War II. Arriving in Singapore,Bose took over control of the Indian national army was able to reorganize the fledgling army and organize massive support among the expatriate Indian population in south-east Asia, who lent their support by both enlisting in the Indian National Army, as well as financially in response to Bose\'s calls for sacrifice for the national cause. INA started the war along with the Imperial Japanese Army along the North-Eastern frontier of India. INA captured Imphal and Kohima after pitched battles, running over the British forces there. INA marched unopposed into Assam and Bengal. This initiated a popular revolt in India with grass-root support. It increased its strength and defeated the British. INA marched to Delhi and the British surrendered. India became free on Aug 15, 1945. By the time WW2 ended with the defeat of Germany and Japan, but INA won the Indian Revolutionary War. Netaji became the First Prime Minister of India. After six months, Netaji became a sanyasi. Nehru succeeded him as the PM.'] ['Tullio Hermil  is a wealthy Roman married to Giuliana  but lives a double sexual life with a possessive and aristocratic mistress .'] ['The story centers on a train engineer Jacques Lantier  who lusts after Séverine Roubaud , the wife of his co-worker Roubaud . Roubaud discovers that his young wife, Séverine, has been seduced by her godfather, the wealthy Grandmorin. Jealous, Roubaud forces Séverine to assist in the murder of Grandmorin during a train journey. The murder is witnessed by a railway worker, Jacques Lantier, but he keeps quiet because he is in love with Séverine. Disgusted by what her husband has done, Séverine has an affair with Lantier and pleads with him to kill her cruel husband. Little does she know that Lantier also has a dark secret.'] [':Note: The following synopsis refers to the original, 205&nbsp;minute version of the film. Andrei Rublev is divided into seven chapters and a prologue and an epilogue only loosely related to the main film. The main film charts the life of the great icon painter through several episodes of his life. The background is 15th century Russia, a turbulent period characterized by fighting between rival princes and the Tatar invasions. The film\'s prologue shows the preparations for a hot air balloon ride. The balloon takes off from the roof of a church, with a man named Yefim  roped beneath the balloon, at the very moment of arrival of an ignorant mob trying to thwart the flight. The man is highly delighted by the sight from the air, but can not prevent a crash landing. Yefim is the first of several creative characters, representing the daring escapist, whose hopes are easily crushed. After the crash, a horse is seen lolling by a pond, a symbol of life &mdash; one of many horses in the movie. The Jester, Summer 1400: Andrei , Danil  and Kirill  are wandering monks, looking for work. The three represent different creative characters. Andrei is the observer, a humanistic artist who searches for the good in people and wants to inspire and not frighten. Danil is withdrawn and resigned, and not as bent on creativity as on self-realization. Kirill lacks talent, yet strives to achieve prominence. He is jealous, self-righteous, very intelligent and perceptive. The three have just left the Andronikov Monastery, where they have lived many years, heading to Moscow. During a heavy rain they seek shelter in a barn, where a group of villagers is being entertained by a jester . The jester, or skomorokh, is a bitterly sarcastic enemy of the state and the Church, who is earning a living with his scathing and obscene social commentary and by making fun of the Boyars. He ridicules the monks as they come in, and after some time Kirill leaves unnoticed. Shortly, the skomorokh is picked up by a group of soldiers, knocked out headfirst against a tree and taken away. Theophanes the Greek, Summer-Winter-Spring-Summer 1405–1406: Kirill arrives at the Theophanes the Greek\'s workshop, where Theophanes the Greek , a prominent and well-recognized master, is working on another of his icons. Theophanes the Greek is portrayed as a complex character: an established artist, humanistic and God-fearing in his views yet somewhat cynical, regarding his art more as a craft and a chore in his disillusion with other people. His young apprentices have all run away to the town square, where a convicted criminal is about to be tortured and executed in public. Kirill talks to Theophanes, and the artist, impressed by his erudition, invites him to work as an apprentice on the decoration of Cathedral of the Annunciation in Moscow. Kirill refuses at first, but then accepts the offer on the only condition that Theophanes will personally come to the Andronikov Monastery and invite Kirill to work with him in view of all the fraternity and Andrei Rublev. The three monks are back at the Andronikov Monastery. Theophanes the Greek sends a messenger to Andrei to ask him for his assistance in decorating Cathedral of the Annunciation. Both Danil and Kirill are agitated by the recognition Andrei experiences. Danil refuses to accompany Andrei and reproaches him for accepting Theophanes\'s offer without considering his fellows, but soon repents of his temper and wishes Andrei well. Kirill is jealous and in great anger, and he leaves the monastery for the secular world, throwing the accusations of greed in the face of the monks. Andrei leaves for Moscow with his young apprentice Foma . Foma is another creative character, representing the light-hearted and practical-minded commercial artist. Still he seems to be contemplative enough to get along with Andrei. The Passion According to Andrei, 1406: While walking in the woods, Andrei and Foma have a conversation about Foma\'s faults, especially lying. While Foma has talent as an artist, he is less concerned with the deeper meaning of his work and more concerned with practical aspects of the job, like perfecting his azure, a colour which in painting was often considered unstable to mix. They encounter Theophanes in the forest, and the old master sends Foma away. As he leaves, the apprentice finds a dead bird and pokes it. We cut to a conversation between Andrei and Theophanes, this time set on a stream bank. Theophanes argues that the ignorance of the Russian people is due to stupidity, while Andrei says that he doesn\'t understand how he can be a painter and maintain such views. "I\'d have taken vows of schema long ago and settled down in a cave for good." This section contains a reenactment of Christ\'s Atonement, which plays as Andrei recounts the story and expresses his faith. The Feast, 1408: During a nightly walk Andrei encounters a group of naked pagans, whose celebration implies sensuality and lust. Andrei feels attracted by the rituals he witnesses. He is caught by the pagans and tied to a cross, and threatened to be drowned in the morning. A woman named Marfa , only dressed with a mantle approaches Andrei. She drops her mantle, kisses and then frees him. The next morning as Andrei leaves a group of soldiers arrives and rounds up the pagans. Marfa escapes by running into the river and swimming past Andrei’s boat. He and his fellow monks look away in shame. The Last Judgment, Summer 1408: Andrei and Danil are working on the decoration of a church in Vladimir. Over months, work is not progressing, as Andrei is doubting himself. He confides to Danil that his task disgusts him and that he is unable to paint a subject such as the Last Judgement, as he doesn’t want to terrify people. He comes to the conclusion that he has lost the ease of mind that an artist needs for his work. He has a flashback during which he remembers his time working for the Grand Prince, who put out the eyes of artisans to prevent them from reproducing their beautiful work for someone else. As the flashback ends, Durochka , a holy fool or Yurodivy, wanders into the church. Her feeble-mindedness and innocence leads Andrei to the idea to paint a feast. The Raid, Autumn 1408: While the Grand Prince is away in Lithuania, the Grand Prince’s brother and a group of Tatars raid Vladimir. The invasion and the resulting carnage is shown in great detail. One famous scene shows a horse falling from a flight of stairs and being stabbed by a spear. Another famous scene shows a cow set on fire. The tatars enter the church. Andrei prevents the rape of Durochka by a Russian by slaying the perpetrator. Shaken by this event Andrei falls into self-doubt and decides to give up painting and takes a vow of silence. The Silence, Winter 1412: Andrei is once again at the Andronikov Monastery. He neither paints nor speaks and keeps Durochka with him. After several years of absence, Kirill shows up at the monastery and asks to be taken in. The father superior allows him to return, but requires him to copy the scriptures fifteen times. One day, Tatars stop at the monastery while traveling through. One of the Tatars takes Durochka away as his eighth wife. The Bell, Spring-Summer-Winter-Spring 1423–1424: Andrei\'s life turns around when he witnesses the casting of a bell for the Grand Prince. As the bellmaker has died, his son Boriska  tells the Prince\'s men that he is the only one who possesses his father\'s secret of casting a bell. Boriska is another creative character. He is aware of his own importance and the difficult task at hand. He is able to create through a combination of natural skill and pure faith. Boriska supervises the digging of the pit, the selection of the clay, the building of the mold, the firing of the furnaces and the hoisting of the bell. During the process the bell-making endeavor grows into a large, costly effort with many workers and Boriska makes several risky decisions, guided by his instinct. At one point, he privately asks God for help. Halfway through the sequence the skomorokh from the first sequence makes a reappearance and threatens to kill Andrei, whom he mistakes for the man who denounced him years earlier. Kirill steps in and intervenes on behalf of the silent Andrei. Later Kirill confesses privately to Andrei that his sinful envy of Andrei\'s talent dissipated once he heard Andrei had abandoned painting and that it was he  who denounced the skomorokh. Kirill then takes Andrei to task for allowing his God-given talent for painting to go fallow and pleads with Andrei to resume his artistry. As the bell-making proceeds toward its end Boriska\'s decisive confidence slowly transforms into a stunned, detached disbelief that he\'s succeeded at the task. The work crew takes over as Boriska makes repeated, nervous attempts to fade into the background of the activity. Once the bell has be hoisted into its bell tower the Grand Prince and his entourage arrive for the inaugural ceremony. As the bell is prepared to be rung the royal entourage is overhead discussing its doubts that the bell will ring. It\'s revealed that Boriska and the work crew know if the bell fails to ring the Grand Prince will have them all beheaded.  There is a quiet, agonizing tension as the foreman slowly coaxes the bell\'s clapper back and forth, nudging it closer to the lip of the bell with each swing. We pan across the assembly and see Durochka, robed in white leading a horse  as she walks through the crowd. At the critical moment the bell rings perfectly and she smiles. After the ceremony Andrei finds Boriska collapsed on the ground, sobbing as he admits his father never told him the secret of casting a bell. Andrei comforts him, breaking his vow of silence and telling the boy that they should go together. "You’ll cast bells. I’ll paint icons." Andrei sees Durochka, the boy and the horse walk off across a muddy field in the distance. The epilogue is the only part of the film in color and shows details of several of Andrei Rublev\'s icons. The icons are shown in the following order: Enthroned Christ, Twelve Apostles, The Annunciation, Twelve Apostles, Jesus entering Jerusalem, Birth of Christ, Enthroned Christ, Transfiguration of Jesus, Resurrection of Lazarus, The Annunciation, Resurrection of Lazarus, Birth of Christ, Trinity, Archangel Michael, Paul the Apostle, The Redeemer. The final scene crossfades from the icons and shows four horses at a river during rain.'] ['On May 16, 1630, Hanshiro Tsugumo arrives at the estate of the Iyi clan, looking for a suitable place to commit seppuku. At the time, it is told, it was fairly common for disgraced samurai to make the same request, or threat, in the hope of receiving alms from the lord of the house. To deter him Kageyu Saito, counselor of the clan, tells Hanshiro a warning story wherein another ronin, Motome Chijiiwa – formerly of the same clan as Hanshiro – had made the same request and the samurai retainers of the house forced him to complete the ceremony and kill himself. When Motome\'s sword is revealed to be a fake made of bamboo, they refuse to give him a blade and insist that he disembowel himself with it, so that Motome\'s death is agonizingly painful. Despite this warning, Tsugumo maintains his request to commit suicide. While preparing for the ritual, Tsugumo recounts to Saito and the retainers that his lord\'s house was considered a threat and toppled by the shogunate, whereupon his friend, another samurai, committed seppuku and left Tsugumo to look after his son, Motome Chijiiwa. Required to protect Chijiiwa and support his own daughter Miho, Hanshiro lived in poverty and worked menial jobs to support his family. In later years Chijiwa and Miho were married and had a son, Kingo, but continued to live in poverty. When Miho and Kingo became ill and could not afford to pay a physician, Chijiiwa threatened seppuku at a lord\'s house. Soon after his seppuku, Miho and Kingo died from their illnesses. Hanshiro then reveals that before coming to the Iyi house, he tracked down two retainers of the house, Hayato Yazaki and Umenosuke Kawabe, whom he defeated easily and disgraced them by cutting off their topknots. A third retainer, Hikokuro Omodaka, comes to Hanshiro\'s home and challenges him to a ritual duel. Hanshiro and Hikokuro climatically duel in a brief but tense sword fight, where Hanshiro breaks Hikokuro\'s sword. Instead of honorably surrendering, Hikokuro continues to fight and his topknot is taken as well. When Hanshiro finishes his account, Saito angrily orders the retainers to kill him; whereupon Tsugomo kills four and wounds eight while slowly succumbing to his wounds. When a new group of retainers arrive armed with guns, Tsugumo begins seppuku but is shot. Kawabe and Yazaki are ordered to commit seppuku, while Omodaka is reported to have done so already; their deaths, and the four inflicted by Hanshiro, are to be reported as from "illness", lest word be spread that the Iyi House has lost face to a ronin.'] ["Kamal Kishore Khosla  is a middle-class man living in New Delhi. He is a simple man with simple tastes. The film begins with a dream sequence where Khosla sees his death, the irony being that nobody really cares about his demise; instead his children and neighbours are more occupied with banal small talk. Waking up from this nightmare, Khosla goes to visit a site where he has purchased a plot of land to build a house. He is accompanied by his family — wife, elder son Balwant a.k.a. Bunty , younger son Chironji Lal a.k.a. Cherry  , and his daughter. Kamal Kishore has invested all of his savings  into buying the plot; Cherry is not too interested in his father's future plans of settling together in the new house. He is a software engineer and, although a source of pride for his father, he finds his current lifestyle too drab and has planned to shift to the US by taking up a job there. However, he has not let his family in on his plans. The only person Cherry discusses his plan with are Asif Iqbal , the agent helping him with his passport and visa paperwork. Much later, he shares this with his close friend Meghna  — who has a very visible romantic interest in him  — she, however, feels hurt and angered by his choice to desert her and his family. Just when Cherry reveals his migration plans to his family, who are all disturbed by it, during a routine family visit to their land, they find the plot encroached upon by someone. Probing further reveals that the squatters are part of a property usurping nexus headed by the corrupt and powerful Kishan Khurana . Upon being urged so by the property dealer who had facilitated the purchase of the plot, Kamal Kishore and Bunty visit Khurana. Khurana places before them, a demand for Rs. 15 lacs  to vacate the plot, an amount which Khosla neither has nor agrees to pay. Kamal Kishore appeals to authorities and agencies, including the police, lawyers, political parties, NGOs and social activists for help. None of them offers more than to get the amount demanded by Khurana reduced by a few lacs, in exchange for a hefty commission for mediating, of course. Spurred by his father's helplessness, Bunty gets help from a gang of local strongmen  who demolish the boundary walls built by Khurana's men and take possession of the plot back by force. This success is short-lived as the corrupt Khurana has the police in his pocket and Kamal Kishore is arrested on trumped up charges of trespass. Released at Khurana's guileful behest after spending a day in the police lock-up, Khosla's will is broken and pride battered. After the catastrophic event Khosla tells his family  to avoid taking any further action as he is not capable of fighting back and wants Cherry to concentrate on the job that he's arranging abroad. Cherry discusses the grim situation with Asif Iqbal who is revealed to have been an old partner of Khurana's and who has been cheated by him, usurping Asif's own ancestral land. Asif offers to help the Khoslas with a group of Meghna's friends, turn the tables on Khurana and beat him at his own game, duping him Rs. 3.5 million in cash. From that money, Kamal Kishore pays a renegotiated 12 lacs to Khurana and gets possession of his plot back, and the remaining spoils are split between the Khoslas, Asif and Meghna's friends. The turmoil suffered throughout by the family and the victory of their efforts stirs emotions that bring Cherry close to Meghna and his family. Cherry scraps his plans of migrating to the US, marries Meghna and settles with his family in their new abode built on their plot. As an additional favour, his father allows him to change his name from Chironji Lal to Chirag. As for Khurana, he is left looking bitter, having finally tasted his own medicine."] ['A woman, Tome,  is born to a lower class family in Japan in 1918. The film is a metaphor for life in Japan through the middle twentieth century, including World War II. The title refers to an insect, repeating its mistakes, as in an infinite circle. Imamura, with this metaphor, introduces the life of Tome, who keeps trying to change her poor life. Tome is molested from childhood by her stepfather. As a young adult she moves from her rural village to find work in a factory, where she engages in an affair with her boss. She works later as a maid, and then as a prostitute.'] ['Alexander , a bearded poet, leaves his seaside apartment in Thessaloniki after learning he has a terminal illness and must enter a hospital the next day for an unspecified "test". He is trying to get his affairs in order and find a new master for his dog. Alexander saves a six- or seven-year-old boy who is a vagrant window washer from a band of policemen who are chasing down similar boys. He pays a visit to his thirtyish daughter , and musing on his likely dead wife, Anna , who appears as almost the same age as their daughter. At his daughter’s apartment, he does not tell her of his diagnosis, instead hands her letters written by his wife, her mother. She reads them. He learns that his daughter and her lover have sold his apartment for demolition without telling him. The boy is trying to leave Greece but the way to Albania is not exactly an easy one, Alexander sees at the snowy mountain border an eerie barbed wire fence with what seem to be bodies stuck to it. As the pair wait for the gate to open, they have a change of mind about crossing, when the boy admits has been lying about his life in Albania. The two of them barely escape a border sentry who chases them and make it back to Alexander\'s automobile. The boy’s perilous existence brings Alexander out of his stupor and self-pity, and seemingly re-energizes him in his love for a dead 19th century Greek poet, Dionysios Solomos , whose poem he longs to finish. The old poet and the boy are connected by fear. The former over what lies ahead, and if his life has had impact, and the latter over what lies ahead in his — especially a perilous return trip to Albania where, as he explains to Alexander, the path over the mountains is lined with land mines, as well as men who kidnap street boys to sell them for black market adopters . He pays a visit to his housekeeper, Urania . She is manifestly smitten with him, but is in the middle of a wedding party and dance between her son and his bride. The scene plays on until Alexander interrupts. He leaves the dog, and then the dance and music, which had stopped, resumes as if nothing had halted it. The boy goes to the ruins of a hospital, mourning another young boy, Selim, via a candlelight vigil, with dozens of other youths. The pair take a bus trip and encounter all sorts of people, from a tired political protester to an arguing couple to a classical music trio. They also look out the window as a trio of people on bicycles pedal by them, oddly dressed in bright yellow raincoats. The boy departs in the middle of the night, stowing aboard a huge, brightly lit ship whose destination is unknown. Alexander enters his old home. He looks about, exits out the back door, and into the sunny past where Anna and other friends are singing. They stop, ask him to join them, then they all dance, and soon, there is only the poet and his wife in motion. Then, she slowly pulls away, and he claims his hearing is gone. He also cannot see her, it seems. He calls out and asks how long tomorrow will be, after he has told her he refuses to go into the hospital, as planned. She tells him tomorrow will last eternity and a day.'] ["The film centers on the relationship of exotic dancer Angéla  and her lover Émile . Angéla wants to have a child, but Émile isn't ready. Émile's best friend Alfred  also says he loves Angéla, and keeps up a gentle pursuit. Angéla and Émile have their arguments about the matter; at one point, as they have decided not to speak with each other, they pull books from the shelf and, pointing to the titles, continue their argument. Since Émile stubbornly refuses her request for a child, Angéla finally decides to accept Alfred's plea and sleeps with him. Since she shows she will do what she needs to have a child, she and Émile finally make up so that he might have a chance to become the father."] ['Not long after coming to terms with his homosexuality, 17-year-old Gerardo has broken up with his first serious boyfriend. Trying to ease his pain he has a number of casual sexual encounters in Mexico City.'] ['The film\'s plot is often compared to Pier Paolo Pasolini\'s Teorema, in which a strange visitor to a wealthy family seduces the maid, the son, the mother, the daughter, and finally the father, before leaving a few days after, subsequently changing their lives.http://homepages.sover.net/~ozus/visitorq.htm The film starts off with a question: "Have you ever done it with your Dad?"; the viewer then sees Miki Yamazaki, a young prostitute, trying to persuade her father, Kiyoshi, into having sex with her. Her father is videotaping the scene for a documentary he is preparing on Japanese youths. Once it appears the father is letting himself be persuaded, she tells him the price . They have sex, the father ejaculates after a very short time and the disappointed daughter informs him it will be 100,000 Yen now, because of this. The father then realizes the camera has been on all along. In the next scene, called "Have you ever been hit on the head?", a man  hits the father over the head with a rock for no apparent reason. The film then moves on to a scene titled "Have you ever hit your mom?" In this scene, the mother is working on a jigsaw puzzle, and her hands are shown to have red marks, showing where she was beaten. Her young son, Takuya, comes in and starts throwing things at the already broken apartment walls because he is unhappy with the toothbrush his mother bought him. He then hits his mother with a rug beating stick. Later, bullies from the son\'s school come to the front of the house and shoot fireworks through the son\'s bedroom window. The mother is later seen injecting heroin. It does not seem to have a huge effect on her, though, suggesting she is a regular user. On his way back from work, the father is yet again hit on the head by the same man. They both arrive at the father\'s home and the mother serves them dinner. The father announces that the man will be staying with the family for a while. The son comes down while they are eating and starts beating the mother again. This does not surprise or bother the father, or the visitor. Later, the father is seen watching one of his old tapes, and it turns out that he was raped by a group of teenagers. The next day, the father is on his way to work when he sees his son being beaten and robbed by some children from school. He films it from a distance and appears very pleased with the footage. The mother, meanwhile, is getting ready for work. The viewer discovers her body is covered in marks from where the son has hurt her. She also has a limp. The father meets with a female co-worker who believes he is going too far in his work. The mother, working as a prostitute, is whipping a customer with a belt . She then goes to buy some drugs. When she gets home, she discovers the pieces from her jigsaw have been arranged so as to form a trail through the house and ending at a photograph of her daughter. The visitor is at home and he introduces her to lactation sex . The son sees this while hiding behind the door. At dinner, the mother is much happier than usual, and has prepared a nice meal. The son, however, is sullen and throws a bowl of hot soup at her face. The wife—instead of being downtrodden, as usual—comes back with a carving knife and throws it at the head of her son, who dodges just in time. Everyone is very pleased, except the son. However, the father becomes exhilarated when the schoolchildren start attacking his house with fireworks again, which he videotapes. Meanwhile, the mother and the visitor continue to eat peacefully. Next day, the son is bullied again. The father is taping his son from his car with the visitor and his female co-worker. The co-worker gets fed up with the father and tries to leave. The father follows her on foot and sexually assaults her while the visitor, emotionally neutral, tapes the scene. The father unintentionally chokes his victim to death. He takes her body back home and puts her in the greenhouse. The visitor is still taping, at the father\'s instruction. The father sends the visitor to get garbage bags from the mother. But when the visitor asks her for them she takes her clothes off and reveals she is dressed in a garbage bag. She then makes herself lactate and produces a rain of human milk that covers the floor while the visitor watches from underneath an umbrella. During this time, the husband is drawing on the woman’s body to mark the best places to cut it up so the smaller pieces will fit in the bags. He tapes this for his documentary. Becoming aroused, the father has sex with the dead body. He then notices she is getting wet and is amazed that this is possible for a dead woman. When he brings his hand up, however, it is covered in feces. He then discovers that his penis is stuck inside the corpse due to Rigor mortis. The mother comes out to help and rushes to the shop to buy lots of oils and vinegar. She empties the bottles into the bath with her husband and the corpse. This does not help, though, so she gives him a shot of heroin, which frees him. They are both exhilarated. The visitor has filmed the whole scene. Later on, the couple is having fun dismembering the female co-worker\'s corpse when the son turns up in the front yard with the same children beating him. The parents rush out and with great pleasure they finally kill all the bullies using the axes and knives they were using to cut the co-worker\'s body to pieces. Later, their son is shown lying on the floor in the puddle of maternal milk. He thanks the visitor for the chaos he brought to their family which helped them become closer than ever. The visitor leaves the family. Afterwards, finding the prostitute daughter on the street, he hits her in the face with a rock. Beaten and bleeding, she comes back home to the family and finds the father suckling on the mother\'s breast in the garden. The final shot of the movie is of the daughter suckling on her mother\'s other breast, symbolizing the return of family order. All scars on the mother have disappeared, as have those on the daughter, shown seconds before , suggesting a symbolically healed family.'] ['Fyodor Ivanovich is a doctor who lives with his son, Boris; his daughter, Irina; his mother; and his nephew, Mark. The film centers on Boris\'s girlfriend, Veronika, during World War II.The character of Veronica represents Soviet women in the context of the aftermath of the aforementioned war. The call to war sounds, and the country responds with great patriotic fervor. Boris volunteers to defend his homeland from the attackers, much to Veronika\'s sadness. He is killed in a swamp, while saving the life of a fellow soldier. However, he is listed as missing in action; neither Veronika nor his family learn that he has been killed. The German blitzkrieg then begins; people take refuge in the subway system underneath the city. During one attack, Veronika\'s parents refuse to leave their apartment; when Veronika returns, she finds that the building has been bombed. The entire apartment is gone and there is no sign of her parents. Fyodor Ivanovich invites Veronika to live with his family. Mark, who has been pursuing Veronika, is put in charge of keeping her company to lift her spirits. He is obviously in love with her, but she continually rejects him, waiting for Boris to return. However, during one bombing raid Veronika refuses to go down to the shelter and is left alone with Mark. This scene is unclear, but it appears that Mark rapes Veronika. She is then shamed into marrying him, and the rest of the family believes that she has betrayed Boris. The family is relocated with many other Russians further East to escape the German offensive. They live in a temporary community where Fyodor Ivanovich, Irina, and Veronika work in a military hospital. Mark spends his time partying and playing music; he and Veronika are both clearly unhappy in their marriage. One of the soldiers in the hospital becomes hysterical when he receives a letter saying that his girlfriend has left him; Fyodor Ivanovich admonishes the soldier to forget about her, since women who cannot wait for their men to return are not worth grieving. Veronika overhears the speech and becomes very upset, since she appears to be such a woman. Fyodor Ivanovich discovers that Mark\'s deferral from conscription was not because he was considered too talented to be drafted, as he has claimed, but because he bribed an official in Fyodor Ivanovich\'s name. Fyodor Ivanovich suddenly realizes that Mark has betrayed not only Russia, but the family as well, and has taken advantage of Veronika. Fyodor Ivanovich confronts Mark and kicks him out of the house, while Veronika is invited to stay and is forgiven by the family for "betraying" Boris. The man that Boris died trying to save comes in search of Boris\'s family to tell them the news. When Veronika finds out, she refuses to believe it, saying that Boris\'s friend Stepan, who volunteered with Boris, will know what happened to him. At the end of the war, when the soldiers return in a victory parade, Veronika finds Stepan and learns that Boris is indeed dead. However, the film ends on a hopeful note: Boris\'s friend Stepan makes a speech asserting that they will never forget those who died in the war, and that peace must be maintained.'] ["Antarnaad is a movie explaining the theory of the Swadhyay Movement run by P.P. Pandurangshastriji Athavale. It explains how to Spread the divine power of the Lord Bhagawan's message of Love through meeting all kinds & categories of people all over the country & communicate, make a friendly relation. As the relation moves on just motivate the people to remember to perform the God's heavenly service of Remembering him, Salute & thank him as well for this beautiful Life. Since that is the great power which run our daily BodyShores. Make those people so devout through their honest daily work of earning bread and butter & homeshores by accompanying them. Encourage them to do the Trikaaiasandhya, in order to remember the Lordly power & bow towards to Him. After waking up remember Him by chanting the mantras, before taking a meal thank Him for the food He has made for me to survive as well & before going to bed again remember Him by thanking for the day He brought for us. Always stay connected with that worldly power by any means, any time & also in any way, in order to become His darling desiple. So that these thing will definitely bring the peace of mind in this world of Noise. It leads the common people to become a calm & optimistic in all the situations he faces. The short-temperedness over the small issues goes so down & also the mental Support which is required to survive is increased day by day. In this Film it has been shown how to achieve the common man's trust & turn it to our Final goals of becoming a good, divine & well cultured Man. The main era of this movie is just to remember that Worldly power which serves us directly or indirectly in all the situations in Happy moods as well as in grief."] ['Disappointed by the marriage of her lover to a woman he does not love, prostitute Harumi drifts from the city to a remote Japanese outpost in Manchuria to work in a "comfort house," or brothel, during the Sino-Japanese war. The commanding adjutant there takes an immediate liking to the new girl, but she is at first fascinated, and comes to love, Mimaki, the officer\'s aide. At first he is haughty and indifferent to the girl, which enrages her, but they are drawn together eventually. Abused and manipulated by the adjutant, she grows to hate the officer and seeks solace in Mimaki\'s arms. They carry on a clandestine affair, which is a dangerous breech of code for both of them. Tragedy strikes when the Chinese attack the outpost, and Mimaki is severely wounded in a trench. Harumi runs to him and they are both captured by the enemy while he is unconscious. The Chinese dress his wounds and he is given the opportunity to withdraw with them; but as a Japanese soldier, he is bound by a code not to be captured at all, and only Harumi\'s intervention prevents him from killing himself. Once again in the custody of the Japanese, Harumi is sent back to the brothel, and Mimaki is to be court-martialed and executed in disgrace. During another attack on the outpost, he escapes with Harumi\'s aid, but instead of fleeing with her, he intends to blow himself up to clear his and his battalion\'s honor. She leaps on his body and they die together.'] ["A man finds a lost boy  in a war-torn village and brings him to his tenement. He tries to find someone to take care for him but no-one accepts the responsibility. The child eventually ends up with a sour widow Tané , despite her refusal. Their relationship doesn't develop well as Tané has no interest in being a mother again. After the boy disappears Tané realizes that she likes having him around after all."] ["Inspired by L'Astrée a 17th century major work by Honoré d'Urfé about a shepherd, Céladon, who is madly in love with the beautiful Astrée, who flees from him, convinced of his infidelity. The story is set in fifth-century druidic Gaul. It was filmed in Auvergne at Les Gorges de la Sioulle in May 2006."] ["After the establishing shot of Montluc prison, but before the opening credits, the camera rests on a plaque commemorating the 7,000 men who died there at the hands of the Nazis.  On the way to jail, Fontaine , a member of the French Resistance, seizes an opportunity to escape his Nazi captors when the car carrying him is forced to stop, but he is soon apprehended, beaten for his attempt, handcuffed and taken to the jail. At first he is incarcerated in a cell on the first floor of the prison, and he is able to talk to three French men who are exercising in the courtyard. The men obtain a safety pin for Fontaine, which gives him the ability to unlock his handcuffs. This turns out to be pointless because, in reassigning him to a cell on the top floor, the guards remove his handcuffs anyway. Once in cell 107 on the top floor, Fontaine begins inspecting the door and figures out that the boards are joined together with low quality wood. Using an iron spoon he deliberately neglects to return after a meal, he begins to chip away at the wood. After weeks of work, he is able to remove three boards from the door, roam the hallway, get back in his cell and restore the appearance of the door. Fontaine is not the only prisoner trying to escape. Orsini  makes an attempt, but fails to get very far because of the lack of hooks on his rope. Orsini is tossed back in his cell and beaten up by the guards, and is to be executed within a few days. Fontaine is not deterred from his plan; he makes hooks from the light-fitting in his cell. He then fashions himself ropes from old blankets and fastens the hooks to the rope with wires taken from his bed. The other prisoners grow somewhat skeptical of his escape plans, saying he is taking too long. After being taken to headquarters to be informed that he is sentenced to execution, Fontaine is taken back to jail and put back in the same cell. Soon he gets a cellmate, François Jost , a sixteen-year-old young man who had joined the German army. Fontaine is not sure whether he can trust Jost  and realizes he'll either have to kill him or take him with him in the escape. In the end, after Jost admits he too wants to escape, he chooses to trust the boy and tells him the plan. One night, they escape by gaining access to the roof of the building, roping down to the courtyard, killing the Nazi guard there, climbing the wall and then roping to an adjacent building. They walk away from the prison undetected, and the film ends."] ['A young novice named Viridiana  is about to take her vows when her uncle, Don Jaime , invites her to visit him. He is her only living relative, but she has only met him once and is reluctant to comply. Her Mother Superior pressures her into accepting. Don Jaime is a recluse, living on a neglected farm with only a couple of servants, Ramona  and Moncho, and Ramona\'s daughter Rita. When Don Jaime sees his niece, he is struck by her strong resemblance to his deceased wife. The night before she is to leave, Viridiana, grateful for her uncle\'s longtime financial support, reluctantly complies with his odd request and puts on his wife\'s wedding dress. When Ramona informs Viridiana that Don Jaime wants to marry her, she is aghast, and Don Jaime seems to drop the idea. However, Ramona secretly drugs her drink. He carries the unconscious woman to her room with the intention of raping her, but at the last moment decides otherwise. The next morning, he lies and tells her that he took her virginity, and therefore she cannot go back to her convent. When she is undeterred, he then confesses he lied, leaving her uncertain what happened that night. At the bus stop, the authorities prevent her from leaving. Her uncle has hanged himself, leaving his property to Viridiana and his illegitimate son, Jorge . Deeply disturbed, Viridiana decides not to return to the convent. Instead, she collects some beggars and installs them in an outbuilding. She devotes herself to the moral education and feeding of this exceedingly motley group. Disgusted, Moncho departs. Jorge moves into the house with his girlfriend, Lucia, and starts renovating the rundown place. Lucia senses that he, like his father, lusts after Viridiana, and leaves after a while. Jorge then makes a pass at Ramona, who is not unwilling. When Viridiana and Jorge leave for a couple of days to take care of some business, the paupers break into the house, initially just planning to look around. But, faced with such bounty, things degenerate into a drunken, riotous party, to the strains of Handel\'s Messiah. Posing for a photo around the table, the beggars resemble the figures in Da Vinci\'s Last Supper. The rightful owners return earlier than expected to find the house a shambles. The miscreants excuse themselves one by one and leave. Jorge confronts a beggar, who pulls a knife on him. When the man starts assaulting Viridiana, Jorge tries to rescue her, but another beggar strikes him in the head with a bottle, knocking him out. Viridiana resists being violated long enough for Jorge to regain consciousness. He has been tied up, but manages to bribe one beggar into killing the would-be rapist. The police then arrive to restore order. Viridiana is a changed woman. The child Rita burns her crown of thorns. Wearing her hair loosely, Viridiana knocks on Jorge\'s door, but finds Ramona with Jorge in his bedroom. With Ashley Beaumont singing Shimmy Doll on the record player, Jorge tells Viridiana that they were only playing cards, and urges her to join them, stating "Cousin, I knew you would someday shuffle the cards".'] ['After years of painstaking research at the cost of his personal life, Dr. Dipankar Roy  discovers a vaccine for leprosy. The news is flashed over television and overnight, an insignificant junior doctor receives international recognition. Professional jealousy and abuse of power threaten Dr. Roy, even as the Secretary of Health reprimands him for breaking the news to the press. He is asked to report to the Director of Health. Professional colleagues Dr. Arijit Sen and Dr. Ramananda invite him to a lecture but it is merely a pretence to humiliate him. Dr. Roy suffers a mild heart attack but he refuses to go to the hospital. His wife  and a few others like Dr. Kundu and Amulya ([[Irfan Khan  stand by Dr. Roy, but the harassment continues; a letter from a British foundation, John Anderson Foundation, is suppressed and Dr. Roy transferred to a remote village. The last straw is two American doctors receiving credit for discovering the same vaccine. Dr. Roy is shattered.However, at the end Dr. Roy gets an invitation from John Anderson Foundation inviting him to be a part of an eminent group of scientists working on other diseases . Dipankar Roy realizes that his research was fruitful. He also decides to accept the invitation as he just wants to work for the betterment of mankind.'] ["Shukichi Sugiyama  works in a bank in Tokyo. His eldest daughter Takako , with her toddler girl, is staying with him, running away from an unhappy marriage. Takako's younger sister Akiko  searches for her boyfriend Kenji in various locations. While looking for Kenji in a mahjong parlour, Akiko meets its proprietress Kikuko , who knows a lot about her family. Akiko meets Kenji and tells him she is pregnant. She arranges to meet Kenji in a cafe but he does not come, and she is picked up by the police. Takako pieces together that Kikuko is their long-lost mother and visits the parlour to ask Kikuko not to reveal to Akiko who she really is. Akiko has an abortion but does not tell Takako, borrowing the money from a family friend. Akiko learns that Takako visited the mahjong parlour. She works out that Kikuko is their mother, who ran away with another man when Akiko was still a toddler. Akiko suspects she is not her father's real daughter. She confronts Kikuko. Kikuko tells her that she is her father's daughter. She breaks into tears and leaves. She goes to a bar and then a restaurant and drinks heavily. Kenji appears and tries to apologize. Akiko hits him and runs out, and is hit by a train at an intersection just outside the restaurant. The restaurant owner stays with Akiko in the hospital. Shukichi and Takako arrive. Akiko says that she does not want to die, but start life over again. In the next scene, Takako visits Kikuko and tells her Akiko is dead, and blames Kikuko. Kikuko decides to leave Tokyo. She goes to the Sugiyamas to pay condolences but Takako does not let her in. Takako does not go to send her off at the railway station. Takako tells her father that she is going back to her husband to try to make their marriage work again because she does not want her daughter to become like Akiko. In the last scene, Shukichi leaves for work, with Takako not present."] ["Antoine Doinel  is a 12-year old boy growing up in Paris during the early 1950s. Misunderstood at home by his parents and tormented in school by his insensitive teacher , Antoine frequently runs away from both places. The boy finally quits school after being accused of plagiarism by his teacher. He steals a typewriter from his father's  work place to finance his plans to leave home. The father angrily turns Antoine over to the police, who lock the boy up with hardened criminals. Antoine spends the night in jail, sharing a cell with prostitutes and thieves. During an interview with the judge, Antoine’s mother confesses that Antoine’s father is not his biological father. Antoine is placed in an observation center for troubled youths near the shore . A psychiatrist at the center probes Antoine's unhappiness, which he reveals in a fragmented series of monologues. One day, while playing football with the other boys, Antoine escapes under a fence and runs away to the ocean, a place he has wanted to visit his entire life. He reaches the shoreline of the sea and runs into it. The film concludes with a freeze-frame of Antoine, and then the camera zooms in on his face, looking into the camera."] ["Omkara Shukla or Omi  is a bahubali, a sort of political enforcer. He is the leader of a gang which carries out political crimes for the local politician Tiwari Bhaisaab . Ishwar 'Langda' Tyagi  and Keshav 'Kesu Firangi' Upadhyay  are his closest lieutenants. The movie starts with Langda Tyagi hijacking a baraat and challenging Rajju , the bridegroom, to try and stop Omkara from abducting the bride, Dolly Mishra . Rajju fails and the wedding never takes place. Dolly’s father Advocate Raghunath Mishra , mostly referred in the movie as vakeel saab , is furious and confronts Omi. He puts a gun to Omi’s head and demands the return of his daughter. Bhaisaab, the political boss, intervenes and resolves the conflict by mentioning the current political conditions and prevents bloodshed. Still unconvinced, Raghunath grieves to Bhaisaab the next day. To bring a final solution to this issue, Dolly is made to appear in front of her father and clarify that she eloped with Omi rather than being abducted forcefully. She also tells the events of how she fell in love with Omkara. The father leaves feeling betrayed and ashamed. After some crafty political arm-twisting, involving a MMS sex scandal, Omkara eliminates a powerful electoral rival. Bhaisaab is elected for parliament and Omkara is promoted from bahubali to the candidate for the upcoming state elections. Omkara appoints Kesu over Langda as his successor once he enters politics himself. Langda, disappointed with Omkara's poor judgment and jealous of Kesu, his younger, less-experienced, superior; hatches a plot to avenge both his offenders. He first causes a violent brawl between Kesu and Rajju by taking advantage of Kesu's low threshold for alcohol. Such irresponsible behaviour by Kesu infuriates Omi, who now starts having doubts over his decision.  On the one hand, playing the role of a concerned friend, Langda convinces Kesu to appeal to Dolly, Omi's lover and bride-to-be to mollify Omi. On the other hand, he starts to disrepute Dolly by implicating Kesu's visits to her as an illicit love affair between the two. A kamarbandh carelessly dropped by Dolly and stolen by Langda’s wife Indu , which eventually reaches Billo Chamanbahar  as a gift from Kesu, plays an important part in the plot, as evidence of Dolly’s infidelity. During the climax, on the night of their wedding, Omi is convinced that Dolly and Kesu have been having an affair behind his back. In utter rage, he smothers his new wife to death. Langda shoots Kesu with a silent approval from Omi. Kesu is hit with a bullet on his arm. Hearing gunshots and in shock, Indu enters the room where Omi is sitting next to Dolly’s corpse in remorse. Indu notices the kamarbandh and confesses to stealing it, they both understand the fatal misunderstanding and Langda as its root cause. In retribution, Indu slashes Langda's throat and Omi commits suicide. The movie closes with Omi lying dead on the floor and Dolly’s dead body swinging above him, while Kesu looks on."] ['Ankur is a film that analyzes human behavior in general and heavily stresses characterization . The story revolves around two characters, Lakshmi and Surya. Ankur is also there. Lakshmi  lives in a village with her husband Kishtayya , a deaf-mute Dalit alcoholic potter who communicates using gestures. At the beginning of the film, during a village festival, she claims  that her only desire is to have a child. Surya , the son of the village landlord, has just finished his studies in the nearby city of Hyderabad. Surya\'s father  has a mistress named Kaushalya to whom, he claims, he "gave the best land in the village." They have an illegitimate son named Pratap. The landlord forces his legitimate son into a child marriage with Saru . Because Surya must wait until Saru "comes of age," he begins to feel sexually frustrated. He is then forced to administer his share of land in the village. He is to stay in an old house, and Lakshmi and Kishtayya are to act as his servants. Not long after his arrival, he begins introducing a number of measures . For example, on his second day in the village, Surya  has Lakshmi cook his meals and make tea. This disappoints the village priest, who is accustomed to delivering food to the landowner, though at a higher price than Lakshmi asks. On the same day, Surya also hires Kishtayya to ride his bullock cart and go on errands. The following day, he has Kishtayya collect fertilizer from the landlord\'s house. Surya uses Kishtayya\'s absence to try to flirt with Lakshmi but fails. In the meantime, the villagers gossip, and many  believe that Surya has already slept with Lakshmi and will treat her the same way the landlord treated Kaushalya: try to conceal the scandal by giving the mistress a plot of land. Kishtayya is caught stealing toddy, after which he is publicly humiliated. He then leaves the village one night. In his absence, Surya and Lakshmi sleep together. A few days later, Saru arrives at the village. Saru does not approve of Lakshmi\'s presence, partly because Lakshmi is a Dalit and partly because Saru has heard the villagers\' rumors. The next morning, Lakshmi begins suffering from morning sickness. Saru sacks her, claiming that she is too sick to work. Many days later, Kishtayya returns, having cured himself of his alcoholism and made some money. Lakshmi is overwhelmed with a feeling of guilt, because she believes that she has betrayed her husband. On discovering Lakshmi\'s pregnancy, he salutes the village goddess at her temple. He then decides to try to ride the bullock cart again but carries a stick as he approaches Surya. Surya sees Kishtayya and mistakenly believes that Kishtayya is seeking revenge from him. Surya has three men hold Kishtayya and then proceeds to whip him with a rope used for lynching. The commotion attracts others  to the scene, and Lakshmi rushes to defend her husband. She angrily curses Surya, then slowly returns home with Kishtayya. In the final scene, after the others have left, a child throws a stone at Surya\'s glass window and runs away, and this is the \'Seedling\'.Shyam Benegal at filmreference'] ["The film is set in a small village in Rajasthan, India. It tells the story of a woman named Shanichari, who was abandoned by her mother shortly after her father's death. Bad fortune follows as she marries an alcoholic, who leaves her with little hope of a brighter future for herself and her mentally challenged son. Throughout Shanichari's lifetime of misfortune she has never cried. This creates great difficulty once she is called to become a rudaali until Bhinkni, an experienced mourner, enters her life.Rudaali Production Details | Box Office - Yahoo! Movies Shanichari and the local landlord's son fall in love with each other, but Shanichari is reluctant to ask the rich lover for money as she does not want to lower her love even for the sake of getting out of poverty and misery."] ['American film producer Jeremy Prokosch  hires respected Austrian director Fritz Lang  to direct a film adaptation of Homer\'s Odyssey. Dissatisfied with Lang\'s treatment of the material as an art film, Prokosch hires Paul Javal , a novelist and playwright, to rework the script. The conflict between artistic expression and commercial opportunity parallels Paul\'s sudden estrangement from his wife Camille Javal , who becomes aloof with Paul after being left alone with Prokosch, a millionaire playboy. While founded on Alberto Moravia\'s story of the progressive estrangement between a husband and wife, Godard\'s version also contains deliberate parallels with aspects of his own life: while Paul, Camille, and Prokosch correspond to Ulysses, Penelope, and Poseidon, respectively, they also correspond in some ways with Godard, his wife Anna Karina , and Joseph E. Levine, the film\'s distributor. At one point, Bardot dons a black wig which gives her a resemblance to Karina. Michel Piccoli also bears some resemblance to Brigitte Bardot\'s ex-husband, the filmmaker Roger Vadim. Also notable in the film is a discussion of Dante – particularly Canto XXVI of Inferno, about Ulysses\' last fatal voyage beyond the Pillars of Hercules to the other side of the world – and Friedrich Hölderlin\'s poem, "Dichterberuf" .'] ['A stylish, very attractive young woman, Celestine , arrives from Paris to become chambermaid for an odd family at their country chateau. The period is mid-1930s, and the populace is astir with extremist politics, right and left. The Monteil\'s household consists of a childless couple, the frigid wife\'s elderly, genteel father, and several servants, including Joseph the driver/groundskeeper  who\'s a rightist, nationalist, anti-Semitic, violent man. The wife  runs a rigidly tidy house; she would like to please her virile husband physically, but cannot, due to pelvic "pain." M. Monteil (Michel Piccoli} amuses himself by hunting small game and pursuing all the females within range &ndash; the previous chambermaid seems to have left pregnant and had to be "bought off." The wife\'s father amuses himself with his collection of racy postcards and novels, and a closet full of women\'s shoes and boots, that he likes his chambermaids to model. Their next-door neighbor  is a burly, retired Army officer, with a chubby maid/mistress , and a violent streak of his own &ndash; he likes to throw refuse and stones over the fence, to the great annoyance of M. Monteil. Celestine almost immediately finds her role in the house completely defined by the sexual proclivities of the other characters, and she proceeds to use her own considerable sexual assets to accomplish her goals. The elderly father, M. Rabour , is found dead in bed, dissheveled, clutching some boots that Celestine had worn earlier that evening; and Celestine decides to leave the job the next day. Previously, however, she had become motherly and protective of a sweet pre-pubescent girl named Claire  who visited the house; after the girl\'s raped and mutilated body is found in a nearby wood, Celestine decides to stay on at the job, in order to get revenge on the murderer. She quickly finds reason to suspect the groundskeeper Joseph. She seduces and promises to marry him and join him to run a cafe in Cherbourg, so he will confess the crime to her, which he does not. She then contrives and plants evidence to implicate him in the girl\'s murder. He is arrested, but eventually released for lack of solid evidence, although there is a suggestion that the real reason is his nativist political activism. Meanwhile Celestine agrees to marry the elderly ex-Army-officer neighbor, and after the marriage, we see him serving her breakfast in bed and obeying her commands. The final scene shows a crowd of nationalistic men marching past the Cherbourg cafe run by Joseph, who is shouting rightist slogans.'] ['The drama is study of a rural Italian family led north to Milan by the matriarch . Presented in five distinct sections, the film weaves the story of Vincenzo, Simone, Rocco, Ciro and Luca as they struggle to adapt to life in a large, impersonal city. The plot revolves around the prostitute, Nadia , who is pursued and desired by both Simone and Rocco . The pivotal scene in the film comes when Simone rapes Nadia in front of Rocco, who then gives her up to his brother out of a tragic, misplaced desire to do whatever it takes to keep his family whole. In typical fashion for a director known for helping build Italian neorealism, the film ends with no substantive resolution, but with clouds of doom hanging over the family. During shooting, the film was seized and Visconti asked to delete the scenes showing Nadia\'s rape and murder. Visconti was not vindicated until a court judgement of 1966.Buss, Robin. Italian Films, "Rocco and His Brothers," page 142. London: Anchor Press Ltd. ISBN 0-7134-5900-X.'] ['The fourth installment in François Truffaut’s chronicle of the ardent, anachronistic Antoine Doinel, Bed and Board plunges his hapless creation once again into crisis. Expecting his first child and still struggling to find steady employment, Doinel  involves himself in a relationship with a beautiful Japanese woman that threatens to destroy his marriage. Lightly comic, with a touch of the burlesque, Bed and Board is a bittersweet look at the travails of young married life and the fine line between adolescence and adulthood.'] ["Michel  goes to a horse race and steals some money from a spectator. He leaves the racetrack confident he was not caught when he's suddenly arrested. The inspector  releases Michel because the evidence is not strong enough; Michel says it's not a crime to have cash. Michel soon falls in with a small group of professional pickpockets, who teach him their trade and invite him to join them on highly-coordinated pickpocketing sprees in crowded public areas. Visiting his mother, Michel meets Jeanne  who begs him to visit his mother more often. His friend Jacques goes on a date with Jeanne and invites Michel along. But after stealing a watch, Michel leaves Jacques and Jeanne at the carnival. While in a bar the inspector asks Michel to show him a book by George Barrington about pickpocketing at the station on a convenient morning, and Michel goes down to the police station with it. Once there, the inspector barely glances at the book. Michel goes back to his apartment realizing that it was all just a ruse to search his apartment. However, the cops failed to find his stash of money. Michel's mother dies, and he goes to the funeral with Jeanne. Later, the inspector visits Michel in his apartment, and tells him that his mother had had some money stolen, but later dropped the charges, probably knowing the thief was her son. The inspector leaves without arresting Michel, who decides to leave the country. He tries hard to make an honest living, but throws his earnings away on alcohol and women. Returning to France, Michel returns to Jeanne, who has had a child by Jacques but did not want to marry him and is now left with nothing. Michel begins to work again to support her, but gives into temptation and goes back to steal at the horse track, where he is caught by a plainclothes policeman. Jeanne regularly goes to visit him in jail. On one such visit, Michel realizes he is in love with her."] ['Leo , is the eldest of four brothers. Marcel , age 10, is the youngest. With their young parents, they are a happy and close-knit family. One evening, Marcel overhears his family discussing the news that Leo is HIV-positive. They all agree to protect Marcel from the news, even though Leo wants to tell his little brother, not only that he has HIV, but that he is gay. The family continues pretending everything is fine to Marcel, but the young boy is devastated and starts behaving badly. Marcel wants the truth, but neither his parents nor his brothers can bring themselves to speak openly about it. Marcel is just on the edge of puberty and is sometimes childish and sometimes mature and sensitive. When he is excluded from a midnight ocean swim by his brothers, he follows them to the beach demanding to be included. Leo takes Marcel off to Paris so that he can visit an old boyfriend and explain both himself and his situation to his young brother. Marcel understands that Leo is very unhappy with his situation, and sees him decide to stop taking his medication. Leo cannot cope with the stress and puts Marcel on a train back home to Brittany, asking the boy to lighten the atmosphere back home.'] ["Sansho the Bailiff is a jidai-geki, or historical film, set in the Heian period of feudal Japan. A virtuous governor is banished by a feudal lord to a far-off province. His wife and children are sent to live with her brother. Several years later, the wife, Tamaki , and children, Zushio and Anju, journey to his exiled land, but are tricked on the journey by a hypocritical priestess and sold into slavery and prostitution. The mother is sold to Sado. The children are sold by slave traders to a manorial estate in which slaves are brutalized, working under horrific conditions and are branded whenever they try to escape. The estate, protected under the Minister of the Right, is administered by the eponymous Sansho , a bailiff . Sansho's son Taro , the second-in-charge, is a much more humane master, and he convinces the two they must survive in the manor before they can escape to find their father. The children grow to young adulthood at the slave camp. Anju  still believes in the teachings of her father, which advocate treating others with humanity, but Zushio  has repressed his humanity, becoming one of the overseers who punishes other slaves, in the belief that this is the only way to survive. Anju hears a song from a new slave girl from Sado which mentions her and her brother in the lyrics. This leads her to believe their mother is still alive. She tries to convince Zushio to escape, but he refuses, citing the difficulty and their lack of money. Zushio is ordered to take Namiji, an older woman, out of the slave camp to be left to die in the wilderness due to her sickness. Anju accompanies them, and while they break branches to provide covering for the dying woman they recall their earlier childhood memories. At this point Zushio changes his mind and asks Anju to escape with him to find their mother. Anju asks him to take Namiji with him, convincing her brother she will stay behind to distract the guards. Zushio promises to return for Anju. However, after Zushio's escape, Anju commits suicide by walking into a lake, drowning herself so that she will not be tortured and forced to reveal her brother's whereabouts. After Zushio escapes in the wilderness, he finds his old mentor, Taro - Sansho’s son - at an Imperial temple. Zushio asks Taro to take care of Namiji, who is recovering after being given medicine, so that he can go to Kyoto to appeal to the Chief Advisor on the appalling conditions of slaves. Taro writes him a letter as proof of who he is. Although initially rejecting to see him, the Chief Advisor realizes the truth after seeing a statuette from Zushio. He then tells Zushio that his exiled father died the year before and offers Zushio the post of the governor of Tango, the very province where Sansho's manor is situated in. As Governor of Tango the first thing Zushio does is to order an edict forbidding slavery both on public and private grounds. No one believes he can do this, since Governors have no command over private grounds; although Sansho offers initial resistance , Zushio orders him and his minions arrested, thus freeing the slaves. When he looks for Anju among Sansho's slaves, he finds out his sister has sacrificed herself for his freedom. The manor is burned down by the ex-slaves, while Sansho and his family are exiled. To appease the Ministry for doing something so radical, Zushio resigns immediately afterwards, stating that he has done exactly what he aims to do. Zushio leaves for Sado where he searches for his aged mother, who he believes is still a courtesan. After hearing a man state that she has died in a tsunami, he goes to the very beach she is supposed to have died. He finds a nearly blind, decrepit old woman sitting at the beach singing the same song he heard years before. Realizing she is his mother, he reveals to her his identity, but Tamaki assumes he is a trickster until he gives her their statuette. Zushio tells her both Anju and their father have died, and apologizes for not coming for her in the pomp of his governor's post. Instead he followed his father's proverb and chose mercy toward others  by freeing the slaves held by Sansho, among other kind deeds. He tells his mother he has been true to his father's teachings. The film ends with her poignant acknowledgement."] ['A meditative film dealing with Seon Buddhist views on life, Why Has Bodhi-Dharma Left for the East? follows the lives of three Buddhist monks: a child, an adult, and an old man.Synopsis from {{cite web}} This film is largely about two Zen koans. The koans are: What is my original face before my mother and father were conceived?, and  where does the master of my being go? The film\'s title, although not explained literally in the film, is a reference to Bodhidharma, a 6th century Buddhist monk from India who transmitted Zen to China. The question, "Why has Bodhi-Dharma left for the east," is echoed by the young boy\'s question, "Why have we all left the world?" The entire film can be seen as an answering of that question, so that the film itself becomes a koan. The three main protagonists are Haejin, an orphan boy, Kibong, a young monk, and Hyegok, a Zen master. Haejin injures a bird while bathing. Its mate does not leave the bird, but stays around, as if to see what becomes of its mate. Heijin takes the injured bird away to heal it, but it dies later in the film. The movie then cuts to a scene in which an ox breaks through a confining fence and escapes to the forest. The ox represents Kibong\'s need to escape, as well as his own blind passions. The ox, like the young man, escapes its confinement but isn\'t truly free. It seems free, but really is still subject to its own desires. The young man also escapes the confinement of the world, but is still plagued by his own blind passions. The ox can also be seen as representing the blind passions of the young boy, escaping the walls of his humanity and running amok. The abbot instructs a young monk  to assist a Zen master living alone in the mountains. The young monk has renounced his life of hardship in search of peace and perfection. The Zen master is a recluse, living in a monastery on a high mountain, and has come to realise the vanity of knowledge. He also knows the secret of everlasting peace. Dogged by chilblains , he tries to lead others to the same realisation, a realisation which comes only with ardent devotion, not simply through knowledge or worship. The old Master mainly tries to communicate his Way through the use of koans - Zen riddles with no absolute answers. The first koan is: What is my original face before my father and mother were conceived? The second koan is, When the moon takes over in your heart , where does the master of my being go? He instructs the young monk to "hold the koan between his teeth" and to solve them. In solving the koans, the old Master tells the young monk that he will find an unshakeable peace. The young monk takes leave of the old monk and goes to town, where he buys medicine for the old man with alms from begging. He also visits his blind mother, who is having a hard time tending to herself. The young monk returns to the monastery, disillusioned and appalled at his own selfishness in renouncing his destiny, which was to serve his mother and family. He returns to the old monk and communicates his desire to go back to life, to embrace the filth of humanity and face the turmoil of day-to-day existence in the swarm of people. He is severely reprimanded by the monk, who however does not prevent him. The young monk leaves the monastery to return to his old life, but is caught in a flash flood and nearly drowned. He is found sitting on a rock in the middle of rapids by Haejin. The young monk is then rescued by his Master. When the young monk regains consciousness, he is informed by the boy that his Master had been in meditation for quite a while and is severely ill. Kibong realizes that the Master has traded his own life to save him. Deeply moved, he visits the old Master, who extracts a promise from Kibong to perform his last rites as the old man wishes. His wish is for his body to be burned on top of the hill so that he can return to his original place. News of a festivity on the approaching full-moon day reaches Kibong, who wishes to attend it with the boy. Hyegok, apparently feeling better, gives them leave, assuring Kibong that he would manage well by himself. The old man also asks them to bring enough kerosene for him. At the festival, Kibong and Heijin watch the enthralling dance, while it is made known that the dancer is none other than the old monk himself, in another form. In his monastery, he is slowly making preparations himself. On a bright full-moon night, Heijin and Kibong make their way back. On returning to the monastery, the boy smells burnt medicine; they quickly discover that the old man is dead. True to his promise, with the true meaning and meaninglessness of death, possession, desire and vanity dawning on him every passing instant, Kibong stuffs the dead body in a wooden chest and slowly starts a difficult trek up the hillside. He carries the chest on a firewood pack – presumably the same pack the young monk had used at the beginning of the film to haul firewood to the monastery. The meaning here is, in death, the body is no different than firewood. This idea was stated earlier by the old man when he told the little boy that the boy\'s extracted tooth is no different than a pebble in the road. By nightfall, the young monk reaches the burial ground. He tries to light the pyre, but there is a light drizzle and he can\'t get it started. He suddenly remembers his master\'s words about the kerosene. He goes back to the monastery and collects the kerosene. He then returns to the burial ground and sets fire to the coffin. He spends the night by the side of the burning body, tortured by his feelings and coming to the full realization of death. Looking around the burning body, we see the ox and the young boy. Both seem transfixed by the blaze. Even the blind passions and foolishness of youth are subdued in death. In the morning, after the funeral pyre has burned down, we see the young monk kneeling and sifting his fingers through the ashes. In this scene, the young monk is fully encountering the true realization of death. He seems to be looking for something in the ashes, and finds the last few remaining bones of his former master. Presumably, these few small bones are the “master” of the old man\'s being. They are what is left after everything else is burned away. They are death. The young monk collects these bones and grinds them to powder with a stone. He then walks through the forest, scattering the powdered bones over water, earth, trees and plants. When the young monk scatters the old man\'s powdered bones, he returns the old man to his original place, as the old man had said must happen. The old man\'s original place is everywhere, just as his original face is everything. With this realization, the young monk finally solves the koans and attains the unshakeable peace the old man had spoken about. He then returns to the monastery. Seeking out Heijin, he entrusts the boy with the Master\'s few remaining possessions. He then takes his leave. In a magnificent final sequence, we see the boy coming of age: In a play scene, the young boy re-enacts the previous night\'s event by burning the old man\'s few personal belongings. The boy has done in miniature what the young monk had done the night before. In this act, the boy remembers the old man\'s teachings and comes to understand the nature of impermanence. He wakes up the next day and goes to the stream to collect water. As usual the dead bird\'s companion chirps to distract him , but this time the boy does not even notice it. Understanding impermanence, his education is complete. He enters the Master\'s room and closes it after him. An old Master has died and a new Master makes his beginning. The bird flies away, liberated. The wandering ox  returns with a man , walking beside him in sunlight. It too has found peace. Rather than having to face the choice between confinement or escape, the blind passions now walk alongside the human. Both the human and the passions find their true place.'] [" The story revolves around Harish Mishra , a retired Shakespearean theatre actor who spent precisely thirty years and nine months on stage and then suddenly quit, and his first and last act as a cinema artist. He is immensely passionate about Shakespeare, believes that nothing even comparable can ever be written, knows all his plays by heart, lives in those stories, condemns modern cinema and considers theatre as a much higher artform for directors and actors to convey their message to an audience. It is Diwali, a time when box offices are flooded with new releases and Shabnam  has to attend the premiere of her latest movie: The Mask. However, she decides to visit her co-star Harish and heads to a cubbyhole of old Kolkata where Harish is bedridden in a coma. He is being taken care by Vandana  and a nurse, Ivy . Vandana treats Shabnam with spite as she blames her and the entire cast and crew for Harish's condition. But soon they are seen bonding over tea and are involved in a conversation about Harish. In flashbacks, their story and equation with Harish emerges. The movie sees parallel narration from Goutam , a journalist who recalls his encounters with the veteran actor. He had suggested Harish for the lead role to his elder brother Siddharth  who happens to be an ambitious perfectionist director. After a casual meeting with Harish, Siddharth realizes that to convince Harish to act in his film, he has to win his trust and establish a relationship with him. And, hence, the impatient young auteur attempts to win the trust and collaboration of the aged performer, who sits raging against the modern world from the sanctuary of his study. Sporting a silver mane, Bachchan is irresistible &mdash; vain, forceful and impetuous. He trumpets the superiority of Shakespeare over anything modern cinema can ever create. Harish finally agrees to act in the film. Shooting happens on the stunning Himalayan foothills of Mussoorie. On the sets he befriends Shabnam and teaches her lessons on acting, life and Shakespeare. As the story unfolds one gets to know his relationship with Vandana, the reason behind his quitting theatre and last but not the least the reason for his illness. The Last Lear becomes a captivating reflection on the comparative artifices of stagecraft and cinema."] ["An American film director of Greek descent named A., portrayed by Willem Dafoe, goes back to find the tracks in time across many countries he and his family left from the day he was born in 1953 until the present . The dust of time confuses memoriesOfficial Dust of Time website. The film describes the erotic triangle between the director's mother Eleni , Jacob  and Spyros ."] ['Six-year-old Ana is a shy girl who lives in the manor house in an isolated Spanish village on the Castilian plateau with her parents Fernando and Teresa and her older sister, Isabel. The year is 1940, and the civil war has just ended with the Francoist victory over the Republican forces. Her aging father spends most of his time absorbed in tending to and writing about his beehives; her much younger mother is caught up in daydreams about a distant lover, to whom she writes letters. The entire family is never seen together in a single shot. Ana\'s closest companion is Isabel, who loves her but cannot resist playing on her little sister\'s gullibility. At the beginning of the film, a mobile cinema brings Frankenstein to the village and the two sisters go to see it. Ana finds the film more interesting than frightening, particularly the scene where the monster plays benignly with a little girl, then accidentally kills her. She asks her sister, "Why did he kill the girl, and why did they kill him after that?" Isabel tells her that the monster didn\'t kill the girl and isn\'t really dead; she says that everything in films is fake. Isabel says the monster is like a spirit, and Ana can talk to him if she closes her eyes and calls him: "It\'s me, Ana". Ana\'s fascination with the story increases when Isabel takes her to a desolate abandoned sheepfold, which she claims is the monster\'s house. Ana returns alone many times to look for him but finds only a large footprint. One day, Isabel screams from a distant part of the house, and when Ana comes to investigate, she lies perfectly still on the floor, pretending to be dead. That night, Ana sneaks out and while looking at the night sky, closes her eyes. In the next scene, a fugitive republican soldier leaps from a passing train and limps to the sheepfold to hide. Ana finds the soldier hiding in the sheepfold. Instead of running away in terror, she feeds him and even brings him her father\'s coat and watch. This odd, wordless friendship ends abruptly when the Francoist police come in the night, find the republican soldier and shoot him. The police soon connect Ana\'s father with the fugitive and assume he stole the items from him. The father discovers which of the daughters had helped the fugitive by noticing Ana\'s reaction when he produces the pocket watch she had given to him. When Ana next goes to visit him, she finds him gone and fresh blood on the ground. Her father confronts her as she gazes at the blood, and she runs away. While she is wandering in the woods alone that night, she finds a poisonous mushroom her father previously said will kill anyone who eats it. It is not clear if she does so but she later has a vision of the monster; he gazes sadly at her, as in the 1931 film, and kneels beside her as she looks down into water. We see Teresa read and burn a letter, implying the love affair is over. A search party finds Ana physically unharmed the next morning, but she withdraws from her family, refusing to speak or eat. The doctor assures her mother that she will gradually forget the shock she\'s just experienced. Teresa is shown caring for Fernando after he falls asleep at his desk. At the end of the film, Ana recalls what Isabel said about calling the monster, and she stands alone by her bedroom window and closes her eyes.'] ["Placed in the early 1930s, Diksha is the story of a guru and his widowed daughter, the head disciple and the novice; the lowly-born 'Koga' who dreams of learning the intricacy of scriptures. In a weaker moment during the long absence of her father, the young widow falls to the temptation of the flesh. The lover is not ready to accept the responsibility. The widow is forced to abort. In the ensuing commotion the father is called back. He is forced to give his decision. He pronounces her dead and performs her 'Ghata-Shraddha' . While the Brahmin society praises the guru, individuals revolt. The head disciple leaves the town; the child-novice goes back to his parents; and the Koga refuses the 'heaven' and 'salvation'."] ["A wealthy executive named Kingo Gondo  is in a struggle to gain control of a company called National Shoes. One faction wants the company to make cheap, low quality shoes for the impulse market while Gondo wants it to stick with sturdy but unfashionable shoes. Gondo believes that the long-term future of the company will be best served by well made shoes with modern styling, though this plan is unpopular because it means lower profits in the short term. He has secretly set up a leveraged buyout to gain control of the company, mortgaging all he has. Just as he is about to put his plan into action, he receives a phone call from someone claiming to have kidnapped his son, Jun. Gondo is prepared to pay the ransom, but the call is dismissed as a prank when Jun comes in from playing outside. However, Jun's playmate, Shinichi, the child of Gondo's chauffeur, is missing and the kidnappers have mistakenly abducted him instead. In another phone call the kidnapper reveals that he has discovered his mistake but still demands the same ransom. Gondo is now forced to make a decision about whether to pay the ransom to save the child or complete the buyout. After a long night of contemplation Gondo announces that he will not pay the ransom, explaining that doing so would not only mean the loss of his position in the company, but cause him to go into debt and throw the futures of his wife and son into jeopardy. His plans are weakened when his top aide warns the others in return for promotion. Finally, under pressure from his wife and the chauffeur, Gondo decides to pay the ransom. Following the kidnapper's instructions, the money is put into two small briefcases and thrown from a moving train; Shinichi is found unharmed. Gondo is forced out of the company and his creditors demand the collateral in lieu of debt. The story is widely reported however, making Gondo a hero, while the National Shoe Company is vilified and boycotted. Meanwhile the police eventually find the hideout where Shinichi was kept prisoner. The bodies of the kidnapper's two accomplices are found there, killed by an overdose of heroin. The police surmise that the kidnapper engineered their deaths by supplying them with uncut drugs. Further clues lead to the identity of the kidnapper, a medical intern at a nearby hospital, but no hard evidence with which to make an arrest. The police lay a trap by first planting a story in the newspapers implying that the accomplices are still alive, and then forging a note from them demanding more drugs. The kidnapper is apprehended in the act of trying to supply another lethal dose of uncut heroin to his accomplices. Most of the ransom money is recovered, but too late to save Gondo's property from auction. With the kidnapper facing a death sentence, he and Gondo finally meet face to face. Gondo has gone to work for a rival shoe company, earning less money but enjoying a free hand in running it. The kidnapper reveals that envy from seeing Gondo's house on the hill every day led him to conceive of the crime."] ['Shūhei Hirayama  is an ageing widower with a 32-year-old son, Kōichi , who is married, and two unmarried children – a 24-year-old daughter Michiko  and a 21-year-old son Kazuo . The ages of the children, and what they respectively remember about their mother, suggest that she died just before the end of the war, perhaps in the bombing of Tokyo in 1944-45. Since his marriage, Kōichi has moved out to live with his wife in a small flat, leaving Hirayama and Kazuo to be looked after by Michiko. Hirayama and five of his classmates from middle-school, Kawai , Horie , Sugai , Watanabe  and Nakanishi hold regular reunions at a restaurant called Wakamatsu , which is owned by Sugai. They reminisce about old times and banter with each other. For example, Horie is teased about having a new young wife and asked whether he is taking pills to maintain his virility. Their old teacher of Chinese classics, Sakuma , nicknamed the "Gourd", comes to one of these reunions and has too much to drink. When Kawai and Hirayama take him home, they find out that he has fallen on hard times and is running a cheap noodle restaurant in a working-class area. They meet his middle-aged daughter Tomoko , who missed the chance to marry when young and is now too old. Sakuma\'s former pupils decide to help him out with a gift of money, and Hirayama goes back to the restaurant to hand it over. While he is there, Yoshitarō Sakamoto , the owner of a small local car-repair shop, comes in for a bowl of noodles and recognises Hirayama as the captain of the ship in which he served as a Petty Officer during the war. He takes Hirayama to his favourite bar. Hirayama notices that the bar-owner Kaoru  resembles his dead wife. Kaoru puts on a recording of the patriotic song \'The Battleship March\' and Sakamoto marches up and down, holding a salute and singing meaningless syllables in time to the music, in a mocking version of military drill. Later, Hirayama visits the bar alone and Kaoru puts the record on again. Two tipsy customers begin to parody the kind of morale-boosting radio propaganda announcements that would have been introduced by this tune during the war. Kōichi borrows 50,000 yen from his father, ostensibly to buy a refrigerator, but this is more than the refrigerator will cost. He plans to use the extra money to buy a set of second-hand golf clubs from his colleague Miura . His wife Akiko  doesn\'t want him to, and says that if he is going to indulge himself like this she will spend money on an expensive white leather handbag. Eventually, having made her point, she relents. The "Gourd" tells his former pupils that it is owing to his own selfishness that his daughter is now condemned to a lonely life as a spinster. Troubled by this, Hirayama recognises his own selfishness in keeping Michiko at home to look after him, and decides to arrange a marriage for her. He asks Kōichi to find out if Miura, whom Michiko is fond of, is interested. Unfortunately, Miura is already engaged. Kōichi and Hirayama break the news to Michiko. Michiko does not react but retires to her room. Hirayama and Kōichi conclude that she is not upset, but a little later Kazuo comes in and asks why Michiko is crying. Hirayama later asks Michiko if she is willing to go for a matchmaking session with a candidate Kawai has selected. Michiko agrees. In one of the ellipses Ozu is famous for, the film next shows us Michiko being dressed in a traditional wedding kimono and head-dress. She has clearly agreed to marry, but the bridegroom, and the wedding ceremony, are never shown. After the wedding, Hirayama goes to a bar with friends while Kōichi, Akiko and Kazuo wait for him at home. When he returns, drunk, Kōichi and Akiko leave. Kazuo goes to bed, leaving Hirayama by himself. In the final scene, a melancholy Hirayama drunkenly sings snatches of the "Battleship March". His last words in the film are "Alone, eh?".'] ['A farmer  and a weaver  exchange their products for goods provided by a regular passing trader . A woman  arrives, forcing the two men’s desires but also urging them to obtain more recompense from the trader. After a visit to a village fair, the two men become more acquisitive and jealousies break out over the now pregnant woman who simply ups and leaves .As the two men fight each other, the trader’s men attack and enslave the workers again.'] ['A group of parents of fourth-grade students addresses how the school should deal with sex education. But sexuality is still an unresolved issue for many of the parents themselves. Sexo con Amor is the story of how three of these couples are ambushed by their own erotic passions. They each profess undying love to their partners while hopping enthusiastically on a merry-go-round of physical relations with one another, leading to sometimes tragic and sometimes hilarious effects.'] ["Claude  is an 8-year-old Jewish boy living in France during the Nazi occupation. To reduce the chance that he would be sent to Auschwitz or a similar fate, his parents send him to live with a farm family, the elderly parents of Catholic friends of his parents.  The elderly couple honestly think that the boy has been sent to live with them because Paris is dangerous; it never crosses their mind that Claude is a Jew. Claude is given a new last name , is taught a few things about Catholic ritual, such as the Lord's Prayer, and most important, is told to never let anyone see his circumcised penis ; thus Claude's strange prudishness at bath time. Otherwise, he plays well the part of boy grateful to be safe in the countryside, building a warm relationship with Pepe  and Meme , his simple and likeable surrogate grandparents. They form a strong and mutually affectionate bond. There is a fly in the ointment; Claude’s willing protectors share in the prejudices common to their time and place, anti-Semitism included. They believe World War II to be the fault of Jews, communists, Freemasons, and worst of all, the British who can never be trusted. Pepe even considers Marshal Philippe Pétain, the puppet ruling France under Germany’s thumb, a hero. Pepe attempts to pass his anti-Semitic convictions on to the boy. The boy plays along with the old man, teasing him about his prejudices but never revealing the truth about himself."] ["Noriko , a secretary in Tokyo, lives in the extended Mamiya family at Kamakura, Kanagawa, which includes her parents Shukichi and Shige , her older brother Koichi , a physician, his wife Fumiko , and their two young sons Minoru  and Isamu . An elderly uncle  arrives from the provinces to visit Tokyo, and reminds everyone that Noriko is at an age where she should marry. At work, Noriko's boss Satake  recommends a match for her involving a forty-year-old friend, Mr Manabe, who is a businessman and an avid golfer. Her other friends are divided into two groups—the married and the unmarried—who tease one another endlessly, with Aya Tamura  her close ally in the unmarried group. The Mamiya family applies gentle pressure on Noriko to accept the match proposed by Satake, primarily through their acceptance of the cultural assumption that it is time for her to marry, and that the match proposed is a good one for a woman of her age. Childhood friend Kenkichi Yabe , a doctor, and widower, is father to a young daughter. Yabe arranges to have tea and cakes with Noriko and gives her a sheaf of wheat. The sheaf is a gift from a brother who was killed during World War II and who asked Yabe to deliver it to Noriko in case he did not return. Later, Yabe is posted to Akita, in northern Honshu. Akita is considered so rural that Noriko and Aya make fun of the accent of the area. But when Yabe's mother Tami  impulsively asks Noriko to marry Kenkichi and follow them in their northward resettlement, Noriko agrees. When Noriko reveals her decision to her family, the Mamiyas are quietly devastated. They hint to her that the match is a poor one. When Noriko persists the family is forced to live with their disappointment. The family gradually accepts Noriko's choice with quiet resignation and before Noriko moves on, the family has a last photoshoot together. Noriko's parents console themselves that Noriko and Kenkichi will move back to Tokyo in a few years' time, and the family will be reunited. Meanwhile, the parents shall move to a rural region to stay with Noriko's elderly uncle. In the final scene of the film a bride passes down the country road in her traditional costume and Noriko's parents reflect on the impermanent nature of life. The final shot is of a barley field ripening, which signifies the season the film is set in, early summer. The Japanese name of the film in fact means, Barley Harvest Time."] ['In 1560, a thousand Spanish conquistadors, and a score of captured Indians, march down from Quito in the Andes mountains into the jungle below. Under the command of Gonzalo Pizarro , the party\'s mission is to find El Dorado. The men, clad in half armor, pull cannons through narrow mountainous paths and hot, thickly humid jungle. After much difficulty, on New Year\'s Eve, Pizarro orders a small expeditionary group of forty men to continue ahead by rafting down a river in search of El Dorado. If they do not return to the main party within one week with news of what lies beyond, they will be considered lost. Pizarro chooses Don Pedro de Ursúa  as the commander of the expedition, Don Lope de Aguirre  as his second-in-command, fat nobleman Don Fernando de Guzmán  representing The Royal House of Spain and brother Gaspar de Carvajal  as a chronicler. Also accompanying the expedition, against Pizarro\'s better judgment, are Ursúa\'s mistress, Doña Inéz  and Aguirre\'s young daughter, Florés . One of the four rafts becomes separated from the others and gets caught in a whirlpool. A rescue team is unable to approach the raft until the following day, when all men on the raft are found to have been killed by unknown attackers. Ursúa wants the bodies to be brought back to camp for proper burial. Knowing this would slow down the expedition, Aguirre orders Perucho  to fire a cannon at the raft, which sinks, and the corpses are lost in the river. During the night, the remaining rafts are swept away by the rising river. Since supplies start to run out and things get progressively worse, Ursúa decides that their mission is hopeless and orders them to return to the main group. Wanting power, Aguirre takes the opportunity to lead a rebellion against Ursúa, telling the men that untold riches await them ahead. Ursúa and a soldier loyal to him are shot. Ursúa\'s mistress, Inéz , cares for them. Aguirre coerces the soldiers to "elect" the fat, lazy Don Fernando de Guzman as the new leader of the expedition. Aguirre proclaims Guzman Emperor in the New World, “dethroning” Philip II. A farcical trial of Ursúa results in his being sentenced to death, but Guzman surprises Aguirre by refusing to allow this to happen. Instead, Guzman grants Ursúa clemency. Aguirre proves to be an oppressive leader, so terrifying that few protest his leadership. Those who complain are killed. Only Inez has the courage to speak out against him. Knowing that some of the soldiers are still loyal to Ursúa, Aguirre simply ignores her. The expedition continues on a single, newly built, large raft. An Indian couple approaching with a canoe is captured by the explorers, but when the man expresses confusion at the sight of a Bible, Brother Gaspar de Carvajal  has the man and his wife killed for blasphemy. Guzman dines on the low food supplies while the men are starving, and has the expedition\'s only horse pushed off the raft because it annoys him. Soon after, he is found strangled near the raft\'s outhouse. After Guzman\'s death, Aguirre proclaims himself leader. Ursúa is then taken ashore and hanged in the jungle. The group attacks an Indian village, where many of the soldiers are killed by spears. The distraught Inez walks into the jungle and disappears. Aguirre is now the ruler of a group of slowly starving, hallucinating men. The group gapes in awe at a wooden ship perched in the highest branches of one of the tall trees. In a final Indian attack, all remaining survivors including Aguirre’s daughter are killed by arrows. Aguirre remains alone on the slowly circling raft. The raft becomes overrun by monkeys. The crazed Aguirre tells them: "I, the Wrath of God, will marry my own daughter and with her I will found the purest dynasty the world has ever seen. Together, we shall rule this entire continent. We shall endure. I am the Wrath of God!"'] ["Ayako Murai  is a young woman working as a telephone operator in 1930's Osaka. In order to pay the debts of her father, unemployed and threatened with arrest after embezzling ¥300, she agrees to become the mistress of her employer Mr. Asai. After paying her father's debts she then continues working as a mistress, this time for another workplace admirer, Mr Fujino, in an attempt to help pay her brother Hiroshi's university tuition fees. When she attempts to fool Mr Fujino into giving her extra money, so she can marry her boyfriend Nishimura, he calls the police and she is arrested for soliciting. Upon her return home she is ostracised by her family and her boyfriend and forced to leave home."] ['This movie is a family drama which is portrayed on a background of Durgapuja, West Bengal\'s biggest "Ut-shob" . The story is about a cultured Bengali family, different members of which have gathered in native house on the occasion of Durgapuja. This movie remained instrumental in showing different common and complex problems being faced by a middle-class family.'] ['A gang of marauding bandits approaches a mountain farming village, but their chief recognizes they have ransacked this village before, and decides it is best to spare it until the harvest in several months. A villager overhears this. The farmers go to their elder, who declares that they should hire samurai to help defend the village. Since they have nothing to offer but food, the elder tells them to "find hungry samurai." Several men go to the city, but are turned away by every samurai they ask. They watch as an experienced samurai, Kambei, deftly rescues a young boy taken hostage by a thief. Impressed, a young samurai named Katsushirō asks to become his disciple. Kambei insists that he walk with him as a friend. The farmers are overjoyed when Kambei agrees to help them. With Katsushirō\'s assistance, he recruits four more masterless samurai: Gorobei Katayama, clever and good natured; Heihachi, a good-humored samurai with mediocre swordsmanship; Shichirōji, an old friend of Kambei\'s; and Kyūzō, a taciturn master swordsman. Although Kambei had judged that seven samurai would be necessary, time is running short. The villagers beg him to take Katsushirō and, after some prodding, he agrees. The clownish Kikuchiyo, whom Kambei had rejected, follows them, ignoring their attempts to drive him away. When the samurai arrive, the villagers cower in their homes. The samurai feel insulted by their cold reception. Suddenly, the alarm is raised; the villagers, fearing that the bandits have returned, beg the new arrivals to protect them. Kikuchiyo, who raised the false alarm, rebukes the villagers for their poor behavior. The samurai accept him, bringing their number to seven. The villagers offer white rice to the samurai, the best they have, while they eat millet. As they prepare, the two groups slowly come to trust each other. However, when the samurai discover that the villagers have murdered and robbed fleeing samurai in the past, they become angry. Kikuchiyo castigates his comrades for ignoring the hardships that the farmers have to overcome to survive, including harassment from the warrior class. This reveals his origins as a farmer\'s son to Kambei. The anger the samurai felt turns to shame. They construct fortifications and train the farmers for battle. Katsushirō, the youngest samurai, begins a relationship with Shino, who had been forced to masquerade as a boy by her father to protect her from the supposedly lustful samurai. As the time for the raid approaches, two bandit scouts are killed, while another is captured and forced to reveal the location of their camp. Three of the samurai, guided by Rikichi, strike preemptively. Many bandits are killed, but Heihachi is slain by gunfire. When a woman emerges from the bandits\' burning house, she sees Rikichi and runs back inside to perish in the flames. Rikichi reveals that this was his wife, who had been kidnapped and defiled. When the bandits attack, they are confounded by the new fortifications. Several are killed attempting to scale the barricades or cross the moats. However, they possess three dangerous muskets. Kyūzō sets out on his own and returns with a musket. A jealous Kikuchiyo later abandons his post to get another musket, leaving his contingent of farmers leaderless. Although he succeeds, the bandits attack his post, overwhelming and killing some of the farmers. Kambei is forced to send reinforcements, leaving the main post undermanned when the bandit chief leads a charge against this position. Although they are repelled, Gorobei is shot and killed. Yohei is also slain. Kambei\'s stratagem is to allow one bandit to enter through a gap in the fortifications, block the rest with a "wall" of spears, and kill the lone enemy. This succeeds several times. On the second night, Kambei instructs them to prepare for a final, decisive battle. When morning breaks, Kambei orders his forces to allow the remaining bandits in. Most of the attackers are killed, but their leader takes refuge in a hut unseen. In what is portrayed as a dishonorable act, he shoots Kyūzō from the hut, killing him. A despondent Katsushirō seeks to avenge his hero, but an enraged Kikuchiyo charges ahead of him, only to be shot himself. Kikuchiyo kills the bandit chief before dying. Kambei and Shichirōji sadly observe "we\'ve survived once again". Afterward, the three surviving samurai watch the villagers happily planting the next crop. They reflect on the relationship between the warrior and farming classes: though they have won the battle, they have lost their friends with little to show for it. "Again we are defeated," Kambei muses. "The winners are those farmers. Not us."'] ['The movie portrays the journey of two children in search of their father, whom they believe lives in Germany. On the way they meet many people, including a troupe of actors , and encounter dangers. Eventually, they cross a river to reach their hoped-for destination.'] ["The film opens with Cabiria happy and laughing, on a river bank with her current boyfriend and live-in lover. He pushes her into the river and steals her purse which is full of money. She cannot swim and very nearly drowns, but is rescued and revived at the last possible moment by helpful ordinary people who live a little further down the river. The rest of the plot follows Cabiria as she plies her trade, interacts with her best friend and neighbor Wanda, and searches for a chance to better her life. She is frequently mistreated and taken advantage of, but she has some interesting adventures, and manages to keep her basic attitude to life positive. Eventually, she meets Oscar, an accountant, who seems genuinely kind and who promises her a happy future. At first she is cautious and suspicious, but after several meetings she falls passionately in love with him and they are to be married—after only a few weeks. However, during a walk in a wooded area, on a cliff overlooking a lakeScenes were shot on location at Lake Bracciano near Rome. Kezich, 183 Oscar becomes distant and starts acting nervous. Cabiria realizes that—just like her earlier lover—Oscar intends to push her over the cliff and steal her money . She throws her purse at his feet, sobbing in convulsions on the ground as he abandons her. She later picks herself up and stumbles out of the wood in tears. In the film's famous last sequence, Cabiria walks the long road back to town when she is met by a group of young people riding scooters, playing music, and dancing. They happily form an impromptu parade around her until she begins to smile through her tears."] ["A young man enters his father's study to claim a monthly allowance. His father obliges, but the son presses for more, citing a debt at school he must pay. The father dismisses him and an appeal to his mother fails. This leads him to pawn off his watch to a friend who, instead of paying him, provides him with a forged 500-franc note. After the trade, the youth lingers to peruse an album of nude art, with similar images to appear throughout the film. The boys take the counterfeit to a photo shop and change it on the pretext of buying a picture frame. When the store co-manager finds out, he scolds his partner for her lack of wariness. She chides him in return for having accepted two forged notes the previous week. He then vows to pass off all the forged notes in their possession at the next opportunity, which arises when a gas man, Yvon, comes in with a bill. Yvon tries to pay a restaurant tab with the forged notes, but the waiter recognizes them as counterfeit. Yvon is arrested, but avoids jail time; however, he loses his job. Needing money, he acts as the get-away car driver for a friend's bank robbery. The robbery is foiled by police, and Yvon is arrested. He is sentenced to prison for three years. While in prison, his daughter dies and his wife writes to him that she is leaving him to start a new life. When released from prison, Yvon has nothing. Right away, he murders hotel keepers and robs their till. He then hides out in the house of a kind woman and her family. Some time passes, and one night Yvon kills everyone in the house with an axe. He goes to a restaurant, confesses to a police officer, and is arrested."] ["13-year-old Riyaz lives a poor lifestyle in Bombay, India, with his grandmother, Fayyuzi , and her sister, Mehmooda Begum alias Mammo . Quite outspoken and embittered over his dad abandoning him, Riyaz does not have many friends, save for Rohan. When Mammo plans a surprise birthday party for him, Riyaz is offended as he believes his friends will make fun of him as his lifestyle is not as good as theirs. Fayyuzi and Riyaz have an argument with Mammo, and she leaves for the mosque at Haji Ali; she returns when they apologize. Although Mammo was born in Panipat during the British Raj, she was one of thousands of Muslims who left for Pakistan after Partition. She and her husband automatically become Pakistani citizens. Although childless, her marriage is a happy one until her husband's death. Over property matters, Mammo is thrown out of the house by her relatives. Having nowhere else to go, she came to live with her widowed sister in Bombay on a temporary visa. Every month she walks to the nearest police station and to get an extension. She finally paid Rs.4800 as a bribe to get a permanent visa through Inspector Apte. When Apte was transferred, a new police inspector took over, processed her papers, took her to be an illegal immigrant, arrested her, had her escorted to the Bombay Central Railway Station and forced her to board the Frontier Mail, which would return her to Pakistan. Riyaz and Fayyuzi make every possible attempt to trace and bring her back, all in vain. Now 20 years later, Riyaz has grown up and has written a book about his Mammo, hoping that someday, somewhere she will find it and they will be reunited. The movie touches upon several emotional aspects of day-to-day life. Unable to extend her visa, she is deported back to Pakistan. Political priorities defeat humanitarian ones. The director shows a happy ending where Mammo comes to Riyaz and her sister at the end. She pretends that she is dead so that she can continue to stay in India thereafter."] ['Single mother Esma lives with her 12-year-old daughter, Sara, in post-war Sarajevo. Sara wants to go on a school trip and Esma starts working as a waitress in a nightclub in order to earn the money. Sara makes friends with Samir, who, like Sara, has no father. Both of their fathers allegedly died as war heroes. Samir is surprised that Sara doesn’t know the circumstances of her father’s death. Samir’s own father was massacred by Chetniks near Žuč when he refused to leave the trench he was defending. And yet, whenever mother and daughter discuss this delicate topic, Esma’s responses are always vague. The situation becomes more complicated when the school offers to take pupils on the trip free of charge, provided they can furnish a certificate proving that they are the offspring of a war hero. Esma explains to Sara that her father’s corpse was never found and that she does not possess such a certificate. She promises to try to obtain the document. In reality she attempts to borrow the money Sara needs – from her friend, Sabina, from her aunt and from her boss. Sara can’t get rid of the nagging feeling that something’s not right. Shocked and bewildered when she discovers she is not mentioned as the child of a war hero on the list of pupils on the school trip, she lashes out at a classmate, explaining that her father was massacred on the front near Žuč when he refused to desert his trench. At home, however, she confronts her mother, demanding to know the truth. Esma breaks down and brutally reveals the painful facts: Esma was raped in a prisoner camp and forced to have the child that resulted from this violation. All at once, Sara realises that she is the child of a Chetnik. And yet, the knowledge also brings them a step closer to overcoming the trauma. In the end Sara leaves for a school trip, waving to Esma at the last moment. In the bus children are singing a popular song about Sarajevo , and in the end Sara joins as well, and thus ends the film on a bright and optimistic note.'] ['Bruno Stroszek  is a Berlin street performer. Released from prison and warned to stop drinking, he immediately goes to a familiar bar where he comforts Eva , a prostitute down on her luck, and lets her stay with him at the apartment his landlord kept for him. They are then harried and beaten by Eva\'s former pimps, who insult Bruno, pull his accordion apart and humiliate him by making him kneel on his grand piano with bells balanced on his back. Faced with the prospect of further harassment, Bruno and Eva decide to leave Germany and accompany Bruno\'s eccentric elderly neighbour Scheitz , who was planning to move to Wisconsin to live with his American nephew Clayton. After sightseeing in New York City they buy a used car and arrive in a winter-bound, barren prairie near the fictional town of \'Railroad Flats\'. There Bruno works as a mechanic with Clayton and his Native American helper, Eva as a waitress at a truck stop and Scheitz pursues his interest in animal magnetism. The pair buy a trailer which is sited on Clayton\'s land, but as bills mount, the bank threatens to repossess it. Eva falls back into prostitution to supplement her wages, but it is not enough to meet the payments. She tires of Bruno\'s drunken ramblings and deserts him by leaving with a couple of truck drivers bound for Vancouver. A man from the bank visits Bruno, who is now drinking steadily, and has him sign off on the repossession. The home is auctioned, and he and Scheitz, who is convinced that the world is conspiring against him, set off to confront the "conspiracy." Finding the bank closed, they hold up a barber shop beneath it, make off with 32 dollars and then go shopping in a small store across the street. The police arrive and arrest Scheitz for armed robbery without noticing Bruno. Holding a large frozen turkey from the store and the shotgun, Bruno returns to the garage where he works, loads the tow truck with beer, and drives along a highway into the mountains. Upon entering a small town, the truck breaking down, Bruno pulls over to a restaurant, where he tells his story to a German-speaking businessman. He then starts the truck, leaves it circling in the parking lot with a fire taking hold in the engine compartment and goes into a tourist trap across the street, where he starts a ski-lift and rides it with his frozen turkey. After Bruno disappears from view a single shot rings out. The police arrive at the scene to find the truck is now fully ablaze. The film ends with a sequence showing a chicken dancing, a chicken playing a piano and a rabbit riding a toy fire truck, in coin operated attractions that Bruno activated on his way to the ski-lift.'] ["This film is about the issues like male chauvinist protagonism, extramarital affairs, and spousal abuse. It is about a woman trying to find a separate identity outside her marriage. It is 1997. Malhar Kamat , an old musician and music teacher, is dying. He prepares his will where he leaves his entire jaydad  &mdash; comprising a haveli , {{convert}} of land, 1400&nbsp;grams gold and about 8 lakh rupees &mdash; to Aditi Shrikant Pandit ([[Tabu . Upon his death two years later, the will is delivered to Aditi. When the will reaches Aditi in Pune, she is in the midst of an impromptu lunch party occasioned by the arrival of Dr. Ravi Bapat  and his wife Meghna . Ravi is a very close friend of Aditi's husband, Shrikant Pandit . Aditi's son Aniket  introduces his girlfriend and would-be wife Revati . Shrikant opens the certified letter package with the will even though it is addressed to Aditi, much to Meghna's chagrin and Ravi's surprise. Shrikant is intrigued and decides to consult his daily diaries where he has chronicled the events of his daily life. Shrikant realizes that he overlooked certain things anybody else could have easily noticed. He understands that 25 years ago Aditi could not have possibly been pregnant, at least not from him. He shows her the diary, confronts her with the facts and demands explanation. In a flashback Shrikant is an up-and-coming star at a firm, seeking to break out onto his own. His work keeps him traveling almost constantly. This leaves his newlywed wife Aditi lonely and frustrated. When she asks him to let her work someplace , he takes it as an insult and rebuffs her saying no woman in his family has ever worked outside the home and that he earns enough for them to live comfortably. He suggests  that she take up music. The music teacher is Malhar Kamat. Shrikant continues his unending travels all over the world, although he makes it clear to Malhar that music will not be anything more than a hobby for Aditi. Aditi's sister Sudha  and her husband come to live with Aditi. Their constant lovemaking further deepens Aditi's feelings of yearning and abandonment. And one spring afternoon, as Malhar breaks into his new ghazal in the rain, Aditi's resolve is broken under the influence of the season. Malhar returns a couple of days later, and Aditi asks him to leave. Aditi has missed a period. Sudha learns this and advises her to do something. When Shrikant returns, Aditi breaks down and tries to tell him the truth about her pregnancy. But Shrikant is doubly elated, having won the first major contract for his own firm and, hearing of his imminent fatherhood, and breaks out into celebrations without letting Aditi complete her story. As the story comes back to present time, Shrikant punishes Aditi by making her tell the truth in front of Aniket, Ravi and Meghna. Meghna loathes Shrikant, since she suffered spousal abuse from her drunkard husband before divorcing him and marrying Ravi. Aniket is disgusted with his mother after knowing the truth of his existence. Shrikant decides that he will live with Aditi, but any spousal relationship between them will not exist. After Revati knows the truth, she breaks the engagement, not because of the truth, but because she realizes that Aniket is no different than the man whom he considered his father till now. Meghna decides to take Aditi to Goa with her, but Aditi declines. She walks out of the house with Revati. The movie ends with Revati and Aditi walking out the house and on the road, whilst Shri and Aniket stand in the doorway, watching them go. The denouement captures the essence of astitva.{{cite web}}"] ['Sarojini  is a well-known danseuse, whose immense dedication to her art permeates every aspect of her life. While honor and acclaim make way into her professional life she is less successful on the domestic front. Her growing popularity leads to her husband Manish\'s  gradual resentment towards her and ultimately a rift between the couple. Manish takes over the upbringing of their only daughter, Aditi, as Sarojini remains busy with her artistic commitments. Sarojini seems to find a replacement for the void in her marital life through dancing, however she is unsure if her blossoming career and success is really bringing her happiness. The sudden demise of Manish forces Sarojini to put her daughter in a hostel. The glittering memory of her father and her mother\'s inability of give her proper time results in Aditi\'s bitterness towards her mother. The film begins with Aditi\'s  return home. She is now all grown up and on the verge of starting her career as a doctor, like her father. The atmosphere is thick with the sharp tension between mother and daughter. Shortly after Aditi\'s return Sarojini is honored with a prestigious award. It is the 19th of April, Aditi\'s father\'s death anniversary, which her mother appears to have forgotten. Misunderstanding and temperamental conflicts creates an air of suffocation for both. Aditi\'s prospective husband, Prosenjit Chatterjee dumps her after his family learns of her mother\'s profession soon after the public announcement of Sarojini\'s award. Heartbroken, Aditi decides to attempt suicide, which her mother finds out leading mother and daughter into a heart-to-heart conversation. Gradually they unlock two decades of rage and rancor, pain and bitterness to each other. Untold facts finally get deciphered, misunderstandings clear out. All hint to the final question: "Will Aditi ultimately be able to forgive her mother?"'] ['Giulietta  explores her subconscious and the odd lifestyle of her sexy neighbor, Suzy , as she attempts to deal with her mundane life and her philandering oppressive husband . As she increasingly taps into her desires  she slowly gains greater self-awareness leading to independence.'] ['Best friends Acerola and Laranjinha live in the favelas of Rio de Janeiro, and have been raised without their fathers. They are turning eighteen as a war between rival drug gangsIn late 2009, a real-life battle between gangs very similar to that in the film showed that City of Men was more reality-based than people had thought begins around them. Each discovers things about his missing father that will compromise their solid friendship.'] ["Annapoorna lives with her son and daughter, and struggles to get by, trying to earn a living from the teashop near a railway station once owned by her now deceased husband. Her son Kannan does whatever he can to help whilst trying to continue his education, however this proves difficult and he fails his exams. His mother sends him to a military recruitment camp, hoping he will find employment. This seems to be the family's only hope, however this option is expensive. Eventually Kannan is admitted after Annapoorna pays a hefty sum of money to a man associated with the camp. Later, Kannan is killed in a stampede at the camp, and his bereaved mother brings his body back home in an ambulance. Annapoorna's daughter waits anxiously for the return of her mother and brother."] ["An old villager  brings his 8-year-old grandson Parshuraam  to a doctor in Mumbai to diagnose the child's eyes. They are accompanied by child's maternal uncle Diwarkar. On the first day Vichare is asked to sign usual papers before admission in hospital. Upon asking, he learns that the papers say the doctor would not be responsible if anything goes wrong. Vichare, the rustic grandfather finds these terms unacceptable. A medical social worker named Asawari who is present there, quickly comes in and explains the practice to Vichare. She calms down Vichare and accompanies them during the first appointment with the doctor. Dr. Sane quickly diagnoses child as a victim of retinoblastoma &mdash; a rare retinal cancer. After consulting with other colleagues in US and UK doctor finds that only way to save child's life is to perform an operation that will leave the child blind. As per rule, doctor explains this and insists child be informed of this before surgery. He cannot be operated without this knowledge as it was against ethics. Asawari  who helps the doctor in convincing the grandfather and the grandson, tries to keep track of Vichare and persuades him not fall prey to other doctors promising false medicines. She tries to befriend Parshya in order to explain him what is going to happen. However, she finds it is too difficult to explain to him that he will turn blind. The film then depicts the grandfather's struggle to accept the reality that the only way to save his grandson is at the cost of his eyesight. He tries various ways to come to terms with the situation and his personal agony is shown in scenes, like taking second opinion, explaining his grandson the reality and his desire to show him everything possible before his grandson loses his eyesight. For some reason, the surgery has to be postponed by a day. That afternoon, grandfather and grandson disappear from the hospital ward and a frantic search follows. Confronted by an angry surgeon on their return, the grandfather states quite simply that he wanted to show Parshya the sights of the city for one last time. Shwaas has been applauded for scenes which depict the difficulty faced by the doctors to explain to grandfather and Parshya that nothing can be done and the truth is but inevitable. It shows the medical fraternity in a very positive light, with the doctors and nurses being extremely supportive and doing the best they can, and helping the village with the best facilities. The last shot where Parshya returns home wearing dark glasses, waving to his family and friends from the boat was widely appreciated by film critics."] ["A ronin wanders into a small town being ruined by a gang war between Seibei and Ushitora. Ushitora used to be Seibei's right hand man, until Seibei decided that his son Yoichiro would succeed him. Tazaemon, the silk merchant and mayor, backs Seibei, while Tokuemon the sake brewer is allied with Ushitora. Gonji, a restaurant proprietor, advises the stranger to leave while he can, but after sizing up the situation, he tells Gonji that the town would be better off with both sides dead, and that he intends to do the job. The ronin first convinces the weaker Seibei to hire him as a kensei by demonstrating his skill, killing three of Ushitora's men. He eavesdrops on Seibei's wife Orin ordering their son to stab him in the back after their victory so they will not have to pay him. The ronin then provokes the two factions into attacking each other , but the untimely arrival of an official spoils his plan before any blood is shed. Seibei and Ushitora keep an uneasy peace to avoid attracting government notice. When the two factions decide to settle their differences, the ronin stirs things up again. Learning that Ushitora hired two assassins to kill an officer many miles away to get the government official to leave, the ronin captures and sells the pair to Seibei. Then he tells Ushitora that Seibei's men have caught them. Alarmed, Ushitora hires him. Ushitora has Yoichiro kidnapped and offers an exchange of prisoners, but double crosses Seibei, having his brother Unosuke shoot the assassins with the only firearm in town, his beloved pistol, when they are brought to be traded. The wily Seibei, however, has taken a beautiful woman that Tokuemon is infatuated with. The woman is swapped for Yoichiro. Gonji informs the ronin that the woman is the wife of a farmer named Kohei. Ushitora seized her and Kohei's home as payment for a gambling debt. He then gave her to Tokuemon to gain his support. The ronin kills all six guards assigned to the woman and reunites her with her husband and son. He gives them the money Ushitora paid him and tells them to leave town. However, Unosuke becomes suspicious of his claim that Seibei's men are responsible and uncovers the ronin's double dealing. The stranger is beaten in an attempt find out where the woman is hiding. When the ronin manages to escape, Ushitora decides to eliminate Seibei once and for all. He succeeds in wiping out the opposing gang. With the help of Gonji, the ronin recuperates in hiding. However, when he learns that Gonji has been caught while bringing food and medicine, he returns to town to confront the remainder of Ushitora's men. Unosuke and his pistol are a dangerous combination, but the ronin manages to kill them all, sparing only one terrified young man he had encountered at the beginning of the film, who had run away from a boring, poverty-stricken life as a farmer. Then, the ronin leaves town."] ['The Film is based on William Shakespeare\'s Macbeth and in this movie the backdrop is Mumbai underworld. Maqbool ([[Irfan Khan  is a right hand man of Jahangir Khan  , a powerful underworld don. Maqbool is grateful and feels a close connection and personal indebtedness to Abba Ji. The movie gains pace with two corrupt police-men  predicting that Maqbool would soon take over reins of Mumbai Underworld from Abba Ji. These two thus play a role akin to the three witches in the original play. Nimmi ([[Tabu  is Abba Ji\'s mistress, but she secretly loves Maqbool. Maqbool loves Nimmi, too. Nimmi also encourages Maqbool\'s ambitions and persuades him to kill Abba Ji in order to take over as don. Maqbool is torn between his love for Nimmi and his loyalty to Abba Ji, but he begins to prepare the ground for becoming don by ensuring that others in the line of inheritance cannot interfere. Finally, in a dramatic scene, Maqbool murders Abba Ji in cold blood while he is bed at night, with Nimmi next to him. Maqbool gets away with it and takes over as don, just as planned; but both he and Nimmi are haunted by guilt, seeing Abbaji\'s ghosts and unable to wash the blood from their hands. There is also suspicion within the gang of Maqbool\'s role in the death of Abba Ji, and eventually the 2 lovers meet with tragic ends. In addition to the portrayals of the three tragic heroes, the film offers performances by supporting cast members, in particular Om Puri and Naseeruddin Shah, who open the film in their roles as black comic relief corrupt police inspectors-cum-astrologers, who predict the fall of Abba Ji—who has them on his payroll—and the rise and fall of Maqbool. Contrary to the original play, the corrupt cops are not just passive soothsayers. In an effort to what they refer as "balancing forces," they also actively involve in shaping events, like aiding in providing information to Abba Ji\'s enforcers to wipe out a rival gang, using subtle nuances in coercing Maqbool to shift loyalties, deliberately botching an "encounter" attempt on Riyaz Boti  and subsequently setting up an alliance between a rival politician  and a fleeing Guddu  and Riyaz Boti against Maqbool.'] ["A young man  arrives at a train station to see his wife. After four years of marriage the couple finds difficulty in their marriage as the husband has left there without her. The couple discuss their lives without settling on their current romantic situation. The man takes his wife back to a train without any clear statement on the couple's relationship. Meanwhile, A government official arrives to see if local fishermen in the village are fishing without permits. In the village a child has died and a fisherman is jailed for fishing without a license while a young man has arranged a marriage between him and his sixteen year old girlfriend."] ['Kalyani is in a prison in pre-Independence India for committing a murder, and we learn the circumstances of her crime in flashback as she divulges it to the jailor. The film is set in Bengal in the 1930s, during the British Raj, where Kalyani  is the daughter of the postmaster  of the village, who falls in love with a freedom fighter, Bikash ([[Ashok Kumar , who later leaves her in the village promising to come back but never does. The society treats them harshly. Broken by her father\'s misery and that of her own, Kalyani moves to the city, to the singing of the "O Jaanewale Ho Sake To Laut Ke Aana". In the city she works as a caretaker of an obnoxious and mentally unstable woman, who turns out to be the wife of Bikash. Kalyani learns that her father came to the city looking for her and died in an accident. That prompts her to poison her lover\'s wife, identifying her as the cause of her miseries in a moment of insane rage. Director Bimalda captures her emotions as she resolves to commit the crime, with light and darkness falling on her face due to a welder\'s torch and the thumping of Iron in the background, and the ambient sounds as she inches towards the decision, pumping vigorously into a kerosene stove, without uttering a single word through it all. And subsequently confesses to the crime with equal passion. Back from the flashback in the jail Deven  the jail doctor falls in love with her. Kalyani is not ready for it and starts to stay away from him. They are always shown with a partition in between after Deven proposes her. Another symbolism used in the movie is the occasional shouting of "All is well" by the prison guard when nothing in the movie is; and just as Kalyani is leaving prison for good, she receives yet another ironic message from a jail official, “Ab ghar grihasthi ki jail mein qaid rahogi!” Now you will be imprisoned in the jail of household! In the end she finds Bikash at a ship harbour where she finds him in an ill condition. She then decides to take care of Bikash and her love is again reborn. The lines "Main Bandini Piya ki, Main Sangini Hoon Saajan ki" in the end score of the movie tells us that Kalyani is imprisoned by her love, thus revealing the title of the film. "Mere saajan hain us paar" is sung by the musician S D Burman himself, this climactic song, beautifully expresses Kalyani\'s dilemma of having to choose between Bikash and Deven. Thus the character of Kalyani gets lifted from that of a woman who is a prisoner of destiny to one who defines her own freedom.Story synopsisBandini: Bandini, Bimal Roy\'s ode to purity Let\'s talk about Bollywood!.'] ['Baise-moi tells the story of Nadine  and Manu  who go on a violent spree against a society in which they feel marginalised. Nadine is a part-time prostitute, and Manu is a slacker who does anything—including occasional porn film acting—to get by in her small town in southern France. One day Manu and her friend, a drug addict, are brutally gang-raped by three men. While her friend struggles, screams, and fights against the rapists, ending up violently beaten and distressed, Manu lies still with a detached look, which troubles the man raping her, who soon gives up. As her friend asks Manu how she could act so detached, she replies that she can\'t prevent anyone from penetrating her pussy, so she didn\'t let anything precious in there. Manu then returns to her brother\'s house, and does not tell him what has happened, but he realises after noticing bruises on her neck. He gets out a gun and asks Manu who was responsible, but when Manu refuses to tell him, he calls her a "slut" and implies that she actually enjoyed being raped. In response, Manu picks up his discarded pistol and shoots him in the head. Meanwhile, Nadine returns home and has an argument with her roommate, whom she strangles and kills, before leaving with their rent money. Nadine suffers another emotional setback when she meets her best friend, a drug dealer, in another town, but he is shot and killed while out obtaining drugs with a prescription she forged for him. Later that night, having missed the last train, Nadine meets Manu at the railway station. Manu says she has a car, if Nadine will drive for her. They soon realise that they share common feelings of anger, and embark on a violent and sexually charged road trip together. In need of money they hold up a convenience store, and also kill a woman at an ATM. Finally, after much killing and sexual activities, the two women enter a swingers\' club and kill everyone there. The pair discuss what they have done, and agree that it has all been pointless because nothing has changed inside them. During their spree the entire country is abuzz over the beautiful bandit/killers. Some people actually support them, while most are in fear. One day Manu enters a roadside tire store to get some coffee, leaving Nadine outside. Hearing gunfire, Nadine rushes in to find Manu shot by the owner, whom she kills. Nadine takes Manu\'s body to a forest and burns it, before driving to a beach. With tears in her eyes, Nadine puts the gun to her head, intending to commit suicide, but gets arrested by the police before she can do so.'] ["Five different women walk, ride and work through the day and each performs one of the five Muslim prayers Fajr , Zohar , Asr , Maghrib  and Isha . The film begins with 'Isha' and ends the next day at 'Maghrib' with each prayer being performed in real time amidst stunning settings. This structure also offers a glimpse at the beauty, stress and contradictions of people interacting throughout the day.Say a beautiful prayer by Faisal M. Naim, The Hindu January 31st, 2011"] ["The story takes place towards the end of the 19th century in Bengal. Bhubaneswar Chowdhury  is a rich and oppressive Zamindar . He is planning to please the British so that they bestow on him the Raibahadur title. There are quite a few contenders and so something unique has to be done, so he decides to put Queen Victoria's face on the body of the Goddess Durga whose clay idol is made every year for Durga Pooja. On the other hand he also wants an heir and since he blames the failure on his elder wife Mahamaya  he marries again, the much younger Jashomati . Both these wives compete against each other in an ego struggle. In his pursuit for a son, Bhubaneswar tries everything from trying to force himself on Jashomati while a priest reads hymns for conception near the bed, ordering Mahamaya, in a drugged state, to fulfill the carnal desires of five sexually deprived Brahmin priests, whose excuse to sleep with her is a distorted version of the rites of the Ashwamedha yagya. Although she luckily escapes the fate due to the untimely ending, Jashomati, while in her traumatised and lonely state, gets physically drawn towards a young sculptor . It's in this centre of all this that the sculptor makes his masterpiece, his tribute, and seals Jashomati's ultimate fate."] ['Pallavi , a budding Indian classical singer, is the daughter and student of celebrated classical singer, Karuna Devi . While she was still gaining her confidence, her mother expires suddenly; due this shock Pallavi loses not just her bearings, but also her voice. Subsequently she also loses her career, her students, and her husband .Overview New York Times. It is only after she meets a young street urchin, Tara  and start teaching her, following the guru-shishya parampara  of Indian classical music, as her mother once did with her, does she begin to finds herself again, and also her voice.Synopsis bollywoodmovievideos.com.'] ["While vacationing on the Greek Isle of Love, a repressed 30 year old Stefania reluctantly plays chaperon to her precocious 14 year old niece, Meggy, who plans to lose her virginity before the summer is over. Unbeknownst to Stefania, Meggy's chosen man is in fact Stefania's ex-boyfriend. Amidst a mélange of sun rash, broken diets, nervous girls, sleeping bags, orgasms, 80's music, and a little ginger and cinnamon, the two women discover themselves and their sexuality."] ["The movie follows the career of a schoolteacher named Ōishi  in Shōdoshima during the rise and fall of Japanese ultra-nationalism in the beginning of the Shōwa period. The narrative begins in 1928 with the teacher's first class of 1st grade students and follows her through 1946."] [" Shyamal  is an ambitious sales manager in a British fan manufacturing firm in Calcutta, where he is expecting a promotion shortly. He is married to Dolan and lives in a company flat. He aspires to become the company director. His sister-in-law, Tutul , arrives from Patna to stay with them for a few days. She is given a tour of the life they lead and the many upscale spaces they inhabit &mdash; the restaurants, the beauty parlours, clubs and race courses. Tutul, whose father Shyamal had once been a student under, greatly admires him and his idealism. Secretly she is envious of her sister's marriage with him. Life goes on smoothly for Shyamal until he learns that a consignment of fans meant for export is defective just before the shipment of a prestigious order. To escape blame Shyamal hatches a plan with the labour officer to provoke a strike at the factory. A factory watchman is badly injured, a false riot is organised and a lock-out declared. For his 'efficient' handling of the crisis, Shyamal is promoted, and there is congratulations all around. However Shyamalendu has fallen in the eyes of Tutul and himself. He is finally at the top, successful &mdash; and desolate."] ['Ranjeet Thadani  is a music producer married to Sheetal  a singer. Ranjeet and his friends get together every Friday for a party. This is a different kind of party where they invite idiots to ridicule them behind the scenes and calling them "talent". They enjoy doing it so much that they don\'t even mind missing out on family appointments. One of Ranjeet\'s friends meets Bharat Bhushan , an inspector for the income tax department, on a trip to Pune and decides that he could probably be a source of entertainment for Ranjeet. Ranjeet promptly calls Bharat and invites him for dinner. Bharat is a talkative self promoting singer who carries with him a scrap book showcasing his musical life. He is excited at the prospect of meeting a music producer which might help advance his career as a singer. Bharat is kind-hearted and wants to help everyone but he also has the ability to mess things up for people around him. He can be annoying to the person who is sitting next to him but he makes it a funny experience for everyone else watching him. Friday arrives but Ranjeet\'s back is sprained badly and is restricted from moving around. Ranjeet knows that he will not be able to make it to the party but still decides to meet with Bharat to see how good or rather bad he is. Before Bharat arrives at Ranjeet\'s residence, Sheetal leaves after an altercation with Ranjeet. When Ranjeet asks Bharat to call his family doctor, he accidentally calls Ranjeet\'s girlfriend Suman Rao . Ranjeet asks Bharat to leave his home for all the mess he has created. Ranjeet tries to get information regarding Sheetal\'s whereabout. Bharat offers to help and calls Sheetal\'s previous boyfriend Anant Ghoshal  under a false identity. Instead, he ends up giving Ranjeet\'s Landline number that makes it obvious to Anant that Ranjeet is trying to get all details. Anant tells Ranjeet that Sheetal might have gone to Keval Arora, a sex-freak. It turns out that a colleague of Bharat, Asif Merchant , who is also an inspector for the income tax department, knows the whereabouts of Keval. Asif is a snobby character who loves to watch cricket and is an ardent fan of Pakistan. Later, it turns out in a series of funny events that it was Asif\'s wife who is with Keval Arora. While trying to mend the relationship between Ranjeet and Sheetal, Suman tells Bharat that he was called by Ranjeet to make a fool of him and have fun at his expense. This hurts Bharat, but the good-hearted Bharat still wants to help Ranjeet by letting Sheetal know how sorry Ranjeet is because of his acts and how much he loves her. However, he again messes up and the film ends on a funny note.'] ["The audience is introduced to Andreas Winkelman, a man living alone and emotionally desolate after the recent demise of his marriage. He meets Anna, who is grieving the recent deaths of her husband and son. She uses a cane as a result of the car crash that killed them. While Anna uses Andreas' phone, he listens to her conversation, after which she departs visibly distraught. Anna has left her handbag behind and Andreas searches it, finding and reading a letter from her husband that will later prove she is deceptive. Andreas is friends with a married couple, Eva and Elis  who are also in the midst of psychological turmoil. Elis is a photographer who organizes his work based on emotion. Eva feels Elis has grown tired of her and has problems sleeping. One night while Elis is away, Eva visits Andreas, as she is bored and lonely. They listen to music and drink wine, which makes them drowsy, and finally Eva sleeps for several hours. When she wakes up, they have sex. Afterward, she explains that during her only pregnancy years ago, she went to the hospital to treat her insomnia. The medicine they gave her helped her condition but killed the child. She conveys that it allowed her and Elis to share a moment of emotional affinity. Andreas visits Elis whom he promised could photograph him. Elis leaves the room for a moment and Eva enters. In their conversation, Eva reveals that Anna has moved in with Andreas, and though she is not displeased , she warns him to be wary of Anna. Elis enters the room; when Eva asks him why he looks angry, he says he only gets angry at human trifles . Their relationship is not passionate but Andreas and Anna start off relatively content. Anna appears zealous in her faith and steadfast in her search for truth, but gradually her delusions surface-reinforced by what Andreas read in the letter. For his part, Andreas is unable to overcome his feelings of deep humiliation about himself and remains disconnected, further dooming the relationship with Anna, as he prefers solitude and freedom to companionship. Throughout the film, an unknown person among the island community commits acts of animal cruelty, hanging a dog and violently killing cattle. A friend of Andreas is wrongly accused of these crimes, leading the community to threaten and beat him, catalyzing his suicide. Within a few days of the friend's death, Anna and Andreas have a physical fight during which they reveals their strong distaste for each other. Afterwards Anna lays in bed while Andreas follows two firetrucks that passed his home. They were headed to a large barn fire. When Andreas arrives, he is told that the unknown man who is the true culprit of the animal cruelty covered a barn full of animals in gasoline and lit it on fire, locking the animals in. It is obvious to the community that Andreas' friend was unjustly abused and committed suicide because of flimsy human suspicion, therefore, chances for healing are lost. Anna shows up at the fire in her car. Andreas gets in. As they drive down the road beside the sea, Andreas explains that he desires his solitude again and that their parting will not be difficult as neither one truly loved the other. He also reveals that he knows the truth about her husband. Anna begins to speed the car while he talks. He asks if she is going to kill him like she killed her husband and they fight over the wheel, eventually he stops the car in the flat ground beside the road. He tells her she is out of her mind. Anna drives away while Andreas paces back and forth on the side of the road. Bergman uses his deconstructionist devices, cutting occasionally to his actors being interviewed about their characters, scratched lenses, and uncorrected muted colour, and inserts others' footage into reels. There is a black and white filmed dream sequence (that alludes to his earlier film, [[Shame  to contrast with Nykvist's muted colour photography."] ["Suzanne, a puppeteer, lives with her young son Simon in an apartment in Paris. While her daughter Louise is away in Brussels and she is worried over a financial battle with her tenant, Marc, Suzanne hires a Chinese filmmaker named Song as Simon's new nanny."] ['Hiroshima mon amour concerns a series of conversations  over a 36-hour long period between a French actress , referred to as She, and a Japanese architect , referred to as He. They have had a brief relationship, and are now separating. The two debate memory and forgetfulness as She prepares to depart, comparing failed relationships with the bombing of Hiroshima and the perspectives of people inside and outside the incidents. The early part of the film recounts, in the style of a documentary but narrated by the so far unidentified characters, the effects of the Hiroshima bomb on August 6, 1945, in particular the loss of hair and the complete anonymity of the remains of some victims. He had been conscripted into the Japanese army and his family was in Hiroshima on that day. The film uses highly structured repetitive dialogue, mostly consisting of Her narration, with Him interjecting to say she is wrong, lying, confused, or to deny and contradict her statements with the film\'s famous line "You are not endowed with memory". Although He disagrees and rejects many of the things She says, he pursues her constantly. The film is peppered with dozens of brief flashbacks to Her life; in her youth in the French town Nevers, she was shamed and had her head shaved as punishment for having a love affair with a German soldier, which she juxtaposes with the loss of the hair "which the women of Hiroshima will find has fallen out in the morning."'] ["As the movie begins the viewer is introduced to Pricò, a young Italian boy who lives with his parents in a middle-class household. His mother, Nina, takes him to a local park where he enjoys his time out while watching a puppet show, but is also concerned with a handsome lover named Roberto  courting his mother while he is assumed to not be paying attention. As the boy returns home, the family has dinner while Pricò reflects on his day in the park. Later that night, after his mother puts him to bed, she runs off with the stranger, leaving Pricò's father distressed at the idea of having to raise his son himself. While their neighbors share a number of rumors concerning the disappearance of Nina, it is quickly agreed that she ran off with another man. While concerned with her disappearance, Nina quickly returns to the home after a few days for the sake of their son. While the father, Andrea, is not entirely pleased with this arrangement, he relents so that his son may grow up in the same house as his mother. To distance herself from Roberto, Nina and Andrea agree to go on vacation with their son to a nearby beach hotel. The vacation occupies their time, seemingly happy with the prospect of a reunion. After Andrea says that he must go back home to his job, he suggests that Nina stay with Pricò a few extra days that they may enjoy their time. After leaving, Nina is again pursued by Roberto who shows up unexpectedly at a hotel dance, at first successfully keeping him away. But after yielding to him once again, Pricò is dismayed by her lack of faith. After Pricò runs away, he is eventually brought back by the police officers while the hotel residents quickly start their own rumors as to the cause of his departing. After Pricò and his mother return to their home town, Nina tells him outside their home to go on up and that she'll be up after going on an errand. When Pricò goes to see his father upstairs, he and his father realize the truth of why Nina is not there. Again distressed at the elopement of his wife, Andrea enrolls Pricò in a boarding school. While his son is away, Andrea kills himself in despair. When Pricò is told of the death at the school, both his mother and faithful maid are there to comfort him. Though very young, Pricò understands the nature of his mother, refusing to go to her for comfort in favor of his maid. The film ends with Pricò walking off, refusing to acknowledge his mother."] [" * Shashi Kapoor as Javed Khan * Jennifer Kendal as Mariam Labadoor * Naseeruddin Shah as Sarfaraz Khan * Shabana Azmi as Firdaus, Javed Khan's wife * Nafisa Ali as Ruth Labadoor * Kulbhushan Kharbanda as Lala Ramjimal * Sushma Seth as Javed Khan's chachi * Tom Alter as Mr. Labadoor * Amrish Puri as the Narrator  The story is set around the Indian Rebellion of 1857. Javed Khan  is a feckless feudal chieftain, whose world revolves around breeding carrier pigeons. His younger brother, Sarfaraz Khan  is politically awakened and actively plots the fight for Indian Independence. Freedom fighters attack the local British administrators while they are in Sunday Worship at Church, massacring them all. Miriam Labadoor  manages to escape with her daughter, Ruth  and seeks refuge with the wealthy Hindu family of Lala Ramjimal . Lala is torn between his loyalties for India and his privileged position under the British. However, matters are taken out of his hand by Javed Khan who barges in Lala's house and forcibly takes away Ruth and her family to his own house. This leads to jealousy on part of his wife, Firdaus  and anger on part of his brother, who ultimately gives in to the Indian tradition of offering hospitality and sanctuary even to uninvited guests. Various situations ensue due to cultural misunderstandings in the domestic routine of the Muslim household with its new English guests. Javed falls in love with Ruth, and wants to marry her but is opposed bitterly by her mother. There are simmerings of a love affair under the watchful suspicious eyes of Firdaus. Meanwhile the Rebellion runs into problems and the British are defeating the ill-organized Indian forces. In a stormy scene, Sarfaraz destroys Javed's pigeon coops and sets his pets aflight after he finds out that Indian forces have lost the Battle for Delhi. There is a delayed recognition by Javed of his subjugated identity as an Indian colonised by the British. Sarfaraz dies in a battle against the British. The Labadoors return to the protection of the re-deployed British contingent, smuggled by Firdaus, who only wants to save her marriage. Javed finds out that Labadoors have sought sanctuary in the church and rushes there to meet Ruth one last time but is turned away by her mother. The movie ends here and the voiceover informs that Javed is martyred fighting the British while Ruth and her mother return to England. Ruth dies fifty five years later, still unwed."] ["Persons on both sides of a bloody political struggle search for grace and forgiveness in this emotional drama. Velayudhan  is a young man living in a place torn apart by civil strife. In the midst of a raging street war, he kills his best friend. He was overcome by guilt and remorse for his actions as Narayani , his friend's mother, tries to hold herself together while she arranges for her son's funeral. Velayudhan's mother Karthiyayani  goes to a temple and prays for her son's forgiveness despite his violence and wrongdoing. There she meets Narayani who is stricken with her own feelings of grief over the death of her child."] ['At dawn on Monday July 10, 1961, a young literary translator, Vittoria , breaks off her relationship with Riccardo  in his apartment in the EUR residential district of Rome, following a long night of conversation. Riccardo tries to persuade her to stay, saying he wants to make her happy, but she turns out the lights in his apartment, tells him she no longer loves him, and leaves. As she walks the deserted early-morning streets past the EUR water tower, Riccardo catches up and walks with her through a wooded area to her apartment building at 307 Viale dell\'Umanesimo, where they say their final goodbyes. Sometime later, Vittoria visits her mother  at the Rome Stock Exchange. Observers and investors look on nervously as the traders rush about gesturing wildly and making their trades. A young stockbroker, Piero , overhears an inside tip, rushes to purchase the stocks, and then sells them at a large profit. Piero introduces himself to Vittoria; he is her mother\'s stock broker. All activity comes to a halt as an announcement is made requesting a moment of silence for a colleague who died recently of a heart attack. Phones continue during the silence. Following the moment of silence, the room erupts in frenzied activity again. Outside the Stock Exchange Building, Vittoria and her mother walk to a nearby open market. Vittoria tries to tell her about her failed relationship, but her mother is preoccupied with the profits she just earned and her food shopping. That evening, Vittoria\'s neighbor Anita  comes to visit and they discuss the breakup. Vittoria says, "I\'m so tired and depressed. Disgusted and confused." Another neighbor, Marta , calls and invites them to her apartment nearby. Marta talks about the farm she and her husband have in Kenya, and how beautiful it is there. Deciding to have a little fun, Vittoria dresses up as an African dancer with dark makeup, and then dances around the apartment. Marta, however, is not amused and asks Vittoria to stop. The conversation becomes ugly as the colonialist Marta talks about the "monkeys" who are arming themselves and threatening the minority whites. Vittoria and Anita dismiss the talk, and after Marta\'s dog Zeus gets free of the house, the women take off after him. Vittoria is fascinated by the sound of the fencing in the wind. Back in her apartment, Riccardo calls for her, but she hides and does not answer him. The next day, Vittoria and Anita fly to Verona in a small airplane. On the way, Vittoria is fascinated by the clouds. At the airport, she watches the airplanes taking off and landing with childlike wonder. "It\'s so nice here," she tells Anita. Meanwhile back at the Rome Stock Exchange, Piero is busy making trades. Vittoria arrives at the Stock Exchange and learns that her mother lost about ten million lire. Another man lost fifty million. Vittoria follows the man through the crowded streets to a small cafe, where she sees him drawing flowers on a small piece of paper and drinking mineral water before moving on. She meets up with Piero and he drives her to her mother\'s apartment in his Alfa Romeo Giulietta sportscar. She shows him framed family pictures and her room growing up. Piero tries to kiss her but she avoids his pass. Piero drives back to his office on Via Po near Via Salaria, where he must break the bad news to his investors. After work outside his office, Piero meets with a call girl he previously arranged to meet, but is disappointed that she recently changed her hair color from blonde to brunette. Deciding not to go with her, Piero drives to Vittoria\'s apartment and stands outside her window. He hears her typing. After a drunk walks by and notices Vittoria at the window, Piero comes over. While they are talking, the drunk steals Piero\'s sportscar. The next morning, Piero and Vittoria arrive at the crash site where the drunk drove the car into a lake. Vittoria watches as they pull the car with the body from the water. As they walk away, Vittoria is surprised that Piero is concerned about the dents and the motor, rather than the dead man. They enjoy a playful walk through a park. When they reach her building, Vittoria unties a balloon from a carriage and calling to her new friend Marta tells her to shoot the balloon, which she does as it ascends into the sky. When they reach her building, he kisses her, but she seems uneasy. Before she leaves, she drops a piece of wood into a barrel of water. That evening, Vittoria tries to call Piero, but his phone is busy. When she finally reaches him, she does not speak. The next day, while waiting outside near her house, Vittoria looks in the barrel of water and sees the wood is still there. Piero arrives and tells her he bought a new BMW to replace his Alfa Romeo. She asks to go to his place. They walk past a nurse wheeling a young girl in a baby carriage. Piero takes her to his parents\' apartment, which is filled with beautiful works of art and sculpture. As they talk, she seems nervous and unwilling to open up to him: "Two people shouldn\'t know each other too well if they want to fall in love. But then maybe they shouldn\'t fall in love at all." They converse playfully, kiss each other through a glass window, and then kiss passionately. After he accidentally tears her dress, she goes into a bedroom and looks at the old family pictures. At the window she looks down to the street where she sees two nuns walking, some people talking at a cafe, a lone soldier standing on a corner waiting. Piero comes to the bedroom and they make love. Sometime later, Piero and Vittoria are lying on a hill looking up at the sky. He looks around and says, "I feel like I\'m in a foreign country." She says that\'s how she feels around him. He gets upset when he doesn\'t understand what she\'s feeling. She says, "I wish I didn\'t love you or that I loved you much more." Sometime later at his office, Vittoria and Piero kiss and embrace playfully on the coach, even wrestling on the floor like children. When an alarm goes off, they prepare to part. They embrace and talk of seeing each other every day. They agree to meet that evening at 8:00 pm at the "usual place" near her apartment. That evening, on Sunday September 10, 1961, neither shows up at the appointed meeting place.The final sequence contains images that were presented earlier in the film: a nurse with a child, a horsedrawn buggy, a man walking by, trees rustling in the wind, water running from a barrel, people waiting for a bus, sprinklers going off, a blonde woman walking by, a piece of wood floating in a water barrel, and people coming home from work. The sky grows dark and the streetlights come on.'] ['Choubra is a cosmopolitan neighborhood of Cairo. Hatem, a shady police officer, handles it with an iron hand. Every single citizen fears and hates him. Only Nour, a young woman he lusts after, dares stand up to him. But Nour is secretly in love with Cherif, a brilliant and uncorrupted deputy prosecutor. Green with envy, Hatem tries to come between them. He wants Nour for himself and he makes her life a nightmare. Another love story like Choubra has known since the beginnings of time...'] ["The film tells the story of a lonely housewife, known as Charu , who lives a wealthy, secluded and idle life in 1870's Calcutta. Her husband, Bhupati , runs a newspaper, The Sentinel, and spends more time at work than with his wife. However, he notices that Charu is lonely, and asks his cousin, Amal , to keep her company. Amal is a writer and is asked to help Charu with her own writing. However, after some time, Charu and Amal's feelings for each other move beyond those of a mentoring relationship as Charu begins a latent sexual attraction towards Amal. Amal is unwilling to betray his cousin's trust that has already suffered at the hands of Charu's swindling brother, Umapada. He abruptly leaves, and after Charu hysterically submits to her disappointment in the presence of Bhupati, there is nothing left but for the forsaken woman and her humiliated husband to forge a contrived reconciliation.{{cite web}}"] ["The plot revolves around a young man who has an affair with an older woman. He is very jealous of her husband and decides that they should kill him. One night, after the husband had plenty of sake to drink and was in bed, they strangle him and dump his body down a well. To avert any suspicions, she pretends her husband has gone off to Tokyo to work. For three years the wife and her lover secretly see each other. Finally, suspicions become very strong and people begin to gossip. To make matters worse, her husband's ghost begins to haunt her and the law arrives to investigate her husband's disappearance."] ['In Poland in 1968, a little girl is shown the stars in the winter sky by her mother, who identifies the Christmas Eve star. In France, a little girl is shown one of the first leaves of spring by her mother, who points out the fine veins running through. In Poland in 1990, a young Polish woman named Weronika  is singing at an outdoor concert with her choir when a sudden downpour causes the singers to rush for cover. Weronika alone continues to hold the last note while the rain falls on her smiling face. After the concert, Weronika meets her boyfriend, Antek , and they go to his apartment to make love. The next day she asks her father to tell Antek she is leaving to be with her sick aunt in Kraków. She tells him that lately she feels she\'s not alone in the world. Weronika travels to Kraków by train looking out at the passing landscape through a small clear rubber ball. At her aunt\'s house, Weronika talks about her boyfriend, then meets a friend at a concert rehearsal. As the choir rehearses, Weronika, who is watching offstage, accompanies them in a beautiful high soprano voice. Afterwards, the musical director asks her to audition. Overjoyed, Weronika rushes home with the sheet music. On the way, she passes through Main Market Square, where a protest rally is in progress. One protester runs into her, causing her to drop her music folder. After retrieving the sheet music, Weronika notices a French tourist taking photos of the protestors—a young woman who looks exactly like her. Weronika smiles as she watches her double board the tourist bus that soon pulls away. At the audition, Weronika\'s singing impresses the musical director and conductor, and is later told that she won the audition. The next day, while on a trolley studying the score, Weronika notices her boyfriend Antek following on his motorbike. When they talk, she apologizes for not returning his calls, and Antek tells her he loves her. Later, while getting dressed for the concert, Weronika presses her face against a window and sees an old woman with shopping bags slowly making her way along the street. That night during the concert, while singing a solo part, Weronika collapses onstage and dies—her spirit passing over the audience. In Paris that day, a young French woman named Véronique , after making love with her former boyfriend, is overwhelmed with sadness, as if she were grieving. The next day, at the school where she teaches music, Véronique attends a marionette performance with her class. During the performance—a story about a ballet dancer who breaks her leg and then turns into a butterfly—Véronique watches the puppeteer controlling the marionettes.{{#tag:ref|The puppet acts in The Double Life of Véronique were performed by American puppeteer and sculptor Bruce Schwartz. Unlike most puppeteers who usually hide their hands in gloves or use strings or sticks, Schwartz shows his hands while performing.|group"musicolog">{{cite web}} That night while driving home, she sees the puppeteer at a traffic light motioning to her not to light the wrong end of her cigarette. Later she is awakened by a phone call with no one speaking, but in the background she hears a choir singing the music of Van den Budenmayer. The next day, Véronique drives to her father\'s house where she reveals she is in love with someone she doesn\'t know, and that recently she felt she was alone—that someone was gone from her life. Back in Paris, Véronique receives a mysterious letter containing a shoelace which she throws away. That night she is awakened by a strange light reflecting from a neighbor\'s mirror. Véronique retrieves the mysterious shoelace, and later while contemplating her recent EKG graph, she holds the shoestring across the graph paper in a straight line. Véronique learns that the puppeteer is a children\'s book author named Alexandre Fabbri , whose marionette story was based on his book Libellule & Papillon. One of his other books is about a shoelace. In the coming days, Véronique reads several of Alexandre\'s books. When Véronique visits her father, he gives her a package addressed to her containing a cassette tape. When she\'s alone, she listens to the mysterious recording of a typewriter, footsteps, a door opening, a train station, and a fragment of music by Van den Budenmayer. There are also sounds of a car accident and explosion. The postage stamp on the envelope leads Véronique to a Gare Saint-Lazare train station cafe where she believes the cassette recording was made. There she sees Alexandre sitting by himself, as if waiting for her. He tells her he\'s been waiting for her for two days, that he\'s working on a new book, and that this was a kind of experiment to see if she would come to him. Angered at being manipulated, Véronique leaves and takes a taxi to a nearby hotel, After checking in, she sees Alexandre, who apparently ran after the taxi. He asks for her forgiveness, and she brings him up to her room, where they both fall asleep. During the night, he wakes her up and tells her he loves her, and they make love. The next morning she tells him, "All my life I\'ve felt like I was here and somewhere else at the same time." While looking at a proof sheet of photos taken on Véronique\'s recent trip to Poland, Alexandre notices what he thinks is a photo of Véronique, but she assures him it is not her, that she in fact took the photo—of a young Polish woman carrying a music folder. Véronique crumples the proof sheet and breaks down in tears. Alexandre comforts her and they make love again. Later at his apartment, Véronique sees Alexandre working on a new marionette with her image. When asked about the purpose of a second identical marionette, Alexandre explains, "I handle them a lot when I perform. They get damaged easily." He shows her how to work the one marionette while the double lays lifeless on the table. Some time later, Alexandre reads his new book to Véronique about two women, born the same day in different cities, who have a mysterious connection. Later that day, Véronique arrives at her father\'s house, stops at the front gate, and reaches out and touches an old tree.At the request of Harvey Weinstein, the United States distributor, Kieślowski added four brief shots to the end of the film showing Véronique\'s father emerging from the house and Véronique running across the yard to embrace him. The final image of the father and daughter embracing is shot from inside the house through a window.'] ["Bhumika tells the life story of a Bollywood actress, Usha ,who is the granddaughter of a famous female singer of the old tradition from Devadasi community of Goa. Usha's mother married to an abusive and alcoholic Brahmin. Following his early death, and over her mother’s objections, Usha is taken to Bombay by family hanger-on Keshav Dalvi  to successfully audition as a singer in a Bombay studio: the first step in a process, watched approvingly by her doting grandmother and with horror by her mother, that will eventually carry her to on-camera adolescent stardom, and to an ill-starred love marriage with Keshav. Usha’s motives for stubbornly pursuing this relationship  with the unattractive and much older Keshav—who appears to have lusted after her since childhood—are not spelled out. Presumably she feels indebted to him for his loyalty to her family  and for her own worldly success; she is also a headstrong girl who clearly enjoys her acting career and is bent on challenging her uptight mother . Once the two are wed, Usha is shocked to find Keshav continuing to act as her “business manager,” arranging starring roles for her opposite hunky heartthrob Rajan , who is himself in  love with her. Since Keshav’s other business ventures are unsuccessful, the family remains entirely dependent on Usha’s earnings — a fact that Keshav clearly resents. He thus becomes both a jealous husband with a fragile ego and nasty temper, as well as  a greedy pimp who compels his wife to take risqué work despite her dislike of her costar and her protests that she “only wants to be a housewife” now that their daughter has been born. Not surprisingly, the relationship becomes increasingly poisoned, particularly by Keshav’s assumption  that she is in fact having an affair with Rajan. Verbally and physically abused by her husband and periodically obliged to live in a hotel, separated from her daughter and mother, the desperately unhappy actress eventually does instigate two unsatisfying liaisons—with the nihilistic and self-centered director Sunil Verma , with whom she plots a double-suicide , and then with the wealthy businessman Vinayak Kale , who keeps her as a pampered mistress on his palatial estate. Here Usha briefly finds a kind of “respectability” as a de facto second wife, earning a measure of love and admiration from Kale’s mother, son, and bedridden first wife—but  at the cost of even the most rudimentary freedom. Unable to abide by Kale’s hypocritical domestic rules, she finds her only hope of escape to lie in the intervention of the hated Keshav, who promptly brings her back to a Bombay festooned with billboards of her own face, and to the same drab hotel and lonely prospects. As Kale’s bitter wife remarks to Usha as the latter prepares to leave, “The beds change, the kitchens change. Men’s masks change, but men don’t change.” One thing the movie could not clarify was the reason why Usha liked and then disliked Rajan. The climax of the movie is gloomy and the viewer is left out to seek the message of the movie on their own. http://www.uiowa.edu/~incinema/Bhumika.html"] ["Laura, played by Fanny Valette, is a Jewish philosophy student who has put Kantian reasoning above all emotions, including love. In the film, Laura's interaction with Djamel, an Muslim coworker played by Hédi Tillette de Clermont-Tonerre, exposes how Laura struggles to live by her rationalist principles as she succumbs into her feelings for Djamel. However, as Laura admits to feeling affection for Djamel, she is upset when she learns that they cannot have a life on their own because Djamel cannot afford to confront his family. Western philosophy has also made Laura very skeptical of the teachings of the Torah, undermining her relationships with her Orthodox Jewish family. Her family consists of her mother, her sister Mathilde , her devout brother in-law Ariel , and her young nieces and nephews.  Ariel and Mathilde's troubled marital relationship reinforces the film's theme of conflict. Mathilde  is a woman who strictly abides by the traditions of the Torah, and believes sexual pleasure is forbidden. Ariel does not want to ask his wife to do things in bed that only he enjoys, and has an extramarital affair, for he does not dare to encumber his wife's modesty. Mathilde, however, seeks advice from the woman at the mikvah, or ritual bath, who corrects her and reassures her that Jewish law does not forbid pleasure in conjugal relations. As the film progresses, Mathilde gains more comfort, and the happiness in her marriage is reclaimed. The passing of time is marked in the film by Jewish holidays, beginning with Rosh Hashanah and more specifically Tashlikh. Also shown are community celebrations of Simchat Torah and Purim."] ["Gertrud, a former opera singer in Stockholm in the early 20th century, is married to the lawyer and politician Gustav Kanning. Gertrud tells her husband that he has become more in love with his career and status than with her. She also tells him that she has met another man who loves her more than anything else, and that she therefore prefers him to her husband and wants a divorce. Gertrud meets her lover, the promising young pianist Erland Jansson, in a park. The two go to Jansson's house. Gertrud tells him how devoted she is to him. In the evening Gustav goes to pick Gertrud up at the opera where she had said she would be, but can't find her. The next evening the Kannings attend a dinner party at the house of the poet Gabriel Lidman, with whom Gertrud has had a relationship in the past. Gertrud greets her friend Axel Nyman who attends the same party. Gustav confronts Gertrud about the opera, and demands one last night with her before the separation. Lidman tells Gertrud that he had met Jansson at a party where he had bragged about Gertrud as his latest conquest. When Gertrud meets with Jansson the next day she tells him that she wants to go away with him and leave everything else behind. He tells her that he cannot, because he is expecting a child with another woman. Lidman makes an attempt to persuade Gertrud to leave with him instead, but without success; when Lidman and Gertrud were a couple, just like Kanning, he had valued his career above her. Kanning makes a last attempt to persuade Gertrud to stay with him, even allowing her to keep her lover at the same time. The attempt fails and Gertrud moves alone to Paris to study psychology. Thirty years later, Gertrud, together with Nygren, looks back at her life. She says that love is the only thing that means anything in life. She is now alone because of her refusal to compromise on that position, but does not regret anything."] ["After the death of his wife, Gurupada Mitter , an advocate, has not been at peace. He and his daughter Buchki , meet Birinchi . Birinchi Baba claims to be ageless. He tells stories from the past; about his arguments with 'Plato' about time, how he taught E=mc^2 to Einstein, and was on first-name terms with Jesu  and Gautam . Birinchi Baba has a growing band of rich devotees. Gurupada decides to patronize the holy man and become his disciple. Daughter Buchki is disappointed with her lover Satya. To teach him a lesson, she tells Satya that she is going to leave him and become a disciple of Birinchi Baba. Satya turns to his friend Nibaran for his help. It does not take Nibaran long to realize that Birinchi Baba is a fraud. Nibaran and friends expose Birinchi Baba. The devotees feel foolish and perhaps have learnt a lesson."] ['The film traces the origins of the movement through its fictionalized narrative, based around rural empowerment, when a young veterinary surgeon, played by Girish Karnad, a character based on then, National Dairy Development Board chief, the 33 year old Dr. Verghese Kurien,Manthan Review Channel 4. who joined hands with local social worker, Tribhovandas Patel, which led to the setting up a local milk cooperative, in Anand, Gujarat. In the film, Dr. Rao, comes to a village, to set up a dairy cooperative, which upsets not just the middlemen, who were hitherto exploiting the villagers, but also the age-old feudal structure of the village, soon an uprising is sparked among the local untouchables, which leads to an economic revolution as well.Manthan  – The Churning – Overview New York Times.'] ["Jeanne Dielman examines a single mother's regimented schedule of cooking, cleaning and mothering over three days. The mother, Jeanne Dielman , prostitutes herself to a male client daily for her and her son's subsistence. Like her other activities, Jeanne's prostitution is part of the routine she performs every day by rote and is uneventful. But on the second day, Jeanne's routine begins to unravel subtly, as she drops a newly washed spoon and overcooks the potatoes that she's preparing for dinner. These alterations to Jeanne's existence prepare for the climax on the third day, when she unexpectedly has an orgasm with the day's client, after which she stabs him fatally with a pair of scissors.Stanley Cavell on Film, ed. William Rothman, SUNY at Stony Brook Press, 2005, p. 257"] ['Set during the German occupation of Paris during the Second World War, it tells the story of Lucas Steiner, a Jewish theatre director and his Gentile wife, Marion Steiner, who struggles to keep him concealed from the Nazis in their theatre cellar while she performs both his former job as the director and hers as an actress.'] ['In September 1980, a film crew comes to a village to make a film about a famine, which killed five million Bengalees in 1943. It was a man made famine, a side- product of the war, and the film crew will create the tragedy of those millions who died of starvation. The film documents the convivial life among the film crew and the hazards, problems and tension of film making on location. The actors live a double life, and the villagers, both simple and not-so-simple folk watch their work with wonder and suspicion. But as the film progresses, the recreated past begins to confront the present. The uneasy coexistence of 1943 and 1980 reveals bizarre connection, involving a village woman whose visions add a further dimension of time—that of future. A disturbing situation, indeed, for the “famine-seekers”!'] ['Feluda played by Soumitra, the sharp and witty detective from Calcutta, his cousin Topshe and friend Lalmohan Ganguly played by Santosh Dutta visit Benaras , a town on the banks of Ganges. In Benaras they meet a Bengali family. On coming to know that Feluda is a famous detective the head of this family invites him to his place and tells him about theft of an idol of Ganesha, the elephant God. This idol is made of pure gold and is a prized possession of the family,which the ancestor has brought from Nepal and is supposed to bring good luck to the family. "Maganlal Meghraj"  a wealthy businessman from Benaras has had his eyes set on the idol. Feluda promises to help the family in finding the idol. Meanwhile, the sculptor who was sculpting the Durga idol for the Durga Puja festival is murdered and the mystery deepens. Feluda uses his brilliant detective skills to unravel the mystery and bring the culprits to the book. The story has two sub plots. On the one hand, it is the story of the acquisitive instinct of a greedy Marwari businessman, who would spare no expenses or ways to get what he desires, even if it is at the cost of murdering some innocents and bribing the willing. On the other, it is also the tale of cautionary foresight exercised by the family head. The sights and sounds and the brilliant cinematography and photographic imagery takes the nostalgic viewer to a lost world of the innocence, the beauty and the freshness of a north Indian town, that is at once, far from the madding corruptibility of big cities. Subaltern texts like the caste and the communal divide do make their presence felt, but they exist as subplots, that further enrich the viewer\'s understanding.'] ['Following the battle of Sekigahara, Takezo  and his friend Matahachi  find themselves on the losing side. Instead of the grand victory and glory Takezo had anticipated, he finds himself a hunted fugitive. The pair seek shelter with a widow and her daughter. Both women attempt to seduce Takezo but are rejected. The widow then tells Matahachi that Takezo tried to assault her and convinces him to escort her and her daughter to Kyoto. Matahachi agrees even though he loves  Otsu , a woman from his village. Takezo returns to his village to tell Matahachi\'s family that he is still alive. Matahachi\'s mother doesn\'t believe him and he is arrested for treason. There is a village wide search for Takezo, organized by the lord. Even after using his relatives as bait, the villagers cannot catch Takezo. Takezo is finally captured by the Buddhist priest Takuan Sōhō, who tells the lord that he must be allowed to use his methods to control him. The priest believes that he can straighten him out, but Takezo escapes with Otsu\'s help. Takezo is then captured again by the priest after finding out that Otsu has been taken to Himeji Castle. He is tricked and locked in a room in the castle for three years. The end of the film shows Takezo being granted his samurai name \'Musashi Miyamoto.\' He then leaves to search for enlightenment, leaving two messages for Otsu: "Soon I will be back" and "Forgive me."'] ['Mina, a young girl, finds her mother has failed to pick her up from school, so she decides to walk home on her own. The movie is about her endeavor to find her way home amidst the noise, confusion and chaos of Tehran. Mina is dressed in school uniform , has one arm in a cast and is holding a school bag in the other. She meets a lot of people on her way and most of them try to help her while others are surprisingly apathetic to her situation. The movie captures the little girl\'s progress from timidity to cautious bravery. Eventually the movie takes a turn when the girl looks into the camera for the first time, breaking the fourth wall, and someone shouts from off-screen, "Mina, don\'t look into the camera!" The movie is a real life capture of events thereon . Mina announces that she doesn\'t want to act in the movie any more and wants to go home. So, she actually becomes the character she is portraying. It is not clear if this is part of the screenplay and made to look that way or if this is really the case. In the end she goes home after returning the microphone. The title Mirror comes from this transition of reel life into real life and mirroring its story.'] ["Based on the novel with the same title by Norbert D'Souza, Dweepa deals with the raging issue of building dams and the displacement of natives. Located in the backwaters of a dam, Sita Parvata is an island slowly submerging due to the rains. The government succeeds in evacuating the inmates of the island by giving them compensation for the properties they own. The village temple priest Duggajja, his son Ganapa and his daughter in law Nagi find it impossible to leave their homeland and make a living with the meagre compensation given by the government. They have but a small hut, which earns them a compensation of {{INR}}25,000. In Ganapa's own words, the compensation can give them food and shelter, but cannot compensate for the love and respect of their people. On the island, they are important people, but outside, they would be one among hundreds of families struggling to make a living. Centered around this complex theme, the film narrates the struggles of the family and how ultimately in the end they manage to continue life on the island."] ['Soumitra Chatterjee plays Narsingh, a taxi driver. Narsingh is a proud and hot-tempered Rajput with a passion for his car, a vintage 1930 Chrysler and his Rajput heritage. Being a descendent of the royal family of rajput his self-esteem is reflected through his inability of accepting insult and defeat, as a result he even takes part into small race with his car. He does not want to be the one who falls behind and develops a strong hatred of women and mankind in general. As a result of reckless driving which was actually overtaking the same car which carried the district inspector, his licence was sacked. He was utterly destroyed by it, since the cab was his life after his wife had left him for good, deep into the gloom of the insult and a feeling of rootlessness he decided to go back to the land of rajput where the true rajput blood will be respected. While on the way for an aimless journey, Narasingh was picked up by Sukharam who is a local Marwari businessman with a record of smuggling and trafficking of village girls.  Sukhanram  offers him a handsome fee to transport some goods which is nothing other than opium. The realisation of the immoral trade puts Narshing into position of compromising his faith to proud Rajput blood. But he decides to join hand with Sukhanram, after all no one he saw was truly following the law and morality not even his ideal and beloved Neeli . Neeli runs away with the crippled lover of hers and the deep distrust in Narshings mind for women deepens. As a result even after knowing that Gulabi is a victim of Sukhanrams trafficking he forces her to sleep with him without any emotional involvement. At this point he is almost on the verge of becoming the one he used to hate, the lawless ones who are also coward to face the world. Gulabi on the other hand is a melancholy, demonstrative and beautiful village widow, Gulabi . Gulabi is instinctively drawn to Narsingh. Who even after losing so much of her dignity looks at the bright side of life and has trust that Narshing is not immoral. She right from the beginning is attracted to him and ready for a physical relationship, thoguh not as a prostitute which Sukhanram wanted to make her in time, but as a village girl.  After he decides to join the gang of smugglers consisting of a legal deal and selling his car he finds that all of his friends who still were there with him Rama, and Neeli&#39;s brother are no longer with him. He got the money and social status he wanted but became like Mama Bhagne a symbol for human being carrying the baggage of its own sin on top of its head, ready to topple anytime and be reduced to mere pebbles with no dignity. He changes, and rescues Gulabi just in time she was to be sold to the same lawer who was a member of the smuggling racket he thought of joining. The tension of the good and evil collapses and the old car makes another journey into nothingness but a definite halo of light ahead of it, the light of love.'] ['Pitfall is set against the background of labour relations in the Japanese mining industry, but the film owes as much to surrealism as it does to "socially aware" drama. The mine in the film is divided into two pits, the old one and the new one, each represented by a different trade union faction. A mysterious man in white, whose identity we never learn, murders an unemployed miner who bears an uncanny resemblance to the union leader at the old pit and bribes the only witness to frame the union leader of the new pit. The two union leaders go to the murder scene to investigate only to come across the body of the witness, who has subsequently been killed by the man in white. They blame one another and begin a fight which ends in both their deaths. The film ends with the man in white observing them before riding off on his motorcycle, satisfied his mission is complete. Beyond this realistic plot, Pitfall shows us the realm of the dead as well as the living, as the ghosts of the victims look on, powerless to intervene in events and bring the truth to light.'] ["In a larger context, The Mirror depicts the thoughts and emotions of Alexei  and the world surrounding him. The structure of the film is discontinuous and non-chronological, without a conventional plot, and combines childhood memories with newsreel footage. The film switches between three different time frames: prewar, wartime and the postwar 1960s. The film opens with Alexei's son Ignat  switching on a television set and watching the examination of a stammerer by a physician. In the next scene, set in the countryside during the prewar time sequence, Alexei's mother Maria  talks with a doctor who chances to be passing by . The exterior and the interior of the house are shown, as well as a barn on fire. In a dream sequence Maria is washing her hair. Set in the postwar time frame, in the 1960s, Alexei is talking with his mother Maria on the phone while the interior of a house is shown. Switching to the prewar time frame, the mother, Maria, is shown at her work as a proofreader at a printing press. She is worrying about a mistake she may have overlooked, but is comforted by her colleague Lisa , who then reduces her to tears with withering criticism. Back in postwar time, Alexei quarrels with his wife, Natalia , who has divorced him and is living with his son Ignat. This is followed by scenes from the Spanish Civil War and the ascent of a balloon in the USSR. In the next scene the same apartment is shown, with a strange woman  sitting in one room. Ignat reads a letter by Alexander Pushkin and receives a telephone call from his father Alexei. Switching to the wartime, Alexei is shown during rifle training, inter cut by newsreel footage of the Sino-Soviet border conflict and World War II. In the next scene, the reunion of the children with the father  after the end of the war is shown. The film then returns to the quarrel between Alexei and his wife Natalia in the postwar 1960s. Switching to the prewar time, the house and the surrounding countryside are again shown, inter cut by a dreamlike sequence showing a levitating mother. The film then moves to the postwar time, showing Alexei on his deathbed. The final scene plays in the prewar time frame, showing a pregnant mother, Maria, inter cut by scenes showing Maria young and old . The Mirror draws heavily on Tarkovsky's own childhood. Childhood memories such as the evacuation from Moscow to the countryside during the war, a withdrawn father and his own mother, who actually worked as a proofreader at a printing press, feature prominently in the film."] ["The film recounts the troubled life of French sculptor Camille Claudel and her long relationship with legendary sculptor Auguste Rodin. Beginning in the 1880s with a young Claudel's first meeting with Rodin, the film traces the development of their intense romantic bond. The growth of this relationship coincides with the rise of Claudel's career, helping her overcome prejudices against female artists. However, their romance soon sours, due to the increasing pressures of Rodin's fame and his love for another woman. These difficulties combine with her increasing doubts about the value of her work to drive Claudel into an emotional tumult that threatens to become insanity."] ['The film opens on a graffiti-covered wall with Encolpio ([[Martin Potter  lamenting the loss of his lover Gitone ([[Max Born  to Ascilto . Vowing to win him back, he learns at the Thermae that Ascilto sold Gitone to the actor Vernacchio . At the theatre, he discovers Vernacchio and Gitone performing in a lewd play based on the "emperor\'s miracle": a slave\'s hand is axed off and replaced with a gold one. Encolpio storms the stage and reclaims Gitone. On their return to Encolpio\'s home in the Insula Felicles, a Roman tenement building, they walk through the vast Roman brothel known as the Lupanare, observing numerous sensual scenes. They fall asleep after making love at Encolpio\'s place. Ascilto sneaks into the room, waking Encolpio with a whiplash. Since both share the tenement room, Encolpio proposes they divide up their property and separate. Ascilto mockingly suggests they split Gitone in half. Encolpio is driven to suicidal despair, however, when Gitone decides to leave with Ascilto. At that moment, an earthquake destroys the tenement. Encolpio meets the poet Eumolpus at the art museum. The elderly poet blames current corruption on the mania for money and invites his young friend to a banquet held at the villa of Trimalchio , a wealthy freeman, and his wife Fortunata . Eumolpus\'s declamation of poetry is met with catcalls and thrown food. While Fortunata performs a frantic dance, the bored Trimalchio turns his attention to two very young boys. Scandalized, Fortunata berates her husband who attacks her then has her covered in gizzards and gravy. Fancying himself a poet, Trimalchio recites one of his finer poems whereupon Eumolpo accuses him of stealing verses from Lucretius. Enraged, Trimalchio orders the poet to be tortured by his slaves in the villa\'s huge kitchen furnace. The guests are then invited to visit Trimalchio\'s tomb where he enacts his own death in an ostentatious ceremony. The story of the Matron of Ephesus is recounted, the first of the stories within a story in the film.Bondanella, 260 Encolpio finally leaves the villa, helping the limping, beaten Eumolpo to drink water from a pool in a tilled field. In return for his kindness, Eumolpo bequeaths the spirit of poetry to his young friend. Encolpio, Gitone, and Ascilto are imprisoned on the pirate ship of Lichas, a middle-aged merchant in the emperor\'s service. Lichas selects Encolpio for a Greco-Roman wrestling match and quickly subdues him. Smitten by his beauty, Lichas takes Encolpio as his spouse in a wedding ceremony blessed by his wife, Trifena. The seasons pass. Rebel soldiers under the new Caesar overthrow Caesar, the boy emperor, who is forced to kill himself. Later, the soldiers board the ship and behead Lichas under Trifena\'s satisfied gaze. Violent political discord is evoked in a montage sequence of Roman armies on the march. To escape the new emperor, the owner of a patrician villa sets his slaves free and commits suicide with his wife. That night, Encolpio and Ascilto discover the abandoned villa and make love with an African slave girl who has stayed behind. Fleeing the villa when soldiers on horseback arrived in the courtyard to burn the patrician corpses, the two friends reach a desert. Ascilto placates a nymphomaniac\'s demands in a covered wagon while Encolpio waits outside, listening to the woman\'s servant discuss a hermaphrodite demi-god reputed to possess healing powers at the Temple of Ceres. With the aid of a mercenary, they kill two men and kidnap the hermaphrodite in the hope of obtaining a ransom. Once exposed to the desert sun, however, the hermaphrodite sickens and dies of thirst. Enraged, the mercenary tries to murder his two companions but is overpowered and killed. Captured by soldiers, Encolpio is released in a labyrinth and forced to play Theseus to a gladiator\'s Minotaur for the amusement of spectators at the festival of Momus, the God of Laughter. When the gladiator spares Encolpio\'s life because of his well-spoken words of mercy, the festival rewards the young man with Ariadne, a sensual woman with whom he must copulate as the crowd looks on. Impotent, Encolpio is publicly humiliated by Ariadne. Eumolpo offers to take him to the Garden of Delights where prostitutes are said to effect a cure for his impotence but the treatment - gentle whipping of the buttocks - fails miserably. In the second of the stories within a story in the film, the owner of the Garden of Delights narrates the tale of Enotea to Encolpio. For having rejected his advances, a sorcerer curses a beautiful young woman: she must spend her days kindling fires for the village\'s hearths from her genitalia. Inspired, Encolpio and Ascilto hire a boatman to take them to Enotea\'s home. Greeted by an old woman who has him drink a potion, Encolpio falls under a spell where his sexual prowess is restored to him by Enotea in the form of an Earth Mother figure and sorceress. When Ascilto is murdered in a field by the boatman, Encolpio decides to join Eumolpo\'s ship bound for North Africa. But Eumolpo has died in the meantime, leaving as his heirs all those willing to eat his corpse. Encolpio hasn\'t the stomach for this last and bitter mockery but is nonetheless invited by the captain to board the ship. In a voice-over, Encolpio explains that he set sail with the captain and his crew. His words end in mid-sentence, however, as a distant island appears on the horizon and the film then abruptly cuts to frescoes of the film\'s characters on a crumbling wall.'] ["Allan , an American, arrives in Ahmedabad searching for answers, to find internal peace and to understand the world and his troubled life. He choses India as his school and Gandhi as his subject of his thesis. It is here that he meets the Pithawala family — Cyrus , his wife Shernaz , son Parzan  and daughter Dilshad . The Pithawalas being Parsis follow Zoroastrianism. Through them and the teachings of an Gandhian, Allan starts to find peace of mind. The story takes place in the backdrop of the Gujarat pogroms wherein Muslims were killed and raped by extremist Hindu mobs with the supposed complicity of the Gujarat government,. Even though the Pithawala's are not Muslim, ten-year-old Parzan disappears during these riots when their surrounding homes are attacked. Cyrus, Shernaz and Dilshad manage to escape the carnage. In the aftermath of the riots, Cyrus searches for his missing child while fighting for his own sanity. While assisting the Pithawalas in their search, Allan battles to uncover the reason behind the riots in an effort to make some sense of the incident. People start to question government's official explanation of the incident which downplays any conspiracy. As a result, a Human Rights Commission is formed. Through the commission, several witnesses and victims testify against the indifference of the police to protect them from the rioters. The film ends with a dedication to the victims of communal violence."] ["The story is based in Benares and is about Pandit Chaturvedi , a highly revered and learned Brahmin priest. A baby is abandoned by a woman and brought to his house by his daughter. He agrees to adopt the child due to requests from his wife . Life takes a turn when the boy's mother returns: The family finds out that the boy is Muslim after they have become attached to him. The family gives back the boy to his mother. Chaturvedi engulfs himself in purification processes to cleanse his body, mind, and soul due to contact with a Muslim soul. By the time Chaturvedi thinks he is fully purified, the child reappears &mdash; seeking refuge, due to Hindu-Muslim riots. This is when Chaturvedi realizes that the true religion is humanity."] ["Amitabha Roy  is a Calcutta based scriptwriter who is driving around in the country to collect material for a film. His vehicle breaks down in a small town. A tea planter, Bimal Gupta, offers hospitality for the night. Amitabha is forced to accept the offer as he has no alternative. At Gupta's house, he is introduced to his wife Karuna . Amitabha is shocked to find her to be the girl he once loved and had let down. Unaware of their past relationship, Gupta entertains Amitabha. He comes across as a simple man with none of the physical or intellectual charms of Roy. Amitabha manages to steal a few moments alone with Karuna. He conveys to her about his love and asks her to leave her husband. Karuna hides her own feelings. Unable to regain the old intimacy with her, he remembers his betrayal. It was the last time he saw her. Forced by her uncle who did not approve of the relationship and wanted to send her away, She came to him. Even though Roy was a poor student, she had made up her mind to accept his situation and confront her family's disapproval. Roy, however, proved to be a coward. Now that he is a successful man, Amitabha asks Karuna to leave her husband for him. Karuna, however, does or says a little to encourage him. The next morning, Amitabha decides to take the train instead of waiting for the vehicle to be repaired. He writes note to Karuna, requesting her to meet him at the railway station if she still cared for him. Amitabha waits for Karuna at the station. Karuna does arrive but only to snub him before going back to her husband."] ['{{Plot|date"Farewell My Concubine Study Notes">{{cite web}} In 1977, the year after the end of the Cultural Revolution, two men in Beijing Opera costumes, one in a female role, the other as a stage king, enter the performance hall and are greeted by a voice off camera—they haven\'t performed in twenty-two years—and a single spot light falls on them. The beginning scene, now shot in sepia, cuts to 1924, near the end of the period when the warlords ruled China. Farewell My Concubine is about the story of Dieyi and Xiaolou and how their lives are lived and affected with the Japanese invasion of China in the 1930s, the surrender of the Japanese in World War II, and in the end, the victory of the Communists in 1949. In this scene a woman walks hurriedly with a small child in her arms through a crowded Chinese market. A man, recognizing her, tries to speak to her but she roughly pushes him off as he shouts,"Whore!" A crowd is watching a troupe of boys from a Beijing opera training school perform for coins in the street, supervised by their aging director, Master Guan. One of the boys, Laizi, tries to run away, and the crowd is insulted. The leader, a possible warlord, begins pushing around Master Guan. One of the troupe, Shitou , distracts the crowd by breaking a brick on his head. The crowd cheers, but Shitou is later punished for pulling such a stunt. The mother takes the boy to the troupe house but Master Guan refuses him because of a birth defect, a superfluous finger. Throughout the scene the audience can hear a peddler calling out his skill as a knife sharpener. The mother goes and gets a sharp knife and cuts off the extra finger. She signs the contract with his thumb print in blood and leaves after giving him her robe. Shitou welcomes him as "Douzi" [Bean]. The two boys soon become good friends. A few years later. Laizi, craving freedom and candied crab apples, and Douzi escape, but return after seeing a performance by an opera master that makes Laizi weep and ask how they became stars, and how much they had to endure to become stars. Inspired, Laizi and Douzi return to the troupe, only to find Master Guan beating Shitou for allowing the escape. In the meantime, Laizi hides to quickly stuff his mouth the rest of the crab apples. Douzi walks to the beating bench to accept his punishment. Master Guan begins to beat him mercilessly, but Douzi never screams though Shitou begs him to say he is sorry. Shitou charges the master but the assistant yells for the master to come: Laizi had hanged himself. Douzi attaches himself to Shitou and is trained to play Dan  roles. He practices the monologue "Dreaming of the World Outside the Nunnery," but when he is to say, "I am by nature a girl, not a boy" he instead says "I am by nature a boy..." The monologue comes from the kunqu "The Record of an Evil Sea," kuhai  being a Buddhist term for a life of sorrow. Shitou learns the jing, a painted-face male lead. For punishment Xiaolou gets a stick and forces it into Douzi\'s mouth,{{cite news}} causing his mouth to bleed. The agent begins to leave with the future of the troupe at risk. Soon enough, after he has gargled enough of his blood, a soft whisper of, "I am by nature a girl... not a boy" spills out. He had gotten his line right and everyone cheered with happiness and a sense of relief.http://www.illuminatedlantern.com/cinema/review/archives/farewell_my_concubine.php. A while later, Douzi and Shitou perform for the Eunuch Zhang, who admired their performance and summon the boys for an audience. Shitou admires a beautiful sword in Zhang\'s collection, stating that if he were emperor, Douzi would be his queen. Douzi says that one day he hopes to give Shitou a sword like that. The boys are told Douzi is to meet Zhang alone, where he is given the sword. Douzi walks in on the old man in a lascivious embrace with a young girl. Douzi is afraid as the man eyes him up and down. He wishes to find Shitou because,"I have to pee." The old man brings a glass dragon jar, tells him to pee, stares in lusty amazement at the boy\'s body, and reaches for him. Douzi tries to flee, but Zhang pushes him to the ground. Hours later he emerges, and Shitou cannot get him to say a word. It is clear that Douzi had been traumatized. On their way home, Douzi spies a baby abandoned in the street. Master Guan urges Douzi to leave the baby, saying "we each have our own fate, or yuanfen," but Douzi takes him in and eventually Master Guan trains him. Douzi and Shitou become stars of Beijing opera and take on the stage names Cheng Dieyi and Duan Xiaolou. The adult Dieyi is in love with Xiaolou, but the sexual aspects of his affection are not returned. When they become a hit in Beijing, a patron, Yuan Shiqing, slowly courts Dieyi. Xiaolou, in the meantime, takes a liking to Juxian, a headstrong courtesan at the upscale House of Flowers. .{{citation needed}} Xiaolou intervenes when a mob of drunk men harass Juxian and conjures up a ruse to get the men to leave her alone, saying that they are announcing their engagement. Juxian later buys her freedom and, deceiving him into thinking she was thrown out, pressures Xiaolou to keep his word. When Xiaolou announces his engagement to Juxian, Dieyi and Xiaolou have a falling out. Dieyi calls her "Pan Jinlian", a "dragon lady" from the novel Golden Lotus. Dieyi takes up with Master Yuan, who gives him Zhang\'s sword. Master Guan shames them into re-forming the troupe. The complex relationship between these three characters is then tested in the succession of political upheavals that encompass China from the onset of the Second Sino-Japanese War. The film also follows the fates of Na Kun, who turns his theater troupe over to the new government after 1949, and the abandoned baby, who is trained in the female roles. He is called "Xiao Si", or "Little Fourth Brother." They go through Japanese Occupation, Kuomintang administration\'s of the mainland, the Communist revolution in 1949, the People\'s Liberation Army\'s entrance of the city, and the Cultural Revolution\'s attack of the "feudal" traditional opera.  "Xiao Si" and Douzi have an argument about "Xiao Si" training and punishment at the end of which "Xiao Si" threatens revenge. On the eve of the Cultural Revolution, Shitou and Juxian are seen burning now contraband literature and clothing. After a few drinks, they rekindle their relationship. The next scene shifts to Shitou being questioned by the Communist Party on a few unpatriotic words he said years ago and overheard by their manager. "Xiao Si" is seen in the background seemingly in a position of power. The Beijing opera troupe is taken out for questioning and offered a chance to repent. Under duress, Shitou confesses that Douzi performed for the Japanese and may have had a relationship with Yuan Shiqing. Douzi, enraged, tells the mob that Juxian was a prostitute. Shitou is forced to admit that he married a prostitute but swears that he doesn\'t love her and will never see her again for the sake of his life. Juxian is crushed to hear his words and, when given the chance to visit her, he finds her hanged. She has committed suicide from a broken heart. "Xiao Si" is seen in a gym practicing Concubine Yu\'s role, happy over having usurped Douzi\'s position. Communist cadre catch him in the act. His fate is unclear. The film then jumps back to the first scene of their reunion in 1977. Douzi and Shitou are practicing Farewell My Concubine. Their relationship seems to have mended since the tribunal and suicide of Shitou\'s wife. They exchange a smile and Shitou begins with the line that gave Douzi trouble forty years ago. Douzi makes the same error of finishing the line with "I am not a girl". Shitou corrects him and they continue practicing. Douzi then commits suicide by sword in the same manner as in the play. Farewell My Concubine won the Palme d\'Or at the Cannes Film Festival , as well as Best Foreign Language Film at the Golden Globes  and from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association . Gong Li won a Best Supporting Actress award from the New York Film Critics Circle .'] [" Set in rural Bengal of the 1920s, Pather Panchali focuses on the lives of Apu , the young protagonist of the film, and his family members. Apu's impoverished family lives in the dilapidated ancestral home in the village Nischindipur. Apu's father Harihar Ray  earns a meager living as a priest, and dreams of a better career as an author of scholarly plays and poems. He is easily exploited in his work — he cannot even muster the courage to ask his employer for overdue wages, although his family is in dire need of money. Harihar's wife, Sarbajaya  takes care of their two children, Durga  and Apu, and her elderly aunt-in-law, Indir Thakrun . With limited resources, Sarbajaya resents having to share her home with Indir. Indir is very old, toothless, and a hunchback cripple. Occasionally, she takes refuge in the home of another relative when Sarbajaya either forces her out or becomes overly offensive. Durga often steals fruit from a neighbour’s orchard and shares it with Aunt Indir, with whom she feels some filial affinity. Once, the wealthy neighbour blamed Durga for stealing a bead necklace. Sarbajaya bears the neighbour's innuendos blaming her for Durga’s propensity to steal. Durga, as the elder sister, cares for her brother Apu with motherly affection, although she does not spare any opportunity to tease him. They share the simple joys of life, such as sitting quietly under a tree, running after the candy man who passes through the village, viewing pictures in a bioscope shown by a traveling vendor, and watching a jatra by a troupe of actors. In the evening, they can hear the whistle of trains far away. One day they run away from home to catch a glimpse of the train. The scene depicting Apu and Durga running through Kaash fields to see the train is one of the memorable sequences in the film.<ref name237–238}} While returning from seeing the train, they discover their Aunt Indir lying dead there. Harihar, unable to make a good earning in the village, decides to travel to nearby cities to search for a better job. He promises Sarbajaya that he will return with money to repair their derelict house. During his absence, the family sinks even deeper into poverty. Sarbajaya grows increasingly lonely and embittered. The monsoon approaches and storm clouds gather. One day, Durga dances playfully in the downpour for a long time. Soon she catches cold, and develops a fever. With scarce medical care available, her fever continues and eventually on a night of incessant rain and gusty winds, she dies. Harihar returns home and starts to show Sarbajaya the merchandise he has brought from the city. Sarbajaya, who remains silent, breaks down at the feet of her husband, and Harihar screams as he discovers that he has lost his daughter. The family decides to leave the village and their ancestral home. As they start packing, Apu finds the necklace that Durga had earlier denied having stolen; he throws it into a pond. The film ends with Apu and his parents riding a slow ox-cart to their new destination. Almost immediately upon their departure, a snake crawls into the house."] ["The film's central story concerns a father, Lalit Verma , who is trying to organize an enormous, chaotic, and expensive wedding for his daughter, for whom he has arranged a marriage with a man she has known for only a few weeks . As so often happens in the Punjabi culture, such a wedding means that, for one of the few times each generation, the whole family comes together from all corners of the globe including India, Australia, Oman and the United States. It is a story set in the modern upper-middle class of India, where telecommunications and a western lifestyle mix with old traditions, like the arranged wedding young Aditi accepts when she ends a current affair. The groom is an Indian living in Texas, and all relatives from both families, some from distant places like Australia, come to New Delhi during the monsoon season to attend the wedding. The four-day arrangements and celebrations will see clumsy organization, family parties and drama, dangers to the happy end of the wedding, and lots of music."] ['In the Edo period of Japan, Isaburo Sasahara is a vassal of the daimyo of the Aisu clan. Sasahara is the most skilled swordsman in the land, whose only rival in ability is his good friend Tatewaki Asano . Isaburo is in a loveless marriage with a shrew of a woman. One day one of the daimyo\'s advisors orders Isaburo\'s elder son Yogoro  to marry the daimyo\'s ex-concubine, Ichi , even though she is the mother to one of the daimyo\'s sons. With much trepidation, the family agrees. In time, Ichi and Yogoro find love and happiness in the marriage and a daughter Tomi is born. In the meantime, the daimyo\'s primary heir dies, and he orders his ex-concubine to rejoin his household to care for their son and heir. The family refuses, but Ichi is tricked into the castle by Isaburo\'s younger son, and her husband and father-in-law are ordered to commit seppuku for their insolence and insubordination. Isaburo counters that he will comply only if the heads of the daimyo and his two primary advisors are brought to him first. Isaburo sends his younger son and wife away and dismisses his household servants. With his elder son he prepares for battle, removing the tatami from his house to prevent slipping in the blood that will be spilled and removing the house\'s walls to allow for more space for combat. The daimyo\'s steward, accompanied by a platoon of 20 samurai, brings Ichi to the Sasahara house and tries to force her at spear point to renounce her marriage to Yogoro and join the daimyo\'s household. The daimyo also "graciously" offers to commute Isaburo and Yogoro\'s sentences to permanent confinement in a shrine outside his castle. Not only does Ichi refuse to join his household, she throws herself onto a spear instead of abandoning her husband. Her husband goes to her side and is killed with her in his arms. His father, enraged, kills the steward\'s entire party, killing the steward last as he attempts to flee. Burying the dead couple, Isaburo now decides to take his case with Tomi to the Shogun in Edo regardless of the consequences to his clan. Tatewaki, who is guarding the gate, cannot permit Isaburo to pass, and a climactic duel follows with his good friend. Isaburo is the victor, but assassins hidden nearby cut Isaburo down with musket fire. In his dying breath, he laments that no one will ever know the love story of Yogoro and Ichi, which had inspired him, an otherwise obedient vassal, to rise against his clan and lord. He beseeches Tomi to be a good and kind woman like her mother, and to seek out a fine and kind husband like her father. As Isaburo dies, we see Tomi\'s wet-nurse comforting the baby: she has been secretly following him. Presumably, the legend begins.'] ['In Ravenna, Italy, Giuliana  is walking with her young son, Valerio, towards the petrochemical plant managed by her husband, Ugo. Passing workers who are on strike, Giuliana nervously and impulsively purchases a half-eaten sandwich from one of the workers. They are surrounded by strange industrial structures and debris that create inhuman images and sounds. Inside the plant, Ugo  is talking with a visiting business associate, Corrado Zeller , who is looking to recruit workers for an industrial operation in Patagonia, Argentina. Ugo and Corrado converse comfortably in the noisy factory. Ugo tells Corrado that his wife, Giuliana, had a recent auto accident, and though she was physically unhurt, she has not been right mentally. That night in their apartment, Giuliana becomes highly agitated and fearful over a dream she had about sinking in quicksand. Ugo is unable to calm her or understand what she\'s experiencing. Attracted to Giuliana, Corrado visits her at an empty shop she\'s planning to open and talks about his life and the restless nature of his existence. She accompanies him to Ferrara on one of his worker recruitment drives, and she indirectly reveals details about her mental state. She tells him that when she was in the hospital, she met a young woman patient who was advised by her doctors to find someone or something to love—a husband, a son, a job, even a dog. She speaks of the young woman feeling like there was "no ground beneath her, like she was sliding down a slope, sinking, always on the verge of drowning." They travel to a radar installation facility in Medicina, where Corrado hopes to recruit a top worker. Surrounded by cold industrial architecture, Giuliana seems lost in her loneliness and isolation. The following weekend, Giuliana, Ugo, and Corrado are walking beside a polluted estuary where they meet up with another couple, Max and Linda, and together they drive to a small riverside shack at Porto Corsini where they meet Emilia. They spend time in the shack engaged in trivial small talk filled with jokes, role-playing, and sexual innuendo. Giuliana seems to find temporary solace in these mindless distractions. A mysterious ship docks directly outside their shack, and as she looks out to the open sea, Giuliana confides to Corrado, "I can\'t look at the sea for long or I lose interest in what\'s happening on land." During their conversations, Corrado and Giuliana have grown closer, and he shows interest and sympathy for her. Like Giuliana, Corrado is also alienated, but he is better adapted to and accepting of his environment, telling her, "You wonder what to look at; I wonder how to live." When a doctor arrives to board the ship, Giuliana, seeing that the ship is now quarantined due to an infectious disease, rushes off in a state of panic. Her unwillingness to stay, or to return to the shack to retrieve the purse she left behind, underscores her state of alienation from the others. Sometime later, Ugo leaves on a business trip, and Giuliana spends more time with Corrado, revealing more about her anxieties. One day she discovers that her son has apparently become suddenly paralyzed from the waist down. Fearing he has contracted polio, Giuliana tries to comfort her son with a story about a young girl who lives on an island and swims off a beach at an isolated cove. The girl is at home with her surroundings, but after a mysterious sailing ship approaches offshore, all the rocks of the cove seem to come alive and sing to her in one voice. Soonafter, Giuliana discovers to her shock that Valerio was only pretending to be paralyzed. Unable to imagine why her son would do such a cruel thing, Guiliana\'s sense of loneliness and isolation returns. Desperate to end her inner turmoil, Giuliana goes to Corrado\'s apartment where he tries to force his affections on her. Initially resisting Corrado\'s advances, Giuliana eventually accepts his affections, and the two make love in his bed. The intimacy, however, does little to relieve Giuliana\'s sense of isolation. The next day, a distraught Giuliana leaves Corrado and wanders to a dockside ship where she meets a foreign sailor and tries to communicate her feelings to him, but he cannot understand her words. Acknowledging the reality of her isolation, she says, "We are all separate." At that point, Giuliana seems to be completely alone and at her lowest state. Sometime later, Giuliana is again walking with her son near her husband\'s plant. Valerio notices a nearby smokestack emitting poisonous yellow smoke and wonders if birds are being killed by the toxic emissions. Giuliana tells him that the birds have learned not to fly near the poisonous yellow smoke.'] ['Terence Stamp plays a mysterious figure who appears in the lives of a typical bourgeois Italian family. He engages in sexual affairs with all members of the household: the devoutly religious maid, the sensitive son, the sexually repressed mother, the timid daughter and, finally, the tormented father. The stranger gives unstintingly of himself, asking nothing in return. Then one day he leaves, as suddenly and mysteriously as he came. The subsequent void created forces each family member to confront what was previously concealed by the trappings of bourgeois life. The mother seeks sexual encounters with young men, the son leaves the family home to become an artist, the daughter sinks into a catatonic state and the father strips himself of all material effects, handing his factory over to its workers, removing his clothes at a railway station and wandering naked into the wilderness. The maid returns to the rural village where she was born and is seen to perform miracles.'] ["The film opens in Mexico, in the home of an upper-class antiques salesman named Don Carlos Montero and his wife Rosario, whose son, Carlos or Carlitos, is accused of stealing by the principal of his school. Carlitos is scolded harshly by his father when he comes home, and is locked in his room. Carlitos runs away, but is found by an engineer named Julio Mistral who works in the forest. Julio returns the boy to his parents, and Don Carlos is very grateful. Julio becomes great friends with the Montero family, but in private asks Rosario why she really married such a harsh mannered and older man. One day, Rosario and Carlitos pay a visit to Julio in the forest, while Don Carlos spends the day in town on business. Carlitos enjoys himself immensely, fishing for trout. Rosario and Julio converse privately, and Julio notes how unhappy she is. Rosario reveals that she is unhappy because she married Don Carlos for his money when she was very young. Julio sympathizes her plight as a woman who has never truly loved, and they fall in love with each other. Rosario and Julio begin an affair, and Julio tries to convince her to run away with him to Brazil. She eventually agrees, but decides to wait, after Don Carlos suffers a severe heart attack. Don Carlos ultimately lives, and Rosario refuses to go with Julio, unable to separate Carlitos from his father, who had grown close since his illness. The film skips about 20 years into the future, where Carlos, and his younger brother, Miguel , have graduated from medical school. One day, news arrives that Julio Mistral has died and decided to will all of his money to Miguel. Initially, everybody is perplexed at this action, as Julio had never met Miguel.  Though it is not explicitly stated in the film, Carlos soon pieces together that Miguel was willed this money because he is the illegitimate child of Julio and his mother, Rosario. Carlos refuses Miguel's offer to share his inheritance, which he uses to build a new clinic, and begins acting bitter towards his mother and brother. Miguel becomes engaged to be married to a woman who Carlos is convinced wants to marry him for his money. At his wedding, Don Carlos collapses and dies from a heart attack. The film comes to a conclusion as Carlos finally discloses the truth about the inheritance to Miguel, who becomes very angry and fights Carlos. Rosario breaks up the fight, and confirms what Carlos has said. Miguel is distraught, and Rosario unapologetically tells them that Julio was the only man she ever loved. The brothers reconcile their differences at the sight of their emotional mother, wrought with sadness. Carlos leaves for the tropics to do research, and the film ends with Rosario placing a picture of Julio on her mantelpiece."] ['Paresh Chandra Dutt , a middle-class bank clerk in Kolkata, attends a charity match on a rainy day rather reluctantly. At Curzon Park , where the match is apparently to be held, he finds a small, round stone. Thinking it is a marble, he gives it to his nephew. The child discovers that it turns metal into gold . Dutt "buys" the stone from the child with sweets after witnessing the stone\'s power himself. He decides to take a few old cannonballs from the city dump, turn them into gold, and sell them. This scheme makes him rich; as a chauffeur drives him home from the dump, the car pulls into the driveway of a mansion . He now has a young secretary named Priyatosh Henry Biswas  who, among other things, mentions that Dutt is invited to a cocktail party . At the party, Dutt acts slightly unnatural before engaging in drunken revelry. When another guest orders him to get out, he turns an iron figurine into gold . It is not long before this incident is posted as a headline in the papers, causing a panic in Bengal. Paresh Dutt flees with his wife, Giribala , leaving nearly everything  with Priyatosh but cautioning him to hand it over if the police arrive. Soon, Mr. and Mrs. Dutt are taken to a police station for interrogation, and the police discover that the desperate Priyatosh has swallowed the stone. Dr. Nandi , a medical specialist, informs the inspector  that Priyatosh is digesting the stone. Soon after Paresh and Giribala Dutt hear of this, they notice the golden objects turning back into iron. The Dutts happily rejoin their servant  and Priyatosh.'] ["Gaspard, the main character, arrives on holiday in a small Breton seaside resort. He awaits his girlfriend, Lena, who does not arrive. Only a short while after this, he crosses paths with the waitress Margot, and they develop a strong friendship; Gaspard also has a fling with Solène, Margot's adventure-seeking friend. Lena eventually does turn up, and by this time, Gaspard has become attached to all three women. Gaspard  is a young mathematician/musician vacationing by the seaside in Brittany, France before starting a new job. The film covers roughly three weeks in his life and introduces us to the trio of women he encounters during that time. First is Margot , a cheerful waitress who enjoys spending time with Gaspard, but isn't interested in more than a friendship. Solene  is more affectionate and sensual - she's willing to have a relationship with Gaspard if he will commit to only her. Then there's Lena , Gaspard's longtime semi-girlfriend whose ambiguous romantic attitude towards him keeps him in a state of permanent consternation. As the summer wears on, Gaspard finds himself increasingly torn between the three women, finding each the most appealing when he's with her, and recognizing that the day is fast approaching when he will have to choose. http://www.reelviews.net/movies/s/summers_tale.html"] ['The film begins in 1933. Students at the University at Takikawa protest against the Japanese invasion of Manchuria. Prominent professor Yagihara  is relieved of his post because of his leftist views against fascism. The professor\'s daughter Yukie  is courted by two of her father\'s students: Ryukichi Noge  and Itokawa . Itokawa is safe and sensible while Noge is fiery. Yukie is eventually drawn toward Noge. Noge disappears following an anti-militarist student protest. His disappearance is the result of being arrested and he spends four years in jail. By the time Itokawa  tells Yukie about Noge\'s whereabouts he has already been out of jail for a year. He also tells her that he is a changed man, that he is no longer how Yukie remembered him. Itokawa brings Noge over to the Yagihara residence. During dinner, Professor Yagihara mentions that Noge wouldn\'t have gotten out unless the government was convinced that Noge had "converted" from his radical ways. Noge confirms this and says that Itokawa vouched for him and had even found him a job in the army. After realizing that Noge has changed from his days at the University, Yukie gets up from the dinner table and runs to lock herself in her room. Yukie\'s mother eventually tells her that Itokawa and Noge are leaving. At first Yukie is reluctant to see them out, however once Yukie\'s mother tells her that Noge is leaving for China she decides to see Noge one last time to say goodbye. After Noge\'s departure, Yukie begins to pack for Tokyo and after a conversation her father reluctantly lets her go. For three years in Tokyo, Yukie works menial jobs to get by. One day she runs into Itokawa and is told that Noge is in Tokyo. She goes to Noge\'s offices, but is scared of what will happen. Yukie is shown outside of the offices several times but eventually Noge notices her. They spend several years together and get married during this time. Yukie knows that Noge is involved in illegal activities , but he refuses to tell her what they are. Noge is arrested on the night before his plans were to go into effect. Yukie is interrogated, but she proffers no information. Yukie is treated badly during the interrogations but Itokawa is eventually able to free her. Yukie\'s parents take the train into Tokyo where Yukie\'s father meets up with Itokawa. Yukie\'s father thanks him for what he has done and informs Itokawa that he intends to represent Noge in court. Itokawa mournfully responds that Noge died the night before. Yukie is crushed. She brings his ashes to his parents, and tells them she is his wife. They reject her, believing that she has come to mock them because their son was convicted of being a spy. She stays with his parents, who are scorned and harassed in their village, and works the rice fields with them. She tries to convince them of her sincerity and that their son was a good man. The work in the rice fields is hard on her, but she is determined to prove her mettle, even to the point of working when she has a severe fever. The night that they finally finish planting all of the fields, the neighbors sneak in and destroy their rice fields. When Yukie mourns the vandalism, Noge\'s parents finally accept her and their son is redeemed in their eyes. At the end of the war, Professor Yagihara is reinstated and Noge is honored for his anti-war efforts. Yukie returns to Takikawa to visit her parents. Yukie\'s mother tells her that she can stay since she has achieved her goal because Noge\'s parents are no longer ashamed of him. However, Yukie now feels more comfortable planting rice than playing the piano, so she goes back to work on the farm.'] ["A large part of the story unfolds in Calcutta. Apu Roy  is an unemployed graduate living in a rented room in Calcutta. Despite his teacher's advice to go to university, he is unable to do so because he can't afford it. He tries to find a job, while barely getting by providing private tuition. His main passion is writing a novel, partially based on his own life, hoping to get it published some day. One day he meets his old friend Pulu, who coaxes him to join him on a trip to his village in Khulna to attend the marriage of a cousin named Aparna . On the day of the marriage it turns out that the bridegroom has a serious mental disorder. The bride's mother cancels the marriage, despite the father's protests. He and the other villagers believe, according to prevalent Hindu tradition, that the young bride must be wedded off during the previously appointed auspicious hour, otherwise, she will have to remain unmarried all her life. Apu, after initially refusing when requested by a few villagers, ultimately decides to take Pulu's advice and come to the rescue of the bride by agreeing to marry her. He returns with Aparna to his apartment in Calcutta after the wedding. He takes up a clerical job, and a loving relationship begins to bloom between them. Yet the young couple's blissful days are cut short when Aparna dies while giving birth to their son, Kajal. Apu is overcome with grief and holds the child responsible for his wife's death. He shuns his worldly responsibilities and becomes a recluse – travelling to different corners of India, while the child is left with his maternal grandparents. Meanwhile, Apu throws away his manuscript for the novel he had been writing over the years. A few years later, Pulu finds Kajal growing wild and uncared for. He then seeks out Apu, who is working at a mining quarry and advises Apu one last time to take up his fatherly responsibility. At last, Apu decides to come back to reality and reunite with his son. When he reaches his in-laws' place, Kajal, having seen him for the first time in his life, at first does not accept him as a father. Eventually he accepts Apu as a friend and they return to Calcutta together to start life afresh."] ['"Lau Ching-Wan plays a lawyer who dies in a car wreck just before answering his daughters question about ghosts, leaving behind his wife, daughter and son. To console herself, his daughter  writes a novel where she, her mother and brother have died in a car wreck but her father has survived. To her surprise, the character of her father in her book decides that HE needs to write a novel to console himself and in his novel he has died but his wife and daughter have lived...and on and on in an endlessly recursive loop, as wounded characters desperately apply fiction to try and dull the sharp edges of their grief." New York Asian Film Festival  Announces Opening Night, Closing Night and Centerpiece Presentation Films - Anime News Network'] ["In Vision, New German Cinema auteur Margarethe von Trotta  tells the story of Hildegard of Bingen  the famed 12th century Benedictine nun, Christian mystic, composer, philosopher, playwright, physician, poet, naturalist, scientist and ecological activist. Hildegard was a multi-talented, fully grounded, highly intelligent woman who was forced to hide her light. The modern world's first female rebel who re-transmitted her visions to the world for the greater glory of God and mankind. Regine Pernoud has called Hildegard “the inspired conscience of the 12th century,” the “Prophetissa Teutonica” and the “Jewel of Bingen.” Pope John Paul II has called her “a light to her people and for her time, she continues to shine even more brightly today.”Review: Hildegard of Bingen: A New Twelfth-Century Woman Philosopher? Author: Helen J. John Accessed: 01/07/2010"] ["Kwita , Omar , Boubker  and Ali Zaoua  are homeless boys living in Casablanca. The boys were in a gang led by Dib , but decide to rebel against him under Ali's guidance. However, Ali is killed by members of the gang while he is hired as a cabin boy on a ship, and the other boys decide to give him a proper funeral. Kwita sits in a cemetery where his lack of religious training is criticized {{clarify}}, while Omar briefly returns to Dib's gang. Boubker, the smallest and most vulnerable of the boys, threatens to kill himself but recovers his sense of self and helps the old fisherman on his boat."] ['Sandhya  and Nikhil  are a happily married, urban, professional couple. Coming from middle-class families, both of them have risen in their professional life by virtue of merit and hard work. On their eighth wedding anniversary one of their friends brings along his nephew Rahul  who is a classical singer. Sandhya develops an attraction and has an affair with him. She confides in her friend Prabha, but does not tell Nikhil about it. After a couple of months, the affair ends. After about a year, Nikhil falls in love with Vrinda, his assistant in the lab. He tells Sandhya about it and leaves her. Sandhya is shattered and they part. Four years after the divorce they meet again, and Sandhya mentions to Nikhil about her affair with Rahul.{{cite web}}'] ["Gino  and Fiore  are Italian racketeers who come to Albania just after the fall of the communists to set up a fictive firm and pocket the grants. They need a stooge and choose Spiro Tozaj/Michele Tallarico , an old man in a prison, who turns out to be an Italian veteran from World War II. Easily confused and utterly impoverished, this elderly former political prisoner seems the perfect choice, until he unexpectedly disappears. Gino is assigned to find him, setting out on a journey that leads him to discover Spiro's tragic personal history and become intimately acquainted with the full extent of Albanian poverty. Gino's car tires are stolen, while the fancy shoes he gave Spiro are also stolen by children. Gino and Spiro follow a group of Albanians who are headed for Italy in search for a better life, first by truck and later by ship. The Albanian exodus parallels that of Italians for the United States, which is where Spiro believes that they are heading."] ['The story develops around the evolution of Titli from a girl into womanhood, through the breaking of this crush. The dense jungles of Duars in north Bengal, covered in dense morning fog, sunshine playing hide-and-seek, Buddhist monasteries, the famous Darjeeling toy train, interleaved with poetry and music, create the romantic ambiance underpinning this film. Titli is a 17-year-old girl , who has a teenage crush on a Bollywood superstar Rohit Roy , who is more than twice her age. Though her bedroom is filled with his posters and memorabilia, Titli\'s mother Urmila  is surprised to learn that she could even marry this much older man. Titli and Urmila are going by jeep to receive Titli’s father  from the airport. Along the scenic road from Kurseong to Siliguri, Urmila shares a nostalgic moment when she is reminded about her teenage crush on Rajesh Khanna after hearing Titli play the song "Meri Sapnon Ki Raani Kab Aayegi Tu". The jeep is to be shared, and as it happens, their co-passenger is none other than Rohit Roy himself, who has a flight to catch from Siliguri. Titli\'s adolescent dreams are set on fire after she meets her crush face to face. Their conversation is interrupted by a halt necessitated by the coolant running out. Rohit also needs cigarette, and Titli wants to get them, and gets Rohit to agree. While she is gone, it is revealed that twenty years ago, Urmila and Rohit were lovers, when Rohit was an outsider looking for roles in the Tollygunge film industry. Today, Urmila is married, but the lingering romance is built up by the hill greenery and they both reminisce longingly. Urmila recites lines from the well-known Shakti Chattopadhyay poem Abani Bari Aachho?  One of the themes of the film is "the first day of the rains". Urmila wonders if it is the first day of AashaRh - the month heralding the monsoons in the Bengali calendar, a month rendered romantic in Kalidasa’s epic verse, Meghadutam. Rohit feels a droplet of rain on his watch. The foggy romantic mood heightens as Urmila sings a Rabindrasangeet and recites a Tagore poem. By now, unbeknownst to the old lovers, Titli has returned, and she overhears the conversation, and learns of their relationship. Her own romance is shattered, and John Lennon’s "Strawberry fields forever" builds up the mood of desolation. Titli is on the verge of tears as she grapples with the fact that her own mother has become her immediate rival. She has always been very close to her mother, and the tension mounts as she does not know how to deal with this pain. Eventually, Titli cannot suppress her curiosity if her mother still loves Rohit. In the end, when Rohit writes a letter to Urmila about his engagement to another woman, she gets her answer. The film is very stylishly made, even this end story coinciding with the announcement on a magazine cover - "Bangali Babur Biye" . It ends with the tables turned, it is now Titli who is consoling Urmila.'] ['Madhavi Sharma  arrives in Mumbai and soon lands a journalist job. Her boss Deepak Suri  gives her the task of reporting celebrity news. She begins her journey in the glitzy and glamorous world of celebrity lifestyle working on Page 3. Her roommate Pearl Sequiera  is an air hostess and wants to marry for money. Gayatri Sachdeva  later joins them. She is an aspiring actress and gets involved with a leading actor Rohit Kumar . When she tells him she is pregnant he suggests she have an abortion. Depressed and shattered, she unsuccessfully tries to commit suicide and in the process loses her unborn child. Meanwhile, Pearl marries a wealthy old man and moves to the United States. Madhavi plans to expose Rohit , but her editor kills the article and she is forced to apologise to Rohit. Madhavi finds out that her boyfriend is gay when she finds him in bed with her best friend Abhijeet . As soon as Madhavi begins to get disillusioned with her job, she declares that “the party is over” for her. She soon realises that the glamorous world of celebrity life is not as glamorous as it seems. Gayatri, who supposedly returned to Delhi, sleeps with a director and gets cast in a movie.'] ['In Israel during the Roman Empire, Jesus Christ of Nazareth travels around the country with his disciples preaching to the people about God and salvation of their souls. He claims to be the son of God and the prophesized messiah. He is arrested by the Romans and crucified. He rises from the dead after three days.'] ['A group of dwarfs confined in an institution on a remote island rebel against the guards and director  in a display of mayhem. The dwarfs gleefully break windows and dishes, abandon a running truck to drive itself in circles, engineer food fights and cock fights, set fire to pots of flowers, kill a large pig, torment some blind dwarfs, and crucify a monkey.'] ["According to the synopsis on the film's official website,{{cite web}}, sailing around the Mediterranean Sea. This ship was wrecked in real life in January 2012."] ['Aldo  has worked at the sugar refinery in Goriano for seven years. His long-time mistress, Irma , learns that her husband, who left for Australia years ago in search of a job, recently died there. Irma goes to the sugar refinery and drops off Aldo\'s lunch, but does not stay to talk with him. Concerned about her behavior, Aldo goes back to the house where they discuss her husband\'s death. Aldo suggests that after seven years they can finally get married and legitimize their daughter, Rosina . The next day, Irma reveals that she loves someone else. Aldo can hardly believe her words, saying, "All these years, nothing was true." In the coming days he tries desperately to change her mind but it is no use, and the relationship ends with him slapping her in public. Distraught and disillusioned, Aldo leaves Goriano with their daughter Rosina and the two start wandering throughout the Po valley. They stop at the house of his former girlfriend, Elvia , a forlorn seamstress who still loves him. He flatters her and helps repair a racing boat owned by the boyfriend of Elvia\'s younger sister, Edera . Later he spends time with Elvia and his daughter watching the river race, with Elvia holding Aldo\'s arm, but Aldo cannot hide his depression for long. Irma shows up at Elvia\'s house to deliver Aldo\'s valise. Elvia has little sympathy for Irma, believing she will regret throwing away her relationship with Aldo. That night Elvia and Aldo go to a dance and have a good time, but Elvia asks to leave early so she can talk with him. Upset that Aldo returned to her only after Irma broke off their relationship, she tells him she received his valise from Irma . After Aldo explodes in anger at irma\'s actions, they both realize his visit was a mistake. Later that evening, Edera returns from the dance a little drunk and flirtatous, and they kiss, but Aldo can only think about Irma. Aldo and his daughter leave early the next morning. Elvia tells her younger sister she is sad to see him go. Aldo is unsuccessful in finding work along to Po valley. When Rosina is almost hit by a car, Aldo slaps her face in front of a school yard of children, humiliating her. She runs off and walks among a group of men from the insane asylum. Her father retrieves her and they get a ride atop a petrol truck, but are forced to disembark near a police check point near a bpm service station. The truck driver tells Aldo that he\'ll pick him up the following day when the police are not around. Aldo meets Virginia ([[Dorian Gray , the beautiful widow who runs the roadside service station, and asks if he and his daughter can stay until he can get a ride. Virginia offers him the shack next to the station and he accepts. The next morning Virginia offers Aldo a job. The truck from the previous day approaches and the driver asks if Aldo still wants the ride, but he declides, choosing to stay. That night their mutual attraction is undeniable and they consummate their desires. The next morning while Aldo and Virginia continue their lovemaking, Rosina goes off with Virginia\'s father who harasses the new owner of his farm which Virginia recently sold. The new owner complains to Virginia about her father\'s behavior. Frustrated by her father\'s erratic behavior, Virginia decides to put him in a retirement home. Later that day Aldo and Virginia make love in an open field partially hidden by large wooden cable spools while Rosina plays nearby. When Rosina discovers them in their passion, she runs off upset. Back at the house, Virginia suggests they can no longer take care of Rosina, and soon Aldo puts her on a bus back to her mother. As the bus pulls away Aldo runs after her saying, "I won\'t forget you ... remember that I love you. I\'ll always love you." Sometime later, after leaving Virginia, Aldo finds work as a mechanic with a dredge crew. Listening to his boss\' tales of travel, Aldo begins planning a trip to Venezuela, but eventually loses interest. While walking along the river, Aldo meets Andreina , a prostitute living in a riverside shack. Andreina begins flirting with Aldo, who rushes off when he thinks he sees police approaching. Sometime later, Andreina finds Aldo\'s shack and returns his coat. They go for walk along a wide expanse of rivershore as desolate as their future. Aldo tells her about a time when a group of his friends wanted to go to a dance, and a woman named Irma asked him to go to a museum instead. Andreina gets annoyed at the pointless story, despite its importance to Aldo all these years later. He remembers his old refinery job and how, from the tower, he could see his house, the river, and his daughter\'s school. Andreina remembers being pregnant once, and how it almost got her a man of her own, but the pregnancy "went wrong". In the coming days the rain falls heavy over the Po valley and the river rises. The roof on Andreina\'s shack leaks and neither of them have any food. Andreina goes to the local restaurant where she intends to sleep with the owner for food. Aldo follows and tries to get her to come back, but she refuses. Aldo leaves dejected. The next day Aldo decides to return to Goriano, getting a ride in the back of a truck that stops at Virginia\'s service station. Virginia gives him the valise he left behind and tells him about a postcard that arrived from Irma that she misplaced. Arriving in Goriano, Aldo sees the town is about to be demolished to make way for a jet airfield. In town the citizens are protesting the government takeover. Aldo goes to Irma\'s house and sees that she is content with a new baby and living a better life. As he turns to go, Irma notices him at the window and follows him to the old refinery. Filled with despair, Aldo climbs to the top of the refinery tower where he once worked. From the ground Irma calls up to him, and he turns and sees her down below. Appearing weak and disoriented, Aldo plunges to his death as Irma cries out in despair. She kneels over his dead body and touches him gently.'] ['Snehmoy Chatterjee  and Miyage  are pen friends who exchange wedding vows through letters. Fifteen years pass but they never meet. Yet the bond of marriage is strong between them. This unusual relationship comes under a cloud when a young widow, Sandhya , comes to stay with Snehmoy along with her eight-year-old son Poltu. Snehmoy and the little boy bond and the arithmetic teacher discovers the joy of palpable bonds and fatherhood. There develops an inexplicable thread of understanding with Sandhya too. But Snehmoy remained loyal to his unseen Japanese wife. When Miyage was ill from cancer, he took a long leave from his school and tried to find a cure for her illness. Snehamoy sets out one day during a storm to talk to the closest oncologist, but leaves upon realization that without Miyage physically being there, the doctor can do little. On the way back, the storm turns violent, with harsh wind and rain. He catches pneumonia when he returns to his house. Due to the continuing storm, no villagers are able to travel to Calcutta by boat to obtain the antibiotics required to cure his infection. He dies some days later. after the sea calms down,a bald Miyage in a white Sari, visits the house of her late husband Snehamoy.'] ["On the eve of his wedding, on holiday on the Lake Annecy shore, a career diplomat accidentally meets an old acquaintance, perhaps a former lover. Through her he meets an intense teenager, Laura, and then lusts after her sister, Claire. Whilst Laura attempts to flirt with him, his fantasy becomes focused on wanting to caress Claire's knee."] ['King Creon of Corinth wants to secure his throne. In order to do this, he wants to marry the successful warrior Jason to his daughter Glauce. Jason accepts, but he is already married to Medea. Since Medea is known as a wise woman, Creon feels need to banish Medea and her two boys from the city. She begs him to let him stay, but he gives her only one day in order to secure the needs of the two boys. Medea makes an agreement with the king of Athens, Aegeus, that she and the two boys can come live in Athens with his protection. She then plans to murder both Glauce and Creon and eventually her own children.'] ["Shinnojo, a low level samurai, lives with his pretty, dutiful and loyal wife Kayo. He has come to find his position in a castle as a food-taster for a feudal lord to be boring and pointless, and talks about opening a kendo school open to boys of all castes where he can teach the use of the sword. Before he can act on his dream he becomes ill with a fever after tasting some sashimi made from shell fish, but an investigation reveals that the poisoning was not due to a human conspiracy, but a poor choice of food out of season. After three days he awakes but finds that the toxin from the food has blinded him. Kayo is summoned by Shinnojo's family to explain how the couple will survive. His uncle laments that he no longer knows anybody with influence in the castle, and asks Kayo if she knows of anybody. She relates how Toya Shimada, the chief duty officer in the castle and a samurai of high rank, offered to help and they tell her to act upon his offer of assistance. A message from the castle brings the good news that Shinnojo's stipend of rice will remain the same, and for life but his aunt tells him that Kayo was seen with another man. He has Tokuhei, his faithful servant, follow her. Kayo notices that she is being followed, and although Tokuhei offers to cover for her, she reveals to Shinnojo that Shimada offered to help but with a price, shown when he forced himself upon her. He then solicited two additional trysts by threatening to tell Shinnojo about the first. An enraged Shinnojo divorces her and orders her out of his house. When it is revealed to him that Shimada had nothing to do with maintaining his stipend, but that it came out of gratitude from the lord of the clan himself, Shinnojo seeks to renew his skill with the sword as a blind man to avenge the dishonor of Kayo. Through Tokuhei, he sends a message to Shimada to set up a duel, with the additional message to not underestimate him. The two samurai meet at the stables near the river to decide their destinies. In a very interesting fight Shinnojo cuts off Shimada's arm. He leaves Shimada to live horribly disfigured, telling Tokuhei that he has avenged Kayo's dishonor. The next day Shinnojo is informed that the injured Shimada refused to tell anyone what had happened or who injured him in the duel. It turns out that during the night Shimada committed seppuku and killed himself, as a samurai cannot live with only one arm. He dies without anyone knowing of his sin against the Mimura family, his violation of Kayo, or his own dishonorable injury by a blinded man. Tokuhei tells Shinnojo he has found a girl to work in the kitchen and cook for him. After one taste of the girl's food, Shinnojo recognizes his wife's cooking, and calls Kayo to come into the house. Shinnojo and Kayo reconcile, with an understanding that they will begin their life together anew."] ['The film starts with a figure running desperately towards a motorway bridge, with a factory belching smoke in the background, to a soundtrack of Mein Herz brennt by Rammstein. When the figure turns around the film introduces the audience to Lilja, who has recently been brutally beaten. The film reveals her past. Lilja lives a fairly bleak life with her mother in a run down apartment block in a squalid, poor town in an unnamed former republic of the Soviet Union . For all intents and purposes she is a normal teenage girl . Lilja\'s mother tells her they are emigrating to the United States with her new boyfriend, but at the last minute Lilja is left behind, in the care of her aunt. A forced move into a squalid flat  is only the beginning, and a succession of miseries are heaped upon Lilja. Lilja\'s best friend encourages her to join her in prostituting herself for extra cash, though Lilja decides not to follow through. However, when the friend\'s father finds the money the friend claims that she was the one who sat at the bar while Lilja prostituted herself. Not content with ruining Lilja\'s reputation at home, the story soon goes round school. As Lilja has been abandoned, she now really does have to prostitute herself for money to live. One glimmer of hope is her friend Volodya , abused and rejected by his alcoholic father, with whom she forms a tender protective relationship. She buys Volodya a basketball with money she has earned as a prostitute, but Volodya\'s father punctures it with a pair of scissors. Another glimmer of hope is Andrei , who becomes her boyfriend and offers her a job in Sweden. But all is not what it seems, and only bad things await Lilja when she arrives there. After arriving in Sweden, she is greeted by her future "employer"  and taken to a nearly empty apartment where he imprisons her and rapes her. Lilja is then forced to perform sexual acts for a large number of clients; all the abuse is seen from Lilja\'s point of view. Meanwhile in the former Soviet Union, Volodya commits suicide, devastated that Lilja had abandoned him to his fate. In the form of an angel, Volodya comes to Lilja to watch over her. On Christmas Day, he transports Lilja to the roof of the apartment, and gives Lilja the world as a present, but she simply finds it cold and unwelcoming. After one escape attempt Lilja is brutally beaten by her pimp, but she then escapes again. Finally, and much to the distress of Volodya  she commits suicide herself in the continuation of the scene from the beginning of the film by jumping from the bridge. The film\'s conclusion shows two alternate versions of events: a. Lilja and Volodya, now both dead, angelic and happily playing basketball on the roof of some tenement building, safe from all harm the world can do to them. b. It is also shown that somehow Lilja was sent back in time to when she made the decision to go to Sweden with Andrei . In essence she finds herself exactly at the moment she first made the decision, however this time she rejects Andrei\'s offer to go to Sweden and she and Volodya are shown to presumably live happier lives.'] ["30-something Mitali aka Meethi  suffers from Schizophrenia and is taken care of by her much older, divorced sister Anjali aka Anu  and an ageing mother . Although she was never married in real life, Meethi has created her own alternate reality in her mind in which she got married to her ex-fiancé Joydeep  and has five children. While Anu has dedicated her life to taking care of Meethi and her mother, even putting her own relationship with a fellow professor  on hold, in Meethi's imaginary world both the older women are holding her in the house and away from her kids against her will. She imagines her family to be living at the non-existent 15 Park Avenue in . After Meethi has a severe seizure, her case is taken up by a new doctor Kunal Barua . While discussing her sister's case with the new doctor, Anu reveals that though Meethi had dormant schizophrenic traits since childhood, she led a very normal life till her early 20s, before a traumatic experience in the course of her job as a journalist made her withdraw from the outer world. Her fiancé, unable to deal with the emotional upheaval caused by the incidence, broke off the engagement. On the doctor's advice, Anu takes both women on a vacation to Bhutan, where they are spotted by Joydeep, now married with two kids. In her present state, Meethi does not recognize Joydeep as the same man she is married to in her imagination, and befriends him. When Joydeep learns of Meethi's worsened condition and her imaginary world, he offers to help her locate the elusive family home - 15 Park Avenue. Back in Kolkata, Joydeep drives her down to the part of the city where she believes her house and her family are. In a surrealistic climax, Meethi finally locates the house and finds her husband Jojo  and her five children waiting for her return. She walks into the house, reunited with her 'real' family and is never seen again."] ['The film of exploitation in rural Bihar, in which a landlord ’s men wreck a village and kill the benevolent schoolmaster  who was in progressive force. The labourer Naurangia  breaks with a tradition to passive resistance and retaliates by killing the landlord’s brother. Naurangia and his wife Rama  become fugitives from justice. After many efforts to find sustenance elsewhere, the two decide to return home. To earn the fare, they agree to drive the herd of pigs through the river, causing the pregnant Rama to believe she has lost her baby.But they have to swim across a wide, swiftly flowing river, in which they nearly drown before reaching safety. At the end of the film Naurangia puts his ear to her belly and listens to the heartbeats of the unborn son.'] ['During World War II, the sailor Anatoly and his captain, Tikhon, are captured by the Nazis when they board their barge and tugboat which is carrying a shipment of coal. The Nazi officer leading the raid offers Anatoly the choice to shoot Tikhon and stay alive which Anatoly reluctantly takes, and Tikhon falls overboard. The Nazis blow up the ship but Anatoly is found by Russian Orthodox monks on the shore the next morning. He survives and becomes a stoker at the monastery but is perpetually overcome with guilt. Thirty years pass. Anatoly now has the gifts of prophecy and healing. But the other monks do not really understand him. People come to see Anatoly for cures and guidance, but even now, he remains in a perpetual state of repentance. He often gets in a boat and goes to an uninhabited island where he prays for mercy and forgiveness. A prominent admiral arrives to see Anatoly with his daughter. The daughter is possessed by a demon but Anatoly exorcises it. The admiral turns out to be Tikhon. It is revealed that Anatoly only wounded him during the war. Tikhon forgives Anatoly. Anatoly announces his death by Wednesday; the monks provide a coffin. Dressed in a white garment such as Jesus wore, he lies in the coffin, wearing a crucifix. Monks, one carrying a large cross representing the risen Christ, are seen rowing the coffin away from the island. <gallery> Image:Russia rabocheostrovsk ostrovs scenery belltower.jpg|Bell tower Image:Russia Rabocheostrovsk Ostrovs scenery barge.jpg|Barge </gallery>'] ["Susana grollo fernandez is full of the unique touches of Buñuel's surrealism. The heroine, Susana , is a beautiful inmate at a women's reformatory who escapes in the middle of a rainy night. When first seen, Susana's being thrown into a solitary cell for misbehaving and the correction officer says Imagine, she's been here two years and is worse than ever!. In her cell she asks God's help, facing a shadow of the cross formed by the window bars from where a spider crawls away. The window breaks open and she escapes. She ends up at a ranch. Soon the whole household is involved in possessing her and fighting over her. Jesus, the young ranch helper; Alberto, the family's son and heir; and Guadalupe, Alberto's father, 'a God-fearing man and the faithful husband of the beautiful, patient Dona Carmen'."] ['Petra von Kant  is a prominent fashion designer based in Bremen. The film is almost totally restricted to her apartment\'s bedroom, decorated by a huge reproduction of Poussin\'s Midas and Bacchus  depicting naked and partially clothed men. The room also contains numerous life-size mannequins for her work, though only her assistant Marlene  is shown using them. Petra\'s marriages have ended in death or divorce. Her first husband, Pierre, was a great love, who died in a car accident while Petra was pregnant; the second began the same way, but ended in disgust. Petra lives with Marlene, another designer, whom she treats as a slave, and reveals her sadistic side by making codependent relationships. Von Kant is shown being awoken by Marlene. She proceeds to begin her day and get dressed while her assistant attends to her. Von Kant makes a phone call to her mother, makes demands of Marlene , and dons a brown wig just before she receives a visitor. Petra talks to Sidonie , her cousin, about her male relationships. Meanwhile, Marlene does the work and acts as hostess. Karin Thimm , Sidonie\'s friend, joins the women. Karin newly returned to Germany after residing in Sydney for five years, is a desirable, 23-year-old woman. Petra is immediately attracted to Karin, and at this first meeting, suggests Karin becomes a model. Karin agrees to return the following day, but Sidonie has to leave and Karin follows her. Petra quickly falls madly in love with Karin. The next day, with Marlene showing clearer signs of frustration, but still typing, Petra, now wearing a larger and dark wig, offers to support Karin while she trains to be a model. Karin\'s husband has remained in Sydney, though Petra is only momentarily put off by this revelation. The women soon show their incompatibility. Petra had a happy childhood, and came from a home where the good things in life were always stressed. Karin\'s father was a toolmaker, and she always felt neglected by her parents. Petra loved mathematics and algebra at school, but Karin could never understand arithmetic and the point of substituting letters for numbers. Petra has a daughter, whom she rarely sees, but reassures herself that her daughter is at the best possible boarding school. Karin\'s parents are now both dead. Her father killed Karin\'s mother, then hanged himself. She says people reject her when they find out about her history, but Petra now admits to a great affection for her, even stronger after having heard her family history. Petra orders Marlene to get a bottle of Sekt. Karin goes into more details about her parents death. Her father was made redundant because of his age, though it is clear he was probably alcoholic, and the deaths occurred when he was in a drunken stupor. Karin feels she has drifted in her life, her husband in Sydney treated her as a slave, and offered no reprieve from her past, but Petra insists this is about to change. Marlene returns with the bottle of Sekt in a tumbler, silently returns to her typing, and the other two women toast each other. Petra promises to make Karin a great model. Marlene, previously hidden by a curtain, stops typing and glares at Petra. While listening to a record, Petra says life is predestined, people are brutal and hard and everyone is replaceable. Petra, discovering the expense of Karin\'s hotel, suggests she move in with her. Marlene resumes her typing, but after Karin agrees to move in with Petra, she is ordered to bring more Sekt. While Petra admits to being in love with Karin, Karin herself can only say she likes Petra. Six months or so pass. Petra, resplendent in a red wig, is getting dressed, while Karin is in bed reading a colour magazine. Petra cancels a flight to Madrid over the telephone, a habit which Karin thinks is pointless, and Petra orders Marlene to find her shoes. Karin thinks Marlene is strange, but Petra reassures her that Marlene loves her. Karin can still not say she loves Petra. Karin\'s own capacity for cruelty emerges, while both women have already started drinking. The previous night Karin had been out until 6am, and admits to having been with a man, though she keeps changing her precise story; Petra is jealous and shouts at Marlene. Freddy, Karin\'s husband, telephones from Zurich. It emerges they have been in contact by letter, and Karin is no longer planning on gaining a divorce, rather she is rejoining her husband. Petra calls her a "rotten little whore", and Karin responds that being with Petra is less strenuous than walking the streets. She asks Petra to book a flight to Frankfurt, where she is to meet her husband, and asks for 500DM from Petra, though Petra freely gives her twice that. Marlene drives Karin to the airport; Petra is now too drunk to drive. On Petra\'s birthday, the bedroom is almost empty. Petra, lying on the floor and now wearing a blond wig, is drinking heavily while assuming her object of love and hate, Karin, will phone. Her daughter Gaby  arrives. Petra tells her little; Gaby admits to being in love with a young man, though it is so far unrequited. Sidonie appears with a birthday present: a doll with a blond hair like Karin\'s. She admits to knowing Karin is in Bremen that day. Petra\'s mother Valerie  is subjected to abuse in her turn. Petra accuses her of being a whore, who never worked and lived off her husband. Petra tramples on the china tea service Marlene had brought in; she insists on an ability to smash anything she has bought. She insists she is not crazy about Karin, but loved her. She claims Karin\'s little finger is worth all of them put together. Her mother, previously unaware of Karin, is shocked at the thought of her daughter being in love with another woman. Petra rejects Sidonie and hopes not to see her again, but Sidonie stays. Later, Petra lies in bed sans wig, her natural auburn hair on display. She is apologetic to her mother, and realizes she wanted to possess Karin rather than love her. Karin rings from Paris, offering the chance that they will perhaps meet again. Petra turns to Marlene, after her mother has left, and admits she has to apologize to her for many things. It will be different from now on, Petra will share her life with Marlene. But Marlene, who has satisfied her personal masochistic desire in submitting to Petra, packs her small suitcase leaves and takes the doll with her.'] ['The plot focuses on a prominent concert pianist, Charlotte Andergast , who has been neglectful and dismissive of her children, whom she has not seen in over seven years. Charlotte decides to make a visit to her eldest daughter, Eva  at her remote house, where she lives with her husband, Viktor . Upon arrival, Charlotte discovers that her other daughter, Helena , who is mentally and physically disabled  is living with and being taken care of by Eva. Wounded by the neglect and selfishness of her mother, Eva begins to spill all of the things she has ever wanted to say to Charlotte, and as the evening progresses, the tension culminates to a wave of harsh words and exposure of true feelings that change their mother–daughter relationship forever.'] ['Set in Calcutta during the 1950s Mahanagar explores the evolving independence of middle-class women of the city. Arati , a home maker, takes up a job as a door-to-door saleswoman to meet the increasing financial pressure on her family. Despite familial adversity and societal obstacles the initially hesitant and nervous Arati soon begins to prosper in her field and gradually starts to enjoy her new found financial and psychological independence. Her initially supportive husband, Subrata , who now starts to feel insecure decides to ask Arati to quit but is finally forced to let her continue to work once he loses his job. Arati now becomes the sole breadwinner of the family and also befriends an English-speaking, Anglo-Indian  colleague Edith , a move which raises suspicion and increases conflict within her family.'] ['The film revolves around two men who vie for a single young woman, Gabrielle Deneige. Gabrielle, a local weather woman, is in her twenties and lives with her mother, who works in a little bookstore. Charles Saint-Denis is a famed author who has just written a new book. Seeming to shy away from the public eye, he lives in the countryside of Lyon with his wife. At a party after a television interview about his new novel, Charles first spies young Gabrielle, then attends a book signing in the bookshop where Gabrielle\'s mother works. After a little flirting, Charles gives Gabrielle a copy of his book and an invitation for her to attend an auction with him. She agrees. The local scion of a pharmaceutical company, Paul Gaudens, enters the store and confronts Saint-Denis, then sees Gabrielle. Paul invites her to dinner with him. She agrees to go. While they are at dinner, Charles meets with friends, one of whom speaks about his daughter dating a man Charles\' age, and how he handles the situation. Charles asks him about the auction on Saturday. The scene cuts to the exterior of the restaurant, where Gabrielle thanks Paul for the meal. He offers to take her home, but she indicates it isn\'t far and that she\'s on her scooter. Paul tells her she\'s "amazing, honestly." Gabrielle puts him off, telling him that she likes him, but not to pressure her. She walks to her motorbike and drives off. Paul shows he is unhappy at not getting what he wants. He spots a parking ticket on his car, snatches it off, and tosses it on the ground. The audience sees more and more that Paul is a spoiled rich kid with serious issues about getting what he wants. The following Saturday, Gabrielle attends the auction with Charles, where he bids on a love letter, then bids on and wins an illustrated manuscript written by an erotomaniac. He presents the document to Gabrielle, commenting that if she doesn\'t like to read, she can look at the pictures. The audience will later realize this is his initial effort to let her know what his interests are. They return to Charles\' flat in the city; he pours champagne, she asks him to kiss her, and they have sex. Afterward, Gabrielle comments that she must have seemed clumsy to him. He responds, "I\'ll teach you." She observes that she probably wasn\'t the first he\'d brought to the flat, and he answers that she could be the last. She admires a photo on the wall, which Charles says is of Lisbon. She asks if he\'ll take her there someday, then abruptly asks him the time. She realizes she is late for work and rushes to dress. Gabrielle asks Charles about meeting later that night, and he tells her, "Whoa, little girl," and that she\'s moving too fast. He says he\'s not a free man, having been married for 25 years, and is 30 years older than she is. She indicates this doesn\'t bother her, they quarrel, and she throws the manuscript at him and storms out. At the TV station, after the weathercast, her boss, Phillipe, asks her to a party with him that night to meet some people. He has her find an appropriate dress in wardrobe. At the party, they\'re sitting at a table when a young man comes up to tell his boss  that another employee, Emilie, is drunk. Phillipe tells the young man to leave her alone, as he\'s about to fire her in five minutes. Then Phillipe turns to tell Gabrielle something, but she excuses herself. She goes over to the bar and asks for champagne, and Paul shows up. He leads her to the dance floor where he tells her that her boss is charming. Gabrielle realizes that Paul arranged for her to be invited to the party, and she excuses herself and leaves, starting to walk home . Paul and his friend  Frank follow Gabrielle out, and Paul gets increasingly insistent with her until he is actually physically restraining her with a hand on her throat. Frank drags him away from her, but Gabrielle is shaken by Paul\'s boorish behavior, and the viewer grows more aware of undercurrents with this character that do not bode well for the future. The scene cuts to Charles listening to music; he calls himself an idiot. Then we see a shot of Gabrielle\'s mother tucking her safely into bed like a little girl. At the television studio, Gabrielle\'s colleague suggests she\'s in line for a job . Gabrielle says she\'ll let the producer approach her when she is called to her dressing room by a woman who says that someone\'s waiting there and she thinks it\'s important. In her dressing room, she is greeted by Paul and a large bouquet of flowers. He apologizes for his behavior, saying he was drunk and asking for forgiveness, which she gives. He intimates that he can improve her work situation for her, being friends with the boss, and she tells him to stay out of her business. Because of her independence, he guesses, then professes his love again. She asks him where his pride is, and he says pride doesn\'t matter. She admits she likes him a little, and he expresses his joy that she loves him, and she stresses "likes." Suddenly, another bouquet of multi-colored roses arrives—this time with a card with two words: "Come. Charles". While Paul stands there chewing on his fingers , Gabrielle grabs her coat and runs out. Paul picks up the card, sees the name on it, and rips it up, furious that his rival has taken Gabrielle. When Gabrielle arrives at Charles\' flat, he apologizes and they again have sex. Time passes, during which we see Charles "initiating" his young lover into increasingly open sexual behavior, Gabrielle telling her mother about the relationship , Gabrielle working in her new job as a talk show host, and Paul lunching with his mother, sisters, and Frank. At the restaurant, where Charles is lunching with his wife and his friend Capucine, Paul causes two small scenes, first at Charles\' table, and then by haranguing his mother for her failings as a mother  until his mother asks Frank to take him away. After the lunch scene, Gabrielle behaves in a way that suggests she is losing some of her sexual inhibitions, and Charles asks her whether she feels humiliated. She says that she doesn\'t, and he tells her he loves her more than he\'s ever loved anyone. But then he indicates he\'s feeling restless, and takes to the sex club where his friends are. We later learn that Charles asks Gabrielle to perform sexual acts on his friends to show how liberated she is . Perhaps taking this step with his lovers is Charles\' way of preparing to drop them, as after that Charles then leaves the country , has his wife change the locks to his flat, and ends contact with Gabrielle. Gabrielle is crushed by these acts and stops functioning. With her daughter stuck in a virtual catatonic state, Gabrielle\'s mother has an idea . She calls Paul and invites him over. We next see Paul and Gabrielle in Lisbon. But Paul feels that he cannot make her forget Charles and creates a shouting scene in a bar one afternoon, then rushes out. Gabrielle stays and drinks, then goes to Paul\'s. Gabrielle tells Paul that they should be just friends. Furious, Paul begins to shout and tells Gabrielle that he never wants to see her again. Gabrielle, drunk, goes to see Paul and tells him she will marry him. He agrees and they are soon engaged. Paul\'s mother detests Gabrielle. Charles learns of Paul and Gabrielle\'s engagement on the local news. At the gown fitting, Charles talks to Gabrielle. Gabrielle tells Charles that she loves him and she won\'t marry Paul if Charles leaves his wife. Charles won\'t agree, and Gabrielle marries Paul. Gabrielle obviously does not fit into the Gaudens family. On their honeymoon, Paul, experiencing some of the sexual expertise Gabrielle has acquired, grows more and more jealous. He knows about her night at the sex club with Charles\' friends and that Charles is impotent. Paul, disgusted, threatens Gabrielle with a small pistol. He puts the gun to his head and pulls the trigger, revealing that it is not loaded. Later, Paul and Gabrielle attend a benefit dinner at which Paul\'s mother is present. Charles is there also and while he is delivering the keynote address, Paul walks on the stage and shoots Charles for "perverting my wife." Gabrielle is called to testify against Charles and his sexual depravity. She refuses, until the third lawyer hired by the Gaudens gets her to go talk to Paul\'s mother. Here we learn that Paul may have killed his older brother in the bathroom when Paul was three years old. Gabrielle tells the truth in court. When she goes to visit Paul, who received only seven years in prison, he denies her. When Gabrielle goes to see Paul\'s mother, she tells Gabrielle that she was played and will soon receive divorce papers from Paul. Gabrielle will also not get any money from the Gaudens. Gabrielle seems flippant and tells Paul\'s mother that she is keeping the car that Paul gave her, because she needs it. The movie ends with Gabrielle being sawed in two and reappearing in her uncle\'s magic show.'] ['The film opens with the murder of gangsters relaxing in a tanning salon. This shooting occurs between clans of the DiLauro camorra syndicate which rule Scampia-Secondigliano, and triggers the so-called "Faida di Scampia"  which is the backdrop of the entire movie. The Faida erupted between members of the DiLauro syndicate and the so-called "scissionisti"  who were led by Raffaele Amato who was a brother of two of the killed men in the opening scene. This fact is understood in the scene in which don Ciro tries to switch sides and join the "scissionisti" faction by talking to a camorra boss  and at a point says "we were all friends before..." and the boss replies "before! Before we were all friends...then BUM ! BUM ! BUM!...your friends started doing the sh*t...my parents were good people and that\'s how they took them out!". This plot backdrop is missed by most foreign spectators that aren\'t aware of the Faida di Scampia history and hardly understand any of the strict Neapolitan dialogues. The film intertwines five separate stories of people whose lives are touched by organized crime. Don Ciro Don Ciro  is a timid middleman who distributes money to the families of imprisoned clan members. After the feud develops within the clan, he is ambushed by two angry gangsters whilst making a delivery. Wanting to save his own skin, he later offers to defect to their side. They explain to him their families were murdered by the clan and want retribution, and that they have no need for a money-carrier. Instead, Ciro leads them to the location where he is given the money for distribution. The pair raid the place, killing everyone but Ciro, and take the money. Ciro quietly walks off to an uncertain future. Totò Totò  is a 13-year-old grocery delivery boy who observes some drug dealers ditch a bag of drugs and a gun when running from the police at Sette palazzi in Scampia. He returns the items to the gang, who take him in. His initiation in an underground cavern involves him being shot while wearing a bulletproof vest as a test of courage. As the feud develops, families in the neighborhood that are perceived to be disloyal receive a warning to move out or suffer violence; Totò\'s fellow gang members received similar threats. Later, while hanging out with his gang in the streets of Scampia, one of his gang is killed in a drive-by. The gang decides to stand their ground and exact violent retribution by selecting a woman, Maria , as their next victim, because her son has joined a clan of Scissionisti di Secondigliano. Totò, who has delivered groceries to Maria, is forced to lure her out of her apartment, where his comrades execute her. Roberto Roberto  is a graduate who works in waste management. His boss Franco  illegally dumps toxic waste such as chromium and asbestos at sites such as abandoned quarries. During an operation, a drum of toxic chemicals is accidentally spilled on a driver. Franco refuses to call an ambulance, and when the workers refuse to handle the waste, Franco instead hires children to drive the trucks. When he sees firsthand the harmful effects of illegal toxic waste dumping on people\'s health, Roberto can no longer contain his disgust and quits. Pasquale Pasquale  is an haute couture tailor who works for Iavarone , a garment factory owner with ties to the Camorra. Pasquale takes a night-job training Chinese garment workers. Because they are competing with Camorra-controlled firms, the Chinese drive him to and from work in the trunk of their car. His secret work is discovered nonetheless, and on a ride home two gunmen on a scooter open fire on the car. He survives but feels forced to abandon his career, taking a job as a truck driver. At a truck stop one night, he sees Scarlett Johansson on TV wearing one of his dresses. Marco and Sweet Pea Marco  and Ciro  are two cocky, out of control, teenage wannabe-gangsters who try to operate a small racket independent of the local clan. Full of youthful exuberance and impressed with mafia portrayals from Hollywood movies, they quote lines and spontaneously reenact scenes from Scarface in Walter Schiavone\'s villa while dropping references to Tony Montana, Miami, and Colombians. Their first score is sticking up African immigrants during a drug purchase at the famous Hotel Boomerang, Castel Volturno. The word of the incident gets to the local mob chieftain Giovanni , who summons them and warns them under threat of violence not to repeat such behavior in the future. Ignoring him completely, they spy Camorra gangsters hiding a stash of weapons. They steal the weapons and amuse themselves by firing off rounds by the banks of a Regi Lagni canal estuary in the marshland. One day, out of money, they use their guns to rob a video arcade. They spend their money at a strip club, where the angry gangsters find them and threaten to kill them if they don\'t return the weapons within a day. The pair prove stubborn, so Zio  Vittorio , one of the local gangsters tries a different tactic: he approaches them in a bar with an offer to come work for him. He offers them €10,000 if they return the weapons and conduct a murder of Peppe O\'Cavallaro, in fact uncle Bernardino . They accept the offer, which turns out to be a trap, as they are ambushed and killed by Giovanni, Bernardino, Vittorio and others at the location of their supposed target, an abandoned beach resort next to Regi Lagni canal estuary, and the last scene shows their bodies being taken away by a bulldozer.'] ['At a social gathering at a château or baroque hotel, a man approaches a woman. He claims they met the year before at Marienbad and is convinced that she is waiting there for him. The woman insists they have never met. A second man, who may be the woman\'s husband, repeatedly asserts his dominance over the first man, including beating him several times at a mathematical game . Through ambiguous flashbacks and disorienting shifts of time and location, the film explores the relationships among the characters. Conversations and events are repeated in several places in the château and grounds, and there are numerous tracking shots of the château\'s corridors, with ambiguous voiceovers. The characters are unnamed in the film; in the published screenplay, the woman is referred to as "A", the first man is "X", and the man who may be her husband is "M".'] ['The film begins in a remote Hungarian military outpost, where orderly Morosgoványi Vendel lives a wretched existence of servitude beneath the heel of his lieutenant, Öreg Balatony Kálmán. Condemned to performing menial duties for the officer and his family while sleeping in an unheated shack next to the latrines, Morosgoványi frequently escapes into fantasy. So realistic are these fantasies that in one ambiguous instance, Morosgoványi sleeps with and impregnates the lieutenant\'s wife and "wakes up" to find himself engaged in an act of sodomy with a slaughtered pig. Upon seeing this, the lieutenant promptly executes Morosgoványi and raises the son, Balatony Kálmán, as his own. Decades later Kálmán has grown into a champion Hungarian speed eater. Coached and influenced by the strict Jenő, Kálmán\'s life revolves around training for the eventual day when the IOC recognizes speed-eating as a legitimate sport. After a bout of lockjaw at a Soviet event and eloping with fellow speed-eating champion Aczél Gizi, Kálmán resumes his rigorous training, even as Gizi gives birth to their son, Balatony Lajoska. Decades later, Lajoska has grown into a dedicated, professional taxidermist. In contrast to both his parents\' girth, Lajoska appears pale and impoverished, with a thin anemic frame and haunted visage. When not working from his taxidermy shop or failing in his attempts to lead a normal life, Lajoska purchases groceries for his father Kálmán, who has grown so monstrously obese that he cannot leave the chair in his claustrophobic apartment. Kálmán, who feeds butter to his caged cats, has nothing but harsh words for his son who, upon reaching his breaking point, abandons his father to his own prison. Returning later, he discovers that the cats have escaped their cages and, desiring meat, have eviscerated his father. Lajoska stuffs his father and the cats. With little left to live for, he locks himself in a homemade surgical harness and through the use of sedatives and painkillers, begins removing his own internal organs. Pumping his body full of preservatives and sewing himself up, he activates the machine that decapitates him, leaving behind a preserved statue. His body is displayed in an exhibit along with the cats and his father.'] ['During the First World War, two French aviators — aristocratic Captain de Boeldieu  and working-class Lieutenant Maréchal  — embark on a flight to examine the site of a blurred spot on photos from an earlier air reconnaissance mission. They are shot down by a German aviator and aristocrat, Rittmeister  von Rauffenstein . Von Rauffenstein, upon returning to base, sends a subordinate to find out if the aviators are officers and, if so, to invite them to lunch. During the meal, von Rauffenstein and de Boeldieu discover they have mutual acquaintances&mdash;a depiction of the familiarity, if not solidarity, within the upper classes that crosses national boundaries. De Boeldieu and Maréchal are then taken to a prisoner-of-war camp, where they meet a colorful group of fellow French prisoners and stage a vaudeville-type performance just after the Germans have taken Fort Douaumont in the epic battle of Verdun. During the performance, word arrives that the French have recaptured the fort. Maréchal interrupts the show, and the French prisoners spontaneously burst into "La Marseillaise". As a result of the disruption, Maréchal is placed in solitary confinement, where he suffers badly from lack of human contact and hunger; ironically, the fort changes hands once more while he is still imprisoned. De Boeldieu and Maréchal also help their fellow prisoners finish digging an escape tunnel. However, just before it is completed, everyone is transferred to other camps. Because of the language barrier, Maréchal is unable to pass word of the tunnel to an incoming British prisoner. De Boeldieu and Maréchal are moved from camp to camp, finally arriving in Wintersborn, a mountain fortress prison commanded by Von Rauffenstein, who has been so badly injured in battle that he has been promoted, but reassigned, much to his regret. Von Rauffenstein tells them that Wintersborn is escape-proof. At Wintersborn, the pair are reunited with a fellow prisoner, Rosenthal , from the original camp. Rosenthal is a wealthy French Jew, who generously shares the food parcels he receives. De Boeldieu comes up with an idea, after carefully observing how the German guards respond to an emergency. De Boeldieu volunteers to distract the guards for the few minutes needed for Maréchal and Rosenthal to escape. After a commotion staged by the prisoners, the guards are ordered to assemble them in the fortress courtyard. During the roll call, it is discovered that de Boeldieu is missing. He makes his presence known high up in the fortress, drawing the German guards away in pursuit. Maréchal and Rosenthal take the opportunity to lower themselves from a window by a homemade rope and flee. Von Rauffenstein has the guards stop shooting at de Boeldieu and pleads with his fellow aristocrat to give himself up. De Boeldieu refuses, and von Rauffenstein reluctantly shoots him in the stomach . Nursed in his final moments by a remorseful von Rauffenstein, de Boeldieu laments that their usefulness to society  will end with this war. He also pities von Rauffenstein, who will have to find a new purpose in the emerging social order. Maréchal and Rosenthal journey across the German countryside, trying to get to nearby Switzerland. Rosenthal injures his foot, slowing Maréchal down. They quarrel and part, but then Maréchal returns to help his comrade. They take refuge in the shed of a German farm woman, Elsa , who has lost her husband at Verdun, along with three brothers, at battles which, with quiet irony, she describes as "our greatest victories." She generously takes them in, and doesn\'t betray them to a passing German army patrol. Maréchal begins to fall in love with her, but he and Rosenthal eventually leave, after Rosenthal is healed. Maréchal promises to come back for Elsa and her daughter, Lotte, after the war. A German patrol sights the two fugitives crossing a snow-covered valley. The soldiers fire a few rounds, but then an officer orders them to cease fire, saying the pair have crossed into Switzerland. We last glimpse the pair from a distance, trudging through deep snow, their future uncertain.'] ["Manbei Kohayagawa  is the head of a small sake brewery company at Kyoto with three daughters. His eldest and youngest daughters, Akiko  and Noriko , stay together in Osaka. Akiko is a widow who helps out at an art gallery and who has a son. Noriko, unmarried, works as a salaried office worker. Manbei's second daughter, Fumiko , lives with him. Her husband helps at the brewery and they have a young son. Manbei asks his brother-in-law Kitagawa  to find Akiko a husband, and Kitagawa lets Akiko meet a friend Isomura Eiichirou , a widower, at a pub. Isomura is enthusiastic about the match but Akiko is hesitant. Manbei also asks Kitagawa to arrange a matchmaking session for his youngest daughter, Noriko. During summer Manbei sneaks out constantly to meet his old flame, a former mistress by the name of Sasaki Tsune . Sasaki has a grown-up, rather Westernized daughter Yuriko who may or may not be Manbei's own daughter. When Fumiko finds out Manbei has been seeing Sasaki again, she is angered and confronts her father, but Manbei denies the whole affair. The Kohayagawa family meets for a memorial service for their late mother at Arashiyama. After returning, Manbei has a heart attack but survives. Akiko asks Noriko about her matchmaking session with a man with a voracious appetite, but it appears Noriko is more inclined towards a friend Teramoto , a lecturer who has just moved to Sapporo as an assistant professor. In a secret trip out with Sasaki to and back from Osaka, Manbei has another heart attack, and dies shortly after. Sasaki informs the daughters of what happened. The ailing Kohayagawa brewery is to be merged with a business rival's, while Noriko decides to go to Sapporo to search out Teramoto. At the film's end, the Kohayagawa family gathers and reminisces about Manbei's life as his body is cremated."] ["The film begins in 1899, with the grandfather of Oskar Matzerath, the main character, being pursued by the police through rural Kashubia. Hiding underneath the skirts of a young woman named Anna Bronski, whom he later marries and conceives a daughter - Oskar's mother - with, he evades the authorities until he drowns trying to escape them. As time goes by, Anna's daughter Agnes develops an incestuous affair with her cousin Jan Bronski, a worker in the Polish Post Office, until she is introduced to the charismatic Alfred Matzerath while serving as a nurse during World War I. The two men become firm friends, albeit love rivals, and later Agnes gives birth to a son, Oskar. Oskar has an adult mentality since birth and upon hearing from Alfred that he will inherit his grocery shop when he is an adult, he decides to stop growing by the age of three. On Oskar's third birthday he is given a tin drum, something that will remain with him for the rest of the film. Oskar throws himself down the cellar stairs, strangely injuring himself, and from that day on he does not grow any older. It is discovered that Oskar has the ability to shatter glass with his voice, which he uses to cause disruption whenever he is upset. Oskar uses his drum for similar purposes, such as disrupting a Nazi rally. During a visit to the circus, Oskar is introduced to Bebra, a performing dwarf whom Oskar can relate to. When the four are on an outing to the beach, they see an eel-picker at work, a sight that makes Agnes repeatedly vomit. Alfred buys some of the eels and a confrontation begins when he insists that she eat them, ultimately leading to Agnes developing a strange addiction to raw fish, from which she gets food poisoning and eventually dies. At his mother's funeral, Oskar witnesses an antisemitic assault on Sigismund Markus, the Jewish toymaker who supplies him with drums; Nazism is on the rise, and the Jewish and Polish residents of Danzig are under increasing pressure from the German community. Markus commits suicide during Kristallnacht, when his shop is attacked by SA men, and synagogues are burned down. On the 1st of September 1939, Oskar, while looking for the Polish caretaker Kobyella, who can repair his drum, unwittingly leads Jan into the Polish Post Office, which is about to join an armed standoff against the SS by the Polish workers. During the battle, Kobyella is shot while fetching a new drum for Oskar, and Jan is wounded. They withdraw to the storeroom and play Skat until Kobyella eventually dies and the Germans capture the building. Oskar is taken home as Jan is arrested and eventually executed. Despite the recent turbulence, Alfred's shop resumes business normally and he employs the fifteen-year-old Maria as housekeeper. Oskar seduces Maria and impregnates her, later irritated at her to find out that she is having an affair with Alfred. Oskar also has a brief sexual relationship with Lina Greff, the wife of the local grocer and scoutmaster. During World War II, Oskar come across Bebra again, and he meets Roswitha, a new member of his troupe. Oskar decides to join Bebra's team, using his glass-shattering voice as part of the act. Oskar and Roswitha begin a romantic affair which is cut short when she is killed by artillery fire during the Allied invasion of Normandy while on tour in France. After a lift back to Danzig with the team, Oskar bids farewell and returns home. Much of the city has been destroyed and the Russians are fast approaching. Oskar meets his now three-year-old son Kurt, to whom he gives a tin drum much like his own. As the Russians finally enter the city, the family are hiding in the cellar when a group of Russian soldiers break in and gang-rape Lina. Alfred is killed by a Mongolian soldier after choking violently on his Nazi party pin-badge in an attempt to swallow it. During Alfred's burial when the war is over, Oskar decides that he will now grow up and throw away his drum. As he does, Kurt throws a stone at his head and he is knocked unconscious, a catalyst that causes him to start growing again. Soon afterwards, all of the family apart from Anna Bronski are deported from the city, which is to be re-occupied only by Poles. As the train leaves, the film ends as it begins; with Anna Bronski sitting in her potato field, watching the train go by."] ['Qiu Ju is a peasant who lives in a small farming enclave with her husband Qinglai, his sister and their father. She is in the final trimester of her first pregnancy. One day while her husband is conversing to Wang Shantang, the head of the community, a miscommunication ensues. Qinglai\'s comment that Shantang "only breeds hens", was misconstrued to reflect on a perceived inability of the chieftain to produce a son . The minor municipality leader is insulted by this inference and beats Qinglai, kicking him so severely in the groin that he must see a doctor and remain absent from his work. Because of this injustice, Qiu Ju sets forth to extract an explanation from Wang Shantang, one which the village head is unwilling to supply. Qiu Ju, determined to right this wrong, goes to the local police office and complains. The policeman for their area comes up with a solution: the village chief must pay 200 yuan to Qinglai. When Qiu Ju goes to the headman, he insultingly throws the 200 yuan notes onto the ground and refuses to apologize. Qiu Ju then goes to the provincial capital accompanied by her husbands\' younger sister, Meizi. To raise money for the trip she sells some of the dried hot peppers which are produced on the family farm for cash. This process is one that she and Meizi repeat several times more. Taking the bus to the big city she and her sister are obviously "country folk" as the city people are dressed in a more modern fashion. By luck the two women find lodging at a cheap hotel where the manager helps them by giving them the address of the head of the district police. The two women meet him and he promises them that their case will be reviewed. Weeks later the new verdict from the district police is nearly the same as the previous, but this time the village headman must pay 250 yuan. He still refuses to apologize and so Qiu Ju goes back to the big city, this time against the wishes of her own husband . Qiu Ju finds a lawyer who takes the case and files suit under a new law. The case is judged by the court as having been correctly resolved in by the district, the fine remains at 250 yuan, Qiu Ju is unhappy but all she can do is make yet another appeal to an even higher level of police investigation. As part of the suit, officials come to the village and Qiu Ju\'s husband is X-rayed at the local hospital. Its now the middle of winter, Qiu Ju goes into labor and experiences complications. The village headman is woken at night by Qiu Ju\'s husband\'s father who begs the village chief to do something. Grumbling, he sets off in the night, through the snow, rounds up a group of local men , and returns to the village. They then carry Qiu Ju, by hand, on a stretcher through the snow to the hospital, where she gives birth safely to a healthy baby boy. A month later the whole village is invited to the "one month party" for the baby boy and the village headman is begged to come to the party as Qiu Ju and her husband all admit that the village chief saved Qiu Ju\'s life. But he doesn\'t come, and the local policeman shows up to tell Qiu Ju that the X-rays revealed her husband had a broken rib. As a result, the village chief is being sent to jail on a fifteen-day-term. Qiu Ju, runs off to try and stop the police from taking the headman away but never even sees the police and the movie ends on a freeze-frame of Qiu Ju with an expression of anguish on her face.'] [" Pooja , who grew up as an orphan girl and always dreamt of owning a house, becomes insecure when she finds out that she and her husband, Inder , have to leave the apartment they rent. The twist that occurred when Inder gives her the keys of a new house proves to be double-edged, when it is revealed that he is in love with another woman, Kavita , with whom he earned the money  for the new apartment. While previously giving advice to her maid  cheated by her husband, now Pooja becomes herself involved in a similar situation. When Inder deserts Pooja for Kavita, she chooses to leave the apartment for a women's hostel with only 2000 rupees that she had when she got married. She is helped by Raj ([[Raj Kiran  to surpass the difficulties of life as a single person, to find a job and to rely morally on herself. Raj and Pooja become good friends. Gradually, Kavita's mental instability deepens her fears of insecurity, even after Inder requests Pooja to sign the divorce papers. Raj falls in love with Pooja and proposes to her. She refuses saying she is empty and cannot give him anything. Raj tries to persuade her saying that she cannot spend the rest of her life feeling miserable about the past and that she should try to find a new life for herself. Pooja promises to think about it. Pooja's maid, whose only aim in life is to secure a good education for her daughter, has saved {{INRConvert}} towards her admission fees. She finds out that her drunk husband has stolen the money. Furious, she searches for him to find him in the arms of his lover after spending all the money. She kills him and goes to the police station and confesses her crime. Worried about her daughter, she calls Pooja who promises to take care of the daughter. After the insistence of Kavita's mother  and of her personal doctor , Pooja personally assures Kavita that she is not interested in Inder anymore. However, Pooja's attitude only convinces Kavita that breaking Pooja's marriage was a mistake. To escape from her feeling of guilt and insecurity, she breaks-up with Inder. The latter tries to revive his relation with Pooja, but is rejected. Pooja continues to live with her maid's daughter and refuses to marry Raj saying that she has found a new meaning to life in being independent and being a mother to the child and marrying Raj will only weaken her."] ['EpilogueCharactersAudioVideo The LD "upgrade edition" includes a bonus disc featuring one hour of extra material including the documentary Dog Days. The latter was made available in the Dog Days After bonus disc available in the Japanese Mamoru Oshii Cinema Trilogy boxset. This boxset was released in North America without the extra, namely a 76 pages book and Dog Days After. *{{Flag icon}} 1991.09.25: Keruberosu: Jigoku no Banken [VHS]  *{{Flag icon}} 1991.12.19: StrayDog: Kerberos Panzer Cops  [2LD]  *{{Flag icon}} 2003.02.25: Mamoru Oshii Cinema Trilogy [4DVD+1CD+1BOOK]  *{{Flag icon}} 2003.11.04: Mamoru Oshii Cinema Trilogy [3DVD+1CD]  *{{Flag icon}} 2003.11.04: Mamoru Oshii Cinema Trilogy [3DVD+1CD]  English subtitled *{{Flag icon}} 2003.11.04: StrayDog: Kerberos Panzer Cops [DVD]  English subtitled'] ['Meat merchant Oleg, prostitute Marina, and piano tuner "simply Volodya" drop into an all-night bar in Moscow, where they are served by a narcoleptic bartender  while each regales the others with made-up biographies. Oleg claims to work in President Putin\'s administration, supplying him with bottled water and his wife with liquor; Marina passes herself off as a marketing executive; and Volodya, the infamous lead singer of the rock group Leningrad, as a geneticist who clones twins  in a laboratory that has been engaged in these experiments since the days of Stalin. After they separate, these fantasy realities, especially Volodya\'s, begin to dominate their everyday lives.'] ["The film is about the schism between a film star daughter, Rohini  and her father Sudhamoy , who is unwilling but forced to depend on his daughter's earnings. The narrative revolves around the sudden illness of Rohini's mother  who has to be hospitalized. No one knows what she is suffering from. The physical illness sets off a chain of events in Rohini's life that includes her relationship with her father."] ['The film consists of three autobiographical chapters  of an open diary—that of film director and film producer Nanni Moretti.  The first episode follows the director/protagonist riding a Vespa through the neighbourhoods of a summery and half-deserted Rome. Shots of landscape, architecture, and beautiful monuments accompany his thoughts, which range from critiques of Hollywood cinema , to critiques of banalization of the Italian cinema, to a chance meeting with Jennifer Beals, to sociology and urbanism. The episode ends at Ostia, close to the place where Pier Paolo Pasolini was killed.  The second episode cuts to Moretti escaping from the frenzy of city life on a journey through the Aeolian Islands. Travelling by ferry, his first stop is Lipari where he visits his friend Gerardo , a scholar studying James Joyce\'s Ulysses who had moved to the island eleven years earlier. He retires to study on the lost island where he can\'t even receive the television signal. But he is unable to find the tranquillity he desires, due to the number of tourists. So Nanni, accompanied by Gerardo, moves to Salina Island. The two are welcomed by a couple, friends of Gerardo, who seem incapable of managing the education of an extremely over-indulged child.  Gerardo lets himself be influenced by the boy, who spends hours in front of the television, and discovers soap opera. Gradually Gerardo becomes entirely dependent upon the genre. Nanni, now even more exasperated, decides to move, still accompanied by Gerardo, to the island of Stromboli, but even this choice proves unfortunate: the two now have to deal with a megalomaniac mayor who wants to involve them in the most odd projects. While visiting the volcano Gerardo becomes still more gripped by the soap operas, to the point of asking American tourists what happens in the episodes of The Bold and the Beautiful, which haven\'t been broadcast in Italy yet. Disgruntled by the latest failure Nanni decides to move on the island of Alicudi, the least civilized of all, lacking water and electricity. At last Nanni seems satisfied with the accommodation, but Gerardo is impelled to escape from the island as soon as he realizes he cannot follow his favourite soap opera there.  The final episode narrates the difficult diagnosis of a disease that affected Moretti in real life and has the symptoms of persistent itching and disturbing insomnia. Nanni goes through a load of doctors and specialists who, between superficiality and false knowledge, suggest the most bizarre diagnoses. His desperation is such that he also tries alternate treatments, like Acupuncture. After having tried them all, another doctor suggests an X-ray after noticing his developing cough. This X-ray reveals a mass on the lung which after a biopsy he is diagnosed as suffering from a malignant, but treatable lymphatic system tumour. The illness symptoms, which Nanni found in a medical encyclopedia, are those he declared to the "deaf" doctors. The episode concludes with a bitter and sarcastic toast alla salute! , accompanied by a glass of water.'] ["The story is set deep in the Andhra Pradesh countryside, in the West Godavari. Swarnalata  is a classically trained Carnatic singer who lost her son and best friend in a bus accident. Swarnalata is still haunted by her loss, and keeps herself shut in her grand house for twenty years, too depressed to meet people or even sing. Eventually her dead friend's son Abhinay  returns to the village to open up barely healed wounds. Abhinay and his girlfriend Pinky  are both musicians, albeit with more modern tastes, and are itching to make it big. Abhinay knows of Swarnalata's skill in Carnatic music and wants her to sing with his band in a fusion piece, and after much persuasion Swarnalata agrees. The young couple slowly bond with Swarnalatha as they play together, and slowly their common wounds are put behind them. On the day of concert Swarnlata's husband books a taxi, which breaks down and they are forced to take the bus to city. Swarnalata gets traumatized and starts screaming with fear and faints. Abhinay and Pinky are devastated when Swarnlata fails to show up for the show, with the organizers kicking them out. Pinky decides to go back to the villageand finds Swarnalata frail and ill, filled with guilt of not showing up. She consoles her, while Swarnlata repeatedly apologises. Her helplessness irritates Pinky and she pushes Swarnalata in her car and drives across the bridge to show her that there is nothing to fear. Meanwhile in the city Abhinay has planned another concert, this time with only Pinky as main performer. Pinky starts singing and she is joined by Swarnalata on the stage. A side plot involving Pinky and her city slicker mother  add comedy into an otherwise serious and thoughtful film. The film was photographed by Rajiv Menon and edited by A. Sreekar Prasad. Music was composed by Mani Sharma."] ['The film begins with an audio-visual collage of news reports on contemporary wars and terrorism. Reports of major incidents from the 11 September 2001 attacks, the murder of Daniel Pearl, the Iraq War to the 2002 Gujarat violence and terrorism in India flash across the screen. This is followed by a saying, {{cquote}} The story is set in September 2001. It starts as her parents drop Meenakshi Iyer  at the bus station. Meenakshi and Raja Chowdhury  get introduced to each other through a common friend just before they embark on their journey. Raja, a wildlife photographer, is requested by Meenakshi\'s parents to look after their daughter and baby grandson, Santhanam. The passengers of the bus include a boisterous and highly enthusiastic group of teenagers, a couple of Sikh gentlemen, an elderly Muslim couple, a grouchy woman, a young couple high on romance, a mentally challenged boy and his mother, and some card-playing men. While the bus negotiates the hilly terrain, Meenakshi is forced to interact with Raja in order to pacify the restive baby. The other passengers assume that they are a married couple. The bus faces a roadblock and the bus driver attempts a detour. However, soon the bus is stopped by a queue of paused vehicles. Within some time, news arrives that Hindu mobs are rampaging against Muslims after a Hindu village was burned down in sectarian violence. The situation turns serious as policemen arrive and announce that curfew has been imposed; all the passengers are ordered back to their vehicles. Here is where Raja reveals his Muslim identity to Meenakshi and tells her that he has to leave in order to protect himself. As someone who comes from a high caste and a conservative Brahmin family, Meenakshi shudders at the very fact that during their travel she drank water offered by Raja, a Muslim. "Please. Don\'t touch me" is her shocked reply. But before he can make a move he is forced to get inside the bus by the patrolling police. After the police exit to scout other areas for arson, one rioting Hindu mob arrives and forcibly enters the bus. They begin interrogating passengers about their religious identities and when in doubt, they even resort to check if the person is circumcised.{{cite web}}  In order to protect himself from them, one of the passengers—Jewish and hence circumcised—points out the old Muslim couple to divert the mob\'s attention. The mob\'s leader drags the old man and his wife out of the bus. One teenager resists this, but she is thrashed by the leader. As Raja attempts to rise in revolt, Meenakshi plants Santhanam on his lap, ordering him to hold the baby with an intent to shield Raja\'s Muslim identity. The mob asks about their identities, and Meenaksi tells the leader that Raja and she are Mr. and Mrs. Iyer. After this chilly encounter, the passengers spend the night in the bus. In the morning, the passengers are in a lighter mood and trek to a nearby village to seek accommodation. Raja and Meenakshi, identifying themselves as Mr. and Mrs. Iyer, fail to find any accommodation. However, the police officer, who was patrolling the earlier evening, bails them out by providing shelter at an abandoned forest bungalow. They are provided with the single usable bedroom available in the bungalow. Meenakshi refuses to share the room with Raja, and curses herself for coming along with a stranger. After confronting her on her outdated prejudices about caste and religion, Raja angrily tells her "this is 2001, no one believes like that anymore." After a brief quarrel, Raja allows her the comfort of the bedroom and prefers to sleep outside. The next morning when Meenakshi does not find Raja, she gets worried and angry as to why he left Santhanam and her in such a place. Soon, she feels relieved to find Raja sleeping outside. After they reach a restaurant in the nearby village, they meet up with the teenagers on the bus. Meenakshi tells them that Santanam is a Sagittarius - his birthday is on the 20th. The teenage girls are excited and curious to know about Meenaakshi and Raja\'s love story. To keep their farce alive, both of them cook up an impromptu story right from how they met till where they went for their honeymoon. Later, they encounter the same police officer who previously helped them. He volunteers to arrange transport for them to the city the next morning after learning that Raja is a photographer . He escorts the couple back to the forest bungalow for the night. During their stay at this bungalow, they discover each other\'s beliefs and understanding of religion. That night, as they witness a horrific murder by one of the mobs, a shocked Meenakshi is comforted by Raja. The next day, they sit in an army truck which drops them to the nearest city. Once in the city, they board the train towards their destination. An unspoken love and a strong attraction is evident between them, keeping behind all their differences. At their destination station, Kolkata, the real Mr. Iyer  arrives to receive his wife. Meenakshi introduces Raja to her husband as Jehangir Chowdhury, a Muslim man who helped her  during the curfew. While Mr. Iyer  is collecting Meenakshi\'s luggage, Raja hands over a camera roll to Meenakshi, the one that contains the photos of their journey and both of them bid an emotional farewell to each other.'] ["The story is very similar to Akira Kurosawa's influential Rashomon, though in an interview Bertolucci denied having seen that film at the time. The film begins with the brutal image of a prostitute's corpse on the bank of the Tiber in Rome. We then see a series of interrogations of suspects by the police, all of whom are known to have been in a nearby park at the time of the murder. Each suspect recounts his activities during the day and evening, and each narrative serves as a slice of life story. A young man tells the police that he was meeting with priests in order to get a job recommendation, though we see that he and his friends spent the time trying to rob lovers in the park. A gigolo treats both his girlfriends badly. A soldier fails in his attempts at picking up a number of women and falls asleep on a park bench. Two teenage boys share a pleasant afternoon in the company of two teenage girls but end up stealing from a homosexual man in the park. The final flashback depicts the prostitute's murder by a man in clogs who had been interrogated previously and who is finally apprehended at a dance. Each narrative is interrupted by a sudden thunderstorm, which in each case leads to an interlude at the prostitute's apartment as she prepares for her evening."] ['When Anila  receives a letter from a man, who claims to be her long lost uncle, her husband Sudhindra  is suspicious. The man claiming to be Manomohan Mitra  appears and stays with the family, stating that he is an anthropologist<ref nameSatyajit Ray|author2Satyajit Ray: Interviews|urlfQYs4X5d9WAC&pg15 July 2012|dateUniv. Press of Mississippi|isbn210–}} who has traveled all over the world. Anila, who initially believes the visitor, is slowly led to believe that he has come to claim his share of property by claiming to be her uncle. Only her son, who has befriended the man claiming to be Manomohan, believes that the visitor is truly Anila\'s uncle. The central conflict of the film rests upon the identity of this man and the family\'s struggle to accept or reject it. Sudhindra subjects the visitor to various tests in an effort to resolve this conflict. In a final attempt to unravel the truth, he invites a lawyer friend of his to gently question the guest. But, matter\'s turn ugly as the lawyer\'s anger builds up until finally he orders the guest to "either come clean or get out." The next morning, the visitor is nowhere to be found. Desperate to find him the family finally learns that he is in fact Manmohan Mitra and locates him in a remote tribal village. The couple apologises to Manmohan, and persuades him to come back with them to Calcutta. In the end, Manmohan hands his niece a piece of paper, which turns out to be the claim to his share of property.'] ["Lionel, a widower who drives RER trains in metropolitan Paris, has raised his daughter Josephine alone for many years. They have always shared a special bond and live a secure and contented life somewhat isolated from others, in an apartment building in a suburb of Paris. Josephine, an anthropology student, is now grown and become a young woman, but she remains deeply devoted to her father. They have developed a loose family with other residents of the building: Gabrielle, a cab driver and another neighbor, who once had a love affair with Lionel; and Noé, a moody young man who lives with his cat and has feelings for Josephine. Noé leads a disorganized life and goes abroad often. Gabrielle appears to have feelings for Lionel and motherly feelings towards Josephine. Both father and daughter are ambivalent toward more than a casual friendship with anyone outside their special relationship. While attending the retirement party for a colleague and friend, Lionel declines to try the customary feat of downing 35 shots of rum. His colleague appears to be lost without his job, and Lionel realizes that time is moving on. He  must find meaning and security in things other than his present life, lest he end up the same way. During an outing with Gabrielle and Noé, their car breaks down and the four friends take refuge in a closed bar. Noé shows his feelings for Josephine, and Lionel realizes that she must eventually leave him. He knows that she needs to live her own life independent of him. When Lionel's former colleague commits [[suicide] on the RER tracks, Lionel has to stop his train when he comes across the body. In the end, Josephine weds a nervous but happy Noé. At the party, Lionel successfully downs 35 shots of rum in celebration of the occasion. It is not clear whether he does so in joy or in sadness. He returns home to live alone."] ['The film is set in mid-to-late 1980s in the Indian state of Punjab, which has been wracked by a violent insurgency in the aftermath of Operation Bluestar, the assassination of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi and the subsequent 1984 Anti-Sikh riots. The story is relayed by a series of flashbacks. Jaswant Singh Randhawa  and his sister Veerendar "Veeran" ([[Tabu  live with their elderly mother Biji in a Punjab village. Kripal Singh  is Jaswant\'s childhood friend and Veeran\'s fiance, and lives close by with his grandfather. Their peaceful lives are interrupted by police led by Assistant Commissioner of Police Khurana and Inspector Vohra, who were searching for a Jimmy, who allegedly attempted to murder Kedar Nath, a member of the Indian Parliament. Jaswant mockingly leads the police to his dog, who was named Jimmy. Angered by his insolence, Khurana and Vohra take Jaswant for questioning, but he fails to return for days. Kripal struggles to locate Jaswant, visiting various police stations in the area, while taking care of Jaswant\'s family. When Jaswant finally returns after 15 days, he has been badly beaten up by police, which enrages Kripal. Unable to obtain help by any legal means to fight police brutality, Kripal sets off to locate his cousin Jeetay, who had ties with militant groups. Unable to locate Jeetay, Kripal instead encounters a man named Sanathan , who he observes planting a time bomb on a bus. Running into him again at a dhabha, Kripal asks a wary Sanathan to listen to him for maybe he could help him. Sanathan agrees to let Kripal travel with him on his truck, being driven by the "Commander"  and carrying sacks of native-made bombs and two militants. Upon arriving at their hideout, Kripal explains his predicament and finds out that Jeetay was killed by the Commander himself for being a police informer. Fully aware of Kripal Singh\'s background, family and his predicament, the Commander rebukes Kripal for coming to them as if they were professional killers, and tells him to go kill Khurana himself, but that the group would protect him. Kripal slowly earns the respect of the rest of the group and Sanathan, who explains that he is not fighting for a nationalist or religious cause, but for his basic civil rights and self-respect. Sanathan says that he is fighting against a system that victimizes innocents and devalues ordinary people. It is later learned that Sanathan is a survivor of the communal violence that occurred with the Partition of India in 1947, and lost most of his family in the 1984 anti-Sikh riots. Sanathan claims that it is the ruling class that is trying to divide society by religion for political gain. Kripal Singh trains with the group and plots the killing of Khurana. After a year, he assassinates Khurana in a busy marketplace. Before going into hiding, he visits Jaswant and Veeran for a final time, both of whom are horrified at his deed. When Kripal returns to their hideout, he finds it empty. After a while of staying in hiding, he is contacted by a member of the group and is taken by the Commander to the group\'s new hiding place in the state of Himachal Pradesh. The Commander informs Kripal that he is known to the police, who had taken Jaswant in for questioning again. Kripal slowly begins to realize that there is no return to a normal life, and finds solace in the comradeship of the rest of the unit, which is now preparing for a new mission and awaiting the arrival of a missile firing specialist. When thinking of applying for a local job, Kripal is warned by Sanathan that he is now a big-time terrorist in the eyes of the media and a means of promotion for police officers. One of the group, Kuldip, narrowly escapes a confrontation with the police, sustaining injuries. Terrified by the experience, he pleads to Sanathan to let him go home, promising to emigrate to Canada. Sanathan reluctantly agrees, and while the rest of the unit believes Kuldip is heading home, a bomb planted in his backpack explodes and kills Kuldip on his way home. Meanwhile, Kripal learns that one of his comrades, Jaimal Singh, is none other than the Jimmy the police had been looking for. Soon afterwards, the missile shooter arrives, and Sanathan introduces Veerendar. Kripal is shocked to find that Veerendar is none other than his fiancee, Veeran. After they finally speak together alone, Kripal is horrified to learn that Jaswant, taken in for questioning after Khurana\'s murder, was beaten viciously and driven to commit suicide in the jail. Biji died soon after learning of these tragedies, leaving Veeran alone. After receiving daily visits from Inspector Vohra, Veeran decided to follow in Kripal\'s footsteps and try to reunite with him. Kripal and Veeran begin to grow close again. Veeran is a welcome addition to the household, bringing the simple joys of normal life to the band of outlaws, and developing a close friendship with the others, especially Sanathan and Waziren. The mission is revealed to be a plot to assassinate the MP Kedar Nath, who had survived Jimmy\'s assassination attempt, as he arrived for a visit to a local Sikh shrine. During their stay together, Kripal and Veeran decide to get married quietly, but Veeran quietly steals the cyanide pill from Kripal that each of the group members has and is supposed to use if ever caught by police. While visiting the Sikh shrine to begin reconnaissance, Kripal spots Inspector Vohra, who has been put in charge of security for Kedar Nath\'s visit. Kripal tracks Vohra to house where he is staying, but while attempting to kill him, is caught by Vohra and arrested by police. Meanwhile, one of the group has spotted Kripal entering Vohra\'s residence. Arguing that if Kripal had been loyal he would have taken the cyanide pill to kill himself, Sanathan concludes that Kripal was a police informer. Sanathan also accuses Veeran of helping Kripal, and orders her into house arrest. On the day of the mission, Sanathan orders the group to move, and tells Waziren, who is guarding Veeran to kill her. However, Veeran breaks free and kills Waziren. In the meantime, Jaimal and Sanathan execute the plot. While Jaimal is killed while stopping Kedar Nath\'s motorcade on a bridge, Sanathan fires the missile to blow up Kedar Nath\'s car. On the run, Sanathan finds himself being tracked closely, but by Veeran and not the police. Veeran kills Sanathan as well, and escapes. The film concludes with Veeran, who has not been exposed as a member of the group, visiting Kripal in prison. Here she gives Kripal his cyanide pill, and later takes her own.'] ["The story revolves around Kaushik  and Kaberi , a happy couple until a car accident takes away Mita, Kaushik’s mistress, and leaves Kaushik injured and grieving. Mita, the mother of a little boy and living with her husband, was Kaushik’s colleague. This revelation leaves Kaberi shattered. Kaushik successfully moves on with life leaving Mita behind and tries his best to repair the severely wounded relationship with his wife. Another couple in the film, Brinda  and Bobby , are also engaged in an extramarital relation. While Bobby is a bachelor, Brinda, quite older than Bobby, is unhappily married. They and Kaberi do group theatre together. Brinda-Bobby comes to a crossroads when Brinda becomes pregnant and Bobby is not sure whether the child is his or Brinda’s husband’s. However, he does not turn back and stands by Brinda in sorting out her issues. Kaberi often threatens divorce but ultimately is overpowered by the wife in her and cannot resist fulfilling her duties towards her husband at the time of crisis.On the other hand, Kaushik is also caught in his own predicament. The physical and mental trauma caused by the accident are portrayed with great skill and subtlety by Prosenjit. He has to not only come to terms with the loss of a loved one but is faced with the daunting task of winning back his wife's trust."] ["A ruthless Neapolitan land developer and elected city councilman, Edoardo Nottola , manages to use political power to make personal profit in a large scale suburban real estate deal. However, after the collapse of a residential building, the Communist councilman Da Vita initiates an inquiry on Nottola's possible connection to the accident."] ["Based on a short story by Mohit Ray, Ekjon Jhumur  is the story of Jhumur,a self-respectful, independent-minded young lady of today in her late twenties. Her consciousness of life, morality and her own entity are intermingled with theater. The undaunted spirit places her above the nitty-gritty of daily life. She seeks emancipation through her medium of self-expression - the theater. Jhumur’s family included her mother, younger brother Chhorda , wife of her elder brother who are sympathetic with her sense of emancipation and also share with her joys and ambitions. Jhumur is professionally attached with a theater group named Nanarup. She also acts in another group in her locality in which Rajat  is the director. Apart from her professional attachment, Jhumur’s only refuge is her close proximity with Rajat, a theater director - already married and father of a daughter. From closeness to love or something beyond… Her love for life, theater, and Rajat become inseparable in such a way, she could not resist.. Rajat also seeks comfort in Jhumur's companion. The patriarchal society seems not to be tolerant with her sense of emancipation. It tries to delimit her within the conventional notion of womanhood. The inhabitants of the locality detest Jhumur's affinity with Rajat. The elders in the vicinity like Bhattacherjee or Mallickbabu are jealous about her. The youngers including local ruffians - Jaga, Patla and Buro use to tease her and even try to demean her publicly. Everyone is eager to snatch her freedom, she enjoys by engaging herself with theatre. They want to shatter her relationship with Rajat and teach a lesson. Incidentally, Rajat has to take the responsibility of directing a drama to be played in the annual function of the local club. Jhumur is in the role of a female lead. The local ruffians are also involved in collecting donations for the annual function, which Jhumur and Rajat detest. Everyone thinks - something has to be done. In the pretext of rehearsal, the ruffians took Jhumur to a wrong destination and raped her. Jhumur falls prey to the crime of the rapists. But who are the culprits? Is it the ruffians who committed the crime or the patriarchal society, who is the abater? The film seeks the question. There remains only one woman’s fight against conventional society. A fight - Jhumur’s own. Her armour - her challenge - the theater. ----"] ['Candela, who is loved by Carmelo, marries José in a pre-arranged marriage decided by their respective fathers. José is in love with the flirtatious Lucía and dies defending her honor. Carmelo is mistakenly arrested for the killing, and spends several years in prison. After being released, he declares his love for Candela. Although Candela is now "free" to marry Carmelo she is haunted  by the ghost of José, who reappears every night to dance with her. Candela, while speaking with Lucía, learns that José pursued her even after he married Candela. She renounces him, but is unable to shake his hold on her. Tía Rosario provides the solution - Lucia must dance with José, an act which will exorcise his ghost forever.'] ['Pierre  lives with his mother Marie  in a castle in Normandy by the riverside of the Seine. They are very beautiful, rich, carefree and they like themselves. Every morning, Pierre leaves on the inherited bike of his father to visit Lucie , his fiance. One night, Marie announces to Pierre that she arranged the date for his marriage to Lucie. Pierre leaves to announce the good news to his fiance. On the way, in the forest, a funereal beauty appears . She speaks with a strong accent from the countries of the East: "Pierre... you are not the only child, I am your sister, Isabelle." A passionate incestuous relationship will ensue.'] ['The film is a satirical and comical look at the seven-year itch between a husband  and wife  and how their life turns topsy-turvy with the entry of what seems to be an ordinary pair of antique sunglasses.'] ['During the opening credits, Bergman can be overheard giving instructions to and discussing with his staff while preparing a shot. The film is framed through the account of Alma , who addresses the audience directly while sitting at a picnic table. She tells of her husband\'s disappearance, which is explored in a flashback constructed of his diaries and her words. Johan Borg  is a painter who is regularly approached by odd and suspicious people. He confides to his young, pregnant wife Alma  that he believes them to be demons, and that his insomnia is growing worse. On the nights when Johan can\'t sleep, Alma stays awake by his side through the nights, especially during the "vargtimmen" , during which, Johan says, most births and deaths occur. Johan begins to give names to the figures who approach him, including the Bird-Man, the Insects, the Meat-Eaters, the Schoolmaster , and The Lady With a Hat. In one scene, he recounts to his wife meeting a small boy tanning himself on a rock. As the boy approached Johan, he violently smashed the child\'s face against a stone before tossing him into the ocean to drown. Alma reacts to the story with shock. The couple are approached by a baron von Merkens , who lives in a nearby castle. The painter and his wife visit them and their surreal household. In a later encounter with only Johan in attendance, Johan\'s ex-girlfriend Veronica lies waiting on a table. A man dresses Johan in make-up and women\'s clothing in preparation for a sexual encounter with her only for the baron\'s guests to laugh and mock him as they meet. Johan panics, and flees into underbrush. In the last act of the film, Alma searches the forest for her husband, only to find his mangled body. In the final moments, she addresses the camera, "Is it true that a woman who lives a long time with a man eventually winds up being like that man? I mean, she loves him, and tries to think like him, and see like him? They say it can change a person. I mean to say, if I had loved him much less, and not bothered so of everything about him, could I have protected him better?"'] ["The film consists of five long takes set by the ocean. As in a typical Ozu film, the camera never moves, zooms or pans. There is no dialogue or, except for one shot, people at all. * First shot: A close-up of a section of beach. * Second shot: A seaside boardwalk, with people walking past. * Third shot: The same beach, taken from above. * Fourth shot: A short interlude, with ducks. * Fifth shot: A black screen that is revealed to be water at night when the moon's reflection appears."] ["In post-independent India a teacher, Violet Stoneham , lives a quiet and uneventful life at 36 Chowringhee Lane(the film was shot in almost a namesake address of 26. Chowringee Road with a beautiful view of the Indian Museum and the Maidan along with its landmarks like the Eden Gardens, The High Court, Governor House, The Shahid Minaar and the Fort William in Calcutta, now Kolkata. Alone after the marriage of her niece, her only joy in life is teaching Shakespeare despite the lack of interest from her students. When a former student, Nandita pays a visit with her author-boyfriend Samaresh, Violet is delighted, particularly when Samaresh decides that he would like to work on a novel in her apartment. She doesn't realize that Samaresh and Nandita merely want to use her apartment for their tête-à-têtes while she is away at work. Over time, she grows very fond of them, and begins to look upon them as her friends. Her old friends die or go away, she isn't appreciated at her job, and they are the only friends she has - the only people who can make her laugh. Eventually Samaresh and Nandita get married, and move on with their lives. Violet wants to meet them on Christmas Day, and bake them a cake. They have a party organized at home, however, and think she would be 'a fish out of water' if invited. So they lie about not being in town during Christmas. Violet comes over, any way, to drop off the cake on Christmas Day, and finally sees that she has been deceived by them. She walks home to her lonely life, slowly."] ['The film depicts the mutually exploitative relationship that exists between the U.S. military and the lower elements of Japanese society at Yokosuka.'] ['Vibrant Chand  is a young bride leaving her home in Ludhiana,Punjab India, for Brampton, Ontario, where her husband Rocky  and his very traditional family await her arrival. Everything is new and unfamiliar to Chand including the quiet and shy Rocky who she meets for the first time at the Arrivals level of Pearson Airport. Chand approaches her new life and land with equanimity and grace, and at times the wide-eyed optimism of hope—her first snowfall is a tiny miracle of beauty, and the roar of Niagara Falls creates the excitement of new beginnings. But soon optimism turns to isolation as the family she has inherited struggles beneath the weight of unspoken words, their collective frustration becoming palpable. No one feels the pressure more than Rocky, weighed down by familial obligations. A controlling mother who can’t let him go, a sweet but ineffectual father, and a sister whose two children and unemployed husband are also a burden. All live with Rocky and Chand in a two-bedroom house in the suburbs of Toronto. To make matters worse, Rocky is expected to find the money to bring his extended family to Canada. Unable to express his anger, he finds other ways to release it and it’s Chand who bears the brunt of his repressed rage. Trapped in a world she cannot comprehend and unable to please her husband, Chand is desperate. Hope comes in the form of Rosa , a tough and savvy Jamaican woman who works alongside Chand in a factory where immigrant women from all over the world clean and press dirty hotel laundry. Rosa sees past the make-up that covers Chand’s bruised face. Realizing Chand has nowhere to turn, Rosa gives her a magical root advising her “to put it in whatever the bastard drinks.” The root is supposed to seduce the one who takes it, making them fall hopelessly in love with the person who gives it to them. Chand’s attempts with the magic root lead to surreal incidents and her life gradually begins to mirror an Indian fable involving a King Cobra. As the lines between fantasy and reality converge, Chand and Rocky come face to face with each other and themselves. Eventually, Chand comprehends all the surreal episodes in her life and upon separation from her husband decides to go back to India.'] ['Giovanni Pontano , a distinguished and successful writer, and his beautiful wife Lidia  visit their dying friend Tommaso Garani  in a hospital in Milan. Giovanni\'s new book, La stagione , has just been published and Tommaso praises his friend\'s work. They drink champagne together, but Tommaso is unable to hide his severe pain. Shaken by the sight of her dying friend, Lidia leaves, saying she\'ll visit again tomorrow. Giovanni stays behind a while longer. As he leaves his friend\'s room, a sick and uninhibited young woman attempts to seduce Giovanni before being interrupted by the nurses. Outside the hospital Giovanni sees his wife crying but does not comfort her. As they drive off he tells her about his "unpleasant" encounter with the sick woman, and is surprised when Lidia dismisses the incident. They drive to a party celebrating Giovanni\'s new book, which has been well received. Giovanni signs books while his wife looks on from a distance. After awhile Lidia leaves, still shaken by Tommaso\'s dire condition. She wanders the streets of Milan, ending up in the neighborhood where she and Giovanni lived as newlyweds. She comes across a brutal street fight which she tries to stop, and later she watches rockets being set off in a field. Back at the apartment Giovanni finally hears from Lidia and he picks her up from the old neighborhood which seems to have little sentimental value for him. Later they decide to go to a nightclub where they watch a mesmerising and seductive performance by a female dancer, and engage in small talk. "I no longer have inspirations, only recollections," Giovanni tells his wife. Lidia suggests that they leave the club and attend a swanky party thrown by a millionaire businessman. "One must do something," she says. At the party, Giovanni socialises with the guests and appears to be in his element, while Lidia walks around in a state of boredom. They spend some time with the host, Mr. Gherardini , who seems disappointed by his wealth. They exchange insincere flattery. Giovanni wanders off and meets Valentina Gherardini , the lively, charming daughter of the host. As they flirt, she teaches him a game she just invented involving sliding a compact across the floor, and soon others gather to watch their competition. Later they see each alone and Giovanni makes a pass at her, kissing her while Lidia looks on from the floor above. Later Mr. Gherardini meets privately with Giovanni and offers him an executive position with his company to write the history of his company. Giovanni is reluctant to accept, but leaves the offer open. With Lidia\'s family\'s wealth and his own earnings from publishing, he doesn\'t need the money. Meanwhile Lidia calls the hospital and learns that their friend Tommaso died ten minutes earlier. Overwelmed with grief, she watches from a window the guests enjoying themselves. Later she sits at a table alone opposite an empty chair. Giovanni walks over and does not sit down, and Lidia does not tell him about Tommaso\'s death. Giovanni sees Valentina and follows after her, leaving Lidia alone. Lidia walks to the band and appears to enjoy the music. A man named Roberto  who had been following her approaches and asks her to dance, and she accepts. A sudden rain shower, however, sends the guests running for cover, with some jumping in the pool like children. As Lidia is about to jump in from the diving board, Roberto stops her, takes her to his car, and they drive off together. She enjoys Roberto\'s company and their conversation, but as he\'s about to kiss her, Lidia turns away from him, saying, "I\'m sorry, I can\'t." Back at the party Giovanni searches through the crowd and finds Valentina alone watching the rain. She tells him she\'s smart enough not to break up a marriage, and instructs him to spend the rest of the evening with his wife. Giovanni reveals that he\'s going through a "crisis" common among writers, but in his case it is affecting his whole life. They return to the guests, just as Lidia and Roberto return from their drive. Giovanni seems slightly annoyed by Lidia\'s behavior. Valentina invites Lidia to dry off in her room, where Lidia confronts her directly about her husband. As the women chat, Giovanni overhears his wife tell Valentina that she feels like dying and putting an end to the agony of her life. Noticing Giovanni she tells him that she is not a bit jealous of his playing around with Valentina. They say goodbye to Valentina and leave the party at morning\'s first light with the jazz band still playing for the few couples still listening. As Giovanni and Lidia walk away across Gherardini\'s private golf course, they talk about the job offer that Giovanni says he\'ll turn down. Lidia finally tells him about Tommaso\'s death, and recounts how Tommaso used to support her and offer his affections to her, but she eventually chose Giovanni because she loved him. She tells him, "I feel like dying because I no longer love you." Giovanni recognizes the failure of their marriage, but tells her, "Let\'s try to hold onto something we\'re sure of. I love you. I\'m sure I\'m still in love with you." Lidia takes out a love letter Giovanni wrote to her just before they were married and reads it aloud. Giovanni asks who wrote it, and she says, "You did." Giovanni embraces and kisses her, but she resists saying she no longer loves him, and neither does he love her. Unable to acknowledge his own failure, Giovanni continues to make love to her in a sandtrap on a golf course beneath a gray morning sky.'] ['The film opens at a party where Anant Welankar , a police officer, meets Jyotsna Gokhale , a lecturer in literature at a local college. Anant is a sub-inspector with Bombay police. They seem to hit it off despite some initial skirmishing about ideology, and the friendship blossoms into a relationship. Anant brings diligence, enthusiasm and a definite idealism to his job. But the job is harsh. There is a deep nexus between the local mafia, the cops and the  politicians. Honest himself, Anant falls among the lower rungs of the police hierarchy and has very limited scope of authority on the state of affairs in his area. When Anant arrests three common thugs, he is asked to meet with their boss, Rama Shetty , a don in the local mafia. Anant refuses all of Rama Shetty\'s attempts to get his men out or to entice Anant to join him. Shetty decides to watch over Anant. Some time thereafter, a meek fellow from a local slum lodges a complaint about some ruffians who harass his wife. Anant finds them, locks them up, and administers a severe beating. As a fallout, the local MLA asks for Anant to be suspended. Anant\'s boss, inspector Haider Ali, explains to a mystified Anant that the ruffians were the MLA\'s henchmen, providers of muscle during elections and political rallies. Anant is defiant with a clear conscience  and ready to face a tribunal. Haider Ali explains that it will hardly get that far. Tribunals are either delayed indefinitely or are rigged , and suspension during that time is a permanent black mark on one\'s record . Anant is initially baffled but goes along with Haider\'s plan to bring in Desai, a mediator or middle-man {see Satyajit Ray movie of same name} with connections in New Delhi, the "Centre" or national seat of power. Desai invokes higher powers to quietly cover up the matter. Anant\'s morals are shaken by this incident: He had to use means barely legal to uphold his righteous actions upon criminals. Anant reflects upon his childhood. His father  retired as a Faujdar  in the village police force. His father was a hard and violent man, quick to slap or beat his wife on the slightest pretext. Anant recalls looking on and being powerless to intervene. When Anant graduates college, he expresses his desire to pursue higher education but is forced into joining the police force. Things get interesting when Anant finds one of Rama Shetty\'s goons, badly beaten, burnt and left to die. Anant brings the man into the hospital and takes his statement where he names Rama Shetty and others who inflicted this assault. Anant storms into Rama Shetty\'s rooms to arrest him. But Shetty is unfazed. He makes a simple phone call to a high ranking cop who immediately asks Anant to back off. Anant cites the context and the overwhelming evidence but is still ordered to step away. A consternated, resentful and hapless Anant leaves, feeling intensely humiliated. Haider Ali explains yet again: Rama Shetty plans to run for city council in the upcoming municipal elections and simply cannot afford to let a petty matter distract his ambitions. Anant is horrified and enraged, and takes to drinking. His relationship with Jyotsna suffers. He is distraught when he is sent to provide security cover for Rama Shetty\'s campaign rallies. He suffers another career setback when he leads an assault team to capture a dangerous daku  in the hills outside Mumbai, and the credit for the arrest is ultimately handed to another officer. His relationship deteriorates further and he takes to drinking fairly heavily. When Jyotsna confronts him, he confides in her. He has always tried to do the right thing, but his well-intentioned actions always seem to be thwarted by the tentacles of corruption in the police force or the political strata. In the alcoholic trans a prisoner is killed by Anant in the jail when he uses \'third degree\' and now Anant is not only likely to be arrested and jailed, but also has to lose his entire career. Finally he surrenders to Rama Shetty for political protection. Now, in the clutches of Rama Shetty, Anant has to obey his every order and humiliation. The dirty conditions put by Rama Shetty angers Anant and he kills Rama Shetty and then surrenders voluntarily to the Police for any punishment. Jyotsna tries to be supportive and suggests he consider another career.  According to film expert Rajesh Subramanian, Amitabh Bachchan was first offered the lead role. The superstar, due to tight schedule, declined it. Om Puri was cast as Anant Welankar and it went on become a career defining role.'] ["One evening, in the midst of torrential rains, a professor  goes out for a walk and fails to return. As the evening stretches into days and the days into weeks with no sign of him, the member of his family struggle both to regain their footing and to understand what might have caused him to leave. Slowly they return to their quotidian activities. The professor's son Amit  establishes his fledgling business; his younger daughter Sima  resumes her studies at college; and his elder daughter, Neeta , the backbone of the family, returns to her office job. Behind the facade of normalcy, though, the family is deeply wounded. Amit enjoys success in his business but is bitter and dour. Neeta has a very patient and supportive boyfriend  but the relationship is stuck in a holding pattern. And their mother  suffers debilitating depression. Their hesitant attempts to piece together the Professor's state of mind before his disappearance raise more questions than they answer: Was he having an affair with a former student ? Was his academic career crumbling? Was he a plagiarist? Ek din Achanak"] ['Following the death of Manu  in a car accident, the film relates the interwoven stories of several people who become indirectly connected by the events and aftermath of the crash.'] ['The film opens depicting a scene in July 1914 immediately prior to the cruise ship Gloria N. setting sail from Naples Harbor. The opening sequence is in sepia tones, as if it were a film shot in that era, with no sound other than the whirring of the projector. Gradually the sepia fades into full colour and we can hear the characters’ dialogue. Orlando, an Italian journalist, supplies commentary by directly addressing the camera, explaining to the viewer that the cruise is a funeral voyage to disperse the ashes of opera singer Edmea Tetua near the island of Erimo, her birthplace. Considered the greatest singer of all time, Tetua is celebrated for her goddess-like voice. The bumbling but lovable journalist also provides highly subjective anecdotes and gossip on the wide array of cartoon characters that evoke the golden age of the "funny papers"  but with a perverse Felliniesque twist. These include more opera singers, voice teachers, orchestra directors, theatre producers, actors, prime ministers, counts, princesses, Grand Dukes, and panic-stricken fans of the deceased diva. A jealous and bitter soprano named Ildebranda desperately tries to penetrate the secret behind Edmea Tetua’s unforgettable voice. A bristle-haired Russian basso is shown around the ship’s vast mess hall where, using only his voice, he hypnotizes a chicken. A curly-cued actor travels with his mother in order to seduce sailors. Sir Reginald Dongby, a voyeuristic English aristocrat, relishes spying on Lady Violet, his nymphomaniac wife. The Grand Duke of Harzock, a Prussian, is an obese bubble of a young man whose blind sister  schemes with her lover, the prime minister, to disinherit her brother. The brooding Count of Bassano closets himself in his cabin transformed into a temple dedicated to the diva’s memory. An awful stench rises from the ship’s hold and soon it’s revealed that a love-sick rhinoceros has been neglected by the ship’s crew. The beast is pulled up, washed on deck, and returned to the hold with fresh water and hay. On the third day of the voyage, the passengers discover a crowd of shipwrecked Serbians camped on the deck of the ship. Fleeing in rafts towards Italy after the assassination at Sarajevo, the refugees were brought on board the previous night by the captain. The Grand Duke and his men, however, are convinced the Serbians are terrorists and order the captain to isolate the group to a corner of the ship. The upshot is Fellini’s barely disguised take on the Marx Brothers\'s A Night at the Opera in a heady mix of cultures, both ethnic and artistic, where aristocrats and snobs joyfully share the stage  with peasants and vibrant Serbian folklore. But the revels end when the menacing flagship of the Austro-Hungarian fleet sails into view, demanding the return of the Serbian refugees. The captain agrees on condition that Edmea Tetua’s ashes be dispersed at Erimo beforehand. After the ceremony, the refugees are loaded into a lifeboat for delivery to the Austrians but a young Serbian hurls a bomb at the flagship, causing pandemonium. The Austrians respond by cannon-fire. The Gloria N. sinks while Albertini wields his baton, aristocrats march to the lifeboats, a grand piano slides across the floor smashing mirrors, and butterflies twitter serenely above the melee of suitcases in flooded corridors. In a reverse tracking shot, Fellini reveals the stupendous behind-the-scenes of his floating opera of a movie - giant hydraulic jacks  that created the ship’s rolling sea movements, along with acres of plastic ocean, an army of technicians burning naphthalene for the smoke of disaster effect, and, finally, an enigmatic figure that may be Orlando or Fellini intentionally hiding behind his own camera filming the main camera filming himself. The main camera then tracks forward to a final shot of Orlando in a lifeboat with the rhinoceros happily munching on hay. “Did you know,” confides Orlando, “that a rhinoceros gives very good milk?” Laughing, he once again mans the oars to disappear on a vast plastic ocean.'] ['Raj Karan Yadav  is a scrappy taxi driver, who somehow scraps a living in the big metropolis of Bombay , driving taxi everyday. He lives in one room tenement with his wife  in Dharavi, one of world’s largest slums, where the film is set. The film follows his fortunes; as he tries to breakout from the clutches of poverty, devising plans and investing all his money in a dubious schemes which eventually blow out on him, coming under the eye of unscrupulous politician and local goons, yet his dreams continue…'] ['The small village of Yelan has lain hidden in the Siberian backwoods since time immemorial, Siberiade revolves around two families, the Solomins and the Ustyuzhanins, who live in Yelan and have been feuding for as long as anyone can remember. The Solomins were relatively wealthy and the Ustyuzhanins poor. The film begins in 1904. Afanasy "Afonya" Ustyuzhanin is an aging man who spends all of his waking hours chopping a corduroy road "anywhere away from Yelan". His young child Nikolai "Kolya" Ustyuzhanin  must fend for himself by stealing from the Solomins. He meets Rodion Klimentov, a revolutionary fugitive who inspires him, who is soon found by the police and taken away. In 1917 Kolya continues to help his father build the road, which has become an epic project stretching many miles. He is in a romantic relationship with hoyden Anastasia "Nastya" Solomin, but a quarrel about the revolution infuriates Nastya, who immediately seeks out Phil Solomin, kisses him, and demands marriage. As the wedding preparations begin, Kolya begs for forgiveness, but Nastya savors the revenge. Kolya fights with the Solomins and is beaten and cast adrift down the river. Later that day Phil seeks out Nastya in a barn and sexually assaults her, but she escapes and joins an unconscious Kolya. Meanwhile Afonya, still chopping, falls asleep, drunk, on an ant nest, and dies alone. In 1932, Kolya returns to Yelan as a charismatic party official with his loyal, revolutionary-minded son Alexei . He informs the Solomins that Nastya, who had left with him, died heroically. In a town hall meeting he gets the village to agree on a plan for tapping the area\'s natural resources. A dispute leads to Kolya arresting Spiridon Solomin, who soon escapes and kills Kolya. Alexei flees. In June 1941 Alexei, a teenager, returns to Yelan and meets Taya, a free-spirited Solomin girl who becomes infatuated with him. A recruiting barge visits the town, announcing the beginning of the Great Patriotic War, and Alexei enlists. The boat pulls away and Taya yells to Alexei that she will wait for him all her life. In the war, Alexei saves an injured officer  and becomes a decorated war hero. The war ends, and Taya continues to wait for Alexei\'s return day after day, which never occurs. Around 1964 Alexei returns to Yelan with an oil drilling crew. His enemy, Spiridon, has returned from prison a bitter and frail man, and Alexei feels only pity. He meets Taya and has a casual affair, but she is also courted by Alexei\'s boss Tofik, causing a rift. Meanwhile, Phil Solomin in Moscow has risen high into the ranks of Soviet leadership, but wrestles with his conscience over the plan for a massive hydroelectric dam project that would flood Yelan. Alexei resigns from the oil drilling operation to leave town, stopping at Taya\'s house to take her with him to the resort city of Sochi, but it becomes clear that they have grown apart. Alexei storms off, and the oil well blows out as he leaves town. The blowout turns into an inferno and Alexei rushes in to save a former coworker, and dies in the process. As Spiridon gloats over the demise of the last Ustyuzhanin, Taya reveals to him that she bears Alexey\'s child. At a party conference in Moscow, a telegram arrives with the news of the oil strike, which vindicates Siberia as a mining center. The officials react with pleasure but give a moment of silence for the passing of Alexei. Phil flies to Yelan to supervise the containment operation, but it becomes clear that the graveyard must be razed to save the town. As the film closes, the ghosts of the Solomins and Ustyuzhanins seemingly appear in the graveyard expressing gratitude and unity.'] ['Dieter, Angela, Kohle and Karl-Heinz are a group of delinquent youths who prowl Schönhauser Allee, in Berlin\'s Prenzlauer Berg. The four, each with his troubled life, are often in trouble with the police. Karl-Heinz steals an identity document and uses it to enter West Berlin, where he murders a man while committing armed robbery. The police suspects that his friends assisted him. When he returns, Kohle and Dieter try to find out what he had done; He threatens them both with a pistol, and Kohle knocks him unconscious. Dieter and he believe they have killed Karl-Heinz, and flee to West Berlin, from where they plan to get to the Federal Republic of Germany. Dieter regrets their escape. He pretends to be sick, so Kohle would leave without him. He drinks a solution of coffee and tobacco to feign illness. On the next day, he discovers "Kohle" dead, after he consumed the remains of the beverage. Dieter returns home, where Angela awaits his child, and explains the situation to the police. He is released, while Karl-Heinz is imprisoned.'] ['Simón, the son of Simeon Stylites, has lived for 6 years, 6 weeks and 6 days atop an eight-meter pillar in the middle of the desert, praying for spiritual purification. A congregation of priests and peasants salute him and offer him a brand new pillar to stand on and carry on his mission. He comes down the pillar and is offered priesthood, but refuses because he considers himself unworthy, and forsakes his aging mother for the love of God before climbing up his new pillar. He heals an amputee missing both hands, whose first use of them is to slap his child. But the congregation quickly departs unimpressed, leaving Simón alone. Time goes by and Simón meets a number of regular characters – a handsome priest whom he condemns on grounds of vanity, a dwarf herder and his mother, who comes to live close to him but remains neglected of attention. A woman , Satan, visits him three times: first as an innocent girl chanting curses in Latin, second disguised as Jesus Christ. She constantly tries to make Simón give up his task and climb down the pillar, but he refuses every time. She even possesses one of the priests that visit him, who is consequently exorcised by the priests. The third time, a coffin trails across the desert and finally stops next to the pillar. It opens up to reveal Satan, clad in a toga, who at last climbs up the pillar and vanishes with Simón for good. In an anachronistic turn, the couple find themselves sitting inside a crowded, jumping 1960s nightclub with a live instrumental rock band on stage. Satan tells Simón that the song the 1960s hipsters are dancing to is called "Radioactive Flesh." Simón protests about wanting to go home, but Satan says he cannot.'] ['Rachida lives and teaches in a popular neighborhood in Argel. Like most of her countrymen, she thinks the conflict which is bleeding out her country does not affect her, until the day she is confronted by a group of terrorists that includes a former student of hers, Sofiane. The group asks her to plant a bomb in her school. When she refuses, the terrorists shoot her in cold blood. She saves her life miraculously and takes refuge in a nearby village.'] ["The plot is set in the 1940s in a village of Travancore, British India. Kaliyappan, the last hangman of Travancore dynasty is dragging his remaining life by consuming alcohol and worshipping the Mother Goddess. The reason for this self-destruction is the remorse born out of the feeling that the last man he hanged was an innocent. While pulling on his life by boozing, worshiping the Goddess and treating people with the ash obtained by burning the hanging rope, one day the King's messenger once again arrive with the Kings order of appointing him for executing a convict termed as 'a killer, proved beyond doubt'. He leaves to the jail with his Gandhian, freedom fighter son to assist him in his job. As a tradition, the hangman has to spend the eve of the execution awake. When alcohol fails to keep Kaliyappan awake, the jailer starts telling a 'spicy tale' to keep him awake, the tale of a 13 year old girl raped and killed by her own brother-in-law and an innocent musician boy convicted for this charge. When Kaliyappan comes to know the condemned person he is about to hang is that very same musician boy, he breaks down. The job of executing the convict is passed on to his assistant, his son. The Gandhian, freedom fighter son completes the job. His motivations are not spelt out, but the choice of title hints that the son perhaps punishes the father by reminding him that any of his prior executions may have been a farce just like this one. Just like the witch hunter's wife in Mahabharata, the son's sense of punishment completely ignores the innocent victim who would be executed. We are reminded that what we think of something as just may not always be so."] ["Franz Woyzeck, a lowly soldier stationed in a provincial German town, is the father of an illegitimate child by his mistress Marie. Woyzeck earns extra money for his family by performing menial jobs for the Captain and agreeing to take part in medical experiments conducted by the Doctor. As one of these experiments, the Doctor tells Woyzeck he must eat nothing but peas. It is obvious that Woyzeck's mental health is breaking down and he begins to experience a series of apocalyptic visions. Meanwhile, Marie grows tired of Woyzeck and turns her attentions to a handsome drum major, who in an ambiguous scene taking place in Marie's bedroom, arguably rapes her. With his jealous suspicions growing, Woyzeck confronts the drum major, who beats him up and humiliates him. Finally, Woyzeck stabs Marie to death by a pond. Woyzeck disposes of the knife in the pond, and while trying to wash the blood off, he hallucinates that he is swimming in blood and dies."] ["The film begins with Apu's family getting settled in an apartment close to a ghat in Benares. Here Apu  makes new friends. While his mother Sarbajaya  stays at home, his father Harihar  works as a priest. On a Diwali day, Harihar develops a fever and rests, as Apu comforts him. The next day, he leaves for his work as usual towards the ghat, ignoring his wife's advice to rest. While coming back to home, he collapses on the stairs of the ghat, and dies soon afterwards.  In Harihar's absence, it becomes Sarbajaya's responsibility to earn money for the family. She starts working as a maid. A relative invites them to return to their ancestral village in Dewanpur . They settle in a village called Mansapota. Apu asks his mother to send him to a school. Apu studies diligently and receives a scholarship to go to Calcutta . Sarbajaya does not want to let her son leave. She gives in and helps him prepare to leave. Apu  starts working at a printing press after school. Sarbajaya expects visits from him, but Apu manages to visit only a few times and feels out of place in Mansapota. Sarbajaya becomes seriously ill, but does not disclose her illness to Apu. One day while waiting for him, she hears his voice at the doorstep and goes to see him, but finds only the noise of monkeys in the trees and a pond of fireflies as she begins fainting. When Apu finally comes to know about her poor health, he leaves for the village and finds that she has already died. A relative requests him to stay back there and to work as a priest. Apu rejects the idea. He returns to Calcutta and performs the last rites for his mother there."] ['A Danish officer, Michael , is sent to the International Security Assistance Force operation in Afghanistan for three months. His first mission there is to find a young radar technician who had been separated from his squad some days earlier. While on the search, his helicopter is shot down and he is taken as a prisoner of war, but is reported dead to the family. His wife Sarah  and younger brother Jannik  both deeply mourn him, and that brings them closer together. They kiss once, but pass it off as the grief and do not pursue the relationship. Meanwhile, both the officer and a young technician are locked up in a warehouse, kept without food or water. After Michael shows them how to arm and disarm an anti-aircraft missile, his captors decide the technician is no longer useful and have Michael bludgeon him to death with a lead pipe in order to save his own life. Eventually he is rescued and brought back to Denmark. The guilt of what he did forces him to lie and provide false hope that the technician may still be alive. Michael becomes unstable, spiraling down into a pit of guilt and rage, and begins to threaten and abuse his wife and tear the house apart. It finally becomes necessary for the police to intervene. Michael overreacts, pointing a policeman\'s pistol at the officers. With Michael in custody, Jannik helps Sarah to begin the repairs to the house. In the car, Sarah passes a sign reading "Statsfængslet" . Her visit to Michael in prison finally forces him to admit the truth about Afghanistan.'] ['The basic storyline revolves around a young woman, Nirmala  rebelling against her marriage to a much older widower, Kaka saheb , as was the practise in those days.Well ahead of his times The Hindu, 30 November 2001. It was also, one of first film to touch upon the issue of widow remarriage Overview - Kunku/Duniya Na Mane New York TimesBabul shows the way The Tribune, 28 January 2007.Film synopsis'] ['Under the command of Dr. Freedom, crass superhero Mr. Freedom ([[John Abbey  goes to France to stave off the advances of the mysterious French Anti-Freedom  organization. He joins forces with the femme fatale Marie-Madeleine to lead his own anti-communist Freedom organization. The Freedom mission is complicated by the machinations of communist foes&nbsp;&mdash; the Stalinist Moujik Man and the ferocious Maoist Red China Man . France, refusing to see the FAF as a threat, rebuffs Freedom, leading to an escalation of Cold War tactics. In the end, betrayed, Mr. Freedom destroys himself trying to save the "unappreciative" nation.'] ['Grouchy, stubborn, and egotistical Professor Isak Borg is a widowed 78-year-old physician who specialized in bacteriology. Before specializing he served as general practitioner in rural Sweden. He sets out on a long car ride from Stockholm to Lund to be awarded the degree of Doctor Jubilaris 50 years after he received his doctorate from Lund University. He is accompanied by his pregnant daughter-in-law Marianne, who does not much like her father-in-law and is planning to separate from her husband, Evald, Isak\'s only son. During the trip, Isak is forced by nightmares, daydreams, his old age, and his impending death to reevaluate his life. He meets a series of hitchhikers, each of whom set off dreams or reveries into Borg\'s troubled past. The first group consist of two young men and a woman named Sara, who is adored by both men. Sara is a double for Isak\'s love of his youth . The first group remains with him throughout his journey. Next they pick up an embittered middle-aged couple whose vehicle has nearly collided with theirs. The pair exchange such a terrible vitriol and venom that Marianne stops the car and asks them to leave. They remind Isak of his own life and unhappy marriage. He reminisces about his childhood in the seaside, and his sweetheart Sara. He is confronted by his loneliness and aloofness, recognizing these traits in both his ancient mother and in his middle-aged physician son, and he gradually begins to accept himself, his past, his present, and his approaching death.<ref namehttp://www.guardian.co.uk/film/1999/jun/10/1|title10 June 1999|workLondon | firstMalcolm}}{{cite news}} {{Dead link}}{{cite web}} Borg finally arrives at his destination and picks up his prize, which proves an empty ritual. That night, he bids a loving goodbye to his young friends, to whom the once bitter old man whispers in response to a playful declaration of the young girl\'s love, "I\'ll remember." As he goes to his bed in his son\'s home, he is overcome by a sense of peace and dreams of a family picnic by a lake. Closure and affirmation of life have finally come, and Borg\'s face radiates joy.'] ['A man  representing The Fool, a tarot card typically depicting a young man stepping off a cliff, lies on the ground with flies covering his face like excrement. He is befriended by a footless, handless dwarf  and goes into a city to make money from tourists. The thief\'s resemblance to Christ inspires some to use his likeness for the crucifixes that they sell by casting an impression of his face and body. After a dispute with a priest who rejects the thief\'s likeness of himself, the thief eats off the face of his wax statue and sends it skyward with balloons, symbolically eating the body of Christ and offering "himself" up to heaven. Soon after, he notices a crowd gathered around a large tower, where a large hook with a bag of gold has been sent down in exchange for food. The thief, wishing to find the source of the gold, ascends the tower; finding the alchemist  and his silent female assistant. After a confrontation with the alchemist, the thief defecates into a container. The excrement is transformed into gold by the alchemist who proclaims: "You are excrement. You can change yourself into gold." The thief accepts the gold, but when shown himself in a mirror he angrily smashes the mirror with the gold, and the alchemist takes the thief as an apprentice. The thief is introduced to seven people who will accompany him on his journey; they are said to be the most powerful but mortal, like himself. They are related to planets in astrological terms and portrayed with broad-brush satire, each personifying the worst aspects of his or her planet\'s supposed characteristics. The seven consist of: a cosmetics manufacturer , a weapons manufacturer , a millionaire art dealer , a war toy maker , a political financial adviser , a police chief  and an architect . They are gathered together by the alchemist who instructs them to burn their money and wax images of themselves. Together with the Alchemist, the Thief and the Alchemist\'s assistant they form a group of ten. After several scenes wherein the characters are led by the alchemist through several death/rebirth rituals, they carry staffs topped with their planets\' symbols; the alchemist\'s symbol is the Sun, the thief is the Moon, and the alchemist\'s silent assistant is Mercury. They all journey to Lotus Island to gain the secret of immortality from nine immortal masters who live on a holy mountain. Once on Lotus Island they are sidetracked by the "Pantheon Bar", a cemetery party where people have abandoned their quest for the holy mountain and instead engage in drugs, poetry or acts of physical prowess. Leaving the bar behind, they ascend the mountain and each have personal symbolic visions representing each characters worst fears and obsessions. Near the top, the thief is sent back to his "people" along with a young prostitute and an ape who has followed him to the mountain. The rest confront the cloaked immortals who are shown to be only faceless dummies. The alchemist then breaks the fourth wall and reveals the film apparatus just outside the frame  and says "Zoom back camera!", instructing everyone including the audience for the film, to leave the holy mountain. "Real life awaits us," he says, and the movie ends.'] ["The story revolves around a male Kathakali dancer Kunhikuttan , an admirable and respected performer but a member of a lower caste. He struggles to come to terms with the rejection and estrangement of his father, a member of an upper caste who disapproves of his son. Poor, unhappy, and stuck in an arranged marriage that provides no relief, he gets by for the sake of his daughter. One night, whilst performing as Arjuna from the epic Mahabarata on stage, his dance is witnessed by Subhadra , a well educated member of an upper caste family. Defying the norms of India's rigid caste system, they have a son, but it soon becomes clear that Subhadra loves the character Arjuna from his stage performances, and not Kunhikuttan the dancer. More in love with the valiant, noble hero of the Mahabarata, than the dancer Kunhikuttan, she rejects him and refuses to let him see his son. Denied access to his son, and rejected by his father, Kunhikuttan returns to the stage, leaving behind his hero roles to play demonic characters, reaching within the dark corners of his mind, becoming increasingly resentful and full of anger, until one last dance which brings the feature to a stunning end."] ["Two wounded soldiers flee from pursuers on horse in thick reeds which are taller than a man. Suddenly the soldiers are killed by unseen assailants. Two woman appear, take the armour and weapons, and drop the bodies in a hole. The women return to a small hut. The next day they take the armor and weapons to a merchant  and trade them for food. The merchant tells them news of a war. A neighbor named Hachi , who has been at war, returns. The older woman  asks Hachi about her son, who was forced to be a soldier along with Hachi. The son is the husband of the younger woman . Hachi says the son was killed. Hachi helps the two women to kill more soldiers. Hachi seduces the young woman. She sneaks out of her hut every night to have sex with him. The older woman learns of the relationship. She tries to sleep with Hachi, then pleads with him to not take the young woman away since she cannot kill without her help. One night, while Hachi and the young woman are together, a lost samurai in a demon mask  forces the older woman to guide him out of the swamp. She tricks him into plunging to his death in the pit where the women dispose of their victims. She climbs down and steals the samurai's possessions and, with great difficulty, his mask. Under the mask he is disfigured. At night, the older woman dons the mask and frightens the young woman away from Hachi. During a storm, the older woman terrifies the young woman with the mask, but Hachi finds the daughter-in-law and again has sex with her in the grasses as the old woman watches from afar. Hachi returns to his hut. He finds a man in his hut. The man kills Hachi. The older woman discovers that, after getting wet in the rain, the mask is impossible to remove. She reveals her scheming to the young woman and pleads with her to help take off the mask. The young woman agrees to remove the mask after the older woman promises not to interfere with her relationship with Hachi. The young woman breaks off the mask with a hammer. Under the mask, the older woman's face is covered with sores. The young woman thinks the older woman has turned into a demon, and runs from her; the older woman runs after her, crying out that she is a human being, not a demon. The young woman leaps over the pit, and as the older woman leaps after her the film ends."] ['In 1910, pregnant Áurea  along with her mother, Maria  arrive at a remote, desert-like part of the Brazilian state of Maranhão -- called the Lençóis Maranhenses -- where her fanatical husband Vasco de Sá  has relocated the family from the state\'s capital, São Luís, to start a farm. Soon the white settlers realize that they are not alone: a group of descendants of runaway slaves live in the area, in a settlement—generally known as a quilombo -- they call "The Island" because it is the only permanently fertile spot in a sea of sand where it rains only during the rainy season. Due to the madness of Vasco, Maria seeks to bribe the black settlers to take her and her daughter away, but they, while taking her money , do no such thing. However, soon enough Vasco\'s workers abandon the farm. Vasco, enraged over this betrayal, dies when he accidentally buries himself under a heap of construction material for the half-finished house. This leaves the two women with no way of returning to the city. Left to their own devices, the two women venture out to explore the area. They find a fishing hut on the shores of the ocean and notice that Massu , the fisherman, has salt which he regularly obtains from his father who lives in the nearby Island. Massu takes them there, as they seek to follow the salt trail out of the desert. However, Massu\'s father does not know where the salt comes from since he is the grandson of a runaway slave; he already had been born in the sanctuary; he does not know the world beyond the confines of the Island. Yet soon they establish contact with the itinerant trader who brings the salt , but he too does not offer any viable connection back to the civilization Maria and Áurea grew up in. Unable to return for now, Áurea and Maria get settled and with the help of Massu start a small farming operation. About ten years after their arrival, Áurea still longs to return to her former life beyond the seemingly insurmountable dunes, while her mother seems quite content in their new situation since she feels she does not have anything worthwhile to return to. Quietly, Áurea has been purchasing beasts of burden to venture out of the sandy trap. In fact, when the old trader dies, Áurea, following a fresh trail in the sand by herself, sets out to return her family to civilization as she knew it. This civilization she finds in the form of an international scientific expedition that, for the purpose of observing an annular solar eclipse on May 29, 1919, had come to the remote desert to verify claims made by Albert Einstein\'s theory of General Relativity concerning the curvature of space.This expedition, headed by British astronomer Sir Arthur Eddington, is a historical fact. One party observed the eclipse on the island Príncipe, to the west of equatorial Africa\'s coast; another did the same in Brazil. However, the Brazilian location was not Maranhão but rather Sobral, Ceará. Áurea falls in love with Luiz, a young soldier escorting the expedition, whom she also asks to request permission for her and her family to return home with the scientists. The permission is granted, and Áurea hurries back home to bring her mother and daughter to where the expedition is. However, when she returns to her "house of sand," the dunes have further encroached upon her house; she fears that her mother and daughter  are buried under the sand. This turns out not to be the case—the mother had died, the daughter had found refuge with Massu—but precious time is lost: they miss the expedition. However, Luiz had not only told her that he wanted to join the newly established Brazilian Air Force; he had also told her that the scientists would come back in a few months to continue their studies. This is why she and her daughter check back regularly where the expedition had established a geodesic marker since Áurea does not want to stay in the desert mainly because, as she confides to her daughter, she misses "real music," that is, the classical music she played on the piano when she was younger. The expedition returns but Áurea misses it. Massu, who saw it with his son, did not tell her about it. Finally, when Aurea realizes that she had missed her lifeline back to her world, she resigns herself to her fate and links up with Massu. As young Maria grows older, Áurea is troubled by the fact that she, out of boredom, has become a drunk and cheap prostitute for the young men of the Island. Maria does not want to establish a family but instead aborts her pregnancies. Their fate is fundamentally altered when, in 1942 , a Brazilian military plane crashes in the ocean nearby. A search party is sent out that is commanded by Luiz, now a high-ranking officer with the Brazilian Air Force. Luiz, who is married, first sees Maria and is reminded by her of her mother Áurea . Eventually, he meets Áurea in person who begs him to take Maria with him. This he does, promising to look after her, while Áurea contently stays with Massu in the desert. About three decades later, Maria finally returns to the house she grew up in. She finds her gray-haired mother, sitting by herself at their old kitchen table. They happily reunite, and Maria brings deep joy to Áurea when she plays a tape-recording of "real music," Frédéric Chopin\'s Prélude "Raindrops," op. 28, no. 15. Contemplating the moon together, Maria tells her mother that man had landed on the moon . Áurea, remembring a conversation she had with Luiz fifty years earlier concerning Einstein\'s theory of Special Relativity, asks her daughter whether the astronauts, travelling at high speed in a rocket, returned younger than they left. Maria, unlike her seemingly isolated mother not acquainted with the Twin paradox , states that they returned older. When asked what they found on the moon, Maria replies: Nothing but sand.'] ['Elias  is an immigrant in his twenties who tries to get to Europe by a boat along with other illegal immigrants. When the boat is near the Greek shores and they hope they will soon disembark, a marine patrol approaches and Elias jumps into the sea in order to avoid arrest. So do the other people in the boat. He wakes up next morning in a shore with nudists, which is not so bad after all, since he has lost some of his clothes while he was swimming for quite a few hours. He pretends to be a nudist himself, steals some clothes and he pretends he is an employee of the hotel “Eden Club-Paradise”. Some residents consider him to be an employee and some others a client like themselves. He meets a magician  who hires him for a few tricks and since Elias is fairly good, Nick Nickelby, as the magician is called in the movie, tells him “if you find yourself in Paris, come and find me”. Elias considers it an invitation and a great opportunity. Going to Paris becomes an obsession. In the meantime nasty things happen to him: he is raped by the manager of the hotel and in another occasion he is obliged to clean a toilet with his hands because a tenant considers him to be a plumber. He also happens to witness the arrest of a friend of his, an illegal immigrant, who is discovered hiding near the hotel. He also sees the dead bodies of two immigrants who didn’t make it and drowned trying to swim to shore. A middle-aged German woman named Christina  wants him as her lover and offers him refuge in her room. She also gives him money. He leaves the “Eden Club” and tries to travel to Paris by hitch-hiking, without realising how far it is. A man takes advantage of his ignorance and says he will take him to Paris as long as he shares the expenses. Elias wants to prove he can afford it and shows an envelope where he keeps his money. The man steals his money and leaves. A peasant woman passes by with her tractor and takes Elias to her home; there he helps her sell birds and is friendly with her children. Soon after that, he leaves. The other day he continues his hitchhiking and a couple of Greeks with a Mercedes help him, but some time later they disagree concerning his presence, quarrel and abandon him in snowy mountains. A German truck driver stops and picks him up –he also gives him a jacket. Then he finds a job in a factory, but he realises that his employer is not going to keep his promise and take care of the immigration process. Also, when he tries to eat in the same restaurant with the local employees he is pushed back and this racist episode compels him to run away again. He ends up in a village hungry and without proper clothes. He steals a jacket but he is found out and is again on the run while somebody cries “damned gypsies”. Some gypsies think he is a gypsy and they help him picking him up with their truck. They show him the way for Paris laughing at him for his dream. When he leaves he sees two other trucks approaching the encampment and questioning the gypsies where the thief they’ve just helped is hiding. They are friends of the man from whom he had stolen the jacket. They leave after they throw a petrol bomb in one of their trailers. Elias, on the run again, finds himself in a village where he meets a copatriot. This is the only time that his mother language is heard. The other immigrant is disillusioned from the “West” and says he is heading back to his country, because there are no jobs in Paris, he does not have any savings, and life back home seems better. He sleeps in a refuge with other homeless people, who steal his jacket. The next day he is heading for Paris and finds club “Lido”. Finally he finds the magician giving a performance from a beautiful, red Citroen DS cabriolet in the street. He approaches him full of expectations and he thinks the magician recognises him. But when the show ends, the magician leaves. Elias runs after the magicians car and cries “Mister” and when the magicians driver stops, the young immigrant tells him “don’t you recognise me? You once told me that if I found myself in Paris, I should come and see you”. The magician stares at him and says “Aha, so you’ve done both. You came in Paris and you also saw me”. He then gives him a small toy magic wand and leaves. Elias, embarrassed, points the wand awkwardly toward the Eiffel Tower and by chance the lights on the Tower are lit. Thus, he thinks that indeed this is a magic wand. When many police officers appear, he is scared. He points the magic wand at them, but nothing happens. He puts the wand in his pocket and starts walking toward the gleaming Eiffel Tower.'] ['Jalsaghar is a narration of the end days of a zamindar in Bengal. The landlord, Roy , is a just but other-worldly man who loves to spend time listening to music and putting up spectacles rather than managing his fields ravaged by floods and the abolition of zamindari system by the Indian government. He is challenged by a commoner who has attained riches through business dealings, in putting up spectacles and organizing music fests. This is the tale of a zamindar who has nothing left but respect and sacrifices his family and wealth trying to retain it.'] ["The film is tale of intrigue, plots and the inevitable war between the two families. Ramchand and Bhishamchand were two pioneering brothers in business. Bhishamchand, a lifelong bachelor brought up the two sons of Ramchand on his demise. He also gave the family business a firm foundation. Khubchand  the elder son of Ramchand begets two sons, Dhanraj  and Sandeepraj . Puranchand, Khubchand's younger brother had died a few years ago. His three sons are Dharamraj , Balraj  and Bharatraj . Another player in the game is Karan  an orphan brought up by Bhishamchand.A series of events take place that bring the long hidden feud between the two families to light and despite Bhishamchand's efforts to mediate between the two, the situation gets out of hand and events take a tragic turn. Dhanraj's men accidentally kill the young son of Balraj and to take revenge Bharatraj murders Karan. Quite a few skeletons from the family cupboard are brought out in the open that only adds to the tensions and hatred, finally culminating in the destruction of the two families making us ponder on the brittleness of our moral fabric."] ['{{plot}} The story starts out with a group of young men attending school drills under the direction of Mr. Omura . Shinji Okajima  is seen goofing off, misbehaving, and upsetting his teacher. After being disciplined the drills resume and the boys eventually graduate and go out into the working world. Okajima has grown up, now has a family, and works as an insurance salesman. On the day of their annual bonuses the men are all anxious. Okajima\'s son  has his heart set on a bicycle \'like all the other boys\'. Okajima reluctantly promises to try and purchase the bike for his son as well as a gift for his daughter, Miyoko , and something for \'Baby\' . After receiving his bonus , Okajima writes out the list of presents he will buy for his family he notices a worker across from him named Rou-Shain Yamada  is upset and he asks why. Yamada admits he is being let go due to his last two clients dying shortly after signing their policies. Upset for him Okajima gathers the other workers to go \'protest at least once\' to the boss but everyone chickens out and one such worker  challenges Okajima to make the protest himself. Okajima takes the challenge. While in the office the boss is offended at the subject and the two begin a quite comedic fight. By the end of the fight Okajima is fired and bows as he leaves. He returns home with a scooter for his son, who is immediately disappointed and throws a tantrum. His wife Tsuma Sugako  returns from the market and tries to calm the boy while Choujo tells her what happened. Sugako scolds her husband saying he should not lie to children. Okajima sits on the floor trying his best to not be upset. He eventually shows her his discharge notice and she tries to get her son to accept the scooter. Chounan refuses and Okajima says quietly that they should buy him a bike, which by the next scene they apparently have. Still looking for employment Okajima does his best to be pleasant. He sees his son playing with a group of boys and their bikes only to be told that Miyoko is sick with \'childhood diarrhea\'. Upset he takes his son and rushes home to find it is true. Sugako informs him the Doctor wanted Miyoko to stay at the hospital but due to money concerns she waited. Okajima says he will make the money somehow and tells his son to summon a rickshaw to take them all to the hospital. At the hospital Miyoko recovers apparently quickly. Sugako asks her husband again how they will pay for it and he says he will find a way. He takes his son and on piggyback they return home. The next day the whole family returns home. Okajima initiates his son and daughter in a hand-clapping styled game. Sugako goes to her dresser to find the drawers empty. She panics thinking they have been robbed. Okajima is unfazed and just smiles at her saying, "Thanks to your Kimono, our Miyoko is well again!", and continues playing. Sugako joins them as her and her husband share looks and she wipes away her tears. Still in need of work a well dressed Okajimo tries an Employment agency; which has no work for him. He walks away only to bump into his old teacher, Mr. Omura . Omura has quit teaching and now runs a restaurant called "The Calorie Café". It mainly serves curry rice. He offers Okajimo a job \'until he can find him a good one\' which he swears he can. Okajimo insists he\'ll only take the job if it is out of friendship; not pity. He ends up taking the job. After trying some of the food Okajimo is told his job will be holding a banner and passing out flyers; the very job Douryou ended up with earlier in the film after his firing. Okajimo is disappointed as he feels it is beneath him; but takes it for his family. The next day both he and Mr. Omura are carrying banners and handing out flyers. On the street car his wife and children spot him. Sugako is distraught at the thought of her husband working such a degrading job. She confronts him about it and he tells her he has no choice for the moment. She says she will work his next shift, as he shows her a blister he got from carrying the heavy banners. The next day, Sugako, Tsuma, Mr. and Mrs Omura  are cooking up big plates of curry rice. Omura took some of Okajimo\'s advice and invited all their schoolmates to the restaurant for a meeting. The class sits at the table and drinks happily. At 15 sen a plate the professor realizes he should charge and does; which the drunken crowd does not seem to mind. As they eat a letter arrives from the Ministry of Education. Omura opens it and calls Okajima in the kitchen. He shows Okajimo the letter which turns out to be a job for teaching English in a small rural town at a girls school. Omura leaves so Okajimo and Sugako can discuss the matter. After contemplating the matter they both agree there really is no other choice; and once some money is saved they can return to their home. The couple return to the dining room and the final student arrives \'late as always\'. Everyone celebrates and breaks out into song.'] ['The story takes place during a twenty-four hour period while four family members vacation on a remote island, shortly after one of them, Karin , who suffers from schizophrenia, was released from an asylum. Karin\'s husband Martin  tells her father, David, that Karin\'s disease is almost incurable. Meanwhile, Minus , Karin\'s 17-year-old brother, tells Karin that he wishes he could have a real conversation with his father, and cries because he feels deprived of his father\'s affection. David  is a novelist suffering from a "writer\'s block" who has just returned from a long trip abroad. He announces he will leave again in a month, though he promised he would stay. The others are upset, and David gives them unthoughtful, last-minute presents. He leaves them and sobs alone for a moment. When he returns, the others cheerfully announce that they too have a "surprise" for David; they perform a play for him that Minus has written. David takes offense  at the play, which can be interpreted as an attack on his character. That night, after rejecting Martin’s erotic overtures, Karin wakes up and follows the sound of a foghorn to the attic. She faints after an episode in which she hears voices behind the peeling wallpaper. David, meanwhile, has stayed up all night working on his manuscript. Karin enters his room and tells him she can\'t sleep, and David tucks her in. Minus asks David to come with him out of the house, and David leaves. Karin looks through David\'s desk and finds his diary, learning that her disease is incurable and that her father has a callous hunger to record the details of her deterioration. The following morning, David and Martin, while fishing, confront each other over Karin. Martin accuses David of sacrificing his daughter for his art, and of being a self-absorbed, callous, cowardly phony. David is evasive, but admits that much of what Martin says is true. David says that he recently tried to kill himself by driving over a cliff, but was saved by a faulty transmission. He says that after that, he discovered that he loves Karin, Minus and Martin, and this gives him hope. Meanwhile, Karin tells Minus about her episodes, and that she is waiting for God to appear behind the wallpaper in the attic. Minus is somewhat sexually frustrated, and Karin teases him, even more so after she discovers that he hides a men\'s magazine. Later, on the beach, when Karin sees that a storm is coming, she runs into a wrecked ship and huddles in fear. Minus goes to her and she grabs him. Though the act is not shown the film suggests that Karin has sexually seduced her brother. Minus tells the other men about the incident in the ship and Martin calls for an ambulance. Karin asks to speak with her father alone. She confesses her misconduct toward Martin and Minus, saying that a voice told her to act that way and also to search David\'s desk. She tells David she would like to remain at the hospital, because she cannot go back and forth between two realities — she must choose one. While they are packing to go to the hospital, she runs to the attic, where Martin and David observe her actions. She says that God is about to walk out of the closet door, and asks her husband to allow her to enjoy the moment. The ambulance, a helicopter, flies by the window, making a lot of noise and shaking the door open. Karin moves toward the door eagerly, but then she runs from it, terrified, and goes into a frenzy of panic. Karin vanishes, and, reappearing in a frenzy, is sedated. When she stands, she tells them of God: an evil-faced spider who tried to penetrate her. She looked into God\'s eyes, and they were "cold and calm," and when God failed to penetrate her he retreated onto the wall. "I have seen God," she announces. Karin and Martin leave in the helicopter. Minus tells his father that he is afraid, because when Karin had grabbed him in the ship, he began leaving ordinary reality. He asks his father if he can survive that way. David tells him he can if he has "something to hold on to." He tells Minus of his own hope: love. David and his son discuss the concept of love as it relates to God, and the factor of human father-child relationships in the perception of God, in the stretching final chapter of the film. Minus seems relieved, and is tearfully happy that he finally had a real conversation with his father: "Father spoke to me."'] ['Chimo  is a nineteen-year-old self-described loser who lives in an Arab ghetto with his mother in post-9/11 Marseille. Unemployed, he turns down an opportunity to study  at a writers\' school for teenagers in Paris despite showing real promise as a writer. Instead, he wastes his day hanging around with other unemployed and aimless "losers". He falls for Lila , a beautiful blonde sixteen-year-old who just moved into the neighborhood with her eccentric and sexually abusive aunt. Lila is a self-styled "bad girl" who presents an overtly sexual person; they begin a tentative romance after Lila invites him to look up her skirt while she rides a swing. Meanwhile, Mouloud , Chimo\'s best friend and leader of their band of friends, also sets his sights on Lila. He begins to sexually harass Lila, not allowing her to walk the streets of the neighborhood unmolested. Chimo\'s disgust at Mouloud\'s behaviour towards Lila creates a huge rift between them. Mouloud, resentful of Chimo\'s changing attitude toward him and Lila\'s sexual indifference, vents his aggressions by attacking Lila and her aunt at home and raping Lila. Chimo is broken when he discovers Lila was in fact still a virgin, despite her stories of outrageous sexual adventures. This is confirmed by finding her scrapbook showing the sources of the titillating, but fictional, stories she told him. Lila is taken away by her aunt, leaving Chimo heartbroken. He eventually manages to convince a police detective to let him telephone Lila, whereupon he simply says "I love you" and she says "I know". It is implied at the end that he plans to meet Lila who is in Poland for the summer. However as he remembers his experiences with Lila, he writes about them, winning the writing scholarship he scorned earlier, and ultimately changing his life and allowing him to escape the poverty of his home city and to study among the best in Paris. Lila changed Chimo\'s world, as he did hers.'] ['Playtime is structured in six sequences, linked by two characters who repeatedly encounter one another in the course of a day: Barbara, a young American tourist visiting Paris with a group composed primarily of middle-aged American women, and Monsieur Hulot, a befuddled Frenchman lost in the new modernity of Paris. The sequences are as follows: *The Airport: the American tour group arrives at the ultra-modern and impersonal Orly Airport. *The Offices: M. Hulot arrives at one of the glass and steel buildings for an important meeting, but gets lost in a maze of disguised rooms and offices, eventually stumbling into a trade exhibition of lookalike business office designs and furniture nearly identical to those in the rest of the building. *The Trade Exhibition: M. Hulot and the American tourists are introduced to the latest modern gadgets, including a door that slams "in golden silence" and a broom with headlights, while the Paris of legend goes all but unnoticed save for a flower-seller\'s stall and a single reflection of the Eiffel Tower in a glass window. *The Apartments: as night falls, M. Hulot meets an old friend who invites him to his sparsely furnished, ultra-modern and glass-fronted flat. This sequence is filmed entirely from the street, observing Hulot and other building residents through uncurtained floor-to-ceiling picture windows. *The Royal Garden: This sequence takes up almost the entire second half of the film. At the restaurant, Hulot reunites with several characters he has periodically encountered during the day, along with a few new ones, including a nostalgic ballad singer and a boisterous American businessman. *The Carousel of Cars: Hulot buys Barbara two small gifts as mementos of Paris before her departure. In the midst of a complex ballet of cars in a traffic circle, the tourists\' bus returns to the airport.'] ["Geeta Devi  is one of the daughters-in-law of a prominent and wealthy family, who is unfortunately widowed. Still youthful and attractive, she gives in to the wiles of one of the men in the neighbourhood, Lalit Ramji , and starts living with him. She has a daughter, Afsara  by him, and the three are portrayed as a happy family unit. One day, Lalit disappears without explanation, and from then on, the lives of the abandoned mother and daughter go steadily downward. Afsara is forced to leave school through her erstwhile in-laws' machinations; with no income, their landlord is forced to let them go, and they have to move to a hutment colony, Geeta begins work as a maidservant in order to earn a living and support her daughter. One of the poignant themes in the movie is Afsara's relationship with her father, to whose illusory love she hangs on with a childlike and, in the end, horribly unjustified faith. Learning that Lalit is now a successful politician, Afsara persuades her mother to travel to New Delhi to meet him as she is sure her father will rescue them from their terrible condition. Rejected, the mother returns, and having lost all hope and faith in human goodness, takes to drink. Soon after, she dies leaving her daughter aged 16 all alone. The daughter takes up her mother's job as maidservant in the house of a widower  of 15 years. He seems genuinely concerned for the welfare of the girl and slowly gains her trust and finally asks her to come live with him despite the age gap. After some initial reluctance, the girl finally accepts and starts living with Om Puri, and briefly the yong girl is restored to a secure life free of want. Her protector, then dies of a heart attack. His relatives accuse the girl of murder and she is taken into custody and questioned by the police. After a few months she is released for lack of evidence. Left to her own devices, she works for a time as a prostitute until she decides to move to Delhi and try to get in touch with her father. In Delhi, she lives in the railway station with three other street children, even acquiring a status of leadership among them. One day, she learns that her father is coming to the city and will be giving a conference. She decides to attend and during the conference, she gets up and starts shouting to her father that she is his daughter. Lalit ignores her calls and she is led out by the police and left a few miles down the road. She then realizes that her mother was right and that her father had really abandoned them to their fate. Faced with the treacherous cruelty that life can show, she is walking along, loudly lamenting her fate and reviling life, when one of her father's henchmen slips up behind her, and brutally slits her throat The movie ends with her lying dead on the grass."] ['The film interweaves three stories from different eras but sharing a common location, in the forest of Ardennes. In legendary times, the baby son of a king is rescued by his nurse when his father is killed by a rival. When the boy grows up, he kills a dragon, rescues a maiden, and reclaims his kingdom, to initiate a reign of love and happiness. In 1914, the wealthy Count Forbek announces to his friends his plan to build an extravagant castle, a "temple of happiness", as a home for himself and for them, which he will dedicate to Livia, the woman he intends to marry. His plans are disrupted by the onset of the First World War, and Livia marries Raoul, an army officer; but in 1920 the castle is sufficiently complete for Forbek to entertain his friends there. He invites them all to participate in an experiment in which their present discontents and all their memories will be wiped away when they drink a potion, and they will be reborn as new people, re-educated to live in perfect harmony. Livia alone secretly avoids drinking the potion and observes its effect on the others. When she learns that Raoul has died in the experiment, she denounces Forbek\'s scheme, and he is devastated by her rejection. In the 1980s, the castle has been converted into the Institut Holberg, a progressive school and teacher-training establishment. An educational conference brings together delegates who include Walter Guarini, a utopian architect, Nora Winkle, an American anthropologist, Elisabeth Rousseau, an earnest provincial schoolmistress, and Roger Dufresne, a games expert at the Institute. The determination of Georges Leroux, the conference convenor, to unite everyone in shared ideals of how the next generation should be educated is subverted when Elisabeth\'s demonstration of her practical method of integrated teaching provokes an outbreak of ideological disputes. Meanwhile, Nora\'s mischievous plan to foster a romance between Elisabeth and Roger has completely contrary results. The conference breaks up in disarray.'] [' The story takes place in Aci Trezza, a small fishing village on the east coast of Sicily, Italy. It tells about the exploitation of working-class fishermen, specifically that of the eldest son of a very traditional village family, the Valastros. \'Ntoni convinces his family to mortgage their house in order to catch and sell fish themselves and make more money than they were already receiving from the wholesalers who had controlled the market with their low prices for a long time. Everything goes well until a storm ruins the family\'s boat, leaving them with nothing to keep the new business going. Following this disaster, the family experiences several awful events such as having to leave the house, the death of the grandfather, and \'Ntoni and his brothers being obliged to return to fish for the wholesalers.  The film can be divided by its prologue, three main phases and an epilogue. Its first part tells us about the fishermens\' attempt to improve their economic circumstances. They demand a better price for their fish, and it is symbolized by \'Ntoni, the eldest son of Valastros family, throwing a pair of scales into the ocean, and the fishermen end up in prison. The wholesalers realize it is more profitable to have him and his friends fishing and release them. \'Ntoni, who has lived on the mainland, had brought some new open minded ideas with him and he tries to form a cooperative, but no one joins him. In deciding to do it on his own, he convinces his family to mortgage their house to buy a boat and starts his new life. A festive mood is present in this sequence, with all the village joining Valastro\'s family salting the fish in laughter and joy. The second part, is dedicated to show Valastro\'s vulnerability. They realize that the price for being owners is high; they not only have to buy the salt but also work hard and not stop even in the hardest storm, risking their lives to be able to feed so many mouths at home. When they go out in a particularly bad storm, their new boat is severely damaged, and the Valastros have no money to get it repaired. At this point in the film, we see the other fishermen and the wholesalers mocking them already, convinced of the immutability of the prevailing social order. The third phase of the film just affirms this already noticed vulnerability. The social and psychological consequences of the Valastros\' attempt to change things are gradually revealed. They go out of work, no one wants to give them any opportunities, and the wholesalers are able to set the price for their fish. In the scene showing the wholesalers increasing the prices yet again, we can see the face of the children registering amazement at the cruelty of the adults. This was quite a common feature in neorealist films, and one almost sees this as an awakening of consciousness. The family unit, so strong in the beginning of the film, breaks down. Now they have no family, no house, the grandfather dies, \'Ntoni\'s brother Cola leaves for the mainland to seek new opportunities, their sister Lucia loses her reputation, yielding to the temptations of Marshal Don Salvatore, and \'Ntoni starts drinking. Only the elder sister Mara remains strong, although she loses all hope of ever getting married because of not being rich. In the epilogue, \'Ntoni finally overcomes his pride, recognizing the true cause of the problems of his kind and his class, and sees the need for collective action by going back with his two young brothers, Vanni and Alessio, to work for the wholesalers as a day laborer, who have bought new boats. The entire mood of the film becomes oppressive since the camera never leaves Aci Trezza, except in the scenes at sea at the beginning and end of the film. The outside world appears only indirectly when \'Ntoni goes to prison, when the family goes to sign a contract with the bank, when a stranger offering American cigarettes appears to tempt the youngsters to move to the mainland, and when the old baroness honors the inauguration of the new wholesaler\'s boats with her presence. Some allusions to modern Italian history are also there. On the wall of the restaurant we can see an image of a hammer and sickle. One of the wholesalers suddenly says: "The country is full of communism!", and his colleague answers: "Raimondo is always right," in a parody of the Fascist slogan, "Il Duce is always right." At the end of the film, a faded text can be seen behind Raimondo: :Go with determination toward people. ~ Benito Mussolini.'] ["Kari Gurukkal, also known as Pulimaranja Thondachan , is a folk god of Pulayas, a subaltern community in North Kerala. According to legends, Kari was a master of martial arts and other arts. Envious, the upper cast people ordered him to bring tiger mane and tail to cure the madness of the ruler. For this, he had to take the tiger form and go to the forest. To get his human form back when he returns from the forest, his wife should pour water used for cleaning rise and beat him with broom. But when he returns for the forest, his wife got terrified by his form and fails to do what she was told to do. Unable to take human form, Kari goes back to the forest. Prakashan ([[Murali  is a graduate who leads a simple life of a farmer. He is more involved in local issues and politics than his personal life. Once Prakashan plans to stage a play titled 'Pulijanmam' for a local arts club. He does a lot of research on Kari Gurukkal and brings up the script. He himself rehearses to portray the main character in the drama, Thondachhan Theyyam Kari Gurukkal. For playing the role of Vellachi, the female lead in the drama, Prakashan finds Shehnaz , a Muslim girl. The rehearsals go on, but due to the outbreak of communal riots in the area, the drama was cancelled. The Hindu-Muslim harmony in the village is broken due to the riots that lasted long. The situations take a U-turn and all the blame comes on Prakashan which makes him lose his close friends. In the mean time, his sister Anila  leaves the family behind and takes the life of her choice which makes their mother lose her mental balance. Prakashan finds every situation he rehearsed for long in the drama to happen in his real life. In a final attempt to regain his life, he goes to meet Shehnaz and invite her to his life; but of the fear of Prakashan getting killed by her community men, she asks Prakashan to go back. The film ends when Prakashan realizes that his fate takes the same end as Kari Master."] ["Severine and Henri are reunited decades after their earlier encounter in Luis Buñuel's 1967 film, Belle de Jour. Severine is reluctant to see Henri again, yet he is adamant about seeing her again. She resents that by seeing her former blackmailer she has to confront her past of adultery and prostitution. Nevertheless she is curious to know whether Henri revealed her secret life to her paralysed doctor husband as he was dying.Belle toujours The Observer. 23 November 2008"] ["Set in Zlatibor District, an old man named Živojin Marković , living in a remote village prays for his grandson Tsane  to go to the city , sell his cow and bring back a wife. In the city he is supposed to meet up with his grandfather's stepbrother, but this man is dead. Instead, he meets this man's two grandsons, two good-natured brothers who are nevertheless small-time criminals and experts in demolition. Tsane soon clicks with these men, and also falls in love with a schoolgirl , who he wants to marry as part of his testament with his grandfather . He gets involved in this girl's family affairs, rescuing both her and her mother from prostitution and gangsters headed by a man called Bajo , and the new group of people return to the small village in time to celebrate Živojin's wedding to his neighbor, despite the gangsters' best efforts to stop the celebration, which results in a double wedding ."] ['Andula is a working-class woman living in a fading Czech factory town. After a party she sleeps with Milda, a pianist with the band who was visiting from Prague. A famous line is uttered as they are lying in bed afterward. Andula asks what Milda meant when he said she was "angular." He goes on to explain that a woman is shaped like a guitar. "And you, you look like a guitar too," he tells her, "but one painted by Picasso." They part ways, and when she doesn\'t hear from him again, she packs up and arrives on his doorstep in the big city. Milda is not home, and she meets his parents, who don\'t know what they should do with her. Milda comes home early the next morning, and it becomes clear to Andula that she is not wanted, so she returns to her home.'] ["The film opens with a shot of three men, practically indistinguishable from each other: Shingen, his brother Nobukado, and a thief whom Nobukado met by chance and spared from crucifixion, believing the thief's uncanny resemblance to Shingen would prove useful. Shingen agrees that he would prove useful as a double, and they decide to use the thief as a kagemusha. Shingen's army has besieged a castle of Tokugawa Ieyasu. When Shingen visits the battlefield to hear a mysterious nightly flute player, he is shot by a sniper. Mortally wounded, he orders his generals to keep his death a secret for three years. Shingen later dies while being carried over a mountain pass, with only a small group of witnesses. Nobukado presents the thief to the generals, proposing to have this kagemusha impersonate Shingen full-time. At first, even the thief is unaware of Shingen's death, until he tries to break into a huge jar, believing it to contain treasure, and instead finds Shingen's preserved corpse. After this act, the generals decide they cannot trust the thief and set him free. The Takeda leaders secretly dump the jar with Shingen's corpse into Lake Suwa. Spies working for Tokugawa and his ally Oda Nobunaga witness the disposal of the jar and, suspecting that Shingen has died, go to report the death. The thief, however, overhearing the spies, goes to offer his services, hoping to be of some use to Shingen in death. The Takeda clan preserves the cover-up by saying they were making an offering of sake to the god of the lake. The spies follow the Takeda army as they march home from the siege. Although they suspect that Shingen has died, they are later convinced by the kagemusha{{'}}s performance. Returning home, the kagemusha successfully fools Shingen's concubines and grandson. By imitating Shingen's gestures and learning more about him, the kagemusha begins to take on the persona of Shingen, and is able to awe even the bodyguards and Wakashū, who knew Shingen best. When he must preside over a clan council and is unexpectedly asked for his decision on a military matter, he cleverly relies on the clan motto, which identifies Shingen with an unmoving mountain. When Tokugawa and Oda Nobunaga launch an attack against the territory of the Takeda clan, Shingen's son, Katsuyori, launches a counterattack against the advice of other generals. The kagemusha is forced to lead reinforcements to the Battle of Takatenjin, and helps inspire the troops to victory. In a fit of overconfidence, the kagemusha attempts to ride Shingen's spirited horse. When he falls off, those who rush to help him see that he does not have their lord's battle scars, and he is revealed as an impostor. The thief is driven out of the palace, and Katsuyori, despite having been disinherited, takes over the clan. In full control of the Takeda army, Katsuyori leads an ill-advised attack against Oda Nobunaga, who controls Kyoto, resulting in the Battle of Nagashino. Wave after wave of cavalry and infantry are cut down by volleys of matchlock fire, effectively wiping out the Takeda. During this scene, much of the battle is offscreen. Although the charge of the Takeda army and the volley of fire from Nobunaga's soldiers is seen, the actual death of the Takeda men is not shown until the battle is over, and the viewer sees a vast scene of carnage as more time is given to the aftermath. The kagemusha, who has followed the Takeda army, witnesses the slaughter. In a final show of loyalty, he takes up a lance and makes a futile charge against Oda's fortifications, ultimately dying for the Takeda clan. The final image is of the kagemushas bullet-riddled body being washed away down a river, next to the flag of the Takeda clan."] ["The story is set in the Republic of Salò, the Fascist-occupied portion of Italy in 1944. Four men of power, the Duke , the Bishop, the Magistrate , and the President , agree to marry each other's daughters as the first step in a debauched ritual. With the aid of several collaborating young men, they kidnap eighteen young men and women , and take them to a palace near Marzabotto. Accompanying them are four middle-aged prostitutes, also collaborators, whose function will be to recount erotically arousing stories for the men of power, who, in turn, will sadistically exploit their victims. The story depicts some of the many days at the palace, during which the four men of power devise increasingly abhorrent tortures and humiliations for their own pleasure. In the Anteinferno segment, the captures of some victims by the collaborators are shown, and, later, the four lords examining them. The Circle of Manias presents some of the stories in the first part of Sade's book, told by Mrs. Vaccari . In the Circle of Shit, the passions escalate in intensity from mainly non-penetrative sex to coprophagia. One scene shows a young woman forced to eat the feces of the Duke; later, the other victims are presented a giant meal of human feces. The Circle of Blood starts with a black mass-like wedding between the guards and the men of power, after which the Bishop is sodomized by his assistant. The Bishop then leaves to examine the captives in their rooms, where they start systematically betraying each other: one girl is revealed to be hiding a photograph, two girls are shown to be having a secret sexual affair, and finally, a collaborator  and the black servant  are shot down after being found having sex. Toward the end, the remaining victims are murdered through methods like scalping, branding, and having their tongues and eyes cut out, as each libertine takes his turn to watch as voyeur. The film's final shot is of two young soldiers, who had witnessed and collaborated in all of the prior atrocities, dancing a simple waltz together."] ["Bruno, 20, and Sonia, 18, are surviving on her welfare checks and Bruno's petty crimes when Sonia becomes pregnant. Bruno sells their baby to a black market adoption ring to make some quick cash. Faced with Sonia's shock, he regrets his mistake and buys the child back at a premium -- but, after being turned away by Sonia, his mounting debts and desperation lead Bruno down a quick path to prison."] ["The film centers around the Borgen family in rural Denmark. The devout widower Morten, patriarch of the family, prominent member of the community, and patron of the local parish church, has three sons. Mikkel, the eldest, has no faith, but is happily married to the pious Inger, who is pregnant with their third child. Johannes, who went insane studying Søren Kierkegaard, believes himself to be Jesus Christ and wanders the farm condemning the age's lack of faith, including that of his family and the modern-minded new pastor of the village. The youngest son, Anders, is lovesick for the daughter of the leader of a local Christian religious sect. Anders confesses to Mikkel and Inger that he loves Anne Petersen, the daughter of Peter the Tailor. They agree to convince Morten to assent to the match. Later, Inger attempts to convince Morten to allow Anders to marry Anne. Morten angrily refuses, but changes his mind when he finds out Peter has refused Anders' proposal. Morten and Anders go to meet Peter, in order to negotiate the betrothal. Morten tries to convince Peter to permit the marriage, but he continues to refuse unless Morten and Anders join his sect. As the discussion collapses into sectarian bickering, Morten receives a call announcing that Inger has gone into a difficult labor. Peter says that Inger's difficulties are punishment from God for Morten not joining his sect. Furious at Peter's comments, Morten attacks Peter and storms out with Anders, the two of them rushing home. While the doctor is forced to abort the baby, he is able to save Inger's life. After the doctor and pastor leave, Johannes angers his father by telling him that death is nearby and will take Inger, unless Morten has faith in him. Morten refuses to listen and, as prophesied, Inger dies suddenly. While preparing to go to Inger's funeral, Peter realizes that he has wronged Morten terribly, and reconciles with him over Inger's open coffin, agreeing to permit Anne and Anders to marry. Johannes suddenly interrupts the wake, approaches Inger's coffin, and proclaims that she can be raised from the dead if the family will only have faith and ask God to do so. Inger's daughter takes Johannes' hand and impatiently asks him to raise her mother from the dead. Johannes praises her childlike faith and asks God to raise Inger, who begins to breathe and twitch in her coffin. Seeing what seems to be the miracle of resurrection, both Morten and Peter rejoice, forgetting their religious differences. As Inger sits up, Mikkel embraces her and proclaims that he has finally found faith.Dreyer, Carl Theodor. Four Screenplays. Bloomington & London: Indiana University Press. 1970. ISBN 253-12740-8. pp. 239-298."] ["Lulu  is the mistress of a respected, middle-aged newspaper publisher, Dr. Ludwig Schön . One day, she is delighted when an old patron Schigolch  shows up at her door. However, when Schön also arrives, she has Schigolch hide on the terrace. Schön breaks the news to Lulu that he is going to marry Charlotte von Zarnikow , the daughter of the Minister of the Interior. Lulu tries to get him to change his mind, but when he discovers the disreputable-looking Schigolch, he leaves. Schigolch introduces Lulu to Rodrigo Quast , who wants her to join his new trapeze act. The next day, Lulu goes to see her best friend Alwa , who happens to be Schön's son. Schön is greatly displeased to see her, but comes up with the idea to have her star in his son's musical production to get her off his hands. However, Schön makes the mistake of bringing Charlotte to see the revue. When Lulu refuses to perform in front of her rival, Schön takes her into a storage room to try to persuade her otherwise, but she seduces him instead. Charlotte finds them embracing. A defeated Schön resigns himself to marrying Lulu. While the wedding reception is underway, he is disgusted to find Lulu playfully cavorting with Schigolch and Quast in the bedchamber. He gets his pistol and chases the interlopers out. The shocked guests leave while Lulu claims that Shigolch is her father. Once they are alone, Schön insists his new wife take the gun and shoot herself. When Lulu refuses, the gun goes off in the ensuing struggle, and Schön is killed. At her murder trial, Lulu is sentenced to five years for manslaughter. However, Schigolch and Quast trigger a fire alarm and spirit her away in the confusion. When Alwa finds her back in the Schön home, he confesses his feelings for her and they decide to flee the country. Countess Augusta Geschwitz ([[Alice Roberts , herself infatuated with Lulu, lets the fugitive use her passport. On the train, Lulu is recognized by another passenger, Marquis Casti-Piani . He offers to keep silent in return for money. He also suggests a hiding place, a ship used as an illegal gambling den. After several months however, Casti-Piani sells Lulu to an Egyptian for his brothel, and Quast blackmails Lulu for financing for his new act. Desperate for money to pay them off, Alwa cheats at cards, but is caught at it. Lulu turns to Schigolch for help. He has Geschwitz lure Quast to a stateroom, where she murders him. Then Schigolch, Lulu, and Alwa flee. They end up living in squalor in a drafty London garret. On Christmas Eve, driven to prostitution, Lulu has the misfortune of picking a remorseful Jack the Ripper  as her first client. Though he protests he has no money, she likes him and invites him to her lodgings anyway. Schigolch drags Alwa away before they are seen. Jack is touched and secretly throws away his knife. Inside however, he spots another knife on the table and cannot resist his urges. Unaware of Lulu's fate, Alwa deserts her, joining a passing Salvation Army parade."] ["The film features several different storylines, all of which intersect periodically throughout the film. The film's opening scene features a brief encounter with four of the main characters: Anne Laurent  is an actress working in Paris, and she walks briefly with her boyfriend's younger brother Jean. After they part, Jean throws a piece of garbage at Maria, a homeless woman sitting on the side of the road. Amadou, the child of Malian immigrants, witnesses this and confronts Jean. The two fight, and eventually Amadou and Maria are both taken to a police station for questioning. Amadou is released presumably shortly after, though we learn that he was held, beaten and shamed, but Maria is deported to her native Romania and she reconnects with her family there."] ['Mumtaz ([[Tabu  is a young village woman whose family is killed in communal riots. She moves to Mumbai with her uncle, the only family member she has left. They are desperately poor and her uncle persuades her to become a bar girl at Chandni Bar. This is merely temporary, he promises, until he gets a job. Mumtaz is shy and loathes the work, but she forces herself to dance and flirt. However, the uncle doesn\'t keep his promise; he lives on her earnings, drinking them away, and never gets a job. He adds one final, unforgivable crime to the list when he gets drunk and rapes her. By this time she has caught the eye of a gangster called Potiya Sawant . When she tells Potiya what her uncle did to her, Potiya decides to "defend her honor." Potiya kills the uncle and marries her. She lives with him for several years and gives birth to a son, Abhay, and daughter, Payal. She wants Abhay and Payal to be educated and stay far away from her world of dancing girls and Potiya\'s gangsters. Potiya gets in the bad books of other gangsters, loses his connections, becomes a target for the police, and is killed in a planned "encounter," leaving Mumtaz to return back to dancing at the Chandni Bar. Years pass and Abhay and Payal are in their teens and attending school. Mumtaz still works at Chandni Bar, not as a dancer, but as a waitress. Then the unexpected happens &mdash; Abhay is arrested by the police for extortion and held in a juvenile home for the crime he had not committed. At the home, Abhay gets raped by a couple of other inmates. Mumtaz attempts to talk to the police, to no avail. She then meets with some influential people, who agree to help her out for a price, which she must bring to them in less than two days. Mumtaz hustles and sells her body to obtain the money but is still short. seeing her mother\'s plight Payal takes up dancing at Chandni Bar and brings the rest of the money to her troubled mother. With the money turned over to release Abhay, the family heave a sigh of relief &mdash; until Mumtaz notices that it is not the same Abhay she had known two days earlier. This one is cold, ruthless, and has only purpose in life: vengeance. Abhay takes his revenge and shoots the inmates that raped him. It looks like Payal is going in her mother\'s footsteps, and Abhay is set to be another Potiya.'] ["Railroad engineer Sisif  rescues a small orphan, whose name he learns is Norma , following a disastrous crash. He raises the little girl as his own, along with his son Elie , whose mother died during his birth. In time, Norma becomes a lively and playful young woman. Her greatest joy is time spent with Elie, by now a handsome violin maker. whom she believes to be her natural brother. But Sisif, to his own horror, finds himself falling in love with his adopted daughter. Sisif confesses to a partner, Hersan , that he is preoccupied in an unhealthy way with Norma. Hersan threatens Sisif with blackmail if he does not consent to give Norma to him in marriage. Sisif reluctantly agrees with this arrangement, and himself drives the train that will deliver Norma to her husband. Distraught, he drives recklessly, and nearly wrecks the train. An eye injury forces Sisif to abandon his trade, and he goes to work instead on the funicular at Mont Blanc. When Norma comes to vacation at Chamonix with her husband, she learns where Sisif and Elie live. Hersan finds out that Elie is also in love with Norma when he smashes a violin that was made by Elie. Inside is a love letter that only Hersan reads. A jealous Hersan fights with Elie on the mountain. Elie falls to his death, but not before mortally wounding Hersan. Sisif, enraged by Elie's death, blames Norma and drives her away. But she returns, and with Sisif's eyesight almost completely gone, manages to live undetected in his shack for a time. When he at last realizes she is there, they cling to one another, time and tragedy having restored the balance in their father-daughter relationship. Sisif grows old, cared for by Norma. After sending her out to join in a local festivity, Sisif waits at the window, watching not with his eyes but with his mind. As Norma dances, Sisif dies."] ['Zeenat  is an independent Muslim woman living in Himachal Pradesh. She agrees to marry Amir Khan, her boyfriend despite his parents\' reservations. After their marriage, her husband leaves for Saudi Arabia to begin with a new employment. Meera , a simple Rajasthani Hindu woman, has everything in her life in accordance with customs and traditions: her formative years, her recent marriage into a traditional Rajasthani family and her daily chores within the walls of her haveli. Coincidentally, her husband is also away to Saudi Arabia, his new workplace. Meera finds it tough without her husband, Shankar, but they manage to stay in touch despite the geographical distance. Shankar regularly kept sending his wages back home so as to support his family that included his father, Randhir Singh , mother, Gowri Singh , his paternal grandmother  and his wife, Meera. One day, Meera does not find the periodic remittance from Shankar. Time passes by and when there are neither any further remittances nor any correspondence from her husband, Meera gets worried. When frantic inquiries are made, she is devastated to know that Shankar was killed in a freak accident that was allegedly caused by his Muslim roommate. When the news of Shankar\'s death reaches the Singh haveli, everyone turns somber and as per the Rajasthani tradition, the ceremonies towards rendering her into a widow emotionally drains Meera. Her vivaciousness and exuberance are thrust behind her black veil. The rest of the family vents their frustration of losing their only bread-winner on Meera, by blaming her for bringing ill-luck to their family. Meera, while being her respectful self, bears the insults silently. On the other side, Zeenat hears that her husband has been arrested for murdering his roommate in Saudi Arabia. She is convinced that it must have been an accident, but the Saudi law is unforgiving and Amir is scheduled to be executed. An Indian officer explains to her that Saudi law permits release of a criminal if the wife of the deceased forgives the guilt. Armed only with a photograph of Shankar and Amir, Zeenat sets out to find Meera. En route, she meets a bahuroopiya  on the way. The bahuroopiya introduces himself and his profession as being multi-faceted and multi-talented in arts and mimicry. This profession requires him to keep visiting different places to perform "tricks" for his income. He turns out to be a petty con-man when he hoodwinks Zeenat and steals her belongings. However, when Zeenat is in trouble, he returns to rescue her with his artistic talent. He reveals his sympathetic view when Zeenat details her plight and he offers to help her with whatever knowledge he has. After making a lot of educated guesses, they both reach Jodhpur and with local help, they identify the Singh haveli. When Zeenat directly requests the Singh family to pardon Amir\'s mistake, their anger drives her away. She feels that maybe talking through and befriending Meera might help her cause. The bahuroopiya takes leave of Zeenat and wishes her the best for her efforts. At a temple, which Meera visits as her daily ritual, Zeenat makes her first contact. Zeenat is too afraid to tell Meera the truth about the situation, and she does not reveal who she is or why she has come. Over a few weeks, both become good friends and spend most of the time together and their friendship brings out the missing part in each of their personalities. In the process, Zeenat realizes helplessness; this is totally new to her forthright way of thinking. Meera, on the other hand, gets a glimpse of freedom; this brings her out of the shell of the traditions in her haveli and gives her a new perspective on her own life. In the meanwhile, the Singh haveli is under a debt to Chopra, a local factory owner . When Randhir Singh requests him to provide him more time to repay it back, he is given an offer - pardoning the debt in exchange for Meera. Though initially setback by Chopra\'s offer, Singh prefers the haveli to Meera. When the news of the imminent death sentence arrives, Zeenat is compelled to tell the truth to Meera. Meera is shocked beyond belief to hear Zeenat\'s words and the fact that her friendship was based on false pretenses is what hurts her more. She immediately refuses to sign the maafinama . She makes it clear that she wants to hurt her husband\'s killer, even if it was an accident, because of how much she is hurting in her new, veiled life. She leaves for the haveli. Zeenat, initially, is deeply hurt to know of Meera\'s decision, but eventually accepts it as fate and decides to leave for her hometown. Meera later has a change of heart, perhaps because of her disillusionment at Singh\'s willingness to "sell" her to Chopra. She gets encouragement from her paternal grandmother and hurries towards the railway station, where she meets Zeenat and gives her the signed statement of forgiveness. At the last second, Zeenat extends her hand from the train and Meera grabs it and climbs aboard, presumably running away from the only life she has ever known, as the train speeds up into the distance.'] ["In a typical college in a typical Indian city, the hostel boys Madan Sharma  and his friends including Ranjeet Prakash  are a rowdy and troublesome lot. But on one particular day, when Madan and his friends find out there will not be a holiday for them on the day of Holi, the festival of colors, the boys decide not to attend the classes. The hostel superintendent Professor Singh , the only lecturer with some links with the students, watches with apprehension their growing restlessness. A notice announcing a further postponement of examinations adds to the bitterness. A fight erupts out of nowhere between principal Phande's  nephew and another student, in which the principal's nephew is hurt and the other boy is promptly rusticated. This is seen as a drastic punishment, and the news spreads like wildfire to all the students of the college. Resistance is organized in the library, in the laboratory, in the classrooms and the college grounds as the students rebel against the principal."] ['In 1940s Japanese-occupied Shanghai, a well-dressed, attractive young Chinese woman, "Mrs. Mai" , is sitting in a café in a posh neighborhood. When she makes a call to a man, her seemingly innocuous dialogue is a coded signal that prompts a cell of young resistance agents to load their weapons and spring into action. ;Hong Kong 1938 The film then flashes back in time to the events in 1938 that led up to the transformation of the shy, inexperienced university student Wong Chia Chi into the glamorously dressed and seemingly well-to-do Mrs. Mai, her cover role in the Chinese resistance against Japanese invasion. During the Second Sino-Japanese War, Chia Chi had been left behind in China by her father, who is going to re-marry in the United Kingdom. Chia Chi flees from Shanghai to Hong Kong and attends her first year at Lingnan University. A male student named Kuang Yu Min  invites her to join his patriotic drama club. Chia Chi becomes a lead actress in the club, inspiring both her audience and her new-found friend Kuang. Fired up from the drama troupe\'s patriotic plays, Kuang urges the group to make a more concrete contribution to the war against Japan. He devises a plan to assassinate Mr. Yee , who is a special agent and recruiter of the puppet government set up by the Japanese Government in China. The beautiful Chia Chi is chosen to take on the undercover role of Mrs Mai, the elegant wife of the owner of a Hong Kong based trading company, she insinuates herself in the social circle of Mrs. Yee . She catches the eye of Mr. Yee and tries to lure him into a location where he can be assassinated. Yee is attracted to Chia Chi and once steps very close to the trap but withdraws at the last minute. It comes to light that Chia Chi is still a virgin, and she reluctantly consents to sleeping with Liang Jun-Sheng , another student involved in the plot to kill Mr. Yee, in order to play into her role as a married woman if she were to sleep with Mr. Yee. It is obvious that Kuang is upset by this, but nevertheless agrees to the two "practicing" every following night. But not long after that, Mr. and Mrs. Yee move back to Shanghai all of a sudden, leaving the students with no further chance to complete their assassination plan. With Yee gone, the university students believe there is no need to maintain the facade and therefore pack up and clean up the rented apartment. An armed subordinate of Yee turns up in their apartment unannounced and finds their sudden packing very suspicious. Spotting their university tanktops, the subordinate realises that "Mr. & Mrs. Mai" are not who they claim they are. The university students kill the subordinate and are forced to go into hiding afterward. ;Shanghai, 1942 In Shanghai, three years later, Chia Chi again encounters Kuang, who is now an undercover agent of the KMT, which is seeking to overturn the Japanese occupation force and their puppet government. He enlists her into a renewed assassination plan to kill Yee. By this time, Mr. Yee has become the head of secret police department under the puppet government and is responsible for capturing and executing resistance agents who are working for the KMT. Eventually, Chia Chi becomes Mr. Yee\'s mistress. During their first encounter Yee is rough with Chia Chi, virtually raping her by throwing her down onto the bed and tying her up with his belt. However, over the weeks that follow their sexual relationship becomes very passionate and deeply emotional, but also very conflicted for both of them, especially for Chia Chi, who is setting her lover up for assassination. When Chia Chi reports to her superior officer in the KMT, she exhorts him to carry out the assassination soon, so that she will not have to continue her sexual liaisons with the brutal Yee, but the officer argues that the assassination needs to be delayed for strategic reasons. Chia Chi describes the inhuman emotional conflict she is in, on one hand sexually and emotionally bound to Mr. Yee and on the other hand part of a plot to kill him. When Mr. Yee sends Chia Chi to a jewelry store with a sealed envelope, she is surprised to discover that he has arranged for a large and extremely rare six carat pink diamond for her, to be mounted in a ring. This provides the Chinese resistance with a chance to get at Mr. Yee when he is not accompanied by his bodyguards. The next time Chia Chi and Mr. Yee meet, she asks him to go to the jewellery store with her to collect the diamond ring. As they enter the shop, she notices several resistance agents waiting to spring the trap. But, after first demurring, when she puts on the magnificent ring, and experiences Mr. Yee\'s love for her, she is overcome by emotion and breaks down and urges him twice to "Go, now." Mr. Yee realizes her meaning, runs out of the shop and is rushed away by his driver, and escapes the assassination attempt. By the end of the day most of the resistance group including Kuang and Chia Chi herself are captured. It is revealed that Mr. Yee\'s deputy has been aware of the resistance cell, but did not inform Mr. Yee, both because of Mr. Yee\'s relationship with Chia Chi and because the deputy had hoped to use this opportunity to catch the resistance cell leader. Mr. Yee, emotionally in turmoil, signs their death warrants and the resistance group members, including Chia Chi, are led out to a quarry and executed. In the last scene, Mr. Yee sits on Chia Chi\'s empty bed in the family guest room, and informs his wife that their house guest is gone, and that she should not ask any questions.'] ["Binodini is a young woman who is left to her own devices when her sickly husband dies soon after they are married. She returns to her village and lives there for a couple of months until she sees one of her relatives passing by. Binodini hails the woman and the two soon agree that it would be best if Binodini came to live with the woman and her son, Mahendra.  When the two arrive, the woman's son and his new bride are constantly sneaking off to be alone together. This infatuation does not last long, and Mahendra soon begins to see that his wife's friend, Binodini, is more his type. The story details the lives of these three and Mahendra's best friend as they deal with issues as distrust, adultery, lies, and fallings-out.{{Citation needed}}"] ["The film is set in 1957–1958 in Coburg, in post-World War II West Germany. Schuckert is a local construction entrepreneur whose methods of gaining wealth include shady business practices such as bribing the local officials. His latest scheme is endangered with the arrival of von Bohm, a high minded building commissioner. Von Bohm tries to go for gradual change of the system from within, rather than exposing the participants. Meanwhile he falls in love with a beautiful woman named Lola. They are attracted to each other, and von Bohm starts thinking of marriage. When von Bohm finds her to be a cabaret singer/prostitute in the town brothel where most of von Bohm's adversaries are her clients and she is the 'personal toy' of Schuckert's, he collects evidence against Schuckert to expose the corruption. However, because the town has benefited so much from shady capitalism, no one cares. Von Bohm is seduced into the system by money and marrying Lola. Schuckert gifts the brothel to Lola, now Mrs von Bohm, and von Bohm, on their wedding day. While von Bohm is out walking, Schuckert takes Lola to bed."] ["The story takes place in an ordinary village in Hungary. It begins with an old man who has hiccups, and takes place in front of his house near a can of milk. He observes the daily habits of the villagers, and the viewer is shown many sequences about different events: A young man drives his horse and cart filled with milk cans. Normally he would clean the cans, but he's distracted by a girl sitting in the sun. A threshing-machine is harvesting. A cat becomes poisoned and eventually dies. A mole gets killed by an old lady ploughing the ground and she gives the mole to her dog. A farmer takes his pig to a sow for fertilization and the two owners watch with satisfaction when the pigs copulate. The men of the village bowl to kill time. The old man is still having hiccups. The village seems idyllic, but there are mysterious things happening. During these events, there are sequences about women trading bottles with unknown liquids. From time to time a man dies and the collective village walks up with a chest and comforts the widow. The postwoman also shows up from time to time and gives the widow her dead mother's pension. It all seems harmless and normal life continues after the burials. When a fisherman disappears, a local policeman is determined to find out what happened to the fisherman and eventually finds out at the end when he sees the mailman appear with a package for the widow. With  no dialogue in the movie, it seems the events around the villagers, animals, and plants have no meaning. However, at the end of the movie there is a wedding where some girls sing an old folksong which reveals the murder-mystery."] ["During a formal dinner party at the lavish mansion of Señor Edmundo Nobile and his wife, Lucia, the servants unaccountably leave their posts until only the major-domo is left. After dinner the guests adjourn to the music room, where one of the women, Blanca, plays a piano sonata. Later, when they might normally be expected to return home, the guests unaccountably remove their jackets, loosen their gowns, and settle down for the night on couches, chairs and the floor.  By morning it is apparent that, for some inexplicable reason, they are psychologically, but not physically, trapped in the music room. Unable to leave, the guests consume what little water and food is left from the previous night's party. Days pass, and their plight intensifies; they become quarrelsome, hostile, and hysterical - only Dr. Carlos Conde, applying logic and reason, manages to keep his cool and guide the guests through the ordeal. One of the guests, the elderly Sergio Russell, dies, and his body is placed in a large cupboard. Béatriz and Eduardo, a young couple about to be married, lock themselves in a closet and commit suicide. Eventually, several sheep and a bear break loose from their bonds and find their way to the room; the guests take in the sheep and proceed to slaughter and roast them on fires made from floorboards and broken furniture. Dr. Conde reveals to Nobile that one of his patients, Leonora, is dying from cancer and accepts a secret supply of morphine from the host to keep her fit. The supply of drugs is however stolen by Francis and Juana, an incestuous brother and sister. Ana, a crazed guest and a practitioner of witchcraft, invokes the demons of hell while lapsing into feverish hallucinations. Eventually, Raúl suggests that Nobile is responsible for their predicament and that he must be sacrificed. Only Dr. Conde and the noble Colonel Alvaro oppose the angry mob claiming Nobile's blood. As Nobile offers to take his own life, a young, foreign guest, Letitia  sees that they are all in the same positions as when their plight began. Obeying her instructions, the group starts reconstructing their conversation and movements from the night of the party and discover that they are then free to leave the room. Outside the manor, the guests are greeted by the local police and the servants that had left the house on the night of the party. To give thanks for their salvation, the guests attend a Te Deum at the cathedral. When the service is over, the churchgoers along with the clergy are also trapped. It is not entirely clear though, whether those that were trapped in the house before are now trapped again. They seem to have disappeared. The situation in the church is followed by a riot on the streets and the military step in to brutally clamp down on the rioters. The last scene shows a pack of sheep entering the church in a row, accompanied by the sound of gunshots."] ['It is a story of 15-year-old Aditya  and his voyeuristic love of his nameless neighbor  featuring bathroom masturbation scenes &mdash; which are virtually unseen in Bollywood. Soon Aditya’s hobby turns into infatuation as he begins to follow her movements closely. He feels sexually drawn towards her when he sees her coming out of her bath, her hair dripping wet. He feels jealous when he catches her making love with her boyfriend . Manisha is unaware of her secret admirer. When the boy musters up the courage and speaks his heart to her, she takes it in her stride and gives him a little teaser on adolescent love.'] ['Wataru Hirayama  is a wealthy Tokyo businessman who acts as a go-between for couples seeking marriages. When an old schoolmate Mikami  approaches him for help concerning his daughter Fumiko , who has run off owing to a conflict with her father, he agrees. Finding her in a bar where she now works, he listens to her side of the story. Fumiko complains that her father is stubborn, insisting on arranging her marriage, whereas she has now fallen in love with a musician and is adamant to lead life her own way. One day during work, a young man named Taniguchi  approaches Hirayama to ask for the hand of his elder daughter, Setsuko . Hirayama is extremely unhappy that his daughter has made wedding plans on her own. He confronts her at home, during which he blows his top, and rules that she must remain locked at home until she sees the folly of her ways. Hirayama tries to find out more about Taniguchi from his subordinate. Owing to the standoff, his daughter\'s friend Yukiko  tries a ruse in which she asks Hirayama opinion concerning a similar situation – her mother forcing her to marry someone she didn\'t like. When Hirayama advises her to ignore her mother, Yukiko reveals it is all a setup and states that Hirayama has just given his consent to Setsuko\'s marriage. Hirayama\'s wife Kiyoko  tries unsuccessfully to make him change his mind. She accuses her husband of being "inconsistent". Even his younger daughter Hisako  is on the side of her sister, finding her father too old-fashioned. Finally, after the couple\'s insistence on getting married, Hirayama decides to give in by attending his daughter\'s wedding. After the wedding, Mikami reveals that he, like Hirayama, has agreed to let his daughter select her own marriage partner. After going for a short business trip outside Tokyo, Hirayama decides to visit the newly-weds at Hiroshima by train, where Taniguchi is stationed by his company.'] ["Psychologist Kris Kelvin  spends his last day on Earth reflecting on his life while walking by a lake near his childhood home where his elderly father still lives. Kelvin is about to embark on an interstellar journey to a space station orbiting the remote oceanic planet Solaris. After decades of study, the scientific mission at the space station has barely progressed. To make matters worse, most of the crew has succumbed to a series of emotional crises. Kelvin is dispatched to evaluate the situation aboard ship and determine whether the venture should continue. Henri Berton , a former space pilot, visits Kelvin. They watch film footage of Berton's own testimony years before of seeing an over-sized child on the ocean surface of Solaris while searching for two lost scientists. However, the cameras of his craft recorded only clouds and the flat ocean surface; Berton's report was dismissed as hallucinations. After failing to convince Kelvin of the truth of his experience, Berton leaves angrily only to later call Kelvin. He explains that he met the child of a scientist lost in that mission, and the child was reminiscent of the one he saw on Solaris. Before departing Earth for Solaris, Kelvin destroys most of his personal mementos in a bonfire, noting the volume of keepsakes he has accumulated. In Kelvin's last conversation with his father , they realize that the father will not live to see Kelvin return. Although he readily accepted the mission, it is a choice that weighs heavily upon Kelvin's conscience. Upon arrival at the Solaris space station, none of the three remaining scientists meet Kelvin, who finds the disarrayed space station dangerously neglected. He soon learns that his friend among the scientists, Dr. Gibarian , has mysteriously died. The two surviving crewmen are unhelpful, and give contradicting and confusing information. However, Kelvin soon glimpses other people aboard the station. While Kelvin sends news of the chaos on board the station, the oceans of Solaris begin swirling on the planet's surface. Waking exhausted from a restless sleep, Kelvin finds a woman with him in his quarters despite the barricaded door. To his surprise, it is Hari , his late wife who committed suicide some years before. However, she is unaware of having committed suicide on Earth, and she is equally puzzled as to her presence in Kelvin's quarters. Grasping that she is a psychological construct brought on by the mysterious effects of Solaris, he lures her to a spacecraft and launches the illusion of his wife into outer space. In his haste to be rid of her, he is burned by the rocket’s blast. Dr. Snaut tends his burns and explains that the “visitors” began appearing after the scientists attracted the attention of Solaris, seemingly a sentient entity. That evening, Hari reappears in his quarters. This time calm, Kelvin embraces Hari through the night. Later, Kelvin causes her to panic when she discovers the clothes of the first apparition and tries to leave the room. She beats her way through the room’s metal door, severely cutting herself. Kelvin carries her back to his bed, where her injuries heal before his eyes. Dr. Sartorius  calls for a meeting, and Kelvin introduces Hari as his wife, insisting they treat her respectfully. In their symposium, the scientists begin to understand that Solaris created Hari from Kelvin’s memories of his dead wife. The Hari present among them, though not human, thinks and feels as though she were. Sartorius theorizes the visitors are composed of neutrinos and that it might be possible to destroy them. Kelvin shows Hari films of himself and his parents when he was a boy and, later, of his wife. While she is asleep, Snaut proposes beaming Kelvin’s brainwave patterns at Solaris in hopes that it will understand them and stop the disturbing apparitions as communication. However, Sartorius suggests a radical attack of heavy radiation bombardment. In time, Hari becomes independent and is able to exist beyond Kelvin’s sight. She learns from Sartorius that the original Hari had committed suicide ten years earlier, and Kelvin is forced to tell her the entire story. Distressed, Hari kills herself again by drinking liquid oxygen, only to painfully, spasmodically resurrect a few minutes later. On the surface of Solaris, the ocean is moving even faster. In a fevered sleep, Kelvin dreams of his mother and of many Haris walking about his quarters. When he awakens, Hari is gone, and Snaut reads him the good-bye note she wrote him. The note indicates that Hari asked the scientists to kill her. Snaut tells Kelvin that since they broadcast Kelvin’s brainwaves at Solaris, the visitors stopped appearing, and islands began forming on the planet's surface. Kelvin debates whether or not to return to Earth or to descend to Solaris in hope of reconnecting with everything he has loved and lost. Again at the shore of the frozen lake, Kelvin finds himself at his father's house. His dog runs to him, and he happily walks towards it. He realizes something is wrong when he sees water is falling inside the house but is unnoticed by his father, who appears in the house. Father and son embrace on the front step of the lakeside house, on an island in the middle of an ocean on Solaris."] ['A Generation is set in Wola, a working-class section of Warsaw, in 1942 and tells the stories of two young men at odds with the Nazi occupation of Poland. The young protagonist, Stach , is living in squalor on the outskirts of the city and carrying out wayward acts of theft and rebellion. After a friend is killed attempting to heist coal from a German supply train, he finds work as an apprentice at a workshop, where he becomes involved in an underground communist resistance cell guided first by friendly journeyman there who in turn introduces Stach to the beautiful Dorota . An outsider, Jasio Krone , the temperamental son of an elderly veteran, is initially reluctant to join the struggle but finally commits himself, running relief operations in the Jewish ghetto during the uprising there.'] ["Keng , is a soldier assigned to a post in a small city in rural Thailand. The troops' main duties, it seems, is to investigate the mysterious slaying of cattle at local farms. While in the field one day, Keng meets Tong . Later, Keng sees Tong riding in a truck in town. The two men have made a connection and embark on a romance, taking trips in the countryside. Then one night, the country boy wanders off into the dark. The film's narrative abruptly shifts to a different story, about a soldier  sent alone into the woods to find a lost villager. In the woods, the soldier encounters the spirit of a tiger shaman , who taunts and bedevils the soldier, causing him to run through the woods and become lost and isolated himself."] ['Tati’s use of the word “trafic” instead of the usual French word for car traffic  may derive from a desire to use the same franglais he used when he called his previous film Play Time, and the primary meaning of trafic is “exchange of goods,” rather than "traffic" per se.Judith Crist, “A Honey of a Jam,” New York Magazine, Dec 11, 1972. Vol. 5, No. 50.'] ['The core plot begins with the kidnapping of Patrick, the son of a wealthy industrialist. Sexual and romantic engtanglements push the drama forward. At the film\'s climax, Gudrun delivers a soliloquy on the importance of personal life in revolution. She puts particular emphasis on the breaking of heterosexual and possessive sexual norms, urging her comrades to join "The Homosexual Intifada". The pressure of Gudrun\'s controlling personality causes the group to break up. Most of the urban guerrillas escape into the night. In the dénouement, the characters are visited some time later. Several have found happiness in the homosexual relationships established during their revolutionary activities. Che has become a terrorist trainer in the Middle East. Patrick escapes with Clyde, where they embark on a spree of bank robberies. This action is reminiscent of Patty Hearst\'s actions with the SLA. Gudrun and Holger settle down and have a child named Ulrike , whom Gudrun believes could embody the next generation of the Red Army Faction.'] ['Séverine Serizy , a young and beautiful housewife, is unable to share physical intimacy with her husband, Dr. Pierre Serizy , despite their love for each other. Her sexual life is restricted to elaborate fantasies involving domination, sadomasochism, and bondage. Although frustrated by his wife\'s frigidity toward him, he respects her wishes. While visiting a ski resort, they meet two friends, Henri Husson  and Renée . Séverine does not like Husson\'s manner and the way he looks at her. Back in Paris, Séverine meets up with Renée and learns that a mutual friend, Henrietta, now works at a brothel. At her home, Séverine receives roses from Husson and is unsettled by the gesture. At the tennis courts, she meets Husson and they discuss Henrietta and houses of pleasure. Husson mentions a high-class brothel to Séverine at 11 Cite Jean de Saumer. He also confesses his desire for her, but Séverine rejects his advances. Haunted by childhood memories involving her father, Séverine goes to the high-class brothel, which is run by Madame Anaïs . That afternoon Séverine services her first client. Reluctant at first, she responds to the "firm hand" of Madame Anaïs, who names her \'Belle de Jour\', and has sex with the stranger. After staying away for a week, Séverine returns to the brothel and begins working from two to five o\'clock each day, returning to her unsuspecting husband in the evenings. One day Husson comes to visit her at home, but Séverine refuses to see him. Still she fantasizes about having sex with him in her husband\'s presence. Ironically, Séverine\'s physical relationship with her husband is improving and she begins sleeping with him. Séverine becomes involved with a young gangster, Marcel , who offers her the kind of thrills and excitement of her fantasies. When Marcel becomes increasingly jealous and demanding, Séverine decides to leave the brothel, with Madame Anaïs\' agreement. Séverine is also concerned about Husson who knows about her secret life at the brothel. One of Marcel\'s gangster associates follows Séverine to her home, and soon Marcel visits her and threatens to reveal her secret life to her husband. Séverine pleads with him to leave her home, and after some time he does. Marcel waits downstairs for Pierre to return home and shoots him three times before escaping. He is eventually tracked down and shot dead by the police. Séverine\'s husband survives, but is left in a coma. The police are unable to find a motive for the attempted murder. Sometime later Séverine is at home taking care of Pierre who is now completely paralyzed and in a wheelchair. Husson visits him and tells Pierre the truth about his wife\'s secret life; she does not try to stop him. Afterwards, Séverine dreams that her husband is healthy again and they are happy.'] ['The film starts in Germany in 1943. During an Allied bombing raid Maria  marries the soldier Hermann Braun . After "half a day and a whole night" together, Hermann returns to the front. Postwar, Maria is told that Hermann has been killed. Maria starts work as a hostess in a bar frequented by American soldiers. She has a relationship with an African-American soldier Bill , who supports her and gives her nylon stockings and cigarettes. She becomes pregnant by Bill. Hermann, who was not killed, returns home to discover Maria and Bill undressing each other. A fight between Hermann and Bill ensues. When Hermann seems in danger Maria unintentionally kills Bill striking his head with a full bottle. Maria is tried by a military tribune, and expresses her love for both Bill and Hermann - Hermann is so struck with Maria\'s devotion that he takes the blame for the killing and is imprisoned. Maria likely aborts her pregnancy and asks her doctor promise to maintain the grave. On the train home, Maria catches the eye of a wealthy industrialist, Karl Oswald . Oswald, an older man, offers her a position as his assistant, and shortly thereafter Maria becomes his mistress to "maintain the upper hand". Maria visits Hermann again and tells him about the development, promising that their life will start as soon as he is released. Maria becomes wealthy and buys a house. Oswald visits Hermann and offers to make him and Maria heirs to his wealth if Hermann deserts Maria after his release. Neither man tells Maria of their agreement. On release, Hermann emigrates to Canada and sends Maria a red rose each month to remind her he still loves her. Following Oswald\'s death Hermann returns to Germany and to Maria. When Oswald\'s will is read by the executor Senkenberg  Maria hears about Oswald\'s agreement with Hermann. Distressed, Maria lights a cigarette and dies when the gas explodes. She had left the gas knob turned on from lighting a previous cigarette.'] ["All About Lily Chou-Chou follows two boys, Shuusuke Hoshino and Yuichi Hasumi, from the start of junior middle school when they first meet, and into second grade. The film has a discontinuous storyline, starting midway through the story, just after the second term of junior high school begins, then flashes back to the first term and summer vacation, and then skips back to the present. In elementary school, Hoshino was one of the best students in school, but was picked on by his classmates. Hoshino and Hasumi meet and become friends when they join the kendo club, and Hoshino invites Hasumi to stay over at his house. Hoshino's family is wealthy in comparison to Hasumi's family. Hasumi mistakes Hoshino's attractive young mother for his sister. The kendo club summer camp training is tough, and Hoshino, Hasumi and some other first-grade boys decide to take a trip to Okinawa. Once there, Hoshino has a traumatic near-death experience and his personality changes from good-natured to dangerous and manipulative. Back at school in September for second term, he takes his place as class bully and shows his newfound power by ruining the lives of his classmates. An alternative voice, that of the character Sumika Kanzaki, attributes Hoshino's personality change to the collapse of his family's business and his parent's divorce; this matches several scenes connecting the decline of Hoshino – who has had to change his name – to divorce. Hasumi, the confused and shy former friend of Hoshino, finds himself sucked into his now-tormentor's gang. He is ridiculed and coerced into doing Hoshino's dirty work, and finds solace only in the ethereal music Lily Chou-Chou makes, and acting as web editor for his fan website. Things become far worse for everyone when Hasumi is assigned to supervising Shiori Tsuda, whom Hoshino has blackmailed into enjo kōsai, and another girl is raped by Hoshino's lackeys after unwittingly offending the school's girl gang. The whole quagmire comes to a head when Hasumi heads to Tokyo to see a Lily Chou-Chou concert, and encounters the last person he thought would be there. The story of Hoshino and Hasumi is paralleled by messages posted to a Lily Chou-Chou Internet message board which are displayed on screen. Until the meeting at the concert, it is left up to the viewer to figure out which characters in the story are posting under what names."] ['The daughter of an economically middle-class family fails to return home one night. Her family worries, make searches and evolves into a deep crisis, more so because she is the only bread winner in the family. Overcoming the economic and social constraints, the film has a deep underlining of hidden strength.'] ["The film takes place during a hot summer in 1958 at a seaside town in the Inland Sea. A troupe of travelling theatre arrives by ship, headed by the troupe's lead actor and owner, Komajuro . The rest of the troupe goes around the town to promote their kabuki acts. Komajuro visits his former mistress, Oyoshi, who runs a small eatery in the town. They have a grown-up son Kiyoshi, who now works at the post office as a mail clerk and is saving up to go to the university. However, he does not know who Komajuro is, thinking he is his uncle. Komajuro invites Kiyoshi to go fishing in the sea. When Sumiko, the lead actress of the troupe and Komajuro's current mistress, learns that Komajuro is visiting his former mistress, she becomes jealous and makes a visit to Oyoshi's eatery, where Kiyoshi and Komajuro are playing a game of go. Komajuro chases her away before she can say anything destructive, then confronts her in the pouring rain. He tells her to get off her back from his son, and decides to break up with her. Sumiko calls Komajuro an ingrate, and cites examples when she has helped him out in the past. Backstage one day, Sumiko offers Kayo, a pretty young actress from the same troupe, some money and asks her to seduce Kiyoshi. Although Kayo at first refuses, she gives in after Sumiko's insistence. She goes to Kiyoshi's post office to make him fall for her. However, after knowing Kiyoshi for some time, she falls for him and decides to tell Kiyoshi the truth. Kiyoshi says it does not matter how it all starts. The two then engage in a relationship which only later is found out by Komajuro. Komajuro confronts Kayo, who tells him of Sumiko's setup, but only after asserting she now loves Kiyoshi and is not doing it for money. Komajuro has a violent confrontation with Sumiko, and refuses to listen to her plea for a reconciliation. The manager of the troupe has absconded, and business is bad. Komajuro has no choice but to disband the troupe, and they have a last night together. Komajuro then goes to Oyoshi's place and tells her of his troupe's break-up. Oyoshi persuades him to tell Kiyoshi the truth about his parenthood and then stay together her place as a family. Komajuro agrees. When Kiyoshi later comes back with Kayo, Komajuro becomes so enraged to see them together that he beats both of them repeatedly, leading to a physical tussle between Kiyoshi and him. Oyoshi is forced to reveal to him the truth about his birth there, but Kiyoshi refuses to accept it and goes to his room upstairs. Taking in Kiyoshi's reaction, Komajuro decides to leave after all. Kayo wants to join him, but Komajuro asks her to stay to help Kiyoshi out. Kiyoshi later has a change of heart and goes downstairs to look for Komajuro, but his father has already left. At the train station, Komajuro tries to light a cigarette but has no matches. Sumiko, who is sitting nearby, comes up and offers him a light. Sumiko asks where Komajuro is going, since she has now no place to go. The two reconcile and Sumiko decides to join Komajuro to start anew under another impresario at Kuwana. The last scene of the film shows Komajuro, tended by Sumiko, in a train heading for Kuwana."] ['Flama  and Moko  are two 14-year-olds who have been friends since childhood. One Sunday afternoon, Flama invites Moko to play videogames while his mother is not home. There they have everything they need to survive such as videogames, pizza delivery, sodas, manga pornography and... no parents. But when the power goes out what seemed like a regular day becomes an adventure.'] ["The Virgin Spring tells the story, set in medieval Sweden, of a prosperous Christian whose daughter, Karin  is appointed to take candles to the church. Karin is accompanied by her pregnant maid servant, Ingeri , who secretly worships the Norse deity Odin. Along their way through the forest on horseback, the two part, and Karin sets out on her own. Ingeri encounters a one-eyed man at a stream-side mill, converses briefly with him, and then flees in terror. Karin meets three herdsmen , and invites them to eat her lunch with her. Eventually, the two older men rape and murder Karin . The two older men then leave the scene with Karin's clothing. The younger  is left with the body to watch the sheep. He obviously takes the situation poorly because he quickly becomes sick with guilt. The herders then, unknowingly, seek shelter at the home of the murdered girl. Her parents, played by Max von Sydow and Birgitta Valberg, discover that the goat herders murdered their daughter when the goat herders offer to sell Karin's clothes to her mother. In a rage, the father locks the trio in the chamber and kills them. The next day, the parents set out to find their daughter's body, with the help of Ingeri. Her father vows that, although he cannot understand why God would allow such a thing to happen, he will build a church at the site of his daughter's death because his conscience is forcing him to atone. As her parents lift her head from the ground, a spring begins to flow from where she was lying. Ingeri then begins to wash herself with the water, and Karin's parents clean her muddied face."] ['The film was set in 1920s and depicts a rural village in Karnataka, where a young widow, the daughter of a village scholar who runs a local school, finds herself pregnant after being seduced by a teacher. While the girl remains unaware of the happenings within and around her, she is excommunicated by her father, who performs her funeral rites , while she is still alive. A little boy through whose eyes the entire story is perceived goes back home, after the school is closed down following the incident. This movie also shows a clear picture of caste division amongst Brahmins and Shudras  in quite a few scenes - when the little boy tries to touch the shudra slave he actually runs away saying it is not possible., and before the climax scene where the Shudra slave says to the main priest "He had saved his daughter  even from the snakes, but could not save her from a Brahmin."'] ["Frédéric , a young, successful lawyer, is happily married to Hélène , an English teacher, and father to one child, with another on the way. Still, something eats away at him. While going through his day, Frédéric begins to ponder the times before he was married, when he was free to be with any woman he wanted and could feel the deep satisfaction of anticipation while he chased them. At one point in the film, he has an elaborate fantasy where he possesses a magical amulet that causes all women to bow to his will . These thoughts do not distress Frédéric though, as he sees these ideas as a reflection of how true his love to his wife is. One day, an old friend shows up suddenly at Frédéric's office. Chloé ([[Zouzou  was the girlfriend of an old friend, a woman who caused his friend a great deal of grief. At first he believes she only wants something from him, but over time, as she tries a series of jobs to attempt some type of solidity in her life, the two begin spending afternoons together, talking of many things Frédéric finds himself unable to talk to his wife about. Eventually, Chloé confesses that while she does not desire marriage she would like to have a child, and wants the child to be from him. In a minor state of mental anguish, Frédéric ponders the paths of staying with a wife that he loves greatly or going with a woman for whom he feels a strange deep passion. In the moments before it seems Frédéric will consummate his feelings for Chloé he flees back to his wife, leaving Chloé sprawled on her bed waiting for him. It is not shown what happens to Chloé, but upon Frédéric's return to Hélène the tears that spill from her show that something definite yet not altogether dire has changed between the two of them."] ["Anna, a modern day Parisian psychologist, is researching the cases of women who committed suicide in the 20th Century. She becomes fascinated by the story of Antonieta Rivas Mercado, a Mexican writer and social activist who committed suicide inside Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris. To find more about Antonieta's story, Anna travels to Mexico and interviews people who knew her. She receives her first clues about Antonieta's life from Juana, a Mexican librarian who frames the live of Antonieta Rivas Mercado within a stormy period of Mexico's history, the political turmoil of the 1910s-1920s. Antonieta's personal life was as dark and dramatic as that of her era. She was a daughter of a famous architect and as a child she posed for the golden angel atop the famous column of Independence in Mexico City. Vargas, a poet, now a middle-aged man, recounts for Ana the life of Antonieta when he met her and they were friends. The story moves back and forth between present and past. As a young woman, Antonieta married but left her husband and fell madly in love with the painter Manuel Rodríguez Lozano. The painter was married and Antonieta's feelings remained unrequited because Manuel was homosexual. Their Platonic relationship lasted for several years during which she wrote him many lover letters, later published in a book. Leon, a Mexican historian, further illustrates Antonieta's life for Anna. Still in love with the painter, Antonieta meets José Vasconcelos, a Mexican intellectual who is running for president of the country on the platform of offering education to the masses. Antonieta, is drawn into the idealist politician, becoming Vasconcelos’ lover and prime advisory. After Vasconcelos is politically defeated, she accompanies him in exile to Paris. They have lost their political idealism. She begs him to tell her if he still needs her. He replies that, really no one needs anyone, only God. Antonieta committees her last dramatic act, by pressing a pistol to her heart in the pews of Notre Dame."] ['The owner of an IT company wishes to sell it. But, for years, he has pretended that the real boss lives in America and communicates with the staff only by e-mail. That way, all the unpopular decisions can be attributed to the absentee manager, while all the popular ones to him directly. But now, the prospective buyer insists on meeting the big boss in person. In a panic, the owner hires a failed, over-intellectualizing actor to portray this imaginary boss, and the actor proceeds to improvise all his lines, to the consternation of both the buyer and the company staff, who finally get to meet their ghostly boss.'] ['The main character, Vicky, portrayed by actress Shu Qi narrates from 2011 about her life 10 years earlier. She describes her youth and story of her changing life at the beginning of the new Millennium. She works as a hostess in a trendy bar. Vicky is torn between two men, Hao-Hao and Jack, and her journeys display the parallel journey of the psyche and how one girl deals with her fleeting youth.'] ['{{Plot}} The opening scene is inspired by "The Kiss", a short story by Spanish post-romanticist writer Gustavo Adolfo Bécquer. Toledo, 1808. The city has been occupied by French Napoleonic troops. A firing squad executes a small group of Spanish rebels who cry out "Long live chains!" or "Death to the gabachos!" -a Spanish pejorative term for "Frenchmen"-. The troops are encamped in a Catholic church which they desecrate by drinking, singing, and eating the communion wafers. The captain caresses a statue of Doña Elvira de Castañeda and is knocked unconscious by the statue of her husband, Don Pedro López de Ayala. In revenge, the captain exhumes Doña Elvira\'s body to find her face has not decomposed; there is a suggestion of intended necrophilia. Cut to the present day where a nanny is reading the voice-over from a book whilst seated on a park bench. The children in her care are given some pictures by a strange man in the park. There are implications of child abduction or pedophilia. Cut to a close-up of a spider and the interior of a bourgeois apartment where a man is "fed up with symmetry" as he rearranges his mantelpiece. The children arrive home and show the pictures to their parents who are shocked that the girls have such images. The parents are disgusted and yet erotically stimulated by the images. When we see the images, they are revealed as picture postcards of French architecture. The parents then let the children keep the pictures and dismiss the nanny. At bedtime, the husband cannot sleep as he is woken in the night by a cockerel, a postman and an emu wandering through his bedroom. In the next scene, the husband visits his doctor, who dismisses these nighttime experiences as apparitions despite the fact that the husband has physical evidence in the form of a letter from the nocturnal postman. The evidence is never considered as the doctor\'s nurse interrupts the conversation to tell her employer that she must visit her sick father. The nurse drives through a rainy night, meeting a military tank on the road that is apparently hunting foxes. The soldiers tell her that the road ahead is blocked. The nurse drives to an isolated hotel. A storm breaks as the nurse checks in at the small rural hotel. Some Carmelite monks are also staying at the hotel. She takes supper in her room while a flamenco dancer and guitarist perform in an adjacent room. The monks interrupt her as she is dressing for bed. They offer to use a holy effigy and prayer to assist her sick father, they begin to pray. Time has passed and the monks are playing a game of poker with the nurse and the hotel manager, gambling with holy relics, smoking and drinking alcohol. That same night, some new guests arrive at the hotel: a young man and his aunt. The young nephew has brought his aunt to the hotel for an incestuous affair – yet another sexual taboo is addressed. They retire to their room, the elderly aunt confesses that she is a virgin, when the nephew pulls back the sheets to look at her naked body, she has the body of a young woman. The nephew is refused by his aunt and leaves his room to join another couple  for a drink. The nurse and the four monks are also invited into the hatter\'s room. While the guests are socializing, the hatter\'s assistant dons a dominatrix outfit with a whip. The hatter, who is wearing bottomless trousers, proceeds to be masochistically flagellated by his assistant in front of the other guests who are shocked and leave. The nephew returns to his aunt, who is now willing to make love with him. The next morning, the nurse leaves for the town of Argenton, giving a lift to another resident who is breakfasting in the bar. This resident is a professor at the police academy. He is dropped off at work where he gives a lecture to a class of delinquent policemen, who behave like schoolchildren, on the subject of the relativism of laws, customs and taboos. The lecture is constantly interrupted, either by the police being called away to respond to crimes being committed, or their own childish pranks, until only two officers are left in the class. The professor continues, using a dinner party at his friends’ house to illustrate a point he is making. We then cut to the ‘dinner’ party which is being held in a modern bourgeois apartment. The guests are seated around the table on flushing toilets. They politely discuss various issues around the topic of defecation whilst publicly using the toilets that they are sitting on. When a guest is hungry, he excuses himself and retires to the dining room, a private cubicle, to eat food. We cut back to the police lecture. The two policeman go on duty where they stop a speeding motorist  who is rushing to see his doctor. Mr. Legendre is eventually told by his doctor that he has cancer and offered a cigarette, he slaps his doctor and returns home. Once home, he tells his wife that nothing is wrong with him. They receive a phone call informing them that their daughter has disappeared from school. We now cut to the school where the teachers insist that the little girl has vanished despite the fact that she is physically present. Her disappearance is reported to the police, the girl is present but none of the adults admit to her presence. In this absurdist scene, she is there – the adults are able to see and speak to her – yet they act as if she is missing. We follow one of the policemen, who is having his shoes shined. We then follow the man who is sitting next to him to the top of a tower block. This man is a sniper who randomly kills people in the streets below. He is arrested, found guilty, and sentenced to death but leaves the courtroom to be treated as a celebrity. Mr. Legendre is called to see the Prefect of Police who returns the missing daughter. The Prefect is about to read a letter explaining how the girl was found - reading the very same narrative that the nanny was reading at the beginning of the film - but is interrupted and leaves to visit a bar. In the bar, he meets a woman who looks like his dead sister . He then receives a phone call from his dead sister, asking him to meet her at the mausoleum. When he visits the cemetery at night, he finds a telephone in the crypt by his sister\'s coffin. Her hair is hanging out of the coffin. He is suddenly arrested for desecration by officers who refuse to believe that he is the Prefect of Police. The Prefect is taken to his office, where a different man takes his place. The two men treat each other cordially and discuss crowd control as if they are acquainted. We see the animals in the zoo, the two police chiefs arrive, and direct police control of an unseen riot. The film ends with a close-up shot of an ostrich\'s head.'] ["Highly skilled engineer Jan Rudinski  comes to a mining town to install new heavy equipment. While in a barber shop, he asks his pretty blond hairdresser Rajka  if she knows where he can get a room for a few weeks. She does, in her parents' home, where she also lives. She soon starts flirting with her much older lodger, while also fending off the advances of a handsome young truck driver . In an unrelated subplot, mine worker Barbulovic  gets into one mess after another. He is arrested for starting a bar brawl in which the singer, Fatima, is stabbed. He is released after a few days, and complains to his manager about his docked pay, to no avail. When his wife  returns home from a visit, she discovers that three of her dresses are missing. She accuses him of giving them to his mistress. When she sees the other woman wearing one of them at the market, she attacks her rival. They are taken to the police station, but let go with some advice. With her parents away for several days, Rajka invites Jan to sleep with her. The middle-aged man hesitates, concerned about the age difference between them, but soon gives in. They are happy together. When she expresses concern that his work is nearly over and he will be leaving soon, he tells her he will take her with him. Rajka's parents return and learn what has been going on, whereupon they berate the couple. Jan is asked to complete his work several days ahead of schedule so the plant can be part of a big export deal. When he drives his crew to finish the job as requested, a government representative from Belgrade comes to present him with a medal for his long exemplary service. Jan is puzzled when Rajka does not show up at a concert and banquet in his honor. She, it turns out, has succumbed to the charms of the truck driver. Jan asks her afterward if she has another lover. When she is evasive, he asks how old his rival is; she answers 20 or 22, but claims it does not matter to their relationship. This does not appease his anger, and she flees."] ["On a foggy night, Jean , an army deserter, catches a ride to the port city of Le Havre. Hoping to start over, Jean finds himself in a lonely bar at the far edge of town. But, while getting a good meal and civilian clothes, Jean meets Nelly , a 17 year-old who has run away from her godfather, Zabel, who she lives with. Jean and Nelly spend time together over the following days, but they are often interrupted by Zabel who is also in love with her, and Lucien, a gangster who is looking for Nelly's ex-boyfriend, Maurice, who has recently gone missing. When Nelly finds out that her godfather killed Maurice out of jealousy, she uses the information to blackmail him and prevent him from telling the police that Jean is a deserter. While the two are in love, Jean must leave Nelly behind and makes plans to leave on a boat for Venezuela. At the last minute Jean decides to turn around and saves Nelly from the hands of Zabel, but gets shot in the back by Lucien."] ['Vishwam  is the youngest brother of the powerful and influential village Zamindar . The Zamindar will not hesitate to do anything for the welfare and protection of his family, which also includes bending the law to his own advantage. The shy and quiet Vishwam is married to Rukmani  and, unlike his brothers, does not indulge in alcohol or women, nor does he have any bad habits. Then the village gets a new schoolmaster , who has a wife, Sushila . When Vishwam sees her for the first time, he is unable to take his eyes off her, and unable to get her out of his mind. Sushila does not reciprocate his attentions. Then one night, while the schoolmaster is enjoying a quiet dinner with his family, the bell rings and the two older brothers of Vishwam grab Sushila and take her forcibly when she goes to answer the door. Several people are present, but no one dares to raise a hand nor even a voice to stop this abduction. The distraught schoolteacher, who is denied justice by everyone from the local police officer to the district collector, is helped by the old priest  and finally they succeed in mobilizing the villagers and they slaughter their oppressors. In the end the frenzied villagers also kill the innocent Rukmani as well as Sushila whom her husband tried to rescue with the help of the rebellious villagers.Plot summary'] ['Viviane , the wife of the French consul in Melbourne, joins a group of explorers in search of a mysterious hidden valley in the bush of New Guinea, where she hopes to find the feathers of an extremely rare exotic bird. Along the way through the dense jungles of Papua New Guinea and on the peak of Mount Gilowe, she and the small group of explorers make contact with the Mapuga tribe, one of the most isolated groups of human beings on earth, who inspire them to explore their own humanity, unfettered by their own subjective ideas of "civilization". The search becomes a search for a paradise said to exist within a valley marked as "obscured by clouds" on the maps.'] ['Two men, Peter and John, are making a modern pilgrimage from Paris to Santiago de Compostela along the traditional Way of St. James. As they walk along a roadside in France, they encounter a man in a black cape who tells them to sleep with a prostitute and have children with her. Then the pilgrims reach an inn, wherein an officer and a priest are discussing the nature of the eucharist and whether the body of Christ enters it by transubstantiation or consubstantiation. The discussion ends absurdly as the priest is taken away by doctors from a nearby mental hospital. Later on, the pilgrims find shelter for the night on a farm while a secret Priscillian sect is meeting nearby. The secret service involves ritual repetition, a short statement of faith, followed by sexual encounters between the male and female congregation. Next, the pilgrims seek food from an upscale restaurant, wherein the restaurant owner is explaining to his staff controversy of the divinity of Jesus Christ as debated during the First Council of Nicaea. Later on, the pilgrims observe an automobile accident. As they investigate the accident, they encounter a strange man who may be Death or one of his helpers, and this strange man gives one of the pilgrims the dead man\'s shoes. Further on, the pilgrims pass by a boarding school and watch the children perform for their parents and teachers. As a class of young girls recites heresies and proclaim them "anathema", one of the pilgrims imagines the execution of a pope by a band of revolutionaries. Then the pilgrims come across a chapel, wherein a group of Jansenist nuns is nailing one nun to a wooden cross. Outside, a Jesuit and a Jansenist have a sword duel while arguing over doctrines of predestination and irresistible grace for sinners. Finally, the two pilgrims reach Spain, where they agree to take care of the mule for two other men. These new men leave the pilgrims travel to a nearby chapel where they watch the official desecration of a priest\'s grave because of the discovery of heretical posthumous writings regarding the nature of the trinity. The two men proclaim loudly that the Godhead is not trinitarian and escape. In the forest, they switch clothes with some hunters swimming in a lake, and they discard a rosary discovered in one of their pockets. Later that night, the vision of the Virgin Mary appears to them and returns the rosary. The two men and the original pilgrims meet again at an inn, where they tell a local priest about their recent miraculous vision. The priest recounts another miracle, in which the Virgin Mary takes the form and duties of an errant nun for several years until the nun returns to the convent as if she had never left. Later that night, the priest further explains how her immaculate conception and role as the mother of Christ requires that her virginity must have remained intact during the physical birth of Jesus, like "sunshine penetrating a window". When the pilgrims reach Santiago de Compostela, they meet a prostitute who wants to become pregnant and gives the same names for the children as those predicted by the man in the cape at the beginning of the film. In the last scene in the film, two modern blind men encounter Jesus and his disciples. Their blindness is healed but are then ignored as they ask for help to understand what they are seeing for the first time.'] ["Chameli is the story of a prostitute played by Kareena Kapoor. Aman Kapoor  an investment banker, lost his pregnant wife, Neha  in a car accident on a rainy night. The accident left him depressed and lonely. He drowned his grief with alcohol and smoking. Chameli  is a prostitute who was sold to a brothel by her uncle when she was young. She is now a tough, street-smart woman. On one rainy night, Aman and Chameli, two strangers, meet each other in South Mumbai. The movie starts with Aman narrating, in a party he is throwing but is reluctant to attend. He gets in his car after it starts raining to go home, but at the gate of his residence he decides to go elsewhere. On the way his car breaks down, and his cell phone battery dies and he takes refuge in an alleyway where he meets Chameli. She is plying her trade, and offers him a match for his cigarette. He is initially repulsed by her, but when he scares off a potential customer, he offers to pay for her missed wages. At this point, a young boy comes selling coffee and cigarettes. Chameli is familiar with him and pays his school fees. He promises to come back with a mechanic to fix Aman's stalled vehicle. Next to appear is Raja, who is in love with Haseena, and has made off with Rs 50,000 from his father's safe. Chameli consoles him and takes him away, when Haseena makes an appearance. She is a eunuch, and when Chameli returns, she advises Haseena to run away with Raju to another city with the money. Raju's father and his henchmen turn up looking for them but leave soon afterwards. Chameli's pimp, Usman, has rented her out to Naik, which she isn't very keen on. She avoids Naik's men, and Aman and she go to Sweety bar to meet Usman. There, Aman offers to pay off the rest of the amount that Chameli owes in exchange for not having to entertain Naik. Usman agrees, but at the ATM kiosk he pulls a knife demanding more money, and gets hurt. Then, Aman and Chameli are picked up by the police, when he makes a phone call that brings the Assistant Commissioner of Police K.P. Singh to the Station. They troop to the hospital where Usman is recovering and with a gun to his groin he phones Naik. Singh convinces Naik to back off Chameli. When Aman finally gets back home, he is a changed man, altered by Chameli's philosophy on life. He reconnects with his father-in-law whom he had avoided since his wife's demise. He then returns to see Chameli, and they meet again, as they did when they first met."] ["Six-year-old Vanya Solntsev lives in a desolate, rundown, and rural Russian orphanage run by an alcoholic headmaster. When a wealthy Italian couple wanting to adopt selects him, the other children, especially his good friend Anton, envy his good fortune and name him The Italian. But when a grief-stricken mother of another boy commits suicide after returning to reclaim her son and discovering he is no longer there, Vanya fears the same fate looms for him. With the aid of some of the older boys, he retrieves his file from the office safe and learns the address of the children's home where he previously lived. Certain the records there will identify his mother, he sets off on his quest. Pursuing him by car as he travels by train are the corrupt Madam, who brokered his adoption, and her driver Grisha. Upon arriving in the town where the home is located, Vanya is attacked and mobbed, but he breaks free and finds a bus that will take him to his destination. There he is confronted by Grisha, but he manages to elude him and make contact with the head of the home, who gives him his mother's address. Once again Grisha catches up with him, but when he realizes how determined Vanya is to find his mother, he lets him go. The boy is reunited with his mother. Through a letter Vanya wrote to Anton, who was adopted by the Italian couple instead, we learn Vanya is happy to be living with his mother again."] ['Shin-Ae  and her only child move to the small town of Milyang, South Korea. Her husband has recently died and she has decided to start life anew back in the hometown of her deceased husband. While entering Milyang, Shin-Ae’s car breaks down along a rural highway. She is able to get the local mechanic in Milyang named Jong-Xhan  to come out to her car and start it once again. Although they come from different social backgrounds, the pair hits it off and seems to find comfort in each other’s presence. Tragedy soon strikes Shin-Ae once again when her only son is abducted. As Shin-Ae must deal with another devastating tragedy in her life, she attempts to find answers and a light that can shine upon her dark life.'] ['Near the end of the nineteenth century, as the balance of power shifts from Shogunate towards the Emperor, Japan restlessly awaits the dawning of a new age. But not all are content... The Shinsengumi, a small army of samurai, farmers and peasants, band together to do battle against the tide of history. Their leader, Isami Kondo  is a man who rises from farmer to fighter to head the fierce Shinsengumi brigade. Using a stern hand and a heart of gold, he rallies his men in defense of the tottering Shogunate. But bloodshed and treachery lurk around every corner.'] ['The film focuses on the lives of a variety of characters who happen to live in a rubbish dump. The first to be introduced is a mentally challenged boy who lives in a world of fantasy in which he is a tram conductor. He is both the tram and the tram driver and follows a set route and schedule through the dump; his dedication to the fantasy is fanatical. The film title refers to a Japanese onomatopoeia for the sound made by a tram or train while in motion . The sound is made by the boy as he makes his daily faux-tram route through the dump.'] ["For years an aging Rukmini Bai  has been the Madame of a brothel in Hyderabad, India. One day she gets the news that she now has a new landlord in Mr. Gupta , whose daughter is to marry the mayor's son Sushil, shortly. Led by City Councillor, Shantidevi, the people in this town demand that this bordello be moved elsewhere, preferably on the outskirts of the town, and they do succeed, compelling Rukmini to move with her women to their new location, which happens to be near the Dargah of Baba Karak Shah. Ironically, this attracts a lot of people, and the patronage to Rukmini's bordello increases. Then complications set in when Sushil refuses to marry his father's choice, childlike Malti, and wants to marry Zeenat  - a prostitute, not entirely by choice and seeking for a better existence, who resides with Rukmini."] ["While returning to Madrid after an ilicit tryst, a wealthy socialite housewife and a university professor accidentally strike a bicyclist with their car. Although they see that he is still alive after the accident, they know they cannot summon help for him without their affair being revealed. They drive away and leave him to die. After the bicyclist's death is reported in the newspaper, the pair deal with ever-rising tension, borne from their fear that their deeds will be exposed."] ["A young government official named Dondup  who is smitten with America  dreams of escaping there while stuck in a beautiful but isolated village. He hopes to connect in the U.S. with a visa out of the country. He misses the one bus out of town to Thimphu, however, and is forced to hitchhike and walk along the Lateral Road to the west, accompanied by an apple seller, a Buddhist monk with his ornate, dragon-headed dramyin heading to Thimphu, a drunk, a widowed rice paper maker and his daughter Sonam . To pass the time, the monk tells the tale of Tashi, a restless farmboy who, like Dondup, dreams of escaping village life. Tashi rides a horse that goes into a forest. He immediately becomes lost in remote mountains and finds his life entwined with that of an elderly hermit woodcutter and his beautiful young wife. Tashi's wish of escape granted, he finds himself caught in a web of lust and jealousy, enchanted by the beautiful and yielding wife, but fearing the woodsman and his axe. Tashi finally tries to murder the woodcutter, aided by his wife who is pregnant by Tashi. He runs away, however, while the old man is near death, burdened by his guilt. Deki, the woodcutter's wife calls and runs after him, but drowns in a mountain river while giving pursuit. Tashi's adventures finally turn out to be hallucinations induced by chhaang, a home-brewed liquor. The monk's tale merely parallels Dondup's growing attraction to Sonam. During a dilemma similar to Tashi's, Dondup manages to hitch a ride to Thimphu. The film ends without showing the final outcome of Dondup's journey - his visa interview and his trip abroad. The audience is left to wonder whether the trip changed his attitude toward the village and Bhutan, and if he returned to the village."] ['The film opens with young Radha sitting in a mustard field with her parents. Her mother tells her a story of a people who wanted to see the ocean; then she explains that sometimes one must learn to see some things  without looking. The film flashes forward to Sita, a newly married young woman, trying to perceive some emotion from her husband Jatin. Jatin appears distant and shows little interest in Sita or in being married. Sita is given a perfunctory welcome by Jatin\'s family. Jatin is in a typical joint family arrangement. He lives with his older brother Ashok, his sister-in-law Radha, his invalid mother  and the family servant Mundu. Their apartment is on the second floor of a two story dwelling in a crowded marketplace in New Delhi. Ashok and Jatin run a small store  that sells food  and rents videotapes. Sita is gradually exposed to various difficulties. She is also in a typical arranged marriage, but she learns that Jatin married her only to put an end to Ashok\'s incessant nagging. Jatin continues to date his Chinese girlfriend. Sita does not rebuke him for fear that it may bring dishonor to her parents. The rest of Jatin\'s home is not rosy either. Biji is paralyzed and without speech after a stroke, and Sita and Radha must constantly attend to Biji . Sita spends her days slaving in the hot and greasy kitchen, and she finds herself lonely and frustrated at night because Jatin is out dallying with his girlfriend. On the financial front, the store provides a modest income but their expenses are very high and they are unable to expand their business or buy a bigger home. Sita resignedly accepts these difficulties, but yearns to break out of this stifling and hopeless situation. It is later revealed that Radha faces a somewhat similar problem. Many years ago, Ashok had come under the influence of Swamiji, a local preacher, who teaches that desires are the cause of suffering and must be suppressed. Ashok is completely taken by these monastic teachings and accordingly suppresses all his desires. He also donates large sums from the meager store income to treat the Swamiji\'s hydrocele condition. It is also revealed that Radha cannot bear children, due to an untreatable ailment. The Swamiji, as per the strict devotional and spiritual convention, teaches that sexual contact is permitted only as a means for procreation. Accordingly, Ashok aims to stamp out all his desires and has not slept with Radha for the past 13 years. He puts Radha through an excruciating ritual in which they lie motionless next to each other whenever he wants to test his resolve. Radha is racked with guilt over her ailment and driven to frustration by the ritual. She resigns to live out her life, but is unable to stop her growing sadness. Radha and Sita go through the motions oscillating between their desires and disappointments. Radha, the older woman, remains bound by tradition and subdued into silence while Sita refuses to accept misfortune and wishes to break free. One evening, shunned by their husbands, provoked by their  feelings and driven to desperation by their unfulfilled longings, Radha and Sita seek solace in each other and become lovers. Overjoyed at finding satisfaction in this unusual manner, they resolve to continue it in secret. They eventually realize their love for each other and they start looking for ways to move out and be on their own. Things take a turn when the servant Mundu becomes aware of their relationship. When Radha reprimands him for masturbating to pornography in front of Biji, he warily reminds her that her own "hanky panky" is bad for the family. One day, Mundu causes Ashok to walk in on Radha and Sita. Ashok is horrified. He is shattered when he finds this incident has stoked his own long-dormant desire. He nevertheless confronts Radha. Radha overcomes her subservience and pours out her emotions. Desire impels life, and she desires Sita because she desires to live. She pointedly suggests that if Ashok seeks to control desires then he should henceforth seek Swamiji\'s help and stop the ritual. Amid this argument, Radha\'s sari catches fire. Ashok steps out of the way and angrily watches her burn . Radha puts out the flames and recalls her mother\'s advice from when she was young. She can finally see her ocean. She leaves Ashok. The film ends with Radha moving out and joining Sita.'] ["The movie Danton opens in the spring of 1794, when the Reign of Terror was in full swing. On the borders of Paris, any vehicles entering Paris, including Danton, who has just ridden in, are being searched. As he rides through Paris, we are given grim reminders of the conditions of the Revolution: people are still cold and hungry and the shining guillotine is on display for all to see. Robespierre, on the other hand, is sick in his bed. His landlady's daughter, Éléonore Duplay, attempts to comfort him, but is unable to. Her nephew, whom she is taking care of, is meanwhile being made to memorize lines from the Declaration of the Rights of Man and Citizen. Back in the streets of Paris, starving lines of people, waiting for bread, discuss the possible reasons for the lack of it. Whether or not it is an enemy plot, the people do know that they are hungry, and that hunger leads to revolt. Once the bread store actually opens, and they finally begin to receive their bread, they are distracted by their other source of faith and hope in life: Danton. As Robespierre is watching, Danton is swarmed by a mob of supporters and fans, who all cry out for help. Robespierre, in his flat, observes all this as Danton’s latest publication is read out to him, and orders Danton’s printing press, and his works, to be destroyed. The reason for this is because Danton’s latest work is against the current stage of the revolution. Camille Desmoulins does his best to protect the shop, but he is ultimately defenseless against the thugs. All the while that the shop is being ruined, Robespierre is having his wig fluffed, his powder applied, and shaved. Robespierre’s friend Saint-Just comes in, and urges him to have Danton guillotined, but Robespierre resists. Later, when Robespierre meets with the other members of the Committee of Public Safety, they push the same point. Robespierre resists for multiple reasons: 1, if Danton were to be executed, the bourgeoisie would turn against Robespierre. 2, Danton is loved by the common man, for his works and triumphs such as when he removed the monarchy from power on August 10, the Champ de Mars Massacre, and his newspaper is read by the common people. 3, Danton is a friend and old colleague of Robespierre, and doesn’t want to execute him. Before the National Convention commences for the day, Danton’s supporters warn him that Robespierre is planning on having him jailed. Danton, however, is positive that his newspaper and the support of the people will prevent anything like that from ever happening. All of his supporters urge him to strike now and take power, but he resists. That day, at the convention, one of Danton’s supporters, Bourdon, makes a speech against Heron and his secret police , and has Heron jailed and executed. That night, Danton and Robespierre have dinner together. Danton puts much work into setting the meal, but Robespierre refuses to drink or eat. Then, their discussion begins. Robespierre wants Danton to join his cause and stop fighting because he does not want to be forced to have Danton executed. Danton simply drinks until he passes out, and refuses Robespierre’s advances. Next, Robespierre goes to Camille Desmoulin’s house, where Camille entirely ignores Robespierre. Robespierre tries to convince Camille that Danton is exploiting him, but he is again ignored. His wife begs Robespierre to stay and talk sense into her husband because she wants him to live, but Robespierre can do nothing. With no other options, Robespierre has Lacrois, Phillipeaux, Desmoulins, Danton and other supporters arrested and jailed in the Luxembourg jail, after having the warrant signed by the Committee of Public Safety. Although Danton has the power to raise up a force and resist, he doesn’t because he does not want any more bloodshed. The man who arrests Danton is scared of him, and Danton has to practically drag him along. While Danton waits in custody, Robespierre plans out his trial. Only seven jurors are to be used, which is against the law, but Robespierre can only ensure seven men who will find Danton guilty. Danton has given up on the Revolution and on the people. At the trial, Danton consistently breaks the order by speaking out of turn. The people are still in support of him, and the head of the trial feels bad about murdering this innocent man. “I’m not your executioner!” he says to Robespierre, who replies “You’re the public’s executioner.” After a few days of injustice, a decree is issued that if anyone speaks out of turn again, which Danton has done repeatedly, they will be thrown out of the court. Within minutes, the entire accused team has been thrown out, and the verdict of guilty is read. The day before his execution, Danton is depressed. Not due to his death, but due to the fact that he feels that he failed the people. “Without me, everything will fall” he says to himself. As each of their hair is cut, they all hang their heads, not only exposing their neck, as if to be chopped off, but also in an air of defeat. When Robespierre finally hears of Danton’s death, he turns ghostly pale, and realizes how he has violated liberty, and the goals of the revolution. His mistress’s nephew, now fully practiced, is finally sent in to recite. As he reads off the Declaration of the Rights of Man and Citizen, Robespierre is fully brought to the reality of what he has done."] ['A dysfunctional and sometimes violent romance between Mathieu , a middle-aged, wealthy Frenchman, and a young, impoverished and beautiful flamenco dancer from Seville, Conchita, played by Carole Bouquet and Angela Molina. The two actresses each appear unpredictably in separate scenes, and differ not only physically, but temperamentally as well. Most of the film is a "flashback," told by Mathieu; the framing, non-flashback story elements appear only at the start and end of the film. The movie opens with Mathieu travelling by train from Seville to Paris. He\'s trying to distance himself from his young girlfriend Conchita. As Mathieu\'s train is ready to depart he finds that a bruised and bandaged Conchita is pursuing him. From the train he pours a bucket of water over her head. He believes this deters her, but she sneaks aboard. Mathieu\'s fellow compartment passengers witness his rude act. These include a mother and her young daughter, a judge who is coincidentally a friend of Mathieu\'s cousin, and a psychologist who coincidentally is a dwarf. They inquire about his motivation for such an act and he then explains the history of his tumultuous relationship with Conchita. The story is set against a backdrop of terrorist bombings and shootings. Conchita, who claims to be 18 but looks older, vows to remain a virgin until marriage. She tantalizes Mathieu with sexual promises but never allows him to satisfy his sexual desire. At one point she goes to bed with him wearing what appear to be a pair of tightly laced canvas shorts, making it impossible to have sexual intercourse. Conchita\'s antics cause the couple to break up and reunite repeatedly, each time frustrating and confusing Mathieu. Eventually, Mathieu finds Conchita dancing nude for tourists in a Seville nightclub. At first he becomes enraged. Later, however, he forgives her and buys her a house. In a climactic scene, soon after moving into the house, Conchita refuses to let Mathieu in at the gate, tells him that she hates him, and that kissing and touching him make her sick. Then, to prove her independence, appears to have sex with a young man in plain view of Mathieu. After this, Conchita attempts to reconcile with Mathieu, insisting that the sex was fake and that her "lover" is in reality a homosexual friend. However, during her explanation, Mathieu beats her , causing her bandaged and bruised state seen earlier in the film. Just as the fellow train passengers seem satisfied with this story, Conchita reappears from hiding and dumps a bucket of water on Mathieu. However, the couple apparently reconciles yet again when the train reaches its destination. After leaving the train, they walk arm in arm, enjoying the streets of Madrid. Later in a mall in Paris, loudspeakers announce that a strange alliance of extremist groups intends to sow chaos and confusion in society through terrorist attacks. The announcement adds that several right-wing groups plan to counterattack. As the couple continues their walk, they pass a seamstress in a shop window mending a bloody veil. They begin arguing just as a bomb explodes, apparently claiming their lives.'] ['Lorna, a young Albanian woman living in Belgium, is in sham marriage with a drug addict named Claudy who accepted her money to become her husband. Lorna\'s dream is to own a snack bar with her boyfriend, Sokol. In order to see this dream fulfilled, she agrees to have another fake marriage with a Russian man, but Claudy is in the way. Fabio, the one who orchestrated the whole plan, will not wait for Lorna and Claudy\'s divorce. Initially Lorna had agreed to Fabio\'s plan of killing Claudy with an overdose. But Lorna is moved by Claudy\'s determination to stay clean, so she pleads Fabio to wait for their divorce. But Fabio does not understand why Lorna cares, and an overdose will not look suspicious, because drug addicts often relapse. Claudy attempts to stay off of drugs by locking himself in his apartment and asking Lorna to get him medicine at the pharmacy that will help with his pains. One night, the pain becoming unbearable, and he asks Lorna to call his doctor and take him to the hospital. There, he begs Lorna to stay with him until the nurse comes. He leans against her like a child in need of protection. In order to obtain a quick divorce, Lorna decides to hurt herself and make it look like Claudy abused her. She does not manage to convince Claudy to beat her and ends up hurting herself at the hospital and crying out for help. The nurse who looks after her agrees to act as a witness for the police report. The same day, Lorna goes to the station and fills out a report. Fabio, who seems to control everything, has her followed, and he asks her why she went to the police station. She explains that the divorce will be faster since she has found a way to make it look like Claudy is a physically abusive husband. The next day, Claudy gets out of the hospital and goes to see Lorna at her workplace. He asks for money  to buy cigarettes and to prepare a meal for when she gets back from work. Later that night, Lorna receives a letter from the judge granting her a quick divorce. She leaves a depressed Claudy behind to let Fabio know the news. When she tells Fabio that the divorce will now only take a month, he does not look pleased. She asks him to talk to the Russians and see if they will accept the delay. A short while after, as Lorna crosses the street to enter her apartment, Fabio in his taxi honks and as she gets close, telling her that the Russian has accepted to wait. At home, Claudy has invited one of his drug dealers over. Lorna forces the drug dealer out, locks the door, throws the key out of the window, and makes love to Claudy. The next day, Claudy and Lorna, who look like a content couple, go to a shop to get a new pair of keys and a bike for Claudy to pass the time and take his mind off drugs. After having agreed to see Claudy at her workplace at noon, Lorna runs playfully after his bike. In the next scene, Lorna carefully chooses a pair of jeans that she puts in a bag that previously contained Claudy\'s belongings. Then, she goes to the morgue where she gives the clothes and asks to see Claudy once more. Later, she packs up a bag under the watchful eye of Fabio and Spirou, his assistant. Fabio tells her it was necessary to get rid of Claudy as the Russians would not have waited. He explains that she would not have accepted his decision, so he could not have told her. He offers her a thousand euros for staying with Claudy and helping him out with his addiction. Lorna does not take the money. As they are heading out, two detectives ask to speak to Lorna. They question her about Claudy, and after a while she tears up. The detectives leave, apparently convinced of her sincerity and innocence. Lorna goes back to her old apartment and finds a place to rent for the snack bar with Sokol. She also meets the Russian man she is going to marry. She accepts the money Fabio gives her for her future marriage and even takes the one thousand euros that she had previously refused. In the meantime, she discovers that she is pregnant. She goes to the hospital to get an abortion, but finds that she cannot do it. She does not wait for the ultrasound and runs out of the doctor\'s office. When she tells Fabio that she is pregnant, he insists upon an abortion, mumbling that Sokol and she were crazy for not being careful. Lorna goes to the bank to open an account for her unborn child. The clerk tells her that the money can only be transferred to an actual account upon her child\'s birth. When the clerk asks for the baby\'s last name, she says "Moreau," which was Claudy\'s last name. Despite Fabio having told her not to talk about it, Lorna brings up the baby to the Russian during their second meeting. The Russian says through his interpreter that a baby is out of the question, and Fabio gets angry with Lorna for bringing it up. After the Russians\' departure, Fabio roughs out Lorna and shouts that she must do exactly what he tells her to. Lorna crouches down while holding her stomach. At the hospital where Fabio takes her, the doctor tells Lorna that she is not pregnant. But Lorna seems convinced that she is. On her way to the hospital room where they want to keep her overnight, she meets the doctor who took care of Claudy. She asks the doctor if she remembers her, explains that she is Claudy\'s wife, and requests that the doctor come say hi to her later. Fabio realizes that he can no longer use Lorna, so he meets up with her and Sokol and takes back a good amount of the money he had given her. The next day, Lorna once again has packed up all her things, and Fabio takes her sim card from her cell phone before she enters the car that Spirou, Fabio\'s assistant, is driving. In the car, when Lorna asks Spirou why he has not taken the highway, he says that he needs to go to a gas station. When the next gas station is in view, Lorna tells him that she will use the bathroom while he buys gas. But Spirou says that he must go to a specific gas station, not that one. Lorna realizes then that Spirou has received the order to kill her. She asks Spirou to stop because she needs to relieve herself. He accepts to let her go urinate, but keeps her bag in the car. Once she is outside, Lorna takes a rock and hides it under her coat as she crouches to pee. Back in the car, she hits Spirou twice and runs out into the woods. The movie ends as Lorna arrives at a little cabin in the woods where she decides to spend the night. She goes out to find wood and talks to her imaginary baby, telling him that she will not let it die like she let Claudy die.'] ["An old couple, Mohan Joshi  and his wife  decides to sue their landlord  for not maintaining their 'collapsing' apartment building. For this, they hire two cunning lawyers , while Rohini Hattangadi is the opposition lawyer. The court case drags on for years and the lawyers milk the old couple dry, while they become rich. Back home in the society, the old couple is ridiculed for fighting the landlord, but they fight on nevertheless. In the end when the judge comes to check the condition of the chawl, Kapadia's men prop up the place thus convincing the judge that all is well with the chawl. Finally, Joshi gathers all his strength and pulls down the temporary supports put up by the men causing the building to collapse on himself.Synopsis: Mohan Joshi Hazir Ho! The film provides deep insight into the struggles of Indian 'middle class', which rarely gets space on the film screen."] ['Andre  has just returned to Paris in the hope of making some easy money, give up his life of petty crime, and start his life over as an honest man in America. In Paris for only a few hours, Andre finds himself dangling high over the edge of the Eiffel Tower, begging for his life from a man he hoped never to see again. With his underworld dealing catching him up, Andre is given 24 hours to find 20,000 Euro to pay off his debts and save his life. Frantically trying to find ways to avoid certain death, Andre turns to the police begging them to place him safely behind bars for a couple of nights. They laugh at his pathetic attempt and throw him to the streets. Andre is left with nowhere to turn and with his deadline fast approaching, he despairingly climbs onto the ledge of a bridge and gathers the resolve to jump into the river. But, he is not alone. Beside him, a beautiful and mysterious woman  is a moment away from throwing herself into the Seine. Despite Andre’s attempts to persuade the woman to climb back over the railing, she lets go and jumps into the water. A split second later, he too jumps into the water. With much effort, he hauls her limp soaked body to the shore and tries to coax her back to life. Sitting alone on the quay with a lifeless woman in his arms and hit men on his tail, Andre desperately hopes for a miracle. About to give up on the mysterious woman, Andre is relieved when she finally opens her eyes. Her name is Angela. As a thanks for being saved, Angela pledges her life to Andre, doing anything and everything she can to help him. Confused as to why such a gorgeous woman should want to help him, Andre is skeptical. Only when she delivers the money he so desperately needs does he begin to trust her and agree to let her help. Although Angela helps him to get the money he needs, Andre begins to think she may have an ulterior motive. Why else would such a beautiful woman help someone like him? Angela is not just helping Andre to find money, she is also helping him to find the courage to see the good deep inside himself and, for the first time, he actually believes there might be some good to be found. Andre, who has never been a hero, must believe he can stand up for himself in order to convince Angela, with whom he has fallen madly in love, to give up everything to be with him.'] ['La Chinoise is a loose adaptation of Fyodor Dostoyevsky\'s 1872 novel, The Possessed.{{Citation needed|date"godard70">{{cite book | last1  Colin | first2  | title  | publisher  2005 | pages  February | isbn "godard70"/> The appearance of Francis Jeanson in the film seems to correspond with the character of Stepan Trofimovich Verkhovensky  in The Possessed. Indeed, much like Stepan Trofimovich, Jeanson is an intellectual and philosopher who serves as a kind of father-figure/mentor to Véronique — and his early example as a supporter of terrorism makes him responsible for influencing much of the destruction which is to follow. Eventually, the train arrives at its destination and Véronique sets off to the hotel where the Soviet Minister of Culture is staying. She mistakenly reverses the digits of the room number and ends up killing the wrong man. As in The Possessed, the revolutionary activities of the Aden Arabie cell have proved unsuccessful.'] ['Kanji Watanabe  is a middle-aged man who has worked in the same monotonous bureaucratic position for thirty years. His wife is dead and his son and daughter-in-law, who live with him, seem to care mainly about Watanabe\'s pension and their future inheritance. After learning he has stomach cancer and less than a year to live, Watanabe attempts to come to terms with his impending death. He plans to tell his son about the cancer, but decides against it when his son does not pay attention to him. He then tries to find escape in the pleasures of Tokyo\'s nightlife, but after one night realizes this is not the solution. In a nightclub, Watanabe requests a song from the piano player, and sings "Gondola no Uta" with great sadness. His singing greatly affects those watching him. The song is a ballad encouraging young women to find love while they are still young and beautiful, for life is short. The following day, a chance encounter with one of his former subordinates leads him to pursue a different course. Watanabe is attracted to her joyous love of life and enthusiasm. He opens up to her by saying he just wants to live one day in such a carefree, youthful way as she does. She reveals that her happiness comes from her new job making toys, which makes her feel like she is playing with all the children of Japan. Inspired by her example, Watanabe dedicates his remaining time to accomplishing one worthwhile achievement before his life ends; through his persistent efforts, he is able to overcome the inertia of bureaucracy and turn a mosquito-infested cesspool into a children\'s playground. The last third of the film takes place during Watanabe\'s wake, as his former co-workers try to figure out what caused such a dramatic change in his behavior. His transformation from listless bureaucrat to passionate advocate puzzles them. As the co-workers drink, they slowly realize that Watanabe must have known he was dying. They drunkenly vow to live their lives with the same dedication and passion as he did. But back at work, they lack the courage of their newfound conviction. An iconic scene from the film is from the last few moments in Watanabe\'s life, as he sits on the swing at the park he built. As the snow falls, we see Watanabe gazing lovingly over the playground, at peace with himself and the world. He again starts singing "Gondola no Uta".'] ['The film is loosely based on the career of actress Sybille Schmitz and is influenced by Billy Wilder’s Sunset Boulevard. Munich, 1955. Veronika Voss is a formerly popular UFA film star who is now struggling to get roles. She meets a sports reporter named Robert Krohn and is impressed that he does not know who she is. The two begin a love affair, even though Robert already lives with his girlfriend Henriette, who nevertheless realizes that Veronika has an irresistible allure. Veronika’s behavior is erratic and sometimes desperate, and as Robert delves into her life he discovers that she is essentially a captive to a corrupt neurologist named Dr. Marianne Katz. Dr. Katz keeps Veronika addicted to opiates and uses her power to give or deny drugs to bleed the actress of her wealth. To verify his suspicions, Robert has Henriette approach Dr. Katz and pretend to be a rich woman in need of psychiatric care. Dr. Katz writes Henriette a prescription for an opiate but witnesses her making a phone call in the street outside the office. Dr. Katz then has Henriette killed and effectively covers up the crime when Robert arrives with the police. The film ends tragically as Dr. Katz and her cohorts have Veronika sign over all that she owns and give her a fatal dose of pills. After Veronika’s death, Robert observes the villains celebrating their victory and is unable to do a thing.'] ["The plot of the movie is centered in the city of Karlovac in 1992, during the Croatian War of Independence. The front lines, where Croatian and Serbian forces fight each other, lie near the city. Meanwhile, in the city of Karlovac, a Serbian civilian Vasić is murdered. The story follows the local police officer Barbir , who tries to solve the murder in spite of ethnic hatred and war revolving nearby. The film's screenplay is based on Jurica Pavičić's 1997 novel The Alabaster Sheep , which was in turn inspired by a real-life case of murder of the Zec family in Zagreb in 1991.{{cite web}}"] ['The film starts on a typical working day in metropolitan Tokyo: office worker Shoji Sugiyama  wakes up to prepare to commute to work, attended to by his wife, Masako . The couple is childless but used to have a young son who died years ago of an illness. During a hiking trip with friends, Shoji spends moments alone on a hitchhiked lorry with a fellow worker, typist Kaneko , nicknamed "Goldfish" for her large eyes. After the trip Kaneko makes advances to Shoji. The two have an affair. Masako suspects something is amiss behind her back but says nothing, even when Shoji spends extra time with Kaneko, his war comrades and a dying friend. The two become progressively estranged. The friends, too, suspect something is going on between Shoji and Kaneko and finally confront Kaneko during a gathering, advising her not to come between a married couple. Aggrieved, Kaneko goes to visit Shoji late in the night. The affair finally is disclosed, and Masako and Shoji have a falling-out. Masako is angry enough with Shoji to leave for her mother\'s home the next morning. Shoji accepts a job to go to Mitsuishi, in Okayama Prefecture, an out-of-the-way provincial town. Kaneko is upset that he is leaving but later accepts it. Meanwhile, Shoji begins to regret his affair and tries to bring his wife home, but Masako only goes back after he has left for Mitsuishi. The couple meet at Mitsuishi, where they promise to forget everything before and strive for marital happiness.'] ['In a suburb of Bucharest, a 13-year-old boy, The prostitutes play with Andrei, telling him that he needs a car in order to date them, then they leave. The boy asks Marilena for her phone number, and she writes something in his hand. Andrei sends a dedication for "Marilena from P7", to the local radio station. The prostitute is in an old man\'s house, listening to the radio, and the song is Are You Lonesome Tonight?, sung by Elvis Presley. Among her clients, Marilena falls in love with a man, nicknamed Giani . One night, however, she spots Giani in his car in front of a store, accompanied by another woman, and becomes very discouraged. Andrei finds a way to get hold of a car and plans to steal his father\'s trolleybus. He manages to do so, together with his friends. His father sees him and starts following the boys with another driver, his colleague. Arriving at the prostitutes\' meeting place, the boys cannot find Marilena. Andrei recognizes Giani\'s car parked in front of block P7, so he goes in. Marilena and Giani were in fact in her apartment; the girl goes to the restroom for a minute. Andrei manages to sneak into the apartment, and watches how, while still talking to Giani, Marilena cuts her jugular vein.Extracted from Mădălina Ghiţescu\'s speech, from a Q&A about the movie\'s premiere in Stockholm, on August 24, 2007. After realizing what had happened, Giani becomes frightened and runs away; the pimp sees him leaving in a rush, so he goes to the apartment to see what happened. Meanwhile, Andrei goes into the room and looks down at Marilena who is lying down, with blood spilled over her. The news about Marilena\'s suicide spread fast around the neighborhood.'] ['The film opens in Delhi University in Hindu College with the story of three students, Kay Kay Menon , Chitrangada Singh  and Shiney Ahuja . It follows their lives over the next five years in a story of politics, love, and ambition. Shiney Ahuja\'s role has him as a pining lover one moment and a political fixer and a wheeler-dealer the next. The movie deals with the aspirations of three protagonists - Siddharth, Vikram and Geeta. Siddharth is a driven revolutionary who dreams of bringing a revolution in the state of Bihar that will end the caste-based discrimination there; bring social justice, and, change the society for the better. Vikram is the son of a Gandhian politician who has grown up in less comfort than Siddharth and Geeta but wants to climb the social ladder no matter what the cost. Geeta is portrayed as a London returned, South Indian girl in love with the firebrand Siddharth. She has led a very sheltered life thus far, and is yet to explore the terrain of the Indian socio-political landscape. While she finds Siddharth\'s Naxalite rhethoric attractive, she is not sure if she can whole-heartedly subscribe to it. And every time they come to point of choice, Siddharth chooses his ideology over his love for her thus breaking her heart time and again. Vikram is a middle-class boy who dreams of making it big, whatever the cost. He is particularly afflicted by his father\'s Gandhian ideas, but irritated and frustrated at the same time, seeing his father\'s way of life as ineffective in bringing about a change. The movie begins with the three protagonists leaving college and heading towards their respective goals. Siddharth leaves for Bihar to bring about a revolution; Geeta leaves for Oxford to get a degree, and Vikram sets up an office in Delhi. A few years later, Vikram is a fixer in the power corridors of government, Geeta is married to a promising IAS Officer Ram Kapoor who, as Geeta says "has it all", and Siddharth is still trying to foment a revolution. But all is not as it seems. Below the mask of happiness, each is quite unhappy. Vikram has \'made it\', but he still cannot get Geeta, the love of his life. Geeta is married, but she still meets Siddharth on the sly, cheating on her husband. Eventually, Geeta gets a divorce from her husband because of her love for Siddharth, even though she does not want to hurt her husband\'s feelings. Geeta joins Siddharth in the village where she starts to teach the children of the village, whilst the police repeatedly try to hunt down her now husband, Siddharth. She bears a child with Siddharth whom she sends to London to her parents since she believes he deserves more than to grow up in the remote village. Eventually the police round up the entire village, capturing Siddharth and Geeta for intent to cause unrest and brutally assaulting them both, fabricating a story of a villagers\' riot to explain their injuries. Geeta is soon bailed out of prison by her now influential ex-husband, while Siddharth, on the run is shot by the police and admitted to a local hospital and is placed under arrest while Geeta believes him to have been killed. Vikram, who has been consoling Geeta and taking care of her during the absences of her ex-husband and of Siddharth, is informed that Siddharth is still alive. Vikram travels to meet Siddharth and release him through the use of his influential contacts, however he has an accident on the way and is admitted to the same hospital as Siddharth. During the night, local Naxalites break into the crude hospital and free Siddharth while Vikram still lays there. The next morning, the policemen in charge of guarding Siddharth, frustrated, accuse Vikram of having conspiring to free Siddharth and beat him up further. After discovering that he is a man of influence, they resolve to kill him and throw away body to make it unrecognisable. Vikram, terrifed, attempts to escape but is chased down, however the policeman finds that the Naxalites have emptied his revolver, and they beat Vikram up with an iron rod. Soon, the police chief and a local politician come looking for Vikram and are able to stop the policemen from killing him. Vikram suffers heavy brain damage and is rendered handicapped, while Siddharth tells Geeta that he intends to leave but Geeta refuses to accompany him. Siddharth has moved beyond simply trying to foment a revolution, and is prepared to delay it because he feels that the people are not ready in spite of their saying otherwise. He goes to London for studying medicine and through a letter, Siddharth voices his anguish and his disillusionment with the idea of revolution, he writes saying "I hope the mysteries of the human body will be less confusing" . The last scenes show Geeta going back to continue working in the village and is taking care of the handicapped Vikram, who can no longer speak. the movie ends with Vikram having written "I love you Geeta" on the rock with brick, as they both sit by a quiet lake and watch the sunset.'] ['In Bhind in 1968,Let us Know Someting About It In Detail. The real life Phoolan Devi was born in 1963 and was married when she was about 11. See Phoolan Devi for more details Phoolan is married to a twenty-something fellow called Puttilal . Though child marriages are customary during that time, Phoolan\'s mother Moola  objects to the timing of the match. Phoolan\'s aging father Devideen  mercilessly agrees, and Phoolan is sent off with Puttilal. Phoolan is exposed to some sexual and exploitative abuses, including the caste system.  Puttilal is physically and sexually abusive, and Phoolan eventually runs away and returns home. As Phoolan grows older, she faces incidents of  fondling and groping from the Thakur men . At the next town meeting, the panchayat wield their patriarhcal authority to banish Phoolan from the village, since she will not consent to the sexual advances of the higher caste males, who treat her like sub-human chattel. Accordingly, Phoolan leaves with her cousin Kailash . En route to another village, she encounters a troop of dakus  of the Babu Gujjar gang, led by Vikram Mallah Mastana . Phoolan stays with Kailash for a while, but is eventually compelled to leave. Angry and hopeless, Phoolan goes to the local cops , but she is beaten, molested, and arrested by the cops, who rape her while in custody. The Thakurs put up bail and have her released. But, unknown to her, the bail is a bribe , and Babu Gujjar arrives to collect his prize. In May 1979, Phoolan is abducted by Babu Gujjar . Gujjar is a ruthless, imposingly-statured mercenary. Although Gujjar\'s lieutenant Vikram is sympathetic towards Phoolan, Gujjar indiscriminately brutalizes and humiliates her, until one day Vikram catches him raping her  and shoots him in the head. Vikram takes over the gang, and his empathy for Phoolan eventually grows into a mutually respectful mature adult relationship. Around this time, Phoolan revisits her former husband Puttilal, and with Vikram\'s help, abducts him and exacts her justice for his rape and abuse, beating him up. She shares her closure with Vikram. All goes well until Thakur Shri Ram  is released from prison. Thakur Shri Ram is the real gang leader . Shri Ram returns to his gang and while Vikram receives him with respect, Shri Ram bristles at Vikram\'s egalitarian leadership style and covets Phoolan. In August 1980, Shri Ram arranges to have Vikram assassinated, and abducts Phoolan, bringing her to the village of Behmai. Phoolan is repeatedly raped and beaten by Shri Ram and by the rest of the gang members, as punishment for her "disrespect" for his previous advances, and for her audacity at being an equal. The stunning and disturbing final humiliation and punishment is that she is stripped, paraded around Behmai, beaten and sent to fetch water from the well . A severely traumatised Phoolan returns to her cousin Kailash. She recovers gradually, and seeks out Man Singh , an old friend of Vikram Mallah. Man Singh brings her to another large gang, led by Baba Mustakim . She relates her history to Baba and asks him for some men and weapons to form a gang. Baba Mustakim agrees, and Man Singh and Phoolan become the leaders for the new gang. Phoolan leads her new gang with courage, generosity, humility and shrewdness. Her stockpile and her legend grows. She becomes known as Phoolan Devi, the bandit queen. In February 1981, Baba Mustakim informs her of a large wedding in Behmai, with Thakur Shri Ram in attendance. As Phoolan departs, Baba Mustakim warns her to remain low key. Phoolan attacks the wedding party and her gang exacts revenge from the entire Thakur clan of Behmai. They round up the men and beat them up. Many of the men are finally shot. This act of vengeance brings her to the attention of the national law enforcement authorities . The top police officials now begin a massive manhunt for Phoolan, and Thakur Shri Ram relishes the opportunity to come to their aid. The manhunt claims many lives in Phoolan\'s gang. They are ultimately forced to hide out in the rugged ravines of Chambal without any food or water. Phoolan evaluates her options and decides to surrender. Her terms are to have her remaining mates protected and provided for . The film ends with Phoolan\'s surrender in February 1983. The end credits indicate that all the charges against her were withdrawn , and that she was released in 1994.'] ["{{quote}} The plot is based on a true story: in 1999, during the NATO bombing of Yugoslavia, a train containing American radar equipment required in Kosovo, guarded by a small troop of American and Romanian soldiers, went through Romania and was stopped for four days in a small village on the Bărăgan Plain because some customs papers were missing, even though the train had been authorised to pass through Romania by its Prime Minister. In the movie, the train is stopped several days in the village of Căpâlniţa by the chief of the train station, Doiaru, who is corrupt and routinely steals goods from the trains which go through his station. He forces the train to move onto a secondary track until the paperwork is produced. The Americans try in vain to get the Romanian government to sort out the paperwork, but the responsibility is passed from one ministry to the other and as a result, their departure is delayed. Periodic flashbacks take the audience back to Doiaru's childhood, when his parents, who were factory owners, awaited the coming of the Americans at the end of World War 2. As his father was considered a German supporter, Doiaru's family dreaded the arrival of the Russians. However, the Russians arrived first and they took away Doiaru's parents and he never saw them again. The first Americans to arrive in the village after the war are the very soldiers on the train in 1999. The mayor of the village tries to make the Americans' stay enjoyable and invites them to the 100th anniversary of the founding of the village, even though such a feast was celebrated only a few months before. Doiaru's daughter, Monica, develops a crush on an American soldier, but as she knows no English, she uses the help of a local geek, Andrei, who is in love with her. The mayor and the rest of the villagers are incited into revolting against Doiaru and start a riot, during the course of which the train leaves and Doiaru dies. An ending note says that the radar was installed two hours after the ceasefire with Yugoslavia was signed, and the final scene shows Monica and Andrei meeting in Bucharest in 2004."] ["The story takes place during a Sunday in the late summer of 1912. Monsieur Ladmiral is a painter without any real genius and in the twilight of his life. Since the death of his wife, he lives alone with Mercedes, his servant. As every Sunday, he invites Gonzaga, his son, a steady young man, who like order and propriety, accompanied by his wife, Marie-Thérèse and their three children, Emile, Lucien and Mireille. That day, Irene, Gonzaga's sister, a young non-conformist, liberated and energetic woman, upsets this peaceful ritual and calls into question her father's artistic choices."] ["The Taliban are ruling Afghanistan. Their regime is especially repressive for women, who, among other things, are not allowed to work. This situation becomes difficult for one family consisting solely of three women, representing three successive generations: a young girl, her mother, and her grandmother. With the mother's husband and uncle dead, having been killed in battle during the Soviet invasion and their civil wars, there are no men left to support the family. The mother had been working as a nurse in a hospital, but the Taliban cut off funding to the hospital, leaving it completely dysfunctional with no medicines and very little equipment. One foreign woman working as a nurse in the hospital is arrested by the Taliban. The mother does some nursing outside the hospital and receives payment from the caretaker of a patient, but after the patient dies the mother cannot find any more work. The mother and grandmother then make what they feel is the only decision they can to survive: they will have their preteen daughter disguise herself as a boy so that she can get a job to support the family. Osama’s grandmother tells a story to Osama about a boy who changed to a girl when he went under a rainbow, in order to help persuade her to accept the plan. The daughter, feeling powerless, agrees despite being afraid that the Taliban will kill her if they discover her masquerade. Partly as a symbolic measure, the daughter plants a lock of her now cut hair in a flowerpot. The only people outside the family who know of the ruse are the milk vendor who employs the daughter - he who was a friend of her deceased father - and a local boy named Espandi, who recognizes her despite her outward change in appearance. Espandi is the one who renames her Osama. The masquerade becomes more difficult when the Taliban recruit all the local boys for school, which includes military training. At the training school, they are taught how to fight and conduct ablutions, and an ablution is taught to boys that should be done when they experience nocturnal emission or come in contact with their wife when they grow older. Osama attempts to avoid joining the ablution session, and the master grows suspicious of Osama’s gender. Osama realizes it can only be so long before she is found out. Several of the boys begin to pick on her, and although Espandi is at first able to protect her, her secret is eventually discovered when she menstruates. Osama is arrested and put on trial, along with a Western journalist who and the foreign woman who was arrested in the hospital. The journalist and the nurse are both condemned and put to death, but, as Osama is destitute and helpless, her life is spared; she is instead given in marriage to a much older man. Osama's new husband already has three wives, all of whom hate him and say he has destroyed their lives. They take pity on Osama, but are powerless to help her. The husband shows Osama the padlocks he uses on his wives' rooms, reserving the largest for Osama. The film ends with the new husband conducting an ablution in an outdoor bath, which the boys were earlier taught to conduct after coming in contact with their wives."] ["This film is exploring the dual themes of friendship and loneliness. Sanaka  and Paromita  are mother and daughter-in-law who, despite differences in age, backgrounds and temperaments, build a strong bond together. But when Paromita's marriage to Sanaka's son breaks down, social mores prevent the women from remaining close friends. While Paromita remarries and begins a new life, her mother-in-law, Sanaka, is left heartbroken and alone and eventually falls seriously ill. When Paromita learns of her friend's deterioration, she is compelled to flout convention, and returns to nurse Sanaka on her deathbed."] ['Nine young samurai are worried about corruption in the leadership of their clan. They believe that the lord chamberlain, Mutsuta, is corrupt after tearing up a petition against organised crime. One samurai told the superintendent of this, who agreed to intervene. As the nine meet secretly at a temple and discuss their problem, a ronin  emerges from another room where he had been resting. The ronin had overheard their plans, and suggests that the superintendent is in fact the real corrupt official. While at first the samurai are insulted by his claims, they soon find themselves surrounded by the official\'s men, proving that he was correct. The ronin fights off the men in return for money, however after realizing that Mutsuta could now be in danger, he decides to help the samurai bring down the corruption. They first begin by rescuing Mutsuta\'s wife  and daughter , but they remain oblivious to the danger around them, and maintain a cheery civility in contrast to the young samurai. The group hide in a house within the chamberlain\'s compound. Musuta\'s wife asks the ronin\'s name; looking out the window at tsubaki  trees, he invents the name Tsubaki Sanjūrō . The lady insists that Sanjuro refrain from unnecessary killing. The lady compares Sanjuro to a "glittering sword" and remarks that "the best sword stays in its scabbard." The Superintendent\'s henchman Hanbei Muroto , and several other corrupt officials address a plan to outsmart the chamberlain\'s followers. First they arrest the chamberlain by making a false claim that he has been in charge of organised crime. Afterwards, they try to lure out the samurai by setting out a patrol of palanquins, believing that the samurai will think the officials are in them and attack. This backfires on them and leaves them deeply humiliated. Throughout the film, Sanjuro is considered by some of the samurai as a problem figure: he has bad manners, behavior unbecoming a samurai, weird ways to express his thoughts, often seems lazy and disinterested during planning, and a flippant attitude regarding violence. Sanjuro decides to get closer to Hanbei\'s master by going undercover as his henchman. Mistrust causes several of the samurai believe he is switching sides. The samurai agree that four of them will follow him: two who believed in him and two who did not. However, Sanjuro realizes he is being followed and the four are easily captured. When Hanbei leaves to request reinforcements Sanjuro frees the samurai, at the expense of having to kill all the guards. He demands the four samurai tie him up, and is found in disgrace. Understanding Hanbei cannot hire him after such a fiasco, Sanjuro insincerely commits to finding the attackers. The next day, Mutsuta\'s wife and daughter find a parchment of the torn up petition flowing from a stream through the compound. The samurai realise that Mutsuta is being imprisoned in the room opposite where the samurai are staying. While at first they consider a full on attack at the officials, they soon find that the superintendent\'s entire force is surrounding them, meaning an attack would end in slaughter. Sanjuro hatches a plan to get the army out of the compound, and then sending a sign to attack through camellias down the stream. The first part of the plan works and the force is moved, however Hanbei catches him trying to send the sign and ties him up. When the officials realise that Sanjuro has moved the army on purpose, Hanbei races off to retrieve them. In a comedic scene, Sanjuro tricks the remaining officials into making the Samurai attack. It works and they manage to rescue the Chamberlain. Hanbei returns later to find he has been made a fool of once more. Later the samurai find that Sanjuro has left the compound. After racing off to find him, he is found with Hanbei, about to duel. Sanjuro is reluctant to fight and tries to dissuade Hanbei saying that if they do fight, one of them would die and there is nothing to be gained from that. Hanbei insists and the two face each other, feeling that he will not be at ease unless one of them is put to rest. Sanjuro kills Hanbei. A fountain of blood gushes from Hanbei. When the young samurai cheer his victory, Sanjuro becomes extremely agitated and angry at their naïve insensitivity. He states that dead adversary was exactly like him, so that at least he now has an understanding of what he really represents. Sanjuro then leaves.'] ["Two young adult non-identical twin men, François and Thierry, still live with their mother. They are very close, e.g. they bathe together and wash each other's hair. They are very upset when their mother wants to sell the house. The situation gets tense and the mother leaves the house for an indefinite time. The good relation between the twins detoriates. In a fight one gets very badly injured. The other panics and feels guilty."] ['A middle-aged farm woman walks through her village and gazes down a country road. A voiceover reveals that her son was killed in the war and buried in a foreign land. On the Eastern Front, nineteen-year-old soldier Alexei Nikolaevich Skvortsov  single handedly destroys two attacking German tanks, more out of self-preservation than bravery. His commanding general wants to give him a decoration, but Alyosha asks instead for a leave to see his mother and to repair the leaking roof of their home. He is given six days. During his journey, he sees the devastation the war has wrought on the country and meets various people. When the jeep Alyosha is riding gets stuck in the mud, Private Pavlov helps push it out. As Alyosha will be passing through his home city, Pavlov persuades him to take a present to Pavlov\'s wife. Pavlov\'s sergeant reluctantly parts with two bars of soap, the entire supply for their platoon. At the train station, Alyosha helpfully carries the suitcase of Vasya, a soldier discharged because he has lost a leg. Vasya does not want to go home, as he would be a burden to his wife, and their relationship had already been troubled. However, he changes his mind and is welcomed with open arms by the loving woman. When he attempts to board a freight car of an army supply train, Alyosha is stopped by Gavrilkin, a sentry. However, a bribe of a can of beef eases Gavrilkin\'s fear of his lieutenant, a "beast". Shura  later sneaks aboard as well, but when she sees him, she becomes frightened and tries to jump off the speeding train. Alyosha stops her from risking her life. She tells him she is going to see her fiancé, a pilot who is recuperating in a hospital. As the days pass, she loses her fear and mistrust of him. Gavrilkin spots the civilian stowaway, forcing Alyosha to bribe him anew. When the lieutenant discovers the unauthorized passengers, he lets them remain aboard and even makes Gavrilkin return the bribe. At one stop, Alyosha gets out to fetch some water, but the train leaves without him. Frantic, he gets a lift to the next station from an old woman truck driver. He is too late; the train has already departed. However, Shura got off and is waiting for him. The couple then go to see Pavlov\'s wife. They discover that she is living with another man and leave. Alyosha returns, takes back the soap he had given her, and gives it instead to Pavlov\'s invalid father. When they finally part, Shura confesses she lied; there was no fiancé, only an aunt. Alyosha realizes too late, after his train departs, that when Shura said she had no one, she was telling him that she loves him. His train is stopped by a blown-up bridge and set on fire by German artillery. With time running out, Alyosha rafts across the river and persuades another truck driver to give him a ride to his rural village, Sosnovka. He gets to see his mother  only for a few minutes before having to make his way back to his unit. His mother vows to wait for him. The voiceover tells us that while he could have gone far in life if he had lived, he will always be remembered simply as a Russian soldier.'] ["During the Great Patriotic War , two Soviet partisans go to a Belarusian village in search of food. After taking a farm animal from the collaborationist headman , they head back to their unit, but are spotted by a German patrol. Though the two men get away, Sotnikov  is shot in the leg. Rybak  has to take him to the nearest shelter, the home of Demchikha , the mother of three young children. However, they are discovered and captured. The two men and a sobbing Demchikha are taken to the German camp. Sotnikov is questioned first by the traitor Portnov . When he refuses to answer Portnov's questions, Sotnikov is brutally tortured by members of the Belarusian Auxiliary Police, loyal to the Germans, but gives up no information. However, Rybak is a different story. He tells as much as he thinks the police already know, hoping to live so he can escape later. The headman, now suspected of supporting the partisans, and a young girl are imprisoned in the same cellar for the night. The next morning, all are led out to be hanged. Rybak persuades Portnov and the Germans to let him join the police. The others are executed. As he heads back to the camp with his new comrades, Rybak is vilified by the villagers. Finally realizing what he has done, he tries to hang himself with his belt in the outhouse, but the belt becomes unfastened. He ties it more securely, but cannot summon the courage to go through with it a second time. Exiting the outhouse, he sees the door to the camp open, but breaks down in tears as he realizes he does not dare to try and escape."] ["This is the tale of a young girl whose life is filled with tragedy. Mouchette  lives in an isolated rural village with her alcoholic father and bedridden mother, where she takes care of her infant brother and does all the housework. The film opens with a gamekeeper, Mathieu , watching a poacher, Arsène  as he sets his snares in the sunlit woods. Mouchette is first introduced at her school, in bedraggled clothes and oversized clogs, where she is mocked by her classmates and chastised by her teacher, first for refusing to sing, and then for singing off-key. To correct this, her teacher grabs her by the head, orienting Mouchette's ear toward the piano keys, while she strikes the correct note several times. Later, in a contrast to the misery of her daily life, Mouchette goes to the fair and rides on the bumper cars. She meets a young man who bumps his car into hers several times. She bumps into his a few times. Despite the physical shocks incurred upon her during the activity, Mouchette seems to overlook them, and even likes the young man. Afterwards her father abruptly intervenes, slapping her on the face before she can speak to the boy. While walking home from school one day, she gets lost in the woods, and must seek shelter in a nearby house when a fierce rainstorm falls. The owner of the house, Arsène, an alcoholic epileptic, fears he has killed a man with whom he had fought, and attempts to use Mouchette as an alibi to disabuse him of the blame. After she agrees to repeat the story he gives her, Arsène rapes her. She runs into the woods to hide and at sunrise leaves for home, humiliated by the experience. Later in the day, when confronted about the fight in the woods, she tries to offer the agreed upon story, having to state reluctantly that she was at Arsène's house through the night because they were lovers. Returning home and finding her mother's condition worsening, she attempts to assuage her fears by comforting her. When her mother eventually succumbs to this sickness, she is brought in by an elderly women who gives her several dresses as well as a shroud to cover her mother upon her mourning. As she leaves, overwhelmed by the disaster that has befallen her, she goes to a nearby lake, covers herself in the shroud, rolls herself downhill into the water, and drowns."] ["Snàporaz  wakes up during a train ride and has a brief fling with a woman in the bathroom, but it's cut short when the train suddenly stops and the woman gets off. Snàporaz follows her into the woods, through the wilderness and into a Grand Hotel overrun with women in attendance for a surrealistic feminist convention. He winds up in a conference about polyandry, where his presence is rejected. A frightened Snàporaz retreats to the hotel lobby, but the exit is blocked; instead he seeks refuge with a girl who offers her assistance, Donatella , inside an elevator. Donatella leads Snàporaz into a gymnasium and forces him to don roller skates. He is yet again cornered and berated by a group of angry women who circle around him in roller skates and practice testicle-kicking with a dummy. Dazed, Snàporaz makes his exit down a flight of stairs, falling down and badly hurting himself, and into the domain of a burly woman  tending to the hotel's furnace. The woman showers and offers him a ride to the train station on her motorcycle, but stops by a farm and lures Snàporaz into a nursery, where she tries to rape him. The rape is cut short by the woman's mother, who steps in to chastise her daughter, and Snàporaz decides to follow instead a lonely woman through the country side. He joins her and her girlfriends on a car ride on the promise of being delivered to the station, but the ride goes on well into the night and all they do is hang out high on drugs and listen to techno. A frustrated Snàporaz ditches them and is harassed by them and two more cars until he finds shelter in the off-limits private property of one Dr. Xavier Katzone , who hails gunfire on his persecutors. Dr. Katzone promises to deliver Snàporaz to the train station the following morning and invites him to stay on for a party. Snàporaz walks around Katzone's extravagant household, which is filled with sexual imagery and suggestive, phalic sculptures. He is also fascinated by a collection of photographs hanging from the manor walls that become alight by pressing a button and whisper out arousing dialogue. Katzone takes pride on his many inventions and sets on to celebrate his 10,000th photograph with an eccentric party that involves the blowing of 10,000 candles and a performance by his wife, in which she lures objects such as coins and pearls into her vagina by means of telepathy. It is in this party that Snàporaz comes across his ex wife, Elena , who has a drunken argument with him, and meets Donatella again. The police  arrives, interrupting Katzone mid-song, announcing the imminent demolition of his house. They also inform him that they've shot one of his dogs, Italo, his most beloved. A grieved Katzone gives burial to him. Meanwhile, Snàporaz dances to Fred Astaire with Donatella and a friend of hers , but fails to sleep with either of them, instead getting stuck with his ex on bed. Unable to sleep and hearing strange noises, he crawls under the bed, entering a dream-like world in which he slides down a toboggan, along the way revisiting his childhood crushes . He is caged at the end of the slide and transported before a strange court, where he is judged for his masculinity. Although he is dismissed to go free, he decides to confront his tentative punishment, and escalates a towering ring before a feminine crowd. At the top of the ring he climbs up a ladder and into a hot air balloon in the shape of Donatella. Donatella herself fires at him from below with a machine-gun, bursting the balloon and sending Snàporaz plummeting to apparent death. Snàporaz then wakes up on the very same train from the beginning of the film, showing the story to have been a mere nightmare. Just as he comes to this conclusion, he realizes his glasses are broken  and that the wagon is filled by the women that crowded his dream. The train then races into a tunnel and credits roll."] ['The film is a quiet drama about a lonely,sad, unfortunate middle-aged woman. Banalata  has lived a solitary existence since her husband-to-be died the night before their wedding from a snake bite. Never having quite gotten over the tragedy, she rarely ventures out and is clearly very lonely. This changes when she agrees to allow a film production to shoot in a wing in her sprawling estate. Suddenly her house is filled with movie stars and glamorous people, including the beautiful actress Sudeshna  and charming director Deepankar . Though she knows that not only is Deepankar married but that his former lover Sudeshna still holds a torch for him, the lonely widow finds herself drawn to the director. He is exactly the sort of worldly character whom she has always longed to meet. The rakish man flirts back and even persuades Banalata to appear in a bit part in the movie. Yet once the film crew decamps, things at the estate return to the same grinding tedium as before, though the woman feels her isolation all the more acutely. The letters that Banalata writes to Deepankar go unanswered, and her bit part in the movie ends up on the cutting-room floor.{{cite web}}'] ['The film opens with the final moments of Tomas\'s noon service. In attendance are only a handful of people, including fisherman Jonas Persson and his wife Karin , and Tomas\'s ex-mistress, the atheistic Märta . After the service, Tomas, though coming down with a cold, prepares for his 3 o\'clock service in another town. Before he leaves, however, the Perssons arrive to speak to him. Jonas has become morose after hearing that China is developing an atomic bomb. Tomas speaks to the man briefly, but asks Jonas to return after taking his wife home. No sooner have the Perssons left than Märta enters, attempts to comfort the miserable Tomas, and asks if he\'s read the letter she wrote to him. He hasn\'t. Tomas tells her of his failure to help Jonas, and wonders if he will have anything to say, since he is without hope as well. Märta states her love for Tomas, but also her belief that he doesn\'t love her. She leaves, and Tomas reads her letter. In an unbroken shot lasting almost six minutes, Bergman has Märta face the camera and speak the contents of the letter. In it, she coldly attacks Tomas for his neglect of her, relating a story of how a rash that disfigured her body repulsed him, and neither his faith nor his prayers did anything to help her. Tomas finishes the letter, and falls asleep. Awakened by the return of Jonas, Tomas clumsily tries to provide counsel, before finally admitting that he has no faith as well. He tells the depressed man that his  faith was an egotistical one – God loved humanity, but Tomas most of all. Serving in Lisbon during the Spanish Civil War, Tomas could not reconcile his loving God with the atrocities being committed, so he ignored them. Tomas finally tells Jonas that things make more sense if we deny the existence of God, because then man\'s cruelty needs no explanation. Jonas leaves, and Tomas faces the crucifix and declares himself finally free. Märta, who has been lurking in the chapel, is overjoyed to hear this, and embraces Tomas . They are interrupted by the widow Magdalena, who tells them that Jonas has just committed suicide with a rifle. Tomas drives, alone, to the scene. Shot in an awkward, distant style , Tomas stoically helps the police cover Jonas\'s body with a tarp, then stands guard while waiting for the "van" to collect the body, which arrives shortly. Märta arrives on foot, and she and Tomas drive off to her home, where she invites him in to take some medicine for his cold. Waiting in the classroom attached to her house , Tomas finally lashes out at her, telling her first that he rejected her because he was tired of the gossip about them. When that fails to deter her affections, Tomas then tells her that he was tired of her constant talking, and that Märta could never measure up to his late wife, the only woman he has ever loved. Though shocked by the attack, Märta agrees to drive with him to the Persson house. Informed of Jonas\'s suicide, Karin collapses onto the stairs and wonders how she and her children will go on. Tomas makes a perfunctory offer of help, and leaves. Arriving for the 3 o\'clock service at the second church, Tomas and Märta find the building empty except for Algot, the hunchbacked sexton, and Fredrik, the organist . Fredrik tells Märta that she should leave the small town and Tomas and live her life, rather than stay and have her dreams crushed like the rest of them. Meanwhile in the vestry, Algot questions Tomas about the Passion. Algot wonders why so much emphasis was placed on the physical suffering of Jesus, which was brief, versus the many betrayals he faced from his disciples  and finally from God, who did not answer him on the cross. He asks, "Wasn\'t God\'s silence worse?" Tomas, who has been listening silently, answers yes. Fredrik and Algot wonder if they should have a service since no one showed up, but Tomas replies that someone has shown up: Märta. Tomas begins the service as the film ends.'] ["The film is derived from a classic folk tale, originally narrated by Vijaydan Detha, and interpreted as folk play by Habib Tanvir. The film charts the tumultuous life of a petty thief, Charandas . Curiously he is a man of principles – an honest thief with a strong sense of integrity and professional efficiency. He makes four vows to his Guru, that he would never eat in a gold plate, never lead a procession that is in his honour, never become a king and never marry a princess, thinking all of them are far out possibilities for him. Later, his guru adds a fifth one - never to tell a lie and sets him of on his life's journey which leads him to a kingdom, where the turn of events make him famous, and eventually he is offered the seat of political power which he has to refuse. Later, the local princess  gets enchanted by him, and proposes to marry him. This is when his refusal costs him his life. As he is put to death, he illustrates the inherent paradox in human existence, where truthful existence becomes an impossibility, for the truthful and the accidentally truthfuls, alike."] ["Jean Fournier  is a young bank employee who is encouraged by his friend Caron to take an interest in gambling. After winning money in a game of roulette, he decides to vacation in Nice, where he falls in love with Jackie , divorced and mother to a child she rarely visits. Though Jackie also enjoys Jean's company, she constantly warns him that her passion for gambling will always be greater. Jean becomes jealous of not having all of her attention and has mixed feelings about gambling, yet he too is to some extend seduced by this new life style that involves taking risks. Despite Jackie's cool façade and alleged control over her choices - she claims she is unattached to the money itself, but rather the thrill of the game, and doesn't mind going from rich to poor in a matter of seconds -, she soon begins to reveal her vulnerability and the emptiness she often feels as result of her addiction."] ["The story is set in a small village of Himachal Pradesh, where a girl, Binya, trades her bear claw necklace for a pretty, blue, Japanese umbrella. The richest man in the village is the shopkeeper of an old ruined shop. Soon the shopkeeper becomes envious of the umbrella. He will not pay for one from Japan and employs a boy to steal Binya's. In a pasture, Binya finds her umbrella missing. Soon after, the shopkeeper gets a similar umbrella in red. With this, the center of attraction shifts from the girl to the shopkeeper. His celebrity status does not last long as the villagers discover the red umbrella is the stolen umbrella, only it had been dyed. The shopkeeper's name is tarnished and people stop visiting his shop. The story concludes with the girl giving the umbrella to the shopkeeper and dancing down the road, happy."] ['Two emotionally estranged sisters, Ester  and Anna , and Anna\'s son, Johan , a boy of 10, are on a night train journey back home. Ester , the older sister and a literary translator, is seriously ill. Anna coldly assists her, seemingly resenting the burden. They decide to interrupt the journey in the next town called "Timoka", settled in a fictitious Central European country with an incomprehensible language and on the brink of war. The sisters rent a two-room-apartment in a once-grandiose hotel. Ester suffers in her room, self-medicating with vodka and cigarettes while trying to work. Anna ventures into the city and is openly advanced by a waiter in a cafe. Later, she watches a show in an uncrowded theatre, and is both repelled and fascinated when a young couple begin to have sex in a seat nearby. Anna returns to the cafe and picks up the waiter, with whom she has sex in an empty church. Left with Johan while his mother is out, Ester attempts to form a more intimate bond with him, but Johan avoids her attempts to stroke his hair and face. On Anna\'s return, Ester is angered when she guesses what her sister has done after seeing her soiled dress. Provoked, Anna spitefully reveals all of the details of the encounter to her sister. Anna also reveals her intention to meet the man again that evening, which Ester, not wanting to be left alone, begs her not to do. Meanwhile, Anna\'s son Johan wanders around the hotel\'s hallways, encountering the elderly hotel porter and a group of Spanish dwarves who are part of a traveling show. Anna meets the man in their hotel, and Johan witnesses them kissing and entering a room down an adjacent hall. Upon returning to the room, he asks Ester, why his mother dislikes being with them, as she always departs as soon as she gets the chance. Ester tells him that she has learned a few words of the local language, and she promises to write them down for him. Johan, instinctively knowing Ester is seriously ill, embraces her in a show of concern and compassion. After Johan has fallen asleep, Ester sobs at the door of Anna and her lover, asking to come in. Anna lets her in and turns on the lights so that Ester can fully see the two of them in bed together. Anna tells Ester that she once aspired to be like her, morally elevated, but realized that her apparent goodness was actually a reflection of Ester\'s hatred of Anna and all that belonged to her. Ester insists that she loves her and that Anna is wrong. Anna gets furious and asks her to leave the room. On leaving, Ester says "poor Anna", enraging her even more. Anna\'s lover advances her again; Anna is laughing hysterically, but it turns into sobs. The next morning, Anna announces that she and Johan are going to leave the hotel after breakfast. Ester deteriorates while they are gone, having painful spasms of suffocation. She is helped by the elderly porter, who attempts to comfort her; she reveals her fear of death and loneliness but also her loathing for sexual contact. When Johan returns to say good-bye, Ester gives him a note. After he and Anna have boarded the train, Johan reads the title: "To Johan – words in a foreign language". Uninterested, Anna opens the window and cools herself with the outside rain.'] ["Firaaq follows the life of several ordinary people, some who were victims, some silent observers and some perpetrators one month after the 2002 violence in Gujarat. It focuses on how their lives are affected and  changed. Khan Saheb , is an elderly Muslim classical vocalist, who remains blissfully optimistic of the situation happening around him. His servant, Karim Mian, tries to alert him to the problems the Muslim community is facing, but Khan Saheb only realizes the extent of the trauma upon seeing the destruction of a shrine dedicated to the Sufi saint, Wali Gujarati. A middle-aged Hindu housewife, Aarti , is traumatized because she did not help a Muslim woman being chased by a mob, and finds a way to atone for her sins upon finding Mohsin, a Muslim orphan who wanders the city in search for his family. Meanwhile her husband, Sanjay , and his brother, Deven , try to bribe police officers to prevent Deven's arrest for gang-rape. Muneera  and her husband Hanif , are a young Muslim couple who return home only to find it looted and burnt. Muneera struggles to relate to her Hindu neighbor, Jyoti  in the following days, as she suspects her for taking part in the looting. Hanif, along with several other Muslim men, plan to retaliate against the violence and their helplessness by searching for a gun to exact revenge. Sameer  Shaikh and Anuradh Desai  are a wealthy, interreligious couple, whose store was burnt during the carnage. They decide to move to Delhi to escape the violence and Sameer comes into conflict with his wife's family over expressing his identity as a Muslim in India."] ["The film opens at a Rotary Club function to honor the recently retired Justice Jyotin Chatterjee. The judge has served the profession all his life with honor and spotless integrity. As he is about to retire, he recognizes there will now be a void in his life. His wife remarks to reporters that neither he nor she knows what he would do after he retires. Retired life is not easy for the aging judge. The younger generation is bolder and quicker than he was in his time. He is invited as the guest of honor at many functions. But he finds that his stump speech about the venerable and time-tested legal profession falls flat. The youngsters wish to know when the law will relax its grip on their issues . The judge admits that love makes the world go round and urges the youngsters to enjoy their youth but to do so responsibly. The judge also agrees  to a suggestion from his family and visits Joggers Park to get some exercise. He finds that the Park moves at the pace of its younger regulars, much too quickly for him. He wonders if he will ever catch up. Around this time he meets Jenny Suratwala at Joggers Park. Jenny is a young and vivacious freelance model and event planner. One of his speeches had made an impression on her young mind, and she wishes to learn more about him. They become friends. As their friendship deepens, they discover a new world in each other. Jenny learns from the judge's vast experiences, and the judge uses her perspectives to enter and appreciate the younger generation. Jenny brings an element of need. She is faced with a legal problem around the ownership of her late father's apartment, and the judge helps her fight and win her case. The friendship deepens. The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her. She, too, pines for him when they are apart. Around this time, some of Jenny's younger male colleagues are perturbed by this relationship. It thwarts them from pursuing Jenny, and it is not socially acceptable because of the conspicuous age difference. They resolve to find a way to end it, and settle on stalking the couple and taking pictures of their intimate moments.  On one occasion, Jenny discovers them taking pictures, and she angrily berates them and destroys some of the pictures. Jenny finally admits she is in love with the judge. Meanwhile, the judge is faced with a family problem of his own. His son has been caught having an affair. His daughter exposes the incident and asks the judge, the vanguard of honor, to deliver judgement. The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family. The family honor comes first. Jenny has an upcoming birthday. One of her friends is planning the party. She invites the judge to attend the party and openly profess his love for her. If he truly meant his speeches, then he must act accordingly and express his feelings without fear or remorse. On the day of the party, a strange man shows up at the judge's house. He is Tariq Ahmed, the editor and publisher of a local tabloid. Jenny's jealous colleagues brought the photos to his tabloid, and Tariq intercepted them just in time to avoid publication. It turns out that Tariq owes a debt of gratitude to the judge for having helped him with a difficult case several years ago. He turns the photos over to the judge's daughter. The daughter confronts the judge. This incident also involves the family honor. The judge is compelled to end his relationship with Jenny. Several years later, the judge runs into Jenny at the airport. Jenny is now married and has a child. They greet each other warmly and Jenny introduces him  to her husband. They fondly remember their previous association as the film ends."] ["The story begins with unemployed Manu , from Bhagalpur in search of money to finance his new business as he has lost his earlier job at a jute mill. On his quest, he visits Neeru  in Calcutta, to whom he was engaged six years ago. During the rainy evening, the couple reminisce about their former love and how each ended up in their current situation. Neeru pretends to lead a happy and prosperous life. She gestures to her former lover during various instances, particularly when the door bell rings and she persuades Manu not to open the door. They go on talking about their past and present with multiple flashbacks. The raincoat comes to play when Neeru wears it to go out and fetch some food. The landlord  speaks of the real situation of the household, and prompts Manu to give his borrowed money as rent for the house. Manu leaves a letter under the bed sheet explaining things. When Neeru returns he does not say anything about his encounter with her landlord. After some time Manu leaves. Later, when he puts his hand inside the pocket of his raincoat, he finds a pair of gold bangles that belonged to Neeru, along with a letter saying that she had a lot of money and he should have told her about his financial situation. She had actually read a letter that was inside the raincoat that informed her about Manu's condition."] ["Siti  and Setio  are a married couple living in a small village. They were once dancers in plays depicting the Ramayana, but have since retired from the stage to sell earthenware pottery. Siti used to play the part of Sita, the wife of Prince Rama, whom Setio portrayed. In an episode from the Ramayana, Siti becomes the object desire of evil King Ravana and is abducted by him. The events of the Ramayana are paralleled in the characters' real lives when Ludiro , a butcher who rules over all the village's business affairs, tries to seduce Siti."] ["{{plot}}, p.284. It is a tale about the downfall of the once-powerful Ichimonji clan after its patriarch Hidetora decides to give control of his kingdom up to his three sons: Taro, Jiro, and Saburo. Taro, the eldest, will receive the prestigious First Castle and become leader of the Ichimonji clan, while Jiro and Saburo will be given the Second and Third Castles. Hidetora will remain the titular leader and retain the title of Great Lord. Jiro and Saburo are to support Taro, and Hidetora illustrates this by using a bundle of arrows.This is based on a parable of Mori Motonari: he handed each of his sons an arrow and asked for them to snap it. After each snapped their arrows, he showed them three arrows and asked if they could snap them. When they all failed, Motonari preached how one arrow could be broken easily but three arrows could not. However, in Ran Saburo smashes the bundle across his knee and calls the lesson stupid. Saburo criticizes the logic of Hidetora's plan. Hidetora achieved power through violence and treachery, he reminds his father, yet he foolishly expects his sons to be loyal to him. Hidetora mistakes these comments for a threat; and, when his servant Tango comes to Saburo's defense, he banishes both of them. Later, Fujimaki, a warlord who had witnessed these events, invites Saburo to his dominions and offers him his daughter to marry. Following Hidetora's abdication, Taro's wife Lady Kaede begins pushing for Taro to take direct control of the Ichimonji clan, and engineers a rift between Taro and Hidetora. Lady Kaede resents Hidetora for massacring her family in a previous war and forcing her to marry Taro. Matters come to a head when Hidetora kills one of Taro's guards who was threatening his fool Kyoami. When Taro subsequently demands that Hidetora renounce his title of Great Lord, Hidetora storms out of the castle. He then travels to Jiro's castle, only to discover that Jiro is more interested in using Hidetora as a pawn in his own power play. Hidetora and his escort leave Jiro's castle to wander, finding no food in the villages abandoned by the peasants. Eventually Tango appears with provisions. In a moment of anger Hidetora orders his escort to burn the villages down. Tango intervenes and Hidetora learns from him of Taro's decree: death to whoever aids his father. Hidetora journeys thus to the Third Castle, which had been abandoned after Saburo's forces followed their lord into exile. Tango and Kyoami only do not follow him. They take shelter in the castle only to be ambushed by the combined forces of Taro and Jiro. In a horrific massacre that is the centerpiece of the film, all of Hidetora's bodyguards fall in battle, two of his concubines stab each other to death in a mutual suicide, the others are shot during the storming, and the castle is set on fire. Hidetora is left to commit seppuku. However, to his dismay, Hidetora's sword has been broken and he cannot. Instead of killing himself, Hidetora has a psychotic episode and wanders away from the burning castle, his attackers unable to kill him because of their low status and too awe-struck by his transformation to stop him. As Taro and Jiro's forces storm the castle, Jiro's general Kurogane assassinates Taro by shooting him down in the confusion of the battle. Hidetora is discovered wandering in the wilderness by Tango and Kyoami, who along with Saburo remain the only people still loyal to him. They take refuge in a peasant's home only to discover that the occupant is Tsurumaru, the brother of Lady Sué , whom Hidetora had ordered blinded years ago. Upon his return from battle, Jiro begins having an affair with Lady Kaede, who quickly becomes the power behind his throne. She demands that Jiro divorce his wife Lady Sué and marry her instead. When he does so, she also demands that he have Sué killed. Kurogane is given the order but he publicly disobeys and warns Jiro not to trust his wife. Instead he warns Sue and Tsurumaru to flee, who will eventually reach their former home, a ruined castle that Hidetora had destroyed in an earlier war. Meanwhile, Hidetora's party hides out in the remains of the same castle. At one point Tango chases two men from Hidetora's bodyguard who he discovers had betrayed their former master. As Tango fights and kills the two traitors, one of them says that Jiro is talking of trying to hunt down and kill Hidetora, and since Hidetora refuses with terror to meet his youngest son, Tango rides off to bring Saburo to Hidetora instead, while Kyoami stays to assist the mad man. In his madness Hidetora is haunted by horrific visions of the people he destroyed in his quest for power. The insanity finally becomes too much for him to bear; eluding his servant, he flees into the wilderness. With Hidetora's location a mystery and his plight now known, Saburo's army crosses back into the kingdom to find him. Alarmed at what he suspects is treachery by Saburo and by the entry of two rival warlords on Saburo's side, Jiro hastily mobilizes his army to stop them. The two forces meet on the field of Hachiman. Sensing a major battle, Saburo's new patron Fujimaki marches to the border. Another rival warlord, Ayabe, also shows up with his own army. After arranging a truce with Jiro, Saburo rides off to find Hidetora. Against the advice of Kurogane, Jiro orders an attack, and his forces are decimated by arquebus fire from Saburo's army, who had fled into the nearby wilderness for cover. In the middle of the battle, word reaches Jiro and Kurogane that Ayabe has slipped away with much of his army and is marching on the First Castle. Jiro's army promptly disintegrates and flees back to the castle. In the end, Saburo finds Hidetora. The two are reunited and Hidetora comes to his senses. However, Saburo is promptly shot and killed by shooters that Jiro had sent out earlier. Overcome with grief, Hidetora dies, marking the end of the Ichimonji clan. When Kurogane hears that Lady Sué has been finally murdered by one of Jiro's men, Kurogane beheads Lady Kaede after she admits that all of her actions were to avenge herself against the Ichimonji clan and destroy it. Jiro, Kurogane, and all Jiro's men die in the battle with Ayabe's army that follows. The film ends with a shot of Tsurumaru, blind and alone, on top of the ruined castle."] ["Raghu is one of two children born to Raghava Chakyar  and his wife. Born quite late in his parents' marriage, Raghu is brought up with immense devotion and love until adulthood. Now studying in an engineering college far from home, Raghu must return home for the engagement ceremony of his sister , but fails to turn up. His father Raghavan waits endlessly for his son to return. Raghavan takes daily trips to the local bus stop, waiting all day in the hope that Raghu will eventually come home. Soon it emerges, and the family come to know through newspapers, that Raghu has been taken into custody by the police for political reasons. Raghavan sets out to try and find his son, and he eventually reaches police headquarters. However the police pretend not to know about Raghu, or his whereabouts, and furthermore, deny the fact that Raghu was taken into custody. Raghu's sister eventually comes to the realization that her brother probably has died as a result of police torture, but hasn't the heart to tell her father. Raghavan slowly begins to lose grip of reality, and starts to dream of his family reuniting once more."] ['Kitano plays a hapless film director in search of a commercial hit, while suffering failure after failure as he tries out different genres.'] ["The film is set before, during and after the Great War in several different parts of France, Austria, and Germany. Jules  is a shy writer from Austria who forges a friendship with the more extroverted Jim . They share an interest in the world of the arts and the Bohemian lifestyle. At a slide show early in the movie, they become entranced with a statue of a goddess and its serene smile. After encounters with several women, they meet the free-spirited, capricious Catherine , a doppelgänger for the statue with the serene smile. Although she begins a relationship with Jules, both men are affected by her presence and her attitude toward life. A few days before the declaration of war, Jules and Catherine move to Austria to get married. Both men serve during the war; however, they serve on the opposing sides, and each fears throughout the conflict that he might have killed the other. After the wartime separation, Jim visits, and later stays with, Jules and Catherine in their house in the Black Forest. Jules and Catherine have a little daughter, Sabine, but the marriage is not a happy one. Catherine torments and punishes Jules with numerous affairs, and she tells Jim that she once left Jules and their daughter for six months. She flirts with and attempts to seduce Jim, who has never forgotten her. Jules, desperate that Catherine might leave him forever, gives his blessing for Jim to marry Catherine so that he may continue to visit them and see her. For a while, the four of them live happily together in the same chalet in Austria, until tensions between Jim and Catherine arise because of their inability to have a child. Jim leaves Catherine and returns to Paris. After several exchanges of letters between Catherine and Jim, they resolve to reunite when it is discovered that Catherine is indeed with child after all. However, the reunion does not occur after Jules writes to inform Jim that his and Catherine's unborn baby has miscarried. After a time, Jim runs into Jules in Paris. He finds that Jules and Catherine have returned to France. Catherine attempts to win Jim back, but he rebuffs her, saying he is going to marry Gilberte. Furious, she pulls a gun on him, but he wrestles it away and flees. He later encounters Jules and Catherine in a famous  movie theater, the Studio des Ursulines. The three of them stop at an outdoor cafe. Catherine asks Jim to get into her car, saying she has something to tell him. She asks Jules to watch them and drives the car off a broken bridge, killing herself and Jim. Jules is left to deal with the ashes of his friends."] ['An aging circus ringmaster visits his estranged wife to see his young sons. Meanwhile, his jealous young lover has an affair with an actor.'] ["The film, based on the story Kari Nagaragalu by Kannada writer Banu Mushtaq, looks at Hasina  who marries auto driver Yakub against his mother's wishes. The couple have three daughters the visually impaired Munni, Shubby and Habeeb. Pregnant with their fourth child, the couple break social codes and do a pregnancy scan to ascertain the baby's gender. When Yakub realises it is yet another girl, he becomes at turns abusive and neglectful, eventually leaving Hasina to fend for herself.{{cite web}}"] ['Amma  and her son Benwa  become Bombay’s slum-dwellers after running away from their village, after her husband kills a moneylender who tried to rape her. The husband is then shot trying to steal some tin to build a hut. In Bombay, Amma has a lover who provides for her and her son. Since the lover is a truck driver who travels most of the time, Amma takes on another lover - a vain pimp and petty crook, Lukka , who becomes Benwa’s idol. Lukka is on parole and ordered to be present before the police every day. Benwa marries the young Amli . Amma meanwhile becomes pregnant, though it is never clear whose child it is. Amma, of course, lets Anna  know that it is his because she knows that of her two lovers, he alone is capable and responsible enough to take care of her and her child. Lukka reappears, ravaged by syphilis and drugs; he is now a changed man and is disenchanted with the criminal life. But he still lives a life of crime and it is implied that there is no other choice for him. He even tries to dissuade Benwa from a life of crime without much success. Lukka is assaulted by the police at his illicit liquor den. The climax has Lukka assaulting a chemist who refuses to give him medicines unless he pays for it. Lukka grabs some medicines and makes a run for it, is chased by the police and hides in Amma’s hut. The cops find him and arrest both him and Benwa, beating them brutally in the process. Amma has a miscarriage in the scuffle. In the end, bulldozers arrives to flatten the entire slum. A sort of exodus is shown in the final moments of the movie - and Benwa & Amli move on to a new slum, and a new shanty hut to continue the CHAKRA The Wheel of Life. http://www.answers.com/topic/chakra-film'] ['Rahul, a creative and sensitive individual, arrives at a lonely hill station in Sikkim to help build a new holiday resort. The friendship between the two couples, Rahul and Nandita and Amit and Preeti, paves the way for a deeper bond between Rahul and Preeti. Towards the end of the movie, this "anuranan" between the two is misunderstood by society, including Amit. This misunderstanding intensifies when Rahul suddenly dies, leaving Nandita lonely. The fact that the love between Rahul and Nandita was pure does not prevent Nandita from falling prey to the rumors as well. All the four main characters are depicted as lost and lonely.'] ['The film depicts four short stories from Pirandello\'s 15-volume series Novelle per un anno, which play around his birthplace in the 19th century. A raven, which in the introduction is shown to get a bell around his neck from locals, leads one from one story to the next. * L’altro figlio  is about a mother whose two sons have emigrated to the United States. She hasn\'t heard from them since , but still favors them over a third son who has stayed behind and tries to help and please his mother. The reason for her completely shunning him are explained in flashbacks to events in 1848. The opening sequence showed children sliding down the vast slopes of white pumice that flowed into the sea on the island of Lipari. * Mal di luna  Three weeks after their honeymoon, Sidora discovers that, during the full moon, her husband Batà spends the night howling outside like a werewolf and scratching to get back in. Batà tries to save his marriage by allowing her to have the handsome Saro spend the full-moon nights at their place to protect Sidora. * La Giara  In this comedic section, a feudal landlord  orders a very large jar for his olive oil, but the new jar breaks almost immediately under mysterious circumstances. The great "jar-fixer" Zi\' Dima, famous for his secret-recipe glue, is called to repair the jar, but Zi\' Dima manages to fix the jar with himself in it and Don Lollò refuses to break the jar again to let him out. * Requiem Instigated by the imminent death of their founding father, farmers in a remote hamlet on grounds owned by a baron try to obtain the rights to bury their dead locally rather than in the town, which is over a day\'s hike away. The baron refuses and carabinieri escort the peasants back to their hamlet to break down the beginnings of a graveyard the peasants are building. An epilogue, Colloquio con la madre , of similar length as the stories, describes Pirandello\'s fictional visit home many years after his mother has died. He asks his mother to retell the story of a trip to Malta she took as a child to visit her exiled father.'] ['In a run-down Edo tenement, an elderly man  and his bitter wife  rent out rooms and beds to the poor. The tenants are gamblers, prostitutes, petty thieves and drunk layabouts, all struggling to survive. The landlady’s younger sister  who helps the landlords with the maintenance of the place, brings in an old man  and rents him a bed. Kahei quickly assumes the role of the mediator and grandfatherly figure, though there is an air of mystery about him and some of the tenants suspect his past is not unblemished. Sutekichi, the thief and self-appointed tenement leader, is having an affair with Osugi the landlady, though he is gradually shifting his attention to her younger and sweet-tempered sister, Okayo. Okayo thinks little of him, however, which frustrates Sutekichi and sours his relationship with Osugi. Jealous and vengeful, Osugi conspires to seduce Sutekichi to murder her husband so she can turn him over to the authorities. Sutekichi sees through her seduction and refuses to take any part in the murder. The husband discovers the affair, gets into a fight with Sutekichi, and is saved only through Kahei’s intervention. Slowly, Okayo begins to see the good in Sutekuchi and warms up to his advances. Rokubei and Osugi beat Okayo, prompting the tenants to break into the landlords’ house to save her. Sutekichi is enraged to learn about the way Okayo was treated, and in the ensuing chaos, Rokubei is accidentally killed after being assaulted by Sutekichi. Osugi blames Sutekichi for the killing of her husband. Rather than defend himself, the enraged Sutekichi claims that she had goaded him into doing it. Okayo now believes that the two of them have used her to provide an excuse for killing Osugi’s husband. She will have nothing to do with Sutekichi. Kahei, whose testimony could potentially have cleared Sutekichi, runs away for fear he would have to appear in court to testify . Sutekichi and Osugi are arrested. Other subplots, some of a comic nature, involve the occupants of the tenement: an aging actor who has lost his ability to memorize lines; a craftsman who is indifferent to the impending death of his ailing wife, yet when she finally dies he becomes a broken man; a destitute who claims to be descended from a samurai family, only to have this claim refuted; and a group of partying drunks who seem to rejoice in the face of misfortune.'] ["The film follows Marie , a shy farm girl, and her beloved donkey Balthazar, over many years. As Marie grows up the pair become separated, but the film traces both their fates as they live parallel lives, continually taking abuse of all forms from the people they encounter. The donkey has several owners, most of whom exploit him, often with more cruelty than kindness. He bears his suffering with nobility and wisdom, becoming a saint in the process. Balthazar and Marie often suffer at the hands of the same people. But in the end, Marie's fate remains unclear, whereas the donkey's is clear."] ["While scrubbing the floor at home, Belle  is interrupted by her brother's friend Avenant  who tells her she deserves better and suggests they get married. Belle rejects Avenant, as she wishes to stay home and take care of her father, who has suffered much since his ships were lost at sea and the family fortune along with them. Belle's father  arrives home announcing he has come into great fortune that he will pick up the next day, along with gifts for his daughters, Belle's shrewish sisters Adelaide and Felicie. Belle's roguish brother Ludovic  signs a contract from a moneylender  allowing him to the ability to sue Ludovic's father if he can't pay. Later, Belle's father finds on his arrival that his fortune has been seized to clear his debts and is forced to return home through the forest at night. Belle's father gets lost in the forest and finds himself at a large castle whose gates and doors magically open themselves. On entering the castle, he is guided by an enchanted candelabra that leads him to a laden dinner table where he falls asleep. Awakened by a loud roar, Belle's father wanders the castle's grounds. Remembering that Belle asked for a rose, he plucks a rose from a tree which makes the Beast  appear. The Beast threatens to kill him for theft but then suggests that one of his daughters can take his place. The Beast offers his horse Magnificent to guide him through the woods home. Belle's father explains the situation to his family and Avenant, as Belle agrees to go and take her father's place. Belle rides Magnificent to the castle, finding the Beast. Belle faints at the sight of him and is carried to her room in the castle. Belle wakes up and finds a magic mirror which allows her to see anything. The Beast invites Belle to dinner, where he tells her that she's in equal command to him and that she will be asked every day to marry him. Days pass as Belle grows more accustomed and fond of the Beast, but continues to refuse marriage. Using the magic mirror Belle finds her father deathly ill. The Beast grants her permission to leave for a week. He gives Belle two magical items: A glove that can transport her wherever she wishes and a golden key that unlocks Diana's Pavilion, the source of the Beast's true riches. Belle uses the glove to appear in her bedridden father's room, where her visit restores him to health. Belle finds her family living in poverty, having never recovered from Ludovic's deal with the moneylender. Jealous of Belle's rich life at the castle, Adelaide and Felicie steal her golden key and devise a plan to turn Ludovic and Avenant against the Beast. Avenant and Ludovic devise a plan of their own to kill the Beast, and agree to aid Belle's sisters. To stall Belle, her sisters trick her into staying past her seven day limit by pretending to love her. Belle reluctantly agrees to stay. The Beast sends Magnificent with the magic mirror to retrieve Belle but Ludovic and Avenant find Magnificent first, and ride him to the castle. Belle later finds the mirror which reveals the Beast's sorrowful face in its reflection. Belle realizes she is missing the golden key as the mirror breaks. Distraught, Belle returns to the castle using the magic glove and finds the Beast in the courtyard, near death from a broken heart. Meanwhile, Avenant and Ludovic stumble upon Diana's Pavilion. Thinking that their stolen key may trigger a trap, they scale the wall of the Pavilion. As the Beast dies in Belle's arms, Avenant breaks into the Pavilion through its glass roof and is shot with an arrow by an animated statue of the Roman goddess Diana and is himself turned into a Beast. As this happens, arising from where the Beast lay dead is Prince Ardent  who is cured from being the Beast. Prince Ardent and Belle embrace, then fly away to his kingdom where she will be his Queen, and where her father will stay with them and Belle's evil sisters will carry the train of her gown."] ['Gianni  has left his son Paolo ([[Andrea Rossi  in the care of others since the day he was born. He has not been able to cope with the fact that Paolo’s mother died in childbirth and Paolo has not grown up like all the other children because of his handicap. Paolo is now fifteen years old and is about to meet his father for the first time. Gianni has been asked by the caretakers of his son to take him to a Berlin hospital for yearly tests and check-ups. According to their doctor, the "shock" of meeting his own father could help Paolo in his treatment. When Gianni boards the night train which Paolo is already riding, it is Gianni who is in for a shock. Paolo does not seem particularly impressed nor disturbed by this first meeting with his biological father. He seems more interested in his Game Boy instead. Gianni and Nicole  meet accidentally in the Berlin hospital, and even though he feels awkward and almost ashamed at being seen as having fathered "such a child", they somehow connect. Nicole has spent her life caring for her daughter and could teach Gianni something if only he were willing to listen. Through a series of chance encounters aided by a book left behind by Nicole , they meet several times and get talking.'] ['  The film opens with a title card reading "Once upon a time". A middle-aged man  sharpens his razor at his balcony door and tests the razor on his thumb. He then opens the door, and idly fingers the razor while gazing at the moon, about to be engulfed by a thin cloud, from his balcony. There is a cut to a close-up of a young woman  being held by the man as she calmly stares straight ahead. Another cut occurs to the moon being overcome by the cloud as the man slits the woman\'s eye with the razor, and the vitreous humour spills out from it. The subsequent title card reads "eight years later". A slim young man  bicycles down a calm urban street wearing what appears to be a nun\'s habit and a striped box with a strap around his neck. A cut occurs to the young woman from the first scene, who has been reading in a sparingly furnished upstairs apartment. She hears the young man approaching on his bicycle and casts aside the book she was reading . She goes to the window and sees the young man lying on the curb, his bicycle on the ground. She emerges from the building and attempts to revive the young man. Later, the young woman assembles pieces of the young man\'s clothing on a bed in the upstairs room, and concentrates upon the clothing. The young man appears near the door. The young man and the young woman stare at his hand, which has a hole in the palm from which ants emerge. A slow transition occurs focusing on the armpit hair of the young woman as she lies on the beach and a sea urchin at a sandy location. There is a cut to an androgynous young woman in the street below the apartment, poking at a severed hand with a cane while surrounded by a large crowd and a policeman. The crowd clears when the policeman places the hand in the box previously carried by the young man and gives it to the young woman. The androgynous young woman contemplates something happily while standing in the middle of the now busy street clutching the box. She is then run over by a car and a few bystanders gather around her. The young man and the young woman watch these events unfold from the apartment window. The young man seems to take sadistic pleasure in the androgynous young woman\'s danger and subsequent death, and as he gestures at the shocked young woman in the room with him, he leers at her and grasps her bosom. The young woman resists him at first, but then allows him to touch her as he imagines her nude from the front and the rear. The young woman pushes him away as he drifts off and she attempts to escape by running to the other side of the room. The young man corners her as she reaches for a racquet in self-defense, but he suddenly picks up two ropes and drags two grand pianos containing dead and rotting donkeys, stone tablets containing the Ten Commandments, and two rather bewildered priests  who are attached by ropes. As he is unable to move, the young woman escapes the room. The young man chases after her, but she traps his hand, which is infested with ants, in the door. She finds the young man in the next room, dressed in his nun\'s garb in the bed.  The subsequent title card reads "around three in the morning". The young man is roused from his rest by the sound of a door-buzzer ringing . The young woman goes to answer the door and does not return. Another young man dressed in lighter clothing  arrives in the apartment, gesturing angrily at him. The second young man forces the first one to throw away his nun\'s clothing and then makes him stand against a wall. The subsequent title card reads "Sixteen years ago." We see the second young man from the front for the first time as he admires the art supplies and books on the table near the wall and forces the first young man to hold two of the books as he stares at the wall. The first young man eventually shoots the second young man when the books abruptly turn into pistols. The second young man, now in a meadow, dies while swiping at a nude figure which suddenly disappears into thin air. A group of men come and carry his corpse away. The young woman returns to the apartment and sees a death head moth. The first young man sneers at her as she retreats and wipes his mouth off his face with his hand. The young woman very nervously applies some lipstick in response. Subsequently the first young man makes the young woman\'s armpit hair attach itself to where his mouth would be on his face through gestures. The young woman looks at the first young man with disgust, and leaves the apartment sticking her tongue out at him. As she exits her apartment, the street is replaced by a coastal beach, where the young woman meets a third man with whom she walks arm in arm. He shows her the time on his watch and they walk near the rocks, where they find the remnants of the first young man\'s nun\'s clothing and the box. They seem to walk away clutching each other happily and make romantic gestures in a long tracking shot. However, the film abruptly cuts to the final shot with a title card reading "In Spring," showing the couple buried in sand up to their elbows.'] ["Vanaja  is the 15 year-old daughter of a poor, low caste fisherman from rural Andhra Pradesh. Her father, Somayya  struggles to support his family despite dwindling catches at sea and mounting debts. One day, Vanaja and her teenage friend, Lacchi , watch a theatrical performance by a former Kuchipudi  great, Rama Devi . The sequence of events lead to a soothsayer predicting to Vanaja that she will be a great dancer one day. With permission from her father, she goes to work in the house of the local landlady Rama Devi with the hope of learning Kuchipudi. While she is employed as a farmhand, she is entrusted with tending the chickens. When she gets caught while playfully chasing them, she lies to conceal her pranks. Her vivaciousness and spunk soon catch the landlady’s eye. To keep her out of trouble, Rama Devi soon promotes her to a kitchen underhand where she meets Rama Devi’s cook, the old, crusty and extremely loyal Radhamma . After settling down at the landlady's house, Vanaja gets invited to play a game of ashta chamma  against the landlady herself. Knowing that losing isn’t the mistress’s forte, she deliberately gives up her game. This gesture, in turn, eventually secures her the landlady’s mentorship, first in music and then in dance. Vanaja excels at these art forms and seems to be on a steadily ascending path until the arrival of Shekhar , the landlady's 23 year-old son, from the United States. Shekhar is a handsome, muscular young man who is running for an office in the local government. Sexual chemistry is ignited between Shekhar and Vanaja  when flirtation and sexual innuendo bloom. In the meanwhile, her father's fishing boat is taken away by creditors. He sinks into a state of sadness and begins to drink away her savings. On one occasion, Vanaja’s superior intellect pits her against Shekhar in a public incident which ultimately humiliates him in front of his mother. Matters escalate and on one day when Vanaja is raped by Shekhar. She eventually loses her job when she becomes pregnant and gives birth to a boy, much against Rama Devi’s wishes who would have liked her to abort the foetus. Vanaja hopes that the physical evidence of the child will be proof of the rape, and that somehow Shekhar will be brought to justice. However, Shekhar has no desire to marry Vanaja because she is from a lower caste. In the end Rama Devi and Shekhar gain possession of the child, who will grow up to be an upper caste boy."] 