["Stroker Ace is a popular race car driver from Waycross, Georgia, and , a three-time champion, on the NASCAR circuit. An all-or-nothing man, he wins if he does not crash. He is arrogant and pompous, with no regard for the business side of his racing team. He also has an on-track, season-long rivalry with ambitious young driver Aubrey James . When he runs afoul of his current sponsor, Jim Catty  of Zenon Oil, by dumping a load of wet concrete on him, he has to find a new one. Fried-chicken mogul Clyde Torkel, along with his chauffeur, Arnold , and newly appointed director of marketing and public relations, Pembrook Feeny , convince Stroker and his chief mechanic, Lugs Harvey, to sign up with him. Overlooking his contract by not reading its specifics, Stroker begins a new life as the commercial face for the Chicken Pit fast-food restaurants.  His contract provves to stipulate that he must do personal appearances, which include dressing up in a chicken suit--feet included. Realizing that he is locked into a bad deal, Stroker devises a plan with Lugs to get out of it. Torkel is on to Stroker, though, and allows his antics because he sees the racer as his big ticket to regional fame by promoting the Chicken Pit franchise. A ladies' man, Stroker tries to seduce the beautiful Pembrook, who is a Sunday School teacher, does not drink, and is a virgin. She spurns all of his advances until he learns to respect her views. One night, after getting her drunk on champagne, he has a chance to take advantage of her, but he does not. Stroker is winning races under the Chicken Pit sponsorship and is in the running for the season-ending championship. At the beginning of the final race, Torkel is offered a deal to sell his franchise for a huge profit, as part of an elaborate scheme that Stroker and his friends have concocted. The catch is that if he wins the championship Stroker has to sell chicken for the next two years; if he loses is he out of the contract. During the race Stroker is at odds with himself. He drops back in the race in an effort to lose, but his ego won't let him so he quickly begins moving back through the pack. Torkel, realizing that Stroker would rather lose than be bound by the contract, makes a public announcement that he is releasing Stroker immediately. He is unaware that Stroker is moving up through the field in an effort to win. With the news that he is free from the contract, Stroker wins the championship in spectacular fashion by flipping his car over as he crosses the finish line. Torkel then finds that the lucrative offer for his chicken franchise is a fake, cooked up by Stroker and his friends."] ["Formula One auto racer Bobby Deerfield is a calculating, control-obsessed loner who has become used to winning the checkered flag on the track. But after he witnesses a fiery crash that kills a teammate and seriously wounds a competitor, Deerfield becomes unsettled by the spectre of death. During a visit to the survivor, Deerfield's world is further set askew when he meets Lillian Morelli , a quirky, impulsive woman racing against time."] ['Cars takes place in a world populated by anthropomorphic transportation. The film begins with the last race of the Piston Cup championship, which ends in a three-way tie between retiring veteran Strip "The King" Weathers, perennial runner-up Chick Hicks, and rookie Lightning McQueen. The tiebreaker race is scheduled for one week later at the fictional Los Angeles International Speedway in California. Lightning is desperate to win the race, since it would allow him to leave the unglamorous sponsorship of Rust-Eze, a rust treatment for old cars, and allow him to take The King\'s place as the sponsored car of the lucrative Dinoco team. Eager to start practice in California as soon as possible, Lightning pushes his big rig, Mack, to travel all night long. While McQueen is sleeping, the exhausted Mack drifts off and is startled by a gang of reckless street racers, causing McQueen to fall out the back of the truck into the road. McQueen wakes in the middle of traffic, and speeds off the highway to find Mack, ending up in a run-down town of Radiator Springs and inadvertently ruining the pavement of its main road. After being arrested and impounded overnight, McQueen is ordered by the town\'s judge and doctor, Doc Hudson, to leave town immediately. The local lawyer, Sally Carrera, insists that McQueen be given community service to repave the road, to which Doc begrudingly agrees. McQueen tries to repave it in a single day, but it turns out to be shoddy and McQueen is ordered to repave the road again, which takes several days to complete. During this time, he becomes friends with several of the cars, and learns that Radiator Springs used to be a popular stopover along U.S. Route 66, but with the construction of Interstate 40 bypassing the town, it was effectively taken off the map. McQueen also discovers that Doc is really the "Fabulous Hudson Hornet", a three-time Piston Cup winner who was forced out of racing after an accident and quickly forgotten by the sport. McQueen finishes the road, which has invigorated the cars to improve their town, and spends an extra day in town with his new friends, before Mack and the media descend on the town, led by a tip to McQueen\'s location. McQueen reluctantly leaves with the media to get to California in time for the race, while Sally chastises Doc after discovering that he had tipped off the media to McQueen\'s whereabouts, not wanting to be discovered himself instead. At the speedway, McQueen\'s mind is not fully set on the race, and he soon falls into last place. He is surprised to discover that Doc Hudson, decked out in his old racing colors, has taken over as his crew chief, along with several other friends from Radiator Springs to help in the pit. Inspired and recalling tricks he learned from Doc and his friends, McQueen quickly emerges to lead the race into the final laps. Hicks, refusing to lose, sends Weathers into a dangerous accident. Seeing this and recalling Doc\'s fate, McQueen stops just short of the finish line, allowing Hicks to win, and drives back to push Weathers over the finish line. The crowd and media condemn Hicks\' victory and give praise to McQueen\'s sportsmanship. Though offered the Dinoco sponsorship deal, McQueen declines, insisting on staying with his current sponsors as an appreciation of their past support. Later, back at Radiator Springs, McQueen returns and announces that he will be setting up his headquarters there, helping to put Radiator Springs back on the map. In a post-credits scene, Van and Minny, the two minivans who came to Radiator Springs, appear to have lost their way and are stranded in the middle of the desert, dusty and tired , and Van is seen to have gone insane and drive off as a "Beetle" fly crashes into the screen.'] ['Ricky Bobby  is a NASCAR driver who was born to go fast, and is raised solely by his strict Christian mother, Lucy , while his drunk and alcoholic father, Reese , is absent. When Ricky was only ten years old, Reese shows up during Career Day at Ricky\'s school, but after giving his vulgar speech, Reese was thrown out of the school. Before leaving, Reese told Ricky: "If you ain\'t first, you\'re last!", a quote that Ricky commits to memory. Fifteen years later, while working as the pit crew of Dennit Racing driver Terry Cheveaux  at the beginning of the film, Ricky replaces him and ends up finishing in third place, despite starting mid-race in last place. Ricky quickly soars to the top of NASCAR by achieving fame and fortune at Dennit Racing and meeting his future wife, Carly . Ricky eventually manages to allow Dennit to field an additional car to the field and arranges to have his best friend, Cal Naughton, Jr.  on his team. While he and Cal are on top of the racing world, Ricky is challenged by his rival and homosexual French Formula One driver, Jean Girard , who outperforms Ricky on the track and becomes Dennit Racing\'s next top driver. Desperate to regain his dominance, Ricky pushes himself too hard during the race at Charlotte Motor Speedway and ends up going airborne and his car lands upside down. While paramedics attempt to take Ricky to the hospital, Ricky ends up running around on the track in his helmet and underwear to think that he is on fire. While recovering from his injury, Ricky persists in the belief that he is paralyzed, which he certainly is not, a fact that Ricky only realizes after accidentally sticking a knife in his leg while trying to prove that he is paralyzed. Ricky\'s tests at Rockingham Speedway shows that he has lost his touch and fails to regain a spot on his team. Carly, yearning to be married to another top NASCAR driver, plans to marry Cal before Ricky returns to his old home that evening. Cal invites Ricky to his wedding to Carly, but his invitation was immediately refused by Ricky, who accuses Cal of damaging his life. Ricky takes his two sons, Walker and Texas Ranger  to his old home and takes his old job as a pizza delivery boy, but is reduced to using a bicycle and riding the bus after accidentally losing his license for crashing his pick-up truck into a customer\'s shopping cart and into the Sheriff writing Ricky a ticket for the previous incident. With Ricky\'s life at its lowest point, Reese suddenly re-enters Ricky\'s life and attempt to teach Ricky to drive by using unusual methods to get Ricky back to normal speed. With his retraining and the guidance of Reese, Ricky finally regains his confidence, but is taken back when Reese walks out on him once again. Reese leaves Ricky with the knowledge that the mantra around which Ricky originally used during his childhood years was in fact meaningless. When Ricky runs into his assistant, Susan  at a bar, she convinces Ricky to return to NASCAR not because of his desire to live up to the expectations of those around him, but because of his nature to drive fast. With Ricky heeding Susan\'s advice to race at the Talladega 500, he and Susan fall in love with each other. Ricky manages to make amends with Cal, Girard, and Carly before the start of the race. Because his pit crew chief and close friend, Lucius Washington  has rebuilt his engine from spare parts donated by other independent drivers, Ricky is forced to start the race from the back of the starting grid. In no time, Ricky manages to pass all the other drivers except Girard. Heading towards the final laps, Cal receives orders from Dennit to get Ricky out of the race, but Cal refuses and instead pulls ahead of Ricky, which allows Ricky to slingshot around Cal and ends up in the lead along with Girard. On lap 182, the replacement driver of Ricky\'s Wonder Bread car runs into Cal on Dennit\'s orders, causing a massive wreck that wrecks every driver except Ricky and Girard. On the final lap of the race, Ricky and Girard end up making contact with each other and sommersault down the front straightaway heading towards the finish line. Determined not to give up, Ricky and Girard sprint their foot to the finish line. Although Ricky wins the foot race, he and Girard are disqualified for getting out of their cars, and Cal officially wins Talladega 500 by default, having been in third place at the time of the wrecks. Ricky and Cal finally reconcile their friendship and family. Ricky later meets up with Reese, Lucy, Susan, Walker, and Texas Ranger in the parking lot to reunite for a dinner party during which Ricky and his extended family plan to get thrown out of Applebee\'s, referring to an earlier scene where Reese and Ricky leave each other again. A final scene during the closing credits finds Cal and Lucius working as NASCAR mechanics fixing Ricky\'s car.'] ['Johnny Wayne  is an ex-racer who is serving in prison after crippling a young boy during an illegal street race in Los Angeles. Wayne, having been traumatised by the events, vows to never race again, and is soon released as a reformed citizen. Whilst Wayne attempts to restore his life and become an honest, hardworking member of society, he slowly finds himself being lured back into street racing by his former associates, for the chance to keep his title as the ultimate street racer of Los Angeles.'] ['Mechanic Terry Martin , the chief car tester for Emery Motors is working on a revolutionary design for a new carburetor. Engineer Frank Lawson is a rival for the attention of Jane Mitchell  who has just been hired to work in the publicity department. The new carburetor proves to be troublesome as Martin cannot get it to work correctly. Terry and his fellow mechanic "Gadget"  have to endure the addition of Lawson to the team. Having an engineer who is in charge is galling as Lawson believes only he has the solution. When their car is entered in the Indianapolis 500 race, it ends up crashing. While Martin and "Gadget" are recovering from their injuries, Miss Mitchell goes to bat for Martin, since she is secretly the boss\'s niece. In a new car designed for a world speed record at the Muroc, California dry lake bed, Martin proves the carburetor works, but nearly loses his life in the attempt. When a fuel pipe cracks, choking fumes are funneled into the cockpit causing the record run to end prematurely. With only moments to spare, Lawson drives the race car, conveying an injured Martin to the Muroc hospital at high speed. Martin is finally vindicated and wins the girl as well.'] ["  In the town of Flåklypa , the inventor Reodor Felgen  lives with his animal friends Ludvig   and Solan  . Reodor works as a bicycle repairman, though he spends most of his time inventing weird Rube Goldberg-like contraptions. One day, the trio discover that one of Reodor's former assistants, Rudolf Blodstrupmoen , has stolen his design for a race car engine and has become a world champion Formula One driver. Solan secures funding from an Arab oil sheik who happens to be vacationing in Flåklypa, and to enter the race, the trio builds a gigantic racing car: Il Tempo Gigante—a fabulous construction with two extremely big engines , a body made out of copper, a spinning radar  and its own blood bank. Reodor ends up winning despite Blodstrupmoen's attempts at sabotage."] ['Michael Bannon , a wealthy but bored businessman, issues the code word "Gumball" to his fellow automobile enthusiasts, who gather in a garage in New York City to embark on a coast-to-coast race "with no catalytic converter and no 55-mile-per-hour speed limit." Their nemesis, the evil LAPD Lieutenant Roscoe , also learns of the race and most of the film is devoted to the adventures of the various driving teams and Roscoe\'s ineffectual attempts to apprehend them. A number of running gags ensue – the Jaguar that will not start; the silent Lapchick\'s  numerous mishaps; Italian race driver Franco Bertolli\'s  frequent detours to seduce beautiful women – as well as some splendid stunts and driving sequences. The race ends at the Queen Mary in Long Beach, California where the finishers celebrate their adventures and the defeated Roscoe sulks off to one side – until a fleet of police cars and tow trucks, all in conspiracy with Roscoe, arrive to impound the vehicles; as it proves, Roscoe had contrived in advance to see to it that all of them were guaranteed to be illegally parked. Bannon congratulates Roscoe on his final victory and again utters the command "Gumball" to initiate a race back to New York.'] ['In 2012, private corporations own and manage the prison systems. Getaway driver Carl "Luke" Lucas  is arrested after a robbery for his crime boss Markus Kane  goes wrong. As his accomplices are robbing the bank, two police officers casually enter the building. Luke tells his accomplices to abort, but they refuse; Luke intervenes, resulting in the death of one of the three accomplices. Luke shoots and kills one of the officers and dumps off his accomplices in order to fulfill Markus\'s wishes. In doing so, Luke is eventually captured by the police following a high-speed chase and sentenced to serve time on Terminal Island. Markus, worried that Luke will trade info on his crimes for immunity, discovers his location and orders his men to take Luke out. Terminal Island is a prison under the control of The Weyland Corporation, which hosts Death Match, a televised pay-per-view competition where two dangerous convicts are chosen and then forced to fight to the death or submission. The prisoners are given access to weapons or defense items to use during the fight by stepping on a marked plate in the arena. Luke meets the men who eventually become his pit crew in the Death Race: Lists , who annoys him by over-analyzing everything, Goldberg , and Rocco . The host of Death Match is September Jones , a former Miss Universe who lost her crown due to allegations of having a sexual relationship with all of its judges. She now works for The Weyland Corporation to create profit from the pay per view subscribers of Death Match. When a convict, Big Bill, tries to stab Luke for a bounty placed by Markus Kane to ensure he doesn\'t testify, Lists takes it upon himself to warn him. Lists pushes Luke against a wall just as the other convict approaches, enabling Luke to defend himself successfully. Luke is later approached in the showers by September, who witnessed him in the earlier scuffle, and proposes that he fight in Death Match. When he refuses, she makes sexual advances towards him, which he pretends to go for before refusing. In retaliation, September chooses Lists to fight in a Death Match with Big Bill. Luke confronts her while Lists is running for his life during the event, pleading to let him fight in place of Lists. She refuses to help and he jumps over a barbed fence to fight for Lists. He is joined by Katrina Banks , a woman convict who is serving as a ring girl with other female convicts. She hits Big Bill with a round number sign made of metal. A riot breaks out during the fight between Luke and the convict because of racial tension, sparked because Luke is white and the other convict is black. The convicts break down the fence to get in, and some of the rapists attack and attempt to rape female convicts. Katrina defends herself and helps other women, who are then evacuated. When the riot control guards come, Luke surrenders. Afterward, Luke is well received when he sees Katrina and inquires about her well-being after the fight. Markus sees Luke during the showing of Death Match and is convinced that it is only a matter of time before Luke cracks and testifies. He increases pressure on his men and puts a bounty of $1 million on Luke\'s head. Meanwhile, September comes up with a plan to boost their profits by converting the failing Death Match into a "Death Race", where the contestants will have to race over days to win each match. The person who manages to win five such matches will be released from prison. Luke joins the race, during which other prisoners try to kill him to earn Markus\'s bounty. During the race, he notices that another racer, 14K, is the only one not trying to kill him since they don\'t do business with other crime rings. Luke ends up saving 14K, telling Katrina that 14K now owes him one. However, during the race they realize that their car has been rigged to not work any of its defenses or weapons. Katrina even admits that Markus offered her a reward if she killed Luke. When Big Bill attacks Luke, Luke gets Katrina to jettison out of the car safely just before Big Bill fires a missile at Luke. Luke\'s car crashes and catches fire, leading everyone to believe that he is dead. Big Bill is in turn killed by his navigator. Luke is revealed to have survived, albeit with extensive scarring to his face and body. September then convinces him to rejoin a new race with the new identity. Meanwhile, 14K sends word to the Triad to repay his debt to Luke, "a life for a life," and manages to kill Markus. Also, Lists kills Rocco in the shower house after discovering he rigged Luke\'s car. Luke, with a new identity, then kills September by running her over with his car during a race, much to the pleasure of many of the people she blackmailed, used or seduced to get what she wants. The movie ends with Frankenstein starting his race with both Lists and Katrina inferring that Luke is the new Frankenstein.'] ['Five years after the events of The Fast and the Furious, Dominic Toretto  and his new crew, Leticia "Letty" Ortiz , Tego "Teddy" , Omar Santos , Cara Mirtha  and Han Seoul-Oh , are hijacking fuel tankers in the Dominican Republic. Dominic begins to suspect the trail is too hot and leaves Leticia behind in order to protect her from harm. Several weeks later, in Panama City, Dominic gets a call from Mia, who tells him that Leticia has been murdered by Fenix Calderon , after getting into a near fatal car accident. Dominic heads back to Los Angeles to examine Leticia\'s crash and finds traces of nitromethane. He then goes to the only car mechanic that uses nitromethane and coerces him into giving him the name David Park , the man who ordered the fuel. Meanwhile, F.B.I. agent Brian O\'Conner  is trying to track down a drug dealer named Arturo Braga . His search leads him to David Park. Dominic arrives at Park\'s apartment first and hangs him out of the window by his ankles before letting go. Brian, who was also on his way to Park\'s place, saves Park and Park becomes the FBI\'s new informant. Park gets Brian into a street race through Los Angeles. Brian selects a modified Nissan Skyline GT-R R34 from the Impound Lot. Dominic also shows up to race in his modified 1970 Chevrolet Chevelle. Gisele Yashar , the liaison for Braga, reveals that the winner will become the last driver on a team that traffics heroin between the Mexico–United States border. Dominic wins by bumping Brian\'s car, making him lose control. Brian uses his power as an FBI agent to arrest another driver, Dwight Mueller , and takes his place on the team. The following day, the team meets one of the Braga\'s men. They drive across the border using underground tunnels to avoid detection. Brian had prior knowledge that, after the heroin was delivered, Braga ordered the drivers to be killed. However it was revealed to Dominic from Fenix that he killed Leticia and after a tense stand-off, Dominic detonates his car with nitrous to distract Braga\'s men and Brian hijacks a Hummer with $60 million worth of heroin. Both Dominic and Brian drive back to Los Angeles and hide the heroin in a police impound lot where Brian picks up a modified Subaru Impreza WRX STI. Later on, Dominic finds out Brian was the last person to contact Leticia, which results in him being attacked by Dominic until he learns Leticia was working undercover for Brian, tracking down Braga in exchange for clearing Dominic\'s name. Brian tells his superiors that in exchange for Dominic\'s pardon, he will lure Braga into a trap, forcing him to personally show up to exchange money for the heroin. At the drop site, however, Ramon Campos , the man who claims to be "Braga", is revealed as a decoy, and "Campos", the real Braga, escapes and flees to Mexico. Brian and Dominic travel to Mexico on their own to catch Braga. They find him at a church and apprehend him. As Braga\'s henchmen come down to rescue their leader, Brian and Dominic drive through the underground tunnels back to the United States. When some of Braga\'s men are killed, Brian crashes his car and is injured after being T-boned by Fenix at the end of the tunnel. Before Fenix can kill Brian, Dominic, who survived the explosion and exchanged his 1970 Dodge Charger with a 1973 Chevrolet Camaro, drives into and kills Fenix. As police and helicopters start streaming to the crash site on the USA side, Brian tells Dominic to leave, but Dominic refuses, saying he\'s tired of running. Despite Brian\'s request for clemency, the judge sentences Dominic to 25 years to life. Dominic boards a prison bus that will take him to Lompoc penitentiary and as the bus drives down the road, Brian and Mia, along with Leo and Santos , arrive in their cars to intercept it.'] ['Rooney plays Billy Coy, a young man determined to follow in his father\'s footsteps as a race car driver. Despite the fact that his father, "Cannonball" Coy, was killed in a fiery crash during the Indianapolis 500, Billy is undaunted and manages to work his way up from race mechanic to top driver. The story follows him through the ups and downs of the racing life, from nightclub shenanigans to dragout brawls, with hairpin turns on the track in between. At one point, he\'s involved in a race crash, and is under suspicion for causing another driver\'s death. All the while the adoration of a racecar owner\'s daughter  and the love of his mother  sees Billy through his many trials. Billy eventually earns his way back onto the racing circuit, and lands a spot in the field at the "500". In the final laps, Billy drives through a wall of fire, caused by another driver\'s crash, and with his own car in flames, manages to finish third, but seriously burns his arms. Inspired by his determination and sportsmanship, the winning driver turns the famous Borg-Warner Trophy over to Billy.'] ["The story focuses on Herbie, a Volkswagen Beetle, and Maggie Peyton , the youngest member of the Peyton racing clan. Herbie is towed to a junkyard after losing several races, and Maggie's father, Ray Peyton Sr. , takes Maggie to the junkyard to buy her a car as a college graduation present. After Maggie selects Herbie, he takes her against her will to the garage where her friend Kevin  works as a mechanic. Kevin persuades Maggie to take Herbie to a car show to buy parts for Herbie, but when they arrive, Herbie tricks Maggie into disguising herself in a racing suit and helmet and challenging NASCAR champion Trip Murphy  to an impromptu race, which Herbie wins by a hair. This delights Kevin, who tries to talk Maggie into racing again, but worries Ray Sr., who has forbidden her from racing since she was hospitalized after a street-racing accident years ago. It also infuriates Murphy, who becomes obsessed with Herbie and his mysterious driver. Murphy organizes a local street-racing competition to lure Herbie back for a rematch, which Maggie and Kevin enter. Herbie easily defeats the other cars and qualifies for the final match with Murphy, but when Murphy talks Maggie into racing for pink slips, Herbie becomes jealous over Maggie's desire to win Murphy's stock car and intentionally loses the race. Maggie is publicly embarrassed, Herbie is towed away, and Ray Sr. scolds Maggie for racing without his permission. However, encouraged by her friend Charisma, Maggie decides to race professionally. She tries to buy Herbie back from Murphy, but Murphy has entered Herbie in a demolition derby. Desperate to save Herbie from destruction, Maggie goes to the derby, runs onto the field while the derby is in progress, pleads with Herbie to help her, and wins the derby. Meanwhile, the Peyton racing team may have to forfeit an upcoming stock-car race due to financial troubles and two crashes by the team's driver, Ray Peyton Jr. . Ray Sr. refuses to let Maggie drive for the team, but Ray Jr. decides on his own that she will take his place and sends the Team Peyton crew to help her and Kevin prepare Herbie for the race. At the race track, Maggie and Herbie have a heart-to-heart conversation, and Murphy ominously warns Maggie that the race will be dangerous. Herbie starts the race slowly, but he eventually catches up and begins passing the other cars before Maggie makes her first pit stop. Meanwhile, Ray Sr., who has been watching the race at home, decides to join the crowd in person. On the track again, Herbie is soon boxed in by some other cars, but Ray Sr. arrives at the track and encourages Maggie over the team radio, and Maggie escapes the trap by driving directly over the car in front of her. This damages Herbie's oil system, so Maggie makes another pit stop and Kevin hurriedly extracts a replacement part from the yellow New Beetle, which Herbie has been eyeing amorously throughout the film, owned by Sally, one of Team Peyton's few remaining sponsors. The jury-rigged oil system is fragile, and Murphy is intent on preventing Herbie from winning. With Maggie, Herbie, and Ray Sr. now working together, Maggie and Herbie catch up to Murphy. Murphy tries to damage Herbie by pushing him into the track wall when Maggie tries to pass him, but he is caught off guard and crashes into the wall when she slams on the brakes during his next attempt. Herbie passes Murphy's car, now upside down on the track, by climbing onto the fence above the wall. After landing back on the track, Maggie and Herbie win the race. Maggie is congratulated by her father and brother, and Murphy is driven away in an ambulance, raging furiously about Herbie, as Maggie and Kevin kiss. The film ends with a photograph of Herbie's victory and a scene in which Ray Sr. warns Herbie and Sally's New Beetle not to stay out too long on their date. In the end, Maggie continues to race with Herbie in NASCAR."] ["Jim Douglas is a down-on-his luck racing driver, reduced to competing in demolition derby races against drivers half his age. Jim lives in an old fire house overlooking San Francisco Bay with his friend and mechanic, Tennessee Steinmetz, a jolly Brooklynite who constantly extols the virtues of spiritual enlightenment, having spent time amongst Buddhist monks in Tibet, and builds 'art' from car parts. After yet another race ends in a crash , Jim finds himself without a car and heads into town in search of some cheap wheels. He is enticed into an upmarket European car showroom after setting eyes on an attractive sales assistant, Carole Bennett. Jim witnesses the dealership's British owner, Peter Thorndyke, being unnecessarily abusive towards a white Volkswagen Beetle that rolls into the showroom, and defends the car's honor, much to Thorndyke's displeasure. The following morning Jim is shocked to find that the Beetle is parked outside his house and that Thorndyke is pressing charges for grand theft. A heated argument between Jim and Thorndyke is settled when Carole persuades Thorndyke to drop the charges if Jim buys the car on a system of monthly payments. Jim soon finds the car is prone to going completely out of his control and believes Thorndyke has conned him. Tennessee, however, believes certain inanimate objects to have hearts and minds of their own and tries to befriend the car, naming it Herbie. Jim's feelings about his new acquisition soon improve when it appears Herbie is intent on bringing him and Carole together. He also discovers Herbie to have an incredible turn of speed for a car of his size and decides to take him racing. After watching Jim and Herbie win their first race together, Thorndyke, himself a major force on the local racing scene, offers to cancel the remaining payments Jim owes on Herbie if Jim can win a race that they will both be competing in at Riverside later that month. Jim accepts, and despite Thorndyke's underhanded tactics, he and Herbie take victory. Over the next few months they go on to become the toast of the Californian racing circuit, while Thorndyke suffers increasingly humiliating defeats. Thorndyke finally snaps, and persuades Carole to take Jim out on a date while he sneaks round to Jim's house. After getting Tennessee drunk on his own Irish coffee recipe, Thorndyke proceeds to tip the remainder of the whipped cream, into Herbie's gasoline tank. At the following day's race, an apparently hungover Herbie shudders to a halt & backfires while Thorndyke blasts to victory. However,as the crowd admires Thorndyke's victory, Herbie blows some cream from the coffee out of his exhaust pipe, covering Thorndyke.  That evening, Jim returns home in a brand new Lamborghini, having agreed to sell Herbie to Thorndyke to pay the remaining installments he owes on it. Jim states he needs a 'real car' for the upcoming El Dorado road race, but finds no sympathy from Tennessee, Carole, or Herbie, who jealously proceeds to smash up the Lamborghini, proving to Jim once and for all he has a mind of his own. By the time Thorndyke arrives to collect Herbie, the Volkswagen is nowhere to be found, and Jim sets off into the night hoping to find Herbie and make amends before the car is seized by Thorndyke's goons. After narrowly escaping being torn apart in Thorndyke's workshop, and a destructive spree through Chinatown, Herbie is about to launch himself off the Golden Gate Bridge when Jim reaches him. In his attempt to stop Herbie from driving off the bridge, Jim himself nearly falls into the water. Herbie pulls Jim back to safety, but then is impounded by the San Francisco Police Department There, Mr. Wu, a Chinese businessman whose store was damaged during Herbie's rampage, demands compensation that Jim can no longer afford. Using the Chinese he learned while in Tibet, Tennessee tries to reason with Wu, and learns that he is a huge racing fan who knows all about Jim and Herbie's exploits. Wu is willing to drop the charges in exchange for becoming Herbie's new owner. Jim agrees to this, as long as Wu allows him to race the car in the El Dorado. If Jim wins, Wu will be able to keep the prize money but has to sell Herbie back for a dollar. Wu replies to this proposal in clear English: 'Now you speak my language!'. The El Dorado runs through the Sierra Nevada mountains from Yosemite Valley and back. Before the start of the race, Thorndyke persuades Mr. Wu to make a wager with him on its outcome. Thorndyke  pulls every trick in the book to ensure he and his Thorndyke Special are leading at end of the first leg of the race. As a result of Thorndyke's shenanigans, Jim  limps home last with Herbie missing two wheels and having to use a wagon wheel to get to the finish line. Despite Tennessee's best efforts, it looks as if Herbie will be unable to start the return leg of the race the following morning. Thorndyke then arrives and claims that this makes him the new owner of the car. Wu regretfully tells Jim of the wager and that in accordance with its terms this is true. Thorndyke, thinking he is Herbie's new owner, gloats to Jim about what he's going to do to Herbie and kicks Herbies front fender, but Herbie then unexpectedly lurches into life and chases Thorndyke from the scene, showing he is more than willing to race on. Thanks to some ingenious shortcuts, Jim is able to make up for lost time in the second leg and is neck and neck with Thorndyke as the approach the finish line. In the ensuing dogfight, Herbie's hastily welded-together body splits in two. The back half of the car  crosses the line just ahead of Thorndyke, while the front  rolls over the line just behind, meaning Herbie takes both first and third place. In accordance with the terms of the wager, Mr. Wu takes over Thorndyke's car dealership , while Thorndyke and Havershaw are relegated to lowly mechanics. Meanwhile, a fully repaired Herbie chauffeurs the newlywed Jim and Carole away on their honeymoon."] ["A Russian street racing star named Wolf ---who also happens to be the leader of an anti-illegal drug vigilante group---meets his match in a sly American archeology professor named Michael Nazzaro  who has developed a liking for drag racing on Moscow's streets in order to follow Wolf. The professor, a West Pointer and the descendant of a Templar knight, is in possession of a 16th-century book passed on to him through generations in his family, and is now interested in the Templar medallion in Wolf's possession. The medallion is the professor's key to decoding a name in another Templar book he had come to Moscow to find, a copy of the Gospel of Jacques de Molay. Having made some wealth from an archeological find in Colombia prior to coming to Moscow, the professor offers to bet $50,000 for the medallion in a drag race with Wolf. It turns out Wolf is a likely Russian descendant of a Templar knight himself. Although the professor fails to win the medallion, Wolf joins him in his quest to find the book after a Colombian drug cartel and Russian mafia alliance goes after him. Meanwhile, a well-known historian , a descendant of a Persecutor of the Knights, has also been following the professor in order to destroy his find. To make matters worse, the Moscow police suspect that the professor and Wolf are part of the developing Colombian drug trade in the city and order units to arrest the duo. With time, police, and the mafia against them, will they find the treasure before it is too late? Treasure Raiders on MEG"] ["A yearly every-man-for-himself car race is staged in the desert, with wealthy motorists driving custom cars at supersonic speed on a deserted highway. During one of these contests, a policeman is killed. With no witnesses, it's up to the cop's brother to see justice is done. He accomplishes this by assuming a false identity and joining the race."] ['The story revolves around Daibutsu, a middle aged former rally driver who lives with his wife Kumiko and their son. Daibutsu is a former rally driver, who used to participate in the All Japan Rally Championship. Daibutsu proceeded to go to his garage to rebuild his, Mitsubishi Starion 4WD, named Jackie, a Group B rally car which was banned at the end of the 1986 season. He then proceeds to sets his return to racing by challenging people on the street with his car.'] [' The short follows Sachi , a girl locked in a game of hide-and-seek with her cat Cicerone. Her search leads her to an old longcase clock which doubles as a doorway to a labyrinth world. The world is filled with supernatural oddities and characters, such as cardboard working class citizens, an invisible dog, a skeleton-led train and a weird circus. Eventually, Sachi and Cicerone arrive at a circus tent where a viewing screen is displayed, leading to the following segments.  Zach Hugh  is the titular "Running Man," the undefeated champion of the "Death Circus" racing circuit and has raced for 10 years. Competitors race in high-speed Formula One-like craft, and spectators bet on the lives of these people for huge winnings. A Marlowe-esque reporter  is sent to interview the mysterious Zach outside of the track and watches one of his races. He soon discovers Hugh has telekinetic abilities which he uses to destroy the other racers, after quietly observing him in the dark chronically over-using an interface console inside Hugh\'s penthouse. As the race ends in his favor, Hugh begins to see the spirits of racers who perished on the track and he continues the race until his vehicle goes up in flames. The Death Circus ends shortly afterwards, the reporter believes it was because spectators wanted to see how long Hugh could outlast death.   A revolution in the fictional South American country of the Aloana Republic has resulted in a new government being installed; this new government refuses to accept a contract detailing the construction of Facility 444. The company responsible for the construction has begun to lose millions, so salaryman Tsutomu Sugioka (Yū Mizushima/[[Robert Axelrod  is sent to stop production. The work is completely automated, carried out by robots programmed to finish the job no matter the consequences and led by a robot identified as 444-1 . Witnessing the destruction of several robots and Robot 444-1\'s refusal to cease operations, Tsutomu begins to lose his patience and is nearly killed by 444-1 who was programmed to eliminate anything that poses a threat to the project. He retaliates by destroying 444-1 and follows its powercord that leads to the energy source of the robots in an attempt to finally end the production. Unknown to Tsutomu, the old government has been restored and they have agreed to honor the contract once more.'] ['In the middle of the night, on a highway in Los Angeles, three black modified 1995 Honda Civic EG follow a semi-trailer truck. One of the masked pursuers breaks a windshield with a crossbow, and grappels himself to the seat. He subdues the driver and the Civics commandeer the truck, managing to steal over $6 million in merchandise of TV-s and electronics that were on the truck. LAPD officer Brian O\'Conner  is sent undercover on a joint LAPD-FBI investigation to infiltrate the local L.A illegal street racing scene so he could find and apprehend the truck hijackers. Brian uses his cover job at The Racer\'s Edge, an aftermarket parts shop, to make connections and infiltrate the local street racing scene. One night, on a local street racing gathering, he enters his modified 1995 Mitsubishi Eclipse 2G RS 420A into an illegal race with Dominic Toretto , Edwin  and Ryo  bartering the pink slips, due that he doesn\'t have enough money to bet in the race, asking for cash and respect if he wins the race. Brian, due to his lack of knowledge in racing, activates too much nitrous oxide, pressurising the Eclipse\'s engine, frying it, resulting in the car automatically braking and spinning out to prevent overheating, with Brian also losing the race to Dominic, who drives a modified 1993 Mazda RX-7. Although Dominic mocks him in front of the gathered racers and viewers. Suddenly, LAPD arrives on the scene and Brian flees away, as well as Dominic. Dominic arrives at a local parking lot and ditches his car to prevent being caught, but a squad car recognizes him. He runs into an alley, where Brian arrives and they escape the patrol, and thus wins Dominic\'s respect. As they flee from the scene, Dominic and Brian accidentally venture into Southern California\'s Little Saigon, encountering Dominic\'s rival, Johnny Tran  along with his cousin Lance Nguyen ([[Reggie Lee  and his gang. Tran warns Dominic to stay away from his territory, and that he will smoke him at the "Race Wars", a massive street racing event held in the desert, before departing the scene. The duo tries to leave, but Johnny returns with Lance, who open fire with submachine guns, rupturing a nitrous tank and destroying the Eclipse in the resulting explosion. Brian and Dominic leave Little Saigon and hail a cab. Later on, Dom invites Brian to a party at his house, where he encounters with Dominic\'s friend, Vince , who dislikes Brian because of Dominic\'s sister, Mia , who takes interest in Brian. At the party, Brian also meets Letty , Dom\'s longtime girlfriend, and the rest of the Dom\'s crew, Leon , an expert mechanic and also Dom\'s old friend, and Jesse , a geek specialized in electronics. The next day, Brian delivers a totaled 1994 Toyota Supra to Dominic\'s shop and offers his talents as a driver to repay the debt incurred from losing the race. Brian begins dating Mia, while Dom and the rest of the crew goes to work restoring the Supra. Dominic also invites Brian to his house, showing him a 1970 Dodge Charger, which he built with his father. Dom tells him that his dad was a stock car driver. One day, his father was forced into a wall by another racer and the accident resulted in an explosion, killing Dom\'s father. He met the driver a week later and beat him up with a 3/4" torque wrench. This caused Dom to have a record, and he was forbidden to return to that track for life. Dom explains to Brian: "I live my life a quarter-mile at a time... For those 10 seconds or less, I\'m free". One night, Brian is checking under the local garages, hoping to find the Civics. Just as he was leaving without finding anything, he is knocked out by Vince. He is dragged to Dom, who asks Brian to reason himself at gunpoint. Brian lies saying at "The racer\'s Edge", Hector , the man who organized the race the other night, ordered three modified engines, leaving him in a  suspicion that he is planning something big, probably for Tran. Dom takes him to Little Saigon, where they raid another garage. Inside, they discover that there is no engines inside the cars, but Brian notices shipment of electronics in the garage. They hide as Tran and Lance arrive, torturing the mechanic to give him the engines they requested. They manage to escape without being seen. This convinces Brian that Tran\'s crew is behind the hijacks, and lets Sergeant Tanner  and FBI special agent Bilkins  know. The SWAT team, along with Brian, raids Tran\'s house and arrests him and his cousin Lance, but it is shown up that the electronics are legally bought, and that the only charges against them is minor parking tickets and un-paid speeding fines, forcing them to set them free as their ransom is paid. Bilkins and Tanner, Brian\'s superiors, return to their original theory that Dominic and his crew are the perpetrators. Tanner warns Brian not to let his feelings for Mia or his friendship with Dominic cloud his judgment and lead him too far from the case, and Bilkins, angered about the situation, gives Brian only 36 hours to break the case or he will be sacked from the job and lose his entire career. Meanwhile, with the Supra now fully prepped to race, Brian asks Dominic for information regarding his income, citing that the shop alone wouldn\'t pay for all his racing expenditures, and that he wants to be in whatever he is doing. Instead, Dominic gives Brian an invitation to "Race Wars", and informs him they\'ll talk once Brian has proven his worth on the strip. On Race Wars, Jesse, wanting to impress his dad in jail and Dom, bets his modified 1995 Volkswagen Jetta A3 and Tran bets his modified 1999 Honda S2000. Jesse loses, panics and flees the track, prompting Tran to confront Dominic and demand that he retrieve the car for him. Dominic refuses and Tran accuses him of informing on him, causing him to be humiliated in front of his entire family. In response Dominic brutally beats Tran and is pulled off by Vince and two security guards. That night, Brian notices Dominic and his crew leaving the Race Wars. Brian realizes that Dominic is the hijacker and confesses to Mia his status as an undercover cop. She is angry at Brian but he says to her that everything that he said to her about their relationship is true and convinces her to come with him to save her brother and his friends from the armed truck drivers, and they leave on the Highway 65 outside L.A. to catch up with Dominic and the rest of the group. Meanwhile, the attempted hijacking goes wrong when the truck driver fights back with a shotgun, causing Letty and Vince severe injuries. Brian tracks their location by triangulating Dominic\'s cell phone signal, and works with Mia to get Vince off the truck. Brian, realizing that Vince is in a critical condition, makes the difficult decision to blow his cover to the crew by phoning in for a medivac, revealing to Dominic that he is a police officer. The revelation enrages Dominic, but he contains himself and flees with Leon, Letty and Mia as the medivac arrives for Vince. Brian follows Dominic to his house and holds him at gunpoint to prevent him from fleeing, but Dominic explains that he is going to look for Jesse before Tran finds him. Just when Dominic points his shotgun to him, Jesse arrives, apologizing for his actions at Race Wars and pleading for Dominic\'s help. Moments later, Tran and Lance arrive on their bikes and perform a drive-by shooting, killing Jesse. Brian and Dominic chase them, with Dom in his Charger. He forces Lance\'s motorcycle off the road, severely injuring him, while Brian, after a short chase, manages to shoot and kill Tran. Afterwards, Brian and Dominic engage in a drag race, narrowly avoiding a passing train. Despite making the train track jump, Dominic crashes into a semi-truck and rolls his car twice. Brian pulls out Dom, with Dom assuming that he will be apprehended, but instead of arresting him, Brian hands over the keys to the Supra and lets him escape, making good on his promise to deliver a "ten-second car". Dom escapes in Brian\'s car. After the credits, Dominic is seen driving through Baja, Mexico, in a 1970 Chevrolet Chevelle SS, while he narrates the words that he explained to Brian before he disappears into the sunset. His last narrations are; "I live my life a quarter-mile at a time. For those 10 seconds or less, I\'m free."'] ['"Sweet JP" - rightfully named for his personality, retro style, and refusal to mount weapons on his racecar - nearly wins the "Yellowline" race against a host of semi-pro alien drivers, most of whom use oversized vehicles with jet engines mounted with guns and missiles, but just before the finish line JP\'s car is sabotaged by an explosive device placed by his friend and mechanic; Frisbee. In the past, Frisbee and JP were sent to prison for fixing races for the mafia, and are doing so again so they can keep racing. While recuperating in the hospital and reminiscing over his loss, JP finds out that he was selected for the "Redline," despite not qualifying in the last race, due to popular demand and because 2 racers withdrew. The Redline race takes place on Roboworld, a militarized planet ruled by cyborgs. The Roboworld government is violently opposed to the race being held on their planet as they have several ongoing secret projects, including a colossal bioweapon called Funky Boy that they wish to be kept top-secret. JP and the other racers are transported to a backwater moon near Roboworld to prepare. There he meets Sonoshee the winner of the Yellowline, who he met before either of them started racing professionally. After meeting several oddball racers, he has to repair and refit his car damaged from the Yellowline. With Frisbee acting as the designer and a friend of theirs, a 4 armed old man procuring parts, they aim to make a high powered racecar that will hold up against the other racers. Various colorful and dynamic characters compete in the Redline race such as "Machinehead" a huge machine man and the reigning champion, "Super Boins" a pair of pop idols from a magical planet, "Gori-rider" a corrupt gorilla-like traffic officer, "Lynchman&Johnnyboya" a pair of bounty hunters, "Miki&Todoroki" a pair of semi-pro racers who get selected alongside JP to race in the Redline, and "Trava&Shinkai" an ace pilot and mechanic duo. Guerilla forces on Roboworld as well as the Bounty Hunter team, sabotage a number of Roboworld\'s planetary defenses, making the race less than suicidal. JP, Sonoshee, and the other racers speed across the planet under heavy attack from the Roboworld military, which have targeted each of the racers with intent to kill. During the race the guerillas attempt to unleash and control Funky Boy, but are unable to as one of the racers crashed into the containment facility, bringing Funky Boy prematurely out of its slumber. Funky Boy goes on a rampage, destroying many of the Roboworld units and much of the landscape around them. Even their most powerful weapon, the Hyper-disintegrator cannons, unable to stop the beast, one of the Roboworld high ranking generals decides to merge with another Bioweapon to fight against Funky Boy while the race continues on. In Funky Boy\'s rampage, Sonoshee\'s car is destroyed, knocking her out in the process. JP however finds her alive and allows her to join him in continuing the race together. Frisbee who was forced to make another deal with the Mafia is almost killed when he refuses to sabotage JP\'s car again, but is saved by the 4 armed scrounger, who shoots down the mafia and after sits down to watch the rest of the race with Frisbee. The final sprint to the finish shows Machinehead with JP/Sonoshee both fighting for victory. In his haste, Machinehead uses the steamlight; a form of energy that can release an unimaginable amount of power, to give him the edge over the race. Sonoshee quickly reciprocates with her own piece of steamlight, given to her by her father on her seventh birthday. Both racers blaze towards the finishing line with their cars tearing away due to the super-sonic speed. With much of the planet in ruin, the red line, marking the end of the race is broken up, but is quickly remedied as the Redline Mothership warps from space onto the planetary surface to serve as a ramp leading to the finish. JP and Sonoshee are neck to neck with Machinehead but unable to get past him. The explosive placed in JP\'s car by Frisbee earlier on, is activated by the drunken scrounger who presses the detonator accidentally, the resulting explosion to give what\'s left of JP\'s car a boost of speed to pass Machinehead. Machinehead follows by morphing into rocket form to increase his speed. Just before the finish line JP\'s car completely falls apart, but he, Sonoshee, and Machinehead reach the finish line. JP and Sonoshee touch the finishing line less than a fraction of a second before Machinehead and are declared the victors. Audiences throughout the galaxy celebrate JP\'s amazing victory. The other racers, exhausted and in awe remark about the incredible feat performed by JP. While suspended in weightless motion, JP pulls Senoshee close and kisses her and the two victors confess their love for each other.'] ["The film tells the story of Zack and Sham, close friends who share a passion for drift racing. Though the sport is popular with men, Zack's girlfriend  took up the sport and became competitive in it. Zack is an elite racer who runs a workshop while Sham is more down to earth and always has problems with his racing car. Zack is unhappy with drug pushers selling on his racing patch, but Fasha  is friendly with some of them which leads to a confrontation between her and Zack. The pushers are sent to their boss Joe ,also a drift racer who uses race meets to sell his product. A rift continues to grow between Zack and Fasha. Sham  becomes a middleman between the two but ends up also having feelings for her. Zack wins a challenge against Joe but falls out with Sham despite the latter's numerous apologies and attempts to distance himself from Fasha. Zack and Fasha also confront each other but solve nothing, with Fasha conflicted over her dwindling feelings for Zack and her growing attraction to Sham. Joe's gang is not happy with the result and murders one of Zack and Sham's friends/mechanics. Zack angrily walks into the club Joe uses as a front but is almost killed by the gang. He is saved by Sham and Musa  but does not acknowledge or thank Sham. Musa convinces Zack that the police should be left to deal with Joe, before someone else dies. The police raid the club and arrest many gang members, though Joe is not caught. Sham meets Fasha to clear the air, stating that he is unwilling to lose his brotherly friendship with Zack, and that he wants Fasha to stop contacting him altogether. Zack arrives and totally misreads the situation, forcing Fasha to follow him home. Joe arrives in his racing car and attempts to ram Zack and Fasha. They are saved by Sham, who pushes them out of the way at the cost of great injuries. Zack chases Joe down, resulting in Joe crashing head on into a truck and flipping over. Things finish with Sham in hospital, presumably in a coma. Zack is chastized by his team members and a sobbing Fasha, though he and Fasha sit by Sham's bedside as the credits roll."] ['Traveling salesman Tom Phillips  is driving home to Boston, Massachusetts for Christmas when he encounters a drunken driver on a rain-streaked road. He cannot avoid a collision, and is hospitalized with spinal damage. Since he cannot be a traveling salesman anymore, his brother arranges for Tom to buy a remote motel in the desert town of Mayville, California. Tom is reluctant, since he has never been an innkeeper before—but in the end he decides that he must travel in order to get as far away from the site of his accident as possible, as soon as possible. So Tom sets out for California with his wife, teen-aged daughter, and son. But when they reach the desert they are accosted by a pair of drag racers and a "party girl" in a modified, high-performance 1958 Chevrolet Corvette who jokingly force them to swerve and avoid a collision. This is only the first of a series of escalating encounters with the local youth. Teenaged children of relatively well-off local farmers, they are apparently given "everything they want" but are still bored and are locked in a never-ending desire for "kicks" in which they will never be satisfied. The adults, including the owner of a local filling station, are fed-up with them. One of these adults, however, turns out to own the very motel that Tom Phillips has bought—and he is selling out after having let the wayward youth use his motel as an illicit trysting place for years. When Tom tells the filling-station owner that he has "just bought himself a motel," one of the kids, named Ernie , overhears. Soon after, he tells his friend Duke , who is the driver of the Corvette. Duke organizes a campaign of harassment against Tom and chases the hapless family all the way to the motel. Matters come to a dangerous head when Tom\'s daughter , fascinated by Duke, goes to see him in the motel bar and grill, called the "Arena." Duke\'s current girlfriend Gloria , in a jealous rage, informs Tom, who tries to strangle Duke—but his back goes out and he must desist. He then informs the former motel owner  that he will not go through with the sale. This causes a confrontation between the former owner and the youths, which ends when the owner tells Duke and Ernie that Tom is going to the next town to "bring the police down on this place." Duke and Ernie resolve never to let Tom Phillips reach that town—and so, as the family tries to escape, they engage them in a deadly game of "chicken." This game ends only when Tom outwits the teenagers by parking his car on a narrow bridge, with the headlights on, evacuating him and his family to a safe spot twenty yards off the road. Faced with an unmoving object, Duke turns "chicken" himself, running his car off the edge of the bridge—after which he and Ernie, bruised, battered, and with scraped knees, swear that they will never give Tom any trouble. Tom agrees not to turn them in to the police—but tells them that he will go back to his motel and run it properly from now on.'] ["Natasha Martin  is a beautiful auto mechanic and aspiring musician who is invited to join music producer Infamous  aboard his private jet en route to Las Vegas in appreciation of her services on his Ford GT. She is also a highly-skilled race car driver, but is sometimes haunted by memories of her father's death at a NASCAR race many years ago. Meanwhile, on another side of town, Carlo ([[Nathan Phillips  has just returned from a tour of duty in Iraq. He meets up with his brother Jason ([[Jesse Johnson  before heading to Vegas themselves. Carlo is not happy that Jason is living with their mob boss uncle Michael D'Orazio , whom he always sees as the cause of their family's destruction. Little do they know that Michael has been running an unsuccessful counterfeiting ring and owes another crime organization millions of dollars. On the outskirts of Las Vegas, a high-stakes race event is being held, with Michael, Infamous, Hollywood producer Jerry Brecken  and Chinese businessman Marcus Cheng  placing their bets over who has the better car. When Infamous' driver fakes an ankle injury, Infamous gives Natasha an offer to drive his car. Natasha is reluctant at first, but agrees to drive in exchange for $300,000 and a recording contract. Little does she know that Infamous has to place her on his wager, as Michael - who has been obsessed with her since watching her band perform on stage earlier - has placed four platinum bars at stake. Natasha  takes on Jason . As they approach the finish line, Natasha is several car lengths ahead of Jason, but Jason quickly zips past her by engaging the onboard nitrous system. Unfortunately, because of the excessive speed, the Diablo loses downforce, flies off the ground and flips in mid-air before crashing upside down at the finish line. Attempting to avoid the falling Diablo, Natasha crashes on a barrier and is knocked unconscious. Before Carlo can reach Jason to rescue him, the Diablo bursts into flames, killing Jason instantly. Michael's henchmen, dressed as paramedics, place Natasha in an ambulance and speed off. Natasha wakes up in Michael's mansion, realizing that she is now his property. Meanwhile, Carlo meets up with an old military friend and picks up some ammunition and gear before riding a Ducati 999 with the intent to kill Michael. After breaking into Michael's mansion, Carlo and Natasha bump into each other and leave the complex. This prompts Michael to have his henchmen kidnap her mother and convince her to drive for him at the next race at the Red Rock Canyon in Nevada. In the final race, Michael, Brecken, Infamous and Cheng place their bets for a combined purse of $100 million. Infamous and Cheng are eliminated from the race after their cars  are involved in separate crashes. Natasha and Brecken's driver are still in the race. As both cars reach the finish line, Natasha (driving Michael's [[Enzo Ferrari  is several car lengths ahead of Brecken's Saleen S7 Twin Turbo when she receives a phone call from Carlo notifying her that he has rescued her mother. The good news prompts her to slam the brakes hard, stopping the Enzo an inch away from the finish line and giving the S7 the win, costing Michael the race. With no money left, Michael is given a last ride from the crime organization he owes money to. As a way of thanking Natasha for handing his driver the victory, Brecken gives her a recording contract (which shortly lands her on the cover of [[Variety , an Enzo and a Koenigsegg CCX. The film ends with Natasha  and Carlo  racing each other before being chased by the police on the freeway."] ["Mike McCoy, the lead singer for a band and a part-time race-car driver, is just trying to get by when he is pursued by three different women who seek to marry him. The first is Les, the female drummer of his band . The second is Cynthia Foxhugh , a spoiled heiress and daddy's girl. The third is Diana St. Clair , an author of books on men. McCoy drives a Cobra 427 sports car, which is towed around the country by a 1929 Model J Duesenberg. McCoy is driven off the road into a river by Cynthia. Her father, Howard Carl Betz, becomes determined to hire McCoy to drive his Fox Five car in a car race, but McCoy is just as determined to win the race and the girl in his own way."] ['Motor racing champion Joe Greer  returns home to compete in an exhibition race featuring his younger brother Eddie, who has aspirations of becoming a champion. Joe\'s misogynistic obsession with "protecting" Eddie from "women" causes Joe to interfere with Eddie\'s relationship with Anne , leading to estrangement between Joe and Eddie, and between Joe and his longtime girlfriend Lee , who is made to feel "not good enough" to be around Eddie. During the race, a third driver, Spud Connors, wrecks and is burned alive. Driving lap after lap through the flames and the smell of burning flesh  while blaming himself for the accident, Joe loses his will to race. Eddie goes on to win. Afterward, Joe\'s career plummets as Eddie\'s rises. The power of love eventually triumphs and Joe\'s career and his relationships with Lee and Eddie are rehabilitated. Sentimentalism is downplayed in this "pre-Code" film. The lingering stench of Spud\'s burning body is implied strongly by the horrified expression on each driver\'s face as he passes through the smoke and tongue of burning gasoline that marks the wreck site, sometimes pushing his scarf against his nose.'] ['World-famous European race car driver, Duessel Dorf, comes to America to take on his greatest challenge-stock car racing at Sears Point Raceway. However, Dorf, with his usual skill, soon turns the race into a shambles and sets the world of stock car racing on its ear.'] ['In 1956 Schenectady, New York, waitress Shirley Roque  marries auto mechanic Jack Muldowney  over the mild objections of her singer father Tex , who wants her to be able to take care of herself, rather than having to rely on a husband. Jack buys a gas station, Shirley becomes a housewife, and they have a son. For fun, Jack races his sportscar against others on deserted stretches of road late at night. One time, Shirley talks him into letting her drive. She wins and continues winning. A chance encounter with professional driver "Big Daddy" Don Garlits  gives her the idea to look for sponsorship from one of the major car manufacturers, despite her husband\'s skepticism. This being the 1950s, a pretty housewife is not taken seriously, especially since there are no women pro drivers at all. But when she returns home, Jack tells her that he can build her a dragster. In 1966, she is ready. She still needs to get three signatures before she can get her National Hot Rod Association  license, nearly impossible in the macho racing world. Finally, Garlits  signs, followed by funny car driver Connie Kalitta , who has his own reasons; Connie talks a reluctant third driver into going along. In her first attempt to qualify for a race, she sets a track record. Later, during a dinner with their respective spouses, Connie gets her alone, makes a pass at her, and gets slapped in the face. Shirley becomes successful, racing on weekends, but when Connie decides to move up to Top Fuel dragsters, she wants to buy his funny car and compete year round. This is the last straw for her husband, who just wants his wife back, and they separate. Connie and Shirley become involved, despite his continual philandering. In a 1973 race, her funny car is destroyed and she herself is seriously burned. When Connie is suspended indefinitely by the NHRA for fighting on her behalf, she tells him that she is going to Top Fuel. He becomes her crew chief. She wins her first NHRA national event in 1976, then the World Championship in 1977. Finally, tired of Connie\'s womanizing, she drops him from her team. Angry, he gets himself reinstated by the NHRA. Shirley, with little sponsorship and an inexperienced crew, has two lean years, but rebounds in 1980. She races against Kalitta in that year\'s NHRA championship final. The film ends with her victory and their reconciliation, and her ex-husband  giving her a private cheer.'] ['Having lost the first Cannonball Run race, Sheik Abdul ben Falafel  is ordered by his father  to go back to America and win another Cannonball Run in order to "emblazon the Falafel name as the fastest in the world." When Sheik Abdul points out that there is no Cannonball Run that year, his father simply tells him to "buy one." To make sure his ulcer does not prevent him from winning, the Sheik hires Doctor Nikolas Van Helsing , who teamed with JJ  and Victor  in the first race as his in-car physician. He brings along a blond-haired servant , who receives numerous slaps in the face from both the sheik and his father. Most of the participants from the first race are lured back, including JJ and Victor, who have taken jobs working with a flying stunt crew. In a subplot, Blake  and Fenderbaum  are in financial trouble with Don Don Canneloni , who in turn is in financial trouble with mob enforcer Hymie Kaplan . After the Sheik manages to bail out Blake and Fenderbaum by handing one of Don Don\'s thugs a stack of cash, Don Don hatches a plot to kidnap the Sheik in an attempt to extort money from him. The race begins with JJ and Victor dressed as a US Army general and his private driver. They catch the attention of Betty  and Veronica , who are dressed as nuns for a musical, but willing to hitch a ride with JJ and Victor when they think the guys could become overnight millionaires. They do not lose their habits until later. Don Don\'s enforcers continue to blunder one plan after another, with predictably slapstick results. The racers band together to invade the bordello. JJ, Victor, and Fenderbaum infiltrate it in drag, dressed as belly dancers. Others barrel in by car and rescue the Sheik, who is reluctant to leave since he has his pick of women there. In the end, the Sheik bankrolls Don Don\'s bordello and then declares that he is upping the stakes to $2 million for the winner. All jump into their vehicles and make a dash for the finish line and avoiding some traffic patrollers on the way. The Sheik, as it turns out, loses yet again , but convinces his father that he will win the return-trip race, having hired the winner of this one. It turns out to be an orangutan with a penchant for destructive behavior and giving elderly ladies the middle finger.'] ['Wendell Scott, a taxi cab driver in post-World War II, learns his craft for car racing by transporting illegal moonshine in the backwoods of Virginia. By the mid-1960s, he was a veteran driver who had won his battles with the white racetrack owners and police officers.'] ['The film stars Dean Jones as returning champion race car driver Jim Douglas, joined by his riding mechanic, Wheely Applegate . Together with Herbie, the "Love Bug", a 1963 Volkswagen Beetle, they are participating in the fictional Trans-France Race, from Paris, France to Monte Carlo, Monaco, in which they hope to stage a racing comeback.  In the Trans-France Race itself, Douglas and Herbie have three major opponents: *Bruno von Stickle : He is a dark-haired, moustached German driver with experience in the "European Racing Circuit". His car was a powerful Porsche 917 clone painted in the colors of the German national flag, and bearing the number 17. In fact, as referred in the movie, the kit car is a Lazer 917 GT coupé with numerous components including the engine and chassis from the Beetle. Von Stickle is deemed to be a formidable contender prior to and during the race. *Claude Gilbert  on the hood and the sides. His dominance in the race seemed similar to that of von Stickle until he crashed in the later stages. *Diane Darcy : She is a very pretty, if somewhat icy, young woman with strawberry blonde hair and hazel eyes who initially hates Jim for his and Herbie\'s incompetence that ruined her chances during the qualifying rounds. Diane\'s race car is a powder-blue 1976 Lancia Scorpion with yellow and white stripes, as well as a racing number #7. Hers is a car with whom Herbie falls in love during the film. However, Diane does not appear to believe in cars with minds of their own; thinking this was merely an excuse for what she believed as an act of possible misogyny or sexism from Jim. The only female driver in the race, Ms. Darcy is ostensibly a rookie driver, although her level of racing experience is never discussed in the movie. Relatively little was seen of her performance in the Trans-France Race itself. Diane and the Lancia crash into a lake towards the end of the race, but Herbie, Jim, and Wheely save them from drowning. She soon changes her attitude toward Jim after he saves her life and she witnesses Herbie towing her Lancia out of the lake. All three watch as Herbie crawls next to the Lancia and the two cars hold doors like holding hands. When Herbie seems to have trouble restarting, Diane knows cars can have minds of their own because she now knows her own car is alive as well. Diane urges the little car not to relent in the quest for victory in the Trans-France Race , and bids Jim good luck with a light kiss on one cheek. With Diane out of the race , Jim pursues Von Stickle through the streets of Monte Carlo, combatants in a thrilling duel for the win. In the end, though, Bruno von Stickle is overtaken by the little car in the famous tunnel of the Formula One race track, Herbie outracing him by driving upside down on the tunnel roof. Jim drives Herbie to victory for  the 20th time in their careers. As the film progresses, two thieves, Max ([[Bernard Fox  and Quincey , steal the famous Etoile de Joie and cleverly hide the diamond in Herbie\'s gas tank. It is also revealed that Inspector Bouchet , also known as "Double X / XX", is the mastermind behind the museum robbery, though the fact of his scheme is revealed near the end of the movie. It is the eager young detective Fontenoy , of whom the Inspector is the superior officer, who unravels the mystery of L\'Etoile de Joie, and has Bouchet clapped in handcuffs. At the end of the movie, Jim and Diane begin to fall in love, as do Wheely and the Monte Carlo trophy girl . Most of all, Herbie and Giselle  fall in love again as well.'] ['In the year 2030, a civil war breaks out in the United States. In a final attempt to restore order, the president declares martial law. In 2033, a massive prison camp known as "the Red Zone" is built in a desolate city that soon holds over one million insane, violent felons. The United States is declared safe. A dangerous criminal known as the Reaper  has been extracting sarin, which he plans to spill into the nation\'s water supply. One of the prisoners, FX  secretly films the Reaper with a Wi-Fi digital camera as he discusses these plans, and the state\'s governor, Reagan Black  finds out about them. Black develops a plan to hold a "death race" within the prison system, assembling four teams of racers: * The Severed Head Gang, consisting of Danny Satanico  and Fred "The Hammer" , two members of the largest gang in the United States, known for decapitating their enemies. The team is given a customized 1995 town car. * Homeland Security, consisting of Colonel Bob  and Captain Rudy Jackson , formerly honored, but now disgraced members of the United States Army. The team is given a vintage 1943 Willys MB. * Vaginamyte, consisting of Double-Dee Destruction  and Queen B , two serial killers who seduced and murdered over 72 male and female victims. The team is given a yellow Lotus with a black widow spider design. * Insane Clown Posse , whose violent form of hip hop was attributed as indirectly influencing multiple murders, acts of terrorism and a school massacre which resulted in the rappers being convicted for these murders and being dubbed as "the Charles Manson of their time". Although the group\'s music has been banned, it continues to retain a strong fanbase. Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope are given an ice cream truck customized with a meat grinder, machine guns and "all the bling-bling these two Detroit locals could find". The race is televised live, hosted by anchors Harvey Winkler  and Jennifer Ramirez . Black offers the teams gathering points for killing loose prisoners, promising freedom to the team that brings back the Reaper—dead or alive. When Danny Satanico suggests that the four teams escape, Black reveals that each team member has a chip implanted in their bodies which would kill any member that breaks the rules, using Satanico to demonstrate. When Insane Clown Posse\'s truck gets a flat tire, a fight ensues between the teams and loose criminals. In the distance, Violent J witnesses an explosion. The teams investigate, finding the burning Homeland Security jeep with two corpses inside. Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope find FX filming the race. He tells them that there will be an ambush at their first destination, and they let him ride in their van. Each of the teams work together to surprise and kill the ambushers. Metal Machine Man , under the order of the Reaper, kills FX and attacks the racers before being hit by missiles fired by a pair of mysterious men. The teams fix their cars before dispatching. Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope arrive at the Reaper\'s lair, and successfully infiltrate the fortress, preventing the Reaper and his henchmen from releasing the sarin into the water. The mysterious men arrive, firing a rocket into the room, and reveal themselves to be Colonel Bob and Captain Rudy, who were hired by Governor Black as inside men, and faked their deaths to convince the other teams that they had a chance of winning. Believing the Reaper died in the explosion, Bob and Rudy retrieve his severed hand and leave in Insane Clown Posse\'s truck. Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope emerge from the rubble. Because Violent J is injured, Shaggy 2 Dope goes after Bob and Rudy alone. The Reaper appears and attempts to release the sarin as Violent J attempts to stop him. The Homeland Security team members arrive at the finish line, presenting the Reapers hand to Governor Black. Shaggy 2 Dope rises from the back of the truck, shooting at Bob, Rudy and the governor. Black presses the button to activate the explosives in the bodies of the Insane Clown Posse team members. The sarin explodes, causing a chain reaction which destroys the country.'] ['   Street racers challenge each other to exceed the current speed record held by the F1 racer. However, in order to break the record of the Shuto Expressway, you need to have "luck" in addition to a high-powered street-machine and driving technique. And you must be able to conquer "Devil\'s Curve". Racers bet their dreams and their lives against one another in a dangerous game of speed. The 1st movie of the series and the only one which involves Police car chase. This movie was banned from Japanese theaters due to its message, nevertheless the series followed in video releases.      Keiichi Tsuchiya ([[Nissan Skyline GT-R|Skyline GT-R  tests tyres on a race track. Yamanaka Taka ([[Nissan Silvia|Silvia K\'s  breaks the street course record of his friend Tashiro Junichi ([[Nissan Skyline|Skyline RS-X . Junichi has given up racing to get married. The villain Sawaki ([[Nissan 300ZX|Fairlady Z  challenges Taka to a race. Junichi intervenes, stopping Taka from accepting. Taka sees Keiichi outside a Nissan showroom and challenges him to a race. Keiichi says he no longer races on the street, and he will only challenge Taka on a track. Junichi later races Sawaki on condition that he leaves Taka alone. Junichi crashes and dies in this race. Junichi\'s fiancee had bought a Skyline GT-R as a wedding present, and gives this to Taka, on condition he never street races again. Taka practises in the GT-R, receiving pointers from Keichii Tsuchiya. Breaking his promise to Junichi\'s fiancee he also races Sawaki, but during the race, having already dominated Sawaki, he decides racing is futile and doesn\'t bother to finish. The movie ends with the GT-Rs of Keiichi and Taka chasing each other around a race track. Takahiro, overtakes Tsuchiya, in the final corner of the race, with Nozomi, Junichu\'s widow, waving the checkered flag as they cross the finish line. *Opening theme: Me-ga subete  by Saori Saitō off her album Lady .目がすべて Me-Ga Subete 『首都高速トライアル』 *Ending theme: Naga-denwa no ballad  by Saori Saitō off her album Lady .長電話のバラード NaGa-DenWa no Ballad『首都高速トライアル』    Former Megalopolis Express Freeway record holder Kyōsuke has retired from street racing and now belongs to a Keiichi Tsuchiya\'s racing team. One day while performing mountain time trials, a black Toyota Supra hiding inside a tunnel comes from behind and challenges Yūsuke  to a race, but Yūsuke is no match for the unknown Black Supra. Kyōsuke is still haunted by that devastating crash that occurred on the Expressway a few years ago, which caused him to leave street racing. One day while releasing his anger in the snowy mountains, he and Tsuchiya witnessed an accident resulting Tsuchiya  racing down the snowy mountains to get help. After witnessing this, Kyōsuke asked Yūsuke to quit street racing in which the later replied that beating his record was the only thing for him. When Kyōsuke hears his old rival, Yūsuke has crashed on the freeway while racing the unknown Supra, permanently blinding himself in the process, Kyōsuke  returns to the Megalopolis Express Freeway for one last street race to avenge Yūsuke. Towards the end of the race against black Supra, Kyōsuke learn that the casualty in the accident at beginning was the sister of the Supra driver and pulls out from the race. Kyōsuke waited for the Black Supra and vowed never to races on the streets again, so did the black Supra. After Kyōsuke went back to the racing garage, someone gave him a racing helmet, in which was the intention of Tsuchiya. Last scene showing Kyōsuke in number 82 Formula 3000 car getting 6th in his debut to the pro racing scene. approx. time is 1 hour   A boy named Kenichi, has been diagnosed with terminal cancer. His most favorite car is the Skyline GT-R . His only wish, was to become a professional driver, like his idol Keiichi Tsuchiya. His older brother sells not only his car (Silvia K\'s , but also his father\'s car as well, in order to buy a Red GT-R . The elder brother chose to race on the streets because he knows his Kenichi won\'t be able to see it by the time he went pro. One day while visiting the tracks, the little boy happened to bump into Tsuchiya and was taken for a ride. As the younger brother\'s condition becomes worse, and on his deathbed, he makes his older brother promise to become a professional driver, and to beat Tsuchiya in a race. During the movie, several side racing action evolves, including a white RX-7 versus a yellow 180SX, as well as the black Supra Twin Turbo R, which was beaten by the red GT-R  by a margin in the 0-400m  street drag race, and making the latest tuning magazine cover. The white RX-7  later asked whether he was refused by Takahiro Yamanaka to race on the streets and challenged the Red GT-R  to race on Shuto Expressway, saying 0-400m are for kids, asking him to create their own legend. Later the two crashed and ended up in the hospital. Takahiro Yamanaka, from part 2, makes a special guest appearance, as the mechanic who tunes the cars for the final race, and as the trainer to the older brother, preparing him for the upcoming battle against Tsuchiya on the race track.    Shuto Kōsoku champion Shikiba Tatsuya  travels to Osaka to challenge Osaka Kanjō  champion Sendō . Sendō crashes during the race, writing off his car, and ending up in hospital. The opening credits roll, featuring Osaka\'s Tsūtenkaku. Tsuchiya Keiichi  tells his mechanic Kazuki  he must give up street racing. Kazuki asks Shikiba to race one last time. Two months pass. Sendō leaves hospital in his new JZA80 Supra to find Shikiba in Tokyo. Shikiba has given up racing, and spends time looking at the wrecked shell of Kazuki\'s R33 GT-R. It transpires that Kazuki died during their final race. Sendo finds Shikiba, but Shikiba will not race him, giving him an Akira Sudō ticket as compensation. Akira Sudō\'s performances are intercut with some of the races/dialogues. Shikiba accepts a final challenge from a Nissan Z32 driver who has also just got out of hospital. When Shikiba passes the spot where Kazuki died he cannot finish the race, and drives to look at Kazuki\'s GT-R again. He finds Tsuchiya there, who criticises him strongly, and challenges him to race on the track. He races but is no match for Tsuchiya. Tsuchiya tells him street racing is useless, and if he can\'t make it on the track, he\'s unfit for the wheel. Shikiba takes to the tōge in anger, and spins. Flashback to Kazuki\'s death. Shikiba finally returns home two days after the race to find Sendo staying with his sister. They have a fist fight, Shikiba leaves. Flashback showing that Shikiba\'s R33 GT-R was originally Kazuki\'s, Shikiba  won it from him in a race on their first meeting. Kazuki was so impressed that he asked Shikiba to help him create a legend using the GT-R, defeating all champions on roads across Japan, then moving into professional circuit racing, with Kazuki as the tuner. Flashback ends. Kazuki\'s bereaved girlfriend Kaoru harasses Shikiba on the docks. Meanwhile Sendō challenges and defeats the new 300ZX Shuto Kōsoku champion. Tsuchiya and Shikiba\'s sister independently tell Kaoru that Kazuki\'s dreams are still important. Kaoru finds Shikiba moping near Kazuki\'s GT-R and calls him a coward for giving up on Kazuki\'s dream. She gives him the tuned ROM Kazuki was working on before his death. Shikiba says he will race the Shuto Kousoku one more time. He challenges Sendō. Shikiba and Kaoru prepare the GT-R. Sendo and Shikiba\'s sister prepare the Supra. During the race, Shikiba finds the car has less power. Eventually he realises the power band has moved higher so adjusts his style and wins. Later he returns to the circuit to find Kaoru and Tsuchiya. While there, Tsuchiya offers Shikiba another race, but declines, saying that he has already raced him, and knows how it\'s like to race on the track. He then gives Kaoru the GT-R keys saying he will not give up on Kazuki\'s dream. The GT-R is Kazuki\'s dream, he feels it should be with Kaoru. Shikiba, is about to leave, but Tsuchiya challenges him for the last time. Sendō and Shikiba\'s sister turn up to watch, Shikiba\'s sister is now interested in Sendō. Tsuchiya lends Shikiba an NSX, and the movie ends with the NSXs drifting around each other, around the circuit. approx. time is 1.5 hours.'] ['Nick O\'Bannon, a college student, watches a race at McKinley Speedway for a study break and while watching the speedway race Nick suddenly has a premonition in which a number of people die when the Speedway collapses following a crash. Nick panics, persuading his girlfriend, Lori Milligan their friends, Janet Cunningham and Hunt Wynorski, security guard George Lanter, mechanic Andy Kewzer, mother Samantha Lane, racist tow truck driver Carter Daniels, and Andy\'s girlfriend Nadia Monroy to leave, escaping seconds before Nick\'s vision becomes a reality. As Nick is explaining what he saw to the survivors, a stray tire flies off the stadium and obliterates Nadia in front of the others. Just days after the disaster, Carter attempts to burn a cross on George\'s front lawn, but it backfires when his truck starts to move, and as he chases after it, his foot gets caught in the chain, dragging him along with the truck before he gets set on fire and then the truck blows up, killing him. His scorching head falls right beside George, who came out to see what was going on. The next day Samantha dies after her eye gets perforated by a stone propelled by a lawnmower outside the beauty salon. When Nick and Lori hear of the deaths, they research about premonitions and learn about the previous disasters then they realize that Death never meant for them to survive and is now coming for them. While Janet and Hunt refuse to believe, Nick convinces George and Lori to help him foil Death\'s plan. The group tries to save Andy, but he is killed after a carbon dioxide tank drives him to a chain-linked fence, but Nick gets new visions and they split up to save Hunt and Janet. Lori and George successfully rescue Janet from a malfunctioning car wash, but Nick arrives at the pool too late to save Hunt, who dies when he\'s unable to pull himself free from the bottom of the pool, when attempting to retrieve his quarter that fell in, as the drain disembowels him. George considers suicide but is unable to kill himself, leading the survivors to believe that saving Janet had stopped Death\'s plan. Nick decides to take Lori on a holiday, but she has already gone to the mall with Janet. While at the theater, Lori begins to see odd warnings suggesting they are not out of danger as Nick realizes that there was another survivor: Jonathan Groves. Jonathan is crushed by a bathtub just before Nick and George can make it to the hospital, and George is run over by an ambulance shortly thereafter. Left on his own, Nick arrives at the theater just in time to save Lori from an explosion that kills Janet and several others. However another explosion causes the mall to collapse, and Lori is annihilated by the escalator. Just as she dies, Nick awakens outside the hospital and realizes it was all a vision, but is not able to save George from his fate. Thanks to his vision, Nick is able to locate the source of the initial explosion and extinguish the flames. Two weeks later, the trio celebrates their survival in a cafe. Nick notices the omens surrounding him, and begins to think that perhaps they were never meant to die in any of the earlier accidents. And that their deaths were to happen somewhere else since the beginning. Then he notices the words "It\'s coming" on the table are crossed out, revealing underneath his cast are the words "It\'s here". As he says tells this to Lori and Janet, a series of events cause a semi to crash through the front of the cafe while avoiding a falling window cleaning structure. Shown in X-Ray vision, Janet is run over, breaking her skull and crushing her back, Lori\'s head is chopped off, and Nick is thrown into the wall, breaking his jaw, snapping his spine, and losing all of his teeth, leaving no survivors of the McKinley Speedway incident. The movie ends as Nick\'s broken teeth fall on the ground, and one of the broken teeth, is seen bouncing, and which flies at the screen.'] ['17-year old Sean Boswell  is a social outcast from Alabama in his high school in Arizona with a passion for vehicles. His parents got divorced when he was young, and he has a police record due to reckless driving with two offenses. To avoid solitary confinement, he and his mother move frequently. One afternoon after school, a local rich student named Clay , mocks Sean\'s 1971 Chevrolet Monte Carlo after seeing him talk to Clay\'s girlfriend, Cindy. Sean insults him about his "daddy\'s Viper", which causes Clay to throw a baseball to shatter the rear windshield of Sean\'s Monte Carlo. Sean challenges Clay to a street race, and Cindy offers herself as the prize. The racetrack is set at a construction site. Sean drives through an alley to catch up, and he drives through an unfinished house. He passes Clay, who retaliates by trying to run him off the road, damaging his Viper in the process. Sean T-bones Clay and he crashes into a cement pipe, but Sean loses control and he flips over several times, totaling his car. Both boys are convicted for illegal street racing and property damage. Because of his numerous brushes with the law in the past and tired of moving away all the time, Sean\'s mother sends him to Tokyo, to live with his dad, who is stationed there as a Navy officer. Upon arriving at his dad\'s home, he is warned by his dad not to stir up any trouble, and to not go anywhere near a car or he\'ll get deported back to the United States to go to jail. At his new school, Sean meets Twinkie ([[Bow Wow , an extremely business-minded fellow American immigrant, who sells pre-owned goods around the school, and he drives a custom-designed, but odd Hulk-themed 2004 Volkswagen Touran van. Twinkie introduces Sean to the drift racing scene in Tokyo at the parking lot reserved for street racers and audience. On the lot, Sean has a verbal confrontation with Takashi  – also known as "Drift King" or DK, because he was talking to DK\'s girlfriend, Neela , whom Sean met earlier in school. After the confrontation, Takashi challenges Sean to a race, and Han Seul-Oh , Takashi\'s business partner, lends him his Nissan Silvia S-15. Due to Sean\'s lack of knowledge on how to drift, he is defeated by Takashi\'s Nissan 350Z and his skills, and destroys the Silvia. Han warns him not to leave town. Sean is also confronted by his father, and Sean agrees again to stay away from racing. The next day, Han meets Sean after school with his Mazda RX7  and tells him that he must work for him to repay the damaging his vehicle. Han becomes Sean\'s friend and teaches him to drift, giving him a Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution IX  to represent Han in future races. Han explains to him that he is helping him because Sean is the only one who is unafraid of Takashi . Sean leaves his dad\'s house and bunks with Han, and learns that Han arrived in Tokyo to prevent conviction also. Sean soon masters drifting and gains some reputation after racing Takashi\'s right-hand man, Morimoto, and winning against him. Sean soon asks Neela out on a date, and learns she is an outsider because, when her mom arrived in Tokyo, she worked as a barmaid. After she died, DK\'s grandparents took Neela in, and she hooked up with DK. DK beats up Sean the next day, telling him to stay away from Neela. Angry after seeing Sean\'s bruises, Neela leaves Takashi, moving into Han\'s garage. One evening, Takashi\'s uncle Kamata , a high-ranking member of the local yakuza, visits him and informs Takashi that the business is not meeting expectations, and Takashi realizes that Han has been nabbing some of his merchandise. Later that night, Takashi and Morimoto arrive at Han\'s garage and confront Han, Sean, and Neela about the goods, and Takashi pulls out his gun and theatens to shoot at Han. Twinkie causes a distraction, and Han, Sean and Neela use the moment to escape from the garage, with Morimoto and Takashi in close pursuit. The driving continues throughout the Tokyo community, with Han in the lead, Sean and Neela behind him, with Morimoto and Takashi chasing them. Morimoto closes up and tries to T-bone Sean over the road, but he misses, avoiding traffic and collides with an oncoming driver, killing him instantly. Takashi continues along, and he manages to catch up with Sean, ramming him over the road. Han slams the brakes, switching the tables, with Sean heading on the front. Sean tries to help Han, but he finds himself in front of the large Shibuya square, honking to move the crowd, making a line to drift around the next corner. Takashi uses the moment and pulls an 180 spin, shooting on Han\'s windshield. Sean, noticing this, doesn\'t look at the traffic, and another driver rear-ends him. Meanwhile, Han pushes Takashi out of the road, and a oncoming car colides with him, flipping him over several times. Sean tries to help him, but Han\'s Mazda explodes, killing Han in the process. Horrified by this event, Sean and Neela retreat and get back to where Sean\'s dad lives, but Takashi shows up and attacks Sean. Sean gets the upper hand, but Takashi pulls his gun on him. Sean\'s father shows up on the scene, forcing Takashi to leave with Neela. Sean\'s father demands that Sean return to the United States, but Sean insists on staying to make things right. With help from Twinkie, Sean goes to the Yakuza neighborhood and returns Kamata\'s stolen money. Sean then proposes a race against Takashi to determine who will leave Tokyo. Kamata agrees to the challenge, but it will take place on DK\'s mountain, because he has been the only one to make it down all the way. The next day, Sean and Han\'s friends check Han\'s garage, but find that the police confiscated all of their cars, except for the Silva Sean crashed. Sean takes the 1967 Ford Mustang GT which his dad found, and remodels it with the help of Twinkie and the rest of the crew, using the engine components of Han\'s Silvia. The group restores the Mustang to the original shape. On the mountain, Han\'s crew and Takashi\'s crew show up, gathering signal through local video calls to watch the race. Kamata shows up with Neela. One of Kamata\'s men gives the signal to start the race. Although Takashi takes the lead in front, Sean passes him a couple of times, to which Takashi responds by ramming him multiple times, trying to scare him off the mountain road. As the race progresses, Takashi almost totals his car trying to stop Sean from winning, but Sean gains the lead at the end of the race, managing to turn just before finish line as Takashi tries to ram him, sending Takashi off the cliff. As Takashi\'s crew pulls him from the totaled car, Sean crosses the finish line. Neela reunites with Sean, and Kamata lets them both go. Months later, Sean is now the Drift King. One night, Twinkie informs Sean that he has a challenger to a race who has become well known around Asia. Sean accepts when Twinkie says the challenger knew Han, and that he was family to him. The challenger turns out to be none other than Dominic Toretto , who is driving "the Hammer", an old custom-built silver 1970 Plymouth Satellite. Sean, driving a Nissan Silvia like Han\'s - already knowing Dominic\'s reputation - tells him that this won\'t be a ten second race. Dominic responds with a smile and says that he has nothing but time. The film ends as both cars race off towards the first straight.'] ['The Trans-America Grand Prix is an illegal race held every year between Los Angeles and New York City. Recently released from jail, where he was serving a sentence for killing a girl while driving drunk, racing driver Coy "Cannonball" Buckman  hopes to win the race and get his career back on track. Racing team Modern Motors have promised a contract to either him or his arch-rival Cade Redman  who is also in the race - the contract will go to whichever of them wins. Coy is still on probation and when his parole officer, Linda Maxwell , with whom he is having an affair, discovers he will be crossing state lines in violation of his parole, she attempts to stop him, only to have him force her to accompany him on the race. Redmond also has company in the form of country singer Perman Waters  and his manager Sharma Capri  who have agreed to pay Redmond\'s race expenses in return for his taking them with him to New York in his Dodge Charger. Other competitors include teenage surfer sweethearts Jim Crandell  and Maryann  driving Maryann\'s father\'s Chevrolet Corvette, middle-aged Terry McMillan in a Chevrolet Blazer, three sexy waitresses, Sandy , Ginny  and Wendy  in a souped up van, arrogant German driver Wolfe Messer  in a De Tomaso Pantera, preppy African-American Beutell  in a Lincoln Continental he has been hired by a wealthy elderly couple to transport to New York for them  and Buckman\'s best friend Zippo  in a Pontiac Trans Am identical to Coy\'s. Unbeknown to Coy, his brother Bennie  has bet heavily on the race and plans to use underhand methods to ensure Coy wins. As the race degenerates into a violent demolition derby, Messer is blown up by Bennie, while McMillan attempts to cheat by having his Blazer flown from LAX to New York\'s LaGuardia Airport where he waits out the race with his mistress Louisa . Beutell\'s borrowed Lincoln gets progressively more damaged as the race goes on, while Jim and Maryann face engine trouble with a broken fan belt. The rivalry between Coy and the increasingly-unstable Redman gets out of control as the two fight and attempt to force each other off the road, with Coy crashing his Trans Am after Redmond breaks the headlights. Switching to a 1969 Ford Mustang he borrows from some local hot-rodders, Coy has a last showdown with Redman, who has kicked Perman and Sharma out of his car after arguing with them. A piece of Perman\'s guitar, which Redmond smashed in a rage after getting sick of Perman\'s singing and on-the-road radio broadcasts, gets lodged behind the car pedals, causing Redmond to lose control and crash over the side of an unfinished bridge. He dies when the car explodes. Bennie meanwhile, has sent a gunman to kill the driver of the "other" red Trans Am as it is beating Coy. He is unaware that the driver is Zippo or that Linda is now riding with him, as Coy thought it safer for her to do so since Redman was after him. While with Zippo, she has found out that it was Zippo who was driving the car in which the girl was killed, not Coy. Coy took the blame because he knew the weaker Zippo would never survive in jail. Bennie\'s gunman shoots Zippo dead and the Trans Am crashes and explodes. Linda jumps clear, but is badly injured. Jim and Maryann see the wreck and pick up the comatose Linda, taking her to hospital. Behind them, the presence of the wrecked Trans Am on the freeway causes a multiple-car pileup. Terry McMillan and Louisa arrive first at the finish line, but Louisa lets slip that the Blazer was flown there and he is disqualified. The girls in the van and Coy are neck-and-neck as they cross into New York City  until Sandy attempts to take a shortcut when the girls get lost and are stuck in traffic and the van crashes. Coy arrives at the finish line and is about to stamp his timecard, making him the official winner, when he is told about Zippo and Linda\'s accident and realizes Bennie caused it. He tears up his timecard so it can\'t be stamped and gives the pieces to Bennie, who is taken away by gangster Lester Marks  to whom he owes all the money he bet on Coy, presumably to be killed. Assured of his racing contract, Coy is taken to the hospital to be reunited with Linda by the team manager. Having decided to finish the race in spite of believing they cannot win having lost so much time, Jim and Maryann are the next to arrive at the finish line. They are surprised and overjoyed to be told they are the winners of the $100,000 first place prize. At the hospital, Coy and Linda enjoy their reunion, while Beutell delivers the Lincoln - now completely wrecked - to its horrified owners in front of a hotel in the city.'] ['A new science teacher  at Kona Pali High School in Hawaii pushes a group of students to come up with a science project. With a combination of design vision, mechanical skills, knowledge of batteries, and lightweight drivers, the students design and build a solar-powered car they name "Cockroach." Their team manages to outperform a corporate-sponsored car and win the local Big Island competition by correctly predicting cloudy weather based on the surfing experience of the student captain, Daniel . Cloudy weather would make their vehicle\'s battery capacity a more important factor than its weight. With the shop teacher as chaperone , the students travel to Australia to compete in the World Solar Challenge. To the relief of their corporate sponsor , who is still bitter over the loss of his company-built vehicle in Hawaii, their car is delayed at the very start of the race. However, the students choose to persevere and remain in the race. A sand storm and other difficulties provide occasions for heroism. Uni  pilots the car through difficult terrain, but has an accident and is rescued by Gilbert . After Cindy  is disqualified from driving for drinking alcohol, Eduardo  puts aside his "lolo-haole" conflict with Daniel and reduces the car to allow the overweight Gilbert to drive.'] ['Packard Walsh  is the ruthless leader of a gang that steals the cars of people they threaten into intimidation races. The entire town fears him, including his girlfriend, Keri Johnson , whom he sees as his own property. She actually doesn\'t love him and stays with him out of fear, so he won\'t harm her. The town knows he killed Jamie Hankins, Keri\'s former boyfriend, but the police cannot solve the murder due to the missing body. Packard controls the town with his power. As Packard organizes the races in the outskirts of the town, his tyrannical control of the races is suddenly at risk when a black Dodge M4S Turbo Interceptor called The Wraith arrives in town. The driver of this car is covered from head to toe in a racing helmet and black body armor that conceals his identity. The armor is adorned with metal braces resembling those worn by victims recovering from severe physical trauma. He starts to appear at Packard\'s races, where he kills gang members, starting with Oggie , and then Skank . Sheriff Loomis  tries to investigate the Turbo Interceptor, but the unidentified driver is impossible to find, showing only on races organized by Packard. Meanwhile, a young visitor named Jake Kesey  shows up on his dirt bike to stay in town for a while. He quickly befriends Keri and also Billy Hankins , Jamie\'s brother, who works at Big Kay\'s, the local burger shack. Jake has multiple scars around his neck and body, which he keeps as a secret. Keri becomes interested in him. As Packard\'s gang grows smaller with each death, Rughead , the gang\'s geek who organizes races and who did not participate in Jamie\'s murder, realizes that the gang is being targeted because of the murder and quits the gang in fear of his life. Keri herself is suspicious of who Jake is. When she confronts him over this, he tells her to ask Packard, explaining that Packard knows why Jake is here. Jake says that he has come a long way for Keri and his time is just about over. Packard, now the last member of his disbanded gang, confronts Keri at Big Kay\'s over her association with Jake and forces her to leave with him. When Billy attempts to intervene, Packard beats him and kidnaps Keri, telling her that they\'re going to flee to California. When she confronts him with the knowledge that it was he who murdered Jamie, he becomes physically abusive and tells her that she belongs to him. As he stops the car and pulls a switchblade on her, they are confronted by the Turbo Interceptor, who challenges Packard to a race. As with the others, Packard dies in a fiery explosion. With no members of Packard\'s gang left alive , Sheriff Loomis ends both the investigation and the pursuit of the Turbo Interceptor. As Keri arrives home that night, the Turbo Interceptor pulls up to the curb and a driver emerges, who reveals himself to be Jake. Jake tells an incredulous Keri that his new body was the closest he could get to being Jamie again and tells her that they were destined to be together. He then asks her to wait for him because he has one last thing to take care of. Jake goes to Big Kay\'s, accidentally scaring Billy. He calms Billy down and gives him the keys to the Turbo Interceptor, the only one of its kind, telling him that his work here is finished, and that "there are instructions in the glove compartment." When Billy asks, "Who are you, bro?", Jake replies, "You said it, Billy." As Jake rides off on his dirt bike, Billy comes to the realization that Jake is in fact his older brother Jamie. Jake picks up Keri, who was being watched by Sheriff Loomis, and together they ride off into the night on his dirt bike.'] ['Before a major motor race a man is hired by a racing team to steal the plans of a rival team. However when he is disturbed in the middle of the theft, he is forced to shoot his way out. He is then hunted down by agents of the team.'] ["Foh  is a mechanic and part-time racing car driver, playing the Good Samaritan for the police force by helping them to apprehend a dangerous criminal named Cougar  by means of a car chase. The criminal soon breaks free however, and takes revenge on Foh by trashing his business and home and kidnapping his two younger sisters. The only way Foh can free them is by taking part in a race with Cougar a rematch after the criminal's earlier defeat."] ['The premise involves two street racers  who live on the road in their highly-modified 1955 Chevy "One-Fifty" two-door sedan and drift from town to town, making their income by challenging local residents to races. The movie follows them driving east on Route 66 from Needles, California. They pick up a female hitchhiker in Flagstaff, Arizona , although it is more accurate to say that she picks them up by simply getting into their car. In New Mexico, they encounter another car driver . An atmosphere of hostility develops between the two parties. Although Oates is not an overt street racer, and, in fact, seems to know little about cars, a cross-country race to Washington, D.C. is suggested. Taylor proposes that the prize should be "for pinks," or legal ownership of the loser\'s car. Characters are never identified by name in the movie; instead they are named "The Driver," "The Mechanic," "GTO," and "The Girl". The movie follows the group east through small towns in California, Arizona, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Arkansas, and Tennessee, but no character makes it to Washington, D.C. during the film. After sleeping with both the Driver and the Mechanic during the journey, the Girl disappoints them by abruptly leaving with the GTO while they compete at a racetrack in Memphis. The Driver pursues them intently, finding them at a diner where the Girl has just rejected the GTO\'s idea to visit Chicago. The Driver proposes going to Columbus, Ohio to get parts, but the Girl rejects him. She hops on the back of a stranger\'s motorcycle, dropping her bag in the parking lot. The three men abruptly depart from the diner in their respective cars. The driver of the GTO, who has told a different story about himself to each of the many hitchhikers he picked up , stops for two soldiers on leave. He tells his passengers that he won the car while driving a home-built \'55 Chevy, emphasizing the circular nature of the film. The film ends during a drag race at an airstrip in East Tennessee. As the Driver speeds down the runway, first the sound drops out, then the film slows until the frames of the film seem to catch in the projector\'s gate, burning it.'] ["A racing team run by Pat Kazarian starts out with two drivers, Mike Marsh and Jim Loomis, but a crash at Daytona results in Jim's death. His girlfriend Holly McGregor arrives too late for the race and feels guilty for not being there. A young driver, Ned Arp, joins the team and also makes a play for Kazarian's sister, Julie. A third driver, Dan McCall, arrives from France and brings along girlfriend Gabrielle Queneau, but soon he develops a romantic interest in Holly. Arp is seriously hurt in a crash, losing a hand. Mike, meanwhile, doesn't care for Dan's ways with women and tries to run him off the track in a race, but Dan survives. He and Holly end up together, but Mike is consoled by Gabrielle. The movie is distinguished by the appearance of a 1965 Shelby GT-350 racing on the track, and one of the characters drives a 1965 Cobra Daytona Coupe as his street car! For Shelby enthusiasts, this is one of the few movies they appeared in."] ['Race teams have gathered in Connecticut to start their cross-country race. One at a time, teams drive up to the starters\' stand, punch a time card to indicate their time of departure, then take off. Among the teams are: :*J.J. McClure  and Victor Prinzi  drive a souped-up, but otherwise authentic, Dodge Tradesman ambulance.  :*Former open-wheel icon  Jamie Blake , and his teammate Morris Fenderbaum , dressed as Catholic priests drive a red Ferrari 308 GTS. (Based on an entry in the real-life 1972 race, in which three men disguised as priests  :*Jill Rivers  and Marcie Thatcher , two attractive women start the race in a black Lamborghini Countach. :*Jackie Chan and Michael Hui race as drivers of a high-tech, computer-laden Subaru GL Hatchback with a rocket-powered engine. :*A pair of good ol\' boys, played by Terry Bradshaw and Mel Tillis, drive a street-legal replica of Donnie Allison\'s Hawaiian Tropic-sponsored NASCAR Winston Cup Chevrolet stock car owned by Hoss Ellington.  :*Roger Moore plays "heir to the Goldfarb Girdles fortune" Seymour Goldfarb, Jr., who perpetually identifies himself as actor Roger Moore and signs in to the race under that name; his character behaves similarly to James Bond and only once  is referred to by his real name. He drives a silver Aston Martin DB5. :*Jamie Farr portrays an oil-rich Middle-Eastern Sheikh driving a white Rolls-Royce Silver Shadow. At the starting line, observing from the shadows, is Mr. Arthur J. Foyt , a representative of the , who tries to stop the race because of its environmental effects and safety issues. In the car with him is Pamela Glover. Shortly after they leave the starting line, J.J. and Victor  come across Foyt and Glover, who have been involved in a minor fender-bender. Glover implores J.J. and Victor to help, but when they tell Foyt to enter the ambulance through the back door, they kidnap Glover and take off without Foyt. As the race progresses, various teams are shown either evading law enforcement, most of which deal with talking their way out of a possible ticket, or concocting crazy schemes to outmaneuver their opponents. :*Jill and Marcie use sex appeal as their weapon, unzipping their race suits to display copious amounts of cleavage during traffic stops.  :*In New Jersey, the ambulance is pulled over by state troopers; Dr. Van Helsing drugs Glover, and J.J. and Victor are able to convince the troopers that they\'re rushing "the Senator\'s wife" to UCLA for medical treatment . :*The Subaru team is able to turn off their car\'s headlights and use infrared sensors for racing at night. :*Seymour Goldfarb is frequently shown evading police by using various James Bond-type gadgets  installed in his Aston Martin DB5. :*Mr. Compton  and "Super Chief" Finch  disguise themselves as a newlywed couple on a motorbike, but Finch\'s extra weight forces the two to ride cross-country in a permanent wheelie. The primary rivalry in the film is between the teams in the ambulance and the Ferrari. In Ohio, Fenderbaum and Blake are able to convince Victor to pull over their ambulance in order to bless the patient on board. While Blake carries out the blessing, Fenderbaum punctures one of the ambulance\'s rear tires with a knife. Later in Missouri, J.J. gets his revenge by convincing a nearby police officer that the two men dressed as priests are actually sex perverts who are responsible for the flashing victim in the ambulance. Meanwhile Foyt, with the help of his government agency, is able to set up a roadblock and catch several teams . Similar scenes continue to build up to the conclusion of the movie. The remaining teams find themselves stopped on a desert highway, next to a roadside market, waiting for construction work to clear the road ahead of them. While waiting, a biker gang  shows up and begins harassing Compton and Finch. The harassing quickly gets out of hand and a free-for-all fistfight ensues with everyone getting in on the action. Naturally the Subaru team  and the remaining teams join in the massive fight. In the middle of the fight, the construction crew announces that the road is open, and the teams sprint back to their cars for the final race to the finish. The ambulance falls behind the rest of the pack, until Victor changes into his super-hero alter-ego Captain Chaos. The vehicles all arrive at the finish line\'s parking lot at the same time, and it\'s a foot race to the finish line . In the sprint, J.J. hands his team\'s time card to Victor, then ambushes the remaining racers, leaving only Victor and one of the Lamborghini women. Just when it appears Victor will reach the time clock first, a scream rings out and a spectator shouts that her "baby" has fallen into the water. Victor, still in his Captain Chaos persona, quits the race and rushes to save the baby , allowing Marcie to clock in first and win the race. After Marcie won, J.J. got mad at Victor for saving a dog instead of winning and then saids that Victor needs to stop being Captain Chaos, then Victor saids he doesn\'t care and he wanted to be Captain USA. Foyt then appeared and asked everyone how happy for ruining the American highway, then Seymor offered him a cigar and told him to use the lighter in his car  and nothing happened when he told everybody to see what happens next, Seymor then asked how he lit his cigar and pressed the button and his plan backfired him as he plummed to the water. Everyone then celebrated after Seymor did his backfire on his lighter.'] ['The film follows the fate of four Formula One drivers through a fictionalised version of the 1966 Formula One season: * Jean-Pierre Sarti  – a Frenchman, previously twice world champion, nearing the end of his racing career. * Pete Aron  – an American, who is on the comeback trail. * Scott Stoddard  – an Englishman, recuperating from a bad crash during a race. * Nino Barlini  – an Italian, a promising rookie also a former world motorcycle champion. Sub-plots in the film revolve around the women who try to live with or love the racers with dangerous lifestyles.'] ['The comedic tone was established by the following disclaimer at the end of the opening credits: {{quote}} This was meant to underscore the fact that the actual event portrayed in the movie was, as stated in its Official Entry Regulations, "NOT A RACE."2012 London to Brighton Veteran Car Run  Official Entry Regulations &ndash; Regulation 4.3.4. The story revolves around two Veteran cars and their crews participating in the annual London to Brighton Veteran Car Run. Alan McKim , a young barrister and his wife Wendy , drive Genevieve, a 1904 Darracq. Their friend Ambrose Claverhouse , a brash advertising salesman, his latest girlfriend, fashion model Rosalind Peters  and her pet St. Bernard ride in a 1904 Spyker. The journey to Brighton goes well for Claverhouse, but the McKims\' trip is complicated by several breakdowns, and they arrive very late. As Alan cancelled their accommodation in their usual plush hotel during a fit of pique, they are forced to spend the night in a dingy run-down hotel  leaving Wendy feeling less than pleased. They finally join Ambrose and Rosalind for after-dinner drinks, but Rosalind gets very drunk, and insists on playing the trumpet with the house band. She mimes her trumpet solo "Genevieve" to a rendition by jazz trumpeter Kenny Baker, before falling fast asleep moments later, to Wendy\'s great amusement. Coincidentally, Kay Kendall and Kenny Baker were both born in Withernsea, Yorkshire. Alan and Wendy have an argument over Ambrose\'s supposed romantic attentions to her, and Alan goes off to the garage to sulk. Whilst working on his car in the middle of the night, Ambrose turns up. Angry words are exchanged and Alan impulsively bets Ambrose one hundred pounds that he can beat Ambrose back to London, despite racing not being allowed by the club. Ambrose accepts the bet—"First over Westminster Bridge". The following morning, despite Rosalind\'s massive hangover and Wendy\'s determined disapproval of the whole business, the two crews race back to London. Each driver is determined that his car is the better, come what may, and they both resort to various forms of cheating. Ambrose sabotages Alan\'s engine, and Alan causes Ambrose to be stopped by the police. Finally, on the outskirts of London , both cars are stopped by traffic police and the four contestants are publicly warned after Alan and Ambrose come to blows. At Wendy\'s insistence, they decide to call off the bet and have a party instead. But whilst waiting for the public house to open, words are exchanged and the bet is on again. The two cars race neck-and-neck through the southern suburbs of London. But with only a few yards to go, Genevieve breaks down. As Ambrose\'s car is about to overtake it, its tyres become stuck in tramlines  and it drives off in another direction. The brakes on Genevieve fail and the car rolls a few yards onto Westminster Bridge, thus winning the bet.'] ["Mid-season, rookie driver Jimmy Bly has already won 5 races. His brother/business manager Demille is seen to be more concerned with working out endorsement deals and press engagements than racing, putting tremendous pressure upon Jimmy. His winning is also angering former champion Beau Brandenburg who decides he's not doing very well this year because of his fiancée Sophia. He breaks up the engagement and he immediately starts winning again. As Brandenburg returns to form, Bly's wheelchair-using team owner Carl Henry is concerned that Bly is becoming more prone to driving errors. He sees parallels to his former driver Joe Tanto, who he convinces to come out of retirement to mentor Jimmy. Joe agrees and is brought in to replace Jimmy's teammate, Memo Moreno. To complicate matters, Joe's ex-wife Cathy Heguy is now married to Memo, the driver that Joe replaced. Despite all this, Joe and Memo are still friends. Joe's comeback race is extremely close, with Jimmy leading and Brandenburg a close second. Jimmy can't seem to pull away from him so Carl orders Joe to pit and holds him there until the leaders are about to come by. At the last second, Joe leaves the pit just in time to block out Brandenburg, allowing Jimmy to win the race. However, Jimmy's brother/manager takes a dislike to Joe's mentoring and tries to break their contact. Meanwhile, Joe urges Brandenburg not to break off his relationship with Sophia because she is beginning to get illegally involved with Jimmy and causing him to lose focus on race day. At a party in Chicago, where the prototypes of next year's cars are being introduced, Brandenburg gives Sophia her ring back and they are together again, much to Jimmy's disappointment. Sophia apologizes to Jimmy, but he is so upset that he takes one of the new cars and races it out of the convention center. Joe hops into another of the new cars and chases him down the streets of Chicago, eventually forgiving each other after they stop driving. As Jimmy and Joe bond, Carl decides that bringing back Joe isn't successful, so he reinstates original driver Moreno. The next race is a road course in Germany and it's another close one with Jimmy and Brandenburg fighting it out for first. Bly needs one more win to take the championship, and so Moreno is instructed to protect Bly's race. Cathy gets on the radio and convinces Memo to ignore those instructions, and, as a result, he collides with Bly in a horrific crash that sends him flying through the air and crashing into a lake on the far end of the course. Jimmy does a quick u-turn and drives his car to the lake and dives in after him. Brandenburg does the same and the two of them rescue Memo. Carl, angered by Jimmy's decision to stop and rescue Moreno instead of fighting on for the championship, decides to replace Jimmy with Brandenburg for the next season and negotiates a deal with Jimmy's brother who will now represent Brandenburg. Demille tries to get Brandenburg to sign the new contract but he rips it up and Sophia punches Demille in the face for the way he treated her previously. With Memo now hospitalized, Joe is racing again as Jimmy's teammate. It looked like Jimmy wouldn't be able to race due to an ankle injury but Carl finally decides to clear him for the race. At the final race of the year in Detroit, Jimmy and Brandenburg are contenders for the championship. In the final laps, Joe has taken the lead but by avoiding an accident, goes flying through the air, landing safely but damaging his axle. He can't block for Jimmy now and the two leaders pass him on the final lap. It's neck and neck coming down to the finish. Jimmy is starting to have a mental lapse, but then he hears Joe's words of wisdom and in a long slow motion sequence, we see Jimmy beating Brandenburg by just a few inches as Joe crosses in third while doing doughnuts in his now out of control car. Jimmy is the new champion and he, Tanto and Brandenburg, celebrate together on the podium drinking champagne."] ["Chasing the Horizon takes a look at a team's preparation for the Tecate SCORE Baja 1000, one of the most grueling off-road racing events in the world. It is known as such because of the extreme conditions which the race is set in, the length of the race, and spectators have even been known to set up booby traps on the course for their own entertainment. The team that the film takes a look at is a rookie trio called Team Horizon. Milo Brown is an ex-con and junkyard owner but is also the team's captain. Jeff Lloyd was once a homeless man who went on to become a millionaire and racecar driver. Toby O'Mara serves as the team chief mechanic and co-driver but he is also a plumber. The three men come together and form a sort of dysfunctional family to compete in this grand event. The film takes a look at the ups and downs of the crews experiences in the days that lead up to the actual race and the viewer sees moments of laughter and comedy but also times of sadness."] ["Taking place in the Gunma prefecture in Japan, the film concerns a young tofu-delivery driver named Takumi Fujiwara, trained from a young age and way before he could drive to deliver tofu to the peak of Mt Akina and unknown. He had been trained to an incredible level of skill in taking on the five hairpin corners plus using the gutter techniques of Mt. Akina . The film chronicles his evolution from an uninterested delivery boy into a hardened tōge racer, also showing how he learns techniques of racing without affecting his delivery load. Takumi drives his father, Bunta Fujiwara's Toyota Sprinter Trueno GT-APEX  which is seemingly unmodified but is perfectly suited for the downhill corners of Mt. Akina, which gains the attention of local street racers all across the prefecture. Some ultimately challenge Takumi to races on Akina's downhill, including Takeshi Nakazato who leads the NightKids team and drives a Nissan Skyline GT-R . Ryosuke Takahashi, leader of the RedSuns team and a driver of the Mazda RX-7  helps out Takumi along the way by giving him advice and teaching him about car mechanics. Takumi agrees to race Ryosuke in three weeks. While following the path of a street racer, Takumi must deal with his alcoholic father and his girlfriend Natsuki Mogi  who's with an older man  at a love hotel for two weeks as he takes on more difficult challenges. With all the talk on Takumi's AE86, Takumi's close friend Itsuki Tachibana buys a new car after his Nissan Silvia gets totalled. He wounds up buying but swindled  getting a faulty AE86 instead. Takumi was lured by Itsuki to teach driving down Mt Akina, but halfway through, a member from the Emperor Team taunts them and almost made them crash, which makes Takumi angry and successfully getting back at the Emperor Team's racer, where his Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution IV crashed. Takumi thus gains more fame, but the Emperor Team is mad. Afterward, his AE86 apparently breaks down mechanically after being bothered from a racer in the Emperor Team as payback, which led to Bunta dropping a new TRD 20-valve SilverTop racing engine and modifying the car. Takumi tests his new car, but is not used to the new mechanics, until Bunta teaches him how to drive right, he becomes ready. Though, Takumi is bothered by Natsuki's absence, and despite a fight between Itsuki and him where Itsuki claimed he saw Natsuki coming out of a love hotel with her older partner and he impulsively declares Natsuki a slut , Takumi suspects something amiss about her. When Ryousuke and Takeshi arrive to pick him up for their duel, Takumi follows, but he briefly sees Natsuki with her older partner, which seemingly confirms what Itsuki saw. At last the showdown on the Emperor Team, Ryosuke and Takumi race along with the racer from the Emperor Team, Kyouichi. Ryousuke and Takumi handle their common opponent from the Emperor Team and work together. The Emperor Team loses when Kyouichi swerves to avoid hitting another car and refused to listen to advice. The race then leaves only Takumi and Ryosuke where they take each other on. In the midst, Bunta explains the factors on Takumi's chances to win, and finally Takumi succeeds to win the event by beating Ryousuke at the last hairpin turn with the new car's mechanics that he learned. After the race, at a convenience store Ryosuke offers Takumi a chance on a racing team composed of expert racers, on which Takumi has been undecided. Until he discovers his girlfriend being dropped off by the older partner he confirms the suspicions of her and he runs away from her, but she kept running towards him. Outrunning Natsuki and back to his car where he tearfully drives away, he is upset and their relationship ends with Natsuki regretfully crying. In the end Takumi apologizes to Itsuki and he joins Ryousuke's team as the film ends."] ['Mark \'High Gear\' Sherrod has been a race car driver for the past five years and is now at the height of his career. His co-driver Ed is the widowed father of Jimmy. Ed promised his wife before she died that he would send Jimmy off to a fine military school after winning the "big race". The day before the race finds Jimmy and Ed at home in their apartment, with Mr. and Mrs. Cohen visiting, and reporter Anne Merrit sneaking into Mark\'s hotel room for an exclusive interview. Mark agrees to give her the interview she needs over a dinner table. She break the date she already has for the night with her boss Larry Winston and goes out with Mark. Larry Winston walks into the same restaurant Mark and Anne are dining at, and sees them. Larry walks over to their table and has Anne introduce him to Mark. The two men become rivals. On the day of the race, Mark gets behind when a tire goes flat. He enters the track again and starts to take the lead. While on the last lap, Mark loses control of his car and spins out just as he is about to pass the car in the lead. His car comes to a stop and before he can move out of the way, he is hit dead on by another car going full speed. Mark somehow comes out of this accident unscathed, but his partner Ed is killed. Jimmy, now an orphan, is staying with the Cohen\'s. Mark returns and the Cohen\'s decide to tell him they would like to adopt Jimmy. Before they are able to however, Mark asks Jimmy if he wants to come and live with him at his hotel. Jimmy accepts, Mark promises to send him to that military school, and Mrs. Cohen silently bursts into tears. Mark sends Jimmy to the URBAN Military Academy and hits the track again with his new co-driver Howard. Unfortunately, Mark is plagued by crude flashbacks of Ed and the accident. He tells Howard he is through with racing and walks away. Strapped for cash, Mark leaves his fancy hotel, moves in with Mr. and Mrs. Cohen, and takes a job as a taxi driver to pay for Jimmy\'s school. While waiting for customers, Mark gets into a fight with another cabbie for being in the wrong space. Anne, who has been unable to find Mark since he moved, spots him in his taxi and finds his new residence through his license number. Anne promises to not mention Marks "fall from fame" and has dinner with him. While dropping Anne off at her office, Mark is spotted by Larry Winston. Larry asks Anne who her taxi driver was and when she does not tell him, he comes to the correct conclusion on his own. Larry promises to Anne that he will not say anything about Mark\'s new career, but later breaks his promise when he delivers his news report the next afternoon. Mark hears this report on the radio and becomes infuriated. Jimmy also hears the report with his school mates and is laughed out of the room. Mark hurries to confront Anne and does not believe her when she says she didn\'t say anything. While there, he gets into another argument with two other cabbies. Jimmy comes to the conclusion that Mark cannot afford to keep him at URBAN, so he sneaks out of a window and returns to the Cohen\'s apartment for a "surprise visit". Mark is at first happy, but then becomes upset when Jimmy refuses to return school. Two rival cab drivers go to Mark\'s home and begin tearing up his cab. Mark goes out and gets into an all out brawl with them. Jimmy gets caught up in the middle and is hit in the head with a flying wrench, which "crushes" his skull. Anne tells Mark more or less to drive Jimmy to this hospital as quick as he can. Over time, Jimmy recovers and is later seen in the hospital talking to friends. Mark returns to racing and wins another big race, with Anne right by his side.'] ["When the older brother  he idolizes is run off the road by a ruthless drug dealer  during a nighttime street race known as Sepulveda Suicide, Rick Merchant  channels his grief into getting revenge behind the wheel. But to win, he'll need to modify his trusty 1988 Mazda RX-7/Nissan 240sx -- with help from a mechanic Kelly  -- to get the maximum performance out of his machinery."] ['Cole Trickle  is a young racer with years of experience in open-wheel racing. He is recruited by car dealership tycoon Tim Daland  to race for his team in the NASCAR Winston Cup Series. Daland also convinces former crew chief and car builder Harry Hogge  to come out of retirement and lead Cole\'s pit crew. During his first few races, Cole has difficulty adjusting to the larger NASCAR stock cars and communicating with his crew while being intimidated on the track by Winston Cup Champion Rowdy Burns ; this results in Cole not finishing the races, mostly due to crashes or engine blowouts. After discovering that Cole does not understand the common terminology used by NASCAR teams, Harry puts him in a series of rigorous training. This pays off at the Darlington race, when Cole uses a slingshot maneuver from the outside line to overtake Rowdy and win his first race. The rivalry between Cole and Rowdy intensifies throughout the season until tragedy strikes. At the Firecracker 400 in Daytona, both drivers are seriously injured after their cars are destroyed by "The Big One". While recovering from his injuries in Daytona Beach, Cole develops a romantic relationship with Dr. Claire Lewicki , the neurosurgeon attending to his health. At the same time, Cole and Rowdy change from bitter rivals to close friends. As Cole is still undergoing therapy, Daland hires hot shot rookie Russ Wheeler  to take over his spot. Weeks later, Cole returns to active duty, with Daland now fielding two teams&nbsp;– the second car driven by Russ. Though Cole shows signs of his old self, he finds himself intimidated by his own teammate. Then, at North Wilkesboro, Russ gets dirty on pit road and spins Cole out to win the race. In retaliation, Cole crashes his car into Russ\'s car during the victory lap, resulting in Cole and Harry\'s team being fired by Daland. When Rowdy discovers that he has to undergo brain surgery to fix a broken blood vessel, he asks Cole to drive his car at the Daytona 500. Cole reluctantly agrees and convinces Harry to be his crew chief again. Hours prior to the race, Harry discovers that the car is leaking oil, so he manages to have Daland provide him a new engine. During the race, Cole\'s car suffers a malfunctioning gear shifter after being spun out by Russ, but the combined efforts of his pit crew, as well as those working for Daland, manage to fix the problem and get him back on the lead lap. This sets the tone for a final showdown between Cole and Russ. On the final lap, Russ predicts that Cole will attempt his signature slingshot maneuver from outside, but Cole tricks him with a crossover, overtaking him from the inside to win his first Daytona 500. Cole drives into victory lane, where he celebrates with Claire and his pit-crew. As he looks around to see where Harry is, he spots him sitting alone on a concrete barrier near the pit stop. Cole walks up to Harry and challenges him to a foot race to victory lane.  While the movie was neither based on a true story, nor a biographical film, the main character Cole Trickle was very loosely based on the career of Tim Richmond,<ref namehttp://www.nytimes.com/2010/06/27/sports/autoracing/27nascar.html?_rThe Summer That Nascar Received Its Close-Up|publisherAP|date2012-09-27}} The scene where Big John tells Cole and Rowdy they will drive to dinner together is based on an actual meeting Bill France, Sr. had in the 1980s between Dale Earnhardt and Geoff Bodine.{{cite news}}'] ['Bobby "Gator" McKlusky  is serving time in an Arkansas prison for running moonshine when he learns his younger brother Donny was murdered and that Sheriff J.C Conners  was the one behind it. Gator knows the sheriff is taking money from local moonshiners, so he agrees to go undercover for the Feds and try to expose the sheriff. He gets a job running moonshine with Roy Boone  and starts having an affair with his girlfriend Lou . Eventually, when the sheriff discovers Gator is working for the Feds and sends his enforcer Big Bear , Gator decides to go after the sheriff in an epic car chase finale.'] 