['The film opens with a woman walking her dog down an empty, darkened city street. As she passes by a manhole, she is attacked by a creature, and the dog is pulled in after her. George Cooper ([[John Heard  lives with his girlfriend Lauren . George, a once-prominent fashion photographer, has since forgone the fame and fortune. His current project is photographing New York City\'s homeless population, specifically those known as "undergrounders", or people who reside within the bowels of the city. A police captain named Bosch  is introduced. Bosch has a personal interest in the recent flood of missing persons  being reported to his precinct. Bosch interviews A.J. "The Reverend" Shepherd ([[Daniel Stern , who runs the local homeless shelter. Shepherd believes recent events to be a part of a massive government cover-up and has the evidence to prove it. Bosch\'s superiors know more than they are letting on and seem to be taking their cues from an overly glib, weasely type named Wilson , who works for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. It turns out there are monsters lurking beneath the streets; beings that were once human, but radioactive, chemical toxic waste has mutated them into hideous, flesh-eating creatures that prey on the homeless who live in the underground. Given the recent drop in the underground transient population, the creatures have resorted to coming to the surface through sewer manholes in order to feed. Through a series of events, both George and A.J. find themselves trapped in the sewers, a reporter gets involved , and Lauren has a problem with both a clogged shower drain and an unexpected visitor that comes up through the sewer access point that she unfortunately decides to open in the basement of her apartment building. Then, through the dangerous investigative efforts of both A.J. and George, the absolute horror is revealed: The Nuclear Regulatory Commission is directly involved in the slaughter that has been going on. Although the political bureaucracy has forbidden the NRC to transport the toxic wastes through New York because of the large-scale danger to the public, it has secretly been hiding the waste by-products beneath Manhattan in abandoned subway tunnels. Unfortunately, the underground homeless population has been coming into contact with these by-products, turning them into the mutated creatures. It is this secret that Wilson guards to the extent of having a mysterious and threatening lackey disrupt A.J. from making phone calls to the press. This thug then locks A.J. in an underground access tunnel either to suffocate from the gas to be used to asphyxiate the C.H.U.D.s, or to leave him to become their prey. Wilson is clearly willing to kill to protect his employer\'s secrets—even a cop. Later that evening at a diner, two police officers enter and while the waitress and the two are discussing, the monsters return and attack the diner inhabitants Captain Bosch argues with Wilson over how to deal with the threat: Wilson wants to seal the sewers, open up some gas lines, and asphyxiate the C.H.U.D.s despite the inherent danger to the city. Wilson, after being overwhelmed by Bosch decides to shoot him and activates the truck in reverse in order to stop George and AJ but they escape from the manhole just in time as Wilson pass them over. AJ finds Bosch\'s gun and shoots and kills Wilson before he runs over them, then the truck explodes as it falls on the manhole, Bosch is still alive and George, Lauren, and AJ are saved.'] ["A group of teenage girls spends the night in an old dark mansion as an initiation into a college sorority. What they don't know is that the building is actually the headquarters for a mad scientist and his hunchbacked assistant, who are experimenting with turning humans into gorillas."] ['A photographer and a group of American models travel to Egypt for a fashion shoot. While shooting in an ancient tomb, their hot lights accidentally revive a mummy and his followers, a band of flesh-eating zombies.'] ["Colin Glasgow returning home after the murder of his uncle finds out that his uncle's will has been altered and his family is under a werewolf curse.Lots of twist and turns lead to Colin finding his old love Lynn and meeting a Priest that is more than meets the eye.In the end Colin must find a way to end the curse that has haunted his family over the ages and will do so even if it costs him his life."] ["Devil's Nightmare tells the story of a group of tourists who become lost during a trip. They meet a man at the roadside who gives them directions, but it is too late to catch the ferry. They are then directed to an old castle which offers room and board. A succubus also comes to stay at the castle and proceeds to seduce each tourist according to their own personal weaknesses, then kills them, using their own sin against them. Each tourist is a representative of one of the Seven Deadly Sins."] ['In an isolated farmhouse, a woman named Dorothy Yates lives with her husband. Dorothy has just been released from a mental institution after it was found she was a cannibal who killed and partially ate at least six people in 1957. Her husband, Edmund Yates was convicted as well but we come to find out that he only faked his dementia in order to remain with his wife. He was a truly devoted husband who loved his wife dearly but really had nothing to do with the actual murders in 1957 and in the present. Now it is 1974 it seems as if Dorothy has had a severe relapse. She secretly lures lonely young people to her Haslemere, Surrey home, promising tea and a tarot card reading, only with the session ending with a violent murder and "feast". Jackie,  began to suspect her stepmum, Dorothy, rather early in the film and juggles her family ties while at the same time, trying to control her stepsister, Debbie . Debbie rides with a violent bike gang and has apparently inherited her mum\'s appetite for human flesh herself. Debbie became involved in a fight with her boyfriend and a barman after closing time near one of London\'s hip nightclubs. The bike gang leave when spotted by customers but Debbie hid the body in a car shelter before the police arrived. Debbie has severe arguments with Jackie about where Jackie goes at night. She learns  that Jackie has been visiting her parents in Haslemere. Debbie finds out where they live and she and boyfriend  flee to the countryside home to be reunited with mum and dad. They are a family again and plan to plot against Jackie, who kept Debbie from them.'] ['American foreign news correspondent Larry Stanford  has been working out of Japan for the last few years to the detriment of his marriage. His last assignment before returning to his wife in the United States is an interview with the renowned but reclusive scientist Dr. Robert Suzuki , who lives atop a volcanic mountain. During the brief interview, Dr. Suzuki amiably discusses his work on evolution caused by sporadic cosmic rays in the atmosphere, and professes that he has discovered a method for producing evolutionary change chemically. Suzuki serves Larry a drugged libation, causing him to fall into a deep sleep. Announcing to Tara , his voluptuous assistant, that Larry is the perfect candidate for his latest evolutionary experiments, he injects an unknown substance into Larry\'s shoulder. Upon waking, Larry is oblivious to the true situation and accepts Suzuki\'s invitation to spend the next week vacationing with him around Japan. Over the next few days, Suzuki uses Tara as a beguiling distraction while conditioning Larry with mineral baths and copious amounts of alcohol, exacerbating the pain in Larry\'s shoulder. Meanwhile, Larry\'s estranged wife  has traveled to Japan to bring him back home with her. But when confronted, Larry refuses to leave his new life of women and carousing. After a few drinks that night Larry examines his painful shoulder to discover that a large eyeball has grown at the spot of Dr. Suzuki\'s injection. Becoming aloof and solitary, Larry wanders Tokyo late at night. He murders a woman on the street, a Buddhist monk, and a psychiatrist, while slowly changing form, culminating in his growing a second head. Seeking a cure, Larry climbs the volcano to Dr. Suzuki\'s laboratory where Suzuki has just informed Tara that Larry has become "an entirely new species" and beyond remedy. Entering the lab, Larry kills Suzuki and sets the building on fire as Tara flees. Larry splits into two completely separate bodies, bringing himself back to normal. The monstrous second body grabs Tara and falls into the volcano as Larry\'s wife and the police arrive. Larry, now cured, is taken away by the police, although it remains unclear how much moral or legal responsibility he has for his violent actions. The movie ends as Larry\'s wife and his friend discuss the good that remains in Larry.'] ['In 1940s England, Dr. Rossiter  is a plastic surgeon wanted by the police after an operation goes hideously wrong. However, believing himself to have brilliant abilities as a surgeon, he and his assistants  evade capture and escape to the Continent. There Rossiter changes his name to Schüler, and befriends a circus owner  on whose deformed daughter Nicole  he operates. Schüler manipulates his way into running the circus, taking it over when the owner dies in a "freak accident." A decade later, he is running an internationally successful circus, which he uses as a front for his surgical exploits. He befriends deformed women and transforms them for his "Temple of Beauty". However, when they threaten to leave, they meet with mysterious accidents which raise the suspicions of local police , who are soon on his trail.'] ['A young woman, whose mother died giving birth to her, is facing eternal life in either Heaven or Hell. She must make the choice who to listen to, her guardian angel, whom she met when she was a child, or the evil ones.'] ['People trying to sell an isolated mansion with a dark history in Massachusetts are being stalked and killed by an escaped maniac. But who is this deranged murderer and why do the local townspeople act so strange?'] ['The film begins with a group of nurses at a psychiatric hospital daring a fellow nurse, Nicole , to go into the hospital\'s basement for a game of Bloody Mary. Playing what the others call "The Mirror Game", she releases the vengeful spirit and is snatched away. When Nicole is reported missing, her writer/reporter sister Natalie  decides to investigate on her own. As the film progresses, more people are killed by the spirit of Bloody Mary  in gruesome ways while Natalie uncovers clues about the truth behind her sister\'s disappearance and Mary herself. Near the end, almost all of the main characters are dead except for Natalie, who discovers that Bloody Mary is actually her mother.'] ["The central character in Mad Cowgirl is Therese, a meat inspector who is dying of a brain disorder. The film follows Therese on her surreal descent into violence, in which men in her life become the Ten Tigers of Canton that she must kill in order to become a better woman. Victims of Therese's violent surreal madness include her meatpacking brother Thierry, naughty Pastor Dylan, and a Sri Lankan doctor."] ["Members of a college swim team take anabolic steroids to enhance their performance. While on a daytrip to a local lake, a couple of the members pick up some leeches, which feed on the steroids in their blood. The leeches end up washed down a shower drain, where they grow to enormous size and return for more feedings. Following the deaths of several members of the team and a college administrator, the few surviving team members and one of their girlfriends hatch a plan to kill off the monster leeches. They will draw them to the campus swimming pool by having one of the swimmers act as bait. Then they'll electrify the pool, electrocuting the leeches. Tragically, the team coach, who's been infested by a leech, attacks them, delaying the electrification just long enough to allow the leeches to kill one last swimmer. Finally the coach is subdued and the switch is thrown, frying the leeches. As the film ends, a surviving swim team member, in true mad scientist fashion, is revealed to have had a hand in creating the leeches and is shown to have breeding stock left."] ['Attendees at a horror-film convention in San Francisco keep disappearing. It turns out that the guest of honor is a real vampire, and his henchmen are kidnapping the convention guests. A horror writer, a Sherlock Holmes fan and an Israeli Nazi-hunter set out to stop him.'] ['When two young boys are savagely attacked and killed by a legion of rattlesnakes in a small California desert town, the local sheriff  calls upon herpetologist Dr. Tom Parkinson , a Los Angeles college professor, to discover why the snakes are displaying abnormal aggression and swarming behavior. The sheriff teams Parkinson with war photographer Ann Bradley . As more people in the desert town are killed by the vicious rattlesnakes, Parkinson\'s and Bradley\'s investigation leads them to a nearby army base, where the commanding officer, Colonel Stroud , seems strangely reluctant to help them. Parkinson and Bradley are, however, assisted by the base\'s chief medical officer, Captain Delaney . Shortly afterward, Palmer  and Woodley , two soldiers on night patrol, stop to change a flat tire on their jeep and are killed by a horde of rattlesnakes. Delaney then summons Parkinson and Bradley back to the base, without Stroud\'s knowledge, so they can investigate the soldiers\' strange deaths. Eventually, Parkinson discovers that the colonel ordered, and then covered up, the illegal disposal of an experimental nerve gas called "CT3" in one of the local desert caves. The exposure of the snakes to the nerve gas had made them unusually aggressive. When Delaney drunkenly confronts Stroud and threatens to expose his crime, Stroud kills him. Stroud then engages the local sheriff\'s department in a gun battle and is killed.'] ['After inheriting a casino from his dead uncle, Matthew Dragna, his girl friend J.J.  and a group of friends take a road trip to the outskirts of Las Vegas, where they find the run-down Mysteria Casino. But the trip takes a frightening turn when the kids discover that the casino is haunted by the ghosts of Vegas mobsters Roy "The Word" Donahue  and his goon Gil Wachetta , looking to settle an old score. Matthew and J.J. must fight for their very souls as the ghosts seek their gruesome vengeance, and in the vein of The Shining, this horrifying tale builds to a bloody and surprising climax.'] ['A group of film students plan an all-night horror film festival in order to raise funds for their cinema club. They decide to show a number of  horror films from the 1950s that rely on gimmicks such as 3-D, Odorama, and electrical "buzzers" in seats. Unbeknownst to the group, a homicidal maniac is stalking the theater where the festival is being held. A filmmaker named Lanyard Gates, who murdered his family during a screening of his only film in the 1970s, supplies the decoy killer character, since young Maggie  may or may not be his missing daughter.'] ["A nuclear submarine on patrol maneuvers in the Pacific Ocean captained by Commander Pete Mathews , comes into contact with something the sonar determines is massive. The boat is disabled but manages to free itself and dock at Pearl Harbor. There it is discovered animal tissue of great proportions has jammed in its dive planes. A man-and-woman team of marine biologists, Lesley Joyce  and John Carter , is called in, and they identify the tissue as part of a gigantic octopus. The military authorities scoff at this explanation, but are finally persuaded to investigate upon receiving reports of missing bathers, and ships pulled under the water by some living thing. Over the following two weeks, as John and Lesley continue their investigation, Pete shows a personal interest in Lesley, who is only eager to return to her own research. The scientists conclude the octopus is from the Mindanao Deep and has been forced out of its natural habitat due to hydrogen bomb testing in the area. The testing has rendered the octopus radioactive, and this radioactivity drives off its natural food supply.http://movies.nytimes.com/movie/25501/It-Came-From-Beneath-the-Sea/overview John and Lesley speculate that unexplained disappearances of a Japanese fishing fleet and a Siberian seal boat may have been due to the octopus. Pete and the Navy representatives express doubt over this hypothesis, however, and demand further proof. Later, as Pete assists John and Lesley with departure arrangements, a report comes in of an attack on a French shipping boat, from which several men escaped in a raft. John and Lesley are once again pressed into service for the government. The French survivors are questioned by psychiatrists, but when the first sailor's description of an attack by a creature with giant tentacles is met with skepticism, the other sailors refuse to testify. Lesley is able to convince the first sailor to repeat his story for the government officials, who now have the evidence they need to back up the scientists' premise. The government then halts all sea traffic in the North Pacific without revealing the reason to other countries. John flies out to sea to trace a missing ship, while Pete and Lesley follow up a report of three missing people on the coast of Oregon. The local sheriff, Bill Nash , takes them to the site of the attack along the beach, where they find a giant suction imprint in the sand and request that John join them. While waiting, Pete and Lesley fish all day to no avail, and are convinced that the giant creature may be in the vicinity. After John arrives and the imprint is definitively identified as octopus, Pete demands Lesley leave the project, which now threatens to become dangerous, but she steadfastly refuses. When Bill is attacked along the beach by the creature in front of the scientists, they hastily arrange for the entire Pacific coast waters to be mined before departing for San Francisco and the Navy's central headquarters. An electrified safety net is strung underwater across the entrance to San Francisco Bay to protect the Golden Gate Bridge, which is also wired. John takes a helicopter along the shore and baits the sea with dead sharks in an effort to lure the octopus back inland. Lesley demonstrates to reporters a special jet-propelled atomic torpedo, with which they hope to shoot the creature and then drive it to sea before detonating the device. Later that day, the giant octopus demolishes the net across the Bay and heads toward San Francisco. The Navy orders the Golden Gate Bridge abandoned, but when John learns that the electric circuit on the bridge remains on, races out to shut it off. The creature then catches sight of the bridge and immediately becomes enraged. The bridge is attacked by the creature, but Pete rescues John before one section collapses. The residents of the city panic and begin a mass exodus down the peninsula, as the Navy struggles to evacuate the Embarcadero and the Ferry Building, which is then battered by the octopus. When several more people are attacked, the Defense Department authorizes Pete to launch his submarine and the atomic warhead. John joins Pete while Lesley remains at the base. Flame throwers push the octopus back into the sea, but when Pete shoots the creature, it grabs the submarine. Using an aqualung, Pete swims out to the octopus and places explosive charges on it before being knocked out by the creature's flailing arms. John then swims out, shoots the octopus in the eye, forcing it to release the ship, and pulls Pete to safety. Back at the base, as the creature turns toward open sea, the torpedo is detonated, destroying the giant octopus. Later, while celebrating, Lesley agrees to continue seeing Pete after she and John finish their next research project.http://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stid=20074"] ['Following a violent storm, a small campsite in the Southern states is found littered with mutilated bodies. Journalist Clint Harrison investigates and learns of a family called the Dansens who kept a terrible secret. Resolving to get to the bottom of things, Harrison and his buddies decide to spend the night in the abandoned Dansen home with the result that there are more deaths, and Harrison finds out a terrible truth: he is related to the Dansens.'] ['{{copyedit}} After smuggling a strong box of the Cuban treasury and a group of exiled Cubans out of the now communist Cuba, a group of criminal and exiled Americans plot how to rid themselves of the Cubans guarding the money and come up with the plan to imitate a sea monster and blame the deaths on it. An American spy smuggles himself on board and acts as a narrator and all around good guy, ending up as the only original character to survive until the end. The sea monster turns out to be real and quite deadly. The movie concludes with the sea monster killing everyone and getting the money for itself, while Sparks Moran, the spy, ends up with the girl.'] ['A lonely tow-truck driver  gets caught in a deadly struggle between a pair of bank robbers with a beautiful hostage , local cops, and a monster that has come down from the Arizona mountains to eat human flesh.'] ['After inheriting a 12th century castle which belonged to a famed Duchess, John Reilly and his family travel to Italy to live. Unbenownst to them, the duchess\' son still lives in the dungeons of the castle. He breaks free, and tries to harm John and his family, killing others in the process. John must now save himself and his family from this castle\'s unknown inhabitant before the "castle freak" has his way with them.'] ['Sherry , a professional woman, happily discovers she is pregnant. While this is happy news for her and her doctor husband , both begin having strange memories from the night of conception. Uneasiness then becomes terror when both are convinced that she is carrying something alien inside her body. The couple contact a UFO/Paranormal college professor , who, through the use of hypnosis takes Sherry back to the night she conceived. They discover that she was abducted by aliens and artificially impregnated. The viewer is shown this sequence several times, with each time showing that Sherry blocked or distorted certain parts of the event in an attempt to accept and understand what was being done to her.'] ["Fishermen from the fishing village of Noyo catch what appears to be some kind of monster in the netting of their boat. The young son of one of the fishermen falls into the water and is dragged under the surface by something unseen. Another fisherman prepares a flare gun, but he slips and shoots it accidentally into the deck, which is soaked with gasoline dropped earlier by the boy, causing the vessel to burst into flame and then explode; everybody onboard is killed. The explosion is witnessed by Jim Hill  and his wife Carol. Later, Carol's dog goes missing and the two find its dismembered corpse on the nearby beach. The following night, teenagers Jerry Potter  and Peggy Larson  go for a swim at the beach. Jerry is abruptly pulled under. Peggy believes it is simply a prank until she discovers his horribly mutilated corpse. The screaming girl tries to make it to the beach but she is attacked and dragged onto the sand by a monstrous figure. The humanoid thing tears off her swimming suit and rapes her. At night, two more teens are on the same beach in a small tent. Billy  is about to have sex with his girlfriend when another humanoid monster claws its way inside, brutally kills him and chases the girl onto the beach. She manages to outrun her assailant but then runs straight into the arms of yet another humanoid, who throws her onto the sand and rapes her. More attacks follow, not all of them successful, but few witnesses are left to tell the public about what's happening; only Peggy is found alive, though severely traumatized. Jim's brother is also victimized, prompting Jim to take a personal interest in the matter. A company called Canco has announced plans to build a huge cannery near Noyo. It turns out that the murderous, sex-hungry mutations are apparently the result of Canco's experimentation with a growth hormone they had earlier administered to salmon. The salmon escaped from the laboratory facilities into the ocean during a storm, and were then eaten by other, larger fish who proceeded to mutate into the brutal and depraved humanoids who have begun to terrorize the village. By the time Jim and Dr. Susan Drake , a Canco scientist, have figured out what is going on, it is too late to stop the village's annual carnival from starting. At the carnival, the humanoids show up in droves, relentlessly murdering the men and raping every woman they can grab. Luckily, Jim devises a plan to stop the marauding beasts by spreading gasoline into the bay where the festival is taking place and setting it on fire, cutting off the beasts' way of retreat. Carol is beset by two of the creatures at home, but manages to kill them before Jim arrives. The morning after the carnival, everything seems about to return to normal. However, Peggy has survived her sexual assault and is about to give birth when her monstrous offspring suddenly bursts out of her stomach in a fountain of blood."] ["Amir, the benevolent ruler of Kalid, is dying, but there is hope in transplanting his brain into another body. Freshly deceased, he is flown to the United States where Dr. Trenton, having unwisely put off body acquisition until the last minute, transplants Amir's brain into the body of the disfigured simpleton assistant who failed in said chore. Dr. Trenton has a few nefarious plot twists of his own in mind, and then there's the thing with the dwarf and the woman chained in the basement. It's up to Amir's friend Bob and wife Tracey to try to salvage this tale."] ['{{Anchor}}  The movie begins with a scene showing a sleeping girl being menaced by a female vampire in her bedroom. The dream is abandoned when the sleeping girl wakes up screaming in the front seat of her father\'s forest green Jeep Cherokee. She then tells her father that she has had "the same dream again".  Jenny and her father, Travis, who is at the helm of said forest green Jeep Cherokee, are driving at a steady 5 miles per hour, to an undisclosed location. Suddenly there is an incident. Jenny yells out "DAD!" as the jeep proceeds to plow over a zombie dressed up like a roadside construction worker. The zombie\'s head goes flying skyward immediately following the impact, though its body still shows a head visibly attached. The audience is then treated to a techno rave ballad as the jeep fades from view, and the beginning credits roll.  A radio news reporter describes a recent and horrific epidemic of zombiedom that has swept the calm countryside of the once peaceful set of woods with one road and a gas station. The reports indicate that a symptom of said outbreak is "murder". They then pull up beside a stalled car with three occupants: an older woman and two younger women- one of whom is bound and gagged. Ignoring the bound and gagged girl, Travis gives the other girl a lift. This girl is possibly a vampire named Carmilla, or possibly not. This is followed by a very long sequence at a roadside gas-station in which a strange woman in gothic make-up (possibly a witch or [[Magician  hands them a necklace.  As the gas-station attendant  gets sucked into an orgy of violence at the hands of vampires/zombies, Travis, his daughter Jenny, and Carmilla drive off, only to break down further down the road. They are stranded for hours until a guy in a Land Rover drives up. As the driver is turning into a vampire, Travis kills him and uses some of his supplies to fix the jeep. He lets Jenny and Carmilla steal the Land Rover. As Travis drives ahead in the jeep, Carmilla and Jenny indulge in lesbian sex in the commandeered Land Rover. The destination is the original crypt Carmilla had been buried in. Flashbacks of a madhouse emerge, where Carmilla is revealed to be a nurse, and Jenny her insane patient. Later, they make their way to the crypt, where they encounter more zombies/vampires. After the true reality of the situation is revealed, they check into a motel. Bright-red stage blood flows in these gory and surreal scenes, which could be delusional or possibly flash-backs. There is also a vampire-hunter known as \'The General\' who may be pursuing them, or possibly, arranging a rendezvous, due to his daughter being kidnapped by a female colleague of Carmilla. The film ends with a spinning book and the words, The End.'] ['The film revolves around five young adults who are about to find themselves in a fight for their lives, pitted against evil itself. While on vacation in a foreign city, one of the five makes a seemingly innocent albeit ignorant mistake and soon all of them will realize the cost of such an inconsequential action.Bloody Disgusting Horror - "Live Feed " Movie Info'] ['The film reduced the tale to an \'Ecology Strikes Back\' scenario, common in science fiction movies at the time. The food mysteriously bubbles up from the ground on a remote island somewhere in British Columbia. The couple that discover it, Mr. and Mrs. Skinner  consider it a gift from God, and promptly begin feeding it to their chickens. Soon, rats, wasps, and worms consume the substance, and the island is crawling with giant vermin. One night, some of them kill Mr. Skinner. Morgan, a professional football player , and his buddies are camping on the island, and one of them is stung to death by giant wasps. After ferrying his friends back to the mainland, Morgan returns to investigate. Also thrown into the mix are Thomas and Rita, an expecting couple; Jack Bensington, the owner of a dog food company  hoping to market the substance; and his assistant Lorna , a "lady bacteriologist." Eventually, the survivors are trapped in the farmhouse with the rats swarming around outside, and Mrs. Skinner, Morgan\'s friend Brian, and Bensington are killed by the rats. Morgan eventually blows up a nearby dam, flooding the area and drowning the rats, whose size and weight renders them unable to swim. The food, however, survives. It is swept into a river and is consumed by cows, who give tainted milk, which is then drunk by schoolchildren.'] ["John  and Kathleen  Strauss are a couple attempting to uncover the secret to John's rare blood disease. Along the way, they encounter Dr. Marlowe , who is intrigued by the case. Little do they know that the island which they are about to set foot upon is home to the Van Dam family, mutant-like creatures who have become deformed and bloodthirsty from centuries of inbreeding. Their mutation began with their relative Eva Van Dam, who had an incestuous relationship with her twin brother. Also, they are fully functioning hermaphrodites, capable of reproducing with themselves. Conveniently, they need to survive on  human flesh. John eventually discovers that he is in fact a Van Dam, who was born normal looking, and was therefore allowed into normal society. His rare blood disease stems from the fact that he needs human flesh and sex with his siblings in order to function properly."] ['Writer Tom Harris arrives on a beautiful island in search of material on voodoo legends for his novel. He unfortunately stumbles onto the secret laboratory of a mad scientist who is experimenting on reversing the aging process.'] ["Police assistant Lance Boyle is a childish detective who is lumbered with worthless police cases. However, after several murders in a nearby wood that concern Killer Tomatoes, Lance finds himself working alongside Kennedy Johnson, a Tomatologist, to solve the murders. Nearby, Professor Gangreen  has begun using subliminal mind control on his talk show, disguised as talk show host Jeronahew. After kidnapping members of the Press and Media, Gangrene and his assistant Igor plot to use his brainwashed Press members, as well as the Subliminal Mind control, to overpower the human race and make the world a planet run by himself and his killer tomatoes. Following countless killer tomatoes attacks, Lance and Kennedy finally reach Gangrene's hideout, where they must pit themselves against killer tomatoes, brainwashed newsreaders and a giant Bacon, Lettuce and Human sandwich, of which Kennedy may be a part of. With help from FT,  Lance rescues Kennedy and Gangreen is defeated, left at the mercy of the hungry killer tomatoes."] ["Dr. Curt Taylor  meets an alien named Zontar from Venus. It claims to have come to Earth to solve all of the world's problems. But Zontar has a hidden agenda. He begins causing worldwide power outages, including cars. He can also control people's minds. Dr. Taylor realizes that Zontar wants to rule the world."] ["A mad scientist  descended from the original Dr. Frankenstein takes to murdering young women for experimentation in hopes of reviving his ancestor's creation, with help from his mute assistant . Things start to heat up when Dracula  arrives and promises to revive Frankenstein's monster in return for a serum which will grant him immortality."] ["In Ancient Egypt, there once reigned the malevolent Queen Aneh-Tet , who ruled Egypt with an iron fist, terrorising the populace and slaughtering her enemies. Upon her death, her body was cursed, and buried in a secret location. In the modern day, an archaeological team uncovers Aneh-Tet's sarcophagus, and accidentally unleashes her evil onto the world. Among the team of experts opposing Aneh-Tet is Molly , a young woman who finds herself pitted against Aneh-Tet's evil in the final battle against the forces of darkness."] ["While out for a jog in the community of Redston, a woman named Nancy is hacked to death with an axe by a figure wearing a fighter pilot helmet. Later, two couples consisting of Jon and Carrie, and Amy and Chris, head to Redston to camp out for the weekend, but en route they encounter a pair of hillbillies named Rich and Gene, who try to assault them. After the encounter with the backwoods duo  the quartet set up near some abandoned cabins, while the hillbillies murder two would-be pranksters named John and Ray. After wandering off alone to get her cigarettes, Carrie is killed by Gene and Joe, and her friends are captured while looking for her. Jon is knocked out in a fight with Joe, and disemboweled and eaten by the brothers, who force feed the other captives some of his innards. When Gene and Joe leave with Jon's body, Rich butchers Chris, and tries to rape Amy, but is stabbed with his own knife, and left for dead. Traversing the wilderness, Amy encounters Joe, and during the ensuing scuffle pulls off his helmet, revealing his horribly disfigured face. After Joe runs off, Gene and the recovered Rich recapture Amy, and cut out and eat her unborn child. An unknown amount of time later, the brothers are shown partaking in an unsuccessful hunt, and when Rich suggests they merely get fast food, Gene scolds him, reminding him that they promised their mother they would never eat those chemical-soaked foods. When Rich continues to complain, Gene and Joe become annoyed, and seemingly decide to eat him."] ['The film begins with Naomi Arkoff  being taken by her father Carver Arkoff ([[Steve Kramer  into the basement of their castle home in Rome, Italy, where there lies a rack. Carver ties Naomi to both ends of the rack and turns the wheel, hurting her. Carver claims that her punishment this time is for having a cell phone, which was against the father\'s wishes. After begging her father to let her go, Carver unties her, but warns her that the next time she has a cellphone in the house, her punishment is not going to be slow and painful. As she gets released, she runs off upstairs, strangely screaming: "I can run faster than you!" over and over again. The next afternoon, Carver comes downstairs into the dining room to be questioned by his wife Lisbeth  about what he did to Naomi the previous night. They then encourage Carver\'s half brother Peter , who is mentally retarded, to have lunch with them, where Carver tells Peter that the lamb that they\'re eating was Sophia, who Peter had grown an affection with. When Naomi comes downstairs and finds out what\'s up, she gives her toy animal of a horse to him, which appears to cheer him up. Later, Lisbeth takes a tray of food upstairs to her father, who throughout the entire film has his face not seen. Lisbeth then continues to read Edgar Allan Poe\'s "From Childhood\'s Hour" to him. Afterward, she alerts him that his guardian angels are in the room to protect him, which are shown to be small little creatures with big skull heads. Lisbeth then goes to check on Naomi and Naomi tells her that she wants to go away to college because she wants to be able to get out and meet people and do exciting things. Lisbeth, however, tells her the story of Naomi\'s grandmother, who ran away when Lisbeth was a baby to go see the circus and never came back. When Lisbeth then became a teenager, the circus came back into town and when she went to see it, she saw her mom in the circus act performing acrobatics on a wire. The moral is, that if Naomi leaves, she might never come back to see her father and mother just like her grandmother did. Lisbeth suddenly finds an iPod underneath Naomi\'s pillow. But after finding out how useful it can be, she allows Naomi to keep it unless she doesn\'t have her father see it. The next morning, Claudia , the Arkoffs\' maid, opens the two double doors that lead outside of the castle to be greeted by three people: Kimi , L.J.  and Jensen , who claim that they are Hollywood Producers looking for a place to shoot a couple scenes for a spy/war movie they\'re doing. Before shutting the door in their faces, Naomi quickly invites them in so she can finally meet new people, but the opportunity is ruined when Carver comes outside and insults the trio, forcing them to leave, not before Kimi hands Carver her card in case anyone changes their mind. Carver then tears up the card, and throws it down, telling Uncle Peter to escort the trio out. Meanwhile, Naomi gathers up the card. Later on that day, Naomi sneaks a cell phone away from one of the water delivery boys and calls the number on the card so they can come over for dinner that night. That night, after finally calming her father down about having guests over, everyone finally settles down for a lovely meal until they hear something. The family explains that it\'s the "protectors" A.K.A.: Grandpa\'s Guardian Angels. Lisbeth explains that the Romans used to bury the dead in underground catacombs, and it is believed that a couple of tombs are buried beneath the castle. Back when the Ostrogoths and the Vandals sacked Rome, they violated the catacombs searching for valuables, hence why the castle was constructed above the burial grounds. The so called "Protectors" in the castle are called Skull Heads, creatures born from witchcraft that were placed in the castle to protect the dead from any such type of violation for the past 200 years. it\'s also believed that they have the power to have control on the living and the dead. After the grand tour of the castle, the film crew leave and it\'s revealed that they\'re not really Hollywood filmmakers, but really art thieves, and after viewing the castle, they plan on robbing the place the next night. The next morning, Carver tells Naomi that the breakfast that she has just received is the only thing she\'s eating because she\'s going to be put back on the rack later on. As he heads downstairs, he finds Peter trying to stick his penis in Claudia\'s crack. He quickly beats Peter out of the room, but then forces Claudia to keep her pants down as he unzips his pants zipper. Later that night, Kimi, L.J. and Jensen sneak into the house and start stealing items. Meanwhile, Jensen finds Naomi tied up on the rack in the basement and just as they\'re about to escape, they run into Carver and Lisbeth. As they fight between the right decision for Naomi, Lisbeth explains why the family always sticks together and why they act strange : Naomi is not only Carver and Lisbeth\'s daughter, but she\'s their niece and Carver and Lisbeth are not really husband and wife, they\'re really brother and sister. The reason Naomi is a little bit retarded is because of being an inbred and confused about who she really is. Suddenly, Lisbeth gets shot in the back and Carver, at the same time, gets shot in the chest by Kimi, who then forces Jensen and Naomi back into the basement.Skull Heads Movie, New Releases Films Kimi tricks Naomi into tying Jensen to the rack, for betraying his partner. Kimi then presses an button, which causes the rack to run automatically instead of manually. Kimi then locks Naomi in a trap where she can\'t move and continues to find L.J., who had just been knocked out by Peter. L.J. and Kimi then continue to grab the rest of the stuff they wanted. Meanwhile, the Skull Heads find the bodies of Carver and Lisbeth and with their power, they bring them back alive as zombies and have them go after the thieves. Carver and Lisbeth corner L.J. and Kimi at the castle\'s doors and they start eating off their faces, spraying blood all over the walls.PLANET OF TERROR!!: Skull Heads Meanwhile, Peter comes into the basement, releases Naomi and quickly save Jensen\'s life. As Naomi and Jensen are about to escape, Naomi quickly runs back upstairs to get her grandfather and Jensen finds something shocking: Naomi\'s grandfather has been dead for quite a while. Those who were shown talking with the grandfather were really talking to themselves. Suddenly, his body rises up and surprises Jensen, revealing one of the Skull Heads controlling his body. Jensen runs back downstairs, grabs Kimi\'s gun, shoots at Carver and Lisbeth near the exit  and quickly runs outside, shutting the doors behind him. Just as he thinks it\'s all over, a screaming Naomi opens the doors, grabs Jensen and pulls him back in, slamming the doors behind her, leaving the fate of Jensen unknown.Boning Up on SKULL HEADS'] ["The grandson of Victor Frankenstein, Oliver , is hiding away as a laboratory assistant for the gentle Prof. Morton . While Dr. Morton pursues a pet project, Dr. Frankenstein secretly works his own experiments on his benefactor's niece, Trudy Morton . Although these experiments temporarily disfigure Trudy's face and cause her to wander aimlessly at night, they are only a build-up to Oliver's greater goal of recreating life. With the aid of one of his father's former assistants, Oliver constructs a female monster from the body parts of various murdered people and begins to deal a horrible fate upon any who dare stand in the way of his desires."] ['The film opens with two short sequences before the main story line begins, first a prologue, and then a mock television advertisement. In the prologue, a seemingly helpless young woman is pursued by Jason Voorhees, Leatherface, and Freddy Krueger; she is then chased into a cave where she reappearing after a few seconds later with an item from each of the three. She then faces the camera and laughs  and says, "Amateurs!" The advertisement sequence is for a "mortuary, crematory, cemetery" called "Death City" where a salesman tries selling viewers "new and used coffins, with the help of his assistant Lovely Rita." {{Col-begin}}{{Col-3}}{{Col-3}}{{Col-end}} Dexter Ward Steve Altman\'s actor listing on IMDB.com enters a \'Death City\' location, and is greeted by two morticians, one of which is noted science fiction anthologist Forrest J. Ackerman in a cameo appearance, who is holding a copy of Famous Monsters of Filmland.<ref name Palmer | first  Paul Blaisdell, Monster Maker: A Biography of the B Movie Makeup and Special Effects Artist. | publisher  246 | year  0-7864-4099-6}} but Dexter and Marissa  stops him, while Dexter is freed and destroys the book. The possessed Marissa blasts Byron with a lightning bolt, but as he burns to death he declares that he\'ll be back in the sequel. Marinas, who was suffering from a cataleptic seizure and was not dead, tells Marissa that she must stay in the castle to ensure that the monster never returns; Helsing, who is now a vampire, also stays. Dexter arranges for Marissa to make her latest music video in the castle, with the help of her vampire cousins and Helsing. The film ends with the local villagers, who throughout the movie have been trying to find the castle so they can destroy it, finally give up and go home.'] ["Someone has been killing women in LA and leaving the bodies drained of blood. The police planned a sting using a female officer, Detective Gwen, Taylor {Denise Alessandria Hurd} however the killer was instead intercepted and captured by a group calling itself The Delphi Project. The Delphi Project is a secret government group intent on capturing and studying a live vampire and as it turns out the killer that they are after is actually a thousand year old vampire going by the name Simon Molinar {Jason Carter}. During the attempted capture Dr. Hirsch {James Kiberd} gets killed by the vampire. A replacement doctor, Dr. Joe McKay {Garett Maggart} takes his place in the group. Out of the entire group Dr. Joe McKay is the first to treat the vampire like a person and not just as something to be studied. The group sets about a series of tests and experiments to study the vampire. As the experiments become crueler Dr. Joe McKay is left to wonder who is the true monster? The vampire or the very people he works for? Unbeknownst to Dr. Mckay is that one of his superiors, Dr. Bassett {Jack Donner} has found out that Dr. McKay is one of the rare few who has the genetic predisposition to being able to be turned into a vampire. Dr. Bassett  even provides Simon Molinar with a live victim. Dr. Bassett, himself, discarded the body. When the body is found this gains the attention of the local police. The group decides to destroy Simon Molinar once their experiments are finished but Dr. Bassett thinks it might be best to create a new vampire, one that has never killed before, to replace the vampire they intend to destroy. Bassett locked Dr. McKay in a room with the vampire but Simon escaped instead of turning Dr. McKay into a vampire. During his escape Simon ripped the caduceus necklace from Dr. McKay's neck. It's a necklace that Dr. McKay never takes off and wore as a sign of healing and his Hippocratic oath. Simon Molinar stole this as a memento because of his growing fondness for Dr. McKay despite having been his prisoner."] ["Jonathan and his beautiful sister, Lynn, have moved to a new town to start a new life after Jonathan killed his sister's boyfriend accidentally in a prank gone wrong. They are heading to a Halloween party but there's a catch: the man Jonathan killed is back in a new, horrific form."] ['Satan saves Joseph Langdon/Philip Rogers  from death on condition he become his disciple. As it turns out, he becomes a hairy murderous beast—a werewolf on the rampage carrying out the evil deeds of the devil.'] ['A giant, named Vargas , who was part of an expedition of Spanish Conquistadors, who vanished in the mountains of California in the 16th century is revived by a lightning bolt from a state of suspended animation. He kills a police officer by breaking every bone in his body, then proceeds to terrorize the town.'] ["Tromaville's nuclear reactor has been rebuilt and the Nukamama Corporation that funded it has incorporated a new college, the Tromaville Institute of Technology , inside the design, as an effort to atone for the events of the first film. Located inside the nuclear plant, is where Professor Holt who has perfected a race of 'Sub-humanoids'; Living beings without emotions, who have been created and programmed to perform menial tasks. When school reporter Roger Smith meets a beautiful subhumanoid named Victoria, they fall in love. However, the creatures have a tendency to go into spontaneous meltdown. Roger is now determined to save Victoria from this messy fate, but first he'll have to face the giant mutant squirrel, Tromie, who attacks Tromaville tech in the climax. A third film, Class of Nuke 'Em High 3: The Good, the Bad and the Subhumanoid, was released in 1994."] ['A guide and a tourist are birdwatching in the shades of Camp Blackwood and begin to have sex. Suddenly, a man in a clown mask appears and brutally murders them. The story then focuses on four campers, who are planning a trip to Camp Blackwood. On the way, they meet the madcap Bromley Thatcher. After a brief exchange that includes a warning from Thatcher - "I\'m not talking about a ghost here boy, I\'m talking about a man, a REAL man, and he\'s in those woods!" - the group head into Camp Blackwood, now known to the audience as \'Camp Blood\'. In the woods, they meet their guide, a butch lesbian known as \'Harris\'. After spending the day doing menial tasks such as collecting firewood and setting up camp, the group settle down into their respective tents to enjoy a session of late-night love making. The group awake in the morning to find the burnt out carcass of Harris on the campfire . The majority of the plot then revolves around the clown chasing the various characters through the woods and brutally murdering all of them but Tricia, who manages to run away from the clown. In attempting to escape the murderous clown, Tricia runs to her deceased boyfriend\'s automobile. At this point, she meets Thatcher, who attempts to aid the clown by hindering Tricia\'s escape. In the ensuing melee, Tricia hacks Thatcher to death with the clown\'s machete, and enters the car and runs over the clown, who is revealed to be Harris. Just as Tricia is driving away safely, the clown appears in the back seat and strangles Tricia into unconsciousness. When Tricia regains consciousness, she is in a mental asylum. After giving Tricia an injection, the \'doctors\' depart from the room. It is at this point that Tricia hallucinates the clown entering the room.'] ["Plagued by a ten year-old legendary story of the mysterious murder of Devon Anderson, this community still harbors curiosity when the current victims and the evidence surrounding their murders appears to be very similar to what happened to Devon and the parents accused of murdering him. Did Devon Anderson die? That is the question. How did Devon's lovestruck, deranged, abusive parents get off for his murder when all the evidence pointed to them? And who killed them in turn? This legendary event causes strife in the tiny city, but also leaves a trail of questions and enough obscurity to keep a community still scared, obsessed by the tragic event and concerned that it is happening again. With more people dying and all the similarities mounting, the legend of Devon's ghost has surfaced and sent an already suspicious community into a tailspin. Convinced that Devon Anderson is alive and the murderer, Josh and Symphony, along with their friends, stay one step ahead of the authorities and try to find Devon, to stop him from killing again. Not really knowing what is setting the guy off, they narrow down that every couple was attacked while being affectionate. They have to do something quick, before they too become victims. With the police and the media just assuming it's a copycat crime, they must face Devon alone and re-open old emotional wounds, and hunt down their once-classmate. But Devon is much too smart and too strong, and running is not an option. The only way to get Devon is to fight back together."] ["The film opens in 19th century Mexico, where El Charro  acts as a wealthy, but diabolical land baron who falls madly in love with a sweet, innocent ancestor of the protagonist Maria. She scorns him, which prompts El Charro to kill everyone she cares about. However, Maria's ancestor still refuses El Charro, who decides to put a curse on Maria's family line. Many years after, we are brought to the present day 21st century, where we are introduced to Maria  and her friend Chris , who are roommates in college. It is a Friday or so, and Maria, who we learn is suffering from repeating nightmares of her sister's suicide, is coerced to go with Chris, and her friends, Tanya  and Rosemary  to Chris' uncle's Arizona cottage for the weekend. However upon reaching Arizona, the group is persistently attacked by El Charro in the form of revant spirit with a machete. Eventually, El Charro kills every one of the girls except for Maria, who races toward a shrine of the archangel Michael . Using his heavenly abilities, Michael kills El Charro, and the curse is thus destroyed as well."] ['On a desolate planet, a team of 12 Xeno project scientists are conducting an archaeological excavation of the ruins of an ancient civilisation. Shortly after an underground tomb network is found to contain crystals and wall inscriptions, photographer Dean White  is engulfed in a rock blast and left incapacitated. Deciphering the alien language in the caves, xenolinguist Mitch ([[Trevor Thomas  theorises that the civilisation was built on the concept of dualism: the planet orbits a binary star, and a pair of twins seems to have ruled the race that once inhabited it. Medical assistant Sharon  finds that an energy field surrounds the crystals, leading her to believe that a "chemical intelligence" ordered life on the planet. A deranged Ricky Williams  is impelled to re-enter the caves when a sample of crystals starts to pulsate and the chemical intelligence exerts its influence through a mark on his arm. Thrown into a grille in a compromised environmental suit, a panicked Gail  commits suicide, removing her helmet and freezing to death in the toxic atmosphere while trying to amputate her trapped foot with a chainsaw. Documentation officer Kate Frost  shoots Ricky with a harpoon gun before he opens both the inner and outer airlock doors and renders the air inside the base unbreathable. Following the burial of Ricky and Gail, Mitch and Sandy  return to the caves to collect more crystals. A monstrous creature appears and dismembers Mitch before proceeding to rape Sandy. Found distraught, Sandy receives treatment from Sharon and chief medical officer Karl , who discovers that the assault has initiated an accelerated pregnancy despite the regular intravenous injections of contraceptives given to the women in the team. When further explosions within the catacombs scupper chances of deeper investigation, the surviving members of the team are left with nothing to do except await the arrival of a Xeno rescue shuttle. The intelligence assumes control of Sandy, who has been marked in the same way as Ricky. Mentally unbalanced, Sandy demonstrates superhuman strength while stabbing Barbra  to death with scissors. She then mutilates Dean and the remains of Mitch, drinking their blood. The rest of the team seek refuge in the Operations Room as Sandy destroys important hardware—including the base transmitter—with explosives. When the imbalance in Sandy\'s mind appears to correct itself, Karl, Sharon and Commander Holly McKay  attempt sedation to spare her unborn offspring. Sandy\'s madness returns and Holly and Karl are killed in an accident with heat-sealing apparatus, whereupon Sandy disembowels the corpses.  Senior officer Mark  radios Sandy, his lover, from the Operations Room to stall for time as Kate and operations chief Gary  leave to commandeer chainsaws. The ruse is uncovered and Sandy harpoons Gary outside the airlock, breathing the atmosphere to no ill effect as she mauls his flesh. Preparing for a final confrontation, Mark stumbles across Sandy\'s newborn mutant twins. He entrusts them to Sharon as their mother blasts through the Operations Room door and destroys all the equipment inside, although it is evident that she has lost her unnatural strength. Crippled from the blast of an explosive charge, Kate is gored to death. In a last stand, Mark strangles and kills Sandy with a ripped-out cable. He returns to Sharon to find one of the twins biting at her gashed neck, before its sibling launches itself at him. Twenty-eight days later, Xeno Auxiliary Module 047 lands on the planet to investigate the loss of contact with the team. With the base in ruins, the mission records destroyed and the complement of scientists either murdered or missing, combat marksmen Corin  and Roy  abandon the search for survivors and pilot Jeff  contacts Xeno control to request clearance to return. The final shots reveal that Sandy\'s children have stowed themselves away inside a storage compartment on board the shuttle.'] ["Rancher Cole Hillman  seeks the help of college president Elgin Clark  to combat thousands of rabbits that have invaded the area after their natural predators, coyotes were killed off. Elgin asks for the assistance of researchers Roy  and Gerry Bennett  because they respect Cole's wish to avoid using cyanide to poison the rabbits. Roy proposes using hormones to disrupt the rabbits' breeding cycle, and takes some rabbits for experimentation. One rabbit is injected with a new serum believed to cause birth defects. However, the Bennett's daughter Amanda  loves the injected rabbit, so she switches it with one from the control group. Amanda is then given the injected rabbit as a pet, but it soon escapes. While inspecting the rabbits' old burrowing areas, Cole and the Bennets find a large, unusual animal track. Meanwhile, Cole's son Jackie  and Amanda go to a gold mine to visit Jackie's friend Billy, but find him missing. Jackie finds more of the animal tracks in Billy's shed, while Amanda goes into the mine and runs into an enormous rabbit with blood on its face. Screaming in terror, she runs from the mine. Mutilated bodies begin to crop up around town, including Billy, a truck driver, and a family of four. Elgin, the Bennets, Cole, and Cole's two ranch hands, Frank ([[Henry Wills  and Jud , go to the mine to try to kill the rabbits with explosives. As Elgin and Cole set charges on top of the mine, Roy and Frank enter the shaft to get pictorial evidence. Outside, a rabbit surfaces and attacks Jud before Gerry can shoot it. Roy and Frank escape the rabbits in the mine and run outside as the explosives are detonated. The explosives fail to kill the rabbits, and that night they attack Cole's ranch, killing Jud while Cole, Frank, Jackie, and Cole's housekeeper escape into the storm shelter. The rabbits make their way to the small town of Galanos, killing everyone they find before taking refuge in the buildings for the day. In the morning, Gerry and Amanda leave to avoid the coming press, but get stuck along a sandy stretch of road. Roy and Elgin update Sheriff Cody  on the situation, and after realizing the rabbits have escaped the mine, call in the national guard. As night falls, the rabbits leave Galanos to continue making their way to the main town, Ajo, killing everything in sight. Cole proposes using a half-mile wide stretch of electrified railroad track as a fence to contain and kill the rabbits. They recruit a large group of people at a drive in theater to help herd the rabbits with their car lights, with assistance from the machine gun fire of the national guard. Thousands of rabbits make their way into the trap, where they are shot and electrocuted. At the end of the film, Cole tells Roy that normal rabbits, as well as coyotes, have returned to the ranch."] ['After a series of murders in San Francisco that all take place inside closets, a reporter and his scientist friend decide to uncover the mystery and save California."VideoHound\'s Golden Movie Retriever 2003", page 514. Gale Group, Inc., 2004 The film contains many comical and subtle references to homosexuality. The title referencing the state of being a closeted gay, the creature\'s sudden smitteness and affection for the handsome leading man even though there is no other indication that the creature is female, and the film ends with it collapsing & dying while marching on San Francisco!'] ['Dr. Bill Cortner  is a successful scientist with a beautiful fiancée named Jan Compton . After a horrible car accident decapitates Jan, Dr. Cortner collects her severed head and rushes it to his laboratory, where he revives it and manages to keep it alive in a liquid-filled tray. Cortner now decides to commit murder to obtain an attractive new body to attach to his fiancée\'s head. As he hunts for a suitable specimen, Jan begins to hatch some murderous plans of her own. Filled with hatred for Cortner because he won\'t let her die, she communicates telepathically with a hideous mutant in the laboratory cell, telling it to kill the scientist. The mutant monster begins by killing the doctor\'s assistant; after feeding the monster and doing some general cleanup around the laboratory, he unwittingly stands before the hatch in the door of the monster\'s cell/closet , whereupon the monster thrusts his giant arm through and tears the assistant to pieces. After searching for some suitable subjects, Cortner brings one to his residence and, drugging her drink so that she loses consciousness, carries her down to the lab. Jan protests when Cortner explains his plan to transplant her head onto this new body, and he summarily tapes her mouth shut. Once again, the scientist stands in front of the door to the monster\'s cell, with the hatch, once again, open. This time, the monster grabs the scientist through the door and, securing him in a headlock, applies such force that the door is torn from its hinges. We finally see the monster, which other than its bloodstained clothes and its seven-foot height has a horribly deformed head . At the end, the laboratory is seen to be ablaze; Cortner lies dead on the floor and the monster has carried the girl away to safety. As the lab goes up in flames, Jan says "I told you to let me die." The film goes to black while Jan cackles maniacally.'] ['Dr. Roger Girard  is a rich scientist experimenting with head transplantation. His caretaker has a son, Danny , who is an extremely strong full-grown man, but he has the mind of a child. In an unusual turn of events, Manuel Cass , a maniacal killer, has murdered Dr. Griard\'s caretaker and is badly injured himself. Dr. Girard decides to transplant the murderer\'s head onto Danny\'s body. The new creature, with one head of a murderer and the other with the mental capacity of an eight-year old attached to an extremely powerful body, begins wreaking havoc."The Incredible 2-Headed Transplant " at Hollywood Upclose Retrieved December 10, 2009'] ['The film follows a group of young adults who come together to play a Dungeons & Dragons-inspired role playing game, while working at a costume rental store. One of the players is a young man named Adam  who is the descendent of a long line of men who are all cursed by the devil. While working at the community college theater performance a strange magician appears and puts a curse on Adam, forcing him to remember the fate of his ancestors and to make him believe that he really is a warlock. Increasingly Adam is unable to determine the difference between fantasy and reality and believes that, as a warlock, he is on a quest to kill various people. As the bodies pile up, the local police are baffled and no one suspects that Adam is a deranged serial killer being commanded to kill by the devil. After playing the role playing game, Adam attends a costume party hosted by a man named Dr. Evil, who wants Adam to join his cult and also kill most of the female and male party guests. When the cops do figure out that Adam is the killer, they take him out in a factory, although his body disappears. At the end of the film, the surviving Dungeons & Dragons players are playing a game when they learn that their dungeon master was Dr. Evil and the devil.'] ['The film is about people who are curious as to why people have been appearing shredded on a local prestigious country club. Investigation proves that the culprit is a possessed lawn mower who is about to wreak havoc.'] ['After performing at a local club, trans women Rachel Slurr and Emma Grashun plan to party with Nacho and Chuey. When the guys tell them that they have a third friend, the girls convince their reluctant friend Bubbles Cliquot to join them. The girls drive to a warehouse where they are joined by Nacho and Chuey, along with their partner Boner. Bubbles tells her friends that Boner had recently drugged and raped her during a hook-up when he discovered she was transgender. Vowing to "finish the job", Boner, Nacho and Chuey attack the girls. Emma and Rachel are severely wounded but Bubbles is able to call her "mother" Pinky La\'Trimm and Tipper Sommore and escape. Pinky and Tipper find Bubbles outside the warehouse and head inside to rescue Rachel and Emma. Instead, they are overpowered by the men and Boner attacks Bubbles again outside. Some time later, Bubbles awakens from a coma. She learns from Pinky and Rachel that Emma and Tipper are dead. After Bubbles is discharged from the hospital, her friend Fergus trains the three surviving women in martial arts. Back at Bubbles\' apartment, Boner, Nacho and Chuey break in and overpower her again, tying her to a chair. Boner offers Bubbles a choice of ways to die but he momentarily turns his back on her. When he turns back Nacho and Chuey are unconscious and Bubbles, freed, knocks him out. A flashback reveals that Bubbles, Pinky, and Rachel set a trap for the men. Boner regains consciousness to learn that the women have placed switchblade knives in the rectal cavities of Nacho and Chuey and a gun in his own rectum, weapons that will be triggered if any of them make any sudden moves. In a series of convoluted action sequences, Nacho and Chuey each recovers his knife and battles one of the women. Rachel kills Chuey and Pinky battles Nacho until Boner recovers his gun and holds it on Bubbles. Bubbles wrestles him for the weapon and, as Pinky finishes off Nacho, Bubbles shoots Boner in the chest. Pinky and Rachel each impale Boner with their thrown knives and Bubbles wrenches a large knife out of Nacho\'s skull and splits Boner\'s head with it, finally killing him.'] ['Young Richard Lindsay  has given up his career in science in favor of his newfound passion, surfing on the Santa Monica beachfront near his father and stepmother\'s house, where he lives. This is to the great displeasure of his father, the noted oceanographer Dr. Otto Lindsay , who is married to the younger Vicky , who is dissatisfied with Otto\'s relative lack of devotion to her. Also living with the Lindsays is Richard\'s sculptor buddy Mark , who walks with a limp as a result of an auto accident Richard had earlier. While Vicky hits on her stepson and teases his friend Mark, a loathsome seaweed shrouded monster starts slaughtering the kids on the beach. Dr. Lindsay seems convinced that it is a mutated carnivorous South American "fantigua fish" that has grown large enough to exist out of the ocean.'] ['Mad Doctor Monroe Lazaroff seeks to create a biological "terror weapon" in a secluded beach house. His first creation is an amphibious Creature, created by mixing human, fish and reptile DNA. This Creature turns against its creators and escapes into the nearby ocean and soon is terrorizing those who venture onto its beach territory in Blood Cove. Meanwhile, Dr. Lazaroff and his assistants seek out and retrieve the body of the legendary Frankenstein Monster, with the intention of reviving and conditioning the Monster to obey instructions. Among those attacked by the Creature are magazine photographer Bill Grant and his assistants Dezzirae and Percy, who are pursued by the Creature and forced to seek shelter in the home of the mad Dr. Lazaroff. They are taken captive by the Doctor and his minions and must seek to escape or survive the battle of horrors around them. Once under his control, Lazaroff sends the Frankenstein Monster out to recapture or destroy his original creation, setting the stage for a battle royale on the beach and in the sea.'] ['Three children of the Merrye family live in a decaying rural mansion with their guardian and chauffeur, Bruno . The children suffer from "Merrye Syndrome", a genetic affliction unique to members of their family, which causes them to mentally, socially, and physically regress down the evolutionary ladder, starting in late childhood. Two distant relatives arrive with their lawyer and his secretary in order to examine and claim the property as rightful heirs. Bruno\'s shaky control over the children deteriorates; murder, chaos, and insanity ensue. http://www.rickmcgrath.com/jack_hill_movies/spider_baby.html/ The siblings, Ralph , Virginia , and Elizabeth , are inbred, demented and dangerous. These overgrown children exhibit playful innocence mixed with brutality and feral madness. Virginia is known as "Spider Baby" because of her obsession with spiders. She stalks and eats bugs, moving with a strange and spider-like grace. She also enjoys trapping unsuspecting victims in her rope "web," "stinging" them to death using two butcher knives. After murdering an innocent delivery man , Virginia cuts off one of his ears, which she keeps in a match box. Spider Baby\'s brother, Ralph, is a sexually advanced but mentally deficient simpleton who moves through the house via the dumb-waiter. Unable to speak, Ralph communicates with only grunts and leers. He becomes sexually aroused with the arrival of the two visiting women. Several mysterious aunts and uncles who have regressed even further than the Merrye siblings live in the cellar. The skeleton of the family\'s dead father is kept in a bedroom and is kissed goodnight by Virginia. Bruno, the children\'s sworn and loving protector, has been able to maintain control and keep the family secrets hidden. But when the snooping, greedy Emily  and her brother Peter  arrive to take possession of the property, the bizarre behavior of the Merrye clan is revealed. Peter, Emily, their lawyer, Schlocker , and his assistant, Ann Morris , insist on staying at the house. Dinner is served after Ralph happily kills a cat for the main course. The revolting meal includes insects, mushrooms, and a garden salad made of weeds. Bruno leaves on an errand. Despite warning the children to "behave", events spiral downhill as the Merrye kids run merrily amok. Virginia and Elizabeth murder Schlocker and dump his body into the basement, where the demented beastly relatives apparently eat him. The basement dwellers are unleashed. Meanwhile, Emily models some black nightclothes as Ralph is peeking in. After being chased and then raped by Ralph, Emily becomes sexually aggressive and murderous. Bruno returns and realizes that he has lost control of the children and of their secret unsavory lives. He lights a bundle of dynamite, blowing himself, the house, and the children to bits. This seems to kill all carriers of "Merrye Syndrome." A smug, surviving cousin Peter is recounting the story as the movie comes to a close. However, the camera cuts to Peter\'s young daughter who eerily resembles Virginia. We see her admiring a spider in its web. Has the curse been eradicated? Or does it remain to afflict further generations?'] ["Eric Binford is a hollow, chain smoking young man who is also an obsessed film addict whose love of old films extends far beyond his job at a Los Angeles film distributor's warehouse and endless late night film screenings in his bedroom. For his vast knowledge, he's been bullied by his friends and family. His singular obsession eventually rounds the bend into psychosis after he crosses paths with Marilyn O'Connor , an Australian model and a Marilyn Monroe look-alike who becomes the physical embodiment of his cinematic desires. When  stood up by Marilyn on what would have been their first date, Eric becomes homicidally unbalanced, transforming himself into a gallery of classic film characters - including Dracula, The Mummy, Hopalong Cassidy, and Norman Bates - and sets out to destroy his oppressors, starting with his crotchety wheelchair-using, ex-dancer Aunt Stella whom he pushes her wheelchair down a staircase to her death, reenacting a scene from the 1947 film Kiss of Death and makes it look like an accident. Eric attends her funeral dressed as Tommy Udo - Richard Widmark's role from the aforementioned film. Eric then dresses up as Count Dracula to attend a midnight screening of Night of the Living Dead at a local cinema, and afterwords targets a hooker who had earlier snubbed him. She trips, falling to her death, and Eric drinks her blood. A few more nights later, Eric dresses up as the cowboy Hopalong Cassidy where he shoots and kills a boorish co-worker , who taunted him on a regular basis. Another few nights later, Eric dresses up as the Mummy where he drives his mean and vindictive boss, Mr. Berger , into suffering a fatal heart attack while he is working late night at the distribution warehouse. Finally, Eric dresses up as gangster Cody Jarrett (from [[White Heat  and kills a sleazy filmmaker, named Gary Bially, who stole his idea as his own for an upcoming feature film at a barber shop in broad daylight which finally gives away his identity. Eric then eventually works his way toward Marilyn hoping to lure her to his side. Investigating the murders is a criminal psychologist, named Dr. Jerry Moriarty , who tries to find a pattern to the murders and find Eric, to help or stop him, with the assistance of a friendly policewoman. But Moriarty's investigation is hampered by his own mean-spirited and nasty boss Captain Gallagher, who tries to stop Moriarty's investigation because Gallagher wants to take all the credit of finding the killer for himself. It all leads to Eric luring Marilyn to a photography studio where he drugs her to reenact a scene from The Prince and the Showgirl which is interrupted when Dr. Moriarty arrives and Eric is forced to run with Marilyn at his side. It leads to the Grauman's Chinese Theatre where the insane Eric is shot dead by the police on the roof of the building while reenacting Cody Jarrett's death scene in White Heat."] ["While driving through Mississippi on their honeymoon, Caroline and Eli MacCleary  are stranded on a deserted road when their car is stuck in the mud. Eli is forced to walk several miles down the road to a service station they stopped at earlier to get a tow. While he is gone, Caroline is attacked and raped by a mysterious creature. Seventeen years later, their son Michael  has become gravely ill, and the doctors have no idea what is causing the sickness, only that a pituitary gland has gone out of control. Theorizing that the sickness might be genetic, Eli and Caroline finally confront the past and return to the small town where she was attacked to hopefully discover some information about the man who assaulted her. The local townspeople are reluctant to help, with both the newspaper editor and the town judge brushing aside their questions. But then Eli and Caroline hear a story about a local man who was murdered 17 years earlier, his body partially eaten and his house almost burned down. Meanwhile Michael has escaped from the hospital and returned to the same town, unbeknownst to his parents. His personality undergoes a frightening transformation, and he quickly begins to attack and kill specific people in the community, including the paper editor and the local mortician, both of whom were related to each other. After several more revelations, including the discovery of a swamp filled with bodies whose bones show signs of having been gnawed on, Caroline and Eli finally discover the terrible truth about the creature that attacked her those many years ago. And what's worse, it appears that the creature is about to be reborn through Michael, and its murderous actions are the direct consequence of a carefully concealed secret."] ['On a snowy December night, a state execution transfer vehicle crosses into the quiet backwater town of Snowmonton. Inside the truck is serial killer Jack Frost , who eluded police for five years and left a trail of thirty-eight bodies across five states before finally being arrested, by the sheriff of the same town the truck had just entered. Frost is scheduled to be executed at midnight that night. However, due to the snowy weather, a tanker containing genetic material that is driving the other direction collides with the prison truck, freeing Jack. As he tries to make his escape, the burning truck breaks the compression tester on the tanker, and the acid contained within the tanker breaks free, melting Jack\'s skin and skeleton. Shortly after his death, Jack\'s remains are fused with the snow. Sheriff Sam Tiler  is still haunted by his memories of Jack Frost. Despite news reports of Jack\'s demise, Sam cannot forget Jack\'s threats of vengeance against the sheriff, his family, and the whole town. The sheriff\'s fears soon prove to be founded when Old Man Harper is found murdered, his head forced back as if by a giant mitten. Soon afterwards, a local bully named Billy  and his ski patrol gang is also killed by getting his head decapitated by a sled after he "fell" into its path. According to the sheriff\'s son, Ryan, the snowman pushed the boy in the way. Billy\'s parents are murdered, Jake  having an axe shoved down his throat and Sally  being strung up like a Christmas tree. Paul Davrow, the sheriff\'s friend, witnesses the murders, but no one believes him. Sheriff Tiler has his deputies lock him up in a jail cell. Hearing of the murders, Agents Manners  and Stone  arrive in Snowmonton, claiming to be from the FBI. At the behest of the agents, Sheriff Tiler puts the town on 24 hour curfew and sends his officers out to gather all the townspeople. However, one of the officers  is killed when Jack Frost melts down and refreezes within his police cruiser, running the officer over. Two teens  are also killed when they sneak into the sheriff\'s house for a night of intimacy and as vengeance for the death of her brother. Jack Frost returns with the police cruiser to the station, finally confronting Sam. Agent Stone reveals himself to be a representative of the genetic research company that created the acid and reveals that the snowman is a mutated Jack Frost. He also reveals that the human soul exists as a chemical and that the acid was going to be used to contain DNA in case of a nuclear holocaust. They attempt to destroy Jack by blowing him up by releasing aerosol cans in the police station and firing a bullet at him, but to no avail. They then use blowdryers to drive Jack into a furnace, which evaporates the snowman. Unfortunately, Jack condenses, killing Agent Stone. Jack Frost traps Sheriff Tiler and his son, Ryan  within his car, but the sheriff escapes by inadvertently throwing the oatmeal his son made him at Jack, burning the snowman\'s head. His son, not wanting his father to be cold, put antifreeze in the oatmeal, believing it could help keep the oatmeal from getting cold. Sheriff Tiler tells his friend, Paul Davrow  to fill the bed of his truck with antifreeze. In the movie\'s conclusion, Jack chases Sam through the halls of a church and finally catches him, driving an icicle into his chest and almost killing him. The truck full of antifreeze arrives just in time, however, and Jack and Sam crash through a window and into the truck\'s bed. Jack Frost melts in the antifreeze, and the antifreeze is buried deep under the ground of Snowmonton. Tiler\'s wife Anne , realizes that the state police are on their way. When Paul asks Tiler what they are going to tell them, Tiler says, "we\'ll tell them that it\'s too late". But one of the containers is shown to be bubbling, suggesting that Jack is contained as a liquid, and is still alive.'] ['{{plot}} The movie begins with Travis Dee killing many bloodied people infected with an unknown virus trying to eat him. He is able to kill all of the infected, but when the last one is exterminated, its blood splashes on Travis\' face, infecting him. The police arrive and arrest him after he attempts to commit suicide . Travis tries to convince the press and police that they were infected with an experimental bio-toxin, and now he is sick from it. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  don\'t know if he is right or wrong, so he is sentenced to Haywood Maximum Security Prison. A CDC worker, Samantha Beckett, is sent to the prison to give more information on Travis. Travis and the new inmates arrive at the facility and are put in a line where they are evaluated by corrections officer, Lieutenant Sweeney, telling them that he is "top of the food chain" in the prison. After noticing Travis coughing heavily and pale, he is sent to the infirmary. Another new arrival, Johnny, is sent to Warden Mahler\'s office. Mahler tells him not to do anything stupid or make guards angry. At the infirmary, Travis tells Dr. Goring that the virus spreads through bites and bodily fluids, and vomits blood on the doctor. Starting to believe the truth, Goring tells an officer to place him in solitary confinement for quarantine. On the way, Travis vomits blood on several inmates. While Samantha and Mahler talk, a guard lets Travis out of the cell because he is vomiting more blood. While out, Travis attacks the two guards and Sweeney. Travis manages to bite one guard and Sweeney blows his head off, splattering diseased blood on himself. Sweeney takes the wounded guard to the infirmary while Johnny is questioned there by Samantha about Travis. His story is the same that Travis had been telling others. The bitten guard dies and Mahler, Sweeney, Dr. Goring, Samantha and Johnny try to determine if the virus is real. Samantha examines Travis’ body and sees that the blood indicates he died at least hours ago, though Sweeney shot him just minutes ago. The dead guard jumps from the slab at the same time as the prison reverend comes in. He and Goring are bitten by the guard before Sweeney shoots him in the head. From the bite and blood splash, Goring reanimates and Sweeney kills him. The group then concludes that the infection is real and must be contained. Jenkins arrives in the room with Mahler’s son, Keith, who has come to visit him. While Samantha tries to call headquarters, the inmates that Travis puked on start to infect others and turn into zombies at the cafeteria. To contain a “riot,” the living guards flee the cafeteria while some stay in the locked room to control the sick that immediately reanimate into zombies. However, the infected guards who escaped start to turn as well and infect the staff and inmates. As the riot warning alarm sounds, Samantha calls the CDC for assistance and confirms the virus. They tell Mahler that the prison has been quarantined for 18 hours or until Samantha can conclude that the infection has been contained. Sweeney, Jenkins and Mahler devise a plan to move through the building and gather all the uninfected staff to barricade themselves in the staffroom on the other end of the facility while the guards venture out to kill all infected. He also plans to leave all the uninfected inmates to die, much to Johnny’s dismay. Johnny is sent back to the cell but on the way he knocks out a guard and takes his gun to run for the outside. Sweeney, Jenkins, Mahler and Keith head to the officers’ office where Sweeney calls for the National Guard to secure the prison and blockade the entire facility. He stays with his decision to leave the inmates for dead but does tell all of them to stay in their cells. Samantha is persuaded by the reverend to leave the infirmary and run for the outer walls. When she leaves, the Reverend shoots himself, knowing he will turn into a zombie if he doesn’t. Sweeney, Mahler, Keith, Jenkins and many other guards make it to the cell blocks to see that all the inmate and staff left have been infected and zombified. As everyone prepares for the zombies to break out of the cells, Sweeney tells Jenkins that when he turns to shoot him. Mahler, realizing Sweeney if infected, leaves the group to protect his son. The zombies on that side start to follow the two as they slip in zombie blood, trying to reach Mahler’s office. The zombies break out of the cell blocks and run for the guards. They open fire, killing many of them left and right. Seeing that many more are coming, they split up and run inside cells and lock the gates, separating them and keeping firing distance. Samantha meets up with Johnny and they decide to escape together. Mahler and Keith make a stand in his office. But the son has been infected and kills the father. After most guards are killed in cells, Jenkins and another guard escape the cell while Sweeney and another stay to fight. Sweeney sees the zombified Mahler and shoots him while stating, “This is for not giving me a raise my last evaluation!” After going completely crazy from the disease, Sweeney shoots everywhere, accidentally hitting his partner guard. Sweeney leaves through a backdoor and lies down there while the zombies break through and kill the shot guard. Samantha and Johnny move on. He is bitten and stays behind to give her a chance to leave. She flees and kills Sweeney, now a zombie. In the yard, Jenkins is bitten and she puts him out of his misery. A sniper mistakes Samantha for a zombie and kills her.'] ['The Horror Channel summarizes the plot as "In the darkest depths of secluded woodlands, a young group of friends head out for fun and frolics. Instead, they find themselves embroiled in a deadly game of cat and mouse".{{cite web}}'] ["A live webcast from a reputedly haunted house turns into a supernatural bloodbath when the ghost of a murderous mountaineer returns to finish what he started when he slaughtered his entire family twenty years prior. It's been two decades since famed mountaineer and ice climber Sean McIntire turned the tools of his trade on his unsuspecting family, but grim legends die hard in small towns and the locals still shudder at the mere mention of his name. Now, an unscrupulous young entrepreneur named Richard is seeking to cash in on this gruesome legend by staging a special Halloween webcast live from McIntire House. Three young couples will attempt to spend a night in the long-abandoned property, but only one will walk away with $5000 in prize money. When the ratings prove less than stellar, Richard attempts to spice things up by throwing a randy porn star into the mix. Later, after a group séance in which the participants revive the spirit of Sean McIntire, they split up into groups and search for the clues that will help them win the competition. His supernatural strength growing thanks to the mystic powers granted to him by Himalayan monks, McIntyre chases the last remaining contestants into the darkened attic of the home as horrified viewers all over campus watch in abject horror."] ['The film begins with New Mexico State Police Sergeant Ben Peterson  and his patrol partner Ed Blackburn  discovering a little girl wandering the desert near Alamogordo, mute and in a state of shock. They retrace her steps to a trailer owned by an FBI agent named Ellinson, who was on vacation in the area with his wife and two children. The side of the trailer has been ripped open from the outside, and the rest of the family is missing and presumed dead. The girl briefly responds when strange sounds echo out of the desert wind, but the troopers and medic miss this. More mysterious deaths and disappearances occur in the area. A general store owner named Gramps Johnson is found dead in his store, which had been literally torn apart. All the money is left in the register, but a barrel of sugar had been smashed open, and Gramps\' empty rifle has been fired empty and bent in half. Peterson leaves to check on the little girl and make a report leaving Blackburn to guard Gramps\' store. Not long afterward, Blackburn hears a strange noise outside and goes out to investigate. Soon there is the sound of several gunshots, the strange sound gets louder, and Blackburn is heard screaming in agony, whereupon he disappears as well. Later, FBI agent Robert Graham  has arrived to assist. A single strange track bigger than a mountain lion’s has been found in the desert near the trailer, and a plaster cast of it was made and sent to Washington, D.C. The police think there is a maniac killer on the loose, but Peterson\'s boss points out that Gramps got off several shots with his 30-30 and was “a dead shot and could hit anything he could see”. So, the police commander says, “unless the attacker is armored like a battleship, there’s no maniac killer in this case.” Even more puzzling is the coroner\'s verdict about the possible causes of death found on Gramps Johnson\'s body: “Gramps could have died any one of five ways. His neck and back were broken, his skull was fractured, his chest was crushed... and here’s one for Sherlock Holmes. There was enough formic acid in his body to kill twenty men.” When the FBI is unable to identify the footprint, it attracts the attention of Harold  and Pat Medford , a father/daughter team of entomologists from the Department of Agriculture. The elder Dr. Medford arrives on the scene with a theory, but will not go into it until he tries an experiment on the Ellinson girl and sees the site where they found the track. In the hospital, he has her smell the contents of a vial containing formic acid, whereupon she emerges from her state of catatonic withdrawal and screams, "Them! Them!" Medford\'s theory is validated when, back at the torn-up trailer, he sees the track, measuring an astonishing eighteen centimeters, making the “creature” almost eight feet in length. Both Graham and Peterson are upset that the doctor has not let them in on what he thinks is happening, but he explains that he is trying to avoid a nationwide panic. As they talk, his daughter encounters a giant foraging ant. The lawmen empty their revolvers at the monster, to little effect. On Medford\'s advice, Peterson, using a Thompson submachine gun, and Graham finally kill it by shooting off the creature\'s antennae, blinding it, then emptying the Thomson into it. Medford finally tells them what it is: an ant. He theorizes it was mutated by the radiation from the first atom bomb tests, close by at Alamogordo. A U.S. Air Force unit is brought in, led by General O\'Brien , which locates the ants\' nest and exterminates the inhabitants with poison gas. However, the younger Dr. Medford finds evidence that two young queens have hatched and flown away to establish new colonies. Trying to avoid a general panic, the government covertly investigates any reports of unusual activities or sightings of "flying saucers". One report leads them to a railroad car which has been caved in and forty tons of sugar taken. The guard is irate at being accused of being in on it. "Who\'s going to steal forty tons of sugar? Is there a black market for it?" Another report takes them to a local hospital and a pilot named Crotty, who was forced down by U.F.O.s that he says resembled giant ants. He’s confined to the psycho ward, but the doctor – who is about to release him, saying it’s all a publicity stunt – is warned to keep him locked up and without any visitors so he gets no publicity. They’ll call later and tell the doctor when Crotty can be released. One of the queens is finally revealed to have invaded the hold of an ocean-going freighter which had been docked for off-loading and hatches left open. It has been overrun by ants who then slaughter the crew. The vessel is sunk by a U.S. Navy cruiser. Then, an alcoholic in a hospital "drunk tank" reveals that he saw giant ants flying around outside his window, and the dismembered corpse of a man last seen with his two young sons  leads the investigation to the storm drain system that empties into the Los Angeles River. Given the significant threat to the City, the U.S. Army goes public with the existence of the giant ants, declares martial law for the city, and prepares for a major assault on the new nest. During the assault, Peterson finds the two missing boys alive but trapped near the ants\' nest. He calls for backup but, seeing that the boys are in imminent danger, goes in alone before help can arrive. He gets the boys to safety in the pipe through which he came. Before Peterson himself can escape, he is grabbed from behind in the mandibles of another ant and mortally wounded. Graham arrives at the scene with reinforcements, and they fight off the swarming ants. Graham is nearly killed himself when a cave-in temporarily cuts him off from the rest of the men; several ants charge him, but he is able to hold them off long enough for the other troops to tunnel through the debris and come to his rescue. The nest\'s queen and egg chamber are then destroyed with flamethrowers. The senior Dr. Medford issues a grim warning that "the atomic genie has been let out of the bottle," and further horrors may await mankind. He solemnly intones, "When man entered the atomic age, he opened the door to a new world. What we may eventually find in that new world, nobody can predict."'] ['Six young people are caught in a night of hell in the wilderness as demons begin taking over their bodies. They must decipher a message left by a Cherokee elder before the long "Trail of Tears" march if they\'re to get through the night alive.'] ["A weekend retreat turns into a fight for their lives when a group of five hard-partying college students crosses paths with a demented gang of motorcycle marauders and their hideously disfigured leader in this tale of terror featuring Picket Fences star Costas Mandylor. The lake may be calling, but the crystal clear water turns blood red when the sadistic Dr. Chopper and his band of nurses begin stalking the students to harvest their body parts. After endless years of transplants, Dr. Chopper and the nurses have been rendered physically repulsive and mentally unhinged, and the only way for the creepy crew to keep themselves alive is to harvest the body parts of their victims. When Jessica and her friends are stalked through the woods and locked away in Dr. Chopper's blood-soaked lair of doom, their only hope for survival is to turn the tables on their captor and kill or be killed."] ['On their way home from a football game, five high school girls get lost in an area known as "the eyes". An ensuing accident with a parked SUV in a store parking lot causes the students to panic and flee the scene. A vehicle with one headlight starts to follow them until the Driver traps them on a deserted road. The Driver thinking that they wrecked her marriage forces the 5 girls from their vehicle, forces them to strip and urinate on their clothing at gunpoint. After letting them go The Driver continues to pursue them throughout the film and performs several violent and sexual acts on them. The girls also discover that in the back of The Driver\'s truck there are dead bodies. They get their revenge however, when they stab the Driver multiple times with a screwdriver and light her corpse on fire. They eventually return to the store to find that The Driver killed everyone in the store and drove off. The movie ends with the girls drive off into the night,one of them puking and the another girl who is driving tells her not to mess up her mothers car.'] ['In a suburban Miami house, a young woman arrives home and turns on her portable radio which broadcasts another murder, several within a few days. The woman turns off the radio and begins to take a bath. Suddenly, a gray-haired, wild-eyed man appears in the bathroom and brutally stabs the woman in her left eye, killing her. The man hacks off her left leg with a machete and leaves with it. The next day at the police station, Detective Pete Thornton reviews the latest murder to a homicidal maniac doing away with nearly five women now, and there are no clues. His chief superior advices him to continue perusing the case. At Fuad Ramses Catering store, Dorothy Freemont, a wealthy socialite, arrives where she arranges for Fuad to cater a party for her daughter Suzette. Fuad agrees to cater the party for Suzette and tells Mrs. Freemont that what he\'s preparing hasn\'t been prepared for over 5,000 years. Mrs. Freemont wants the catering done in two weeks and Fuad tells her that it will be enough time to get the last of his ingredients. After Mrs. Freemont leaves, Fuad ventures to the back storage room where he has a large gold statue of the "mother of veiled darkness" which is the goddess Ishtar. Fuad is repairing a blood rite for her in order for the goddess\'s resurrection. The solution that Fuad mixes in a huge vat contains the parts of the dead women. That evening, two teenagers, Tony and Marcy, make out on a nearby beach when Fuad attacks them, subduing Tony and slicing off the top of Marcy\'s head where he removes her brain to serve as the latest ingredient. Pete Thornton arrives on the scene with the police chief where, after not getting much from the distraught Tony, they interrogate Marcy\'s mother who can only tell Pete that her daughter belonged to a book club. At a local motel, Fuad is staking out the place when he sees a drunken sailor drop his wife off at her room before taking off. Fuad knocks on the woman\'s front door to the room and attacks her when she opens the door. Fuad rips the woman\'s tongue out of her mouth as another ingredient to his \'blood feast\'. Pete continues to investigate this latest killing and also discovers that the latest murder victim also belonged to a book club. Pete attends his weekly Egyptian studies lecture at the local university with his girlfriend, who happens to be Suzette. The lecturer tells them about the Cult of Ishtar, and describes how virginal women were sacrificed to the goddess on a altar as a blood offering to the Egyptian goddess. When the lecture is over, Pete takes Suzette out for a evening drive where she becomes worried about these events and of a serial killer loose in the area. Their date gets interrupted by their car radio which the announcer says that another victim has been found near death. Pete drops Suzette home and races to the hospital where the police chief is there and informs him that the maniac has struck again and hacked off the face of another woman named Janet Blake. Pete questions Janet in her hospital bed, in which the woman, with a bandaged face, tells the detectives that the man who attacked her was old with gray hair with wild eyes, wearing a funny-looking dark suit and he said something which sounded like "Etar". Janet Blake then dies, while Pete can\'t shake the feeling why that word sounds familiar. Fuad receives a letter from Trudy requesting a copy of the book \'Ancient Weird Religious Rites\', of which Fuad Ramses is the author. Fuad calls Trudy\'s home phone number and learns that she\'s staying with Suzette. That afternoon, Fuad stakes out the Freemont residence and kidnaps Trudy from the grounds and takes her to his store. He whips her savagely and collects her blood, the last ingredient to his solution for his goddess. With Trudy missing, Mrs. Freemont insists that the party continue. Pete calls Suzette to inform her that he will be late in arriving. Meanwhile, Fuad arrives with the food that he has cooked at his store. Elsewhere, Pete calls upon the college lecturer and gets more information about the Cult of Ishtar and about the book that Fuad Ramses had wrote and figures out that Fuad is the killer since all the victims were women who personally called upon him to send them copies of his book. Pete and the police race over to Fuad Ramses\' store and find Trudy\'s chopped-up body in the back of the store. Pete tries to call Suzette to warn her, but at coincidently the same time, Fuad cuts the phone line to the Freemont house. At the Freemont party, Fuad is ready with the food, but he first asks Suzette to come into the kitchen to help him. He has Suzette lie on a counter, which he makes his altar, and says a prayer to Ishtar, as he prepares to stab her in the chest with a butcher knife as a final offering to his goddess. But this takes forever because she can\'t take him seriously. Dorothy Freemont interrupts Fuad just as he\'s about to stab Suzette, and Fuad escapes just as the police arrive. Pete and the rest of the police chase Fuad through a nearby garbage dump where Fuad attempts to escape by climbing into the back of a departing garbage truck. But the truck\'s compact blades turn on and Fuad is crushed to death. The police stop the truck and see there\'s not much left of Fuad Ramses as Pete puts it, "he died a fitting end, just like the garbage he was."'] ['Samuel North has returned from college to reunite with his girlfriend Hannah Thompson. However on the night he is to have a romantic dinner with her on the banks of a river she does not show up and he is run into the river by a large white van. His soul goes to Hell, aka "The Pit", where he is tormented by the worst memories of his life, such as being bullied, finding his parents murdered and the regretful taxi ride which took him from Hannah to college. However, he experiences only a moment of torment before being rescued by other people who have found a way out. He escapes and wakes up along with the other escapees in a hospital, where he learns that Hannah did not return home the previous night and he is a suspect for her disappearance. Before he can find out anymore the three bounty hunters dispatched from hell to retrieve them appear and only Sam and two others escape. The duo, Mally and Oz, have both escaped numerous times only to be caught and brought back. They explain that two of the three bounty hunters are Switchers, who need to switch from dead body to body when their host body is killed. However their leader, a Changer, does not need to change unless into its native demonic form. They escape to a motel filled with escapees, all scarred by the Mark of the Damned, which is how the Reapers track them. Mally and Oz originally plan to escape to Mexico however Sam decides to find Hannah. Mally wants to flee to Mexico however Oz wants to help Sam find Hannah, believing that helping him may be their ticket to Redemption and out of The Pit for good. Mally relents and the trio go to the bar where Hannah worked and Sam discovers Hannah was constantly being sexually harassed by a regular named Isaac and that one of Hannah\'s friends told Isaac that Hannah was reporting him to the police. She further explains that Isaac followed Hannah out to her car and didn\'t return home that night. The trio find Hannah\'s car in the woods near the river and a dead body next to it. Sam\'s police friend Peter informs him the dead body was John Rice, who drove a white van. However he was pulled over and stabbed to death and his white van was hijacked. Later that night while picking up a few items from his brother, David, Sam is shot at by a man in the white van and his brother is injured. After dropping David off at an Emergency room he breaks into Isaac\'s house and interrogates him only to receive a truthful answer that Isaac left Hannah alone. Sam returns to the motel just before it is attacked by the Reapers. Although many escapees are killed and sent back to The Pit they succeed in sending one Switcher back to Hell. However, Mally and Oz, tired of fighting, decide to leave for Mexico. But before they can leave Sam tells them the sin for which he went to Hell : Murder. Despite this Oz and Mally leave Sam alone to fight the Reapers. Later on Sam is attacked by the Reapers however manages to send another Switcher back to Hell. Meanwhile Hannah\'s body is found in a river by a couple and the search is called off. David meanwhile is let out of the hospital and Peter offers to drive him home. On the way he sees the white van and finds the driver has entered a motel. Before he can call in backup however David shoots and kills him and confronts the man in the white van. It is revealed that David hired the man to kill Hannah and Sam. He berates him for being careless and not burying the body and ditching the van. The man however forces David to arrange a meeting at the Church between him and Sam. They meet and it is revealed the man is William Cain, the man who murdered Sam\'s parents and as revenge Sam killed him as he was trying to escape. William also escaped from Hell and offered to kill Sam and Hannah so that David could claim the inheritance, as their parent\'s will left everything to Sam and Sam\'s will left everything to Hannah. However before Will can kill Sam the final Reaper, the Changer, arrives and attacks both of them and kills William, but not before he tells Sam that David hired him to kill him. Now in its natural form the Changer nearly kills Sam before being killed by Mally and Oz, who have returned. Oz confesses that Sam didn\'t escape by accident and was in fact broken out by Oz, who is a Guardian Angel. He offers to take Sam down to Mexico however Sam stays to confront his brother. David admits not only to having Will kill Sam and Hannah but also having their parents murdered by him because he was jealous of his parents\' treatment of Sam as well as for the inheritance money. Following their argument Sam is shot by David however in a brief struggle Sam gains the upper hand and spares his brother only to be shot in the back as he is leaving. As the police arrive to arrest David, Sam has the opportunity to fire back at David, however he instead spends his final moments staring at a picture of him and Hannah happily together. For this act Sam gains redemption for his previous sin and when he dies he awakes in heaven with Hannah, where they spend the rest of eternity happily ever after.'] ['Olaf  brings women to the home he shares with his drunken mother . Once the unlucky ladies arrive, they are drugged, imprisoned, tied up and then turned into junkie-prostitutes.'] ['This is the story of a New York low budget film crew, led by their insane and egostical blind film director, Larry Benjamin, who is trying to create a work of art. In addition to the typical trials and travails of a Troma set, the crew is preyed upon by a sexually conflicted, bomb-toting serial killer. Among the large poorly-paid film crew, the movie centers mostly on production assistant Jennifer, who struggles to do her job while deciding between the two men in her life; the straight-laced boom operator Casey, and the rebellious special effects operator Jerry. The love triangle intensifies as the dead bodies mount with increasingly brutality. At the climax, the entire film crew bands together  against the mortal threat in their midst.'] ['In the opening sequence, an army convoy is attacked by terrorists who soon discover they have stolen a truck of living frozen biological material instead of uranium. Once at a dockside warehouse, the frozen Velociraptors escape, who kill many of the terrorists before the police arrive, who expect to find drug smugglers. After finding the sole survivor, the police are killed inside the warehouse by the Velociraptors. An anti-terrorist special force led by Colonel Rance Higgins is called in by General Mercer where they find pieces of bodies and a refrigeration truck rather than uranium. They maneuver through warehouse boxes until two get slashed to death. The survivors learn from Dr. Hodges that these are the last three "carnosaurs" in existence: two male Velociraptors and one female T-Rex left from the genetic reconstructions of the previous Carnosaur installments. It is made clear that the dinosaurs need to be caught alive, relating to the potential for curing major diseases. A massive meat shipment resides at the dock, so the three soldiers hunt in that area, meeting up with a unit of Marines who have come as backup. Soldier Polchek is given drugs to shoot into the carnosaurs as the group set up a lure and net trap with meat. One of the carnosaurs attacks and almost succeeds in dragging off Polchek, but is shot down. Hodges soon theorizes that the T-Rex is breeding since Polchek was being dragged off, perhaps to hatchlings. The next plan is to destroy the ship they\'re on into the Pacific and freeze the dinosaurs somehow. When time comes to explore the lower decks of the ship, the carnosaurs knock out the lights and kill a couple more soldiers. The rest get to an elevator, but a dinosaur chews the cable through and they crash on the bottom level, discovering the nest of eggs which they begin to shoot, causing the T-Rex to become mad, ripping off Polchek\'s arm. Rance and Proudfoot rejoin Dr. Hodges and Marine Rossi, split up again and rig dynamite. Rossi is eaten by the Rex; Proudfoot\'s head is ripped off; and the remaining two shoot two of the dinosaurs. Hodges senses the T-Rex is close. She and Rance hide behind lockers which the T-Rex head-butts. Rance throws an explosive in the mouth of the dinsosaur, killing it. The two race against time to jump in the ocean before the ship explodes. As a cliffhanger, back in the police car at the port, the sole surviving terrorist is still gagged in the back seat where a dinosaur soon appears.{{cite web}}'] ["In Mexico at the turn of the 20th century, a beautiful cowgirl named T.J. Breckenridge  hosts a struggling rodeo. Her former fiancé Tuck Kirby , a heroic former stuntman working for Buffalo Bill's Wild West show, wants to buy her out. Along the way, he is followed by a Mexican boy named Lope , who intends to join the rodeo on a quest for fame and fortune. T.J. has an ace she hopes will boost attendance at her show - a tiny horse. Tuck meets a British paleontologist named Horace Bromley , who was working in a nearby Mexican desert. Bromley shows Tuck fossilized horse tracks, which Tuck notices to be similar to T.J.'s horse's feet. So Tuck sneaks Bromley in for a peek. Bromley declares the horse to be an Eohippus. The tiny horse came from a place known as the Forbidden Valley. A Gypsy known as Tia Zorina  claims that it has a curse, and demands that it must be returned. Later, a group of thieves  collaborate with Bromley to steal the horse and release it in the valley. Bromley collaborates in the hopes of following the horse to its home. But Carlos , once a member of the Gypsy tribe now working for T.J.'s circus , walks in on the theft and tries to stop it, but is knocked out. Tuck arrives just as the Gypsy posse leaves. He sees Carlos as he begins reviving, notices the horse is missing, and sets off after it and Bromley. When T.J. and her crew discover Carlos and that the horse is missing, Carlos claims Tuck has stolen it. T.J. then leads a group of cowboys after Tuck and Bromley to retrieve the horse. Making their way into the Forbidden Valley, Tuck, T.J., and the rest of the group meet up and soon discover why the valley is said to be cursed as a Pteranodon swoops down and snatches Lope. After Carlos kills the Pteranodon, they spot an Ornithomimus, a small dinosaur which they chase after in the hopes of capturing it. Just as the ornithomimus is about to escape, it is killed by Gwangi, a vicious Allosaurus which pursues the group, almost finding and eating Bromley. However, a Styracosaurus appears and drives Gwangi away. Later, Gwangi pursues the people to their base camp, where it is able to get the best of them, until they begin to rope it down. Then, the Styracosaurus reappears and battles Gwangi. Gwangi emerges victorious, but decides to attack the men again. Gwangi manages to catch and kill Carlos, but knocks itself out while trying to exit the valley in pursuit of the rest of the group. Securing the creature, they take it back to town where it is to be put on display in T.J.'s show. However, on opening night, one of the Gypsies sneaks in and begins to unlock Gwangi's cage in an effort to free it. Instead the unfortunate man is killed and Gwangi breaks free. Bromley is crushed by a broken piece of the cage, and Gwangi attacks and kills a circus elephant . The crowd stampedes away from the arena; in the chaos, Tia Zorina is trampled and killed. Eventually, Gwangi, Tuck, T.J. and Lope end up in a cathedral which catches on fire. After some close calls, Tuck and T.J. manage to escape and lock the door behind them, trapping Gwangi in the burning building, which crumbles around it. Roaring in agony, Gwangi dies in the fire as Tuck, Lope, T.J., and the townspeople look on. Tuck, having killed Gwangi, becomes a town hero; however, the townspeople are also saddened by the thought of a magnificent creature like Gwangi dying such a horrible death, and by the loss of life caused by Gwangi's rampage."] ['A bloodthirsty alien lands on Earth and assumes the identity of a young man. The alien is then befriended by a lesbian couple who lives nearby.'] ['A group of drama students idolize their favourite horror film star, Conrad Razkoff. In the beginning, Conrad is acting in a commercial for dentures, and the Director stops the filming because he does not like Conrad\'s performance. While the director sits on the edge of the balcony, an angry Conrad pushes him off with his cane. Later, Conrad visits a school and talks about his performances, stating he felt \'so... angry.... and.... enraged!\' only to faint under excitement. One of the Drama students, Meg, revives him. Later, as Conrad sits in his bed, his obese director visits him. After a long talk about his death arrangements, Conrad closes his eyes and tricks the director into believing he is dead. Then, the director denounces him until Conrad springs up and smothers him with a pillow. After Conrad dies, the seven drama students, Meg, Saint, Bob, Eve, Donna, Oscar, and Stu, go to the cemetery after dark, they sneak into the tomb where Conrad\'s coffin resides. The lights turn on and they see a film of Conrad stating that he welcomes them into his tomb, unless,he says, they have broken in. Creeped out, Meg asks them not to take Conrad, but they do, and take him to an old mansion where they stay for the night. That night, Conrad\'s coffin explodes, and he rises from the dead. Later, Oscar and Donna are having sex but Donna says she is scared. Oscar goes to investigate and has his tongue ripped out by Conrad in the attic. Donna becomes worried and walks outside only to see Conrad, who uses black magic to set her on fire. Later, the five remaining teens realize that Oscar and Donna are missing and begin to look for them. Bob however is put in a trance by Conrad and walks to Conrad\'s tomb, only to suffocate from vapors that are released inside the crypt. Eve decides to watch a movie and is lured out of her room by the sound of Donna\'s voice, only to be smashed into the wall by Conrad\'s coffin, and hidden with Oscar\'s body. Meg, Saint, and Stu realize that the other two are now missing and begin to panic, and Meg decides she\'s going to tell the police. Stu runs upstairs to get a flashlight since Saint\'s car will not start, only to be decapitated by Conrad who then sends his severed head out onto the front lawn of the mansion. Meg and Saint venture outside looking for Stu and find Donna\'s burnt body, and hurry back inside. Saint decides to try to fix his car, while Conrad traps Meg in the attic, where she impales him with a cross. Saint safely hides her unconscious body and takes Conrad\'s body with him to put back in the crypt, while the police arrive to the mansion finding a delirious Meg and all her dead friends. At the cemetery, Conrad attacks Saint and puts him in the crematorium, and goes back to his grave. A while later, his wife and his psychic friend arrive to say their final goodbyes to the "dead" Conrad, only Conrad kills his psychic after she steals his jewelry from his body, and his wife locks the crypt for forever. The final scene shows a video being played on the television installed in the crypt of Conrad informing the audience that he will see us in hell.'] ["Seven sorority sisters, Katey  Morgan , Stevie , Liz , Vicki , Jeanie , and Diane  pull a prank on their strict house mother, Mrs. Slater, who is known for carrying a sharp walking cane. Their plan is to put Mrs. Slater's cane out in their dirty pool and force her at gunpoint to swim through and retrieve it. The prank goes awry when Vicki, who was holding the gun, accidentally shoots Mrs. Slater. The girls all agree to hide Slater's body in their dirty swimming pool until a graduation party being held in the house is finished. As the party begins, a guest wanders around the pool and an unknown figure stabs him through the neck with Mrs. Slater's cane and drags him away. When other guests attempt to throw Jeanie in the pool, they are stopped by the sorority sisters. Later, to prevent the pool lights from coming on revealing Slater's body, Stevie is forced to go into the power room of the house located in the basement. While doing so, she is brutally stabbed to death by Mrs. Slater's cane. Katey meets her date for the party, Peter, but she and the other girls worry why Stevie has not returned from the power room yet. Vicki orders the girls to search around the house for Mrs. Slater. Morgan enters Mrs. Slater's room and begins to sort her clothing when Mrs. Slater's body falls on her. She is joined by the sisters who wonder how her body was moved to the bedroom. Morgan subsequently dies when she gets lured to her bedroom door and stabbed through the stomach by the cane. Having found Slater's body, the sisters decide to bury it in a nearby graveyard. Meanwhile Katey goes into the attic and discovers children's toys, a clown statue, and a dead bloodied bird laying in its cage. Diane is waiting in her van for the other girls, but the figure stabs her to death with the cane from the sunroof. Jeanie, the most nervous member of the group, is also attacked while running back into the house but manages to escape. After informing Katey about the attack, Jeanie is chased into the upstairs bathroom. The killer finds her and enters the stall, decapitating her with the butcher knife. The party goers finally depart, leaving Katey and Peter in the house. After realizing that Jeannie and the others are missing, Katey tells Peter to go home and finds a number on a chain she found near the gate. The chain has the phone number for a Dr. Beck who soon arrives and asks Katey where Slater is. The two discover the bodies of Stevie, Morgan, and Diane in the pool. Meanwhile Vicki and Liz attempt to bury the body in the graveyard. Liz brings the van around and gets her throat sliced by the cane's razor sharp handle. Vicki calls for Liz and when she gets no answer, she approaches the van and discovers Liz's body. Vicki turns around, only to be hacked to death with the cane by the assailant. Katey and Dr. Beck arrive at the graveyard only to discover their bodies. After giving her a sedative, Dr. Beck reveals to Katey that Mrs. Slater had a son named Eric who was horribly deformed and mentally underdeveloped. Eric had actually been living in the Sorority House's attic and witnessed the shooting death of his mother. He is now exacting revenge on the girls for their irresponsibility with the prank. Katey is used as bait to lure Eric out of the attic so Dr. Beck can shoot him with a tranquilizer gun. However, the plan backfires when Peter comes through the door and is shot. Dr. Beck is hacked twice in the stomach by Eric who also throws him down a flight of stairs while Katey grabs the hand gun that was used on Mrs. Slater and finds Dr. Beck's body. She flees to the upstairs bathroom and discovers Jeanie's severed head in the toilet, staring back up at her. A traumatized Katey climbs up into the attic and is attacked by Eric. As Eric approaches her, Katey seemingly kills Eric by stabbing him multiple times with a pin sticking out of a doll's neck, and he falls through the attic hatch to the floor below. Katey peers down and, believing that he is dead, she becomes relieved. However, Eric was only incapacitated, as he opens his eyes before the film ends."] ["A top secret experiment spawns two highly intelligent life-forms: Einstein, a golden retriever with an IQ of 175; and the Outsider, a deformed monstrosity that exists to kill and to avenge its creators. When the Outsider escapes into the jungles of South America, the government sends in Ferguson  and some ex-military convicts to catch the beast. But what starts out as a high-speed chase ends in carnage. Only Einstein knows the Outsider's motives, and only the canine can outsmart the creature."] ['A woman and her daughter had been kidnapped by a bunch of bank robbers who have decided to stay the night in a house in the middle of nowhere. When the daughter manages to escape to a nearby house, she has no idea that she just escaped into the house of a serial killing psychopath, putting not only herself but also her mother and the robbers in fatal danger.'] ["While living at her parents' mountain home, Emily  is visited by her friend Angelica , who invites her to a rave party in the woods. Her parents, Leo  and Justine , let her attend, under the condition that she returns at midnight and calls if she's going to be late. Arriving early at the party, Angelica immediately attempts to acquire ecstasy and suspects an attendee named Swan  is carrying the drug. When asked about it, Swan informs the two girls that he doesn't have any ecstasy on him, but he has it in a nearby cabin, where his friends live. He requests that Emily and Angelica come to the cabin with him and meet his friends; the two comply. Unbeknownst to the girls, Swan's friends are actually his father Chaos ([[Kevin Gage , a notorious and wanted criminal and his father's gang, which consists of Chaos' girlfriend Daisy  and felon Frankie . Chaos sent his son to the party to lure unsuspecting females to him. Upon their arrival at the cabin, Emily and Angelica are quickly captured by the gang and taken to an abandoned part in the woods. The girls manage to escape their captors and split up in an attempt to make it harder for Chaos and his gang to find them. Angelica is ultimately caught by Daisy and brought before Chaos, who tortures and stabs her death, and then proceeds to violate her corpse. Chaos and his group continue their pursuit of Emily, even as the sun sets. They briefly re-encounter her, but Emily manages to steal Daisy's knife in a struggle and stabs Swan in the genitals. Knowing his wound is fatal, Chaos suffocates his son and promises to murder Emily. Meanwhile, Justine becomes nervous about Emily's whereabouts when she doesn't answer cell phone and convinces Leo to call the police. However, Justine suspects MacDunner , the investigating officer, won't attempt to find her, so she and Leo go into the woods themselves. While searching for Emily, the couple find Angelica's corpse. Chaos and Frankie finally recapture Emily and bound her with rope. In retaliation for his son's death, Chaos brutally violates Emily with his knife. With both girls dead, the gang prepares to leave the area, when Chaos' van fails to start up. Knowing that they'll be caught if they stay in the woods, Chaos and his gang leave the vehicle and look for a car to steal. Their van is then found by MacDunner and his partner Wilson , who discover blood stained clothes. The gang decides to go to a nearby house, with the intent of stealing the owner's car, unaware of the fact that they arrived at Emily's home. Leo lets Chaos and his group stay at the home, but notices that Daisy is wearing Emily's belt. Suspecting the group of being involved with Emily's disappearance, Leo calls the police, while Chaos and Frankie prepare to hot-wire his car and kill the couple. Chaos is confronted by a shotgun wielding Leo, determined to find out what happened to his daughter. When Frankie arrives with a captured Justine, Chaos disarms Leo and takes the shotgun. Instead of shooting Leo and Justine, however, Chaos shoots Daisy when she tries to convince him to leave the house. In the ensuing confusion, the couple escapes. Leo emerges with a chainsaw and slashes Frankie across the stomach, and proceeds to attack Chaos. In the ensuing struggle, Leo manages to get the upper hand and prepares to kill Chaos. Before he can, MacDunner arrives and kills Leo when he refuses to drop his weapon. Justine retaliates by shooting MacDunner in the back and Wilson is killed by Chaos. Chaos then shoots Justine in the head and his laughter is heard."] ['The film centers on four young girls , who are on a cross-country road-trip to Las Vegas. En route, they pick up a seemingly-harmless hitchhiker , and continue their journey, only for their car to break down in a deserted motel on a lonely highway. Waiting for a mechanic to arrive, the girls settle down in the hotel for the night. They wait out in the pool and Jack shows some interest in Melinda  Krista gets up later while the other girls are sleeping and lets herself in to Jack\'s room where they proceed to have rough sex. Later, Patty  and Denise  are teasing Krista while the mechanic  goes to Jack\'s truck to fix it, only to be shot in the head by Jack. Meanwhile, Jack brings some Cannabis in the form of a drink. All of the girls drink it except Melinda, who just takes a sip. She passes out, waking up the next day to find that the motel manager Doug  has been stabbed to death. Jack brings her to his plastic lined room, where she discovers the rest of the girls tied up. Jack then argues with the terrified girls while Melinda pleads with him to let them go. Denise tells Jack that she has no one and he asks her if she can love him. Denise agrees only to be forced onto the bed at knife-point by Jack. He then demands Melinda join them on the bed and brutally rapes her and then Denise. While he is raping Denise, Melinda grabs a piece of plastic from the ceiling and proceeds to suffocate Jack. The girls then run outside to the truck but can\'t find the keys. Krista runs back inside the motel to find them and they get in the truck but find that it won\'t start. They then start arguing that they have to leave, but Melinda says they have to go back and kill Jack. Patty stabs him in the chest and the girls run out, all safe except for Krista whom Jack shoots. Melinda tries and fails to take out the bullet, and Krista dies. Jack gets in the tow truck and runs. Later, a newly married couple – Jennifer  and Steve  – check into the motel, unaware of the girls. Later Steve knocks on Jack\'s room and Melinda answers. Steve, seeing the girls kicks the door open and Jack shoots him in the eye before knocking out Jennifer a while later. Two cops come visit, and the girls escape in their car, all except Patty who was shot 16 times in the stomach. Jack kills Jennifer with a shotgun, and Melinda and Denise escape in the car. Several weeks later Melinda and Denise are on Melinda\'s porch discussing the past events and its effect on them. Finally Denise says she must go home to her two dogs. Melinda asks her what dogs she got and Denise replies with a smile, "A Doberman and a pit bull." Later on that night Melinda is in her bathroom washing her face and we see a shadow move behind her. When she stands up straight once more she sees Jack\'s reflection in the mirror. When she turns around he is gone. Late that night Melinda is asleep with her husband when see wakes to a noise. She wakes her husband and he says it\'s just the porch gate, but he goes to check it out anyway. He fixes the gate and when he enters the house he is attacked by Jack. Melinda goes to check on her husband and finds him tied to a chair and Jack with a gun to his head. After a heated conversation in which Melinda yells she doesn\'t love Jack he is about to shoot her, but she shoots him first. He falls to the ground but lifts his gun once more saying, "What goes around comes around." Melinda shoots him again and the film ends.'] ['Kelvin Cheatum  is trying to save his father\'s studio from bankruptcy by producing worthy heirs to his father\'s slate of classic low-budget cult films. Cheatum Studio\'s current productions include Hamburger Time Traveler Detective, Space Spankers 2015, and the ninth entry of his father\'s famous killer puppet franchise Tiny Terrors; however, things aren\'t going as planned: the cast and crew members are losing patience with the long hours, lack of pay, terrible scripts, and Kelvin\'s over reliance on good will towards his father. A blogger who goes by the name of "Demon Warrior 13" is organizing effective boycotts of their films. A puppet exploding during a shot has brought matters to a head and an open brawl has broken out on the set. In the ensuing chaos, Tommy Hines , using a wheelchair and battling a terminal illness, arrives from The Rainbow\'s End Foundation with his case worker Heather Crocker . His final wish before he dies is to tour the studio and see the star puppets from the Tiny Terrors franchise. Meanwhile, Polly Bonderhoof  attempts to restore order with a box of baked goods from her sister in Waco, Texas, which includes the Gingerdead Man . He slips out of the pastry box and locates a spell book in the prop room, which includes a transmigration spell to transfer his soul out of his stale form and into a human body. The spell calls for blood from five victims placed in a pentagram, and then the sacrifice of one more victim, who must be a virgin. The Gingerdead Man kills four people in various gruesome ways, but is driven off by Kelvin and Heather as he cuts the hand off of a crew member. Kelvin orders the studio evacuated and sets off with Heather to confront the cookie, which goes badly when it seizes control of a prop robot which has functional disintegrating lasers, which disintegrates one of the crew members. Tommy cuts the robot\'s power cord with an ax and it topples over, momentarily trapping the Gingerdead Man beneath it. Tommy reveals himself to be "Demon Warrior 13," who has faked his illness in order to gain access to the studio and blow it up as revenge for the studio non-responsiveness to the scripts he has submitted. Kelvin offers a three picture deal while Heather sneaks up behind Tommy and attempts to bludgeon him. The assault fails and Kelvin is knocked unconscious. Kelvin wakes, chained next to Heather on an altar on the Tiny Terrors set. Tommy is reading an incantation from the spell book, but the Gingerdead Man fatally stabs Tommy from behind, making him the sixth  victim for the Transmigration. Since the Gingerdead Man isn\'t for sure if the guy with the cut off hand is dead or not, he\'s gonna use Kelvin\'s body as his new host. However, the Gingerdead Man has made an error. He was supposed to have five drops of blood on the five points of the pentagram. The final sixth victim is not supposed to bleed on the pentagram. Tommy, however, bleeds on the pentagram, instead invoking the spell for bringing dolls to life. The dolls from the set of Tiny Terrors animate themselves. The dolls then attack the Gingerdead Man, hold him down while one of them gets a cross, drag him to the cross, and crucify him  before burning him on the cross. One of the actors from the movie, Sir Ian Cavanaugh , bursts in and shoots all of the puppets with an AK-47. Some time later, Kelvin has married Heather and Tiny Terrors has won an award for Best Horror Hand Puppet Motion Picture, while a homeless man ([[Adam Green , digging for food in a dumpster, comes across the burnt cookie. He takes a bite, and is possessed by the Gingerdead Man.'] ["The film takes place in Venice, where David Franks  and girlfriend Laura  are meeting with Venetian police to learn more about the mysterious disappearance of David's father. During the boatride to where they think David's father may have last been seen, David sees the dorsal fin of a large shark. In double-take he looks back and the fin is gone. David and another man  enter the canals wearing wetsuits and scuba gear. A large shark preys on the two and in a sudden attack the Italian man is eaten. David is bitten in the shoulder but manages to escape to a cave. In the cave, David narrowly escapes several close calls with contraptions recalling those in the opening scene of Raiders of the Lost Ark; the film also borrows quite liberally from the plot of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. He then emerges on a large room in the cave which holds vast amounts of treasure. David stares in wonder at it, pockets a gold and emerald brooch and returns to Laura in the boat. The next scene shows him recuperating in a hospital bed with Laura by his side. David and Laura are asked to meet and have dinner with business-man Vito Clemenza . Clemenza produces the brooch David had taken from the treasure room and asks David to return to the cave. As unsuspecting tourists are devoured, David contemplates his next move. Before too long Laura is kidnapped by Clemenza's Mafia goons. David decides to try to save her with the help of the Venetian police. It is unclear whether it is a scientific phenomenon leading to the gradual increase in the temperature of the Grand Canal and the presence of at least one Great white shark taking up residence in the city of Venice.Danny Lerner Shark in Venice Filmkritik Rezension Kritik Later in the film Clemenza appears to tell David that he is the one who has introduced the sharks to the waterways."] ["The plot revolves around a confidence trickster, Dr. Acula  who pretends to be able to contact the dead, and charges people large amounts of money to speak to their relatives. The ending involves Acula inadvertently summoning a group of real ghosts, and being imprisoned for all eternity. The movie features a prologue and a brief acting role by Criswell, who also narrated Wood's Plan 9 from Outer Space."] ['{{plot}} The film begins with a boy named Michael , a kid who has the hots for a beautiful girl named Jada , but is always rejected because Jada is stuck with a gangster, Lorenzo , and when Michael comes close to her, he is threatened with bodily harm by getting beat up by both Lorenzo and his homeboys, T-Bone  and Baby Boy . But Michael is secretly involved in black magic, and tries to bring a doll that he keeps calling Killjoy to life. But the spell does not work quickly; after he is abducted by the gangsters and brought into an abandoned area of the woods, Michael is accidentally shot and killed by Lorenzo when they were supposedly joking around with him. A year later, Jada is now going out with a guy named Jamal , who is just as nice as Michael was. Meanwhile, Lorenzo is now going out with a girl named Kahara , who is just like Jada. When Lorenzo leaves to have sex with her, T-Bone and Baby Boy go to get some ice-cream to get munchies, when the ice-cream man, who\'s dressed up like a clown  really sells drugs. Baby Boy and T-Bone hop in the truck, when suddenly, they end up in some abandoned building, far away from where they live. They split up to find a way out. Baby Boy finds a way out, but before he can make a run for it, he gets rammed into the wall by the ice-cream truck. Meanwhile, T-Bone finds some pot lying on the ground and starts to smoke it, when suddenly, the pot starts to burn him, and his body vanishes, and ends up back to his hide-out, along with Baby Boy. Meanwhile, Lorenzo, after having sex with Kahara, hears something outside her apartment building, and goes outside to check. He finds the ice-cream truck and opens the door, and the ice-cream man pulls him in, and ends up at the abandoned building. After finding the ice-cream man, he confronts him and shows him the  corpses of T-Bone and Baby Boy; after they fade away, he shoots the ice-cream man dozens of times, but the ice-cream man sucks up the bullets (a spoof of [[The Mask  and shoots the bullets out of his mouth, killing Lorenzo. Meanwhile, one of Jada\'s friends, Monique , calls Jada, telling her that some guy  came in to her room and needs them to come over. The homeless man tells them that Lorenzo killed Michael a year ago, and explains that Michael was brought back to life by the Ice Cream Man, whose real name\'s Killjoy, the doll Michael has, and tells them that Killjoy just killed Lorenzo, Baby Boy, and T-Bone. Then he tells them that Killjoy/Michael can be killed by Jada, because the love of a young woman can destroy the evil in the heart. Before leaving, he tells them that they have to kill the doll the spirit of the ice cream man came from, and the ice cream truck is outside. Still not believing what the homeless man said, they go inside the ice-cream truck to check it out, and they end up in the abandoned building, where they\'re confronted by T-Bone, Baby Boy, and Lorenzo, who souls\' are under Killjoy\'s control and are now his accomplices. The trio start fighting the accomplices until all three are killed. Then Killjoy comes out and knocks Jamal and Monique out. He asks Jada for a kiss, upon which Jada agrees to do so, under one condition: that he will leave her world and never come back. But instead of disappearing, Killjoy transforms into Michael. Michael tells Jada that he did it all for her. Jada, who desperately wants to stop Michael/Killjoy from killing, stabs Michael to death, and Michael fades away. Jamal, Jada, and Monique are about to leave when Killjoy, Lorenzo, T-Bone, and Baby Boy appear behind them. Jada then remembers from the Homeless man that they have to kill the doll. The trio frantically run back into the ice-cream truck, where they end up in Michael\'s house, where the doll lies on the floor. The doll turns into Michael, who constantly begs her for forgiveness, but Jada continues to stab it. The earth starts to shake, and while Jada, Jamal, and Monique try to stay still within the circle of candles without breaking it, Baby Boy, T-Bone, and Lorenzo\'s souls are sucked into a portal. The trio then watch as Killjoy finishes off Michael , and the trio are sent back to Jada\'s room, where the homeless man thanks them, and vanishes, meaning he\'s an angel from heaven. The trio decides to go out and eat, when they are confronted by Ray Jackson , and Tamara , who are both in Jada\'s English class. Ray says that he gained access into the club free because his brother owns the place, and his name is......Killjoy! The trio then see that Ray turns into Killjoy, and Tamara turns into Lorenzo. Killjoy starts laughing maniacally at the trio, with Jada screaming "NO!", until Jada wakes up in bed, along with Jamal, indicating that the entire experience was all a dream. Jamal tries to calm Jada down by going under the covers to perform oral sex on her, but then rises from the covers as Killjoy. The film ends with a shot of Jada screaming and Killjoy stating, "That was some good pussay!!!", followed by evil laughter.'] ["Somewhere in Mexico during the summer, an ancient Aztec pyramid, dedicated to the rain god Tlaloc, is discovered. It contains numerous artifacts as well as a remarkably well-preserved mummy. All of these items are transported to a university in the United States for study and display; the university is nearly deserted except for six archeology students and their professor. While they are preparing the artifacts for display, one of the students steals an amulet from the mummy's wrist; he gives it to one of the other students, a girl whom he has a crush on. Unfortunately, it turns out that another of the six students is actually a descendant of Aztec priests, and that he needs the amulet as part of a ceremony to Tlaloc. This student resurrects the mummy and sends it to recover the amulet so that he can complete the ritual. The murderous mummy begins killing anyone in its way. The other students learn about the mummy and also discover that the planned ritual to Tlaloc could be extremely destructive. They attempt to survive the mummy's attacks and to prevent the ceremony, but one by one are killed. Eventually, the priest-student chooses one of the remaining female students to be a human sacrifice to Tlaloc; the last surviving student must rush to save her and stop the ritual and prevent the apocalypse."] ['Suburban New Jersey, Christmas Eve - 1947: A Christmas Eve experience traumatizes Harry. He catches his mother being sexually groped by his dad, who\'s dressed up as Santa. The child then goes up to the attic and cuts his hand with a shard of glass from a shattered snow globe. Thirty-three years later, an adult Harry now works in "a lousy position" at the Jolly Dreams toy factory. At home, he has taken it upon himself to become the next true Santa; he sleeps in costume, and his apartment is resplendent with Christmas toys and décor. From the roof of his building, he uses binoculars to spy on neighborhood children to see if they have been \'bad or good\' . Harry runs back home and writes Moss\' name in his “Bad Boys & Girls” book. On his way home, Harry peeps into the window of a local bar and sees coworker Frank Stoller, whom earlier that day had phoned-in sick and Harry had relieved on the assembly line. Harry becomes angry and rushes home, hums a Christmas tune, and breaks one of his male dollhouse figures. The following morning Harry phones his younger brother Phil  and cancels Thanksgiving dinner. The Company Christmas party is in full swing. Harry watches the owner of Jolly Dreams making a televised announcement that, if production increases sufficiently, the company will be able to donate toys to the disadvantaged children at Willowy Springs State Hospital. Just then, Harry is greeted by coworkers Ben, who thanks him for taking Frank\'s place at the warehouse, and Frank, who introduces him to newcomer-employee George. At home, Harry realizes that people generally consider him a "schmuck" and is constantly exploited by others. He then has a nervous breakdown, and he is now convinced that he truly is the proverbial jolly old elf. Down in his basement workshop, he begins smelting toy soldiers  and small axes. Alone after-hours, Harry gets a brilliant idea. He steals Company toys, wraps them, loads them into his van, and later drops them off at the Hospital. He then leaves a bagful of dirt at bad-boy Moss Garcia’s doorstep, and thereafter murders three parishioners who happen to taunt him at the bottom steps of a nearby church. Coincidentally, Frank and George are also attending the midnight mass, and witness Santa\'s bloody crime, the hatchet murders of young bullying preppies. Later that evening Harry manages to invade two family\'s homes for different reasons. After sneaking into Phil\'s home, he destroys his nephews\' Jolly Dreams gifts, and delivers the newly-minted soldiers, as well as toys from his own workshop. At the Stoller home, he sneaks in through their basement, delivers the kids\' toys, murders Frank in bed, and escapes in his van. Christmas morning, Phil begins to suspect something is seriously wrong with his brother and argues with his wife Jackie. Their children are preoccupied with watching a television program and do not seem to mind playing with their damaged and sub-par toys. At the closed warehouse, Harry gains entrance and activates the assembly lines, breaking even-more toys in the process. That night he drives off, and his van becomes stuck in a beautifully decorated street with plenty of lights, sending him further into a delusional state. By now his costume is dirty and dishevelled. He eventually finds himself on the wrong side of his brother\'s neighborhood, and a torch-bearing mob pursues him. Nevertheless, he manages to drive his van out of the sludge and arrives at his brother\'s house. Phil quickly realizes that his brother is the homicidal Santa he has heard announced on the news and proceeds to choke him unconscious. He loads him into the front seat of the van, whereupon Harry comes-to, cold-cocks him, and again drives off. During his escape, the oncoming mob forces him and his van off a bridge. The van then is shown to fly off towards the moon as a voice over reads the end of "Twas the Night Before Christmas."'] ["An expedition led by British archeologist Professor Fuchs  attempts to locate the cursed tomb of an evil Egyptian princess. Her body is found to be perfectly, unnaturally preserved after two millennia. Fuchs becomes obsessed by Princess Tera's beauty and takes the body and sarcophagus back to London, building a secret shrine in his basement. Not long after, his daughter Margeret , who bears an uncanny resemblance to the princess, starts to experience strange dreams. A sinister man, who only she seems to notice, watches her from the derelict house across the road. Margaret begins to wonder if she's going mad, and starts experiencing wild personality changes. Soon the evil will of Tera, reaching up through the house, begins to periodically take over Margaret's mind and body. The strange man is revealed as Corbeck , one of the expedition members, who is working to restore Tera to life and a new reign of terror, and with his help Margaret kills the other desecrators of Tera's tomb one by one. Corbeck, Margeret and her increasingly unhinged father start the ritual to awaken the princess. Professor Fuchs finally sees sense and convinces her to stop the ritual; together they overpower and kill Corbeck. Tera awakes, and in the attempt to stop Tera, the Professor is killed. After a long struggle, Margaret stabs Tera in the heart and she dies. In the end, Magaret wakes up from unconsciousness and finds herself in the hospital. Her whole body is wrapped in bandages and she is trying to say something."] ['When research scientist Dr. Gilbert McKenna falls unconscious after accidentally being exposed to radiation during an experiment with a new radioactive isotope, he is rushed to a nearby hospital. Attending physician Dr. Stern is surprised to find that Gil shows no signs of burns typical to a five-minute exposure to radiation and informs Gil\'s co-workers, lab assistant Ann Lansing and scientist Dr. Buckell, that he will keep the patient for several days of observation. Later, Gil is taken to the solarium to receive the sun\'s healing rays, but while he naps, the sun\'s rays metamorphose Gil into a scaled creature, horrifying the other patients. Seeing his own skin, Gil flees to the bathroom to confront his new appearance. Later, Stern explains Gil\'s affliction to Lansing and Buckell: Humans have evolved from a chain of living beings beginning with one-celled organisms that progressed into fish, amphibians, reptiles, mammals and finally humans. Stern assumes that the radiation poisoning has caused a reversal of evolution changing Gil into a prehistoric amphibian and that the catalyst for the regression is sunlight. Stern suggests that Gil can control his symptoms by staying in the dark and remaining in the hospital, but admits that the patient cannot be held against his will. Although Gil has resumed his normal appearance, he has become mentally unstable. Notifying Lansing of his resignation, Gil drives his convertible to his large manor in an isolated coastal region where he drinks himself into a stupor. After hours of aimlessly walking the grounds, Gil drives to a bar where he finds sultry piano player Trudy Osborne singing. Removing his sunglasses in the darkened bar, Gil meets Trudy\'s eyes in a romantic glance, but he soon leaves and recklessly drives back to his house. Back at the research facility, Buckell receives word that noted radiation-poisoning specialist Dr. Hoffman has agreed to help Gil and plans on arriving in the area within a few days. Because Gil has disconnected his phone, Lansing offers to drive to the manor to deliver Hoffman\'s letter. After studies about radiation poisoning offer no leads on solving Gil\'s own particular symptoms, he walks to the ocean bluffs to commit suicide, but the laughter from children playing nearby softens his resolve. Instead, Gil returns to the bar where Trudy joins him for a drink and comments that the evening is not over because it is "never late until the sun comes up." Although Gil is disturbed by the comment, his loneliness draws him closer to Trudy. When bar patron George insinuates that he has purchased Trudy\'s company for the evening and she rebuffs him, Gil defends her decision, causing a fistfight between the men. A fter knocking George to the ground, Gil flees with Trudy into the night in his convertible. Later that evening, after they kiss while walking the shoreline, they make love, falling asleep in the sand until the morning light awakens Gil. Realizing the sun\'s rays will cause him to become the amphibious monster, Gil speeds away in his car leaving Trudy stranded on the beach. Arriving at the house, Gil runs in but not before the transformation occurs. Meanwhile, Lansing arrives and seeing the cellar door ajar, bravely opens it to find Gil cowering in a corner, physically recovered from the transformation but in a state of shock. Gil is at first uninterested in seeing Hoffman because he believes he is "beyond help," but Lansing\'s sobbing pleas convince him to see the doctor. During his examination, Hoffman orders Gil to remain in the house at all times for precaution until he can return with help. Alone in the house, Gil\'s restless sleep leads him to return to the bar, where George and his thugs, prompted by Trudy\'s story about Gil\'s abandoning her, beat Gil almost unconscious. Fearing Gil will die if left unattended, Trudy takes him to her apartment where he sleeps until morning. After Gil asks to remain there until the evening, explaining he has a reaction to the sun, George arrives and, seeing Gil, forces him at gunpoint out into the daylight, causing the transformation to occur. Infuriated by George\'s threats, the creature strangles him to death, then runs into the hills, frightening children and brutally killing a dog in his path. Returning to the house, the creature finds Hoffman, Lansing and Buckell waiting there and returns to his normal human state. When Gil admits to the murder, others assure him that he acted in self-defense, but when the police arrive with an arrest warrant, a hysterical Gil races from the grounds in his car and accidentally hits a police officer. Later, Gil hides inside an oil field shack in a residential district, while police comb the area and set up roadblocks. Despite radio and newspapers reports that a killer is on the loose, young Suzy evades her mother\'s orders to remain inside the house and runs to her hideout, the oil field shack. Finding Gil there, Suzy offers to fetch him cookies and promises not to tell her mother about the strange man. However, when Suzy\'s mother sees her hoarding cookies, she questions Suzy until she admits that she has a new friend, a sick, hungry man. While the terrified mother calls the police, Suzy slips out the door to return to Gil. Her mother chases after her into the oil field where police cars are just arriving. Realizing Suzy is endangered by being with him, Gil carries the girl out of the shack into the sunlight where he lets her go and soon changes into the creature. In the ensuing police chase, the creature attacks another officer and then climbs the stairs to the top of a tall oil rig where another officer tries to apprehend him. As the creature begins to strangle him, the officer shoots him in his chest and Gil falls several stories to his death while Buckell, Hoffman and a sobbing Lansing watch in dismay.'] ['{{plot}}  In the town of Moorehigh in 1957, the patients of Dr. Rendell kept disappearing. After some investigation, the citizens of Moorehigh found that he and his son, Evan, Jr. , were ripping out patients\' hearts in an attempt to bring back the doctor\'s dead wife. The townspeople stone Dr. Rendell to death, but Evan, Jr. disappeared. Thirty-five years later, the now-adult Evan, Jr. escapes from an insane asylum by murdering two doctors, and heads back to Moorehigh for revenge. The reputation of the Rendell family has been immortalised in a poem used by local children to keep rhythm when skipping; ::This town has a doctor and his name is Rendell ::Stay away from his house cause he\'s the doctor from Hell. ::He killed all his patients, every last one, ::And cut out their hearts...purely for fun. ::So if you\'re from Moorehigh and you get sick ::Fall on your knees and pray you die quick. In Moorehigh, 19 year old Jennifer Campbell, her boyfriend Max Anderson, and their classmates are all planning their spring break. Jennifer, having lost her mother recently and put out that her father is dating again so soon after her death, is further angered because she has been diagnosed with a heart condition, and is forced to wear a heart monitor to determine if she needs surgery. Meanwhile, Dr. Giggles breaks into his father\'s abandoned office and starts going through the doctor\'s old files, gathering a list of names. Jennifer\'s friends decide to do expedition into the Rendell house, to search for the bodies that urban legend says are hidden in the walls. As a prank, two of them are locked in one of the abandoned rooms, and are left behind, becoming Giggles\' first victims. Giggles proceeds to stalk and kill several of the town\'s residents, through a variety of bizarre methods loosely based on medical treatment. Jennifer comes home from a party and, deciding she\'s had enough of her heart monitor, dumps it in a fish tank. While she is lying down, two of her friends sneak into another room to have sex, only to be ambushed and killed by Giggles. After Jennifer decides to go back to the party, her father sees the heart monitor and runs out of the house after Jennifer, leaving his girlfriend behind to also be killed by Giggles. Jennifer returns to a carnival and finds Max kissing another girl. Distraught, she runs into a house of mirrors. Giggles follows and kills the girl, but Jennifer manages to see him coming and escapes. She finds the police and tells them what has happened, but only two officers believe her story - Reitz and Magruder. Magruder, the elder, tells of how, the night after Dr. Rendell was killed, he came across the body of Rendell\'s wife and saw the seven year old Evan, Jr. cut his way out of the body with a scalpel, revealing how he escaped the mob all those years ago. Magruder goes to investigate Jennifer\'s house, and finds her father there, lying in a pool of blood. Giggles attacks and kills Magruder, but not before Magruder seriously wounds him in the side with a bullet. Reitz arrives soon after, finding his partner dead and Jennifer\'s father wounded but alive. Meanwhile, Giggles returns to his hideout, performing surgery on himself to remove the bullet. The traumatic experience has made it necessary for Jennifer to be checked into the hospital for an EEG. While she is being examined, Giggles appears, killing the doctor and knocking Jennifer unconscious with a syringe full of sedative. Jennifer awakens later to find herself in the operating room beneath the Rendell house, as Giggles tells her that he plans to replace her "broken" heart with one of the ones he took from the bodies of her friends. However, just as she falls unconscious, Reitz and Max burst in. In the struggle, Reitz is killed, but a fire started during the fight ignites a set of oxygen tanks, causing an explosion that destroys the Rendell house . Max and Jennifer barely manage to escape. Jennifer is taken to the hospital, where she is told that the traumatic events of the evening have damaged one of her heart valves, and she is going to need surgery to replace it. While she is being prepped, Giggles reappears, having survived the explosion, and cutting a bloody path through the hospital staff to get to Jennifer. He chases her to a janitor\'s closet, where she spills a bottle of cleaning fluid onto the floor and hits him with a pair of defibrillator paddles, electrocuting him. She finally kills him by stabbing him through the chest with two of his own instruments. Giggles then breaks the fourth wall, staring at the camera and asking, "Is there a doctor in the house?" before dying. Recovering in the hospital, Jennifer is visited by her also-recovering father, and by Max.'] ['Dr. Alan Feinstone is in the maximum security mental hospital he was sentenced to at the end of the first film. While talking to the facility\'s psychiatrist, he remembers the murders he committed in his own mind, while convincing the doctor that it was another man who did those things. His remorseful story distracts her from seeing him pull a sharpened tool that he stitched into his own leg, and he uses her as a hostage to escape the hospital. Feinstone\'s ex-wife Brooke is alive despite her missing tongue and inability to speak; she hires an investigator to find out where Alan has escaped to, believing that he had been putting away money before he went crazy. Brooke has in her possession some postcards that Alan had left behind, and she believes he is in one of those places. Feinstone winds up in the small town of Paradise, Missouri, pretending that he had grown upset at life in the big city. He uses a previously established false identity of Dr. Lawrence  Caine, and has a bank account where he had been sending the money he skimmed off from his practice to hide from the IRS. The bank officer Mr. Wilkes introduces Feinstone to his niece Jamie, hoping that she can rent out her small cottage for "Larry" to live in so she could collect money from it. Jamie, who physically resembles Brooke, becomes a target of Alan’s affections. When he has problems with a cap on one of his teeth, Feinstone visits the inept town dentist, and takes an instant disliking to Dr. Burns, especially when the cap falls back off after only an hour. Feinstone threatens the old man with a golf club, causing him to accidentally fall down the stairs to his death. Mr. Wilkes convinces Alan that he should take over as the new dentist for Paradise; Alan soon resumes his murderous ways with a passing tourist  who accidentally recognizes him from L.A. As the private detective tracks Alan down to Paradise, Feinstone learns that Jamie has an old admirer named Robbie, who also is the drywall contractor hired to finish his new office. Feinstone\'s insane jealousy causes him to ruin a romantic dinner when it is interrupted by a call from Robbie on her answering machine, despite Jamie\'s insistence that she only thinks of Robbie as a friend from third grade. Meanwhile, Bev, a teller at the bank, has doubts about "Larry" and finds out his real identity while researching on the computer. Bev sets up an appointment to tell him she knows the truth, but when she asks too many questions he supposes she knows something. He goes behind her and sedates her with nitrous oxide. She finds herself duct taped to the dental chair and cries and begs him to let her go. He puts a mouth clamp in her mouth to keep it open and drills her tooth to the raw nerve as a "lie detector" to find out who else she has told. If she lied he would take a dental hook and wiggle the tooth he drilled. Robbie comes to install some more drywall, and after Bev screams Robbie goes to check on her then Alan and Robbie get into a fight. Alan kills Robbie with a hatchet and turns back to Bev and re-tapes her to the dental chair, takes some dental pliers and plays a new game "truth or tooth" and pulls her left front tooth out and then asks a question about Jamie then pulls her left incisor tooth out. Before finishing her off Alan painfully extracts her teeth. Later that night Alan begins to have his obsessive-compulsive visions of germs and decay again after seeing his blood-stained uniform. Suddenly Brooke appears, and begins to seduce him in one of his chairs; just before she can cut his tongue off with a pair of scissors, Jamie knocks her out with an overhead lamp. However, as Jamie is calling the police about Brooke, she spots the bloody hatchet, and opens a closet door to find Robbie\'s and Bev\'s maimed corpses. Feinstone turns on Jamie and a fight ensues, with him chasing her to an upstairs bathroom and finally overpowering her. He takes her to an unfinished room in the office, which in his mind is spotless, germ-free and pure white, with opera music playing, and picks up an electric drill  and tries to drill her teeth. Jamie escapes and hides, until Brooke has revived and she and Jamie trap Alan in a hallway. Brooke lunges to stab him with her scissors, but Jamie inadvertently hits her over the head with a 2x4, presumably killing her. Feinstone finds Jamie hiding behind some drywall, and after banter between the two, Jamie fires a nail gun repeatedly and hits him with numerous nails. A stunned Feinstone walks downstairs into the midst of a surprise welcome party being given to him by the people of Paradise. Alan calmly exits out the front door, leaving the townpeople shocked and Jamie to recover herself from what just happened. Feinstone is last seen driving off into the night with numerous nails embedded in his head and shoulders. He begins to pull them out, using one as a toothpick for his cap which was lost in his fights with Jamie and Brooke, and maniacally laughs repeatedly as he drives down the road in his car.'] ['Julia , a young teacher for deaf children living in Savannah, Georgia. Julia has horrid memories of her childhood, which was scarred by her sadistic twin sister Mary . At the urging of her uncle, Father James, Julia visits Mary, suffering from a severe skin disease, in a mental institution. The meet does not go well, and Mary vows to make Julia "suffer as she had suffered". As their mutual birthday approaches, several of Julia\'s friends and neighbors begin to die gruesome deaths, some of which committed by a mysterious Rottweiler dog that has some sort of connection to Mary. But is Mary really the killer?'] ['The film begins with a woman running through the woods, who then falls into a stream and disappears. She is filed as a missing person. Meanwhile, four young campers, Craig, Peter, Ingrid, and Joanie back-pack through the mountains for a relaxing weekend in the wilderness. While they are hiking in broad daylight, someone starts killing tourists in the woods. Craig warns the others not to go into the woods alone. The mountains are crawling with nerdy bird-watchers and young couples, most of whom meet gruesome ends at the hands of a deranged and growling woodsman with a sharp spike. As their hike continues, the four campers enter a forest which becomes denser and darker as they progress. Peter  and Ingrid  fear that they are lost. The rest of the terrifying night is spent running and hiding from the maniac murderer  who is constantly in pursuit. Meanwhile, the local sheriff and his deputy decide they should start to investigate the disappearances.'] ['The Astro Investigation and Defence Service  sends Derek, Frank, Ozzy, and Barry to investigate the disappearance of everyone in the town of Kaihoro, New Zealand. They find the town has been overrun by space aliens disguised as humans. Barry kills one of the aliens and is attacked by others. After Derek notifies Frank and Ozzy, he begins torturing Robert, an alien they caught earlier. Robert\'s screaming attracts a number of aliens in the area. Derek kills the would-be rescuers, but he is attacked by Robert and falls over a cliff, to his presumed death. Meanwhile, a charity collector named Giles is passing through Kaihoro. He is attacked by Robert, who has been eating the brains of the alien killed earlier by Barry. Giles escapes in his car and stops at a nearby house for help. Another alien answers the door and captures Giles. He later wakes up in a tub of water and is told he is about to be eaten. Derek also wakes up to find that he landed in a seagull\'s nest. He also finds that his brain is leaking out the back of his head, so he stuffs it back in and uses a hat to hold it in place. That night, Frank, Ozzy, and Barry sneak into the aliens\' house and find a room filled with bloody cardboard boxes. They kidnap an alien and Frank wears its shirt to infiltrate an alien meeting. He finds out that Kaihoro is being harvested for alien fast food. Robert vomits into a bowl, which the aliens dine on, including the disguised  Frank. He escapes and tells the team members of the plan. They sneak out to save Giles as the aliens sleep. At sunrise, they try to leave but are attacked by the aliens. Derek\'s hat is shot off, and he starts losing more of his brain, so he uses his belt as a headband. He grabs a chainsaw from the boot of his car and heads for the alien house. As the boys leave with Robert, the alien leader  and his followers transform into their true form and follow. Ozzy uses a rocket launcher to blow up Frank\'s car, which has been overrun by aliens. Frank and Ozzy hunt for Lord Crumb and kill a lot of aliens along the way. Meanwhile, Derek kills an alien with his chainsaw and replaces the missing parts of his brain with alien brain. An alien prepares to shoot Frank and Ozzy, but it is beheaded by Derek after he bursts through the wall behind it. Frank and Ozzy are shocked to see him alive. As they run, Lord Crumb shoots Ozzy in the leg and Frank fires his rocket launcher at the leader, but it misses and almost hits Derek, finally taking out a sheep in a nearby meadow. Derek is knocked out by the alien leader and the house transforms into a giant space ship, which blasts off into space with Derek still aboard. On board, Derek looks out the window to see that he is leaving Earth. Lord Crumb hears a strange, loud noise and investigates. He is killed by Derek, who ambushes him and cuts the alien in half with his chainsaw. Derek proclaims into his phone: "I\'m born again! I\'m coming to get you bastards!" He then puts on the alien leader\'s skin, laughing maniacally as he rockets towards the alien planet. On Earth, the guys drive away into the sunset in Derek\'s car.'] ['{{plot}} The film opens at Xcalibur Bowling Centre, a disco-themed bowling alley in Surrey, British Columbia. Egerton , the janitor, has allowed two groups of teenagers to bowl against one another after hours. The "prep", Steve , is still bitter after his best friend Jamie , the "jock", had sex with Lisa , a girl with whom Steve was smitten and even took to their senior prom. After Steve and his friends Joey , Patrick  and A.J.  harass the "tranny", Sam , they are chastised by Jamie. This leads to a brawl between Steve\'s team and Jamie\'s. Lisa breaks up the fight by dropping a bowling ball on Steve\'s foot just as Steve is about to kick Jamie again. Egerton, brandishing a shotgun, tells the teenagers to leave and they can continue their tournament the following night. Lisa, having forgot her purse in the arcade, returns to find Steve and his friends waiting for her. Steve proceeds to violently rape Lisa while the others watch. Egerton is oblivious to Lisa\'s cries for help, as he is downstairs cleaning up the mess the teenagers made. After he is finished raping Lisa, Steve leaves the room. A.J. and Joey rape Lisa on the pool table while Steve is gone. Patrick, who believed the three were only going to "scare" Lisa, refuses to participate in the rape. Steve returns with a bowling pin and prepares to insert it into Lisa\'s vagina before Patrick intervenes. Steve retorts by giving Patrick the pin and ordering him to do it himself. Patrick refuses to do so at first but complies when Steve threatens to do the same to him. The four leave Lisa on the pool table, naked and barely conscious. The following night, the two groups arrive at the bowling alley to continue their tournament. Steve is joined by his "bitches", Julia  and Hannah . Jamie arrives late with Lisa, who barely speaks. As the teams begin their first game of the night, Lisa suddenly gets on an elevator. She is confronted by Patrick, who says he\'s only at the bowling alley to apologize. Lisa doesn\'t believe him, and insists that he is only there to make sure that she hasn\'t contacted the police. The players notice a mystery player on the scoreboard, BBK, but believe it is just a glitch. Dave , one of Jamie\'s friends, meets Julia in the bar and pays for two beers she ordered. When he discovers that one of them belongs to Steve, he asks if he can urinate in it. Julia tells him that she doesn\'t care and that she dislikes Steve too but hangs out with him anyways because he\'s dating her friend Hannah. Julia follows Dave into the bathroom and the two begin to make out. A mysterious person wearing bowling attire exits one of the stalls while Dave and Julia are in the "69" position and forces Julia\'s head further onto Dave\'s penis while forcing Dave\'s head further between Julia\'s legs, suffocating them both. After they are dead, two strikes appear next to BBK on the scoreboard in the form of a skull and crossbones. The game continues and Sam excuses herself to the bathroom so she can "freshen up." The person who murdered Dave and Julia is hiding in one of the stalls when Sam enters the girls\' restroom and Sam, frightened by the noise coming from the stall, approaches it and is pulled inside. She tries to bargain with the killer, but the killer murders her by forcing a bowling pin down her throat. The killer lifts up Sam\'s skirt and, using the switchblade Sam tried to defend herself with, cuts Sam\'s penis lengthwise, giving her a "mangina." Ben  and Cindy  leave to have sex in a storage room upstairs, but Ben leaves Cindy alone to get a condom from the bathroom. He dies when the killer hits him over the head with a bowling pin and gouges his eyes out with a sharpened pin. The killer finds Cindy upstairs and strangles her to death with a pair of bowling sneakers. Downstairs, Hannah searches for Julia but dies when the killer crushes her head with two bowling balls. Joey goes back behind the pin setters to fix his team\'s, which they notice is broken. A.J. notices the strikes appearing next to BBK on the scoreboard and questions Egerton about it, who assures him that it is just a glitch. Egerton sends A.J. to an area currently being remodeled with an "out of order" sign to put on an automatic ball polisher that Joey broke earlier. A.J. turns the ball polisher on and finds it already fixed but dies when the killer uses it to wax his face off. Steve, noticing that something is amiss, leaves to find Joey behind the pin setters. Joey lies dead on the ground, headless. Steve is frightened by the killer, who bludgeons him with a bowling pin before sodomizing him with a sharpened pin. As Steve tries to crawl away, the killer smashes his head in with the bowling pin. Meanwhile, Sarah and Jamie continue their game. Jamie reaches into the ball return slot to find his bowling ball, instead discovering Joey\'s severed head. The two try desperately to escape the bowling alley before coming face to face with the killer. They run and hide in the basement, where they find their friends\' bodies. The killer appears with a shotgun and removes the bowling bag to reveal Egerton\'s face. Sarah discovers that Jamie knew about the murders of Steve, Joey and A.J. but not the others. Lisa appears, dressed up as well, revealing it was she that murdered Steve. Jamie explains that Lisa told her father, who turns out to be Egerton, about the rape and Egerton let Jamie in on the plan. When asked why he killed their friends too, Egerton explains that they didn\'t intervene when Lisa reentered the bowling alley and are therefore just as guilty. Another person dressed like the killer or "BBK", as Egerton goes on to explain, enters the basement and removes the bowling bag to reveal Patrick\'s face. Patrick explains that he confessed his involvement to Egerton and wanted to contact the police, but Egerton let him in on the plan instead and he was the person who murdered Joey and A.J., supposedly to make it up to her. Lisa is furious that her father allowed him to live so Egerton betrays Patrick and slits his throat with the switchblade he got from Sam. Jamie, realizing he\'s out of control, wrestles Egerton to the ground and, after a scuffle, blows his head clean off with the shotgun. Lisa cradles her father\'s body before grabbing the switchblade and trying to attack Jamie. Sarah grabs the shotgun and kills Lisa. Sarah shoots the locks off of the emergency doors and the two survivors escape the bowling alley. Traumatized and, above all, upset that Jamie did nothing to prevent the murders, Sarah turns the gun on him. The screen cuts to black and a gunshot is heard.'] ['The plot centers on a group of college students who go up to a typically creepy mansion for spring break. Unfortunately for all, they stumble upon a possessed horror novel, whose story suddenly starts happening in the real world...with deadly results.'] ["The film details the Kelly family living in the fictional town of Oakmoor Crossing, just before and during Halloween. The family, consisting of father David, mother Linda, and son Sean, live a normal suburban life, but are eventually visited by a stranger who identifies herself as Vivian Machen. Both the Machens and the Kellys have a long ancestral history in Oakmoor Crossing, and Vivian reveals that one of the Kelly's ancestors hanged a supposed warlock named Walter Machen, who raised up a pumpkin-headed demon, Jack-O, from hell to take revenge on the Kellys. The Kelly ancestor ended up burying the demon in a shallow grave, but through the antics of several teenagers Jack-O is raised again and seeks revenge on the Kellys."] ['A young woman  is driving alongside a lake. She has an accident and the car plunges into the water. Her body is then possessed by the spirit of an 18th-century witch who was killed by local villagers, and is bent on avenging herself on them.'] ['The film begins with a Brownie troop visiting a doll manufacturing company called Dolls Inc., owned and operated by the seemingly kindly Mr. Franz . As the girls tour the factory, they see a number of very lifelike dolls stored in glass canisters locked in a display case on the wall. These are part of Mr. Franz’s special collection. Sally Reynolds  answers a newspaper advertisement for a secretary; Franz\'s previous one has mysteriously vanished. Although she is concerned about his obsession with his dolls, she reluctantly agrees to take the job. She soon meets a traveling salesman, Bob Westley , who introduces himself as the best salesman in St. Louis and immediately sets about attempting to seduce her. Their relationship become serious enough that Bob persuades Sally to quit her job, promising to break the news to Franz. The next day however, Franz informs Sally that Bob has gone back home to take care of business and that she should forget him. She, however, is unwilling to accept this and goes to the police with a theory about Franz\' role in her boyfriend\'s disappearance , but Sergeant Paterson  is skeptical. Franz has developed a machine which can shrink people down to a sixth of their original size. He then uses it on anyone who tries to leave him. When he finds that Sally plans to quit, she becomes his latest victim. Franz has already miniaturized at least four other "friends". They are stored in suspended animation  in glass jars in a display case in his office. After a reunion between Sally and Bob, Franz reveals how the process works and why he miniaturizes people . Periodically, Franz awakens his captives to enjoy parties he throws for them. During a welcoming party for the two newcomers, Franz has to deal with full-size friend and customer Emil ([[Michael Mark . The prisoners try, but fail to call for help. However, Sergeant Paterson begins investigating Franz, as many people he knows seems to be missing. After Franz is questioned by Paterson, he panics, announcing to his miniature prisoners that he plans to kill them and himself before he can be caught. He takes his troupe to an old theatre, supposedly to test his repairs on Emil\'s marionette. There, he throws one last party, making his captives act out Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde for him. Bob and Sally manage to escape and make it back to Franz\'s workshop. Franz tracks them down, but not before they are able to return themselves to normal size. They leave to fetch the police, despite his feeble pleas. The fate of the other prisoners still miniaturized and frozen is not revealed.'] ["Rachel, a beautiful young artist, is murdered at her secluded lakefront house by a group of soulless killers. Her brother Travis vows to punish her killers one by one - even if it costs him his soul. Guided by his sister's ghostly voice that commands him to take brutal revenge, Travis hunts down each of the killers and punishes them in gruesome fashion. Travis's conscience catches up with him, but his sister's voice and other circumstances push him into much more horrible circumstances than he is already in."] [' Unlike the first two Creepshow installments in which the wraparound element linking the stories was a horror comic, Creepshow III takes an approach similar to Quentin Tarantino\'s Pulp Fiction, in which characters from each story collide with each other during the film. There is also a hotdog stand as a common element in the movie. Brochures, ads and other things from the hotdog stand are peppered throughout.  Alice  is a stuck-up, snotty teenager who comes home to find her father meddling with some kind of universal remote. Whenever she presses one of the buttons on the device, the whole family except for Alice changes ethnicity . During this, Alice gradually mutates into what is supposedly her "true form". Just when Alice thinks everything is back to normal, her father presses another button, revealing Alice\'s true form. Her family is absolutely horrified at the sight of Alice. The story ends with Professor Dayton, the mad scientist from down the street, using another remote control to turn Alice into a white rabbit. Notable in this story is the obvious link to Lewis Carroll\'s Alice in Wonderland. Victor, the vampire, makes an appearance in this story.  Jerry  is a part-time security guard who buys a radio from a homeless street vendor to replace his old one which has stopped working; however, this mysterious new radio is far from ordinary as it can have a conversation with Jerry. Very soon Jerry is stealing money and murdering people, all at the whim of his new radio. After escaping with a hooker who lives in his building, Jerry is told by the radio to kill the hooker or she will kill him. He refuses and destroys the radio. Right after, the hooker finds his gun in the car and shoots Jerry, killing him. Moments after she kills him and wipes the gun clean, she is shot in the head. The shooter is revealed to be the pimp living in the same building as Jerry. When the pimp returns to his car, another radio tells him to go and start a new life. Alice\'s father  also appears in this story, investigating the various murders and strange goings-on taking place. The killer call girl, Rachael, also makes an appearance in this story, as well as the pimp and the two boys from "The Professor\'s Wife".  Rachel, a murderous call girl, receives a request from a shy man named Victor, her newest client. Rachel thinks he will be just another easy victim. When Rachel gets there, scenes of a murdered family with their necks ripped out are flashed on-screen, and there is no evidence of Victor living in the house. Rachel then chains him to the bed and proceeds to stab him in the chest, suffocate him by a pillow over his face, and then has a quick shower. She then keeps hearing Victor\'s voice saying, "You killed me." Rachel removes the pillow and reveals a gruesome creature with a large, toothy mouth. It is then revealed that Victor is a vampire. He kills Rachel and hangs her in the room with the house owners whom he\'s already killed. The two young men from Professor\'s wife and the pimp from The Radio appear in this segment.  Two former students come to visit Professor Dayton and meet his fiancee, Kathy. Having been victims of his practical jokes in the past, they suspect that Kathy is actually a robot, which the professor has supposedly spent the last 20 years working on in his laboratory. She also behaves like a robot and does not eat or drink, which further indicates that she is probably mechanical. When the professor is out of the house, they decide to dismantle Kathy to see what she looks like on the inside. To their utter horror, they learn that Kathy really was a human being after all. The professor later buys an \'advanced\' voodoo kit from the homeless street vendor to put Kathy back together in time for the wedding. Rachael, the killer call girl, makes a brief appearance in this story.  A cruel, miserly doctor, Dr. Farwell, is working a 30-day court-ordered sentence at a free clinic, where he is very insolent and rude towards his patients. He even goes as far as to show no sympathy towards a young girl with a brain tumor and mocks an elderly woman who is going blind. One day he buys a hot dog. Dr. Farwell accidentally drops it on the ground. He sadistically decides to give the dirty hot dog to a homeless man who has been bothering him for some spare change. The homeless man dies after taking one bite, and he returns to haunt the cruel doctor. The story ends with the doctor having a heart attack from having had too many encounters with his ghostly stalker. Victor from "Call Girl" also appears in this segment, and he seems to be in cahoots with Dr. Farwell. The homeless man can be heard muttering, "Thanks for the good dog" to Dr. Farwell throughout the segment, which is no doubt a reference to the somewhat similar "Thanks for the ride, lady!" line from Creepshow 2s final story, "The Hitch-Hiker". The Hispanic woman from "Alice" also makes an appearance in this story. Also, it is revealed that the street vendor/homeless man got the two radios from the professor in "The Professor\'s Wife".'] ["Joan Burrows  returns to her hometown to attend her niece Olympia's  high school graduation, but finds herself confronted by her past in the town. Before the graduation is to occur, a young couple goes missing and within a few days a mutilated body is found in the water during a town fish festival. This initiates flashbacks in which Joan's dark past is learned. When Joan was 16, she and her best friend were kidnapped and tortured by a serial killer by the name of Bishop . Bishop bound Joan and her friend to an autopsy table where one girl was tortured while the other had the power to make it stop simply by demanding the death of the friend."] ['A group of three psychopaths on the run from the law go about terrorizing the local townsfolk of a small community before descending on an isolated farm which is home to a young girl named Lisa and her paralyzed grandfather. After suffering much humiliation at the hands of the gang, Lisa takes a ghastly, murderous revenge.'] ["The film opens with a military veteran helicopter pilot and guide Don Stober  flying individuals above the trees of a vast National Park. He states that the woods are untouched and remain much as they did during the time when the Native Americans lived there. Two female hikers are breaking camp when one of them is attacked and killed by a bear. The second woman finds apparent safety within a nearby cabin until the bear tears down a wall to reach her. The National Park's Chief Ranger Michael Kelly  and photographer Allison Corwin , daughter of the park's restaurant owner, decide to follow a Ranger to the primitive campsite to find the two female hikers. They discover the woman's mangled body inside the destroyed cabin. Allison stumbles across the remains of the first woman while photographing the search. At the hospital, a doctor tells Kelly that the women were killed by a bear. The Park Supervisor Charley Kittridge  blames Kelly, saying the bears were supposed to have been moved from the park by him and Naturalist Arthur Scott  before the tourist season began. Kelly and Kittridge argue over closing the park, and decide to move all hikers off the park's mountain while allowing campers to remain in the lowlands. Kelly calls Scott, who says all bears are accounted for and this specific bear must be unknown to the forest. Stopping for a break near a waterfall while searching the mountain, a female Ranger complains to her male partner that her feet are sore and she is going to go soak them in the stream. Her male partner goes on to search R4 while she approaches the waterfall to soak. She does not see the bear waiting for her under the falls and she is attacked and killed. Kelly recruits the helicopter pilot Stober to assist in the search. Flying above the forest, they see what they believe to be an animal, only to discover the Naturalist Scott adorned in an animal skin while tracking the bear. He informs them the animal they are looking for is a prehistoric grizzly bear  standing at least 15 feet tall. Kelly and Stober scoff at the notion. At the busy lowland campground, the grizzly tears down a tent and kills a woman. Kelly once again insists on closing the park, but Kittridge refuses. The attacks are becoming a national news story and to counteract this, Kittridge allows amateur hunters into the forest. Kelly, Stober and Scott, now a team, are disgusted by this development. Later, a lone hunter is chased by the bear but he evades the animal on foot, falling into a river and floating to safety. Later that night three hunters find a bear cub, that they believe is the cub of the killer grizzly, so they use it as bait for the mother. But the grizzly finds and eats the cub without the hunters noticing. Scott concludes that the bear must be a male. A Ranger at a fire lookout tower on the mountain is attacked by the grizzly, the animal tearing down the structure and killing the Ranger. Kelly and Kittridge continue to argue over closing the park. Frustrated by the politics of the situation, Scott sneaks away to track the grizzly on his own. On the outskirts of the National Park, a mother and child living in a cabin are attacked by the grizzly. The mother is killed and the child survives, but is severely mutilated. Stunned by this development, Kittridge finally allows Kelly to close the park and ban all hunters. Stober and Kelly now go after the elusive grizzly alone, setting up a trap by hanging a deer carcass from a tree. The grizzly goes for the bait and the men chase the animal through the woods. When they return, they discover the grizzly has tricked them and taken the deer carcass. Tracking on horseback, Scott finds the remains of the carcass and calls Stober and Kelly on the radio. He is going to drag the deer behind his horse and create a trap by leading the grizzly towards them. The grizzly surprises Scott, killing his horse and knocking him unconscious. Scott awakens to find himself alive, but half-buried in the ground. The grizzly immediately returns and kills him. Kelly and Stober discover Scott's body and in despair, decide to return to the helicopter to find the grizzly from the air. They immediately spot the bear in a clearing and quickly land. The grizzly attacks the helicopter, swiping the craft causing Stober to be thrown clear. The grizzly kills Stober and then turns on Kelly, who frantically pulls a bazooka from the helicopter. Before the bear can reach him, Kelly fires the bazooka at the grizzly, killing the animal instantly. For several seconds, Kelly sadly stares at the burning remains of the grizzly and then walks towards Stober's body.  Released in May 1976, less than one year after Jaws, Grizzly was criticized as being a thinly veiled rip-off of the now-classic shark thriller.{{cite web}}{{cite news}} Like Jaws, Grizzly has an unusually large animal preying upon unsuspecting tourists, one of whom is played by Susan Backlinie, who also played the shark's first victim in the celebrated opening scene of Jaws. Christopher George plays Chief Ranger Michael Kelly, skilled at his job but lacking experience when dealing with the dangers of bears, a role similar to Roy Scheider's Police Chief Martin Brody in Jaws. Kelly must rely on the expertise of naturalist Arthur Scott , just as Brody recruits marine scientist Matt Hooper . Kelly is thwarted by Supervisor Charley Kittridge , who refuses to close the National Park for political reasons. In Jaws, Brody is refused permission to close the summer beaches by Mayor Larry Vaughn . A bounty is put on the grizzly bear, just as an award is offered for the shark in Jaws. The bounty leads to chaos, as hundreds of hunters fill the woods in Grizzly, while huge numbers of boats filled with hunters leave the harbor in Jaws. During the final hunt for the grizzly bear, Kelly is led by helicopter pilot, Vietnam War veteran and forest guide Don Stober , just as Brody's shark expedition is led by boat captain, World War II veteran and sea guide Quint ([[Robert Shaw . The bear in Grizzly is killed in similar fashion to the shark in Jaws in that both creatures' destruction is dramatized by a large explosion."] ['Mineralogist Paul Carlson  is struck by a lunar meteorite while observing a meteor shower. Lodged in his brain, the meteorite causes him to transform into a strong and vicious lizard  whenever the moon comes out. In his lizard form, Paul loses all traces of his human self and goes about killing people at random. While human, Paul is subject to spells of dizziness and nausea, causing his girlfriend Kathy Nolan  and friend and former teacher Johnny Longbow  to become concerned. Eventually it is shown that Paul is the monster, and deduced that the meteorite fragment in his brain is the cause of his transformations. Plans are made to remove it from his skull, but the NASA brain surgeons realize, after another X-ray and Johnny remembering some Native American legends documenting similar phenomena, that the meteorite has disintegrated and will eventually cause Paul to self-combust. When Paul learns of this, he escapes into the desert, presumably to kill himself so he will not cause any more harm. Kathy, Johnny, and the local law enforcement follow him, and Johnny shoots him with an arrow made of the original meteorite, which causes him to explode.'] ["Searching for the cure for cancer, a scientist creates a chemical that promotes cell growth. After being visited by a drug addict, the drugs and the cure are mixed up and misused by him and several prostitutes. They become zombified and begin biting people nearby. A small group of exotic dancers team up with the prostitutes' former pimp to defend their strip club, the Grindhouse, against a horde of blood-thirsty zombies. Four strippers in a nightclub, after their dance routines are over and the club is closing for the night, walk over to a nearby cafeteria for breakfast, when some hookers turn into zombies and attack them. Except for one stripper Pandora, played by Juliet Reeves, who couldn't make it till the end, the other 3 ladies manage to fight and decimate all the zombies and survive through it all. The prettiest and tallest of the 3 surviving strippers is Dakota, played by Playboy playmate Jessica Barton. She is the most popular  stripper of the club, but that comes with quite some attitude. During the course of the movie, she gives a lap dance to one of her lovers, but then he gets bitten and turns into a zombie. Dakota has to blow this lover-turned-zombie  with her gun. The second stripper is Dallas, played by Miss Oahu Lyanna Tumaneng. She is clearly the most courageous of the trio, as she braved zombie attacks to get the zombie antidote from the laboratory. The male lead Chris, played by Sean Harriman, was on the same mission alongside Dallas and managed to inject himself with the zombie antidote that they found in the lab. Eventually, Chris falls in love with her. The third stripper is Chris' sister Harley, played by Playboy playmate Hollie Winnard. She is a single mom of a little daughter and they stay with Chris and their grandmother. This was Harley's very first night at the club, where she plays a nervous rookie and she performs a quick but funny tease. As the battle between the zombies and the remaining survivors heats up, the zombies start to get the upper hand. Though the survivors are locked inside a safe room, the buxom hooker-turned-zombie named Pamela, as played by Stephanie Miller, manages to get inside. In the skirmish, Chris loses to her strength, as Pamela bites him and takes a chunk off his forehead. But thanks to the zombie antidote in his blood, Pamela is soon blown to smithereens. Harley and Dakota do not understand what happened, so Dallas explains that exposing Chris' blood to the zombies is a sure way to destroy them all. To test the idea, Chris offers his right hand to a zombie outside the door, and upon biting Chris, that zombie is blown apart as well. Seeing the plan work so well, Dakota suggests that they should let 2 zombies into the room. The plan works well for the first couple of times, as 2 zombies are let into the room at a time, and after biting the shoulders of Chris, they are blown apart. But soon, a very weakened Chris collapses on the floor. Hell breaks loose, as all the remaining zombies manage to break into the room and attack them. With no other option to save the 3 girls, Chris gets up for his final action. He requests his sister Harley to take care of her daughter Jenna, whom Chris used to babysit back at home. He then gives a farewell kiss to his love interest Dallas. Chris offers himself to the pack of zombies, with the girls making no effort at all to stop him from doing so. At the outset, the zombies cut through Chris' ribs and eat up his heart, as the girls look on. Within a very short time, the zombies finish him off and then blow themselves apart as expected. The devouring of Chris by the zombies happens at a pretty high speed, instead of his arms, legs, torso, etc. being chomped step-by-step. Finally, all that is left of Chris are just some blood and flesh splattered on the club floor, along with that of the exploded zombies. With all zombies finally eliminated, the 3 girls wipe the goo off their hair and walk out of the nightclub in supermodel catwalk style, smiles of victory writ large on their face. Their outfits are still smeared with flesh and blood of zombies and Chris alike. Out in the open daylight, Dallas smilingly comments to Harley that they had a rough last night. Harley replies that it wasn't as much fun as she had hoped."] ["Dr. Terror's House of Horrors is a portmanteau film consisting of five stories within a frame story. Five men enter a train carriage in London bound for Bradley, and are joined by a sixth, the mysterious Doctor Schreck . Schreck is the German word for terror, hence the title of the film. It also recalls Max Schreck, the actor who played the title role in the 1922 vampire classic Nosferatu. During the journey, the doctor opens his pack of Tarot cards and proceeds to reveal the destinies of each of the travellers. This provides the framework to tell five horror stories. The first story concerns an architect, Jim Dawson ([[Neil McCallum , who travels to a Scottish island to his former house to make alterations requested by the new owner, Mrs. Biddulph . Mrs. Bidduplh is described as a widow who bought the house to seek solitude to recover from the death of her husband. Behind a fake wall in the cellar, he finds the coffin of Count Cosmo Valdemar, who had owned the house centuries ago. Valdemar was killed in a conflict with the Dawson family, and had vowed to exact revenge on the owner of the house and reclaim his former home. Dawson soon discovers that Valdemar is emerging to take the form of a werewolf in the night, and believes the house maid was killed by him. Believing the owner, Mrs. Biddulph's life to be in danger, he melts a cross made out of silver by his ancestors to protect the house from Valdemar's spirit, to make silver bullets, which according to legend are the only means of killing a werewolf. On the night he encounters the wolf as it is about to attack Mrs. Biddulph and shoots, he is baffled that the bullets don't kill it. Mrs. Biddulph then reveals that she had switched the silver bullets with ordinary ones. She reveals to Dawson that the true legend was that Valdemar would exact revenge on the last descendants of the Dawson clan, and that the placing of Dawson's body in place of Valdemar's in the coffin, would bring Valdemar back to life in human form. She reveals she was Valdemar's wife who had deliberately lured Dawson to kill him, even after 200 years. The second story has Bill Rogers  and his family returning from vacation to discover a fast-growing vine has installed itself in the garden. When the plant seems to respond violently to attempts to cut it down, Rogers goes to the Ministry of Defence, where he gets advice from a couple of scientists . It soon turns out that the plant has become intelligent, and harbours homicidal tendencies towards any threats to its existence. Story three is the intentionally humorous one. Biff Bailey  is a jazz musician who accepts a gig in the West Indies, and foolishly steals a tune from a local voodoo ceremony. When he tries to use the tune as a melody in a jazz composition back in London, there are dire consequences. Castle was a last-minute replacement for Acker Bilk, who had suffered a heart attack. Castle's band was played by the Tubby Hayes Quintet, a leading British modern jazz group of the time. Castle, when appearing to play with the band on-screen, actually mimes the trumpet part to the soundtrack recording of trumpeter Shake Keane. Next is the tale of Franklyn Marsh , an art critic who seems more concerned with his own devastating wit than art itself. Painter Eric Landor  bears the brunt of one of Marsh's tirades, but gets even by humiliating the critic publicly. When Landor takes it too far, Marsh responds in violent fashion causing Landor to lose one of his hands. Unable to paint any more, Landor commits suicide. Marsh is then tormented by the disembodied hand, which seems immune to fire as well as escaping attempts at containing it. Lastly, Dr. Bob Carroll  returns to his home in the United States with his new French bride Nicolle . Soon there is evidence that a vampire is on the loose, and Carroll seeks the aid of his colleague Dr. Blake , only to find out that his bride is the vampire. Following Blake's advice, Carroll kills Nicolle. But when the police come to arrest Carroll under the charge of his wife's murder, Blake denies giving any such advice. When the police takes away Carroll, Blake says that there is not enough place in the city for two doctors or two vampires, and he himself turns into a bat. The frame story ends with a twist: From the Tarot cards, the doctor informs the men that the only way they can avoid these horrible destinies is by dying first. When the train stops, the men find out that they are dead, having already perished in a train wreck; and Doctor Schreck is revealed to be Death himself."] ['Anna Quarrels , the new librarian in the Rare Books Room, was doing her job when the edgy Mr. Jamison from the University of Chicago came in wanting to see Mary Shelley\'s original manuscript for "Frankenstein, or The Modern Prometheus". Anna did everything right  before she laid the precious manuscript in his hands. When he had finished, she prepared to tuck it back into the stacks. Imagine her surprise when she discovered that he had switched blank paper for the manuscript and walked out of the library with it. Checking his I.D., she learns that it was false, so she hires a quirky Private Detective, David Raleigh , who works out of his video store, to track him down. By dusting the sign-in sheet, David is able to lift a set of the man\'s fingerprints and, after running them through the National Fingerprint Clearinghouse, he finds out that the man\'s name is really Dr. Winston Berber. Now it is only a matter of finding Winston Berber and getting back Shelley\'s manuscript. Meanwhile, Berber  is gloating over his collection of rare manuscripts. Along with Shelley\'s manuscript, he\'s now obtained the originals of Guy Endore\'s "The Werewolf of Paris"  and James Putnam\'s "Mummy" . He needs only to get the first edition of Bram Stoker\'s "Dracula" , and his collection will be complete. Berber needs the manuscripts because, even with four doctorate degrees in Physics, Mathematics, Folklore, and Philosophy, he is a nebbish. Consequently, he has created an "Archetype Inducer" and plans to bring to life the four greatest monsters from horror history -- the Mummy, the Wolfman, Dracula, and Frankenstein\'s monster -- in order to do his bidding. Two weeks have passed, and David has been so busy at the video store that he has not yet located Berber. Not to worry. Berber shows up at the library looking for the first edition of "Dracula" and Anna recognizes him. Holding Berber at bay with a pair of scissors, she phones David and tells him to hurry over to the library. Before David can get there, however, Berber zaps Anna with a taser, steals "Dracula", and takes both the book and Anna to his laboratory. When Anna comes to, she finds herself cuffed to a table. Berber informs her that she is just what he needs -- a virgin between the ages of 20 and 35 -- to sacrifice naked in order to make the Archetype Inducer work. Suddenly, David breaks into the lab, having gotten Berber\'s address off his computer at the video store. He knocks Berber out and releases Anna. Anna grabs all the manuscripts, and they hightail it out of the lab. Unfortunately, they weren\'t quick enough. Berber had already turned on the Archetype Inducer. While David and Anna are making their getaway, four figures step out of the machine -- the Mummy , the Frankenstein monster , the Wolfman , and Dracula  -- only they are midgets. Dracula is not happy that he has been brought to life as a three foot midget, but Berber assures him that he can change that if he can get his hands on Anna, who is now part of the equation. So the monsters offer to get her for him. Meanwhile, Anna isn\'t too happy either about the bill that David sent her for his services...$6,200. Anna\'s supervisor, Miss Christina , isn\'t happy either because Anna keeps dodging her advances. When Anna once again dodges her advances, Christina stays late at the library in order to make love to the first edition of "Jane Eyre" in the Rare Book Reading Room. When she hears noise out on the floor, she goes to investigate and falls prey to Dracula\'s net. Now it\'s Berber who isn\'t happy, because Christina is not Anna, and he must have Anna for the procedure to work. However, Dracula forces him to try it anyway. Berber switches on the machine, Christina disappears then reappears as a Viking then disappears again. True to Berber\'s word, the procedure didn\'t work, so the monsters set out again to find Anna. First stop is David\'s house, where Dracula attempts to wrest Anna\'s address out of him, but David refuses to comply. When Dracula tries to bite his neck, David flashes the crucifix on his necklace, says, "Thank God I\'m a Catholic," and races out the door. The monsters and Berber follow him, assuming that he will lead them to Anna. David leads them to the library. The monsters attempt to capture Anna, but David grabs Berber and threatens to break his neck if they don\'t leave Anna alone. David pulls out Berber\'s taser and threatens Dracula, who simply zaps it, causing it to explode. Anna and David are taken back to the lab where Berber again prepares for the procedure. When Dracula asks for assurance that it will work this time, Berber won\'t guarantee it because Anna is not a virgin. Dracula suggests that they find another woman, a virgin this time, to go through the procedure along with Anna, but Berber says that will unbalance things. The only way to keep everything balanced is to find an opposite to Anna -- a male virgin. After asking David about his virginity, Dracula is assured that he is indeed a virgin, and the preparations continue while David tries to come up with a catch. At the last minute, Anna has an idea. She points out to the monsters that, if they stay in the real world, they will eventually die like all humans do. However, if they return to the pages of the novels from whence they came, they will live on forever as the legends they are. Just as Berber pushes the red button to start the machine working, David and Anna escape from their cuffs. Instead of them being sucked into the machine, Christina the Viking reappears, grabs Berber, and they both disappear again. Anna and David conclude that the machine turned them into archetypes of a Viking and a mad scientist. Having had a little time to ponder, Dracula tells David to press the red button again. They have chosen to return to their own lands as the legends they are rather than to die in the real world, he explains. Before the monsters are sucked back into the pages of their respective novels, Dracula tells Anna that she is wise "for someone who has not yet lived a single lifetime. But do not fear," he adds, "we will always be with you...in your nightmares." Epilogue: Anna shows up at David\'s video store, gives him a check for his services, and informs him that Berber\'s lab has been torn down. She also gives him a book, the first English language edition of Venus in Furs. David thanks her and admits that he saw the movie. "1970, directed by Jess Franco , starring Klaus Kinski. Actually, there was an earlier version directed by Larry Buchanan, the guy who did Zontar: The Thing from Venus . Actually, I think there\'s a \'94 version but it\'s all in Dutch...," he drones on. Anna interrupts him with a kiss.'] ['The hand of a dead astronaut washes up on the beach and possesses the college student who takes it home. The student is slowly transformed by the hand and begins killing people in a small town.'] ['In New York City, a sniper perched on a water tower opens fire on the crowded streets below, killing fifteen pedestrians. Peter Nicholas , a Catholic NYPD detective, arrives at the scene and approaches the sniper as police officers surround the building. Before jumping to his death, the sniper, Harold Gorman, tells Nicholas that God had told him to commit the murders. A traumatized Nicholas is left to wonder how Gorman could have aimed accurately at his distance with a mail order rifle. Nicholas investigates a series of murders being committed by various random, seemingly normal assailants, who claim that God told them to kill. Nicholas finds that the murderers have been influenced by a religious cult leader, Bernard Phillips ([[Richard Lynch  whose origins are a mystery.'] ['The film retells the haunting legend about The Bell Witch of Adams, Tennessee, a historically documented haunting that took place in the early 19th century. The film is described as a love story turned tragic when entangled with the legendary haunting of the Bell Witch. After stumbling across an ancient burial , brothers John Jr. and Williams Bell bring a strange curse home to their family causing their father, John, and sister, Betsy, to experience phantom attacks in the night and strange visions during the day.'] ["Set in 1806, the film tells the story of a lost French soldier named Andre Duvalier  saved by a strange young woman named Helene ([[Sandra Knight . She looks like Ilsa, the baron's  wife, who died 20 years before. Andre begins an investigation to uncover who the woman really is, and stumbles upon a hidden secret of the Baron: he had found Ilsa sleeping with another man named Eric, and in his rage the Baron killed the two of them. Or so he explained. All the while, the phantom of Ilsa remained under the control of a peasant witch , who has commanded the ghost to torment the Baron for the previous two years. Over the course of the film, Ilsa's ghost beseeches the Baron to kill himself, so they could be together. After much hesitation, the Baron decides to do so, perhaps to atone for his crimes. During the climactic scenes, Andre, as well as the Baron's butler Stefan , try to stop him, eventually forcing the witch into compliance. Here it is revealed that the witch Katrina is in fact the mother of Eric, who was allegedly killed by the Baron twenty years before, and that is why she has tried to make him commit suicide and damn his soul to hell in the process. In a stunning revelation, Stefan reveals that Eric never died, that it was the Baron who was killed. Eric then took the Baron's place, living his life until he deluded himself into thinking he was the Baron. Katrina, realizing her folly only too late, goes with the two men to stop Eric from flooding the castle crypt and killing himself. However, she is unable to go into the mausoleum, being a witch and therefore of evil association, and ends up being struck by lightning and burning to death outside the gate. In the climax of the film, Ilsa's ghost attempts to kill Eric while the crypt floods, and Stefan joins the struggle. However, by the time Andre gains access to the crypt, it is already flooding and crumbling, and he is only able to carry Helene's body away. The two share a touching moment together outside, only to have Helene begin to rapidly decompose and melt. Katrina's familiar hawk flies away as Helene turns to nothing."] ['After a disturbing title sequence establishing dread and foreboding in a salvage yard, the film proper begins with Claire closing out her graveyard shift at the convenience store. She is to be picked up by her boyfriend and driven home but instead someone else, who identifies himself as "Duke" is driving her boyfriend\'s truck. After an unsettling ride home during which Duke makes increasingly overt sexual comments about her, Claire closes herself into the safety of her house, but Duke shows up at her door again, claiming she has dropped an earring. Claire refuses to let him in, and he drops the earring on her front porch and apparently leaves. Claire spends several agonizing moments crouched in the doorway retrieving the earring, but upon successfully recapturing it and pulling the door closed, finds her back door has swung open. Duke has entered the house from the rear and proceeds to brutally murder Claire. Claire awakens at the convenience store again, and all seems well. She decides that she has had a bad dream. She begins to repeat her day, except this time her boyfriend does come to pick her up, and she makes it home and to school. However, unsettling hints begin to appear. The sequence of events once again leads to a moment where Claire is being murdered, and she again awakens in the convenience store. As each sequence leads towards her death, she hears from time to time people who she trusts talking just out of earshot about how she is "catching on." Finally she puts together the clues and realizes that not only has Duke been killed by the local police, but that she herself is missing and presumed dead, as is her boyfriend Jimmy.'] ["A former actor named Travis Anderson lives in a castle with two bodyguards. A book publisher and his crew sneak in to take photos, thinking the castle is empty. They are discovered and are asked to leave immediately. But then Travis recognizes one of the girls as his former girlfriend, Edith. He relents and lets them stay the night. The evil spirit of a former resident known as 'the Crimson Executioner' is then released by accident. The spirit possesses Travis, who begins punishing his guests for their  physical and spiritual imperfections."] ['{{plot}} The film opens with Brandon , Tony , Brittany  and Tiffa  arriving at the fast food restaurant "Hella Burger". While there, the group are continuously insulted over the intercom system, causing a furious Tony to enter. As he searches, he is attacked by the restaurant\'s mascot, Horny the Clown. Brandon soon enters, only to find Tony dead in the deep fat fryer before he is attacked and butchered by Horny with a meat cleaver. Horny proceeds outside and murders Brittany and Tiffa. Meanwhile, Mackenzie  is having a house party with her boyfriend Fisher , and friends Val , Van  and Starfire . The group find a ouija board and decide to ask it what their future will hold, to which the ouija board spells out "N1KLPL8", a message that is unclear until the next day when the group see a news bulletin, showing the message is the license plate on Brandon\'s car. The following day at school, Val is attacked by Horny in the locker room. Mackenzie complains that someone stole her camera at the party, but after school the janitor, Lenny , gives her the camera. Mackenzie stays behind to develop the photos, to find they reveal the deaths of the four murdered teenagers. Horny chases Mackenzie into the gymnasium, where she finds Val\'s head has been placed in a modified microwave, that when turned on causes her head to explode. Horny chases Mackenzie throughout the school, where she finds Lenny has been hung, before bumping into a police officer, who fails to find any bodies. Mackenzie is taken down to the police station with her Mom, Marcia  and Dad, Bill  to be questioned by Detective Brenda  and Detective Dwayne . The two detectives don\'t believe Mackenzie\'s story however, and suspect Lenny as the killer. The next day, the detectives visit Jack Benjamin , the owner of Hella Burger, who proves to be no help in solving the case. That night, Mackenzie and Fisher get ready to work at a carnivals haunted house. As they work, they have an argument with Chad  and Tina , before they go into the ride. Suddenly, the lights are switched off and Chad is decapitated, before Tina is stabbed to death by Horny. Mackenzie and Starfire enter the haunted house after it breaks down. They find Fisher in a state of shock after witnessing the murders. Mackenzie goes to visit Fisher in the hospital with Marcia. Mackenzie becomes annoyed with Marcia as she believes she is hiding something from her, as all the murdered teenagers are the children of her old high-school friends. Detective Chase overhears this and questions Tinas father, Bert . Meanwhile, Fisher drugs Detective Crockers to get out of the hospital and Mackenzie receives a note from Horny saying "4:20". The pair meet up and realize the message is referring to 420 crew, consisting of Chuck , Spanky  and Carrie , who are stoned at the Hella Burger. Horny soon arrives and butchers Chuck and Spanky with his cleaver. As Mackenzie arrives home, Marcia tells her that when she was young, her and her friends accidentally murdered Archie Benjamin , Jack Benjamin\'s son, on his 18th birthday at Hella Burger. The group kept it a secret and the police thought it was an accident. After this, Mackenzie goes to visit Jack with Fisher, Starfire and Van. The group split up, but Van soon finds Starfire has been murdered, her corpse shoved into a freezer in the garage. Horny quickly appears and slices Van in half. Mackenzie and Fisher are next attacked, resulting in Mackenzie being knocked unconscious and Fisher being cornered. Horney somehow makes Fisher\'s eyes turn bloody red, before he throws him through a window. Meanwhile, Detective Chase and Detective Crockers come to the house and find Jack Benjamin behind his own bed, trying to hide from Archie. Mackenzie wakes up in a Hella Burger, bound to a chair, surrounded by her murdered friends. A birthday cake is in front of her, as it is now her birthday. Horny appears and pours gasoline over her, before Marcia arrives and shoots Horny. Marcia tries to free Mackenzie, but Horny is still alive and knocks out Marcia. While this happens, Mackenzie drinks a bottle of whiskey she had, and as Horny taunts her with a lit candle, she sprays the whiskey onto the flame, setting Horny on fire. Mackenzie and Marcia leave as Horny burns alive. Mackenzie and Marcia rush to the hospital to see Fisher, who was described as in critical condition. However, Fisher wakes up from his coma, still with blood shot eyes, revealing Archie has possessed him. Fisher escapes the hospital. Meanwhile, Detective Crockers is ordering food at Hella Burger before Horny jumps on his car and murders him through the windshield after saying, "Have a hella nice day!".'] ['"Everyone knows someone who\'s had a run-in with an angry racoon. Some people even believe that racoons are smarter than people."{{cite web}} Outside the small rural town of Independence, college buddies Ty Smallwood  and Zach  join a small group of college students visiting the Raccoon Creek Campground to have what they hope will be the best summer break of their lives. Their hopes are dashed when they have run-ins with frat guys, rednecks, hippies, bible students, and an inept set of camp counselors. Things go from bad to worse when they discover that maniacal raccoons have targeted the camp with an intention to wreak havoc on all humanity. When one camper is murdered, the rest seek revenge and retaliation.'] ['The story takes place at St. Mark\'s, a Catholic boarding school for girls. One day, a young student, Elizabeth, is studying in a classroom on the third floor, when without warning, she is attacked by unseen evil forces. One of St. Mark\'s priests, Father Drake, attempts to save Elizabeth from the apparently demonic aggressor, but he quickly proves to be powerless against it, and the girl vanishes without a trace. The school is immediately shut down, and all of the students are removed from campus by worried families. Five years later, the school reopens. A harsh headmistress, Miss Pearce, rules the girls with an iron fist; Father Drake remains at the school as a teacher, but because of the disappearance of Elizabeth he has become a drunkard, found by Miss Pearce at a bar. Five troubled and unwanted girls are left by their families at the school: Alex, Mara, Cecilia — who is blind, Leah, and Connie. The girls are strictly forbidden to go to the third floor . Cecilia and Mara enter the third floor, prompting Miss Pearce to punish the responsible party. Alex takes the blame and is severely beaten with a ruler. Alex begins to have visions of Elizabeth being possessed by a demon. Other strange things begin to happen, revealing that all five of the girls possess supernatural gifts. Connie is a "conduit," or a magnet for spirit activity, Leah can pass through objects , Cecilia has "second sight" or what the viewer could interpret as ESP, Mara can heal recent wounds , and Alex has telekinesis. It is revealed that Miss Pearce has brought the girls to the school for a very specific reason and is seen conjuring them to a pentagram on the third floor, after which Connie appears to be possessed. A possessed Connie then attempts to drown Leah and the demon passes into her while Connie falls dead. Leah/Legion  goes to confront Father Drake, revealing the name of the demon: Legion. They argue, Father Drake attempts to exorcise her, and Leah uses her new found demon powers to stab him with gold crucifixes. Alex, Mara, and Cecilia have been reading Elizabeth\'s journal  and have learned enough about Legion to know that they need to escape. They split up to search for the others, Mara finding Father Drake, Alex finding Connie, and Cecilia running into the demon. After a prolonged fight where Cecilia is severely bloodied and Leah\'s head is smashed in with a book, Legion moves on to Cecilia and grants her "first sight." Terrified, Mara and Alex try to flee, but Ms. Pearce locks them in and breaks Mara\'s healing hand. It is revealed that she is Elizabeth\'s sister, trying to save her from Legion. Mara and Alex then hole up in the bedroom and use Connie\'s spellbook to create a protective circle. Cecilia/Legion finds them and while cannot initially penetrate the circle, uses her own blood to cover over the lines and then possesses Mara. Miss Pearce is in another part of the building, chanting and Elizabeth\'s body slowly begins to appear before vanishing again. Mara is chasing Alex, who gets stabbed in the stomach. Miss Pearce begs Legion to let Elizabeth go, but they state that they only have 4 girls and the deal was for 5. Alex then uses her own powers of telekinesis to force Legion out of Mara and into Miss Pearce before ramming the demon\'s head through a crucifix. Mara and Alex collapse and presumably several hours later, Mara awakes and heals herself, but is unable to heal Alex in time. She begins to leave and encounters Virgil . Elizabeth comes running down the stairs, whole and alive, and greets him as father . He is happy and excited, until a bloody Miss Pearce grabs him by the throat and transfers Legion to him. Elizabeth screams and cries as the film ends.'] ["English police are baffled after a number of children are brutally murdered. Alice  takes a profound interest in the murders as her own son, Daniel, was killed years ago and she is haunted by recurring nightmares. The event replays in her mind, as she remembers walking her son home late one night when they stop to rest on a park bench. They sit next to a clown, who gives Daniel a balloon. A man then rushes at them from the darkness and kills Daniel, injuring his mother. Alice clearly remembers the man's face. The same man has been spotted close to each of the murders in the current slayings. She confides this to Detective Weiss, the investigating officer. Alice finds and confronts the man, and holds a gun to his head but can't bring herself to kill him. She instead takes him prisoner in an effort to hear his story. The man's name is Sam and informs Alice that he is hunting a creature from hell who kills children. Alice is unsure whether to believe him when she receives a call informing her that another child has been killed in front of witnesses, who report the murderer as being a clown. It is now that she comes to the realization that it wasn't Sam who killed her child but the clown and that her memory was wrong. She agrees to help Sam, who has been present at the murders not as a perpetrator but as the hunter of the monster, known as the Hellbreed. Meanwhile, Detective Weiss has pulled up Alice's files and it is revealed that she has been committed to a mental institution in 1989. She escaped in 1995 and is still wanted by the authorities. Alice is handcuffed and taken to the institute. Outside they encounter the Hellbreed who kills Detective Weiss but leaves Alice unharmed and backs away. Sam arrives and kills the Hellbreed. The film is interspersed with footage of Alice being interviewed, supposedly back at the institution after the events occurred. In this way she acts as a narrator. It is seen at that Alice has not obtained peace and breaks down in front of the camera before the image fades to black."] ['A maid , a psychotic chauffer  and an international terrorist  attempt to kidnap a wealthy ten-year-old boy from his elegant London townhouse. However, a Black Mamba is loose in the house and upsets their plans.'] ['When a series of unexplained vicious animal attacks strikes his community, Sheriff Jim Tanner and his assistant Barbara trace them back to a Dr. Hyde, a former military researcher whose government funding for a dinosaur cloning project was cut. When the Pentagon discovers Hyde obtained foreign backing to continue his experiments, they send in a strike team to save Tanner and Barbara and stop Hyde.'] ['Sam Tiler  has been struggling to recover from the encounter with the Mutated Snowman known as Jack Frost , ever since he rampaged through his hometown last Christmas. To get away from the stress, Sam\'s wife, Anne  suggests a tropical vacation in a cabana far away in the Pacific for the wedding of his deputy, Joe Foster  and his secretary Marla . Sam reluctantly agrees, after reinforcement from his doctor . Meanwhile, the FBI has dug up the anti-freeze used to dissolve Jack in the first movie, attempting to test it for remains of the genetic material. One of the janitors  accidentally spills a cup of coffee into the tank of antifreeze, waking Jack up and causing him to reform and break free. He heads for the tropics, due to the idea that since Sam was wounded by Jack  in the first movie, and his blood dripped into the anti-freeze used to dissolve him, Jack is linked to Sam\'s psyche. Sam, Anne, Marla and Joe, arrive at the tropics to a greeting by the eccentric Colonel Hickering  and his assistants Captain Fun  and Bobby . The festivities quickly begin, but things get deadly when Jack washes ashore and kills three ladies by: transforming himself into an ice anvil and crushing Ashlea , impaling his icicles into Paisley , and stabbing a pair of tongs into Rose \'s eyes. The next morning, the Colonel discovers the bodies and tries to cover up the whole mess, as he does not want this to ruin his resort. However, the island\'s manager, Agent Manners , suspects that Jack has returned. Jack continues his rampage, killing a beach model named Sarah  by making her head explode  and stabbing her cameraman  to death with his carrot nose. Sam begins to suspect that something is amiss when he runs into Manners, who agrees to an alliance in order to stop Jack Frost. Sam, the Colonel, and Manners stage a trap to capture Jack. This fails as the snowman they capture was really the Colonel in costume. Jack, after slaying another beach model named Cindy  by drowning her in the pool by freezing it, decides that the tropics are a bit too warm and freezes the place, causing it to snow and freeze the lifeguard . The party guests begin to play around in snowball fights when Jack enters the fray, killing at least another dozen. Sam, Anne, Marla, Manners and Joe lock themselves up in their room, using anti freeze to keep Jack at bay. Sam and Manners decide to find help, and end up finding a room where the Colonel, Captain Fun, and Bobby have barricaded themselves in. Sam asks the three of them where they can find anti-freeze, to which Bobby suggests they use the coolant in the freezer . Luring Jack into a trap, Sam once again tricks Jack into a pool of anti-freeze. Unfortunately, this does not work, as Jack has become much more resilient to the anti-freeze due to his time in the lab. Jack spits out a snowball and flees, followed by Manners, into the woods. Sam, Anne, and the others observe a snowball. The snowball "hatches" and becomes a baby snowman, who kills Captain Fun. They trap the snowman in a blender and try many different ways of killing it, all of which fail. Meanwhile, Manners has followed Jack to a shed, where he sees that Jack has spit up many, many snowball children. He calls the others and tells them what he has seen, but before leaving he is attacked and devoured by the tiny snowmen. Sam, in panic since the antifreeze does not work, is pushed to the side as Anne takes charge in order get Joe and Colonel to go around the island to trap as many of the snowmen as they can until the supply boat  comes, while Bobby, Marla and Sam wait back in the kitchen. During the search, the snowmen kill seven more tourists. Eventually, Anne realizes that they can be killed by bananas, due to Sam being allergic to bananas. As a result, Jack would share the same vulnerabilities, since he absorbed some of Sam\'s genetics in Snowmonton. This angers Jack, who stabs Colonel through the head with an icicle from behind and slits Bobby\'s throat with another icicle. Marla and Joe flee and lock themselves in the freezer with Captain Fun\'s body, while Anne is attacked by Jack. Sam snaps out of his paranoia and shoots Jack with a banana attached to an arrow, causing him to explode. Anne and Sam embrace each other, and walk towards the ocean, prepared to leave the island with any of the other surviving guests. During the credits the two sailors on the supply boat are crushed by a giant carrot, implying Jack is still alive and that there will be a sequel. After the credits roll, we\'re shown that Joe and Marla were accidentally left in the freezer by Sam and Anne, and it\'s implied that the couple froze to death in the freezer.'] ["In 1906, Professor Alexander Saxton , a renowned British anthropologist, is returning to Europe by the Trans-Siberian Express from China to Moscow. With him is a crate containing the frozen remains of a primitive humanoid creature that he discovered in a cave in Manchuria. He hopes it is a missing link in human evolution. Doctor Wells , Saxton's friendly rival and Royal Society colleague, is also on-board but travelling separately. Before the train departs Shanghai, a thief is found dead on the platform. His eyes are completely white and without irises or pupils, and a bystander initially mistakes him for a blind man. A monk named Father Pujardov , the spiritual advisor to a Polish Count and Countess who are also waiting to board the train, proclaims the contents of the crate to be evil. Saxton furiously dismisses this as superstition. Saxton's eagerness to keep his scientific find secret arouses the suspicion of Wells, who bribes a porter to investigate the crate. The porter is killed by the ape-like creature within, which then escapes the crate by picking the lock. The creature finds more victims as it roams the moving train, each victim being found with the same opaque, white eyes. An autopsy suggests that the brains of the victims are being drained of memories and knowledge. When the creature is gunned down by police Inspector Mirov, the threat seems to have been vanquished. Saxton and Wells discover that images are retained in a liquid found inside the eyeball of the corpse, which reveal a prehistoric Earth and a view of the planet seen from space. They deduce that the real threat is somehow a formless extra-terrestrial that inhabited the body of the creature and now resides within the Inspector. Father Pujardov, sensing the greater presence inside the Inspector and believing it to be that of Satan, renounces his faith to pledge allegiance to the mysterious entity. News of the murders is wired to the Russian authorities. An intimidating Cossack officer, Captain Kazan , boards the train with a handful of his men. Kazan believes the train is transporting rebels; he is only convinced of the alien's existence when Mirov is discovered to be the creature's host when Saxton switches off the lights and Mirov's eyes glow. The creature has absorbed the memories of Wells' assistant, an engineer, and others. It seeks the Polish Count's metallurgical knowledge too, in order to build a vessel to escape Earth. Kazan fatally shoots Mirov, and the alien transfers itself to the deranged Pujardov. The passengers flee to the freight car while Pujardov murders Kazan, his men, and the Count, draining all their minds. Saxton rescues the Countess and holds Pujardov at gunpoint. Saxton, having discovered that bright light prevents the entity from draining minds or transferring to another body, forces Pujardov into a brightly lit area. The creature/Pujardov explains that it is a collective form of energy from another galaxy. Trapped on Earth in the distant past after being left behind in an accident, it survived for millions of years in the bodies of protozoa, fish and other animals, but cannot live outside a living being longer than a few moments. The creature begs to be spared, tempting Saxton with its advanced knowledge of technology and cures for diseases. While Saxton is distracted by the offer, the creature moves into and reanimates the Count's corpse. Saxton and the Countess flee the creature, but it now resurrects all of its victims as zombies. Battling their way through, Saxton and the Countess eventually reach the caboose, where the other survivors have taken refuge. Once there, Saxton and Wells work desperately to uncouple themselves from the rest of the train. The Russian government sends a telegram to a dispatch station ahead, instructing them to destroy the train by sending it down a dead-end spur. Speculating that it must be war, the station staff switch the points. The creature takes control of the train as it enters the spur. Saxton and Wells manage separate the last car from the rest of the train just before the train jumps the track and tumbles to the bottom of a deep ravine. The caboose rolls precariously to the end of the track before stopping, inches away from the edge of the cliff. The survivors quickly depart from the van while Saxon, Wells and the Countess gaze over the ravine to witness the inferno consuming the train and its unearthly inhabitants."] ['When four girls go on a weekend trip to a lake, they start to have car problems on the way home and meet a local young man who takes them back to his farm where he lives with his father. Later, the father begins to murder three of the girls and tries to pin the crimes on his son by convincing him he is responsible for their deaths.'] ["The film starts with Baron Victor Frankenstein  in prison awaiting execution for murder, where he tells the story of his life to a priest. The story begins in his youth when his father's death results in his succeeding to the Frankenstein estate. He is mentored by a man named Paul Krempe ([[Robert Urquhart  and, as Victor ages, the two begin to collaborate on scientific experiments. One night, after a successful experiment in which they bring a dead dog back to life, Victor suggests that they create a human life from scratch. Krempe assists Victor at first, but eventually withdraws, unable to tolerate the continued scavenging of human remains. The body parts of Frankenstein's monster are assembled from a corpse found swinging on a gallows and both hands and eyes purchased from charnel house workers. For the brain, Victor seeks out an aging and distinguished professor so that the monster can have a sharp mind and the accumulation of a lifetime of knowledge. He invites the professor to his house in the guise of a friendly visit, but subsequently pushes him off the top of a straircase, killing him in what appears to others to be an accident. After the professor is buried, Victor proceeds to the vault, but Krempe finds him there and the brain is damaged in the ensuing scuffle. With all of the parts assembled , Frankenstein finally brings life to the monster . Unfortunately, the creature Frankenstein creates does not have the professor's intelligence and is both violent and psychotic. Frankenstein locks the creature up, but it escapes and kills an old blind man it encounters in the woods. Victor and Krempe hunt it down, shoot it, and bury it in the woods. After Krempe leaves town, Frankenstein digs up and revives the creature. He uses it to murder his maid, Justine , when she threatens to tell the authorities about his strange experiments. Eventually, however, the creature escapes again and threatens Victor's bride, Elizabeth . Victor again pursues it, and this time burns it with a lantern, causing it to fall into a bath of acid. Its body is completely dissolved, leaving no proof that it ever existed and Victor is imprisoned for Justine's death. He implores the returning Krempe to testify to the priest and his gaolers that it was the creature that killed Justine, but Krempe refuses and Frankenstein is led away to be executed. The viewer is left uncertain whether Frankenstein's story is true or simply the ravings of a homicidal lunatic."] ["The film opens with a scene of a woman having sex with an apparently female angel. No explanation is given in the film. The back of the DVD cover says the Angel of Death impregnates a mortal woman, causing the dead to come alive. The next shot is of seventeen months later as Susan works her way through a mostly abandoned town on foot. She encounters some of the living dead, including one who gave up his arm to research. Unlike most modern zombie film denizens, however, they seem somewhat bewildered and eager to please. However, she catches one zombie stealing gas from her car. She chases him and puts a bullet through his gas canister. It explodes dousing the zombie in flames. Susan returns to her car leaves town. Outside of town, her car runs out of gas. She then finds herself surrounded by zombies to force her from her car. A preacher claims her car for the service of the Lord and drives off after the zombies refill the gas tank. After walking on foot for a while, another car pulls up. The driver offers her a ride. She holds him at gun point and holds a mirror under his nose. When he doesn't exhale warm moist air, she determines him to be a zombie. She takes the car from him  and drives for a while, listening to an announcer discussing the current situation on the radio. He doesn't have much information. Arriving in a new town, she encounters some living people who direct her to a safe house to stay the night . While staying there, she encounters Mary, a dead woman pretending to be alive, they shower together. Mary tells Susan that she poisoned herself so she can be beautiful forever. Susan, trusts Mary enough to share the bedroom together. Susan sleeps while Mary plays the harmonium. Susan has a dream where she walks in a graveyard and performs fellatio on her sidearm. At this point the house is attacked by militant zombies . This group of Zombies believes these are the end times and God will return once humanity is all dead. They are intent on converting living humans into their way of, uh, metabolism. Waking up surprised, Susan accidentally shoots Mary in the head, destroying Mary's hope of being beautiful forever. The owner of the house, who looks like the woman from the intro but isn't, is shot in the back at close range with a shotgun. She was pregnant but her wound aborts the baby out the front. Susan watches as the newly dead mother begins to nurse the newly dead fetus. Susan escapes and encounters the preacher who stole her car. She threatens him while he tries to convince her that death is better than life. Susan gives him the mirror test and discovers that he is still alive. Another shot to the face from Susan and the preacher is now one of the undead. Susan gets her car and her food back and arrives at the apartment of her boyfriend. He's also killed himself but is up and about. The bathtub is filled with his blood. Her boyfriend has lost his mind. He kept hearing the phone ringing and hearing the dead talking to him  They can't have sex because he has no blood pressure , so they have intercourse using her gun as a strap-on. He slips poison into her milk. He wants her to be dead and beautiful forever. She tries to induce vomiting, but he stops her. Before she dies, she manages to throw him out the window, breaking most of his bones . The last sequence of the film is a montage switching back and forth between the preacher making splints for her boyfriend and Susan putting tears in her eyes from the faucet so she can mourn her own death."] ['An artist, John Jaspers  sells his soul to the mysterious M   in order to avenge the death of his girlfriend. However, the deal has an unexpected price, and he is periodically transformed into a horned demon with a passion for killing. He discovers that M plans to release a giant monster called the Homunculus, thereby opening the gates of Hell, and sets out to stop him.'] ["The plot revolves around a 32 year old psychotherapist as he begins to suspect that the local religious cult has been murdering the town's citizens. He soon becomes sucked into a web of mysterious happenings, with the cult of the 'Bryans' being the focal point. The film uses the 'found footage' format, and claims that the film is a compilation of security footage."] ['On a cold night, two men are dressed up as a nun and a hooker. The man dressed as a hooker is brutally murdered, while his girlfriend , who was waiting for him, is soon killed as well. The story shifts to a man named Shawn  at his new job. Maddy  is interviewed by Shawn and gets the job. That night, while Maddy is having dinner at her apartment, she appears to be talking to imaginary people and seemingly receives a letter from her parents, whom she previously claimed were dead, congratulating her on her new job. When she goes to sleep, she dreams of two deaths and awakens in fear. Shawn and Maddy get closer, go on a date, and end up in bed together. Shawn later invites Maddy to a pool party, to which she agrees. At the pool party, hosted by Tillie , Maddy meets Shawn\'s friends Chris , Peter  and Laura . Later, the remaining people at the party start talking about a "murder club". In confusion, Maddy leaves, disturbed by Chris\'s words to her: "You never know when you\'ll need the club\'s help". Karen and Keith, a couple at the party, are soon murdered by the masked killer. In her sleep, Maddy has a flashback of when she had an abortion. As a result, her mother  had kicked her out of the house, calling Maddy a "murderer". Her father  had tried to stop her, to no avail. During one of Maddy\'s shopping trips, she starts arguing with a woman, eventually killing the lady by smashing her head against a large post. Maddy then awakes at home, covered in blood. She realizes what she has done and calls Shawn. He races over and tells her not to worry, as he\'ll give her an alibi.The next day, on her way to Tillie\'s house, Maddy hears Shawn, Tillie, Peter and Laura talking amongst each other. She then discovers that the "Murder Club" was all a joke. Shawn tries to convince the others give Maddy an alibi. Chris agrees, and Peter and Laura want to ignore everything, though Tillie believes they should head to the police. Maddy heads home, upset by the revelation. She later has a dream of Peter and Laura being killed. She visits Tillie\'s home again but hides to avoid being seen. Tillie talks to Shawn about finding Peter and Laura\'s bodies. Maddy then blacks out and has a vision of Tillie\'s death. When she awakes, she goes to Tillie\'s home and finds her dead. She goes to Chris\'s home, believing Shawn to be responsible for the deaths. Then she races over to Laura and Peter\'s home. There, she finds the dead bodies and tells Chris that she believes Shawn is behind the deaths. She heads back home and Shawn arrives. She attempts to attack him but he retaliates and tells Maddy that Chris is the real murderer. He shows a mask and knife, saying he found them in Chris\'s home. Just then, Chris kills him by impaling him with an axe. A shocked Maddy demands an explanation. Chris admits to the murders, saying that he did so he could have Maddy. The first death was the owner of the company. Killing him made Shawn head and gave Maddy a place to work. He then killed the various people who wanted to stop Maddy from being with him. A small chase begins, with Maddy stuck in the bathroom of her home. Chris starts to chop down the door with his axe, but before he can reach Maddy, she hits him with a set of scales and flees. She then becomes trapped in the bedroom and the scene cuts to black. The next scene shows Chris heading to Las Vegas. He pulls over to a car stuck on the side of the road. The man inside asks for a tire-iron. Chris considers killing him, until he sees that the man has a wife. After helping them and watching the couple head off, Chris heads back to the trunk. He opens it, revealing a still-alive and tied-up Maddy. He smiles, then shuts the trunk, and resumes the journey to Vegas.'] ['Twin brothers Alan and Joseph spend the summer visiting their Aunt Lacey at her secluded, run-down property. Little do they know that some family secrets refuse to stay buried...in fact, they are freshly dug up! Lonely auntie has a necrophilic attraction to her deceased husband, whose body she keeps in her house, and Jeremy - her perverted farmhand - is a bloodthirsty monster who dismembers local townsfolk and stores their body parts in the barn for unspeakable uses later on. Soon Alan and Joseph find themselves caught up in a horrifying plot to take charge of the situation. And that\'s when things really turn ugly. Filmed in "shockumentary" style, you will witness the final moments of one of the most brutal pages in the history of crime. Jeremy is waiting!'] ['The plot revolves around a large family who gather for their two Grannies birthday in the country side. Unfortunately, one of their gifts happens to be from their devil-worshipping nephew, and upon opening it, the two loveable grannies turn into vicious, flesh-eating monsters who will not stop until they have loved each and every one of their relatives to death.'] ['The movie begins when a fisherman is killed by a mysterious monster. Two government agents later find the body on the beach. One of the agents, Ted, tries to get a sample of a radio-active rock in the sea, but the same monster attacks him. Ted is able to escape and return to the beach. On a later trip with the other agent, the monster nearly kills Ted, but the other agent is able to shoot it with a spear gun. Ted discovers that Dr. King, a marine biologist, created the monster and the radioactive rock. Ted tells Dr. King how the monster is killing innocent people and that it must be stopped. After Dr. King destroys his lab he goes to kill his creation using dynamite. Shortly before detonation, the monster grabs him. The dynamite explodes, destroying the rock and killing the monster and Dr. King. Ted arrives just in time to witness the explosion.'] ['The Earth is going to pass through the tail of a comet, an event which has not occurred in 65 million years, the last time coinciding with the extinction event that wiped out the dinosaurs. On the night of the comet\'s passage, large crowds gather outside to watch and celebrate. Eighteen-year-old Regina "Reggie" Belmont  works at a movie theater in southern California. She becomes annoyed when she finds the initials DMK on the high score list of the theater\'s arcade game Tempest; all the other scores are hers. She sticks around after the theater closes to wipe the intruder off the list, then later has sex with her boyfriend, Larry the theater projectionist, in the steel-lined projection booth. Meanwhile, Reggie\'s sixteen-year-old sister Samantha "Sam"  argues with their stepmother, who punches her in the face. The next morning, a reddish haze covers everything, and there are no signs of life, only small piles of red dust and empty clothes. Unaware that anything strange has happened, Larry goes outside and is killed by a zombie. When Reggie goes looking for Larry, she finds the zombie eating him. She fends it off and escapes.  Reggie goes home to find her sister. Sam had spent the night in a metal yard shed, and was shielded from the comet\'s effects. After figuring out what has happened, they hear a radio disc jockey and race to the station, only to find it was just a recording. They do find another survivor there, Hector Gomez , who spent the night in the back of his steel semi truck. When Sam talks into the microphone, her broadcast is heard by government researchers in an underground installation. They call the station, but hang up when Sam answers. As they listen to Reggie, Sam and Hector debate what to do, the scientists note that the zombies, though less exposed to the comet, will disintegrate into dust themselves. Sam gets mad at Reggie, complaining that her sister has swiped the "last guy on earth", but the two end up laughing and making up. Hector then leaves to see if any of his family survived, but promises to come back. Reggie and Sam go shopping at a mall . After a firefight with some zombie ex-stockboys, the girls are taken prisoner, but are saved by a government retrieval team. Reggie is taken back to their base. Audrey White , a disillusioned scientist, offers to dispose of Sam, whom she diagnoses as having been exposed, and to wait for Hector. After purportedly euthanizing Sam, she kills the other scientist who remained behind. When Hector returns, Audrey briefs him on the situation and then gives herself a lethal injection. He and Sam set out to rescue Reggie. The researchers had suspected and prepared for the comet\'s effects, but inadvertently left their ventilation system open during the comet\'s passage allowing the deadly dust to permeate their base. Meanwhile, Reggie has become suspicious, escapes, and discovers that the dying scientists have hunted down and rendered healthy survivors brain dead. They harvest their untainted blood to keep the disease at bay while they search desperately for a cure. Reggie saves a boy and a girl, before they are processed, then unplugs the other victims from their life support machines. Hector and Sam get the trio out of the base. Eventually, rain washes away the red dust and the world is left in a pristine condition. With Reggie getting Hector and the other two being kids, Sam feels left out. When she ignores Reggie\'s warning and crosses a deserted street against the still-operating signal light, she is almost run over by a sports car driven by Danny Mason Keener, a teenager her own age. After apologizing, he invites her to go for a ride. As they drive off, the car is shown sporting the initials "DMK" on the vanity plate.'] ['Cornman is a superhero whose powers include the ability to communicate with corn. He must face the evil Dr. Hoe who is trying to take control of all the corn in the world.Cornman: American Vegetable Hero  - Plot summary'] [':For the plot of the film-within-the-film, see This Island Earth The film opens with mad scientist Dr. Clayton Forrester, working from an underground laboratory, explaining the premise of the film . Mike Nelson and the robots Crow T. Robot, and Tom Servo, along with Gypsy, are aboard the Satellite of Love high in Earth\'s orbit, when Dr. Forrester forces them to watch the film This Island Earth to break their wills; as per the television show, Mike, Crow, and Tom make fun of the movie as it airs. The movie riffing scenes are bookended and interspersed with short sketches. Prior to the movie, Crow attempts to dig through the ship\'s hull to return to Earth. After the filmstrip breaks and Dr. Forrester reloads it, Crow and Tom dare Mike to drive the Satellite himself, but ends up crashing into the Hubble Space Telescope; Mike then tries to repair the Hubble using the Satellite\'s manipulator arms, MANOS, but instead further damages the unit before Gypsy takes over. Some time into the film, Tom reveals that he has an interocitor like that used in This Island Earth. The gang tries to use Tom\'s device to return to Earth, but instead contact a Metalunan  who is unable to help them to figure out how to use it correctly but does accidentally repeatedly zap Tom\'s head with a laser beam. The contact is broken by Dr. Forrester, who also has an interocitor, and he zaps the group to encourage them back to the movie theater. After the movie, Mike, Crow, and Tom are far from broken, celebrating in various Metaluna ways. Dr. Forrester, furious at his failure, attempts to use his own interocitor to harm Mike and the others, but only succeeds in transporting himself into the shower of the Metalunan previously seen. Mike and the robots briefly celebrate Dr. Forrester\'s disappearance before they realize they no longer have a way back to Earth without him. Mike says "Hey, wait a minute!" and the crew head back to the theater in time for the movie\'s ending credits.'] ['As stated in the copy of one release of this film, "THE SUCKLING has been compared to Alien for its claustrophobic intensity and Die Hard for its non-stop action." Given the film\'s low budget and technical flaws, discerning filmgoers may disagree.The Suckling DVD at Horrortalk.com'] ['{{Expand section}} When the notorious Diaper Mafia take hostage the Tromaville School for the Very Special, only the Toxic Avenger and his morbidly obese sidekick Lardass can save Tromaville. However, an explosion results in some unforeseeable consequences where it creates a dimensional tear between Tromaville and its dimensional mirror image Amortville. While the Toxic Avenger  is trapped in Amortville, Tromaville comes under the control of the superhuman powered hero\'s evil doppelgänger the Noxious Offender . With the citizens of Tromaville unaware of the switch, Mayor Goldberg decides to combat "Toxie" by calling in every superhero he can afford.'] ["A killer goes into a house, killing a mother and her two children. In the process, he takes pictures on his cell phone of the attack. Elsewhere, Trisha  is babysitting a girl, Molly, while her parents are out. She needs this to go well because her last babysitting job with the Hewitts did not end on a good note. On the way to a speaking engagement, Molly's parents are killed by an off-screen attacker that they obviously knew. Meanwhile, Trisha begins getting increasingly threatening phone calls and texts. After, she puts Molly to bed, the caller escalates his taunting. He sends her pictures of the previous murders claiming he did it for her. Although she believes it is her boyfriend Matt calling her, she calls the police who inform her that they will trace the call. Matt , along with his two reckless friends Frank and Chrissy arrive saying they have been chased by cops after Frank brandished a gun at a bowling alley during an argument. They ask to stay until it is safe to leave. Matt assures Trisha that he did not make that call. Going into the basement to make out, Chrissy hears a strange noise. Frank is killed when he investigates and Chrissy is beaten unconscious when she goes to find him. Worried that Frank is getting into trouble again, Trisha has Matt find out what he is doing. When he goes to the basement, he is knocked unconscious and tied up by the killer. Watching the news of a triple murder earlier that night, Trisha realizes the pictures sent to her are real and that they are also of the Hewitts. The killer calls Trisha and informs her that she needs to check on Molly. After the police call and inform her that the calls came from inside the house, she discovers a camera in the living room. She checks on Molly and finds her dead with Richard Hewitt  in the bedroom. She tries to run from him but is quickly tripped and knocked unconscious. Awakening in the basement, Trisha discovers she is gagged and tied to a rafter, Matt tied up on the floor, Chrissy tied up and gagged on the couch, and Frank dead on the floor. Richard tortures the group and kills Chrissy before he goes upstairs to kill some investigating police officers. Richard also explains the reason for the murders, revealing he had become obsessed with Trisha after raping her one night. Using this time to free himself, Matt stuns Richard and frees Trisha. However, Matt is killed doing this. Trisha manages run out of the house and retrieves Frank's gun which he stashed in Matt's truck. She shoots Richard several times, ensuring he is dead, and then walks away from the house into the surrounding woods."] [" Shortly after renting an old country house, film star Paul Henderson mysteriously disappears and Inspector Holloway from Scotland Yard is called to investigate. Inquiring at the local police station, Holloway is told some of the house's history. He then contacts the estate agent renting the house, who elaborates further."] ["Deep in the South American jungles, plantation manager Barney Chavez  kills his elderly employer in order to get to his beautiful wife Dina Van Gelder . However, an old native witch witnesses the crime and puts a curse on Barney, who soon after finds himself turning nightly into a rampaging gorilla. When a wise but superstitious police commissioner Taro  is brought in to investigate the plantation owner's death and a rash of strange animal killings, he begins to suspect that all is not as it seems. Dina is also becoming suspicious with Barney, who seems to be more in love with the jungle than with her. She follows him one night into the jungle, only to be attacked by the feral Barney. The police chief follows her screams in the jungle and shoots Barney."] ["The day begins with a popular student, Carol Manning , jokingly asking Marty Rantzen , the school nerd, to have sex with her in the women's locker room. After he removes his clothes, Marty is surprisingly exposed to a group of students who tease him in several ways, including jabbing at his crotch with a javelin, giving him an electric shock and dunking his head into a toilet bowl. This prank ends when the students' coach comes in to find out what is happening. The students are forced to perform a vigorous workout in the gymnasium. Still, two students give Marty a marijuana joint laced with poison, which he smokes in the science lab where he is working on a chemistry project. The joint makes him so sick he runs to the men's room to vomit. While he is gone, Skip, one of the popular kids, rigs the experiment to explode in Marty's face. Upon Marty's return, the set-up works, causing Marty to panic, and a great fire to erupt in the lab after he knocks over a Bunsen burner. In the struggle, Marty accidentally bumps into a shelf where a precariously placed jug of acid sits, causing the jug to fall and break, which splashes acid on Marty's face, leaving him horribly disfigured. The sound attracts the attention of the students, who stand by the door in shock. Years later, those behind the prank are invited back to the school for a reunion. Upon arriving, they discover that the campus was shuttered years ago and the building is in disrepair, awaiting demolition. They begin to think that one of the former students was behind the invitations, but everyone denies it. They decide to break into the school to hang out and drink alcohol, and come across a room containing their old school lockers, which to their surprise are filled with their old belongings. They notice Marty's old locker, and the alumni begin questioning what happened to him after the prank-gone-awry. Skip tells them that Marty is doing fine and probably forgot all about what happened. He has supposedly been in a mental institution. Soon thereafter, the friends begin to die in gruesome ways at the hands of a mysterious killer dressed like a jester. One's stomach explodes, one melts away in an acid bath, one is impaled on a javelin, one is chopped up by a riding lawn mower. They quickly come to believe it is Marty, deranged and bent on revenge. All the former students wind up dead then come back as ghosts and the film closes with Marty apparently going insane. He wakes up in a mental hospital, restrained to a bed and wearing bandages on his face, and had in fact dreamed the events of the massacre. The film ends with Marty strangling the nurse, jamming a syringe into the doctor's eye and peeling a chunk of skin from his own face."] ['After becoming stranded in a small town called Hope, Elizabeth "Liz" Chambers,  discovers her arrival was foretold a century earlier by the town\'s founding preacher  and that she is an integral part of his impending--and terrifying--rebirth. Forced to stay overnight in the town, Liz meets Sarah Austin , a reporter for a tabloid newspaper, who is in town to investigate legends of living scarecrows. The townspeople of Hope once sacrificed people by nailing them to crosses in the cornfields until a young girl alerted residents of the nearby town of Liberty. Horrified to learn of the murders going on in Hope, the townspeople of Liberty nailed the local preacher who spearheaded the sacrifices to a cross. Legend contends that one day he will be reborn. Sarah persuades Liz to accompany her to the cornfield. At the cornfield, Sarah takes photos of a scarecrow that she and Liz construct and hang on a cross, intending to use the photograph for the newspaper\'s front page. Sarah is later attacked and killed by the scarecrow, which comes to life. The scarecrow tries to kill Liz as well but she manages to escape in the squad car of a deputy, who is killed upon arriving at the scene. She drives to the sheriff\'s office, where she tells her tale. When the deputy is unable to reach anyone by radio or phone, he leaves Liz alone while he goes to find out the problem. Liz is able to fend off the scarecrow when it arrives, stalking her. She tries to flee in her car but sees that that the engine has been removed. She takes refuge with the town\'s preacher, but discovers that the preacher is the leader of the townspeople, who worship the spirit of the founding preacher. The preacher intends to bring the spirit back to life by fathering a child with Liz, whom the spirit can possess. The sheriff arrives in time to stop the townspeople, but loses consciousness in a car crash. When the clergyman tries to rape Liz, she fends him off and escapes. As she flees, she finds Sabrina , a child hiding in an underground shelter. Their parents were killed by the scarecrow, but they had escaped. Meanwhile, the townspeople set out in search of Liz. Liz hides Sabrina in a hole in the cornfield while she goes for help. She makes it to the next town only to find everyone dead. She is picked up by the sheriff, who escaped, and Liz tells him about Sabrina and jokes that the townspeople think she is a virgin. When they return to the cornfield, Liz discovers that the sheriff has been possessed by the spirit of the evil preacher. The preacher now goes in search of Sabrina as Liz is not pure. Sabrina sneaks into the farmhouse and sets it on fire. The townspeople let Liz and Sabrina escape while they burn the body of the preacher, as the prophecy tells them to. Liz flees with the child, but the spirit of the preacher possesses the body of Sabrina\'s father, who they encounter hanging on one of the crosses in the cornfield. Vines ensnare Liz as the animated corpse appeals to Sabrina. A murder of crows appear and the townspeople believe it is a good omen, until the crows attack and kill them, as well as attacking Sabrina\'s father, allowing Liz to extract herself from the vines. Liz and Sabrina escape, hitching a ride from a truck driver who is passing through the area. He turns on the radio, and a song comes on that reminds Liz and Sabrine of their ordeal. Liz turns the radio off, and they continue down the road, leaving Hope behind.'] ['When five Manhattan women are accosted under mysterious circumstances, the police think they have got a twisted serial rapist on their hands. But as Detective Dale Androtti  and Dr. Gamble Pace  soon discover, the reality is much worse. Tracing the source of the attacks underground, they find an unstoppable alien presence that has infested an abandoned subway system and begun to reproduce itself - by impregnating human women!'] ["Eileen  and her boyfriend Woody  are driving through the desert. When their car gets a flat Woody goes to find a gas station. Their friends Becky , Jerry  and Molly  are traveling separately in a different vehicle. They reach Eileen waiting at the car and they all drive off to collect Woody. Woody has found a gas station but it appears deserted. He enters the back room but becomes trapped. Various mannequins appear in the room, and multiple objects fly at him until a metal pipe impales and kills him. The others find a tourist trap and conclude Woody is there. As they drive in, their vehicle mysteriously breaks down. Jerry tries to fix his jeep and the girls go skinny dipping in a nearby oasis. As they swim, Slausen  appears holding a shotgun. Though outwardly polite he also seems embittered by the decline of his tourist trap since the highway was moved away. The nude girls feel awkward in the water as he chats and they apologise for tresspassing. Slausen offers to help Jerry with the jeep, but insists the group go to his house with him to get his tools. There, they see the tourist trap: animated wax works type figures including armed bandits. Eileen is curious about a nearby house, but Slausen insists the women stay inside the museum. Slausen takes Jerry to fix the jeep leaving the women. Eileen leaves to find a phone in the other house. There she finds several mannequins inside the house. Someone calls her name, and a stranger wearing a grotesque mask suddenly appears behind her. Various items in the room move of their own accord and the scarf Eileen is wearing tightens and strangles her. Slausen returns to Molly and Becky saying that Jerry drove his truck into town. When told that Eileen left, he goes to the house and finds Eileen has been turned into a mannequin. He returns and tells Molly and Becky he did not find Eileen and will leave again to continue the search. Frustrated the women also later leave to search for her. Becky enters the nearby house and finds a mannequin resembling Eileen. Becky is attacked by the masked killer and then by multiple mannequins. She later wakes up tied up in the basement along with Jerry. Jerry says the killer is Slausen's brother. Also held captive is Tina , who is strapped to a table. She is killed when the masked man covers her face with plaster, causing her to suffocate. Jerry frees himself and attacks the killer, but is soon overpowered. Jerry tries to reach for a key but the killer telepathically moves it from his reach. Molly, still outside searching for the others, is pursued by the masked man. She meets Slausen who drives her to the museum and gives her a gun while he goes inside. The masked man appears and Molly shoots, but the gun is loaded with blanks. The man removes the mask: it is Slausen. She panics and tries to elude Slausen but is soon captured and restrained to a bed. Becky and Jerry escape from the basement but, get separated. Slausen appears and takes Becky to the museum. There the Old West figures begin shooting at her, and she is killed by an Indian Chief figure who throws a knife at her, stabbing her in the back of the neck. Back at the house, Jerry arrives to rescue Molly, but he is revealed to have unknowingly been turned into a mannequin. Slausen dances with the figure of his wife, and Molly sees that the wife has become animated. Traumatised, she kills Slausen with an axe. The film then ends where it takes place the next morning, and a grinning Molly is seen driving away in the jeep with the mannequin versions of her friends."] ['The film follows the inhabitants of a small rural town whose children are disappearing at an alarming rate and whose adults are simultaneously being killed in a ritualistic fashion. It is revealed early on that the kids are being inducted into a cannibalistic cult that live in the woods.Uncle Bob Martin: Suffer the Little Children The title is known mostly because of its brutal depictions of violence against children.'] ['One peaceful day in 1959, suddenly thousands of fishes washed out the shore. All was burned with radioactivity. And then, Tom Trevethan, an old fishermen is also burned with radioactivity. His last word was "behemoth". A huge ship, the "Triton" is also sunk and burned. Professor James Bickford, a marine biologist is also don\'t knowing what could do this all. Then, in the harbor, a man named John witnessed and photographed a strange head with a long neck of a creature. Dr. Sampson Karnes, a paleontologist identifyed it as "Paleosaurus" a prehistoric gargantuan dinosaur. He founds that the dinosaur is saturated by radiation. His genius 19-years old son Steve Karnes, suggested maybe the dinosaur is awakened by the atomic bomb tests in the Atlantic Ocean. Then, he got the ability to breathe radioactive fire. Then, suddenly, the Behemoth  surfaces in London! Behemoth wreaks havoc in the city, destroying everything in his path. Innocent peoples fell as unfortunate victims killed in the rampage, and the city was destroyed. Buildings burned, trucks were thrown, streets were in panic and ruins, then many peoples screamed and run. But, Steve had an idea. He told military to set 3000 volts of electric fences, and they do that. But, the electricity just make the Behemoth stronger. The plan backfires, and the Behemoth returned to the sea. But, thinking of the radiation, Steve makes a new idea. He invents a special gun. He knows something. Just two days later, Behemoth was found. He was moving, but Steve sets his plan. A mini-sub officer lures Behemoth to resurface in London. Then, Steve sets his newly-invented special "missile gun". He inserts the bullet: a special anti-nuclear cadmium isotope. The anti-nuclear isotope was made to a missile, and Behemoth wreaks havoc in the streets, destroying everything with his radioactive fire breath that was shoot from his mouth, claws, arms, tail and big foot. But, this time, Steve\'s plan was successful. The Behemoth was near the Empire State Building, when Steve was inside. He shoots the anti-nuclear cadmium isotope to the Behemoth\'s chest, piercing the Behemoth\'s heart. The Behemoth roared in pain as the isotope began to take effect on his radiation, and slowly killing him. Behemoth fell to the ground, and disintegrates to small nucleic particles. Steve looks, as the giant monster fades, his parts flew to the sky. Maybe, the humans had make a big mistake, and a bigger threat will came somehow....'] ["A Miami businessman, John Stone, receives a parcel from England containing two old bottles of Slivovitz brandy from his recently deceased ancestor, and after drinking both bottles, becomes a vampire. Stone uses his newfound vampire powers to keep his wife, Helena, in a trance as he travels to England to kill the descendents of Abraham Van Helsing that murdered Count Dracula. Meanwhile, Helsing's distant relative, Howard Helsing, pursues Stone with the intent to put the reborn vampire to rest for good."] ['Brinke Stevens and Michelle Bauer play sexy Tri-Delta sorority pledges who are constantly being followed and spied on by three nerdy frat boys. In particular, they are watched during a long, erotic shower sequence as well as a secret hazing ritual where the girls receive a humiliating spanking with a sorority paddle. The boys are soon caught sneaking into the sorority house by the den mother. The pledges are then ordered to steal a trophy from a local bowling alley aided by the unwanted boys. An accident during the robbery causes the trophy to break open, releasing an evil imp who wreaks havoc with his supernatural powers.'] ["The film begins at the Bodega Bay Inn, 1939. Danny Coogan  is making wooden chairs for a wedding reception for his Uncle Len , who owns the Inn. Danny tells his uncle that if it was not for his limp, he would be able to go to war, along with his brother Don , and tells his Uncle that he's going to help Andre Toulon. Toulon is guest at the inn, whose wife was killed by the Nazis because they wanted a formula, a formula that allows his puppets to come alive. After escaping Berlin to Geneva, Toulon came to America to hide from the Nazis. As Danny's heading over to Toulon's room, he hears a gunshot and goes to see what happened. Two men dressed in black leaving Toulon's room push Danny aside, and as they leave, he manages to get a glimpse at one of their faces. He enters the room and finds Toulon dead with a gun in his hand. Danny, whom Toulon showed his puppets to, grabs them out of a wall panel and finds that all the puppets are still there, along with unanimated Six Shooter and another puppet, named Ninja. The next day, Danny goes to visit his mother, Elma  and his brother Don. Don is being shipped off to war the following week. Meanwhile, the two Nazi assassins: Klaus  and Max , are heading to a Opera House in Chinatown, under orders from the boss, where they meet a Japanese saboteur named Ozu . She tells them that she's under orders from her commander, which are for her and the Nazis to work together to take out an American bomb manufacturing plant, destroying America's war efforts. To obtain this goal, it requires Max to go undercover and pretend to be of American descent and work at the plant, and has to get close to the girl who runs the plant's office, Beth , who is coincidentally Danny's girlfriend. The next day, after bringing the puppets to life, Danny walks into the plant to show them to Beth, and sees Max there. Recognizing him as one of the hitmen, he tries to warn Beth away from him, but she doesn't believe him. After Max leaves the plant, Danny follows him back to the Opera House, and uncovers their plan. Danny is seen by Max, and quickly leaves. Max breaks back into the plant to uncover Danny's profile and sends Klaus to Danny's mother's place where Elma and Beth are planning a bon voyage party for Don. Klaus shoots Elma, and kidnaps Beth, and also shoots Don when he unexpectedly comes home. Danny comes home to find Don bleeding to death, and after telling him what happened, thanks to Toulon's diary, puts his brother's soul into Ninja's body. Danny and the puppets head out to the opera house to get Beth and prevent the bomb from exploding. Tunneler and Leech Woman kill Ozu's men and Blade and Pinhead kill Klaus. Max badly hurts Ninja, but Ninja, with what little left of life he has, buts Ozu's sword into his back killing him. Danny manages to save Beth, and Blade disables the bomb, but Ozu has taken off with the puppets inside the bag, leaving behind Blade, Pinhead and Ninja behind. Danny swears that Ozu has a war coming to her."] ['Donald  is a construction worker with a big problem: his shrew of a wife May  has started to only cook gourmet foods in a Hyacinth Bucket-style misguided effort to make themselves seem classier than they are. While his friends Roosevelt  and Phillip  dine on simple bologna-and-cheese sandwiches for lunch, Donald is saddled with crab sandwiches and other cooking atrocities. To his horror, he discovers his wife has bought an unusually large Major Electric microwave oven, which makes the meals worse in half the time. After coming home drunk one night and getting into an argument with May, Donald loses his temper and bludgeons her to death with a large pepper grinder. He wakes up the next day with a bad hangover, no memory of the night before, and a growling stomach. He discovers May\'s corpse in the microwave and after the initial wave of horror passes, he starts to take it in stride, telling his co-workers that he and May separated. After work, he then cuts up May\'s body and stores it in foil wrap in the fridge. A running gag involving May\'s head retaining some sort of sentience is introduced during this scene. Looking for a midnight snack one night, Donald unintentionally takes a few bites of May\'s hand, and  after the initial wave of horror passes, he realizes it\'s the best thing he\'s ever eaten. He even brings some to work with him and shares it with Phillip and Roosevelt, who concur. He soon starts picking up hookers and using them for meat in his recipes. While cooking one night, Donald has a mild heart attack and goes to his doctor, who tells him of a pacemaker that was put in when he had some excess weight, but says he is fine overall. May\'s equally shrewish sister Evelyn  shows up, having not heard from her sister in some time. She finds her head, and is gagged with bread and thrown, tied up, in Donald\'s closet. Donald\'s lunches continue to be a hit with his friends, and he decides to cater an outing to a wrestling match with a new recipe he calls "Peking chick." When Roosevelt and Phillip show up to pick up Donald, they discover him dead on the floor of a heart attack, and some body parts in the microwave. They leave in horror and disgust, realizing what Donald had been serving them. Some time later, the house is up for sale and movers are taking the furniture out. A repairman examines the microwave and discovers a problem with the wires, commenting that it would be bad for someone with a pacemaker. We then zoom into the fridge, which opens to reveal May\'s head. Her eyes glow orange as the film ends.'] ['The film deals with a documentary film-maker named David Leigh, and his investigation of the Fact or Fiction murders, where a pair of Public-access television cable TV hosts are murdered in mysterious circumstances. Leigh sets out to find the truth behind these killings while making his documentary. Fact or Fiction is a show dealing with unsolved mysteries and the paranormal. Its two hosts are Steven "Johnny" Avkast and Locus Wheeler. Initially a success, we find out through Leigh\'s investigations that the show is failing and is threatened with imminent cancellation. It is at this point that Avkast comes up with the idea of a live Internet Relay Chat section of the show. It is during one such chat that a caller gives Avkast the idea of searching for The Jersey Devil in the Pine Barrens . Leaping on this idea, Avkast and Wheeler recruit Rein Clackin, a sound-man who allegedly can record the paranormal, and Jim Suerd, a psychic who, Leigh discovers, is emotionally disturbed. The plan is for the four to enter the Pine Barrens, with Suerd leading them to the location of the Jersey Devil. During the hunt, they will broadcast a live show simultaneously via television, Internet, and amateur radio. The four enter the Barrens, but only Suerd emerges alive, while the others are horribly murdered. Avkast\'s body is never found, though it is made clear in the following trial that he could not have survived considering the massive blood loss found at the crime scene. Leigh then summarizes the trial. Suerd, as the only survivor, is also the only suspect. To aid the prosecution case they employ a video engineer  to compile a portrait of the group\'s trip using the surviving film footage found at the crime scene. Suerd is found guilty and imprisoned, though there is doubt over his guilt as his clothes were not drenched in blood and there is evidence he was engaged in an IRC room at the times of the murders. Before anything can be proven, Suerd commits suicide in prison and the case is considered closed by the authorities. However, Leigh has a box sent to him containing a damaged videotape reel, which Leigh assumes is tape from the Fact or Fiction team thought not to exist. A data retrieval expert named Shelly Monarch is called in to reconstruct the images on the tape. She finds that not only have Wheeler and Clacklin\'s deaths been caught on tape, but that Suerd could not have committed the murders. What is also caught is a blurred image of the real killer. As Leigh videotapes her, Monarch uses an image editor to re-construct the image of the killer\'s face; when she finishes, the viewer sees that Leigh himself was the actual murderer. With this revelation, the film abruptly shifts from the perspective of Leigh\'s camera to a third person perspective, lingering on Monarch\'s tormented face as Leigh fights with and then suffocates her to death with a piece of plastic sheeting in a real-time sequence. Afterwards, Leigh loads Monarch\'s corpse into his car and drives it out to the woods, where he dumps it in a clearing and then begins awkwardly videotaping himself narrating the next segment of his documentary.  The Last Broadcast was released through Ventura Distribution on VHS and DVD. Wavelength Releasing also was a part of the DVD releasing. Heretic Films re-released the DVD in 2006.'] ['The movie begins in 1987, where a young Les Daniels, who is terrified of snakes, is forced to go to a wedding where venomous snakes are passed around. When he is supposed to give one of the snakes to his father, he hesitates, giving the snake enough time to bite his father\'s artery. He dies in a matter of minutes. Twenty years later, Les is still scared of snakes, while his older brother Duff teases him about it. To help him get over his phobia, Duff goes to a Native American snake proprietor, Screaming Hawk. While there, Hawk tells him about a tiny snake living inside a jar, on his desk. It\'s called Unteka, an ancient snake that grows at a massive rate, and killed many of Hawk\'s tribe. They finally were able to kill all but one of them, the same one in the jar. He is given three rules to follow: "don\'t let it out of the jar, don\'t let it eat anything living, and never fear the heart of the snake." He is told he can\'t have Unteka, but steals it anyway. When at home Duff accidentally breaks the jar. Les sees the snake double in size, almost instantaneously, but Duff doesn\'t believe him. That night, while Duff sleeps, the snake eats the pet cat. It\'s now grown to almost 20 times its original size. It sneaks out into the chicken coop, killing all but one of them, which it soon finishes off. When Les\' mother hears the commotion, she goes outside to see what\'s going on, only to meet the same fate. Duff becomes scared that the legend\'s true, and asks some snake killers how to stop it. They say that if the snake hasn\'t yet reached full size, he could kill it by stabbing it in the head. He does so and seems to have killed the snake. But that night however, the snake revives and kills and eats him and the family dog. Les returns home, after a long night of drinking, only to find the place ransacked. He calls his girlfriend, Erin, who\'s a police officer, as well as her ex-boyfriend, Bo, the chief of police. When Les says that he just knows that his family is dead, Bo becomes suspicious that he might be the killer and arrests him. Unteka then attacks a vacationing family, in the woods, killing and eating them. Erin starts to believe Les\' story, but Bo still doesn\'t. Erin heads deeper into the woods and finds a giant snake skin, meaning that the creature is still growing. She helps Les escape, and they head over to Screaming Hawk to try to find out more about Unteka. Bo and his team finally head out to kill the snake. The enormous creature jumps them with only Bo able to escape. Before he dies, he comes to the homes of the snake catchers that Duff talked to earlier. They try to kill the snake, but they end up both getting killed. Meanwhile, Les, Erin, and Screaming Hawk all try to find the snake to kill it. Unteka, who\'s by now 70 feet long, heads to the county fair, where Feedback is making a guest appearance. The snake kills a young couple and three stoned men, before making its way inside. Unteka then kills multiple people, along with one of the police officers. Feedback is able to hold the snake off long enough to save some people, before fleeing himself. On the way into the park, the trio sees a little girl trapped in a ride. Erin is able to save her, but ends up being eaten herself. Just then, Erin calls Les, over walkie-talkie. They head into a haunted rollercoaster ride, to save Erin before she is digested. they look around for the snake then les looks behind hawk seeing the shock on his face he quickly turns around and tries to stab the snake but the snake tosses him away wounding him trying to fight the snake, leaving Les to kill Unteka from the inside. He lets himself get eaten whole, , the snake looks at Hawk moving slowy toward just he is about to be eaten the snake lets out a screaming roar of pain moves around banging its head against the wall then falls to the floor dead. then les cuts a hole out of its chest and having its heart he tells Hawk to help pull out Erin she hugs and kisses les and walks out of the haunted rolor coaster hawk holding the heart of the snake. A few months later, Les and Erin are married, with their first child, and Les has finally gotten over his fear of snakes.'] ['Brandon Sinclair brings out his ouija board at a party and attempts to contact David, the spirit of a ten-year-old boy with whom he has communicated numerous times. The spirit responds, but Jim, formerly Brandon\'s best friend and now nemesis, insults David, making David angry and provoking David to slash the tires of Brandon\'s car. The next day, Linda, Jim\'s live-in girlfriend, sees Brandon\'s ouija board  and tries to contact David. The spirit that appears is actually an evil being  acting under the guise of David. This malicious spirit starts being nice and helpful, informing Linda where her lost diamond engagement ring is. Meanwhile, at the construction site where Jim is working, Jim\'s friend Lloyd gets killed by the murderous spirit. Linda again contacts Malfeitor—whom she still believes to be David—and he lies, responding that he did not cause the accident. Linda begins to fall under "progressive entrapment", in which the spirit changes and starts to terrorize the user, making the person weak and easy to possess. Brandon and Jim conduct research on David, and later accuse him of terrorizing Linda. They play with the Ouija board and discover that another spirit is frightening Linda. The same spirit then attacks and kills Brandon. Released from the hospital, Linda plays with the board but gets no response. She then takes a shower, but gets attacked by Malfeitor. She initially escapes but soon is possessed by the evil entity. The next morning, Jim returns and discovers the apartment in disarray, with Linda wearing men\'s formal wear and holding an axe. Just then, Dewhurst, the detective investigating the murders he suspects were perpetrated by Jim , enters the apartment. He accuses Jim of hurting Linda, but quickly discovers that he is wrong as he is immediately gets smacked on the face with a rod, rendering him unconscious and causing him to drop his gun. Jim picks up the gun and shoots the board many times right before Linda pushes him out the window. The next scene is at the church at Jim and Linda\'s wedding. A child finds the board, shows it to her and says, "Wonder if it still works?" She then throws it into the box with the planchette. The camera then zooms to "yes" on the board as the planchette moves to it by itself.'] ['The Dead Pit opens with Dr. Ramzi , a deviant who enjoys torturing his patients, being killed and buried in the basement of a mental health facility. Twenty years later, the hospital is running again and Jane Doe  arrives at the institute. Upon her arrival, a major earthquake rocks the building and unearths the now undead Dr. Ramzi and his legion of zombie patients.'] ["The film starts off with the first tale of The Downfall Of Johnny Garrett, which has a woman who was raped by a gang-banger getting revenge using the resurrected corpse of her murdered friend. The film switches to the second tale of Szamota's Mistress, a man who is obsessed and eventually has an affair with a mysterious woman only to find a dastardly secret in the finale. The final tale of the film, called Stalk, is about a busty stripper named Misty  who is being stalked by a crazy and obsessive fan ."] ['Harry, an auto mechanic is going through a nasty divorce. When he gets fired from his job, Harry begins to lose his mind; he walks into a church completely nude and is subsequently committed to a mental hospital. After his release, he decides to stay in an abandoned hotel where he begins having hallucinations. As his life degenerates, Harry begins to plan a shooting massacre at a local fast food restaurant.Bloody Wednesday  - Movie Info - Yahoo! Movies'] ['Defense attorney Jennifer Garrick  believes her client, an accused child murderer on death row, is not guilty and is hiding the identity of the real killer. After he is executed, she accidentally brings a Pinocchio doll buried with her clients son home with her from the office, and her daughter Zoe  mistakes it for a birthday gift. She starts acting strangely as she develops a relationship with the puppet. Soon, she even believes the doll to be real and talk with it, although this is not out of the ordinary as she held a similar relationship with her other dolls. Trouble takes off when a school mate of Zoe who bullied her is pushed in front of a bus, which Zoe blames on Pinocchio trying to protect her. Soon after, Jennifer\'s boyfriend David is knocked down the basement stairs while baby sitting Zoe, but is saved by Zoe calling 911. Later, Zoe is at one of her therapy sessions when her psychiatrist has to leave the room, and Zoe begins talking with Pinocchio about who is to blame for David\'s accident, with both placing blame on one another. A surveillance video in the room is watched by the mother and the psychiatrist and it is revealed that Zoe is talking to herself. That night, Pinocchio convinces Zoe to set him free so that he can admit to David that he is to blame for his accident. Zoe makes him promise he will not do anything bad and cuts his strings, at which point Pinocchio hops up declaring his freedom and takes off down the dark streets with Zoe in pursuit. Through a first person perspective, we see an unknown person move through the hospital through crowds of people into David\'s room and unplug one of his machines, killing him. Jennifer questions Zoe who claims she got lost as she and Pinocchio try to find the hospital and never went there which causes an angry and confused Jennifer to lock Pinocchio in the trunk of her car. That night, Zoe is left in the care of the babysitter Sophe, when Sophe reminds her that Zoe gave Pinocchio a conscience . Zoe runs to her room to check on it and finds it smashed and begins screaming. Sophe runs to make sure she is okay where she is struck by a fireplace poker from an unknown assailant until she is dead. Jennifer arrives home that night during a thunderstorm to find the babysitter dead and Zoe standing in a dark hallway quiet. When Jennifer tries to confront Zoe, she runs away in a panic. As Jennifer explores the house, she is struck by the poker and sees her daughter standing above her with it in her hand. Her daughter explains that she just managed to get the poker away from Pinocchio but they must escape quickly, but before Jennifer can inquire further, Zoe is gone. Jennifer stands up to see Pinocchio standing in the room, at which point he suddenly turns towards her and attacks her with a knife, following with a chase and battle through the house. Jennifer throws Pinocchio through a glass coffee table and sees that her daughter is suddenly laying there in his place. The movie closes with a catatonic Zoe being committed and Jennifer stating it was not her and that she will not give up until she gets better and can leave, to which the psychiatrist states, "I hope not, for your sake, I hope not."'] ['The plot begins on August 10 in a California drive-in theatre, and concerns a killer on the loose, with the victims beheaded with a large sword. Two policemen are sent to investigate the killings, and question the owner of the drive-in, his assistant and a local peeping Tom, before going undercover to catch the killer themselves.'] ['Although taking the same basic idea from Snakes on a Plane , the background story of how the snakes end up on the train is completely different. In the movie, writer Eric Forsberg created a woman who has been put under a Mayan curse which causes snake eggs to hatch inside her belly and eat their way out. In order to recover the "lost pieces" of herself , she must travel to Los Angeles where a powerful Mayan shaman can lift the curse. She takes the snakes along with her in small jars. While on the train, bandits attack her, allowing the snakes to escape and endanger the rest of the passengers. Eventually, and inexplicably, she herself transforms into a gigantic snake and swallows the moving train whole. Six passengers managed to escape unharmed and one of them performs magic to make her vanish.'] ["Belial returns in this sequel to Basket Case. Duane Bradly  and his hideously deformed brother are accepted into a family of special individuals under the care of Granny Ruth and her beautiful granddaughter. A snooping tabloid reporter and a sleazy photographer threaten to endanger the community's welfare. The two brothers join with the freaks to defend their privacy with a vengeance.DVD Covers: Basket Case 2"] ['The plot involves a young English woman named Elizabeth, who, after the death of her father, travels to a convent on a remote island where her mother died after giving birth to her. The convent is populated only by nuns, who practise strange rituals in the catacombs under the building and who seem to hold something at bay down there.'] ["Dr. Mortimer Gangreen  escapes from prison and has set up a base at his assistant Igor's 'Really Big Castle' located outside Paris, France, and he is still bent on global domination. Using his Killer Tomatoes, Gangreen plans to stage a second French revolution according to an old prophecy written by Nicodemus, in which the king of France  will return to claim the throne. The only image of Louis XVII shows that he bears a close resemblance to Igor , and Gangreen plans to use this to his advantage to have Igor impersonate Louis XVII to claim the throne. The heroes of the film are a has-been TV actor named Michael  and Marie, the French girl he meets and falls in love with . As the Killer Tomatoes begin their attack on France, hoping to reach the outskirts of Paris, the true King returns, and faces a showdown with Igor as to who shall rightly become king. With the help of Michael and Marie, Louis triumphs, and Gangreen escapes in a tomato-shaped hot-air balloon, planning revenge and swearing to return in the next movie."] ['The film opens with a scroll saying that when Alfred Hitchcock\'s film The Birds  was released, audiences laughed at the notion of birds revolting against humanity, but when an attack perpetrated by birds occurred in 1975, no one laughed. This is followed by a pre-credits sequence of a tomato rising out of a woman\'s garbage disposal unit. Her puzzlement turns into terror as the tomato draws her into a corner. Following the credits, the police investigate her death. One officer discovers that the red substance she is covered with is not blood, but tomato juice. A series of attacks perpetrated by tomatoes occur (including a man dying by drinking tomato juice made from a killer tomato, a boy heard being gobbled up by a killer tomato, and a sequence where the tomatoes attack innocent swimmers, in a parody of [[Jaws . While the President\'s press secretary Jim Richardson tries to convince the public that there is no credible threat, the president puts together a team of specialists to stop the tomatoes led by a Euro-American man named Mason Dixon. Dixon\'s team includes Sam Smith, a disguise expert who is seen at various points dressed as, among other things, George Washington, Abraham Lincoln and Adolf Hitler; Navy diver Greg Colburn; Olympic swimmer Gretta Attenbaum; and parachute-toting soldier Wilbur Finletter. Smith is sent out to infiltrate the tomatoes at a campfire, eventually blowing his cover while eating a hamburger and asking if anyone could "pass the ketchup." Colburn and Gretta are sent to sectors, while Finletter stays with Mason. Meanwhile, the president sends Richardson to the fictitious ad agency "Mind Makers," where executive Ted Swan spends huge amounts of money to develop virtually worthless ploys including a bumper sticker with "STP" for "Stop Tomato Program" on it, a satirical reference to both the real "whip inflation now" campaign with its widely ridiculed "WIN" slogan and STP motor oil decals and bumper stickers which were commonplace in the 1970s. It is revealed that a human is also plotting to stop Dixon when a masked assassin attempts to shoot him, but misses. A senate subcommittee meeting is held where one secret pamphlet is leaked to a newspaper editor who sends Lois Fairchild on the story. While she tails Finletter, he mistakes her for a spy and trashes a hotel room attempting to kill her. He then chases the assassin as the masked man fails again to kill Dixon, but loses him. Gretta is killed and further regression has led leaders to bring in tanks and soldiers to the west coast in a battle that leaves the American forces in shambles. Dixon, walking among the rubble, sees a trail of tomato juice and decides to investigate. He ends up being chased by a killer tomato to an apartment where an oblivious child is listening to the radio. The tomato is about to kill Dixon but suddenly flies out the window. Dixon peers out to see if it has died when he spots the assassin hijacking his car. He chases the assassin until he is knocked out when it is revealed that Richardson is behind the tomatoes. He is about to reveal his secret of control when Finletter charges in and runs him through. Dixon, picking up some strewn records, realizes that both times the tomatoes left him the new hit song "Puberty Love" had been on the radio. He orders Finletter to gather all remaining people and bring them to the stadium, which is soon attacked by the tomatoes. The tomatoes are cornered in a stadium. "Puberty Love" is played over the loudspeaker, causing the tomatoes to shrink and allowing the various people at the stadium to squash them by stomping on them repeatedly. Fairchild, meanwhile, is cornered by a giant tomato wearing earmuffs. Dixon saves her by showing the tomato the sheet music to "Puberty Love." He professes his love to her, in song. The film ends with a carrot that rises from the Earth and says "All right, you guys. They\'re gone now."'] ['The film takes place in an old, worn down insane asylum in Auckland, New Zealand, run by Dr. Marlowe . Simon Cartwright , one of his patients, is seeking an appeal from a psychiatrist to get a reevaluation of his mental state. He wants to prove that he’s been cured; Simon is a serial killer that has killed over a dozen different people. He wants a psychiatrist from outside of the asylum to take his case, and he specifically asks for Dr. Karen Shumaker. Dr. Shumaker  has recently gained some publicity from winning a case involving another serial killer. There are two orderlies, Philip and Robert , who are in charge of watching over the insane asylum’s patients. They are always harassing and abusing Simon. In the opening scene they bring him to a visitor’s room and cover the camera up so they can start beating him up. They also spit in his food and are always violent and aggressive with him. When Dr. Shumaker arrives, she argues with Dr. Marlowe about seeing Cartwright; they don’t quite see eye to eye. Marlowe accuses her of only doing it to increase her publicity; however she tells him that it is Simon that has personally asked for her and so she proceeds with the visit. As she is led to the room where Simon is waiting, there is another patient, Marge  roaming in the hallway outside the room Simon is in. She attacks Dr. Shumaker telling her to watch out for “The Ugly.” When Shumaker finally gets to the interview room she and Cartwright begin their session. Simon does not have a specific type of victim; this is not typical in a serial killer. His kills are random and Dr. Shumaker wants to know why. She asks if he feels any remorse or guilt, but he does not. All he says is that he simply had to kill them. As they talk through their session, the movie shifts to a number of flashbacks. First they delve into Simon\'s childhood, only to find out that he was bullied as a child and that his mother abused him. As an adolescent, the only person he had ever cared about, Julie , was driven away by his mother . In response to this, Simon ends up slashing his mother\'s throat. He tries to make it look like a robbery took place and burns the house down, but the cops figure out what really happened. Simon is then locked away in an asylum for five years. Once he is released, he starts killing again. He kills lots of different people; his victims range from men to women, old and young. It seems as though there is no pattern in the way he chooses his victims, that it’s all the same to him. However, we learn of an instance in which he spares the life of a thirteen year old deaf girl. He tells Dr. Shumaker that he did not kill the girl because she was different: she was like him. Although he does not have a specific type of victim, Simon does have a signature method of killing. He slashes people’s throats with a large straight razor. He says that it is “the ugly” that makes him kill; it will not leave him alone until he has satisfied its voice. As Dr. Shumaker delves deeper into his psyche, she discovers that Simon, who claims to be haunted by the voices of his victims telling him to kill, as well as a malignant alternate persona called "The Ugly," may not be so much crazy as he is tortured inside from years of physical and psychological abuse.'] ["After being cursed by their mother, a caveman brother and sister are forced to live their lives by preying on young people in a park and devouring their entrails in order to stay young. After 12,000 years of killing they attempt to lift the curse and become immortal by finding a virgin's soul they can sacrifice, with the brother fathering a daughter for that purpose."] ['In the "cartoon dimension" mad scientist Doctor Carnage experiments on a man, then disembowels him and rips his skull out through his stomach. On Earth, sisters Cindy and Candy are left alone with Cindy\'s friend Amy when the girls\' parents go to a wedding. While Cindy and Amy call over Rick and Eddie, Candy watches a Terror Toons DVD she received in the mail up in her room. Created by Satan, the DVD depicts the antics of Doctor Carnage and his accomplice Max Assassin, a stolen lab monkey mutated into a monster by Carnage. As Cindy and her friends play Strip Ouija, Candy dozes off, being woken up when Carnage and Max appear in her room. The two rip Candy\'s spine out, behead her friend Tommy when he drops by, dismember a pizza delivery man with a giant pizza cutter, and do a hypnotic disco dance number that causes Eddie to vomit up his own innards. When Cindy, Amy and Rick try to escape, they find all the doors have been replaced with vertigo-inducing spirals. Rick is taken and has his brain experimented on by Carnage and Max, and Cindy and Amy are separated when a police officer released from Terror Toons is blown up by a stick of dynamite hidden in a box of donuts. Cindy is captured by Carnage, and along with the lobotomized Rick, is forced to watch as Carnage and Max saw Amy in half as apart of a magic act. The two villains then take Cindy to a cartoon version of Hell and present her to the Devil, who explains he intends on using Terror Toons to ravage the Earth and corrupt children. Realizing that "anything goes" in cartoons, Cindy becomes a superhero and challenges the Devil, who sends her back to her house. Upon discovering a machine producing Terror Toons DVDs, Cindy is attacked by Max, but she uses her new powers to snap his neck, and stomp his brains out. When Carnage comes at her with a giant axe, Cindy uses it against him, cutting his head in half with it. As tiny monsters pour out of Carnage\'s split skull, Cindy destroys the Terror Toons DVD press with a crowbar. Sometime later, the parents return, and find Rick banging his head against a wall while Cindy laughs hysterically, surrounded by the remains of her friends and sister. Next door, a boy finds another copy of Terror Toons in his mailbox, and rushes inside with it. The boy\'s front door slams shut, and Carnage\'s giggle is heard.'] ['Deep in the rural swamps of Texas the insane Dr. Simond Trent is conducting experiments on the local swamp people in an attempt to discover the secret of evolution. When a party of oil surveyors comes upon his isolated laboratory he decides to take the final step and turn one of them into a grotesque amphibious creature.'] ['A group of pleasure-seeking twenty-somethings enter a strip club and discover that it is a satanic establishment that requires them to check their souls at the door. In order to make it through the night alive, they have to battle with a horde of blood-drinking she-demons whose power is drawn directly from the lord of the underworld.http://allmovie.com/work/devils-den-382450'] ['A group of young students lost in the Italian Alps become victims of an ancient Gladiator curse. One of the students becomes possessed and hunts down the rest.'] ['The film focuses on Second Lieutenant Bart Gregory  who has been killed under mysterious circumstances in Iraq.A Trailer for The Revenant Finds Its Way Online Even though his friends and girlfriend Janet  attend his funeral, Bart finds himself anything but at rest.Trailer for Widely Praised \'The Revenant\' Enlisting the help of his best friend, Joey Leubner , Bart begins to understand and learn how to deal with his new undead state; mainly, the fact that Bart needs blood to hold back decomposition and that he returns to a state of in-animation during daylight hours. Joey does research online to find out what Bart is and seems to be stuck between a Zombie and Vampire, finally stating that Bart is a Revenant. While buying beer from a small store in Koreatown, Bart and Joey become vigilantes when Bart both kills and feeds off of a gangster who is holding up the store. They enjoy the media coverage of the incident, and Joey asks Bart to bestow him with the "dark gift". Bart refuses to do so and laughs the idea off. However, after their next attempt at vigilantism goes wrong and Joey is fatally wounded, Bart is forced to drink Joey\'s blood in order to save him. The two continue their vigilante killing spree for a while, until Mathilda , a friend of Janet who dislikes both Bart and Joey, follows them and threatens to reveal their activities to the world, especially Janet. Joey shoots Mathilda through the chest, but before she dies, she is able to send the information to Janet. Fearing they will be caught, Joey tells Bart to meet him back at the apartment with a packed bag in half an hour, then drives away mysteriously. Bart meets a teary Janet at the apartment, who forces him to explain the fact that he requires blood to stay stable. She then begs him to feed off of her instead, so that he will no longer need to kill. Bart loses control and drains her until she dies. Joey returns to the apartment with a "pimped out" hearse for the two to use, and suggests that they go to Las Vegas to continue their reign. However, after Bart shows him Janet\'s corpse, the two begin to fight, and proceed to shoot each other repeatedly, to no avail. Joey storms out and states that he will continue on to Vegas alone. Bart decapitates Janet in order to ensure her death, then drops her remains over the bridge where he and Joey usually disposed of their corpses. Bart is captured by SWAT teams and taken to jail, where, come dawn, he collapses in his cell. Upon nightfall, Bart reawakens in the morgue and escapes, returning to the apartment. Inside is a package containing Joey\'s severed head. Since he was decapitated at night, Joey is still "alive", and Bart uses a vibrating dildo to enable Joey\'s head to talk. Joey warns Bart that a gangbanger who was their first kill is after him, and then requests that Bart kill him for good. Bart crushes Joey\'s head underneath a bulldozer, and then tries to find a way to kill himself. Against normal convention, a bullet through the brain does not have the desired effect, and neither does hanging himself with Christmas lights. He even throws himself in front of the subway train, but only succeeds in severing his arm. Bart then boards a train, where he finds and reads a letter left to him at his funeral by Janet. He breaks down and attacks the only other passenger. He is caught and flees into the station where more SWAT teams attempt to catch him. He finally escapes to a hilltop and at dawn collapses once more, while he is being surrounded by men in hazmat suits. The film then cuts to a tour of sorts, where various military personnel are being shown revenants in glass containers, including Bart. A General asks Bart if he was a soldier, and then states that this fact may give him an advantage. Bart is then shown in a large canister being airdropped into Iran, along with the other revenants, where the canister opens upon landing, releasing him on the country.'] ["After a bank robbery, four criminals try to escape to the village of Santo Cristo in Acapulco, but they hijack the plane when a storm requires the pilot to start to turn around. They force the pilot to continue flying. After the copilot struggles with one of the hijackers, the plane's instrument panel is destroyed and it crashes. Most of the passengers and one of the hijackers die in the crash. The criminals gather the remaining passengers, killing those too injured to be of use, and force the rest to haul their loot through the swamp to the town they need to reach to finish their escape. While they gather the loot, a crocodile suddenly emerges from the water and eats the pilot. The criminals empty three guns into it, killing it. As they travel through the swamp, they start falling prey to the dead crocodile's furious 30 foot mother (The crocodile from the [[Crocodile . As the passengers struggle to survive crocodile, the only hope for rescue is in the hands of Zach, the boyfriend of one of the stewardesses and a tracker he runs into a bar that he hires to search for the crashed plane. Max  forces the tracker to leave Mia  and Zach behind. But during the flight, Roland  grabbed Max's gun and shot Max to the chest, killing him. When Roland tries to turn back, his chopper was grabbed by the crocodile. The croc left Roland to die in an explosion. Mia  Zach became the only survivors and kill the croc by using a life boat's gasoline and lighting it with her lighter, resulting in the croc blowing up. At the end of the film, Mia and Zach are at a resort swimming. As Mia jumps in the water the croc appears and eats her, she then wakes up, realizing that it was just a dream. A loud roar is heard as the camera zooms out the swamp, foreshadowing another beast of some sort."] ['A group of friends investigate various strange events and find themselves trapped in a house at the mercy of a strange doctor and his various hideous "creations".'] ['Six college archeology students work on a dig in the California desert, despite the warnings of a professor and the town drunk. When the group digs around in an Indian burial ground for artifacts, they unleash the evil spirit of Black Claw. The spirit possesses one of the group and begins slaughtering them one by one.'] ["A homeless schizophrenic , thinks he's an alien zombie sent to earth. Roaming the streets of Los Angeles in search of dead bodies, he tries to bring the dead back to life by engaging in homosexual sex."] ["Susan Stevenson  is trying to find her missing anthropologist husband Henry in the jungles of New Guinea. She and her brother Arthur enlist the services of Professor Edward Foster , who thinks her husband might have headed for the mountain Ra Ra Me, which is located just off the coast on the island of Roka. The locals believe that the mountain is cursed, and the authorities won't allow expeditions there. So they surreptitiously head on into the jungle to see if that's where he went. They eventually make it to the island, and after a few run-ins against some unfriendly anacondas, alligators and tarantulas, they meet another jungle explorer named Manolo  who's been staying at a nearby mission camp, and agrees to join them in their expedition. Matters become complicated when it then turns out that each of them has their own private reasons for coming to the island, and finding Susan's husband wasn't part of any of them. Susan and Arthur have secretly been looking for uranium deposits, and then Foster reveals that he has only come there because he had been on the island a few years previously and was taken captive by a tribe of primitive cannibals; he has only returned to see if they still exist, and wipe them out. However, Foster later dies when climbing up a waterfall. Upon arriving at the mountain, Arthur is killed and Manolo and Susan are immediately captured by cannibals and taken to their camp. There they find the primitives worshipping the remains of Susan's husband as they can hear his Geiger counter ticking, and believe it to be his heart still working. Susan is subsequently spared, while the cannibals feast on human and reptile flesh. She is stripped naked, tied up, and smeared with an orange cream by two native girls for what is supposed to be a session of honey torture, but she is instead turned into a goddess. Manolo is tied up and tortured, while the others are turned into the dish-of-the-day. Manolo and Susan eventually escape after enduring the ordeal."] ["Fuad Ramses III  returns to Miami to reopen his grandfather's defunct catering company. This arouses the interest of the local sheriff , who holds Fuad's family reputation in ill favor. Fuad is soon, however, asked to cater the sheriff's wedding by his mother-in-law, Mrs. Lamply , and fiancee, Tiffani . After finding his grandfather's statue of Ishtar, an Egyptian goddess, in a utility closet, he becomes possessed by her evil spirit. He then goes on to create the 'blood feast' his grandfather failed to do, by killing young women in the area and making them into party food for the wedding."] ['A new rock-n-roll band plays at a sleepy town called Mill Basin, causing the town\'s kids to turn into rockers. However, what the town doesn\'t know is that the band is also turning kids into demonic monsters. The soundtrack features many prominent bands at the time such as King Kobra, Tempest, Hallow\'s Eve, Lizzy Borden, among others. Most of the music for the band "Black Roses" was performed by the members of King Kobra, with Mark Free on vocals, and Carmine Appice on drums.'] ['Prison-A-Go-Go! tells the story of a sweet, innocent young woman named Callista who is abducted for "scientific reasons” and taken far away. Now it is up to her bright sister, Janie to solve the mystery and take a crack at rescuing her little sister. But the only clue she finds leads to a notorious prison in the Philippines, where committing a crime may be the only way in. The film was marketed as being filled with multiple shower scenes, girls running amok, kung fu food fights, ninjas, mutant zombies, evil scientists, genetic mutation, and mud wrestling.Prison-A-Go-Go! - INFO'] ['An earthquake leaves the California coastline in ruins and reduces the beaches to a state of chaos. A group of Neo-Nazis led by Adolf , the self-proclaimed "Führer of the new beach," takes advantage of the resulting chaos by fighting off several rival surfer gangs to seize control of the beaches. Meanwhile, an African American oil well worker named Leroy  is killed by the Nazis while jogging on the beach. Leroy\'s mother "Mama" Washington , devastated by the loss of her son, vows revenge. After arming herself with a handgun and grenades, she breaks out of her retirement home and sets out to exact bloody vengeance on the Surf Nazis.'] ['After World War 3, the dead have risen and are eating the living after the sun goes down. A group of survivors are held up in a building fighting off the undead. One night though, the zombies break through and the group is forced to evacuate. They find themselves running through the woods, trying at all costs to stay alive.'] ["The lead singer of boy band 'Take 10' vanishes. The band conducts an American Idol type contest to find a replacement."] ['A heavenly paradise becomes a hellish nightmare when a toxic spill turns harmless ants into gigantic rampaging monster insects. The opening narration briefly introduces the viewer to the ant and it\'s behavior. It takes note how ants use pheromones to communicate, and how they cause an obligatory response that must be obeyed. "But human don\'t have to worry about that...." As the opening credits roll, barrels of radioactive waste are being dumped off a boat into the ocean. Eventually one of the barrels washes up on the shore and begins to leak a silvery goo attractive to local ants. Meanwhile, shady land developer Marilyn Fryser  takes a bunch of new clients to view some \'beach-front property\' on a nearby island. In reality the land is worthless, but the trip is cut short by the group stumbling upon the lair of gigantic ants. The ants destroy their boat and chases the others through the woods. Fleeing for their lives through the wilderness and losing many of their party along the way; the remaining survivors eventually discover the local island town. But their safety is short lived when they realize that not only are the giant ants feeding on the local sugar factory, but at the behest of the humans. The Queen ant, using pheromones has the entire town completely under control, and the giant ants are determined to exterminate humankind and build an evil empire. However, the survivors manage to escape and burn the sugar factory, killing the giant ants and leave the island by a speedboat.'] ["An attorney arrives at a castle to settle the estate of its recently deceased owner. The owner's wife and daughter reveal that he was someone who was able to summon the souls of ancient plague victims and, in fact, his spirit was roaming the castle at that very moment. Soon occupants of the castle begin to die off in gruesome, violent ways."] ["Author and amateur astronomer John Putnam  and schoolteacher Ellen Fields  watch a meteorite crash near the small town of Sand Rock, Arizona. After visiting the crash site, John notices a strange object in the crater and believes that it wasn't a meteorite that crashed after all, but an alien spaceship. After a landslide covers the mysterious craft, John's story is ridiculed by the townspeople, sheriff , and local media. Even Ellen is unsure of what to believe, but agrees to assist John in his investigation. Over the next several days, a number of local people disappear. A few return but they seem distant and dazed. Eventually, Sheriff Warren becomes convinced that a meteorite wasn't involved and he organizes a posse to hunt down the invaders. Alone, John hopes to reach a peaceful solution, so he goes into a mine which he hopes will lead him to the buried spacecraft and its occupants. It ends up that the aliens are benign beings whose spacecraft crashed because of malfunctioning components. They planned to stay on Earth long enough to replace the parts, then continue their voyage. They temporarily took control of a few humans since they looked so different than humans and could not move about inconspicuously, since humans would panic. When they finally repair their ship and leave, all of the missing and controlled townspeople returned to normal."] ['Two men are hunting in the jungle of Cameroon when one from another group of two people calls and says that his guide is missing. Then one can hear on the radio that someone is being attacked by what sounds like a wild animal. A human-like creature rips the leg off of one of the men. A protagonist finds his brother dying. Years later, the man\'s nephew Derek is going up to his stepfathers cabin with Sam and his 4 other friends. They spend 5 hours finding the cabin, but finally find it. The werewolf shows up and first kills one of the couples outside having sex. It then breaks in a locked room then rapes and kills the last girl. It kills everyone except the fraternity pledge and his girlfriend. The two of them go back to civilization and start to suspect that Derek\'s stepfather is a werewolf. Shortly after they try to find facts for why they believe that the stepfather is the werewolf. Because of this the main character\'s uncle dies and the wolf then goes after Derek and Sam He kidnaps Sam and demands Derek to meet him in the cabin that night, alone. A group of other teenagers go to the cabin because "it\'s the place where the students got murdered" and the werewolf kills them one at a time. Derek and Sam fight with silver knives on arrows to try to kill the werewolf. Eventually, he is set on fire and the cabin burns down. Derek and Sam embrace, but the werewolf is not dead and bites the boy saying "my curse is now yours" and dies. Derek worries about his future, but Sam promises to stick by him whatever happens, and they drive off together on her moped. After the credits end the wolf is shown moving his fingers slightly.'] ['A group of young actors rehearsing a new play in a derelict theatre at the end of a seaside pier begin being murdered one by one.'] ["When a hot-air balloon crashes on a remote and uncharted island, the crew discovers Dr. Frankenstein's descendant carrying on the family work, along with a race of mutants and a population of Amazons..."] ["The film begins like a '80s comedy with teens looking to purchase some marijuana but turns into comedy/horror genre when a drug dealer is pushed into the river and becomes a zombie."] ['Alison  is a cheerleader at Lindo Valley who is grappling with feelings of inadequacy. Alison, along with her flirtatious boyfriend  and fellow cheerleaders, attend Camp Hurrah, a cheerleading camp, with hopes of winning the All State finals. Alison is haunted by nightmares of murders that soon manifest themselves into reality. After discovering several people murdered at the camp, Alison soon begins to think that she is the killer.[[New York Times] Review Summary]'] ['The film is a psychological suspense drama that centers on one family from Kodiak, Alaska. The town’s citizens disappear during the night mysteriously. Mickey Allen, played by Robert Wagner, is alive to find out what happened to them. Another single survivor offers mysterious clues. Meanwhile his sister Lauren, played by Rachel Pinto, is trapped in a pure white cell and is forced to do her own searching of the past. Ronald Jerry wrote and directed the film which starred Rachel Pinto as Lauren Allen.'] ['Six Yankee tourists are lured into the fictional small Southern town Pleasant Valley by the redneck citizens to be the guests of honor for the centennial celebration of the day Union troops destroyed the town. The tourists are separated and forced to participate in various sick games which lead to their gory deaths. The methods employed by the festive townspeople include: * Dismembering a woman with an axe, and thereafter roasting her in a barbecue pit; * Staging a "horse race" in which a man is ripped limb from limb; * Rolling a man downhill in a barrel embedded with nails; * Crushing a woman with a boulder held aloft in a contraption resembling a carnival-style dunk tank. After discovering the nefarious plans of the townspeople, the two remaining tourists manage to escape. They then return with a local sheriff, only to discover that the town has disappeared. The film ends with two of the townspeople looking forward to the next centennial in 2065, when Pleasant Valley will rise again to resume its vendetta against the Yankees.'] ['On Mayday 1998 in the town of Dunwich, Massachusetts, Elizabeth gathers together a group of specially selected friends for a rather odd party. It turns out that she is the descendent of a malevolent witch named Lilith who was burned at the stake precisely three hundred years ago. Now Elizabeth hopes to resurrect her dreadful ancestor and has a specific  need for the guests she has chosen.'] ["Benedict High School's cheerleaders aren't shy and sweet. The football team knows them well - and Billy, the school's disturbed janitor, would like to. In the locker room, the girls shower and dress, unaware of the evil eyes which secretly watch them. They don't know that a curse has been placed on their clothes. And they don't know that their trip to the first big game of the season might sideline them for eternity. Will the cheerleaders succumb to the dark ritual of sexual sacrifice and death that's been plotted for them?"] ['{{Empty section}} A Texas community is beset with a rash of mysterious killings involving some of the students from the local college. The sheriff investigating the deaths discovers the startling identity of the killer responsible for the murders. A NASA experiment involving cosmic rays has mutated an ape and turned it into an unstoppable killing machine with a thirst for blood.'] ['Five children crawl from the wreckage of a deadly van accident in a snowy canyon. The juvenile survivors seek shelter at a secluded mountaintop winter home occupied by a rich businessman  and his friends . Soon, strange mishaps occur and the group is stranded without electricity and telephones. One by one, the adults begin to fall prey to a series of shocking and violent deaths. By the time the few surviving adults suspect the demented delinquents it may be too late.'] ['Jolly Roger comes back from the dead and kills descendants of his crew who mutinied against him 300 years earlier.'] ["After refusing a request from frisky customer Buck , prostitute Clara Wood  is evicted from the town brothel by the madam, Miss Hattie . Clara makes her way to a decrepit hotel where she encounters the mentally disturbed proprietor Judd  and his pet Nile crocodile in the swamp beside the porch. Upon realizing Clara was a prostitute, Judd attacks her while ranting and raving. Judd stabs her with a pitchfork and feeds her to the crocodile. Soon afterwards a fractious couple, Faye  and the disturbed Roy ([[William Finley , arrive at the hotel, along with their young daughter Angie . They soon experience the trauma of Angie's dog being eaten by the crocodile. Faye and Roy take their daughter to their room to try to calm her down. Meanwhile, Harvey Wood  and his daughter Libby arrive seeking information on Clara, Harvey's daughter, however soon leave to try to locate her at the brothel. Roy decides to shoot the crocodile for eating their dog, and while in the process is stabbed by Judd with a scythe before being attacked and devoured by the crocodile. After getting Angie to sleep, Faye goes into the bathroom for a bath, however is interrupted by Judd who begins to beat her. Angie wakes up and flees the hotel, however is trapped underneath the hotel by Judd, who proceeds to tie up Faye in a bedroom. Accompanied by Sheriff Martin , Harvey and Libby question Miss Hattie, who denies ever seeing Clara. Harvey returns to the hotel while Libby stays in town to eat. He hears Angie's crying, and while investigating is attacked by Judd who stabs him in the neck with his scythe before being dragged into the swamp by the crocodile. While Sheriff Martin and Libby are at the bar, Martin kicks out Buck and his girlfriend Lynette  after a fight nearly breaks out. The pair venture to the hotel, much to the annoyance of Judd who had already warned Buck away from his land. While in their room, they hear Angie's cries for help. Buck goes to investigate and is pushed into the swamp by Judd, where he is quickly eaten. Lynette hears the commotion, and goes outside only to be chased by Judd and his scythe. She manages to flag down a passing car and get away. Libby arrives back at the hotel and goes up to her room. Judd arrives back also, and opens up the gate for the crocodile to get in under the house so it can eat Angie. Meanwhile, Libby discovers Faye tied up in the bedroom. After untying her, the women attempt to leave, however Judd chases them back upstairs where he wounds Faye with the scythe. Libby escapes and begins to help Angie out of the swamp she has manages to get into. Judd throws Faye off a balcony, before he attempts to push Angie back into the swamp, but Faye arrives and pushes Judd into the swamp, where he is devoured by his pet crocodile."] ['Vampires are finding their own undead bodies being mutated by the pollution of the host\'s blood, tainted with hard drugs and sexually transmitted diseases, alcohol, diabetes, anti-depressants, and cigarettes: substances that change the blood and makes it undrinkable for vampires. The scarcity of good blood has incited an underground civil war between various groups of vampires. A clique of 4 vampires, led by Benedict , struggle to find sustenance by seeking victims with untainted blood. The group is being stalked by a samurai sword-wielding vampire-killing Priest , who leaves a note on the bodies of slain vampires in the form of a playing card inscribed with the words "Live Evil". In order to survive both their race\'s own fierce infighting and the biological pollution found in human blood, the group desperately seeks out Max , a "blood pusher" who steals from hospital blood banks to offer the freshest and purest blood around. But they may not have time to enjoy it, because the vengeful Priest is hot on their trail.<ref namehttp://www.dreadcentral.com/news/32439/live-evil-coming-theatres-this-september | titleDread Central | dateAugust 17, 2011}}<ref namehttp://twitchfilm.com/news/2007/05/teaser-trailer-for-jay-woelfels-live-evil.php | titleTwitch Film | dateAugust 17, 2011}}'] ["When a clan of hillbilly dirtfarmers turn a misplaced barrell of chemical waste into a whiskey still, going blind is the least of their worries as the toxic moonshine turns them into REDNECK ZOMBIES! Now they're ready to invite a group of wayward yankees to a down-home feast of southern-fried gore and mayhem that will turn your stomach and tickle your funny bone!"] ["A group of young forest rangers and their girlfriends go camping in the woods for what they hope to be a fun-filled weekend only to find their plans spoiled by a disguised, merciless killer who stalks the forest in search of fresh victims. Soon they are caught in a terrifying game of bloodshed and murder. It is up to the remaining few victims to defend themselves, turn the tables on the killer and put an end to their trip of terror. A young Couple loses motorbike in control and falls on the ground, Jim was badly hurt, and Lori finds some help. she found an abandoned cabin but no one is there. she runs back to Jimmy where she finds him Dead hanging on the tree, she screams so loud and runs back to the old cabin. While running, she steps on a trap full of sharp objects killing her. Weeks later, a group of campers arrive at the forest where the killings happened. Mr and Mrs. Morgan have some hesitations with their Daughter Windy, they don't want her to go but she declines and still joined the campers. Sammie also declined the invitation to join. The campers include Dennis, Margaret, Windy, Marco, Nathaniel, Boone, Eggar, Vanessa, Mike and Melanie. The group cleans a part of a forest and gather supplies for the camping. The group spend the night with a bonfire. some of them decided to have a trekking, and scare the girls by making sounds of a wolf. They woke up early in the morning but Marco and Eggar was missing. The three of boys search for him,on the far woods, and the others search him nearby the camp. Mike took a swim and Melanie followed him. While making sex, Mike was stabbed by a sharp tool on his back repeatedly by a strange creature, Melanie screams in terror while watching her lover die. Nathaniel and Dennis found an abandoned cabin, and found some valuables there. they found an old grave and Dennis comes inside the cabin to investigate. Nathaniel hear Dennis scream and he immediately comes inside only to be attacked by a strange old lady, but revealed to be Dennis that has a plan to scare him. Nathaniel became angry and fights with him. they were shocked to found some things inside the house that are being used and new, they stole some of the things and food. while opening the cabinet they found a decapitated head of a wolf, so they got scared and head back to the camp. The night turns out and some of the campers got missing. While sleeping, Margaret was attacked by the strange creature, the guys hear her scream and everybody woke up. she confesses hysterically what she saw to the other campers. Boone comforts her not to panic. the campers hear a strange noise and they followed it only to found Marco who has returned to the camp. Vanessa got angry for the guys scaring the girls so she separated to the group. She found the old cabin and go inside, she opens one of the drawers and a decapitated head of Mike falls off her, she panics and screams. Nathaniel immediately finds her as well as the group. The group searches for Melanie, They decided to spend the night there for the safety thinking it was much more safer there. The morning comes up as they try to capture the man who killed Mike. they go to the old cabin, Nathaniel comes inside, as well as the group unknowingly Melanie was down under the basement with the killer. they saw a decapitated hand in a jar and Margaret saw it, so they try to flee and get the rubber boat on the cabin. They raft along the river, unknowingly the creature is following them. while rafting, the creature throws the dead body of Melanie in the boat causing chaos. They bury the dead body of Melanie near the river. the group continues to raft along the river but the way got much more smaller and smaller and more stones so its harder to raft, Vanessa cant swim and she falls off, they try to get her into the boat again. they finally reach the end of the river and found their bus now empty, the bus was on the top of the bridge knowing its a trap, they investigate to it first. They try to fix the bus but not worthy cause its broken so they decided to spend the night there, but things come worst when the creature attack the bus, it almost killed Vanessa when it strikes an axe on the window, and the creature comes inside but the group is trapped and tries to open the back door but its locked.They opened it and run away from the bus. Windy got separated and lost. Windy searches them only to be stabbed by the creature on her neck, and she falls on the hollow ground. the group hears her scream and followed her. she is badly hurt and bleeds, Dennis and Marco decided to go back to the bus to get the first aid. The group again tries to search for the forests exit, and encounters its terrains and vast environment. Dennis now out of his mind found a large hole with magic mushrooms, and calls the group. They gather supplies and make a wear for themselves to reflect it as a camouflage. Dennis climbs one of the highest trees. Marco was searching for Eggar, but Eggar appears, and he strangled Marco, but the group attack Eggar, knowing he killed Mike and Melanie, but the creature appears. while Dennis is watching behind it cuts off his ankles making him fall from the cliff killing him. the creature rises up and screams, revealing to be Eggar's long lost mother. As she walks down, she steps one of the traps killing her. Eggar appears to be devastated and knocked out. Now, the survivors - Margaret, Windy, Vanessa, Nathaniel, Boone, and Marco watch in horror as Eggar's mother hangs dead on the trap."] ['A southern town is simultaneously attacked by a UFO and zombies . A government agent  parachutes in to investigate reports of UFO sightings. Upon arriving, he finds zombies springing from the graveyard. He is killed by one of them . From here, the movie splits into four main stories.  Three men must defend their hunting club from attacking zombies, which can only be killed by head wounds. The men encounter the zombies outside their hunting lodge, but having neglected to bring any guns with them, they split up in the woods in an attempt to escape. Two of the men make it back to their hunting lodge and begin firing on the zombies. One of the men try to contact the sheriff\'s office, but the sheriff is out and they are advised by an agent from the Department of Home Land Defense to shoot the zombies in the head and avoid being bitten. The third man is wounded and makes it back to the lodge after his two friends have dispatched the zombies. His friends ask him what caused his wound and he claims he ran into a tree, when in fact he was bitten by a zombie. The men leave the woods to help defend the town. Eventually, the two non-infected friends are forced to kill the wounded man when he begins to show signs of infection. Lee, one of the remaining men, goes to a grocery store, where he is accused of being a zombie himself. The grocery store employees begin brutally beating him, which is eventually fatal. His friend  walks by the store and witnesses what is happening to him, but is too late to stop it. He goes to a strip club. The strippers have been zombified and chase him out, but he learns they are afraid of the dark. After calling the local radio station with this information, he returns to his house, which his two daughters have been left to defend alone. Keith takes his daughters and the secretary from the police station and her ex-boyfriend with him and they flee the town in Keith\'s SUV. However as they are leaving the town, Keith\'s youngest daughter states that she is hungry and wants something to eat. Keith promises her they will get some food soon. But she grabs Keith\'s hand and bites him, and the SUV careens off the road.  A man is found naked in the graveyard, looking for his car and girlfriend after being briefly abducted by aliens. He goes to the police station, where he is able to find a pair of pants, and meets up with a group of a couple other guys and the secretary of the police station. He and she go off into town, do very little, and ultimately ending up at the same house as the man in story 1.  The town\'s preacher is attacked by a zombie in his church and is forced to kill the zombie while sustaining a bite wound on his hand. A worried woman asks him to give an impromptu sermon later in the day to comfort the people of the town. The preacher then goes and looks for some alcohol to dull the pain in his hand. However he lives in a dry county. The preacher is forced to steal some liquor from a party being hosted by a pushy woman who borrowed folding chairs from him earlier in the day. The woman tries to stop him but he bites her, and is then horrified by his newfound bloodlust. Later, he gives his flock the requested sermon in the form of an angry rant. He tells his flock that they should not expect the comfort and answers that they seek, when they can\'t even be bothered to attend regular services. Then he tells them that this is the end of the world, and he states he has no answers and shows them the wound on his hand. A zombie walks in and then the preacher kills the zombie, protecting his flock when, yet again, they show themselves to be incapable or unwilling to act for themselves. The preacher then asks God to forgive him and shoots himself in the head and splatters his blood on a woman of his congregation, and she screams. This ends the preacher story thread.  The scene opens on Chuck sleeping on the floor of his store, "Chuck\'s Super Video World". He is awakened by one of his customers banging on his front door trying to return a DVD because the drop-box is full of anti-Hollywood pamphlets. The two men have a discussion about wide-screen vs. full-screen, and to make his customer happy, Chuck lets him have a free rental of the full-screen version of Citizen Kane. Chuck then hears something in the back of his store and goes to investigate the noise. He finds nothing at first, but then a zombie grabs him and pulls him back into the store. The zombie and Chuck fight briefly, and Chuck knocks out the zombie with a VCR to the head. The VCR then ejects Chuck\'s missing copy of Night of the Living Dead. Chuck attempts to contact the chief of police but he is out of town, and the secretary asks him to call back on Monday when the chief returns. Chuck then calls his mother and asks her how to get blood out of his t-shirt because he got blood on himself while fighting the zombie, and after she gives him a brief history of stain removal, she reveals that hydrogen peroxide works best. Chuck tells his mother what happened and makes plans to dispose of the corpse. Chuck loads the zombie into his truck and takes it to the police station and leaves it there with a post it note on the head with his name and number on it and instructions for the police chief to contact him on Monday when he gets back. Chuck leaves to go to breakfast and becomes aggravated when the restaurant he chooses doesn\'t have any Coke but offers him Pepsi instead. Chuck is next seen eating his breakfast as the character Chris sits down and starts talking to him about the corpse that Chuck left at the police station when Barbara, the secretary at the police station, calls looking for Chris. The two men go to the cemetery to look for Barbara\'s car which was taken by the agent from the Dept of Homeland Defense. They get to the cemetery and find the agent and Michael, and give them both a ride back to the police station. Everyone decides to try to find Barbara\'s car while Chuck volunteers to stay behind in case someone calls the police station. Chuck kills time by smoking some confiscated marijuana and waiting for the college football game to come on. Chuck watches TV while waiting for the game to come on and is upset when the game is preempted for a news report about the zombies in town. The newscaster then calls the police station and gets Chuck. The newscaster assumes that Chuck is a cop, but Chuck corrects him and then asks the newscaster to put the game back on, but the newscaster is persistent and gets Chuck to talk about the zombies. After telling what he knows about the zombies, Chuck again tries to get the newscaster to put the game back on; unfortunately it does not work, and the news broadcast continues. Later Chuck finds out from a radio broadcast that the zombies are afraid of the dark and waits for night to fall before trying to make his escape. Chuck is the last character seen alive and he is about to leave the police station to make a run for it, when he hears that the game is about to be broadcast. Chuck checks his watch and sees that he has enough time to watch the game, and sits down to watch as the movie ends and the credits roll.'] ['{{plot}} In 2004, the puppets along with the formula are now in the ownership of Andre Toulon\'s great-grandnephew Robert Toulon and his daughter Alexandra. Robert and his daughter are both very brainy and very childlike and collect, fix and build dolls and puppets for a living. Ever since Robert inherited his great-grandfather\'s puppets he has been trying to create his own life force potion based on Toulon\'s diary entries using alcohol and blood . One Christmas Eve Alex and Robert finally figure out how to make the potion and bring the puppets to life. Toulon explains to the awakened puppets who he is and they are quick to accept their new master. Meanwhile an evil toy manufacturer Erica Sharpe was apparently a spoiled child with a father who owned a toy factory and would do anything for her. When she begged her father for him to get her toys that live, when he couldn\'t get them he tried to live up to his goal as a nice father and went to the length of getting in contact with Bael  in which he made a deal to have toys that live in exchange for his soul. The toys which he was given were found in the darkest corners of hell and had previously raised a lot of havoc elsewhere. After Erica\'s father dies, the toy company is handed down to her. After getting fed up with her rude toy companions who fail to behave or follow any of her orders, she does some research and uncovers Andre Toulon\'s epic tale and learns of the living, loyal puppets who are now in the hands of a former employee at her toy factory that she fired Robert Toulon. She has had a secret spy camera in the Toulon residence for a long time and after watching Robert and Alex finally find the formula and bring them to life, she orders a team of thieves to break into the Toulon residence and retrieve the puppets, but when they do the puppets put up a fight and the workshop is set ablaze where the puppets are burnt by the accident from Six Shooter. Robert fixes up the puppets with new cyborg parts and powerful new weapons which will come very much in handy.Meanwhile, Erica leads a girl into her trap, by convincing her to open a Jack in the box, only to find out it is Jack Attack. The girl is then tortured by the toys, making Oopsie Daisy rip open her shirt and bite at her breasts. She is then lead to an iron maiden, and forced in there. Ericas servants activate the trap, and the spikes move forward and kill her. Her blood goes into a well which triggers a demon. Erica becomes bored of life and has another evil plan up her sleeve, using the help of a certain demon she mass-markets demonic toys which appear harmless on the outside, but on Christmas Day all the toys will awaken and kill. When Bael learns of Erica\'s obsession towards Robert Toulon\'s puppets he remembers that centuries ago a doctor by the name of Shaun Paul Toulon made a deal with him that he\'d hand over his soul for the secrets of alchemy but after Bael came to collect the soul it had apparently wandered deep into a black forest and become lost and entangled with an ancient oak. That very tree was the one Andre Toulon used to carve his first retro puppets. Still being a selfish unforgivable demon like Bael, Sean Paul Toulon\'s debt still needs to be paid off so he makes a deal with Erica that in exchange of Alex Toulon\'s life he will let her keep the Toulon puppets and bring all the evil toys to life. Robert Toulon discovers the spy camera and has the idea that the thieves who broke into his workshop are connected with Sharpe toys, he goes over to the factory to see what is going on, there he is ambushed by an evil living Baby doll . On Toulon\'s return he discovers his daughter has been kidnapped. Robert assist the help of a friendly police officer Sargent Jessica Russell who on Christmas Day with the puppets break into Sharpe toys and have a final fight with Erica Sharpe and her demonic minions and Toulon and his loyal puppets. The demonic toys are no match for the puppets and quickly dispatched. Robert frees his daughter from the hands of her evil kidnappers and at sunrise Erica fails to live up to her deal to bring Alex Toulon to Bael so instead of bringing the toys to life he takes Erica back to his kingdom in hell where she will become his loyal slave for all eternity, after that, Pinhead was wounded. Saving the day and perhaps the world, the Toulons, their puppets and Jessica head off into the sunrise singing and going out for a Christmas dinner. At the end Baby Oopsy Daisy somehow survived in the well and says "Merry Christmas my ass, and a crappy New Year!" He then pops down.'] ['A young Psychology student is recruited by St. Andrews Mental Hospital and given the chance to care for mentally ill patients. His enthusiasm for his new job soon changes into concern when some of the patients die mysteriously and the behaviour of his colleagues becomes odd. He soon realises that a Devil has taken over the minds of the patients and that his colleagues are allowing it to harvest them.'] ['Anthropological professor Conrad Hamilton attempts to study a new species of primate, possibly the missing link between humanity and the great ape, found in a hidden valley deep within the jungles of Thailand. Hamilton\'s initial research team tries to capture one of these new  primates, but fail and are all killed. Hamilton and his assistant Chenne, who survive because they are away from the camp site, scour the area looking for clues and remains of their team. Meanwhile, another research team is inbound, this one a crew of college anthropology students with no idea of what they\'re in for. The students, Seth, Amy, Greg, Sydney, Josh, and Dani, are flown into a remote region of the Thai jungle, and picked up by a guide who drives them deeper into bush. He drops them off in a panic at the edge of trail/road, which leads further still into the foliage, claiming "bad things" are in there and won\'t go any further. He heads back the way he came, leaving the students to march forth into the unknown. They walk until they reach the end of trail and set up camp. As evening sets in, noises from the jungle raise suspicion until a set of glowing green eyes can be seen close by, watching. Just before the unknown creature attacks, Chenne arrives with a flare that scares off the unseen menace. Chenne escorts the students to the relative safety of Professor Hamilton\'s camp, and the following day they meet the obsessed man and somewhat learn of his mission and their purpose. Hamilton professes of dream findings in an uncharted valley located deep within the jungle and their potential for career-launching documentation. He has Chenne confiscate their mobile phones and hand out information bracelets for each member that contain all of their emergency contact info, then he leads the slightly unwilling team to the valley entrance. After a pep talk, Hamilton convinces the students to continue and rappel down the cliffside and into the valley, although Josh is injured during the process. On their first night in the valley, Hamilton passes around a skull and explains that it belongs to the creature he\'s looking for. The students cannot identify the skull since its characteristics are both human and primate in nature, but nearly twice the size of any known human or primate cranium. They are soon interrupted by a bloody survivor from the original research team, who Hamilton and Chenne quickly shelter and care for. The man dies shortly afterward, and Hamilton tells Chenne that the creatures let him go as a warning. During the night, Sydney visits the outhouse, only to be dragged away into the jungle. The next morning, Hamilton tells the team that Sydney came to him scared and homesick and wanted to go home, so Hamilton has Chenne take her out of the jungle, leaving everyone suspicious. However, in another part of the jungle, Chenne is dragging Sydney through the brush and eventually leaves her, battered and beaten. Sydney eventually stumbles into an unseen creature that tears the right side of her face off. The team continues to follow Hamilton and Chenne, who appear to be tracking something with a GPS reader. Unknown to the students, Hamilton is tracking each of the students by a hidden chipset in each of their bracelets. At the moment, he is tracking Sydney\'s bracelet. The team eventually demands more information about their expedition, and Hamilton comes mostly clean. The students remain unaware that they are being tracked, but resolve to steal the AK-47 in Hamilton\'s possession and maintain control of the situation to themselves. Seth begins leaving a trail through jungle by tying off pieces of cloth to trees. On their third night, while the students are beginning to fashion their plan for the following day, a foul-smelling rain begins pouring down on their tents. Just as they recognize the smell as urine, Josh is yanked out of his tent and dragged up into the trees. Panic sets in as the team scatters and begins following his screams through the jungle. As Greg attempts to save Josh, Chenne accidentally shoots him, but then proceeds to tie him to a tree as bait. She camps out nearby with her gun, but one of the monsters sneaks up on Chenne and kills her before mauling Greg. Hamilton runs across Seth during the chaos and knocks him unconscious after listening to his complaints. Hamilton locates the two remaining students, Dani and Amy, and continues his venture, ordering Dani to document everything with her video camera. Believing themselves to be the only survivors, both girls have little choice other than to follow the professor in hopes of being rescued. The professor successfully tracks Sydney\'s bracelet and finds it still attached to her severed arm which is dangling from a tree. Hamilton examines an apparent rigging done to the tree, only to spring a trap which results in several bamboo shoots impaling him through the back. He delivers a final address to the girls before he dies. Just as they turn to run, Seth appears, to their delight. They run back to their campsite, only to find it cleared of their tents and equipment. Completely panicked, they keep running while the creatures seem to be following close by in the brush and in the trees. Dani is soon pulled up into the trees and killed, leaving Seth and Amy. They run further still and reach a cave, where they see Seth’s entire cloth trail assembled and attached to the opening. They go into the cave and use a the night vision from Dani\'s video camera to move around. At least one of the creatures follows them into the cave, grabs Seth and kills him. Amy sheds light on one of the creatures for the first time, revealing it to be a huge gorilla with a bloody set of fangs. Several more gorillas enter the cave and Amy screams in terror as one of them bears down on her and kills her.{{cite web}}'] ["{{advert}} A secret government lab run by Dr. Stravinsky  has been trying to create the ultimate killer using the DNA of infamous killers Jeffrey Dahmer  and John Wayne Gacy , but there's one big problem: they've escaped. Bloody mayhem stretches across the United States as they go on the ultimate killing spree. Trying to stop the maniacal madness is Ringo , a hick warrior being trained by God , using only a shotgun and a bottle of whiskey. In his road trip to hell, he must first fight off his own demons, not to mention an army of Japanese ninjas and a super serial killer . It all leads up to the ultimate showdown."] ['Chloe Severin, a student of archaeology in the first semester, is participating in an excavation under the direction of Professor Vernet. According to legend, the heavily wooded location, Brocéliande, is the burial sight of King Arthur and the wizard Merlin. Soon after their arrival, a series of mysterious murders begins to thin the ranks of the participants, all victims brandishing wounds from Druids sickles. Upon pursuing the mystery and the excavation, Chloe encounters a very lively pagan cult and its horned priest.Brocéliande - Film de Doug Headline avec Cédric Chevalme'] ['Edward Tor Swenson  is a film cutter for the Loose Limbs horror film series. He slowly goes insane editing the gory scenes and goes on his own rampage as Evil Ed, beating the friendly filmgeek Nick  up, taking his girlfriend hostage and having a shootout with special forces lead by Gert Fylking.'] ["Ex-con John Martense  returns to his childhood home of Lefferts Corner after serving time for a crime he didn't commit. Martense visits family friend Knaggs , a mortician who has been holding half of a map for him. The map leads to a graveyard where Martense's father hid the money from his last heist. Arriving at an abandoned church, Martense is confronted by Cathryn , a young woman seeking revenge for the murder of her sister, and town doctor Dr. Haggis . This group is quickly joined by a trio of criminals who are looking to find the money John's father stole from them. What everyone is not aware of are the humanoid creatures lurking underneath the holy grounds."] ["During World War II, a small plane somewhere over the Caribbean runs low on fuel and is blown off course by a storm. Guided by a faint radio signal, they crash-land on an island. The passenger, his manservant and the pilot take refuge in a mansion owned by a doctor. The quick-witted yet easily-frightened manservant  soon becomes convinced the mansion is haunted by zombies, and confirms this with some of the doctor's hired help. Exploring, the three stumble upon a voodoo ritual being conducted in the cellar, where the doctor, who is in reality a foreign spy, is trying to acquire war intelligence from a captured US Admiral whose plane had crashed in a similar fashion on the island. But the interruption causes the zombies to turn on their master."] ['A brilliant professor invents a computer machine meant to better society. However, when her beautiful yet psychotic assistant gets a hold of it, she manipulates it to warp people\'s minds and turn them into crazed mutants. She selects three young college girls as her victims and invites them up to the professor\'s house for a weekend of torture and diabolical experiments. Luckily, the three girls are saved by the heroic woman only described as "Linda\'s Mother" . Linda is one of the three victims.'] ['A mad scientist performs experiments on "the criminal mind" on captured criminals on board his private ship.  {{Empty section}}'] ['The film follows two stories, one about the civilians trying to stay alive during the disaster, having to battle both "the crazies" as well as U.S. soldiers ordered to shoot on sight. The other involves the political and military leaders trying to contain the epidemic. Set in the small town of Evans City, Pennsylvania, the central characters are firefighter David , his girlfriend, nurse Judy and firefighter Clank . David was a Green Beret and Clank an infantryman, both having served in Vietnam. The town has seen a number of violent events, including arson at a local farm by a demented farmer. Judy and David are very concerned, since Judy is pregnant. Meanwhile, heavily armed U.S. troops in NBC suits and gas masks, arrive in town, led by Major Ryder , who takes over the doctor\'s office where Judy works. An Army plane carrying an untested bioweapon crash-landed in the hills near the town, infecting the water supply with a virus code-named "Trixie," causing victims to either die or become homicidal. "Trixie" is highly contagious, with anyone drinking from the Evans City reservoir becoming affected. In Washington D.C., government officials order Colonel Peckem  to go to Evans City to help contain the virus, while scientist Dr. Watts , arrives to develop a cure before the virus spreads. Officials also deploy bombers armed with nuclear weapons, to destroy the town, if necessary. Mayhem begins when the Army quarantines the town, shooting anyone attempting to escape. The soldiers move the townspeople into the high school, and chaos happens when the sheriff  is shot with his own pistol. While the townspeople are being rousted from their homes, a soldier encounters a quiet elderly woman. He kindly urges the woman to come with him but she stabs him with her knitting needle. by now nearly all of the villagers are infected. A group of soldiers are killed by a mob armed with guns and dynamite, after which an infected woman happily sweeps the blood soaked grass. The local priest  is infected. Upset at soldiers rousting his flock, he douses himself with gasoline and sets himself on fire. David, Judy, Clank, teenager Kathy Fulton , her father Artie  and an elderly man are confined to a large van by the soldiers. The van is attacked by infected people and the soldiers try to fight them off, killing both the soldiers and diseased people. The old man wanders off, muttering about the price of gasoline before being captured by more soldiers. Clank and David commandeer the van and the remaining five try to find a way to escape, going to the country club to hide and plan. Mad from the virus, Artie has sex with his deranged daughter Kathy, believing her to be his late wife. Discovering the pair, Clank beats Artie, who then apparently hangs himself. A shaken Kathy wanders outside, to be shot by soldiers. Believing himself to be infected, Clank kills several soldiers before being shot in the head. Judy, now visibly infected, is killed by armed civilians, despite David\'s efforts to save her. One of the civilians recognizes David clearly identifies himself as a fellow firefighter, also uninfected and trying to escape. Angry and frightened, David surrenders to the military. He realizes that he is immune to the virus, but keeps it a secret. The soldiers isolate Dr. Watts in the high school  allowing him to use the simple chemistry lab. Watts\' insists that he might find a cure in a proper laboratory, but he is threatened with brute force. When the doctor finally develops a possible cure, he is mistaken for one of the infected and forced into quarantine by soldiers. The camera lingers over the doctor\'s face, leaving open the question of whether he has truly found a possible cure or is exhibiting the first signs of infection. The test tubes containing the vaccine are shattered after the doctor is pushed down a flight of stairs by a stampede of "Crazies." The last scene shows Colonel Peckem being ordered to relocate to another infected city. He boards a helicopter, looking with sadness at the chaos of the city below.'] ["{{plot}} When Curt Reynolds  steals his father's security key card, he and his girlfriend, Julie Walker , decide to explore the military base where his father works. Using the card, they sneak into a hangar and observe Curt's father, Col. John Reynolds , Col. Peck  and Lt. Col. Sinclair  overseeing an experiment with a corpse. The corpse is exposed to Trioxin gas. The Trioxin, re-animates the corpse into a zombie. The military intends to use zombies in warfare as expendable soldiers. Sometime later, Col. Reynolds informs Curt that they'll be moving again  and Curt refuses. Angrily, he storms out of home, riding off on his motorcycle with Julie. While speeding down the road Julie playfully grabs Curt's crotch causing him to lose control of the motorcycle. He veers into the path of an oncoming truck, swerves and slams strongly into the road guard rail. Julie is thrown from the bike and into a telephone pole, the impact breaks her neck and kills her. Distraught, Curt brings Julie's corpse back to the military base. Using his father's key card, and uses the Trioxin gas to reanimate her. This leads to a story of Julie & Curt dealing with the effects of Julie being dead, not feeling pain, a need to feed, and what to do about her condition."] ['The movie begins with Doctor Stoner  selling a strange large \'snake\' to a carnival man . College student David Blake  is hired as an assistant by Stoner, an ophiologist. It transpires that Stoner\'s previous assistant had mysteriously left town without telling anyone . Stoner begins David on a course of injections, purportedly as a safeguard against being bitten by a snake in his care. David\'s skin starts to change and even peel like a snakeskin. David begins a romance with Stoner\'s daughter Kristina , although her father objects and insists that she does not have any sexual relations with him. David becomes increasingly perturbed by the strange side effects of the injections. Kristina visits a carnival freak show and is alarmed that the "snakeman" bears an uncanny resemblance to Stoner\'s previous assistant. She leaves in terror and heads back to save David who is currently mutating into a cobra. David starts to turn green, suffers breathing problems and develops scales on his body. Stoner is bitten by the original cobra and killed instantly, after David\'s transformation is complete. The new cobra  is finally killed by a mongoose when he tries to escape. Kristina arrives home and finds her father killed with the original cobra next to him. At the same time the police arrive, and shoot the original cobra, before heading to the lab where the mongoose is attacking David\'s neck, attempting to kill him. The police do not have a clear shot, as Kristina screams David\'s name...'] ["The Geotech Company has set up a large Antarctic base to drill for oil. The facility is staffed by Dr. Monica Kelsey , Nelson Schneider  and six workers. During a raging storm, a research team arrives by helicopter, forced to land due to an even worse storm approaching, sent by Geotech to investigate the death of a worker named Lenny , the disappearance of workers Carl and Lippski, and mysterious tremors hitting the area, hoping to learn the cause of these events before the arrival of a United Nations investigation team who might shut down the base. The team's leader, Professor Ted Jacobson  has romantic ties to Dr. Kelsey. The rest of his team are four post grad students: Arianna , Tom , Update , and Curtis . A giant black trilobite makes its appearance and attacks Dr. Kelsey. One by one, the rest get picked off by the monster."] ["Years later, Frankenstein, now going by the alias of Dr. Stein, has become a successful physician in Carlsbruck, catering to the wealthy while also attending to the poor in a paupers' hospital. Dr. Hans Kleve, a junior member of the medical council, recognises him and blackmails him into allowing him to become his apprentice. Together with Karl, the hunchback who facilitated Frankenstein's escape, Frankenstein and Kleve continue with the Baron's experiment: transplanting a living brain into a new body—one that isn't a crude, cobbled-together monster. The deformed Karl is more than willing to volunteer his brain, thereby gaining a new, healthy body—particularly after meeting the new assistant at the hospital, the lovely Margaret. The transplant succeeds, but when the excited Dr. Kleve tells Karl that he will be a medical sensation, Karl panics and convinces Margaret to free him. Kleve notes that the chimpanzee that Frankenstein transplanted with the brain of an orangutan ate its mate and worries about Karl, but his concerns are brushed off by Frankenstein. Karl flees from the hospital and hides in Dr. Stein's laboratory, where he burns his preserved hunchback body. He is attacked by the drunken janitor, who takes him for a burglar, but manages to strangle the man. Frankenstein and Kleve discover Karl is missing and begin searching for him. The next morning, Margaret finds Karl in her aunt's stable. While she goes to fetch Dr. Kleve, Karl experiences difficulties with his arm and leg. When Kleve and Margaret arrive, he is gone. At night, he ambushes and strangles a local girl. The next night, he rushes into an evening reception. Having redeveloped his deformities, he pleads Frankenstein for help, using his real name, before collapsing. Frankenstein, disregarding Kleve's pleas that he should leave, appears before the medical council, where he denies being the infamous Baron Frankenstein. The unsatisfied councillors exhume Frankenstein's grave only to discover the priest's body, concluding that the real Frankenstein is still alive. At the same time, frightened and angry patients at the hospital brutally attack Frankenstein and leave him for dead. Kleve rescues his dying mentor and rushes him to the laboratory, where he extracts Frankenstein's brain from his body just before the police arrive. Kleve shows them Frankenstein's dead body, claiming that he tried in vain to save his life. Alone again and uneasy about his skills, Kleve begins transplanting the brain into another body—one that Frankenstein had been preparing earlier and which was made to resemble him..."] ['A writer finds that a television has been delivered to his house without him ever ordering one. Accepting the television anyway, the writer discovers that the only program the television is capable of picking up is a seemingly endless, plotless, black and white zombie movie titled "Zombie Blood Nightmare".A short review at the House of Horrors.Com Despite unplugging the television set, it nonetheless reactivates and begins spawning the zombies from the movie, who attack and kill the writer. The next day, the delivery men arrive to claim the set, realizing that it was meant to go to the Institute for Paranormal Research; they find only the body of the writer, bound in his front hallway and dressed in party clothes. Three months later, teenagers Zoe and Jeff arrive at the house ahead of their parents, who are moving back to the United States after years abroad. Jeff quickly befriends dog walker April and accompanies her home, where the dog she is watching escapes into the woods behind their neighborhood. It stumbles upon the zombies that had initially escaped the set, and which have been living in the wilderness ever since. The zombies kill the dog, leaving it for Jeff and Zoe to find; the zombies then begin following the pair back to the neighborhood. That afternoon, a man named Joshua Daniels comes to their front door looking for the television set, claiming that he bought it at a yard sale and mailed it to the Paranormal Institute after it killed his wife. Jeff turns him away, but later that night discovers the television set, which has mysteriously migrated to the attic. A bizarre woman briefly appears on the set, beckoning to Jeff, before a man appears and kills her, revealing her to be a zombie. The man tells Jeff that he is "The Garbage Man," and that the only way to prevent more zombies from coming from the set is to tape a mirror to it. The next day the zombies arrive in the neighborhood, killing April\'s father, his maid, and their next-door neighbors before laying siege to Zoe and Jeff\'s house. Jeff, Zoe, and April hole themselves up along with Joshua, who has returned in another attempt to reclaim the television set. Joshua explains the psychology of the zombies: Realizing that they are in a liminal state between life and death, the zombies kill humans out of envy. They are repulsed by mirrors because it reminds them of their own hideousness, and attack when they sense fear. The zombies can be incapacitated by being severely wounded and buried, thus "convincing" them that they are dead; they can only be destroyed by trapping them in an enclosed space, which will cause the zombies to go into a psychotic state and cannibalize one another. Despite fortifying the house, a zombie manages to break in and kill April. Zoe and Jeff lock the zombie out of the house after it leaves carrying April\'s body and then wait out the rest of the night. The next morning, Joshua and Jeff head into the woods to hunt down the zombies. Laying traps around an abandoned children\'s clubhouse, Joshua sets up a sniper position inside and then hoists Jeff up on a swing to use as bait. The zombies converge on the clubhouse and Joshua picks them off one-by-one with a bow and arrow. One of the zombies escapes the massacre, and Jeff and Joshua head off in pursuit; Joshua is killed, and a fleeing Jeff catches his ankle in a bear trap Joshua set up for the zombies. The zombies, realizing that they are not really dead, animate and converge on Jeff, killing him. They then make their way back to kill Zoe. Remembering that the zombies only attack when they sense fear, Zoe opens her door to them and invites them in. The zombies enter a docile state and allow Zoe to serve them food before they set off exploring the house, noticing that the zombies are fascinated by pictures of dancing couples in a magazine, Zoe lures them to the basement with the promise of teaching them to dance and then locks them in. The zombies go berserk and eat one another; once they are dead, their remains are sucked back into the television, where "Zombie Blood Nightmare" finally comes to a conclusion with a "THE END" title card. Sometime later, Zoe\'s parents come to visit her in the insane asylum where she has been institutionalized, having entered a catatonic state. They reassure her that she will be well cared for, and further tell her that they\'ve brought her a surprise: "Her" TV from home. An orderly brings in the TV set and turns it on, causing "Zombie Blood Nightmare" to restart. A terrified Zoe watches as a zombie turns towards the screen and begins advancing on her, prompting a scream.'] ["In Jack Hill's prologue, we see a slightly mad Dr. Zinthrop fired from his job at a honey farm for experimenting with wasps. The founder and owner of a large cosmetics company, Janice Starlin , is disturbed when her firm's sales begin to drop after it becomes apparent to her customer base that she is aging. Scientist Eric Zinthrop ([[Michael Mark  has been able to extract enzymes from the royal jelly of the queen wasp that can reverse the aging process. Starlin agrees to fund further research, at great cost, provided she can serve as his human subject. Displeased with the slowness of the results she breaks into the scientist's laboratory after hours and injects herself with extra doses of the formula. Zinthrop becomes aware that some of the test creatures are becoming violent and goes to warn Janice but before he can reach anyone he gets into a car accident. He is thus temporarily missing and Janice goes through great trouble to find him, eventually managing and then transferring his care to herself. Janice continues her clandestine use of the serum and sheds twenty years' in a single weekend, but soon discovers that she is periodically transformed into a murderous queen wasp. Eventually, Lane throws a jar of acid at her face, killing her."] ["A shy and timid man who lives with his mother buys a plant he thinks talked to him. His loneliness is very apparent in the way he tries to turn the plant into a friend. Well, the plant is carnivorous and can talk with a woman's sexy voice. Henry, the protagonist, now has two joys in life. One is being a voyeur  and the other is his new plant friend. Soon he discovers the plant likes bugs . Eventually the plant wants to try a delicious woman, like in the pictures Henry has hanging in his room. One day, Henry's mother breaks into his room thinking to confront him with a woman and all she can find are Henry and the plant. But soon the plant eats her and discovers that women are really tasty. When detective O'Columbus shows up, the plant discovers she does not like eating men, just women. Eventually the plant experiences urges and Henry finds a male specimen. The male eats men while the female eats women. One woman is willing to end Henry's life of virginity but accidentally gets eaten. Henry is broken and tries to kill himself while the plants get passionate with one another. Henry is too clumsy to succeed and changes his mind when he sees all of the little baby plants."] ['A frustrated family is on a drive through the Pine Barrens Forest of New Jersey when their car breaks down. One-by-one, as day turns to night, the family members venture from their automobile and disappear into the ominous forest outside. As they seek help, they find themselves besieged by a strange demonic entity and a dilapidated home, occupied by a family of psychopaths.'] ['The film, which claims to be a true story, sets out to detail the existence of the "Fouke Monster", a bigfoot-like creature that has reportedly been seen by residents of a small Arkansas community since the 1950s. It is described as having a foul odor, completely covered in reddish-brown hair and having 3 toes and also known by leaving tracks found in beanfields. Several locals from the small town of Fouke, Arkansas recall their stories, often appearing as themselves, claiming that the creature has killed several large hogs as well as other animals. In one scene, a kitten is shown as having been "scared to death" by the creature. The narrator informs us that while people have shot at the creature in the past, it has always managed to escape. In another scene, hunters attempt to pursue the creature with dogs, but the dogs refuse to give chase. A police constable states that while driving home one night, the creature suddenly ran across the road in front of him. In a later sequence, culled from the actual newspaper accounts inspiring the film, the creature is shown menacing a family in a remote country house. After being fired upon, the creature attacks, sending one family member to the hospital.'] ["Dr. Eric Vornoff , is experimenting with nuclear power with the help of his mute assistant, Lobo . His goal is to eventually create an army of superpowered soldiers that he will use to conquer the earth. Their residence, an old mansion, is guarded by a giant octopus of Dr. Vornoff's own creation which lives in the surrounding swamp. The Octopus  has been responsible for the deaths of local townspeople. Newspaper reporter Janet Lawton  investigates further, becoming a prisoner of Dr. Vornoff in the process. The police eventually follow, led by lieutenant Dick Craig , who is also Lawton's boyfriend. Meanwhile, an official from Dr. Vornoff's home country, Professor Strowksi , arrives and tries to persuade him to return to their homeland in hopes that his research will benefit their nation. However, Strowski is killed and Lobo unwittingly turns Dr. Vornoff into an atomic-powered superhuman being. A fire is soon started in the laboratory, killing Lobo. Police officials, the irradiated Dr. Vornoff, Dick Craig and Janet Lawton all escape, and Dr. Vornoff is eventually killed by a bolt of lightning, forming a mushroom cloud as the film ends."] ["Dr. Jennifer Allen  in Baltimore, Maryland wants to find a cure for a disease known as the Gillian virus, a disease similar yet more deadly than the West Nile virus. She and a colleague capture infected mosquitoes and give them small doses of radiation. She explains that the levels have to be exact because if the mosquitoes receive too much radiation, the results could be more devastating than the virus itself. A convict named Ray  joins Dr. Allen's program in exchange for his lifelong prison sentence. He takes a hostage and convinces Dr. Allen to open the door to the experiment room. The security guards open fire and cause an explosion that showers Ray and Dr. Allen with the chemicals and the genetically altered mosquitoes. Ray manages to flee the scene. He begins to transform into the titular monster, a deformed chimera of himself and a mosquito, yet he manages to find his way to his ex girlfriend's apartment, where the process continues. When the ex comes home, she finds it in ruins. She and Ray have a short, anxious conversation before Ray's transformation is complete and he kills her. Meanwhile Dr. Allen returns home with her boyfriend, Lt. Tom Randall . That evening, she notices her wrist is red and raw-looking. She thinks little of it, but next morning, it has spread to her entire arm. Later, while kissing Tom, she has a sudden craving for blood and bites him. He is called to Ray's girlfriend apartment and leaves. Dr. Allen rushes into the bathroom to find her arm bleeding. She convulses, falls to the floor and her skin starts to bubble. Tom arrives at the crime scene and is puzzled by the way Ray's girlfriend died. He is called to investigate another crime scene, where he encounters Mansquito. The monster seems unstoppable, until Tom shocks him with a stun gun, making him flee in pain. Tom's partner doesn't believe him at first but puts a bulletin out on the creature. At the research station, Dr. Allen discovers she is also changing into a human-mosquito hybrid, but more slowly as she received a smaller dose than Ray. Mansquito appears but doesn't try to kill her, and after she faints, the monster leaves. Tom takes her to the hospital. The doctor wants to give Dr. Allen a blood transfusion to slow down the transformation, but she replies that nothing can stop the mutation. She believes the monster sensed that she is turning into a creature like him and that once the transformation is complete, he will want to mate with her. Outside, a guard falls victim to the monster and Tom leaves to investigate. Mansquito undergoes another transformation, this time growing wings. Dr. Allen also undergoes another transformation and alerts the officers of Mansquito's arrival. They fail to stop him. The monster heads for Dr. Allen, but she manages to escape. Tom fires a rocket launcher at the oxygen tanks behind Mansquito and assumes the creature was killed by the explosion, but that is not the case. Meanwhile, back at the lab, Dr. Allen undergoes yet another transformation and releases the last batch of genetically altered mosquitoes, which have been perfected. Tom arrives and Dr. Allen tells him that Mansquito is still alive. She tries to commit suicide by stabbing herself with a syringe, because without a mate, Mansquito will die. The monster arrives and Tom fights him to no avail. Dr. Allen is seriously injured by Mansquito, who is now focused on killing her rather than mating with her. Tom uses the stun gun and once again, it works. Seeing this, Dr. Allen breaks an electrical line and electrocutes Mansquito and herself to death. Tom writes a report about the incident and the Gillian virus is wiped out by the altered mosquitoes."] ["The film follows a group of American tourists on vacation in the Caribbean; as they take a tour of a local island at night, they become stranded when their bus driver disappears, the group of tourists take refuge in an old mansion, one by one falling victim to an unknown menace. Contrary to the film's title, there are no zombies in this film."] ['Rick Turner is engaged to Donna Trent and is having nightmares of a beautiful blonde woman who appears to be dancing in the sky. One night, he is mysteriously driven to enter a doll shop, and in the next morning he returns to the place with Donna. He finds a doll that resembles his fiancé, but the owner Francis Lamont delivers another doll to him, with the face of the woman of his dreams, Bianca Milan. Rick looks for Bianca and is seduced and convinced by her to join a sect that worships the diabolic "Devil-god of Evil" Gamba, while the health of Donna is threatened by Francis and Bianca. Francis Lamont, the "High Executioner" of the sect, threatens various members of the cult via his voodoo powers, which are also used upon a journalist who infiltrates the sect. Ultimately Rick Turner escapes the influence of the beautiful witch Bianca Milan and helps Donna to escape the burning temple of Gamba.'] ['The film follows real-life animal tracker Ivan Marx as he attempts to capture the legendary Bigfoot on film. His search takes him across the United States, culminating in him finally filming Bigfoot near a river. Throughout the film, Marx relates many stories about both Bigfoot and his own life as a tracker. {{Expand section}}'] ['150 years ago, Lilith Silver is mortally wounded as she attempts to avenge the dueling death of her lover by Sir Sethane Blake. Enamored by her spirit, Sir Sethane reveals himself to be a vampire and grants Lilith the gift  of eternal life as a vampire. Today, Lilith moves through the city as a contract killer hired to eliminate all members of the mysterious and evil Masonic "Illuminati" sect, the leader of which, not coincidentally, is Sir Sethane. Clad in black latex and armed with a coffin full of weaponry, the vampiric hitwoman hunts down her targets while the police close in on her trail, desperate to end the carnage.'] ["In the 1400s, Rumpelstiltskin is imprisoned inside a small jade figurine. In modern-day Los Angeles, the recently widowed wife of a police officer, with baby in tow, finds her way into a witch's shop and purchases a certain figurine, resulting in the cackling beast being freed and demanding possession of the baby."] ['Injured in the arm, Colin arrives home to the house he shares with Damien only to find it empty. While cleaning his wound in the kitchen sink, he is attacked by Damien, now a zombie. He manages to "kill" Damien by stabbing him multiple times in the head with a kitchen knife, but soon afterwards becomes a zombie himself. Now one of the undead, Colin wanders the streets of London during the onset of a probable zombie apocalypse. He acquires the usual zombie cannibal taste for human flesh but avoids conflict. While being mugged for his trainers, he is seen by Linda, his sister. That evening zombies invade a house party and kill everyone within. Colin follows the sole survivor of the carnage  before she is trapped by a madman / serial killer in his basement with a group of blinded zombies. Linda and a friend finally capture Colin and take him to their mother\'s house, but Colin cannot recognise them. Linda has already been bitten by Colin when trying to save him from the muggers, and turns into a zombie, while she is reanimating she is locked in with Colin and her boyfriend and mother leave. Colin and Linda shamble away. The film also follows a cowering group of human survivors who finally go on the offensive. Led by Slingshot guy, the humans attack a large group of zombies with a makeshift grenade, which explodes near Colin, destroying most of his face. Three of the humans are bitten during the fight and are brutally killed by the rest of the group after one starts turning. Colin survives and finds his way to his friend Laura\'s home, where the film cuts to a flashback to when he was still human. Arriving at the house, he discovered that Laura had trapped a zombie in the bathroom. While attempting to kill the zombie, she was bitten and died in his arms, before reanimating and biting him. He then killed her before going home, which brings the viewer back to the film\'s beginning.Michael Brooke: "Review: Colin:" Sight and Sound: November 2009: 19:11: 52-53'] ['{{Plot}} This is a \'so bad it\'s great\' hilarious schlock thriller! Sometimes Voted \'The Worst Australian Film Ever\' with an award winning music score by Brian Mannix, great comedy by drummer and comedian Des McKenna aka "Animal from Hey Hey Its Saturday" and a nude Cameo by Scarlett deMasson. There are many good things about this film but one thing that stood out was Gavin Wood. Most of his lines seem completely improvised and his performance was one of the best. PLOT summary; A film crew composed of media types and party animals from the city embark on a road trip to record music videos of a hard-living rock band at rural Lake Infinity. A hitchhiker is shocked by the grisly discovery of her friend\'s dead body. Alone and forced to run through dense scrubland to escape an unseen assailant, she fails to evade the killer and is stabbed multiple times. The visiting rock band with film crew, stop for fuel at a petrol station and is given an uneasy reception by locals who seem wary or suspicious of outsiders. They leave to meet the rest of the crew at a river where houseboats have been hired for transport and accommodation. Further deaths come as a surprise to viewers as sneaking creep at the petrol station gives the impression he may be the killer. The band members go looking for mushrooms but find only toadstools, one leaves to rejoin the rest of the crew. The crew member who continues the search for mushrooms is stabbed by the killer, and the staff member returning to camp is alarmed by a bright flashlight shined into his eyes. Assuming it his fellow crew member playing jokes, he admonishes him with the words "don\'t fuck around!" A strange woman who told the crew about the fire is then seen talking to the mysterious assailant, explaining that if he continues, he will be taken away from her. The bodies of the couple shot by harpoon and stabbed through the neck are then discovered, and the remaining crew lock doors and windows. They make plans to contact police, only to learn that another staff member had accidentally dropped their portable phone into the water while partying. The assailant, credited as "Acid Head" and played by Zlatko Kasumovic, then slices the director\'s fingers off and splits his head in half. A further crew member gets stabbed, although we later discover that his injuries are not fatal, and a blonde woman has her neck broken. Another female staff member tries to escape through the woods on the riverbank, during which time she discovers the bodies of the missing film-makers who left the crew\'s campfire after the first night of filming. By morning, the woman is still running. The crew member stabbed non-fatally unties one of the houseboats, and he and the woman make plans to escape. The end credits roll and subtitles tell that "on October&nbsp;17, Peace and Tranquility returned to Lake Infinity...FOR A TIME". Acid Head\'s arm and fist are then seen emerging sharply and victoriously from the waters of Lake Infinity, indicating that he has survived the attempts on his life and is still at large.'] ['Archaeologists working in Arizona find a werewolf skeleton. The ill-tempered foreman, Yuri  gets into a fight with his crew, Tommy, Joel, and Bill. In the course of the fight, Tommy is scratched by the werewolf skeleton. This greatly alarms his fellow diggers, especially Joel. The head archaeologist, Noel, details what he knows of werewolf behavior, which he bases on American Indian mythology. Here the werewolf, or yetiglanchi takes on strange behavior including "sleeping nose to anus." Tommy is taken to the hospital, where he begins showing signs of lycanthropy, finally turning into a werewolf and attacking people. Joel and Bill arm themselves with shotguns and silver bullets and succeed in subduing Tommy. The scene now shifts to a house in suburban Flagstaff. A writer named Paul Niles  arrives. At a party, he is introduced to one of the archaeologists, Natalie Burke  and takes a romantic interest in her. Yuri is jealous and behaves badly - he is expelled from the party by his boss Noel. Yuri,  walks to the laboratory and conspires to create a new werewolf: he drugs a security guard  and injects him with blood drawn from Tommy. A new werewolf is indeed created, but the werewolf makes the unfortunate choice of driving itself home, and it suddenly crashes into some oil drums  and dies in the ensuing fire. The following day, Paul visits the lab at Natalie\'s invitation. He gets into a fight with Yuri, who attacks him with the werewolf skull. Paul is scratched by the skull, and now it is his turn to start showing symptoms of lycanthropy. He starts attacking people at night, but remembers little of it. Finally, Natalie and Yuri spy him changing. Yuri plots to capture Paul and take him to the lab, Natalie tries to help him. In a murky chase sequence, Paul, in werewolf form, kills Yuri. He and Natalie  reunite at the end of the movie.'] ['Dr. Craig Cooper, a physician, is caring for his dying employer, Ridgeley Waterman. A wealthy old curmudgeon, Waterman is cared for at home by his daughter Victoria. Despite several attempts by Victoria, a sexually promiscuous woman, to seduce Dr. Cooper, she has so far been unsuccessful. Dr. Cooper soon learns that an unnamed old connection is blackmailed with his past affiliation with illegal abortions. The blackmailer is demanding $50,000 in hush money. During one of his house calls to examine her father, Dr. Cooper expresses his "tax" problems to Victoria Waterman. She tells him that she can acquire the money, and seduces him. Their affair consummated, Victoria proceeds to poison and kill her father with the motive of paying Dr. Cooper\'s debt with her father\'s estate. With Dr. Cooper\'s assistance, Victoria avoids suspicion  and her younger sister Gail returns from New York for the reading of their father\'s will. Much to Victoria\'s surprise, Gail is the primary beneficiary of the estate. The will leaves Victoria only with the use of her deceased father\'s house and a small living allowance. Distraught, she becomes bedridden. While caring for Victoria, Dr. Cooper learns of Gale\'s new status as a wealthy heiress, and begins seducing her. When Gail returns home, she offers to split the estate with Victoria, who refuses. Gail reveals that she has already offered to help Dr. Cooper with his "tax" issues, and Victoria learns of the budding relationship between her lover and her younger sister. She bludgeons Gail to death with a lamp in the bathroom. Dr. Cooper soon returns to the house and finds Gail dead, with Victoria stoically painting in the next room. He becomes upset, emotionally asking her "why?" and then moving Gail\'s body to his car. Returning to the house, Dr. Cooper embraces Victoria just as she sees an apparition of Gail\'s corpse standing behind the door. It fades, revealing Dr. Cooper\'s blackmailer, grinning menacingly as the painting is revealed, showing Dr. Cooper with a skeleton draped across his arms.'] ["Devil Girl follows the story of Fay on her trip across Route 66 after the death of her father, who happened to be a mechanic. Fay takes her father's muscle car and his wedding ring, and departs from her home after saying her farewells to her sister. The story simultaneously follows the events of an overly medicated, nonsense-spewing young man in clown makeup, who appears to be dodging authorities whilst hopping from vehicle to vehicle along his travels. The clown stops at a gas station to steal a new ride; however, there is no vehicle to be found. The clown knocks out the cashier and steals the handy supply of drugs and junk food while a woman  stops for gas. The clown then ties the woman up while Fay stops for gas. As Fay searches the station for a clerk the clown rummages through her car, stealing her wallet, and then leaves in the cowgirl's truck, which later breaks down. After the clown takes a mysterious ride in the Devil Girl's flying vehicle, and Fay's car breaks down, both stop separately in an eerie, highly religious, nearby town. Fay takes a room in the local motel, using her father's ring as collateral, as her wallet was stolen earlier. The clown meets Fay and is speechlessly smitten by her. In an attempt to pay back her debts, Fay dances at the town's strip club. The local mechanic tells Fay that the part required to fix her car should be available after a week. One night the clown decides to enter the strip joint and witnesses hallucinations, including a dance by the Devil Girl, before seeing Fay dance and being thrown out of the club. After being driven back to the motel by an interested young man, Fay is raped in her room by a masked man and assumes it was the clown, due to the fact that she saw him outside of her window. The next night, the clown is back at the strip club, only to be kicked in the face by Fay and once again thrown out. Fay leaves in a rage to be picked up by the Devil Girl, and the two partake in sexual activities. The Devil Girl then confronts the local preacher and accuses him of being a pervert by nature, which is later revealed to be true when Fay attempts to retrieve her ring from the preacher, whom she was told by the motel owner was in possession of. Fay finds a young, naked man trapped in a cage below the church, and is then attacked from behind by the preacher, who is revealed to be her rapist, his identity betrayed by his mask. Fay stabs the preacher with a screwdriver and beats him with a two-by-four. She then frees the young man, and together they escape. The motel owner is shown to have been in leagues with the preacher and takes off searching for Fay after discovering the preacher's body. The young man is picked up by a police officer while Fay takes off with the clown on a motorcycle. The clown brings Fay to her car, where she finds the keys in the ignition, and prepares to leave while the clown tries to explain his feelings, and the motel owner is gaining ground. Fay drives off with the motel owner in pursuit with a pistol in his hand. As the motel owner takes aim at Fay, the clown pulls up between the two and smacks the gun away. As the vehicles are about to collide with a tractor tailor, it is revealed that all the events of a the movie were actually a drug-induced hallucination, imagined by an overly medicated, soon to be released mental patient named Donald, who fantasized himself as the clown and his nurse Fay as his alter-ego's love interest. However, in the end the Devil Girl is shown to be real, and had actually killed the crooked preacher."] ['In the quiet mining town of Prosperity, Arizona, an accident involving a rabbit causes a barrel of toxic waste to land in a reservoir. An exotic spider farmer named Joshua  has been making regular visits to the site, where he collects crickets for his spiders. Although the spiders have ingested the toxins, he is oblivious since the arachnids seem unaffected. Joshua shows Mike , a local boy, his collection, which include Jumping spiders, Trapdoor spiders, Tarantulas, and Orb-weaver spiders, including a female named Consuela. After Mike leaves, Joshua is bitten by an escaped tarantula and accidentally knocks down the spider cages. He is killed by the spiders and, after devouring him, the spiders grow to even huger proportions. On his way home, Mike is accosted by his mother, Sheriff Sam Stroud  and Deputy Pete pulling the toxic barrel out of the pond. Wade, the Mayor of Prosperity, is holding a town meeting in the mall about whether they should sell the mines and relocate. Chris McCormick , whose father owned the mines before he died ten years ago, shows up and stands against Wade\'s proposition. Chris also sparks a romance with Sam. Meanwhile, Harlan Griffiths , an eccentric extraterrestrial enthusiast, is broadcasting his theory that various missing pets around town have been abducted by extraterrestrials. Inevitably his theory is dismissed as the product of a deranged imagination. Mike sneaks out on foot and finds Joshua and the spiders missing, the farm covered in webbing, and the dead body of Joshua. Although he sees an enormous spider shadow in the mines and tells Chris that the spiders have grown to enormous sizes, based on a giant spider leg he found at the mine entrance, Chris disbelieves his story. Meanwhile, the mines have reopened with the miners searching for a famous gold lode. One miner is eaten by a gigantic spider, whose clan have made the mines their home. Seeing as the entire town is connected in some way to the mines, spiders show up in many different places. Deputy Pete Williams  cat has a fight with one of the spiders in the air vents before being eaten and some of the ostriches on Wade\'s farm are devoured by Trap Door Spiders, Ashley breaks up with her boyfriend Bret, and he and his motorcyclist friends are chased by jumping spiders, with him being the only survivor, accidentally cutting off the telephone line and being stuck in the mine. Chris finds out that his Aunt Gladys and her dog are abducted by a male orb weaver in their basement. Sam is convinced Chris and Mike are delusional. However, her skepticism fades and she realizes that Chris and Mike were right all along when she witnesses a giant male orb-weaver attempting to abduct Ashley , her daughter and Chris; Sam saves them both. Meanwhile Bret, still wandering the mines, gets a good peek at the giant Consuela during her feeding. Sam contacts Pete and tells him to bring all guns in the police station\'s possession and they escape to Harlan\'s trailer, knowing he has a radio station that he operates from within his trailer. As Sam broadcasts the threat over the radio, a giant tarantula, the "tank" of the horde, assaults the trailer but they manage to escape. As the town is besieged by vicious spider hordes, many people are eaten, Chris tries to convince Harlan that the spiders are "from Earth" but ends up convincing him that they are "Spiders from Mars" to make him happy, Sam tells everybody to evacuate to the mall. Chris, Sam, Mike, Ashley, Harlan, Wade and many other townspeople all escape and barricade themselves in the mall  and defend themselves from the spiders. Meanwhile, Harlan and Chris climb onto the roof and ascend the radio mast and try to get a signal to call the army as they are being attacked by the spiders, but are believed to be pranksters. Harlan jumps from the roof, after the tarantula breaks open the gates and lets the spiders enter the mall, and lands in some bushes, where he meets up with Pete. The two run from spiders as Chris meets up with the remaining townsfolk and goes down to the basement. Meanwhile Bret, still wandering the mines, encounters the cowardly Wade before his abduction. While the townsfolk are in the basement, Bret arrives on a forklift that brings down the locked gate, and they all head to through the mines straight to the front entrance, discovering the methane-filled tunnels. After losing Norman and freeing Wade, Chris goes to look for his Aunt Gladys in the mines and finds her and the gold his father was searching for, but is confronted by the gigantic Consuela. He uses perfume to distract the spider and the escapes using Bret\'s motorcycle. Chris then blows up the spiders and the mines utilizing Gladys\'s smoking addiction and the high concentrations of methane gas. The police finally arrive. They had not believed the reports of the spiders but believed Harlarn\'s theory that the assailants were extraterrestrial in nature, until Pete tells them that the assailants were "just spiders, that had ingested extremely high levels of toxic waste." He tries to show this is true by showing his head, thinking  that his hair grew back, but unfortunately it did not. As the story ends, Harlan is heard making a radio report about the spiders. He concludes that the town has decided to cover up the whole incident, but have let Harlan continue broadcasting the incident, knowing nobody will believe him. He also mentions Chris reopening the gold mines and putting everyone back to work, but tells us "that is another story altogether." As the camera zooms in close on his mouth, it is clear that he now has three gold teeth.'] ["In 1982, the town of Crippen was rocked by a series of murders at Crippen High School. The killer was never caught. Several years later, Cosmic Pictures, headed by sleazy producer Harry Sleerik, has come to Crippen to make a movie about the murders, setting up shop in the high school. However, it seems the killer is still there, and as crew and cast members disappear left and right, it's up to ex-student/cop/leading man Steven Blake and leading lady Callie Cassidy to get to the bottom of this."] ["The film is set in New Orleans, Louisiana. A young woman's cousin has recently been married and being the sole surviving male, sets to claim the family's plantation. Unwilling to give up what she believes to be hers, she uses voodoo to resurrect her dead brother  to kill her enemies."] ["Renee, a former junkie still working out psychological issues, moves to the Mexico border with her doctor fiancee, Jeffrey. They befriend Michael, a local caretaker for the windmills in the area. During dinner at Renee's house, the place comes under siege by ancient Mayan zombies who Michael had killed in the past. The dead orphan connects to Renee who feels the need to solve why the ancient Mayan Zombies were killed and how to rest their souls."] ["A local late night supermarket is shutting up and the night shift are starting to restock the shelves ready for the next day. Just as the store is about to close, Craig , the former boyfriend of cashier Jennifer , appears and the two have an argument. Worried for her friend, Linda  presses her panic button and calls for help. Co-owner Bill ([[Dan Hicks  appears and a fight ensues. Craig escapes onto the shop floor and the night crew set out to track him down whilst Jennifer calls the police. On discovering him there is another scuffle before they manage to eject Craig from the store, after which he disappears into the night. While the night crew are gathered the owners announce they are selling the store and the staff will soon be out of a job. The staff are assigned the task of marking down all the stock in preparation for the close. Craig makes telephone calls to the store, unnerving Jennifer. The police arrive but do little to help and just tell the group to be careful. Linda finishes her shift and takes some shopping out to her car but is stabbed by an unseen attacker. Bill spots someone trying the back door and goes out to investigate. He finds Craig watching Jennifer through the bathroom window. Craig clubs Bill over the head with a hammer. Back in the store an unseen assailant begins to stalk the workers and the storeowner and kills them one by one. The killer dismembers his victims, leaving body parts around the store. Realising that everyone seems to have vanished, Jennifer goes to investigate and discovers bodies in the storerooms. Terrified, she is attacked by the killer but manages to escape back onto the shop floor. Hearing someone at the door she attempts to attract their attention but they have gone when she gets there. Craig appears and grabs her but she stabs him with a meat hook. Craig slumps to the floor. Bill staggers in and says Craig had attacked him outside the store. He calls the police. Jennifer notices that Bill's hands are covered in blood and realizes he is the killer. Bill tells her that he could not let his partner sell the store so he killed him, and then just got carried away killing the others. Bill attacks Jennifer and chases her around the store. Jennifer is locked inside the building. A delivery man  appears outside, but is killed by Bill before Jennifer can get his attention. Bill reenters the building and stalks Jennifer again. Jennifer is grabbed by Craig who tells her he saw Bill killing Linda and climbed into the building through the bathroom window to save her. Bill appears and clubs Craig to the ground with a severed head whilst Jennifer flees. Crawling out the bathroom window Jennifer attempts to escape in her car but finds the body of Linda in there. Bill grabs her legs and pulls Jennifer under the car but she stabs him with the knife she had pulled from Linda. Jennifer heads to a phone booth to call the police when Bill reappears again and starts to smash the booth to get at her. Tipping the phone booth over he has Jennifer trapped when Craig appears and hacks him with a meat cleaver. Jennifer and Craig are standing in the car park over Bill's body when the police arrive and arrest them. Bill regains consciousness and shouts to the police that the pair had gone mad and killed everyone. The two are taken away protesting their innocence."] ['On the Franco-Austrian Frontier during World War I, an Oriental priest, chaplain of a French colonial regiment, is condemned to life imprisonment because he possesses the power to turn men into zombies. In his prison cell, the priest prepares to burn a parchment containing the location of the secret formula. Colonel Mazovia  kills the priest and takes the partially burned parchment. After the war, an expedition of representatives from the Allied countries with colonial interests are sent to Cambodia to find and destroy forever the so-called "Secret of the Zombies". The group includes Colonel Mazovia; a student of dead languages, Armand Louque ; Englishman Clifford Grayson ; General Duval ; and his daughter Claire . Armand falls in love with Claire, who accepts his proposal of marriage to spite Clifford, whom she really loves. Later, when Claire runs to Cliff for comfort following an accident, Armand breaks the engagement, leaving her free to marry Cliff. Further accidents caused by Mazovia result in the natives refusing to work, forcing the expedition to return to Phnom Penh. Armand finds a clue which he had overlooked before and returns to Angkor against orders. After viewing an ancient ceremony at a temple, Armand follows one of the servants of a high priest out of the temple, through a swamp, to a mysterious bronze doorway. When the servant leaves, Armand goes through the door to a room paneled in bronze, with an idol holding a gong. He accidentally strikes the gong, and a panel in the wall opens, revealing a small metal tablet. He translates the inscription and realizes that it is the secret for which they have all been looking. He alone now has the power to make zombies out of people, and begins with a practice run on his servant before using his zombie powers in an attempt to coerce the fickle Claire in the movie\'s climax.'] ['In 1905, an abusive father forces his daughter to bury her four handmade dolls  in their backyard, despite her pleas. After the girl accidentally falls in and breaks her neck, the stepfather buries her with the dolls. Years later, in 2005, the father lives there with his two children, the older daughter, Deedee, and his younger son, Guy. The father is about to leave on a date, and Deedee protests watching him, as well as doing housework, though the father says it\'s only fair since Guy is doing the yard work. As Guy is raking, he finds the samurai doll, and cleans him up, to where Deedee threatens to reveal about his porno collection if he doesn\'t help clean. He refuses and tells about her weed she has hidden, and a diary of sexual fetishes, some of which he thinks "Might be illegal in forty states." The father leaves for his date, and Deedee invites her friends over, Olivia and Terry. Guy discovers Terry likes the same action figures he does, though, as she begs him to "keep the little party a secret", of which he bashfully agrees to. After being in his room, two boys come in that Olivia invited, and tie up Guy after breaking one of his priceless action figures. They go and meet the girls, and after that, the Samurai recruits the other buried dolls to take their revenge.Doll Graveyard - Trailer - Cast - Showtimes - New York Times Sequel A sequel was predicted due to the ending of the original film. However no plans or projects have been planned as of March 2009. Spin off? As of 20/09/12 Charles band said he is working on a film called ooga booga based on the black doll from dollgrave yard little is known at the moment. if the other dolls will be in it or not.'] ["A murderer is running loose through the streets of London, hunting down men dressed as Santa and killing them all in different, and extremely violent, fashions. Inspector Harris has decided to take on the unenviable task of tracking down the psychopath, but he's going to have his work cut out for him. Only the suspicious reporter, Giles, seems to offer the Inspector any promising leads."] ['Jon , Denice , and Tom  are three kids whose father goes away for a business meeting. He leaves them in care of their Aunt Tess  who is a militaristic religious extremist who only lets the kids do homework and chores while preaching to them against dating, staying up late, movies, music, and why their lifestyle is wrong. Tom gets an official Rambo Hunting Knife in the mail and Tess will not let him have it. They get into a physical struggle over Tom keeping it, and Aunt Tess accidentally gets fatally stabbed in the stomach. The three kids then dismember her body, placing it in the freezer. They then take her body out of the freezer so they can put her in the woodchipper. They grind her body to shreds. They then think it\'s over. But then, Tess\'s son, Kim , who was recently released from prison, comes to their home and is told that his mother is "not here" and has "left." He is involved in some kind of money wiring deal and came there to get money from his mother. He decides to take monetary value from the children\'s home and threatens them if they don\'t give it to him. Denice and Tom trick him out to the "expensive" wood chipper, plotting to throw him inside, too. They lure Kim to look inside. Tom turns it on and Kim is pushed in by Jon. Jon drives Kim\'s car to the airport to hide the evidence and hitches a ride back. Denice and Tom are raking and mowing the lawn which Jon promised his father he would have done by the time he returned from the business meeting. With only a little bit of time before their father\'s return, Jon assists in the raking and mowing. The father then arrives home and sees his children welcoming him on the driveway. All appears normal, and the children got away with the crime. The camera pans back to the woodchips on the ground and Aunt Tess\'s bloody ring is lying on the ground when the film ends.'] ['The film starts out with an assassination attempt on a political candidate by a Geisha  and two scantily-clad women wearing Tengu/Goblin masks. The goblin-clad women violently  take out the body guards  as the politician is menaced and wounded by the robot geisha who has a circular saw blade in her mouth. Suddenly, another person named Yoshie  appears, reveals herself as a robogeisha, and destroys the villainous robot. We go back in time to see Yoshie as a servant for her sister Kikue , who is a geisha in training. It is later revealed that the two sisters were orphaned, and though they used to be close , they are now enemies. Yoshie is klutzy and ruins Kikue\'s performance for Hikaru Kageno , heir to Kageno Steel Manufacturing. Despite her klutziness, Kageno is impressed with Yoshie\'s beauty, and becomes more interested when he witnesses her display of superhuman strength when threatened by Kikue. Eventually, Kageno invites the two sisters to his house, where they are captured by the goblin ladies. The two are forced to fight to the death, and after Kikue wounds and actually threatens to kill her sister, Yoshie snaps and knocks out Kikue, once again displaying superhuman physical prowess. Accordingly, Kageno and his father begin training Yoshie to become an assassin for the company along with many other young Geisha-type women, and she quickly becomes the head assassin. They are told that Kageno Steel seeks to use them to kill terrorists and other national threats in an effort to create an "Ideal World". Kikue, meanwhile, is relegated to the role of servant to the organization. Nonetheless, Kikue strives to outdo her sister and shows a greater propensity for violence than Yoshie. Eventually, both sisters frequently undergo surgery to become cyborgs , with machine-gun busts and other robotic enhancements. On their first mission, however, Kikue is severely wounded when she selflessly saves Yoshie from being killed by one of their target\'s bodyguards. Later, Kikue explains to Kageno that though Yoshie annoys her, she still loves her sister. Nonetheless, Kikue will never be able to recuperate sufficiently to serve as an assassin. The story reaches a turning point when Yoshie is sent on a mission to kill a small group of elderly people and their young caretaker living near the Kageno Steel building. The seniors then reveal that they are the relatives of the Kageno Steel\'s geisha and goblin assassins, and that Kageno Steel has actually been abducting these girls to serve their own ends. Yoshie confronts Kageno and his father, who confirm the story. Then, the duo threaten to kill Kikue unless Yoshie completes what turns out to be a suicide mission. The other girls also have been inhuman for so long that they decline to return to their families, remaining geisha assassins. Yoshie barely makes it out of the building after an Explosion from the Suicide mission and her body is recovered by the senior group and she is rebuilt by the leader, who used to work for Kageno Steel. The protestors want a meeting to demand the return of their loved ones. They found a set of Kageno\'s blueprints for a bomb that\'s said to be "17 times more powerful than the atomic bomb" and intend to use to threaten Japan into ceding all power to them. The group then heads off to confront Kageno and his father and force them to return their cyborg relatives or reveal the bomb plot to the authorities. But the Meeting is revealed to be a trap as the father and son have also robotically modified themselves and kill most of the senior group. The leader, however, had installed a gun into his leg and uses it to kill Kageno\'s father. Hiraku, now freed from responsibility, activates a protocol that turns his family castle into a giant robot. Kageno reveals that he intends to drop the bomb into Mount Fuji, thus destroying Japan and himself and "freeing" everyone. The robot-castle is wired to mimic Kageno\'s every move. Yoshie launches an assault on the robot-castle, defeating her former geisha sisters and the goblin girls . She confronts Kageno, but is met by Kikui who has been upgraded into a superior model of robogeisha and who has had her mind wiped. Kikui defeats Yoshie. Knowing she has been bested, Yoshie reveals that, in fact, she was her father\'s favorite daughter because Kikue was actually born to their father\'s mistress and was looked down upon. Yoshie reminds Kikue that in fact, it was Yoshie who had defended Kikue\'s honor as a child and then also allowed Kikue to build their false history and become the family geisha. Finally, Yoshie confesses that she loves Kikue. These revelations manage to overcome Kikue\'s memory blocks and the two sisters reconcile and merge into one ultra-powerful robogeisha. The new robogeisha confronts Kageno and trick him during their fight to have the robot-castle  stop the bomb from being dropped into Mount Fuji and launch the bomb and robot-castle launch into space. Once airborne, the sisters defeat Kageno, and the bomb detonates, destroying the robot-castle and all inside . The film ends with Yoshie imagining she and her sister living happily as real geisha.'] ['Recording some new music in an isolated farmhouse, the band Triton gets more than they bargained for when something horrifying stirs in the darkness. Eternal evil haunts this place and the band members start turning into demons from Hell itself! After a day of making music – and making love – this band is starting to break up… one by one… limb by limb. The bands lead singer, John  Triton, holds the key to defeating this horror once and for all – a secret that culminates in a battle between good and evil! Triton versus the Devil himself!'] ["A group of friends become lost on the open ocean and somehow end up on an island, lorded over by Karl  and Karl Sr. . The group are hunted down by Karl's metal-masked mercenaries, but two vengeful ninja brothers step in to help. The groups gather what weapons they can find and face off against the tyrant, his father, and their infantry of doom. The film opens with three men, Ron, Mark, and Peter abandoning their boat in the middle of the ocean and happening upon an uncharted island. After being captured by a gang of masked men, the three awaken to find themselves tied to crucifixes in the middle of a large militia camp. The trio are then introduced to the leader of the militia, Karl Berger, Jr. . Karl and his aging father Karl Sr. oversee a series of gruesome executions before threatening the three trespassers' lives. After spitting in Karl's face, Peter is stripped of his shirt and stakes are driven through his ribcage. The two remaining friends as well as a traitor named Leon are turned loose in the forest to be hunted down by Karl's army of trained killers. After Ron and Mark learn of the Meister's horrific experiments, the three begin the search for weapons. Meanwhile, Karl's hired surgeon Dr. Senius is working on a breed of hideously deformed super soldiers that are going to replace the fallen ones in battle. After being disgusted with Senius's overall progress, Karl threatens Senius with death if he doesn't have the first batch ready within 24 hours. The next day, Leon tells the men of an armory located nearby. Using handmade spears, the three kill two guards and severely injure one before taking off with their weapons. The surviving guard is punished for his disobedience by Karl when his spinal cord is torn from his anus with a large meat hook. Senius's first batch of super soldiers are turned loose in the woods. After a run-in with the super soldiers. Ron and Mark part with Leon who acquires the help of two comrades named Son and Giang. After quickly dispatching the soldiers, the three look for Ron and Mark. Ron and Mark meet their ends at a small pond when they are ambushed by a group of infantrymen. After their corpses arrive back at the base in poor condition  Senius orders that the soldiers responsible be punished right away. Karl lines them up and shoots them in the head one by one with a sawed-off double barrel shotgun. When the third soldier runs from his execution, Karl to shoots him in the kneecap. Karl then drowns him in a nearby puddle while Senius listens and licks his lips. Then Karl deploys a heavily trained gang of assassins called the Black Demons to hunt down the remaining traitors and kill them. After briefly confronting the ninjas and killing them, Son, Giang and Leon plan a full-scale attack on the camp at sundown. After reaching the main gates disguised as Black Demons with a prisoner, the two guards on patrol demand to know why Leon's still alive. Son and Giang then kill them both and advance on the camp. After slitting a soldier's throat, Leon steals his RPG and oversees the fight from on top of a hill and assists the two others in killing off the soldiers. After running low on ammo, Leon joins Son and Giang on the ground below. Leon confronts a soldier wielding a machete and is impaled. With what energy he has left, Leon takes his killer's revolver and shoots him. Leon drops dead. Son hides outside of Senius's tent and slices off his nose with a sword. Senius stumbles back into his tent where an unfinished super soldier asphyxiates him in his open torso and subsequently tears off his head. Senius is finished when his headless body runs outside headless and Giang performs a coup de grâce with an Uzi. Both Son and Giang find Leon's body and, in an act of vengeance, hunt down Karl Sr. and Karl. When they are found trying to escape the disaster, the two Karls are confronted by Son and Giang, who kill their remaining troops. Son and Giang then engage in hand-to-hand combat with Karl Sr. and his son. After Son gets the best of him, Karl Sr. calls upon his bodyguard, a hockey-masked commando with a mechanical arm. After a short scuffle, Son detaches the bodyguard's artificial arm and impales him with it. Giang and Karl continue to fight until Giang back flips over him, rams his fist through Karl's body from behind and places a hand grenade in his mouth. Karl's head explodes and he drops a rocket launcher. With the rocket launcher, Giang tells Son to get out of the way. After Son dives for cover, Giang proceeds to shoot Karl Sr. with the rocket launcher, immolating him. The two exchange a high five before the credits roll."] ['Two teenagers exploring at night come upon an apparently abandoned military installation. They take advantage of what appears to be a swimming pool to skinny dip. The teenagers are attacked by an unseen force and disappear under the water. A light activates in the main building and a silhouetted figure investigates the screams, but is too late to help. A determined but somewhat absent-minded insurance investigator named Maggie McKeown  is dispatched to find the missing teenagers near Lost River Lake. She hires surly backwoods drunkard Paul Grogan  to serve as her guide. They come upon the abandoned compound, which functioned as a fish hatchery prior to being militarized. They discover bizarre specimens in jars and indications of an occupant. Maggie locates the drainage switch for the outside pool and decides to empty it to search the bottom, but the moment she activates it a haggard and frantic man attacks her, attempting to stop the draining until he is subdued by Grogan. The two find a skeleton in the filtration trap of the empty pool, and learn it was filled with salt water. The man awakens and steals their jeep, but crashes it due to his disorientation, and is taken to Grogan\'s home where they spend the night. They take Grogan\'s homemade raft down the river, where the man wakes up and tells them that the pool in the facility was filled with a school of piranhas, and that Maggie released them into the river. They are skeptical until they come across the corpse of Grogan\'s friend Jack , who has bled to death from an attack on a fishing dock. The man reveals himself to be Doctor Robert Hoak ([[Kevin McCarthy , the lead scientist of a defunct Vietnam War project, Operation: Razorteeth, which was tasked with engineering a ravenous and prodigious strain of piranha that could endure the cold water of the North Vietnamese rivers and inhibit Viet Cong movement. The project was shut down when the war ended, but some of the mutant specimens survived the poisoning protocols, and Hoak tended to them to salvage his work. Grogan realizes that if the local dam is opened, The School will have access to the Lost River water park  and summer camp on the other side, where his daughter is in attendance. Traveling downriver, they encounter a capsized canoe with a boy whose father has been killed by the fish. Hoak rescues the boy but suffers mortal injuries when The School attacks him; he dies before he can tell how to kill them. Blood from Hoak\'s corpse causes the piranha to tear away the raft\'s lashings, and they barely get to shore. Grogan stops the dam attendant from opening the spillway and calls the military. A military team led by Colonel Waxman ([[Bruce Gordon  and former Razorteeth scientist Dr. Mengers  feed poison into the upstream section, ignoring the protests that the fish survived the first attempt. When Grogan discovers that a tributary bypasses the dam, Waxman and Mengers quarantine them to prevent the agitated pair from alerting the media. When they escape, Waxman alerts law enforcement to capture them. The School attacks the summer camp during a swimming marathon, injuring and killing many children and a supervisor; Grogan\'s daughter, however, escapes due to her fear of water, and eventually rallies herself to aid her camp mates in escaping the killer fish. The School continues downriver. Waxman and Mengers arrive at the water park to intercept Grogan and Maggie, but the piranha attack the resort and kill a lot of vacationers, including Waxman. Grogan and Maggie commanded a speedboat and rush to the shuttered smelting plant at the narrowest point of the river. Remembering the empty facility pond, Grogan realizes the fish can survive in salt water; if the school passes the delta, they will reach the ocean and spread over the entire world. He intends to open the smelting refuse tanks, hoping that the industrial waste will kill the fish. They arrive at the plant ahead of the fish, but the elevated water level has submerged the control office, and Grogan must go underwater; he ties a rope around his waist and instructs Maggie to count to 100 before pulling him out. Grogan struggles to move the rusted valve wheel when The School arrives and attacks him. The assault hyperadrenalizes him, and he manages to open the valves just as Maggie guns the engine and pulls him to safety. Maggie takes Grogan back to the water park, where a massive MEDEVAC is tending to the victims; his injuries are severe and he is seen in a catatonic state. Mengers gives an on-site television interview, providing a sanitized version of events and downplaying the existence of piranha. Her voice is heard carrying out over a radio on the shore of a West Coast beach. As she says "there\'s nothing left to fear", the piranha\'s characteristic trilling sound drowns out the waves on a beach, indicating that the fish have made it to the ocean.'] ["In Meadowvale, California, on June 9, 1970, three babies are born at the height of a total eclipse. Due to the sun and moon blocking Saturn, which controls emotions, the babies develop into children who are heartless and uncaring, with no feelings of remorse for their awful offences. Ten years later, in 1980, Curtis, Debbie and Steven begin to kill the adults around them and are able to escape detection because of their youthful and innocent façades. However, when Timmy and Joyce discover their crimes, they find themselves as the targets of the evil children. Their attempt to warn their neighbors about them are ignored. Soon enough, Beverly discovers Debbie's horrible secret with the newspaper clippings as evidence as proof and learns that she, Curtis and Steven were responsible for the murders. She realises that Joyce and Timmy were telling the truth all along and confronts her sister for it. Beverly and Mrs. Brody forbids Debbie from hanging out with Curtis and Steven. Debbie responds by killing her older sister in retaliation with a bow and arrow. They soon attempt to murder Joyce and Timmy. However, they fight back and manages to capture Steven and Curtis. While Timmy calls the police from a neighbor's house, Debbie manages to escape from the backyard and gets inside her mother's car. She manages to lie about Curits and Steven trying to set her up to take the fall for the attacks. At the end, Curtis and Steven are arrested by the police much to the shock and anger of the town. Before being taken away, Curtis smiles evilly at Joyce and Timmy, intending for revenge. The last scene shows Debbie playing with a tool outside the motel room next to a truck and her mother comes out looking for her. It's revealed that they are in the Witness Protection program after what happened. Her mother has Debbie recite her name again as Beth Simpson and she promises to be a good girl. After they leave, it's revealed that she has murdered a truck driver."] ['An old farmer  and his beloved son  lament the fate of the old skilled hog farmer, now giving way to modern factory-type slaughterhouses. When businessmen make an offer for the scuzzy rundown place, the father and son refuse.'] ['Seventeen-year-old Angela suffers from a recurring nightmare about a 16th century witch burned to death on a dark and mysterious beach. To find an explanation to this nightmare and reclaim her life, she flies to a two-week retreat for troubled teens on the Caribbean island of Matau, run by noted child psychologist Professor Avebury. Little does Angela realize that Matau hides a horrific secret history, nor does she know that her nightmares stem from this very spot.  Upon her arrival, Angela meets the other troubled teenagers attending the retreat, all of whom seem to play a role in the mystery of her dream. In particular, the enigmatic Bethany claims to be a witch and secretly seduces the other teens into joining her coven. Gradually, Angela realizes that her nightmares aren’t dreams at all, but memories of her past life. As the true nature of the frightening nightmare unfolds, Bethany seems determined to either seduce or destroy Angela. With the witching hour ticking closer, Angela must solve the mystery of the Caribbean island and its legendary witch coven. This film was shot entirely in the Turks and Caicos Islands, on Grand Turk Island.'] ['A man meets a young woman, leading to a tale wherein a man in a white suit kills everyone at a birthday party.'] ['Sugar Creek follows Adam Stanton as he awakes, alone in a field and without his shoes. Setting out in search of help he finds the local townspeople to be afraid of him.'] ['From thousand years ago, the Aztec civilization had praised the male god known as "Quetzalcoatl". Then in 1984, a scientist named Dr. Shepard is studying the culture of Aztec. But in a mysterious ritual done in the eclipse, a screech was heard from the sky and Dr. Shepard screams. The screen then shows a bloodied Dr. Shepard, dead. Detective Harold Kipps investigated, and the natives tell that the killer was Quetzalcoatlus because Dr. Shepard was chosen as the sacrifice. Detective Harold didn\'t believe them, until he found a sighting of a winged reptilian flying in Philipines. The reptile has a long stretchy neck, and carried a dead deer in its feet. The monster also sighted by a sailor who is sailing towards the Atlantic Ocean, saying it\'s an enormous reptile, screeching as it flies across the boat. It is possibly 47 meters tall and 131 feet. The sailor, named Joel named the creature "Quetzalcoatl" like the Aztec called the creature. Jimmy Quinn, a young scientist also believed the creature\'s existence. Commisioner Nick McConell, a police officer also found dead killed in the Californian forests. One night in the same location, Mrs. Pauley, a woman is in her car until she is killed when her car is flipped and destroyed by a mysterious gigantic thing. Finally Lt. Murray Radcliffe, a lieutenant in the SWAT orders his army to investigate. But they end up dead, few survived. The surviving members claimed the murderer was the same giant reptile, meaning Quetzalcoatl was no myth! The creature finally shows up, in London. The Royal Air Force tries to fight the monster, but was destroyed quickly. Right after that, Quetzalcoatl disappeared between the clouds. The news quickly made, about the sightings of the creature. "Giant flying reptile on loose?" "Real Quetzalcoatl Comes" like that. But Quetzalcoatl reappears, this time in New York. The reptile wreaks havoc and eats the innocent civilians, but Jimmy had a plan. He knows Quetzalcoatl is weak of fire. So, Jimmy tells to Captain Fletcher from the military that they had to set grenades. They shoot the grenades using launchers to Quetzalcoatl, and it was successful. The reptile began to burn to death and fell with a terrible screech to the ground from the blue skies, and then was converted into ashes, dead. But, in the deep forests of California, the screech of Quetzalcoatl was heard, signing a new reign of terror!'] ['While boating , a quartet of teens, Reg , Skip ([[Paul Pepper , Julie , and Pam , accidentally discover an island run by a mad scientist named Doctor Myra who, backed by foreign agents from "the East", intends to turn everyone in the United States into a zombie. The teenagers become trapped on the island, and are temporarily imprisoned in cages. They are freed when other teenagers arrive with the sheriff . A complicated fight scene serves as the climax, in which a de-zombified gorilla arrives just in time to attack Dr. Myra\'s henchmen and allow the teens to escape. When they are safely back on the mainland, it is implied that the teens will receive a reward for discovering the island, and will have an audience with the President of the United States.'] ['Set during the 15th century, the sorcerer Dr. Erasmus Craven  has been mourning the death of his wife Lenore  for over two years, much to the chagrin of his daughter Estelle . One night he is visited by a raven, who happens to be a transformed wizard, Dr. Bedlo . Together they brew a potion that restores Bedlo to his old self. Bedlo explains he had been transformed by the evil Dr. Scarabus  in an unfair duel, and both decide to see Scarabus, Bedlo to exact revenge and Craven to look for his wife\'s ghost, which Bedlo reportedly saw at Scarabus\' castle. After fighting off the attack of Craven\'s coachman, who apparently acted under the influence of Scarabus, they set out to the castle, joined by Craven\'s daughter Estelle and Bedlo\'s son Rexford . At the castle, Scarabus greets his guests with false friendship, and Bedlo is apparently killed as he conjures a storm in a last act of defiance against his nemesis. At night, Rexford finds him alive and well, hiding in the castle. Craven, meanwhile, is visited and tormented by Lenore, who is revealed to be alive and well too, having faked her death two years before to move away with Scarabus. As Craven, Estelle, Rexford and Bedlo try to escape the castle, Scarabus stops them, and they are tied and locked up. Bedlo panics and flees away in raven form, having convinced Scarabus to turn him back into bird form rather than face torture. As Craven is confronted with the choice of Estelle\'s torture or of him giving away the secrets of his "hand magic", Bedlo flies back in, frees Rexford, and together aid Craven. Craven and Scarabus then seat facing each other and engage in a magic duel. After a lengthy performance of narrow escapes and derision, Craven defeats Scarabus, and escapes with his friends after rejecting Lenore, who tries to reconcile with him after alleging she had been "under a spell". The castle then tumbles down on Scarabus and his mistress, but they are shown to survive, though Scarabus has been stripped of his magic. Rexford and Estelle retreat alone, while Bedlo tries to convince Craven to turn him back to human form once more. Craven tells him to shut his beak and recites the famous lines from Edgar Allan Poe\'s poem: "Quoth the raven - nevermore".'] ["{{Expand section}} Three showgirls head to Las Vegas for work when their car breaks down. Andre  offers to help them and takes them to his place where he keeps women confined in chains and makes them perform circus tricks in his barn. His father, who has become a homicidal mutant because of the homestead's proximity to a nuclear power plant, lives next to them in a shed."] ["A fallen foot tall Homunculus called Marvin  is imprisoned in a birdcage by a vengeful lover who is bidding to become the world's most powerful vampire. Footage from Vampire Journals  is used at the beginning of the movie to explain how Morella, the vampire Queen, left her bloodline behind in Europe. The movie ends with Morella transformed into a Homunculus and having sex in the cage with Marvin."] ['For thirty-five years, something evil lay buried beneath the sands of Mexico until a hapless treasure hunter digs up more than he expects, releasing the mysterious, handsome, and deadly Luis Diego  from his desert tomb. Finally free, Diego seeks to exact vengeance on those who nearly destroyed him all those years ago, including the woman he once loved, Sarita . Diego’s revenge, however, is unexpectedly interrupted when he falls for Sarita’s niece, Maricela . He sees in her a second chance – a chance to defeat the darkness inside him and to lead a normal life. But torn between the love in his heart and the evil in his soul, Diego soon discovers that his thirst for blood cannot be denied. With a growing rage, Diego succumbs to his wicked hunger and resumes his quest for vengeance, determined to leave nothing in Mexico but a Desert of Blood.Desert of Blood. 2006. June&nbsp;10, 2008. <http://www.desertofblood.com>.'] ['Set in the American Southwest, Doc  is an alcoholic security watchman protecting digging equipment from environmental activists, though he befriends one of them named Thrush . Meanwhile, Dr. Jane Tiptree  of the Eunice Corporation is breeding a strain of extra large and fertile chickens by splicing their DNA with that of crocodiles, iguanas, albatrosses, and ostriches. Unknown to the Corporation\'s sponsors however, Triptree is impregnating several of the chickens with dinosaur DNA. One of her resulting creatures, a Deinonychus, escapes and kills the activists, as well as other civilians. Doc investigates and discovers that Tiptree is also creating a virus which causes women to fatally conceive baby dinosaurs, in order to wipe out humanity and thus allow Carnosaurs and Raptors to reclaim the Earth as their own. After narrowly escaping a Tyrannosaurus and the lab, Doc and Thrush battle it with skidsteers near the end of the film . The government infiltrates the community in order to "sterilize" the situation by shooting all the civilians, infected or not. In the end, Thrush dies from the virus and Doc is shot by government soldiers, then their bodies are burned.'] ['The U.S. Navy commissions a group known as "Blue Water" to genetically engineer a half-shark, half-octopus for combat. During a demonstration off Santa Monica, the Sharktopus escapes the control of its creators and causes mayhem. Hunted by Blue Water and a television crew, the monster attacks numerous beach-goers.'] ["A rocket-ship carrying astronaut John Corcoran  launches and orbits the Earth, marking the United States' first manned space launch. Shortly after taking off, the ship is struck by an unknown object, forcing Corcoran to abort the mission and land. However, the equipment cannot handle the fast descent back into the atmosphere and the ship crash lands in the woods, killing Corcoran. Dave Randall  and Donna Bixby , two technicians from a nearby space agency tracking station, locate the crashed ship and recover Corcoran's body. They are baffled, however, by what appears to be a giant tear in the side of the destroyed spacecraft and a mud-like substance covering some of the wreckage. Randall and Bixby are joined by lead scientist Dr. Alex Wyman , technician Steve Dunlap  and physician Julie Benson , who was also Corcoran's fiancee. Wyman observes that Corcoran's body exhibits no signs of rigor mortis, and that the blood pooling beside him is not livid as it should be. The team brings the corpse back to their lab to run tests and find further irregularities. Although the body lacks a heartbeat or pulse, it maintains the blood pressure of a living human being. After looking at his blood in a microscope, they find unusual, unidentifiable cells that seem resistant to destruction from human white blood cells. The team tries to call for further assistance, but find the radio is no longer working. Randall heads outside to check the power transformers, and is attacked by a large creature  hiding in the underbrush around the station. Randall fires a few shots at the creature with his pistol and escapes unscathed. Although he did not get a good look at the creature, he describes it to the rest of the team as similar in size to a bear. Later, the team finds the infirmary has been trashed and Corcoran's body is gone. They initially believe the creature has broken in and stole the corpse, but are shocked to instead find Corcoran has mysteriously regained consciousness. Upon checking his blood again, there is no trace of the mysterious cells from before, but after investigating Corcoran's body, they find the cells have changed into lizard-like fetuses and entered into his abdominal cavity. The creature later breaks into the lab again, this time beheading Dr. Wyman. Randall and Dunlap are initially suspicious that Corcoran was involved in the death, which he denies, but it appears he has some sort of telepathic connection with the creature. Despite Wyman's death, Corcoran does not believe the creature is evil, but rather simply misunderstood. He implores the others to give the creature a chance to explain its actions, and asks that they not condemn it as a monster simply because it is different. As the others plot to destroy the creature with improvised gas bombs and flares, Corcoran flees the station and finds the creature in a nearby cave. After consuming Wyman's brain, the creature is now able to speak with the scientist's old voice and has absorbed his knowledge. Corcoran asks whether Wyman's death was needed, but the creature insists it was a necessary sacrifice. The others arrive to destroy the creature, but hesitate because Corcoran will not step aside and let them throw their bombs. The creature insists it is not an evil monster, but an intelligent alien who has come to Earth to save the human race from its own self-destructive tendencies. It explains that Corcoran's body has been implanted with its embryos, which will allow the alien species to multiply and take over the human race, which the creature claims is the only way to truly save humanity. Upon realizing the creature is forcing the will of its species on the human race, Corcoran concludes the creature is evil after all and commits suicide so its embryos cannot come to fruition. The others then throw their explosives and kill the creature, which in its dying breaths warns that others from his species are waiting in space and will return one day to conquer humanity."] ['The film\'s graveyard prologue is a recreation of the opening scene from Ed Wood\'s then-unreleased 1958 film Night of the Ghouls. Criswell reprises his role from the earlier film. The action begins when a young couple, Bob  and Shirley  survive a car crash only to find themselves tied to posts in a misty cemetery where they are forced to watch dead spirits dance for the Emperor of the Night played by Criswell . Ten striptease performances by topless dancers from beyond the grave outfitted in various motifs comprise most of this movie. The Wolf Man  and The Mummy are also tossed in for comic relief. Barrington doubles as the blond Gold Girl (inspired by Shirley Eaton in [[Goldfinger  while her red-headed "Shirley" character watches her perform. Criswell\'s undead consort, the sexy Black Ghoul, was written for Maila Nurmi, a.k.a. Vampira, but was instead played by Fawn Silver, who wore a black bouffant wig.'] ["A supposedly haunted house in Covington County is being plowed over to make way for a shopping mall when four, unmarked graves are unearthed. A professor and her students are called in to identify the bodies. Unfortunately, these are the remains of Lilith LeFay and her Blood Coven. During an experiment, the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith's remains leading to her possession. One by one, the students transform into members of the coven to wreak havoc on the town that betrayed and killed them over 300 years ago."] ['Jazz pianist Tom Stewart , who lives on a Cape Cod island community, is preparing to marry his fiancee Meg. Shortly before the wedding, Tom\'s old girlfriend Vi  visits and informs him that she will end Tom\'s relationship with Meg, using blackmail if necessary. While arguing on top of a lighthouse, the railing Vi is leaning against gives way. She manages to briefly hang on, but Tom refuses to help and watches her fall to her death. The next day, Tom sees Vi\'s body floating in the water. He retrieves her only to see the body turn into seaweed. Tom tries to forget what he\'s seen, but over the next several days, all manner of strange occurrences happen. Vi\'s watch washes up on the beach and mysterious footprints appear in the sand. Before long, Vi\'s ghost appears and tells Tom that she will haunt him for the rest of his life. One day, Meg\'s little sister Sandy shows up and asks Tom if she can see the engagement ring. As Tom shows it to Sandy, he\'s spooked by a disembodied hand that soon makes off with the ring. Soon afterward, a party is held for Tom and Meg. Vi\'s disembodied head makes a small appearance in a photo taken of Tom and Meg, and when he\'s alone, Vi taunts Tom that she\'ll now use her voice to tell the world how Tom Stewart killed her. To add to Tom\'s dilemma, a ferry-driving beatnik comes looking for Tom, intent on collecting the $5 Vi owes him for her trip to the island. Tom\'s haste to pay the fellow off causes the shifty man to stick around, where his attempts to blackmail Tom lead to the ferryman\'s death. However, unbeknownst to Tom, Sandy has inadvertently witnessed the murder. At the wedding, Sandy keeps quiet about what she\'s seen, but almost says something at the point in the ceremony where the clergy asks if anyone "can give reason why these two should not be joined in matrimony." Before she can speak, the church\'s front doors burst open and the flowers all begin to wilt as the candles die out, bringing the ceremony to an abrupt and unpleasant end. Later that night, Tom goes to the lighthouse, telling Vi that he\'s leaving the island. Soon after, Sandy listens in to what Tom says. When Tom finds her, he realizes that he\'s now trapped; Sandy knows too much and could possibly tell Meg and the others. A desperate Tom leads Sandy up to the broken lighthouse railing with the intent to push her over. But just then, Vi\'s ghost swoops down on Tom, causing him to go over the edge as Sandy watches. Soon afterward, the islanders go searching for Tom\'s body. However, the first one they find is Vi\'s. Shortly afterward, Tom\'s body is found and placed next to Vi\'s body, which somehow manages to turn and lay its arm across his body. On Vi\'s dead hand is the engagement ring that was supposed to be Meg\'s, signaling that Tom is now stuck forever with Vi.'] ['A group of teenagers visit a lake with intentions to spend the weekend there. Despite warnings from the locals, the group continues with their weekend plan and soon discover the lake is cursed.'] ['Robert "Rack" Hansen , a veterinarian in rural Verde Valley, Arizona, United States, receives an urgent call from a local farmer, Walter Colby . Colby is upset because his prize calf has become sick for no apparent reason, and brings the animal to Hansen\'s laboratory. Hansen examines the calf, which dies shortly afterward. Hansen tells Colby he cannot explain what made the animal so ill so quickly, but takes samples of the calf\'s blood to a university lab in Flagstaff. A few days later, Diane Ashley , an arachnologist, arrives looking for Hansen. Ashley tells Hansen that the calf was killed by a massive dose of spider venom, which Hansen greets with skepticism. Undaunted, Ashley tells him the problem is serious and that she wishes to examine the animal\'s carcass and the area where it became sick. Hansen escorts Ashley to Colby\'s farm. Moments after they arrive, Colby\'s wife, Birch , discovers their dog is dead. Ashley performs a quick chemical test on the dog\'s carcass and concludes that like the calf, it died from a massive injection of spider venom. Hansen is incredulous, until Colby states that he recently found a massive "spider hill" on a back section of his farmland. He takes Hansen and Ashley to the hill, which is covered with tarantulas. Ashley theorizes that the tarantulas are converging together due to the heavy use of pesticides, which are eradicating their natural food supply. In order to survive, the spiders are joining forces to attack and eat larger animals. Hansen and Ashley return to the Colby farm. As the scientists and the Colbys are walking past a barn, a bull stampedes out; it is being attacked by tarantulas. Ashley notes that the spiders likely will not be afraid to attack people either. Colby douses the spider hill with gasoline and lights it on fire, seemingly destroying the spider menace. However, many of the spiders escape out of a tunnel. Colby is attacked in his truck the next day, sending it over the side of a hill and killing him. Hansen happens upon the accident scene and helps the sheriff, Gene Smith , examine the wreckage. Colby\'s body is found encased in a cocoon of spider webs. Meanwhile, Ashley is notified by her colleagues that a sample of venom from one of the spiders is five times more toxic than normal. Hansen is then told by the sheriff that several more spider hills have been located on Colby\'s property. Hansen, Ashley and the sheriff examine the hills along with the mayor of Camp Verde , who orders the sheriff to spray the hills and the surrounding countryside with a pesticide. Ashley protests, arguing that pesticide use is what caused the problem to begin with and that the town would be better off using birds and rats  to eradicate them. The mayor dismisses the idea, fearing that having a large number of spiders and rats all over the countryside will scare away patrons of the annual county fair. A crop duster is enlisted to spray the pesticide. Once the pilot is airborne, he is attacked by tarantulas, and crashes the plane before he can disperse the spray. The spiders begin their assault on the local residents, killing Birch and Hansen\'s sister-in-law, Terri . Hansen arrives at their home and rescues Terri\'s daughter, Linda from the spiders. Hansen and Ashley take Linda to the Washburn Lodge. They consult with the sheriff, who tells them that the spiders are everywhere and Camp Verde cut off from the outside world. Smith drives into town, while Hansen and the other survivors at the lodge plan to load up an RV and escape. However, the spiders trap them in the lodge, and they barricade themselves inside. Meanwhile, Smith arrives in Camp Verde and finds the town under siege by the spiders. Smith tries to escape, but is killed when another car crashes into a support post under the town\'s water tower, causing it to fall on his vehicle. Back at the lodge, the power goes out, and Hansen is forced to venture into the lodge\'s basement to change a blown fuse. He succeeds, but is besieged by spiders who break through one of the basement windows, by using their combined weight. He makes it upstairs just in time to be saved by Ashley. The film concludes the next day, with the survivors rigging up a radio receiver and listening for news of the attacks. To their surprise, the radio broadcast doesn\'t mention the attacks, indicating that the outside world is oblivious to what has happened. Hansen pries off the boards from one of the lodge\'s windows, and discovers that the entire building is encased in a giant web cocoon. The camera pulls back, and all of Camp Verde is encased in cocoons as well.'] ["It is set in a small town in California in the 1950s, where Count Dracula arrives in the form of an artist named Belak Gordal  who has traveled from Europe to visit his cousin, Cora Mayberry . The story revolves around his interaction with Cora's daughter, Rachel .The Return of Dracula, Turner Classic Movies website, accessed October 12, 2011"] ['Circa 1900, in Ireland, two carnies, Angus Shaw  and his wife Lillian , abduct a mermaid  and try to smuggle her into the United States. As their ship appears to lose its way, the mermaid begins to show a deadly, almost vampiric side.'] ['The film is about a New Jersey high school , which is conveniently located next to a nuclear power plant. The gang of the school, called "The Cretins", deals drugs among the students. They pick leaves from a radioactive marijuana plant located in the yard of the nuclear plant and sell it to Eddie for $10. He smokes it at a party with his friends Warren and Chrissy. That night, they both have hallucinations. Chrissy discovers that she is pregnant, and spits a little monster into a toilet bowl. The creature travels through the water pipes and lands in a barrel filled with radioactive waste, and mutates into a bigger creature. Meanwhile, Warren has super strength and kills two of the Cretins. The rebel gang takes over the school and start destroying it, and they take Chrissy hostage and take her to the basement. Warren goes into the school to save her, and he discovers the adult monster, who kills every one of The Cretins. Warren finally kills the beast with a laser he found in the physics laboratory, and he and Chrissy leave the school right after the monster explodes along with the school. The film ends with a frame of the monster "baby" squirming through the remains of the destroyed school.'] ["Dr Frankenstein’s grandchildren Maria and Rudolph have moved to the American West, in order to use the prairie lightning storms in their experiments on unwilling victims. After a number of failures, Rudolph is finding it increasingly difficult to hide the trail of bodies. Down the road, Mañuel Lopez, his wife Nina, and their daughter Estelita decide to leave town because of the frequent disappearances. Two gunslingers come to town, Hank Tracy, a dimwitted lug, and Jesse James, the infamous outlaw. Meeting up with the head of a local gang, they join up with the intention of stealing $100,000 from the next stagecoach. However, a gang member named Lonny decides to go to the sheriff and lets them know about the plot in exchange for becoming his deputy. So as the robbery begins, the sheriff and his men shoot the two remaining members of his gang and seriously wound Hank. Jesse and Hank escape and stop at the Lopez's campout to tend to Hank's wound and sleep until the morning. During the middle of the night, Estelita wakes up Jesse and Hank and leads them back to town to the Frankensteins' house to fix up Hank. Maria agrees to help, but her plan is to use Hank as another one of her experiments. After sending Jesse to the town pharmacist with a note, she begins operating on Hank, giving him a new brain and bringing him back to life. Rudolph tries to poison Hank, now called Igor, and Maria orders Igor to strangle Rudolph. Jesse gives the pharmacist the note, which actually reveals his identity and tells the pharmacist to call the sheriff. Jesse manages to escape, killing deputy Lonny in the process. When he returns to the Frankensteins' house, Igor incapacitates him and ties him up. Realizing Jesse is in trouble, Estelita sends the sheriff to the house, where he finds Jesse and prepares to take him for the reward. But Maria sends Igor to crush the sheriff. During the scuffle, Estelita frees Jesse and tries to escape. Maria orders Igor to go kill Estelita, but Igor strangles Maria instead and goes after Jesse. Estelita gets Jesse's gun and kills Igor. The next morning, as Jesse buries Hank, Estelita pleads with him to stay and live with her, but Jesse, knowing that he's a fugitive, rides off with the sheriff, who wasn't killed by Igor."] ['Five Michigan State students venture into the hills of Tennessee to spend their Spring Break vacation in an isolated cabin. There, they find the "Naturan Demanto", a Sumerian variation of the Book of the Dead. They also find a tape recorder that plays demonic incantations from the book, unleashing evil demons. The demons proceed to isolate and kill off the students, beginning with Cheryl, who hears the voices of the demons and goes outside to investigate. Alone and far from the safety of the cabin, Cheryl is attacked by trees possessed by the demons, The others do not believe Cheryl\'s story and assume that she was attacked by a wild animal. Her brother, Ash, decides to drive her to town where she can find a place to stay for the night. However, they find that the only bridge connecting the cabin to civilization has been destroyed with the supports bent into the shape of a hand. Later, Cheryl, with the essence of a demon infesting her body following her encounter with the trees, becomes possessed and stabs Linda, Ash\'s girlfriend, in the ankle with a pencil. Scotty forces Cheryl into the cellar and locks it, but his girlfriend Shelly is also possessed by a demon, which spies on her from outside her bedroom as she is changing before hurling itself at her. Now possessed, Shelly attacks Scotty and sustains a number of brutal injuries before Scotty dismembers her with an axe. Clearly shaken by Shelly\'s death, Scotty leaves to go find an alternate trail through the woods. Ash goes to check on Linda, but finds that she, too, has become possessed, but she makes no attempt to attack him. Scotty returns, having suffered grave injuries inflicted onto him by the possessed trees. He tells Ash that there is an alternate trail through the woods before passing out, and Linda and Cheryl start laughing maniacally at their predicament. The two women suddenly seem to snap out of their possession, but it is revealed to be a trick when Ash almost releases Cheryl from the cellar and she tries to strangle him through the door. Ash locks Linda outside of the cabin and tends to Scotty\'s injuries, but he quickly bleeds to death. Linda sneaks in through the backdoor and attacks Ash with a ceremonial dagger, but Ash is able to take the dagger from her and impale her through her torso, seemingly killing her. Ash takes Linda\'s body to the work shed and tries to dismember her with a chainsaw, but finds that he cannot bring himself to do it and buries her instead. She rises from the grave and wrestles with Ash, who eventually lops her head off with a shovel. Returning to the cabin, Ash finds that Cheryl has escaped. Armed with a shotgun, Ash finds Cheryl hiding outside and shoots her in the shoulder, but it does not seem to have any effect. After barricading all of the doors, Ash descends into the cellar to find some extra shotgun shells, and while down there he experiences a series of strange events such as mysterious voices and blood seeping from numerous crevices and openings in the walls. Scotty\'s body reanimates, now possessed by a demon, and tries to kill Ash, but he cripples him by gouging out his eyes. Ash then notices that the Book of the Dead has fallen near the fireplace and is starting to burn, as are Cheryl and Scotty, giving the illusion that disposal of the book into the fire will destroy the demons. Cheryl breaks into the cabin and knocks Ash down with little effort. While Scotty pins him down, Cheryl repeatedly beats Ash with a fireplace poker. Ash is able to grab the book after several attempts and tosses it into the fireplace just as Cheryl raises the poker to impale him. The demons leave the bodies of Cheryl and Scotty, which then become inanimate and rapidly decay and fall apart. Ash, believing he has survived the ordeal, heads outside. A demon emerges from the woods and descends upon Ash, who turns to see it and lets out a bloodcurdling scream.'] ['Alex and his girlfriend are looking for an apartment to move into. They then find this nice apartment. Their neighbor seduces Alex while his girlfriend is away. After the incident, Alex begins to turn into an angry, melting monster. He finds that the only way he can return to normal is to commit murder. His girlfriend must learn the secret of the apartment and the brutal massacre that took place centuries ago.'] ['When three friends find a sweet deal on a mansion in Hollywood Hills, they think they have struck party gold. But their dreams of sexy Hollywood ladies are quickly thwarted when they realize their dream pad is also a direct portal to Hell.'] ['A colossal series of disasters releases something monstrous from a glacier. Strange disappearances in a small California town attract the attention of a thick-headed sheriff , his transparently uninterested scientist girlfriend  and a visiting government agent . They discover that a giant green monster is at large, the Creaturesaurus Erectus,  They turn to experienced monster fighter Colonel Patrick Hendry , who has been locked in a government asylum for decades. With the help of other monster experts, lots of stock footage and incredibly bad special effects, humanity fights back against the "Thing from Another Time Zone".'] ['The film opens at the fictional Miskatonic University in Arkham, Massachusetts, where Dr. Henry Armitage  has just finished a lecture on the local history and the very rare and priceless Necronomicon. He gives the book to his student Nancy Wagner  to return to the library. She is followed by a stranger, who later introduces himself as Wilbur Whateley . Whateley asks to see the book, and though it is closing time and the book is reputedly the only copy in existence, Nancy allows it under the influence of Whateley\'s hypnotic gaze. Whateley\'s perusal of the book is cut short by Armitage, who has researched Wilbur\'s family\'s sordid past. His warnings about the Whateleys go unheeded by Nancy, who decides to give Wilbur a ride back to Dunwich after he misses his bus, perhaps purposely. At a gas station on the outskirts of town, Nancy first encounters the ill-esteem in which the locals hold Wilbur. Once back at the Whateley house, she meets Old Whateley , Wilbur\'s grandfather. Her car is then disabled and she is drugged by the younger Whateley. She decides under the influence of hypnosis and drugs to spend the weekend, and does not change her mind when Armitage and her classmate arrive from Arkham the next morning. The duo does not abandon Nancy, however. They investigate further and discover that Wilbur\'s mother, Lavinia  is still alive and in an asylum. The town doctor, Cory  informs Armitage that Lavinia delivered twins when Wilbur was born, but one was stillborn, though he was not there for the delivery and never saw the body. The childbirth was very traumatic and Lavina "lost her mind" during it, and nearly died. In the meantime, on the advice of the locals, Nancy\'s classmate enters the Whateley house looking for Nancy. She opens a locked door, and releases a creature  that kills her and escapes. Upon Wilbur and Nancy\'s return, Old Whateley confronts them about the presence of the missing girl\'s car, and in the ensuing argument, falls down the stairs and dies. Wilbur takes him to the local cemetery for a decidedly non-Christian burial, but the local townsfolk vociferously stop him. As the story draws to a close, a rapid unfolding of events occurs. Wilbur\'s twin runs amok in Dunwich, killing several people. Lavinia dies in the asylum, looking much older than her 45 years. The Whateley estate burns down in a conflagration that may have to do with a pagan ritual. At the top of a coastal cliff, Wilbur prepares Nancy for sacrifice to bring back what he calls "The Old Ones." He is struck by lightning in the ritual and falls in a ball of fire into the sea. In the closing scene, the physically unharmed Nancy is escorted off the sacrificial altar by Armitage and Cory, who calm her by stating that the Whateley line has ended. Just before the credits, it is revealed that Nancy is pregnant, presumably with Wilbur\'s ill-conceived child.'] ['One night, while out row boating in the middle of a lake, John Haloran and his young wife Louise argue about his rich mother\'s will. Louise is upset that everything is currently designated to go to charity in the name of "a mysterious Kathleen." John tells Louise that if he dies before his mother does, she will be entitled to none of the inheritance. He then promptly drops dead from a massive heart attack. Thinking quickly, the scheming Louise throws the fresh corpse over the side of the boat, where he comes to rest at the bottom of the lake. Her plan is to pretend that he is still alive, in order to ingratiate her way back into the will. She types up a letter to Lady Haloran, inviting herself to the family\'s Irish castle while her husband is "away on business". Upon arrival, she immediately notices that things are a little strange in the castle. She observes John\'s two brothers, Billy and Richard taking part in a bizarre ceremony with their mother as part of a yearly ritualistic tribute to their youngest sister, Kathleen, who died many years before in a freak drowning accident. Lady Haloran still mourns for her, and during this year\'s ceremony, she faints dead away. As Louise helps her into the house, her mother-in-law tells her that she fainted because one of the flowers she had thrown had died as it touched Kathleen\'s grave. Louise, realizing that Lady Haloran is emotionally overwrought and superstitious, devises a plan intended to convince the old woman that Kathleen is trying to communicate with her from beyond the grave. This plan involves stealing some of the dead girl\'s old toys and placing them at the bottom of the estate\'s pond where they will float to the surface in the middle of the day in an ostensibly ghostly way. At night, Louise swims into the pond and begins placing the toys as planned. However, she is shocked to see what appears to be Kathleen\'s perfectly preserved corpse at the bottom of the pond. Horrified, she swims to the surface... and is abruptly axed to death by an unknown assailant. The killer then drags Louise\'s bloody corpse away.  Concerned family doctor Justin Caleb arrives and becomes determined to solve the mystery. He questions the family in an intense, almost insane manner. Meanwhile, the murderer strikes again, decapitating a man who is poaching on the estate. Caleb has the pond drained, revealing a stone shrine for Kathleen, with the words "Forgive Me, Kathleen" on the monument. The following night, Lady Haloran is attacked by a shadowy figure, but she survives. Finally, Caleb utilizes an obscure nursery rhyme  to help him discover Louise\'s corpse hidden in a meat freezer. Next to the body is a wax figure of Kathleen. Caleb places the figure in a public square to lure the killer. Taking the bait, a gibbering Billy attempts to kill Richard\'s fiancée Kane with an axe; he has become insane with the guilt he has felt for years over having caused the death of his sister Kathleen. Caleb removes a gun from his coat pocket and shoots Billy to death.'] ["Pickett Smith  rows in a canoe and takes photographs of various animals in a swamp from around the Crockett family's estate; a scenic plantation located on an island on a lake in rural Florida. After Clint  accidentally tips Pickett's canoe over, he and his sister Karen  escort Smith to the family mansion where he meets the entire Crockett family. The grouchy, wheelchair-bound patriarch, Jason , intends on spending the next day enjoying both the 4th of July and his own birthday celebrations uninterrupted. Due to the mutual dislike of the fauna around the mansion, Jason has sent a man called Grover to spray pesticide in order to get rid of the amphibians. Pickett discovers Grover's corpse covered in snake bites in the swamp not far from the house. Despite this warning, Jason continues with his celebrations the next day, unaware that the frogs and other animals plan to get revenge for the constant pollution around the area. On the mainland, Michael checks the telephone lines in his car  but is distracted by birds. Hoping to shoot them down, he chases them but accidentally shoots himself in the leg. A swarm of tarantulas cover him with webbing and moss, cocooning him completely. On the island, Kenneth leaves to get flowers from the greenhouse but lizards infest the greenhouse and knock over jars of chemicals. The mixture fills the place with poisonous gases and Kenneth asphyxiates. Pickett warns everyone that everyone should try to leave the island but Jason is adamant that nothing will ruin his day. Meanwhile, Iris is lured into the path of several frogs and snakes while chasing after a butterfly. Trying to escape, she falls into a small swamp of leeches which latch on to her until she manages to pull them off. Massively fatigued, she falls near a rattlesnake which promptly bites her and kills her. Her husband Stuart comes looking for her, only to meet a grisly end when he falls into the swamp and is eaten by an alligator. Charles and Maybelle, Jason's long-suffering butler and cook, decide to leave along with Kenneth's fiancee, Bella, on Pickett's advice. Clint takes them across the lake in his speedboat. Clint stays behind and searches the nearby grocery store while the others walk on. They are soon attacked by birds and pecked to death offscreen. Clint discovers his boat has been untethered and swims to reach it but a water moccasin kills him in the water. His wife, Jenny, witnesses this through binoculars and attempts to rescue him, but gets stuck in the lake mud and is killed by a large snapping turtle. Karen and Pickett decide to leave with Clint and Jenny's kids and leave Jason behind, his mind still intent on celebrating. They cross the lake in Pickett's canoe encountering alligators and more water snakes, which Pickett dispatches with the boat paddle as well as a shotgun. They eventually make it ashore and to a road where they hitch a ride with a woman and her son. While the woman tells the four survivors that they are driving towards Jackson City and have strangely not seen a single person or car on the road all day, the boy shows them a huge frog he took from summer camp where his mother picked him up... Later that night, Jason, now alone in his mansion, witnesses hundreds of frogs breaking their way into the house and staring at him. Looking around the room at his stuffed animal trophies adds to his tension and he collapses out of his wheelchair from a heart attack. The frogs croak louder and louder as they hop over his corpse. The final shot shows all the lights in the mansion flickering out for good... implying that nature has won, and the rest of the humanity is apparently next."] ['In Venice, California, student Daisy  leaves a club alone after having an argument with her beatnik boyfriend Max . Walking through the deserted streets, she stops to admire some gruesome paintings in a gallery window painted by artist Antonio Sordi , who coincidentally also comes by to look in on his "lost children." After a friendly conversation, Sordi convinces the young woman to pose nude for him that night. At his bell-tower studio, Sordi is possessed by the spirit of a long-dead ancestor and suddenly transforms into a vampiric monster who hacks the screaming Daisy to death with a cleaver. Afterwards, he lowers her mutilated corpse into a vat of boiling wax. Sordi, in his vampire form, stalks Venice in search of victims; he is able to do so freely at all hours. In the middle of the day, he chases a young woman into the surf at a beach and drowns her. At night, he kills a prostitute in a car while pedestrians stroll by, all of them assuming the pair are lovers sharing an intimate moment. Another victim is approached at a party, chased into a swimming pool, and drowned there after the other guests have moved into the house. The murdered women are carried back to Sordi\'s studio and painted by the artist, their bodies then covered in wax. Max wants to make up with Daisy but cannot find her anywhere. Learning that she has posed for Sordi and become the subject of the latest in the artist\'s series of "Dead Red Nudes," he visits her sister Donna  to ask her forgiveness. Donna tells Max she hasn\'t seen Daisy for days, and is concerned about the recent rash of disappearances. She reads Max the legend of Sordi\'s 15th-century ancestor Erno, a painter condemned to be burned at the stake for capturing his subjects\' souls on canvas. Unable to convince Max that Antonio Sordi might also be a vampire, she confronts the artist at his studio and asks him if he has seen Daisy. He angrily brushes her off. That night, he later follows her through the streets and murders her as she tries to escape from him on a carousel. The "human" Sordi is in love with Dorian , an avant-garde ballerina and Daisy\'s former roommate. At first he tries to protect her from his vampiric tendencies, warning her his studio is a cheerless place and at one point breaking a date with her to spend time gaining control of his feelings for her. When she turns up at the studio unannounced, he believes she is the reincarnation of Erno Sordi’s long-dead mistress Melizza , a witch who had denounced him to the ecclesiastical courts in order to protect herself from prosecution, and traps her in a net. He is about to slash her throat with a razor when Max and his beatnik friends finally realize Sordi is a murderer and successfully free her from the tower. Melizza, seen in a painting that Sordi keeps concealed behind a curtain, brings three of Sordi\'s victims back to life and they dispatch him by forcing him into the boiling wax.'] ['The story is set in a town in the American Southwest. Young Charles Cannon ([[Stephen Parker , after seeing a meteor crash in the desert heads out to investigate it. He becomes exposed to rays from the meteor and ages rapidly. He is now about ten years older, hairy, aggressive, and psychopathic. His mother hides him in the basement to protect him from the law.'] ['An alien spacecraft comes to Earth, while searching the galaxy for a planet suitable to raise "gargons," a lobster-like  creature which is a delicacy on their homeworld. Thor , the lead alien, shows his contempt for Earth\'s creatures by vaporizing a dog named Sparky. Crewmember Derek , after discovering an inscription on Sparky\'s dog tag, fears that the gargon might destroy Earth\'s local inhabitants, making the other spacemen scoff. Being members of the "supreme race", they disdain "foreign beings," no matter how intelligent and pride themselves that families and friendships are forbidden on their world. Derek turns out to be a member of an underground which commemorates more humane periods of his world\'s history. Their one gargon seems to be sick in Earth\'s atmosphere. While his crewmates are distracted, Derek flees. Eventually, the gargon seems to revive. When the Captain reports Derek\'s actions, he is connected to the Leader  himself. It turns out that Derek is the Leader\'s son, though Derek is unaware of this. Thor is sent to hunt Derek down, with orders to kill to protect the mission. They return to their base, leaving the gargon behind. Meanwhile, Derek finds the home address found on the dog tag. He meets Betty Morgan  and her Grandpa Joe . They have a room to rent, and Derek inadvertently becomes a boarder. When Betty\'s boyfriend, reporter Joe Rogers , can\'t make their afternoon plans, Derek tags along with Betty. He shows the tag to Betty, who recognizes it immediately. Derek takes her to the place where the ship landed, and shows her Sparky\'s remains. She doesn\'t believe him, so he describes Thor\'s weapon that that vaporizes flesh. Betty takes this surprisingly well and vows to help Derek stop the bad guys. For the rest of the day Betty and Derek have several run-ins with Thor and Joe follows up on stories of skeletons popping up all over town, including in Alice\'s swimming pool. Eventually Thor is wounded and he kidnaps Betty and Derek for medical attention, he reveals Derek\'s true parentage. Two car chases and a gunfight ensue and Thor is finally captured by authorities after plummeting off a cliff in a stolen car. But there are bigger problems: the gargon has grown immensely, killing a policeman investigating the landing site and attacking numerous people. Derek and Betty go to the car wreck to look for Thor\'s gun. They share a kiss, and Derek vows to stay on Earth. When the gargon ruins their romantic moment, Derek finds the gun just in time for them to escape. Unfortunately the gun is damaged and the monster is heading toward the town. They head out once again to confront it, using power lines to fuel the disintegrator. They kill the gargon, but it\'s too late as enemy ships suddenly appear overhead. The whole gang, including Joe and Grandpa, hurries out to the landing site. Derek reunites with his father and makes the ultimate sacrifice by leading the fleet directly into the hillside, causing a massive explosion. Derek does not survive, but is remembered for declairing, "I shall make the Earth my home. And I shall never, never leave it."'] ["Five women, Linda , Jessica , Kimberly , Suzanne  and Janey  buy the old Hokstedter place for their new sorority house. They get it cheap because of the bloody incidents from five years before committed by Hokstedter. They decide to stay in it for the night so they can meet the movers in the morning, despite the electricity and the phones not working. Janey tells the group of the murders years before, putting the group on edge. As it turns to night, a storm rolls in and the girls are crept out by they neighbor Orville Ketchum  who recalls the night of the murders, and how Hokstedter was defeated. He gives them the keys to the basement before returning home. The girls decide to explore the basement, and find Hokstedter's tools and also a ouija board. Meanwhile, Lt. Mike Block  and Sgt. Phyliss Shawlee  set out in the storm to get to the Hokstedter house after they receive a disturbance call from the house, and also suspect Orville had something to do with the murders, although Mike was unable to pin anything on him at the time. After taking showers, the group decide to use the ouija board to contact Hokstedter, however after they become too scared decide to go to bed. Suzanne and Janey have an argument, causing Janey to return downstairs to drink the rest of the alcohol. However she is attacked and stabbed to death. Soon after, Suzanne goes downstairs to find Janey, however can not find her. She alerts the others of Janey's disappearance, and the group split up to search. Suzanne goes up to the attic, but is locked in. She accidentally stands on a bear trap before the killer stabs her to death. Meanwhile, Mike and Phyliss travel to a strip club to talk to Candy  a survivor of the Hokstedter massacre. However, Candy can not recall if Orville was part of the murders. Linda, Jessica and Kimberly begin to think Janey and Suzanne are playing a trick on them, and so go down to the basement to find them. Just as they are about to give up, they find their bodies strung up on the ceiling. The girls run upstairs and arm themselves with knives before attempting to leave. However they run into Orville and so retreat back into the house and lock the doors and windows. As the survivors become more panicked, they realize they left the attic window open. They run upstairs and lock the window, however Kimberly realizes that he has already gotten into the house. She panics and runs downstairs. While Linda remains in the attic, Jessica goes after Kimberly. Kimberly bumps into Orville and hides in a bathroom, but the killer gets in and murders her. While Linda hides in the attic, Orville enters. Linda manages to stab him numerous times before finally chocking him. She goes downstairs in search of Kimberly and Jessica, but instead finds Kimberly dying in a bathtub. Linda is attacked by a still alive Orville, but Linda overpowers him and drowns him in the toilet. She goes downstairs to find Jessica, but answers the phone when it rings. A woman asks for her husband, Hokstedter, before warning her he is in the house, before hanging up. Linda is lured into the basement by Jessica, who reveals herself to have been possessed by Hokstedter. Jessica chases Linda upstairs where the two fight, before Orville reveals himself to still be alive. Orville stabs Jessica, however Jessica knocks him out, before Linda manages to defeat Jessica, stabbing her in the neck. The next morning, Mike arrives with police officers after the movers found the bodies. They find Linda still alive, but now possessed by Hokstedter. Orville wakes up and shoots Linda dead before the police officers shoot Orville. He however, survives and is rushed to hospital and later released after police could not pin the murders on him."] ["One of a pair of giant bioengineered pythons with acidic venom and armor-like skin, created by a Russian and American joint military operation led by U.S. Army Colonel Robin Evans Jefferson, Jr. , escapes into Russia's Ural Mountains. Jefferson and his team go to retrieve it, and find disaster in a clandestine Russian military base where the creature slaughters soldiers and scientists alike. American Dwight Stoddard  and his Russian wife Nadia  hires them to move some mysterious container, and they reach the isolated and deserted Russian military base. Larson's primary concern is retrieving the snakes' DNA, and he begins to kill his own men in the attempt before being eaten himself by one snake. Nadia leads one snake through a land mine field while the other one is blown up by an explosive hurled into the snake's mouth by Dwight. Only Dwight and Nadia survive, and are rescued by Russian soldiers."] ['Lila  is a good-natured go-go dancer who strips at a seedy topless bar on the Sunset Strip. After ingesting LSD, Lila becomes a psychopathic serial killer. She continues to pick up men at the bar where she is employed, but after her sanity is lost she routinely is interrupted mid-coitus by psychedelic bad trips in which she visualizes a balding, half-naked old man clutching wads of cash in one hand and a bunch of bananas in the other. These psychotic episodes cause her to murder her partners by stabbing them with a screwdriver and dismembering them with a rusty meat cleaver (or in one case, a garden [[hoe  while imagining that she is cutting up cantaloupes and watermelons.'] ['When a renegade band of young filmmakers break into an abandoned hospital to make their horror epic, they stumble upon a real dead body and decide to use it in their movie. They accidentally bring it back to life, open a portal to a dead world that releases dozens of other zombies, then struggle for their lives in a desperate attempt to flee from the creatures who apparently have them hopelessly trapped in the hospital.'] ["It's Corey Peterson's first day at Hallow End High School . He had moved to this small town with his mother due to a traumatic incident in his past. During his first day, he is approached by a fellow new arrival named Mason. His new friend warns Corey that a friend of Mason's, who had attended the school, has died. Mason warns Corey to stay away from the wrestler Perry and the people who follow him. After two students vanish, Corey attempts to consult with the principal, but gets nowhere. Corey and Mason then team up to get to the bottom of the mystery."] ['The movie starts with a group of kids taking a hayride in the country on Halloween. They pay the local farmer to take them to a secluded area of the forest. The kids arrive and begin drinking, telling the farmer to come back after dark to pick them up. As the party wears on the group separates to find their own little love nests. Meanwhile, the farmer has stumbled across a large tree stump which he proceeds to remove with the help of his tractor. Under the stump is a large wooden box with an ancient seal telling not to break open the box. The farmer breaks the seal and opens the box. Inside is the Bill Heinzman "Flesheater" who precedes to eat the farmer making him a zombie in the process. Both zombies head towards where the kids are. Two of the kids who retreated to the barn for some alone time are killed by the flesheaters. As the flesh-eater is killing the kids, two of their friends walk in and see what\'s happening then they run outside to warn the group at the party. Inside the barn the kids who were attacked become zombies and head out of the barn for fresh victims back near the party and one of the girls is attacked in the woods by the zombies. It tears a chunk of shoulder away but the girl is saved by her boyfriend who hears her screams and tackles the flesh-eater. The remaining kids retreat to the old "Spencers Farm" a dis-used farmhouse in the woods. They proceed to nail up the windows and doors. They manage to phone the police but the call is cut short when a zombie outside rips the phone line out. Meanwhile, the two kids who escaped from the barn have caught up with the group  so the two kids hide in the basement and lock the door. Upstairs the girl bitten on the shoulder dies and returns as a zombie. Just as she gets up the zombies outside break in and the remaining group are slaughtered, each becoming a zombie and heading into the woods for more victims. A police car then turns up at Spencer\'s farm responding to the cut-short phone call. The police officer is attacked by a group of zombies and left for dead. The kids in the basement open the door and see the body of the policeman. They take his gun and kill his half remaining zombie corpse and escape into the night. Some of the zombies find their way to a residential street where they proceed to eat a local family inside their home turning them into zombies in the process. The two kids find a local stable where they try to warn the owner about the coming attack. He goes inside the house to find that his wife has become a zombie. More zombies appear and the man is cornered and eaten alive and the kids flee again. They find a large barn where a Halloween party is being held. The kids try to warn the group about the undead but they laugh it off as Halloween nonsense. Soon the zombies arrive and slaughter the party-goers. The two kids who survived the basement find a hiding spot inside the framework of the barn. Back in town, the police department are assembling a posse after hearing of the officer who was killed at Spencer\'s farm. As daylight approaches the posse have arrived at the woods. They find zombies emerging from the woods and proceed to kill the creatures. They proceed through the woodland killing zombies as they go. The posse arrive at the barn and find the party-goers are all zombies. The posse kill them as the zombie group come out of the barn. The two kids hiding in the barn hear the gunshots and think they are saved. They exit the barn and are shot on sight by a sniper . The posse throws all the bodies inside the barn and barricade it shut. They set it on fire burning the remaining few zombies inside. The posse thinking they destroyed all the zombies head home. A few days later a police officer is checking out the remains of the barn when he is attacked by the original flesheater, who kills him and begins the outbreak over again.'] ["After a small town nuclear power plant dumps hazardous waste into a forest surrounding the small town, people begin dying in increasingly gruesome ways. People cannot pinpoint the source of the deaths, until the EPA investigates, proving that the forests' roots were mutated due to the waste, beginning to kill and eat people. The plants attempt to break loose, however the EPA arrives again and bulldozes the plants, killing them, leaving the possibility that some more plants may have survived."] ['Television news celebrity April Carson , working for station manager Fred Sandy , turns to the services of private investigator Isaac Beaumonde  to seek her missing sister, a stripper known as Gigi Spot .{{cite news | urlThe Big Screen: Slasher film risks running afoul of C-10 | accessdate26 May 2008 | firstVlessing | publisherReutersHR>{{cite news | titlehttp://www.reuters.com/article/filmNews/idUSN1343783720080514 | publisher2008-07-27 | dateEtan | lastimagination-llc.com>Imagination Worldwide: Smash Cut synopsis'] [' A disturbed wedding video cameraman and his assistant tape over a horror film that the audience has supposedly just rented, breaking the fourth wall and using meta-reference he then shows the audience his gruesome activities as a serial killer. The film raises questions surrounding visceral pleasure, this can be seen in one scene in particular during which the audience cannot see the victims  being murdered, Max Parry then asks the audience "I bet a part of you wanted to see that, and if you didn\'t, why are you still watching?" At the end of the film the audience is left to think that the copy of Last Horror Movie they are watching is the only one, and that they will become part of Max Parry\'s sick lesson.'] ["A group of technicians and scientists are called on to investigate the power shortage at a top-secret mining facility, located in the middle of nowhere. The facility, once a uranium mine, laboratory, and refinery, has been a site for radioactive dumping and top-secret experiments. They are unable to reach anyone at the facility, and when they land, no one is around. Three go to the control room to try and reboot the system, while the other three decide to form a small search party in hopes of finding the missing crew. They find the break room completely ransacked and covered in blood, however they do manage to find a teenage boy named Jesse, in a catatonic state from shock, apparently hiding from something. They take him back to the computer control center and demand answers from Major Tom McQuade, the head of the mission, who evades their questions. When they demand to leave, he refuses and orders them back to work, despite their continuing problems with the communications equipment. The main crew heads down to a lower level to investigate the situation while the pilot, Galloway and computer expert Moses stay in the control center with Jesse. On the lower level, the crew gets more and more suspicious but McQuade continues to act as if he knows nothing. The crew finds a huge tooth which seems to bother him. Then something almost drags a horrified McQuade down a tunnel. The crew goes from puzzled to completely horrified and runs, bent on escape, realizing that McQuade had been up to something after all. In the computer center, Jesse freaks out at the screams coming from the radio from the search party, as he knows what is posing a danger to the crew. Moses hears a strange sound and looks up to see a Velociraptor, which viciously attacks him, brutally beating and ripping him apart. Galloway returns to see the attack and flees, heading for the helicopter, where the rest of the crew decides to follow her, deciding to abandon the mission while they still can save themselves. Galloway starts up the helicopter, and waits anxiously for the rest of the crew to arrive, but she is suddenly attacked from behind by one of the raptors. Galloway frantically attempts to fend off the dinosaur, losing control of the chopper in the process. The helicopter crashes and explodes, leaving no possibility of escape, and leaving the crew virtually hopeless. With nothing left, they decide to go back inside and wait out the situation by taking refuge in the control room. There, they finally learn of the dinosaur's origins from McQuade: a brilliant genetic scientist working for a poultry company goes mad and decides to wipe out all of humanity by using a virus made from prehistoric DNA to impregnate the birds with dinosaurs. She later decides to make the virus for humans. The government narrowly contained the situation, but kept some of the eggs for analysis, storing them in the plant to be hidden. Unfortionately, the eggs hatched and killed off the entire crew, therefore putting the plant in danger of a meltdown. Left with no choice, McQuade organized the mission to prevent the meltdown and save the dinosaurs for research. Using dynamite, the group decides to try and seal off the lower levels to keep anymore dinosaurs from getting in, leaving McQuade and Rawlins behind with Jesse. McQuade chases after them, knocking out Monk, but is beaten after a brief fight. McQuade finally explains that he was trying to stop them from going into the facility's lower levels, because it contains massive amounts of nuclear radiation, waste, and warheads in the lower levels, and it is a nuclear hot spot because the nuclear waste is leaking. Jesse comes up with the idea of crashing the computers to send the site into emergency mode, which should get an evacuation squad to come and rescue them. Once Jesse is able to get the code and the plan is put into place, the group begins making its way back to the surface. They continue using dynamite to hold off any dinosaurs while getting to the elevator. While they are going up, a raptor gets on top of the elevator and manages to pull Rawlins out of it. In a particularly graphic scene, the raptor rips off Rawlins' arm and then splitting open her stomach, pulling her bowels to eat, while the others have to listen to her agonizing process to death. Monk and McQuade get injured so they stay behind with the dynamite, blowing themselves up along with the raptors that are on their tail. Jesse and Jack, now on their own, continue making their way to the surface. They run into a large Tyrannosaurus, but manage to escape in an elevator. Jack, however, has taken a long fall and is injured. Jesse runs outside to find the evacuation team waiting. He tries to get them to go back for Jack, but they refuse, so he runs back in himself. He manages to retrieve Jack and get him outside to the rescue helicopter, just as the T-Rex busts outside and bites the head off one of the rescue crew. Jesse runs back again, getting behind the wheel of a forklift and impaling the creature, managing to push it to the bottom of the elevator shaft. Safe, Jesse joins Jack and the remaining evacuation crew, while he uses a remote detonator to detonate the rest of the dynamite, destroying the facility as the helicopter flies off into the sunrise."] ['A wealthy, over-the-hill actress named Laura Winters  hires pilot Grant Murdoch  to fly her and her assistant Jan Letterman  to Provincetown, but a storm forces them to land on a small island. They soon meet Prof. Peter Bartell  a marine biologist with a German accent who is living in seclusion on the isle. After a series of strange skeletons wash ashore  it turns out the water has become inhabited by some sort of glowing microbe which apparently devours flesh rapaciously. Bartell is a former US Government agent who was sent to Nazi Germany to recover as much of their scientific data as possible. He was chosen for the job for his scientific skills and knowledge of the German language. Using the methods learned there he hopes to cultivate a group of monstrous "flesh eaters" that can devour the skin off a screaming victim in mere seconds. A beatnik named Omar  joins the group after becoming shipwrecked on their shore. Tensions mount after the plane drifts off into the ocean, leaving the castaways and Bartell as potential meals for the ravenous monsters. High-voltage electrification  is utilized in an attempt to slay the monsters. Bartell explains that he has been tracking these creatures and attempting to cultivate them to sell as biological weapons. Soon after it is discovered that the electrical shock instead increases their powers. The high voltage causes the numerous smaller creatures to join into a larger version. By accident, the survivors stumble upon the solution. The creatures devour flesh but not blood, as in each case that remains have been found blood has been present. Bartell surmises that the creatures have a negative reaction to hemoglobin and when directly injected with it the creatures are indeed slain. Following a struggle Bartell is killed just before Murdoch destroys the last of the creatures.'] ['Tarver  is a crew member on board Pandora, a freight transport carrier headed toward Earth with a desperately needed new energy supply, a strange substance called "Thanatos". Pandora{{\'}}s captain, Darian Holoway  was recently promoted after the death of former captain Rubini . Some of the crew are suspicious of the Thanatos. Approaching Earth, the ship diverts to respond to a distress call from the spacecraft Diana. The Diana appears abandoned until the discovery of four nurses from the Diana{{\'}}s medical facility who claim to have survived a pirate attack. The nurses are actually the pirates and they attempt a takeover of the Pandora. During the struggles, the Thanatos container is ruptured and fluid spills onto one of the pirates. She mutates and becomes a "plaguer". One by one, the pirates and the Pandora crew become infected, as the Thanatos becomes strong enough to take control of the ship and head it straight toward Earth.'] ["A group of scientists land on a remote island in the Pacific to search for a previous expedition that disappeared and to continue research about the effects of radiation from the Bikini Atoll nuclear tests on the island's plant and sea life. They learn to their horror that the earlier group of scientists have been eaten by mutated giant crabs that have gained intelligence by absorbing the minds of their victims. Members of the current expedition are systematically attacked and killed by the crabs, which are invulnerable to most weaponry because of the mutation in their cell structure. Finally, they discover the crabs are the cause of the earthquakes and landslides that are destroying the island. As the remaining expedition members struggle to survive on the ever-shrinking island, they must also find a way to stop the crabs before they reproduce and invade the oceans of the world."] ["The plot of the film revolves around a murderer killing fishermen with an over-sized fishhook during a Wisconsin fishing festival. The movie was shot on location in the community of Hayward, Wisconsin; the town's landmark giant fiberglass muskie is prominently featured in the film. The production was originally entitled Muskie Madness, and many of the films crew will still refer to it by that title, however when picked up for distribution Troma insisted the title be changed. Though very much a low-budget production Blood Hook is distinguished from the other slasher flicks of the time by its quirky sense of macabre, tongue-in-cheek humor."] ["Four astronauts in 1960 travel to a planet called Nova that has just entered Earth's solar system. The crew begins studying the planet to see if it's suitable for a possible Earth colony. After first discovering normal Earth animals such as a kinkajou and an alligator, they soon encounter and battle giant insects, an enormous snake, prehistoric mammals, dinosaurs, and - on an island - the titular character, King Dinosaur, a putative Tyrannosaurus Rex. Eventually, the scientists blow up the island with an atomic bomb, killing all of its inhabitants."] ['Nancy Weston , a reporter for The Globe, approaches Abraham Gentry , an obnoxious private investigator, and offers him $25,000 on behalf of The Globe to investigate the brutal murder of stripper Suzie Cream Puff . She sweetens the deal with a $25,000 bonus for solving the case. Of course this comes contingent that The Globe gets the exclusive story. Gentry takes the case and begins the investigation of the murder with Weston in tow. When at the club, Gentry encounters a waitress, Marlene , whose obnoxiousness rivals his. He gets through her to speak to another stripper and gets his first suspect, Joseph Carter. Soon, another stripper, Candy Cane, gets murdered and Gentry expands his suspect list to Grout , an unstable veteran who takes pride in crushing the heads of corpses he found when on the battlefields of Vietnam. He relieves tension by drawing faces on squashes and tomatoes and then crushing them with his bare hands. Gentry also suspects the leader of a radical feminist group that riots in the strip club, carrying banners with catchy phrases like "Lewd is Crude", "Quit with Tit" and "Women Right On!". Pickles, another stripper, is murdered and has her buttocks mutilated with a meat tenderizer hammer before having it salt and peppered. A badge with "Women Right On!" is found at the scene. Meanwhile, Gentry buys Weston many drinks to keep her drunk and out of his way. During one of Weston\'s drunken episodes she admits she\'s attracted to Gentry. Gentry ignores this and concentrates on the case. His investigation takes him to the owner of the strip clubs in town, Mr. Marzdone Mobilie . Gentry then coerces Mobilie into holding an amateur stripper contest with a $1,000 prize, which also works as the beginning of a plan for Gentry\'s trap.'] ['{{Expand section}} Five years after the events of the original film, The Toxic Avenger  is lured to Tokyo, Japan by the evil corporation Apocalypse Inc. So while the Toxic Avenger is fighting crime in Tokyo, Apocalypse Inc. spreads evil in Tromaville and it is up to the famous hideously deformed superhero of superhuman size and strength to stop the abominable Apocalypse Inc. from attacking both Tokyo and Tromaville.'] ["Basket case is about a young man named Duane Bradley  whose Siamese twin brother lives in a basket. At birth, the monstrous twin with a swollen claw-like hand was attached to Duane's side. At an early age, they were surgically separated against their will. Duane's twin deeply resented being cut-off from his normal-looking brother. After the mutilation of Dr. Lifflander in the quiet town of Glens Falls, the brothers go to New York. The hideous twin is carried around in a large basket wherever his brother goes. Neither brother can rest until they avenge their surgical separation by killing the doctors responsible.DVD-Covers: Basket Case"] ["In a small town, the bully Luke and the troublemaker son of the sheriff Rodney are very aggressive with the outcast Frank and his moron brother, Donnie while dating the waitresses Katie and Beth, but Sheriff Greene resolves the situation. On the next day, Luke, Katie and Rodney are having a threesome in Luke's car and Donnie watches them; Luke and Rodney leave the car and beat up on him. However, Frank arrives and defends his brother, defeating the two guys. They drive away leaving Katie who had to run to the woods. Later, Sheriff Greene arrives in the cottage of Frank asking for Katie; but Frank glances at his brother arriving in the house with Katie's body covered with blood. Frank does not allow the sheriff to enter his house and later Donnie explains that Katie dropped in the woods and died. When Beth calls Katie's cell phone, Donnie answers the call and Frank decides to kidnap the girl. Then Luke and Rodney decide to investigate Frank's house and they are murdered by Frank in the beginning of a bloodshed in his real estate."] ["After being accused of crimes he did not commit, a lonely circus clown known onstage as Gurdy  exacts his revenge on those who unjustly condemned him. The act sparks something inside of him which he cannot stop and now, years later, his inner-demons have truly surfaced. Part urban legend, part tabloid sensationalism... he is now an unstoppable murderous juggernaut, fueled only by hate. And worse, when two tabloid reporters  attempt to hunt him down, they find themselves trapped in his warehouse, hunted by him and his conniving daughter , who already has a deceptive plan up her sleeve. It's a gory, horrifying fight for their lives with no telling who will emerge alive."] ['Lester Dwervick  has always been sort of different. The sickly teen is too shy to make friends, and lives in a trailer park. Because of these reasons, his classmates view him as a "white trash outcast". To make matters worse, Lester\'s mother is an alcoholic tramp who often brings home drunken men from the local bars. Lester has nobody to confide in, and often draws and sculpts birds and other animals to keep him hopeful of the future. One day, he is being savagely tormented by a local bully when Sheriff Patterson\'s  daughter Judie  sticks up for him. Thinking he has finally found a friend, Lester begins to feel happy for the first time in years and begins to draw pictures for her. One night, Lester goes to find Judie to ask her if she wants to be his girlfriend. Before he even has a chance to ask her, he sees his worst bully drunkenly kiss her. Judie sees Lester, who is running away in grief. Knowing there\'s nothing left for him anymore, the pressure of it all finally mounts and Lester swirls into a jealous rage and screams at his mother\'s latest boyfriend. He chases Lester into the cornfields outside his home and viciously strangles him, making it look like a suicide, and leaving his corpse near a scarecrow. One year later, several people in the town are murdered. First the drunken boyfriend by decapitation by scythe, next the teacher by impalement, next the bully who kissed Judie by brutally shoving a corn cob through his head. Lester\'s spirit has returned in the form of the scarecrow, where he is agile, fast, and superhuman. Lester\'s out to get revenge on all of those who mistreated him while he was alive. Judie attempts to find a way to reason with Lester, before she becomes his next victim.'] ['A group of friends leave New York City and head upstate to the country to watch a boat being built. Unfortunately, during their stay, they are stalked by a psychotic murderer wearing a ghoulish mask.'] ['Melvin Ferd III  is a stereotypical 98-pound weakling. He works as a janitor at a health club in the fictional Tromaville, New Jersey. There, he is tormented by his customers, particularly Bozo , Slug , Wanda , and Julie , who harass and tease him constantly. The Mayor of Tromaville is Peter Belgoody  who unknown to the citizens of the town is also the leader of a massive Tromaville crime ring, but hides this fact by promoting good will and proposed justice to the town as a cover-up. As days go by Melvin\'s tormentors grow more and more violent, even killing a young boy on a bike by running him over with their car and taking photos of the carnage afterwards. Finally one day, they trick Melvin into wearing a pink tutu and kissing a sheep. He is chased around the health club by other customers and jumps out of a second story window. He lands in a drum of toxic waste which immediately causes severe burns and disfigurement. Despite the burning chemicals even causing him to burst into flames, Melvin survives and stumbles home. Drawing a bath to try and scrub some of the chemical residue from his horribly scarred flesh, Melvin begins his transformation into a hideously deformed creature of superhuman size and strength. Elsewhere, a group of drug dealers led by the criminal Cigar Face  are harassing a police officer by the name of O\'Clancy , trying to buy him off. When he refuses to accept the money, Cigar Face and his gang attack and brutalize him. Then, just as Cigar Face prepare to castrate Officer O\'Clancy with his gun, a large creature  comes out of nowhere and violently kills the criminals Knuckles  and Nipples . Then he then leaves a mop on their faces as a call sign. Cigar Face survives, but has had his testicles smashed by the creature before escaping. O\'Clancy is initially terrified of the creature but soon learns he was only trying to help him as the creature approaches him and politely apologizes for his behavior as he has "never done this sort of thing before". The officer\'s rescuer, dubbed the "Monster Hero", is the now profoundly mutated Melvin. He tries to return home, but his mother  ends up fainting upon the sight of him. Wracked with sorrow, the Monster Hero builds a makeshift home in the junkyard. Mayor Belgoody is shocked at the deaths of some of his goons, but is still confident that the Monster will not come looking for him, hoping that one of his goons will kill him eventually. Elsewhere in Tromaville, a gang of three men consisting of Leroy , Frank , and Rico ([[Michael Russo  are holding up a Mexican fast food restaurant called "The Mexican Place." Leroy kills one of the patrons  and Frank attacks a blind woman named Sarah  after Leroy kills her guide dog. Frank attempts to rape her, but is attacked by the Monster Hero who ends up ripping off Frank\'s right arm. He wreaks bloody vengeance on the three men: Leroy is first covered in whipped cream  before having a milkshake-stirrer rammed into his throat, Rico has his hands and wrists plunged into a deep-fryer, and Frank is stuffed in an oven. The Monster Hero takes Sarah back to her home where they begin to get to know one another and progressively fall in love. The Monster Hero returns to the Health Club, killing a drug dealer  by crushing his face with a weight lifting machine. There, he attacks popular girl Wanda. Afterwards, the Monster is relieving himself in a back alley when a limo pulls up and a pimp tries to push a 12-year-old girl onto him. When he starts to fight back to save the girl, a group of men come out of the limo. He fights them all off and saves the girl. The Monster Hero soon starts building up a friendly reputation in Tromaville by doing all sorts of "superhero" work from saving two younger boys from being run over by Bozo\'s car to even helping the elderly to cross the street. Meanwhile, Mayor Belgoody is becoming more and more aware about what is happening to his goons as not only are they being killed one-by-one by the Monster Hero, but some of them are also turning themselves over to the police for their own safety. He is now worried that their deaths will lead up to him sooner than he expects and wants the Monster Hero to be taken care of. One night, Cigar Face returns  and brings along a new group of Belgoody\'s goons to surround the Monster with guns. Before they fire on him, he jumps up to a fire escape and they end up shooting and killing each other with Cigar Face getting away. The Monster Hero returns to the health club again and attacks Julie. Soon afterwards, he confronts the last of his tormentors Bozo and Slug who have attacked an old woman  and stolen her car when Julie doesn\'t show up. Bozo and Slug try to run him over, but the Monster jumps on top of the car and grabs Slug crushing his neck and throwing him out of the moving car. The Monster Hero then confronts Bozo by grabbing him by the face and terrifies him by revealing himself as Melvin from the accident to a horrified Bozo. After several accidents that occur because of Bozo\'s driving, the Monster tears off the wheel to the car causing Bozo to drive off the side of a cliff. The car crashes and bursts into flames burning Bozo alive, but unaffecting the monster. One day, when the Monster Hero kills a seemingly innocent old midget woman in a dry cleaning store  by throwing her into the store\'s washing machine, the Monster Hero wanders back to his junkyard home revealing his true identity to Sarah and feeling terrified and guilty for what he has become. Sarah however tells Melvin that she still loves him no matter what he looks like and the two decide to move away from the city and take a tent into nearby woods. However, Belgoody finds out about the Monster Hero\'s "mishap" and uses this opportunity to call in the National Guard in hopes of finally killing him. Soon Sarah and the Monster are discovered in the woods and now surrounded by both the National Guard and the townspeople. Mayor Belgoody comes intent on killing him . But thanks to the Monster\'s kind duties to the town, the people of Tromaville including the Monster Hero\'s mother will have none of it. Mayor Belgoody\'s evil ways are exposed after he threatens to kill O\'Clancy for trying to take his gun away from him, and the Monster Hero proceeds to rip out Belgoody\'s organs to see if he has "any guts". The film ends with the townspeople\'s celebration at the Monster\'s acceptance and a reassuring epilogue that wherever evil brews in Tromaville, Melvin the Monster Hero, now dubbed the "Toxic Avenger", will be there to protect the town.'] ['The "Times Square Freak Twins" Duane  and Belial Bradley join Doctor Granny Ruth and her family of "unique individuals" for a road trip through the Deep South. Belial is going to become a proud monster father of an ungodly brood. However, a pair of warped sheriff\'s deputies kidnap Belial\'s babies. Granny Ruth and the family strike back, and Belial single-handedly decimates the local police station.custoManiacs: Basket Case 3 DVD Cover'] ['A reporter is bitten by a werewolf in Hungary and then becomes the press assistant to the president of the United States of America. When the reporter says he is a werewolf, no one believes him, and many think it is the work of maniacs or hippies.'] ['The crew of a plane gets nervous when the cargo it is carrying starts making noises and shifting. When one of the crew opens the crate, the pilot hears screams from the back. Something attacks him, causing the plane to crash near a town called Ruby.Python synopsis from imdb.com The cargo survives the crash and begins attacking Ruby citizens, starting with a lesbian couple camping in the woods. At a swimming hole the next day, John Cooper , his girlfriend Kristin , his best friend Tommy  and Tommy\'s girlfriend Theresa  find a pet Ball python belonging to one of the dead women, Lisa. Deputy Greg shows up, mentioning that Lisa is missing and takes the snake. Lisa\'s body is found, appearing to have been corroded by acids. Greg suspects John since he works at a plant that employs acids. Complicating things, Greg is also Kristin\'s ex-fiancée; she having left him when her first love came back to town. Scientist Anton Rudolph  is talking with NSA Special Agent Parker , explaining that the cargo is an abnormally large reticulated python that has been genetically engineered in Southeast Asia, blending several species. In the words of Dr. Rudolph, it is, "a perfect killing machine, a 129 foot long all-terrain vehicle capable of speeds exceeding fifty miles an hour, with skin that can deflect an anti-tank round, enhanced night vision, and a voracious appetite for human flesh". The NSA team plans an assault against the snake, hoping to kill it discreetly before it eats more people. The snake kills a real estate agent and beheads the agent\'s client. It leaves behind the client and the body of the other lesbian, Roberta Keeler. John enters as the snake leaves, furthering suspicion against him. The Sheriff shuts down his brother Brian\'s plant, furthering the tensions between him and Brian. As John leaves the plant he runs into Greg\'s car and his bike is damaged. They end up in a fist fight, mostly over Kristin, though they ultimately reconcile. When the body of the real estate agent is found with the same acid damage, the Sheriff orders John arrested. Kristin yells at Greg when they come to arrest John, but he says that he does not think John is the killer. The NSA team and Rudolph arrive, telling the Sheriff a story about a psychotic rogue operative imprisoned in a military psychiatric unit who escaped and is committing the murders. He does not believe them, but goes back to the office and frees John. He, Kristin, Tommy, and Theresa plan to go on a trip the next morning. The NSA set up base at a water treatment center. They use radar to find where the snake is likely to be, then have the police set up a perimeter to keep people out of the zone. Believing the snake to be sleeping, the team wastes most of its ammo on the snake\'s shed skin. Agent Parker realizes the snake set them up using its skin as a decoy. The snake arrives and kills the team; only Rudolph escapes. Theresa\'s morning shower is interrupted by the snake. Though she is able to escape, the snake kills Tommy. Theresa drives away but the snake follows. It gets in front of her and rips the rear axle off, disabling the truck. She gets away again and hides in a crevice. When Tommy and Theresa do not arrive to pick them up, John and Kristin go looking for them, finding the wrecked truck. Theresa tries to warn them as the snake comes to attack, but they cannot hear her. John and Kristin escape using Tommy and Theresa\'s bikes from the truck. They make it to the water treatment center, where Theresa later joins them, and find Rudolph in shock. The group realizes that they must do something about the snake or it will get to the town. They call Greg on the radio and fill him in on a plan they have devised. They lure the snake into the water treatment plant by having it chase John through a shaft while they set a bomb near the entrance. Kristin drops a line down another shaft for John to escape. The other two escape through the regular door, where Greg is waiting to drive them to the other shaft. They pull John out and the python is unable to climb up the shaft. Trapped in the tunnel, the python returns to the doorway entrance. The group returns to the entrance to trigger the bomb, but it does not detonate. Rudolph says the snake must have torn out the antenna when it crashed into the bunker, so he leaves his pet snake with Kristin and runs in to reset it. The python eats him as soon as he completes his task. The charges go off and the other four are celebrating their success when the Python emerges unscathed. They flee in Greg\'s police car, and come up with a new plan to penetrate the snake\'s hide by luring the snake into a vat of acid at John\'s plating plant. Once there, John again acts as the bait while Kristin uses a winch to push the snake\'s body into one of the vats. The acid kills the python. Six months later, Greg has been accepted into Quantico to be an FBI agent, the plant has been reopened as a bar/bike shop where the snake is used as a sales tool, and John finds out that he and Kristin are soon to be parents.'] ['A babysitting uncle tells his charges three horror stories—about a killer witch, Little Red Riding Hood and a werewolf, and a story about "Goldi Lox" and the three bears.'] ['Thirty years ago, Robert Hyde, an outcast college student, was killed in a fraternity prank by the five members of the Delta boys. Since then, his tortured spirit has been haunting the campus, waiting for the perfect opportunity for revenge. A generation has passed and the sons of his five murderers are the new big men on campus - and Robert has the perfect plan to kill every one of them. He’s taking over the body of Becky Jekyll, a misfit campus loser. She changes from ugly duckling to sorority swan, assuring her entry into the in-crowd’s inner circle.  Becky doesn’t understand what’s happening to her, but she loves her newfound popularity. She fears she’s going insane when her special powers start causing tragic accidents and the Delta boys begin dropping one by one. Her sudden social status and its powerful effects have left her full of questions. Can she prevent a student body massacre beyond her control? How will she protect the Delta boy she secretly loves? What should she do to stop the biggest party of the year from turning into the ultimate Killer Bash?'] ["A priest practicing the Voodoo arts resurrects Matt Cordell  who takes his badge and comes back from the dead to do his bidding. Meanwhile a pair of cameramen who are hoping to make it big come across a convenience store robbery where a police officer named Katie Sullivan  intervenes in a hostage situation where she manages to wound the suspect, but she realizes that the clerk is his girlfriend and she had let him in purposefully to rob the store. There is a cross fire and while Kate is severely wounded and she ends up killing the clerk in return. When rushed to the hospital, she is rendered comatose and brain dead, much to the chagrin of investigating officer Sean McKinney  who had caught the report of Katie using excessive force in a hostage situation seeming to make the clerk an innocent victim and in response threatening to free the badly injured Frank Jessup. Meanwhile, stalking Katie's progress, Cordell goes to the hospital to watch her. He kills one of her supervising physicians with defibrillator paddles and the physician set to sign the warrant to cut Kate's life support by exposing him to high amounts of X-Ray radiation. The reporters who had framed Kate are then murdered as well. While McKinney and a physician Susan  are investigating the murders and the strange behavior experienced by the comatose Kate. Their investigations lead them to Houngan  who admits that he had brought Cordell back from the dead and he is interested in Kate who is on the verge of death. At gunpoint, Cordell forces Houngan to attempt the resurrection on her, but he is unable to do so, stating her spirit is refusing to return from the dead to be with him. Cordell kills Houngan and both he and Kate are set on fire in the process and she is immolated. As they escape, Susan and McKinney are chased by Cordell who survived the fire while remaining ablaze, he chases them in a beat up police car while they ride in an ambulance. They manage to throw an oxygen tank into the burning car before both crash, before Cordell can back up on the other disabled vehicle, the canister goes off, blowing the car and Cordell to ash."] ["The film begins when an earthquake hits Mexico, resulting in the overnight birth of a new volcano. Sent to study this phenomenon are geologists Dr. Hank Scott and his partner Dr. Arturo Ramos. En route to the village of San Lorenzo, the two men happen upon a destroyed house and an equally totaled police car. Shortly afterward, they find the dead policeman nearby, as well as an abandoned infant. They take the baby to San Lorenzo and give it to some friends of its  parents, and are welcomed by the village's priest, Father Delgado. In addition to the disappearances of locals and the destruction of their homes, there have been wholesale slaughters of livestock and strange roars in the night. The villagers believe the culprit to be a demon bull, and have been pestering Delgado for divine assistance. Undaunted, Hank and Arturo begin their geological survey as members of the Mexican army, led by Major Cosio, arrive in San Lorenzo to begin disaster relief efforts. Hank meets and falls in love with local rancher Teresa Alvarez and makes friends with a young boy named Juanito. The volcano erupts again and the true culprits behind the disappearances and deaths are revealed as giant prehistoric scorpions. After attacking a trio of telephone repairmen, the scorpions turn their attention to San Lorenzo itself, with the guns of Major Cosio's troops having no effect on them. Come morning, the scorpions have returned to their underground lair , leaving the authorities to seek the help of renowned entomologist Dr. Velasco. It is up to him, Hank, and Arturo to figure out a way to either destroy the scorpions or seal off the entrance to their cavern home, before more innocent lives are lost. Despite collapsing the cave entrance, the giant scorpions make it to the surface and destroy a train, killing countless passengers before fighting amongst themselves. In the end, one scorpion, the largest of the group and presumably the alpha scorpion, kills all of the smaller ones, making it the last scorpion alive, and it heads for Mexico City. Hank and Arturo come up with a plan to lure it to a stadium where the military is waiting with tanks and helicopters. Using a truckload of meat from a butcher shop, they manage to get the scorpion into the stadium where the military's weapons are again proved useless against its armor. However, Hank manages to finish it off by using an electric cable attached to a spear ans shooting it at its throat, which is its weakness. After destroying several tanks and choppers, the scorpion is electrocuted."] ['Julie Blair  is an American vacationing at a sea-side village in Mexico. She hears stories about a man-eating creature dwelling in the cove. She meets Dr. Baldwin , a marine biologist, and they fall for one another. The mysterious death of a diver interests Julie in investigating, but Baldwin is very skeptical. She sees a giant amoeba rising from the ocean.'] ['The protagonist, space archaeologist Simon Watterman, discovers a fossilized "Munchie" in a cave in Peru. Bringing the specimen back to the United States, Watterman\'s son and girlfriend accidentally reanimate it and name it Arnold. Cecil Watterman, Simon\'s evil twin brother and snack food entrepreneur, kidnaps Arnold while Cindy and Paul are making out. When Arnold is hurt by his kidnappers, it becomes aggressive and attacks Cecil\'s adopted son. Attempting to kill Arnold, they chop him into quarters, but instead of dying, Arnold multiplies into four new munchies. The quartet of creatures develop a love of women, beer, attacking people, and junk food in the process.'] ["Howard  is the meanest nastiest thug in town, a Harley riding criminal with a hot wife Loretta . Loretta's problem is she's having an affair with Lance , owner of the town diner and Howard’s getting suspicious. Driving back from one of their nightly flings, Lance witnesses the local family of weirdos, the Stackpools, dragging a man from his truck and into their house. Seeing this as an opportunity, Lance discovers the Stackpools terrible secret. They are quintuplets but instead of being born as a normal human, they each have one of the traits of one human being. One is super strong, one has super senses, and one is super attractive . The whole family is run by the one with super intelligence, the 'head of the family' from the title, Myron . Little more than a giant head with hands in a wheelchair, Myron psychically controls his other siblings, but seeks more. When idiotic locals fall for his trap, he experiments on their brains, trying to find a normal body to house his superior intellect. Lance blackmails the Stackpools with their secret, getting them to kill Howard and demanding $2,000 a week in cash.  Eventually Myron tires of Lance's bottom feeding, and captures him and Loretta, to get them to destroy the evidence of their secret. To force Lance's hand, he puts Loretta in a mock play of Joan of Arc in the basement, complete with a burning at the stake. The dumb strong one, seeing the 'pretty girl' in trouble, carries her off before she can be hurt, and burns the house down. With the Stackpools and Lance dead, the ever scheming Loretta realizes that the big dumb one is the heir to the family riches. She marries him inheriting all the Stackpool fortunes, but the ending suggests that Myron is still alive and is controlling the dumb one again...."] ["As part of a project are sent to a place called Littletown to investigate and research a supposedly deceased German  expatriate rocket scientist, named Frederick Bartholomew who it seems was supposedly responsible for the V-2 rocket before embarking on a murderous rampage slaying all who he worked with in his final days spent here in America. In Honor of this achievement our project student group have got to make replicas of the rockets whilst at that location. A trio of this select members wind up stumbling across a pair of demented brothers, one, Mabuser is an unlicensed doctor, who's become mentally unhinged due to being convince destructive parasites have infested his brain, while his stuttering teenage brother Gary, is a shy and lonely psychopath with a thing for Tarot cards and concealed necrophiliac tendencies. All the while their father prowls the nights' lonely highways, dressed in one of his previous victims...as of all things Richard Nixon ."] ['Six people who survived near-fatal accidents are subsequently menaced by the titular Grim Reaper. Is this for real or is it all in their minds?'] ['One night after hearing the words of Maxwell H. Brock , a poet who performs at The Yellow Door cafe, socially awkward busboy Walter Paisley  returns home to attempt to create a sculpture of the face of the hostess Carla . He stops when he hears the meowing of Frankie, the cat owned by his inquisitive landlady, Mrs. Surchart , who has somehow gotten himself stuck in Walter\'s wall. Walter attempts to get Frankie out using a knife, but accidentally kills the cat when he sticks the knife into his wall. Instead of giving Frankie a proper burial, Walter covers the cat in clay, leaving the knife stuck in it.  The next morning, Walter shows the cat to Carla and his boss Leonard . Leonard dismisses the oddly morbid piece, but Carla is enthusiastic about the work and convinces Leonard to display it in the café. Walter receives praise from the beatnik ([[John Brinkley  and poets in the café and is approached by an adoring fan, Naolia , who gives him a vial of heroin to remember her by. Naively ignorant of its function, he takes it home and is followed by Lou Raby , an undercover cop, who attempts to take him into custody for narcotics possession. In a blind panic, thinking Lou is about to shoot him, Walter hits him with the frying pan he is holding, killing Lou instantly. Meanwhile, Walter\'s boss discovers the secret behind Walter\'s "Dead Cat" piece when he sees fur sticking out of it. The next morning, Walter tells the café-goers that he has a whole new piece, which he calls "Murdered Man." Both Leonard and Carla come with Walter as he unveils his latest work and are simultaneously amazed and appalled. Carla critiques it as "hideous and eloquent" and deserving of a public exhibition. Leonard is aghast at the idea, but realizes the potential for wealth if he plays his cards right. The next night, Walter is treated like a king by almost everyone, except for a blonde model named Alice , who is widely disliked by her peers. Walter later follows her home and confronts her, explaining that he wants her to model. At Walter\'s apartment, Alice strips nude and poses in a chair, where Walter proceeds to strangle her with her scarf. Walter creates a statue of Alice which, once unveiled, so impresses Brock that he throws a party at the Yellow Door in Walter\'s honor. Costumed as a carnival fool, Walter is wined and dined to excess. After the party, Walter later stumbles towards his apartment. Still drunk, he beheads a factory worker with his own buzz-saw to create a bust. When he shows the head to Leonard, his boss realizes that he must stop Walter\'s murderous rampage and promises Walter a show to offload his latest "statues." At the exhibit, Walter proposes to Carla, but she rejects him. Walter is distraught and now offers to sculpt her, and she happily agrees to after the reception. Back at the exhibit, however, she finds part of the clay on one figure has worn away, revealing a human finger. When she tells Walter that there is a body in one of the sculptures, he tells her that he "made them immortal," and that he can make her immortal too. She flees the exhibit, and he chases after her. Meanwhile, the others at the exhibit learn Walter\'s secret as well, and chase after them. Walter and Carla wind up at a lumber yard where Walter, haunted by the voices of Lou and Alice, stops chasing after Carla, and runs home. With discovery and retribution closing in on him, Walter then vows to "hide where they\'ll never find me." The police, Carla, Leonard and Maxwell break down Walter\'s apartment door only to find that Walter has hanged himself. Looking askance at the hanging corpse, Maxwell proclaims that this could be "his greatest work" and that he would probably had named it "Hanged Man."'] ['Three high school teachers, Ed, Doris, and Carl, are driving through rural Southern California on their way to a Dodgers game in Los Angeles. The group’s Chevrolet Belair has some trouble and they are forced to pull off to a gas station/junkyard on the side of the road. After examining the vehicle Ed concludes that the fuel pump will need to be replaced. Doris and Carl search the junkyard looking for the owner, but they cannot find him. In the residence Carl finds a warm meal with a table set for four, but oddly enough nobody is in the house. The three realize this is very peculiar and start to seriously worry about their situation. At this point Charlie Tibbs, a rather large man wielding a Colt .45, and his girlfriend Judy show up. Charlie and Judy have spent the past several days heading west from Arizona, leaving a trail of corpses behind them. Law enforcement is on the hunt for them, but Charlie has managed to stay a step ahead by changing vehicles frequently and then killing the people who offer their help. Charlie demands that Ed finish repairing the car and informs him that he and Judy will be stealing the Belair and taking off when Ed is done. Charlie threatens that if the three don’t cooperate “it’ll be the end of them.” During the next several hours Charlie and his girlfriend torment Ed, Doris, and Carl.'] ['A drug deal gone bad results in biologically engineered marijuana being delivered to the Strip-O-Sauraus, a run-down strip club known for giant dinosaur statues in its parking lot. Club owner Ralph Vivino  is worried over its appearance, because if anything goes wrong at the club on his watch, his rival will take his job. Cockroaches fed on the tainted pot and mutate to become bloodthirsty, giving Ralph and the club’s dancers, Crystal , Teresa , and Trix  immediate problems as the bugs infest the club, sucking blood and causing mayhem. Ralph calls an ineffectual exterminator, "Buzz" O\'Reilly , who then enlists the help of Crystal who has received a nasty bug bite. Buzz\'s strongest chemicals cannot stop the carnivorous insects and the entire club falls under attack. A DEA agent arrives to destroy both the shipment and the mutated bugs, but unwittingly helps the bugs mutate further.'] ["The film begins with the Egyptian Andoheb  traveling to the Hill of the Seven Jackals in answer to the royal summons of the High Priest of Karnak . The dying priest of the sect explains the story of Kharis  to his follower. The tale closely parallels that of the original film, except that Kharis steals the sacred tana leaves in the hope of restoring life to the dead Princess Ananka. His penalty upon being discovered is to be buried alive, without a tongue, and the tana leaves are buried with him. The leaves are the secret to Kharis' continued existence. During the cycle of the full moon, the fluid from the brew of three tana leaves is to be administered to the creature to keep him alive. Should despoilers enter the tomb of the Princess, a fluid of nine leaves will restore movement to the monster. Meanwhile, down on his luck archaeologist Steve Banning  and his sidekick, Babe Jenson , discover the remnants of a broken vase in a Cairo bazaar. Banning is convinced it is an authentic ancient Egyptian relic, and his interpretation of the hieroglyphics on the piece lead him to believe it contains clues to the location of the Princess Ananka's tomb. With the support of the eminent Dr. Petrie  of the Cairo Museum, but against the wishes of Andoheb, who is also employed by the museum, Banning seeks funds for his expedition. Banning and Jenson meet an American magician, Solvani , who agrees to fund their quest. His daughter Marta  is not so easily swayed, thanks to a prior visit from Andoheb, who brands the two young archeologists as frauds. The expedition departs in search of the Hill of the Seven Jackals, with the Solvani's tagging along. In their explorations, they stumble upon the tomb of Kharis, finding the mummy along with the tana leaves, but find nothing to indicate the existence of Ananka's tomb. Andoheb appears to Dr. Petrie in the mummy's cave and has the surprised scientist feel the creature's pulse. After administering the tana brew from nine leaves, the monster quickly dispatches Petrie and escapes with Andoheb, through a secret passageway, to the temple on the other side of the mountain. The creature continues his periodic marauding about the camp, killing a native overseer and eventually attacking Solvani and kidnapping Marta. Banning and Jenson set out to track Kharis down, with Jenson going around the mountain and Banning attempting to follow the secret passage they have discovered inside the tomb. Andoheb has plans of his own. Enthralled by Marta's beauty, he plans to inject himself and his captive with tana fluid, making them both immortal. Jenson arrives in the nick of time, and guns down Andoheb outside of the temple, while Banning attempts to rescue the girl. However, Kharis appears on the scene and Banning's bullets have no effect on the immortal being. Marta overheard Adoheb tell the secret of the tana fluid and tells Banning and Jenson that Kharis must not be allowed to drink any more of the serum. When the creature raises the tana serum to his lips, Jenson shoots the container from his grasp. Dropping to the floor, Kharis attempts to ingest the spilled life-giving liquid. Banning seizes the opportunity to overturn a brazier onto the monster, engulfing it in flames. The ending has the members of the expedition heading happily back to the United States with the mummy of Ananka, and the spoils of her tomb."] ["Weeks before a high school graduation, members of the track team  are being mysteriously and gruesomely murdered, one by one. When the team's star runner, Laura Ramstead, falls dead from a heart attack at the championship meet, her U.S. Navy ensign sister Anne comes to town and a series of grisly murders begin."] ['The film begins with a man running for his life through the forest, obviously in a panic he hides behind a tree, trying to spot what was following him. As he looks around, something comes up from behind him, throwing him up into the air and back down again. The man screams as something begins eating him, and as the man dies, the camera turns to a pair of dog tags that are slowly overtaken by a small river of blood. John Hickman  and his girlfriend Brooks  are a pair of San Francisco residents who invite their friends, self-proclaimed tough guy and wannabe soldier Ben , his close friend Wayne ([[Rajiv Shah , as well as chef Quincy  and his dog Wolfgang, to a weekend of hunting, drinking and fun and camping near John\'s uncle\'s cabin, in a remote mountain area. Ben and Wayne can\'t stand Brooks, and the feeling is mutual-they spend much of the trip getting on each others\' nerves. Enroute, they stop at a gas station/general store for directions and encounter a van of hippie women and their cult leader, the Hippie Stranger,  who live in a commune in the woods, presumably raising emus for meat. From the store owner, they learn about a local legend called "The Ripper," a legendary killer hog which supposedly weighs several thousand pounds. After obtaining some supplies and directions, they make their way to the cabin and camp outside. The next morning, they encounter cocaine addicted hillbilly brothers Jake  and Ricky Tibbs,  cousins of John\'s, who are interested in joining them on a wild hog hunt. An old feud still exists between John and Ricky, who is a Gulf War veteran, showing signs of drug addiction and mental illness. His brother Jake appears to be the only person maintaining control and keeping Ricky from flying off the handle. Quincy, who is eager to get to know them, is obviously inexperienced in any sort of outdoor activities, and Ricky accuses Wolfgang of being a \'pet\' not a \'dog\' seeming equally oblivious to hunting as well. When Jake Tibbs sets up some targets to see how well the others can shoot, boastful Ben makes a fool of himself, not being able to hit the target even once, while Wayne hits it not more than a couple of times. Brooks outshoots both men, to their surprise and chagrin-she impresses Tibbs by hitting the target with every shot. As the group makes their trip through the woods, they encounter an area called the Big Wallow, and, using a piglet call as a lure, they manage to attract several pigs to their location. One of them rams into Wayne\'s leg at full charge giving him a compound fracture at thekneecap and incapacitating him. Wolfgang goes charging after the boars while Brooks shows off her marksmanship talents and kills one of them. Ricky calls Jake to come look at something disturbing he\'s observed while skinning and dressing the hog they killed. Though adult-sized, it has no protective armor over its shoulders-it is not a full grown animal as they had thought, but a piglet-a very, very big piglet. Just as everyone is beginning to wonder about the truth of the Ripper legend, Quincy reappears, very excited. While looking for his dog Wolfgang, he had encountered a large crop of marijuana plants and now leads the others to it, leaving Brooks with Wayne. A conflict emerges when John objects to Jake and Ricky taking the plants for profit, as they are growing on his property and he wants no part of it. There is also a strange and disturbing sign posted near the plants, which leads John to think that the hippies that he thought were raising emus are actually growing pot instead. During the ensuing argument, Ricky snaps, and holds John at bay with a crossbow. John and Jake Tibbs are trying to gain control of the situation, when Ben arrives on the scene,thinks Ricky is about to kill John, and shoots him. Jake flees to tell his clan, and the others return to Wayne and Brooks. Quincy and Ben start making their way back to the cabin while Brooks and John leave Wayne to find something to make a stretcher with so they can carry him out of there and get back to the cabin and their vehicle. Shortly after their departure, Wayne is attacked by something we don\'t see, and manages to fire off a single round. Brooks and John circle back and find him missing, as well as Ricky\'s body. Meanwhile, Ben and Quincy make their way back to the cabin. They find Wolfgang\'s mutilated body, and determine he was killed by the Tibbs clan. Ricky and Jake\'s clan make their appearance, Ben manages to kill his pursuer and escape, but Quincy is knocked out of the vehicle he was attempting to escape in, and is executed by a single gunshot to the back of the head. Meanwhile, John and Brooks run into the mysterious Hippie Stranger as they hide in the forest; he is carrying a cattle prod, and tells them that he is looking for an escaped animal, and that they can contact the police from his commune. He helps them beat off an attack by the murderous Tibbs clan, and several hillbillies are killed. In the meantime, Ben has found the commune, where he is given drugs by several beautiful hippie women, and led into an enormous, muddy pen. He encounters a dying Wayne, who says that something has been eating him. Ben turns in shock as something approaches him from behind, and screams. The remaining Tibbs clan members have reached the woods around the commune;they are stalked and killed, one by one, by the murderous hippie women-all except one man, who is seized by something else-something we don\'t see. Brooks and John arrive at the commune with the Hippie Stranger. When John questions why Ben\'s equipment is there, but not Ben himself, they force him into a cell while the leader takes Brooks out into the pen. At last, we are shown what has been attacking people throughout the movie-it is the legendary Ripper, who is carrying the remains of one of the redneck clan in his mouth. Meanwhile, Jake makes his way into the commune, and is confronted by some of the women. He shoots a couple of them, and forces one of the women to let him into John\'s cell. As Jake sees the Ripper out in the pen and freezes in shock, the hippie woman he brought with him attacks, stabbing him in the eye with her boar\'s tooth necklace before John kills her. Jake dies from his wounds while the Hippie Stranger prepares to sacrifice Brooks to the boar, whom he and his followers have for some bizarre reason been worshiping-and feeding unwary people to. Brooks gets a hold of the Stranger\'s cattle prod and pokes him with it, causing him to cry out, attracting the Ripper\'s attention. The creature eviscerates him, and Brooks remains as quiet as possible as John forces his way from the cell. Using a crossbow, he fires an arrow up under the boar\'s jaw, killing it. As Brooks and John make their escape, they come face to face with a young, wild member of the Tibbs clan. Fadeout to a black screen with a quote from Orwell\'s "Animal Farm."'] ['Peter Blood  is a young doctor who experiments with bringing the dead back to life. His early subject is the deceased husband of Linda Parker , a woman he is attracted to. Hidden in a Cornish tin mine, he conducts his ghastly experiments using curare to remove living, beating hearts from undeserving people in order to bring the deserving dead back to life.{{cite book}}'] ['The website "horrorvision.com" has a mysterious secret... anyone who logs onto it winds up dead. After Dez, a web programmer, logs in his girlfriend and others are attacked. Only Dez and a mysterious man named Bradbury can stop the ominous forces intent on ruling the cyber-world.'] ['Joan Mitchell  is the 39-year-old wife of a businessman, Jack Mitchell . They live in suburban Pittsburgh with their 19-year-old daughter Nikki , a student. Joan is unhappy and bored with her housewife role. Jack is busy, embarking on long business trips every week. Joan has been seeing a psychotherapist because of her recurring dreams about her husband controlling her. Joan and her friends learn about a new woman in the neighborhood named Marion Hamilton  who practices witchcraft. Prompted by curiosity, Joan and one of her friends, Shirley , drive over to Marion\'s house one night for a Tarot reading. Marion is the leader of a secret witches\' coven. Joan and Shirley drive home to Joan\'s house, where they meet Gregg , a student teacher at Nikki\'s college . The four drink and talk. Gregg shows an interest in Joan, who rebuffs him. Joan throws Gregg out of her house after he cruelly tricks Shirley into believing that she has smoked pot. After taking Shirley home, Joan returns home to hear Nikki and Gregg having sex. Turned on, she quietly goes to her bedroom and begins touching herself until Nikki walks in on her. The next day, a furious Nikki leaves without telling anybody where she is going, and soon afterward Jack leaves for a one week business trip, with Joan feeling more lonely than ever. Joan buys a book about witchcraft. She conjures a spell to make Gregg attracted to her, and soon they are engaged in an affair. She also has increasingly terrifying nightmares, in which she is attacked by an intruder wearing a Satanic mask. Believing that she is a witch, Joan\'s grip on reality blurs, leading to tragedy. The police tell Joan they have found Nikki in Buffalo, New York and that she will be coming home in three or four days. After one last sexual encounter with Gregg, Joan tells him she does not want to see him again. After another terrifying nightmare involving the masked intruder, Joan accidentally shoots and kills her husband, who has unexpectedly returned home early from his trip. Joan joins Marion\'s coven. Cleared of her husband\'s death which was ruled an accident, Joan resumes attending parties with her friends, where she quietly introduces herself as a witch. But Joan still remains lonely when people around her still refer to as "Mrs. Mitchell", or simply "Jack\'s wife".'] ['Ten years after officer Dwayne Hooper’s son disappeared, the last of 14 victims in a string of local unsolved disappearances, his suspicions are aroused by prison inmate Ronald Perkins . Dwayne searches Perkins’ house and discovers a collection of torture videos featuring the missing victims from the past. In a fit of rage, Dwayne kills Perkins. But things get complicated when a wave of carnage sweeps the town, with reports of Dwayne’s own son amongst the marauding psychopaths.'] ["After inheriting his father's estate in the bayous of Louisiana, Corey Thorton's life is about to change forever. Through instructions left for him, Corey learns of his father's bizarre plan and wish to be resurrected from the grave. With the help of a local prostitute and voodoo temptress, Delores, Corey learns the ways of Black Magic. Now, haunted by his father and experiencing bizarre illusions, Corey is about to enter the world beyond his own imagination..the Netherworld."] ["The film takes place after the original film, where McCreedy has been locked in a psychiatric hospital after blowing up the film studio because of the Hobgoblins, which occurred at the end the first film. Kevin and his friends are now in college, and their Professor introduces them to McCreedy, who warns them that it is still possible to be attacked by Hobgoblins. Despite McCreedy's warning, Kevin and his friends re-encounter the Hobgoblins and must fight against them to save their lives."] ["A couple are found wandering nearly dead in a desert. Recovering, they tell their story. The movie flashes back a year. A mad scientist, Dr. Aranya , has created giant spiders in his Mexican lab in Zarpa Mesa to create a race of superwomen by injecting spiders with human pituitary growth hormones. Women develop miraculous regenerative powers, but men mutate into disfigured dwarves. Spiders grow to human size and intelligence. Aranya invites another scientist, Dr. Masterson, to join him. Masterson visits Zarpa but is horrified. Aranya has him injected with a drug, turning him into a doddering simpleton. Masterson escapes, and visits a cantina. A rich man  and his young American fiancee also visit the cantina while their private plane is repaired. Masterson joins them and fawns over Doreen. Tarantella,  one of Aranya's best spider women, does a strange and sensual dance for Masterson. He shoots Tarantella . Masterson hijacks Van Croft's group, forcing them to fly in the un-repaired plane. They crash land onto Zarpa Mesa. Soon the small group begins to be killed off one by one by giant spiders. Grant , Doreen and Masterson are captured by Dr. Aranya. Masterson recovers from his drug-induced imbecility, sacrifices himself to let the others escape, blowing up the lab. Grant and Doreen wanders into the desert until picked up by the oil surveyor from the movie's opening scenes."] ["It's been five years since Terry  and his friend, Glen, accidentally opened up the Gate in Glen's back yard, and those five years have certainly not been an easy time for him. Glen's family has moved away, and Terrence's broken family has gotten even worse. Still grieving over his mom's death, and with his dad wallowing in alcoholism, he finds himself increasingly drawn to the evil portal and the incredible power it possesses. His mind made up, he breaks into Glen's old house and begins the dark ritual to summon the demons and grant him the power to get his father's life back on track. He is interrupted, however, by three other teens who also happened to break into the house. While John and Moe are content to ridicule Terrence, John's girlfriend, Liz proves herself to be extremely interested in demonology, and convinces her two friends to join Terrence in completing the ritual. Back on track, Terrence proves he knows what he's doing and successfully brings a Minion  through the Gate. In a panic, John pulls out his revolver and shoots it, then storms off with his friends in tow. Alone, Terrence finds the Minion's body and takes it home. It survives, so Terrance opts to keep it in a cage as a pet. The next day, Terrence is shocked to find that his wish has seemingly come true. His father, once a proud airline pilot, has given up the bottle and netted a job flying for a major carrier. In fact, when Liz comes over later, they discover they can use the Minion to grant any wish they want...but with dire consequences."] ["The film revolves around two film students who visit a spooky old town in order to film a documentary about it. However, things in the town are not what they seem and before they know it, they're the next target of a mysterious hooded serial killer. The film is cross promoted in in the background of a scene in Troma's Tromeo and Juliet."] ['In the Greek countryside, archaeologist Dr. Pete Asilov and Professor Andre attempt to detonate dynamite in an abandoned mountain cave, uncovering petrified eggs in the blasts. Taking one they fail to notice another had rolled off and hatched, releasing a reptilian creature that vanishes. Andre lives in a nearby villa with his orphaned niece Maria and their superstitious Greek housekeeper Calliope who warns Andre of the dangers of monsters and angry spirits in the mountain, which he ignores. Later, as Prof. Andre investigates his half of an ancient map that tells him there is over a million dollars worth of gold hidden in the cave, his business partner Dorman arrives with his associates Stravos, Andre his driver and his girlfriend Sofia carrying the other half of the map which tells them where to dig for the treasure. Further ominous clues, such as the decaying body of an ancient neanderthal woman, further enforce Calliope\'s warnings, but the men are determined to find the treasure. They discover the bones of a man who was likely buried to keep from divulging the secret of the treasure. As Stravos investigates the mummified corpse while alone, he is killed when the creature stalks up unseen and slashes him to death with its claws. Shaken by its horrific scream, the men resolve to return to the cave for the treasure, blaming Stravos\' death on would-be thieves from the nearby village. They are proven wrong and are chased back to the villa and in the process Dorman is injured. Terrified of what might be hunting them, they forget the treasure and work up a plan to escape. While fetching water for coffee, Calliope is killed by the creature and the humans barricade themselves in the villa Professor Andre, determined to see his niece safe, entrusts her with Pete who shares an affection with her and sneaks back to the cave in order to seal it. He is attacked, but not before he detonates the dynamite and blows the cave entrance shut. The next morning, believing themselves safe, the remainder of the group boards Andre\'s car he dubbed "Diana" and try to leave, but the engine floods. As they try to start it, the creature returns, forcing them back into the house. They are attacked by the creature who had snuck into the villa and are barely able to trick it outside, Andre notices a trail of clawprints leading from the kitchen and using flour to help track the creature, they injure it with hatchets and it flees. They return to Diana and are able to start her, however, the creature reveals itself to be on top of the car which forces them to pull over. Dorman ignites the fuel reserves in the back of the jeep, destroying himself and the creature in a massive ball of fire. The creature dead and the four remaining survivors safe, they start their journey back to town on foot.'] ['The movie changed much of the source material. Ted Sallis was attempting to recreate the Super-Soldier Serum that created Captain America. However, he was betrayed by his lover, Ellen Brandt, and Sallis had to flee from A.I.M. agents, who saw their potential of such a formula for their own evil ends. He injects himself with the serum, but after crashing in a swamp and apparently drowning, is transformed into a swamp creature through a combination of his formula and, as later explained, magical forces extant in the area. Sallis\' mind was apparently lost, although on rare occasions he could briefly return to consciousness within his monstrous form, and even to his human form such as when he fought Ben Grimm, who took the appropriation of his own nickname a little too personally. Among these are moving the setting from the Florida Everglades to Louisiana , and changing the creature\'s powers from burning those who "know fear" to being able to manipulate the swamp\'s vegetation. The movie character is also represented in a significantly more antagonistic light than the comic-book version. Man-Thing\'s former identity remained Ted Sallis, though in the film he is portrayed as a Native American shaman instead of a scientist. Consequently, the Man-Thing\'s origin is somewhat different, though the Nexus of All Realities is still involved. Additionally, in a tip-of-the-hat to the original comics series, major characters are named after Man-Thing authors Mike Ploog, Steve Gerber and Val Mayerik.'] ["An American man travels to a small town in Chiapas, Mexico called San Cristobal de las Casas, to help his mother when he knows that his stepsister has been abducted. Everything indicates that it is a wave of kidnappings attributed to the legendary J-ok'el . This woman had drowned her children a long time ago and her spirit has returned to take other children and thus forget her own suffering.{{cite journal}}"] ["In a Waco, Texas diner called Cadillac Jack's, crazed killer Millard Findlemeyer  opens fire on the Leigh family, killing Jeremy  and James , but leaving Sarah  and her mother, Betty , alive. Findlemeyer is arrested and sentenced to die in the electric chair, due in part to Sarah's testimony. After the execution, Findlemeyer is cremated and his ashes are sent to his mother , a witch who mixes the ashes with a gingerbread spice mix. Some time later, The Bakery, a pastry shop run by the surviving Leighs, is in dire straits and Betty has been reduced to a shotgun-toting alcoholic who shoots down the banner of the new restaurant opening across the street; Sarah sends her home with Bakery employee Julia . The restaurant owner, Jimmy Dean  arrives to complain about the banner and attempts to buy Sarah out, so he can knock down The Bakery, which he bemoans as an eyesore. After exchanging hostilities with Lorna , the Dean daughter, Sarah defers the decision. Returning to work, Sarah and Brick Fields ([[Jonathan Chase , another Bakery employee, find a mysterious gingerbread spice mix left at their doorstep by Findlemeyer's mother. They set to using the mix, but Brick cuts himself, allowing his blood to pollute the dough. Sarah permits him to leave early so he can pursue his amateur wrestling career as The Butcher-Baker at Wrestlepalooza. She then makes a large gingerbread man with the contaminated dough and puts it in an industrial oven to bake. Lorna has returned and planted a rat in The Bakery so the health department will shut them down, but is discovered by Sarah. A physical fight ensues, during which Lorna hits a switch that causes a surge of electricity into the oven where the gingerbread man is cooking, animating it. Amos Cadbury , Lorna's boyfriend, who has gotten tired of waiting outside for her, arrives on the scene. Sarah removes the gingerbread man from the oven, at which point the newly-dubbed Gingerdead Man leaps up, taunting them. They attempt to lock the living cookie in the freezer and Sarah tries to call the police, but the line is dead. Lorna calls her dad on Amos’s cell phone before the batteries go dead. Betty comes back to look for her stash of alcohol and Julia comes back looking for Betty. Each is, in turn, assaulted by the Gingerdead Man; Betty loses a finger and is put into the oven, while Julia is knocked out by a frying pan, encased in frosting, decorated, and left in the freezer. Amos returns to his car and retrieves a handgun. Jimmy Dean arrives to pick up Lorna. While he investigates Amos’s car, the Gingerdead Man takes Jimmy's car and, using a rolling pin to operate the accelerator, hits him, pinning him between the car and a wall and killing him. Amos and Sarah discover and rescue Julia from the freezer. Sarah tells Amos that she thinks the killer cookie is Millard. Lorna decides to wait outside for her father, but discovers only his body sprawled over the hood of his car. She steals his ring and heads back inside, where she triggers a tripwire that lodges a knife into her forehead, killing her. Sarah and Amos find Betty and attempt to rescue her from the oven, but the Gingerdead Man locks Sarah in the oven and knocks Amos out with a hammer. Amos recovers, shoots the oven door's lock off, and saves Sarah. Brick returns. The Gingerdead Man gets Amos's pistol and opens fire. Julia and Brick manage to subdue him and Brick eats the cookie's head. Their problem briefly appears to be resolved, but Brick turns out to be possessed by the Gingerdead Man. He is pushed into the oven and baked to death. Several months later, Betty, Sarah, and Amos are having a bake sale to raise money for the hospital, with a little help from two nurses . Two kids ask if they have any gingerbread cookies, and one of the nurses tells them that an older lady  stopped by a few minutes ago and dropped some off. The nurse opens the box, revealing five gingerbread cookies, who open their eyes. One of the gingerbread cookies is bought by a woman, who also buys a box full of pastries and ships them to her sister in L.A., setting up the plot for the sequel."] ['Launa investigates the disappearance of her sister Nikki who never returned from a camping trip in the fictional town of Halcyon Springs. A local, named Mason, helps by leading her to an abandoned prison. Upon entering Launa comes in contact with evil, ancient, supernatural powers.Amazon,com- The 8th PlagueRottenTomatoes.com Reviews'] ['The lone survivor of a shipwreck finds himself the captive of an insane family in a waterfront castle.'] ["In the year 1606, Sawney Bean , a ruthless psychopath, earned a notoriety as the world's most brutal serial killer, predating Jack the Ripper and Bloody Bill by several hundred years. In life, Sawney was a cannibal, who captured his victims and literally butchered them, feasting on their corpses afterwards. His practices are continued in the modern day by his in-bred descendants, who dwell in vast caves on the coast and feed on the flesh of passers-by, as a group of teenagers soon discover whilst exploring the steep cliff-face where Sawney's descendants dwell in search of flesh."] ['When Scott is fired from Local Diner because he assaulted a patron , Scott decides to visit his friend Chuck at the radio station, they decide go to Chuck\'s dad\'s cottage to relax. They meet two girls that are pulled off to the side of the road, but decide not to give them a ride, believing that they have a whole week ahead of them to find other girls. That later that evening, while fishing, Scott has visions of a girl called Anna. The next day while Scott and Chuck are fishing, Scott sees an old castle on an island, Chuck explains is an abandoned laboratory. While in fact, the laboratory is not abandoned, but a home to the scientist who goes by the name of Atman. Under Atman\'s control are a group of women on rollerblades he likes to call "Rollerbabes", led by him main servant he calls "Spike".. which he sends out using radio control device to gather men to eat in order to preserve their beauty . One of the girls: Anna finds herself drawn towards Scott and tries unsuccessfully to escape the island. Scott and Chuck then decide to go rollerblading, but become split up and Chuck is knocked out by two of the rollerbabes and taken back to the castle. Scott is instead targeted by Atman himself, who attempts to attack him with a machete and misses Scott knows he is being surrounded and flees. When he manages to escape, he discovers the town\'s Sheriff dragging partially devoured human flesh from the river, causing him to realise he must rescue Chuck from the castle. When Scott arrives on the island, he meets an elf called Random, who helps him to hide from the Centurions that guard the island. While trying to enter the Castle the Rollerbabes manage to catch him and, once in the castle, Scott finds Chuck is too late to save. He then has to escape by confronting Atman himself.'] ["Milland plays Dr. Maxwell Kirshner, a dying, wealthy racist who demands that his head be transplanted onto a healthy body. As his health rapidly deteriorates, there remains only one alternative: graft Kirshner's head onto the body of a black death row inmate, Jack Moss, played by Grier."] ["The film adheres very closely to Lovecraft's story, but there are a few changes. The sailors aboard the Emma first encounter the Alert abandoned at sea, rather than crewed by Cthulhu cultists and taken over by Emma{{'}}s crew after a violent confrontation as in the original story. Additionally, the film depicts the narrator present at the time of his great-uncle's death, who dies peacefully in his sleep, rather than being summoned upon the mysterious death of his great-uncle, who was presumably killed by Cthulhu cultists in the original short story. The narrator  notes as well that Inspector Legrasse, who had directed the raid on cultists in backwoods Louisiana, had died before the narrator's investigation began. In the original story, the narrator does not seem to end in a lunatic asylum or experience any mysterious nightmares himself."] ['The story focuses on a theatre troupe, led by Alan . He is a mean-spirited director, who travels with the others by boat to a small island for buried criminals to have a night of fun and games. Once on the island Alan tells his group he calls his "children" numerous stories relating to the island\'s history and buried inhabitants. At midnight using a grimoire, Alan begins a séance to raise the dead after digging up the body of a man named Orville Dunworth . Though the original intent of the ritual may have been solely as a joke, Alan appears disappointed that nothing happens. Afterwards the party continues and Alan goes to extremes to degrade the actors, using the corpse of Orville for his own sick jokes. Then, however, animated by the fell ritual, the dead return to life and force the troupe to take refuge in the old house. They must decide whether it is best to stay put until day  all try to escape through the pitch-black cemetery and forest to the boat, or have one person try this and bring back help. Unfortunately for the group, the dead get their revenge, and in the movie\'s closing credits we see the group of corpses boarding Alan\'s boat with the lights of Miami in the background.'] ['"When two researchers discover a colossal shark\'s tooth off the Mexican coast their worst fears surface the most menacing beast to ever rule the waters is still alive and mercilessly feeding on anything that crosses its path." IMDb'] ['It starts with a group of natives dancing around a great fire with a human sacrifice, Then they are attacked by White Pongo, that causes the escape of the human sacrifice and later he tries to catch White Pongo. At the end there is a staff fight between white pongo and a regular gorilla, presumeably default pongo.'] ['In 1942, a 10 year old boy named Timmy plays with a jigsaw puzzle of a nude woman when his mother walks in. She chastises him for it. The mother orders Timmy to get a plastic bag because "I\'m gonna burn everything." Timmy gruesomely murders her with an axe instead of getting the plastic bag. The police later arrive at the house and Timmy is finishing the puzzle. The police break into the house through the front door. Timmy then hides in one of the closets. The police then enter into the bedroom, they find a bloody mess all over the room and also find the mother\'s head inside one of the closets. The police hear Timmy weeping in the another closet, so they open the door and find him covered in blood. The police question the whereabouts of the father; the nanny replies hesitantly and lying obviously that he is in Europe with the Air Force, but the nanny also says that Timmy has an aunt, who lives an hour away and also the nanny says that she will call Timmy\'s aunt and that the nanny will take Timmy there. Forty years later, in 1982, a grown up Timmy is seen, wearing black gloves, opens a drawer. He removes a box and opens it. Inside, he finds his mother\'s shoes, her dress, soaked in blood, and a photo of her, crossed out in red. The next scene cuts to a girl skateboarding through town. While this happens, a van, , stops by, and later, the 2 men, are seen carrying out, what looks like a giant mirror frame, from the back of the van. Of course, the girl on the skateboard, ends up crashing into a giant mirror frame, which shatters to pieces. Back at the killer\'s house, he removes another box, containing pieces of the puzzle of the nude woman, which he starts putting together. Then, the chainsaw-wielding psychopathic killer is on the loose on a college campus in Boston.BD Horror News: DVD Review "Pieces" by David Harley Tormented by childhood memories, the killer tries to create his own jigsaw puzzle made from real human body parts. Along with police lieutenant Bracken  and college student Kendall , Mary Riggs  poses as a tennis instructor in order to try to uncover the identity of the maniac.Motion Picture Purgatory: Pieces Many girls fall victim to the psychotic killer: the first girl is decapitated with a chainsaw while sunbathing; the second is nearly drowned in a swimming pool, only to be pulled out of the pool and sawn in pieces with a chainsaw; the third has one of her arms sawn off by the killer while in an elevator and she dies from massive loss; the fourth is stabbed to death in the chest with a knife, while on a waterbed, and stabbed through the back of her neck; the last girl to be killed becomes trapped in the girls\' locker room, who has her body sawn in half while hiding inside a bathroom stall from the killer, leaving behind her upper body. In the end, it turns out the college Dean is the killer. He tries to kill Mary but Lt. Bracken, Sgt. Holden and Kendall are able to save her by shooting him in the head. The corpse, consisting of body parts from multiple victims, falls out of the Dean\'s cabinet and terrifies Kendall. The film ends with Kendall preparing to leave when the corpse inexplicably comes back to life and rips off his testicles while Kendall screams, implying that the Dean is still alive.'] ['The film opens with a baby dinoshark swimming away from a broken chunk of Arctic glacier that calved due to global warming. Three years later, the dinoshark is a ferocious predatory adult and kills tourists and locals offshore from Puerto Vallarta, Mexico. The protagonist, Trace, is first to notice the Dinoshark and witnesses his friend get eaten, but has trouble convincing people that a creature of such antiquity is still alive and eating people. After its apparently killed by a grenade, it surfaces, but is killed with a spear through the eye, its only weak-spot.'] ['For years, the government has successfully covered up very real proof of U.F.O.s. but when a group of Marines is dispatched to a deserted island, they uncover unsettling evidence: old films documenting brutal medical experiments on aliens. They also uncover a lone surviving alien out for revenge, and a military intelligence plot to sacrifice them and conceal existence of the encounter. The shroud of mystery is about to be lifted.'] ["As a little girl, Beth  brother, Bobby  kills her whole family and attempts to kill her. When he is caught, he is committed, and she grows up with a new family. Years later, Beth goes to college, where she joins a sorority. Due to a memory block, she doesn't remember that the sorority house was her childhood house, however her memory soon starts to return. Meanwhile, Bobby senses her presence in the house and escapes the mental asylum so he can finish the job he was unable to complete. As Beth settles into the sorority, many of the girls leave for the weekend, leaving only her, Linda , Sara  and Tracy  in the house. As the girls enjoy having the house to themselves, Craig , Andy  and John  come over. John tells the story of Beth's family murders, scaring her. She goes to bed and has a nightmare about her brother, becoming more scared. She remembers her brother hiding a knife in the fireplace, and when the group investigate, they find the knife. Realizing the time, Andy leaves in a rush, only to be confronted by Bobby and stabbed to death. Linda hypnotizes Beth, who recalls Bobby attacking her. Afterwards, Tracy and Craig go outside to the tipi they set up earlier, while Linda and Sara go to bed. Bobby attacks Tracy and Craig, shredding the tipi with his knife. As they try to escape, Tracy is stabbed to death. Craig runs into the house and alerts Linda and Sara who try to phone the police but find the lines have been cut. They attempt to warn Beth and John, but both have fallen asleep. As Bobby approaches them, Beth wakes and runs upstairs to the others, but John is murdered. The survivors barricade themselves inside a room, before Craig escapes out the window down a safety ladder. While he holds it steady for Linda to climb down, Bobby stabs Craig to death before climbing up the ladder for Linda. Linda manages to make it back through the window and the others remove the ladder, making Bobby fall. Thinking he is dead, the girls try to escape the house but upon discovering he is still alive barricade themselves back into the room. However, Bobby comes in through the window and they flee outside. They once more encounter Bobby, who manages to repeatedly stab Sara. Meanwhile, Bobby's search party realize he will of gone to his old house and send the police there. Beth and Linda run down into the basement where Beth finally realizes what happened to her when she was younger. When Bobby once more attacks them, the girls run upstairs. Bobby corners Beth but Linda manages to hit him with a shovel. Thinking he is dead, they begin to leave the house, but Bobby stabs Linda before attacking Beth who over powers him and stabs him in the neck. The police arrive Beth is taken to hospital where she continues to have nightmares about her brother."] ['{{expand section}} After getting Apocalypse Inc. out of town, the Toxic Avenger has nothing to do. He tries to get a job but fails, as a normal job is no place for a hideously deformed creature of superhuman size and strength. Until one day, Toxie is told that his blind girlfriend Claire has a chance to see again, but it will cost a great deal of money. When the famous superhero gets the opportunity to work as a spokesman for Apocalypse Inc., he agrees so he can get money for Claire. As he was unaware of the evil nature of his employers, Apocalypse Inc. took over Tromaville and enslaved the populace. After Claire\'s surgery, she opens up Toxie\'s eyes and it is revealed that the Devil himself is the chairman of Apocalypse Inc. Things begin to make a change for the worse as the Toxic Avenger will be transformed back to his original form, the dorky Melvin Junko, and must face a showdown with the Devil. The Toxic Avenger battles the Devil through the "Five Levels of Doom" trial ordeal.'] ["Caleb Kilgore  is a farmer who has been obsessed with a scarecrow that killed his father years ago. Two friends looking to join a fraternity are given the initiation task of stealing the scarecrow from Caleb's field. After his father's murder, Caleb had caught the scarecrow and tied it down so that it could never escape. When Caleb sees the friends, including a guy named Dave , moving the scarecrow, Caleb shoots the scarecrow, not knowing that Dave is beneath the scarecrow. Dave dies, and his soul is transferred into that of the scarecrow...and then the scarecrow kills Caleb. Dave, in the form of the scarecrow, decides that he wants his old girlfriend Mary back. But Mary is dating a college student, so the scarecrow kills the student. Mary decides to get help from some friends who are in an ROTC unit in a military academy. The ROTC guys have access to an arsenal of weapons, but that doesn't stop the scarecrow, and he kills them all. The scarecrow is willing to kill anyone who gets in the way of turning Mary into a scarecrow too so that they can be together forever. Finally, a friend of Dave's from the academy named Karl ([[David Castro  inadvertently becomes a scarecrow, and fight the Dave scarecrow. The Dave scarecrow wins the fight, but then Mary blows him to pieces with a rocket-launcher."] ['This movie opens with a news montage explaining that it is set in a dystopic near-future in which George W. Bush has been elected to a fourth term. The United States Congress has been disbanded; public nudity is banned; the United States is embroiled in wars with France, Iraq, Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, Syria, Venezuela, Canada, and Alaska. With more wars than there are soldiers to fight them, a secret laboratory run by Dr. Chushfeld  in fictional Sartre, Nebraska, has developed a virus to re-animate dead Marines and send them back into battle. However, this virus has broken containment and infected test subjects and scientists, and they are at risk of escaping the lab. A team of Marines codenamed the "Z" Squad is sent in to destroy the zombies. One of the Marines named Byrdflough  is bitten but escapes. He ends up in an alley outside an underground strip club named "Rhino". The Marine dies and awakens as a zombie who goes into the strip club. "Rhino" is run by Ian Essko . A new stripper named Jessy  has arrived at the club to save up enough money for her grandmother\'s operation. She is introduced to the club\'s star dancer, Kat . Kat begins her dance on the stage, but is attacked by Byrdflough. Essko is concerned about losing his best dancer, so he lets her go back on stage as a zombie. To everyone\'s surprise, Kat is a better and more popular dancer as a zombie than she was as a human. The other strippers now find themselves faced with the prospect of losing their customers, as the customers prefer zombie strippers to human strippers. One by one, the human strippers become zombies, some by choice in order to compete or  for fun. During private dances, the zombie strippers bite and kill their customers. Essko tries to keep the zombies hidden in a cage in the club\'s cellar, but eventually, the zombies escape and overrun the club. Kat and the underrated stripper Jeanni  fight for supremacy. The remaining humans in the club struggle to survive until the "Z" Squad burst in to destroy the zombies. But they discover that the zombies were allowed to escape by the Bush Administration, in the hopes that the ensuing zombie plague would distract Americans from their gross mishandling of the war effort and the economy.'] ["Virgil Travis is a wealthy, soulless psychopath who lives in seclusion in his mansion home with his dwarf butler and maniac right hand man. Tortured and forcibly mutated as a child by a woman who put him through body transforming procedures, Virgil has an abnormally sized head. Basking in the suffering, degradation, pain, and death of others, Virgil has already killed, and kidnapped a female rock group that he keeps imprisoned in his basement to help satisfy his constant need for perverse amusement. Never satisfied, though, Virgil decides that he will once again try to fill the emptiness that exists within him, and so creates a trio of deformed, living dolls to systematically murder any and all people who have ever wronged him. What Virgil doesn't anticipate, though, is meeting his match and finding love, both of which come in the form of a woman who is even more evil and twisted than he is.  In the film, there is a character by the name of Mr. Mascaro. He is a human version of the character Jack Attack, who is a character from Demonic Toys.  Virgil Travis is the son of Myron Stackpool and from the yet-to-be-made Bride of the Head of the Family, Georgina."] ["In the first years of the 1920s, a sickly and dying Count Dracula , who as a vampire must drink virgin blood to survive, travels from Transylvania to Italy, following his servant Anton's  plan and thinking he will be more likely to find a virgin in a Catholic country. At the same time, all of Dracula's family has vanished because of two reasons, the lack of virgins in their hometown and how the family's reputation prevents any common family from choosing to bring women to the renowned castle. Shortly after arriving to Italy, Dracula befriends Marchese di Fiore , an impecunious Italian landowner who, with a lavish estate falling into decline, is willing to marry off one of his four daughters to the wealthy aristocrat. Of di Fiore's four daughters, two regularly enjoy the sexual services of Mario, the estate handyman , a proud peasant and staunch Marxist who believes that the socialist revolution will happen soon in his country. The youngest and eldest daughters are virgins, but the latter is thought too plain to be offered for marriage, and is past her prime, and the youngest is only 14 years old . Dracula obtains assurances that all the daughters are virgins and drinks the blood of the two who are considered marriageable. However, their tainted blood reveals him the truth and makes him even more weaker. Nevertheless, he is able to turn the two girls into his mental slaves. Soon after the Marchese Di Fiore travels out of Italy to pay his great debts, Mario discovers that Dracula is a vampire and what he has done to the Di Fiore sisters. When he realizes the danger Dracula poses to the youngest daughter, he rapes her to achieve her protection. Mario warns Di Fiore's wife, La Marchesa Di Fiore , about Dracula's plan. Meanwhile Dracula has drunk the blood of the eldest daughter, turning her into a vampire and regaining strength. La Marchesa confronts and is stabbed by Anton, whom she shoots and kills before dying. Mario dismembers Dracula with an axe and kills him and the eldest of the Di Fiore's with a stake, becoming the De facto master and manager of the estate."] ["Dynamite fishing in a rural swamp revives a prehistoric gill monster that lives on the blood of human females. When a local is fishing with dynamite in Bog Lake, something larger pops to the surface: a green bug-eyed monster awakened from a long sleep, which promptly begins killing fishermen who stumble across its lair. When biologist Ginny Glenn  discovers the creature's evolutionary nature, the local sheriff decides to use various methods to destroy the beast."] ["The plot centers on an S&M/Grand Guignol-style theatre run by Master Sardu and his midget assistant, Ralphus. In keeping with the Grand Guignol-style, the theatre puts on grotesque shows about torture and murder. What neither the audiences nor the critics know is that the shows are not staged but real. Moreover the naked women who appear to be tortured, dismembered and even killed during the performances are not actresses but kidnapped victims who are made into slaves. Theatre critic, Creasy Silo, incurs Sardu's wrath by mocking his pretensions of art. Sardu responds by kidnapping and torturing Silo in the hopes that he will give the show a positive review, and by kidnapping ballerina Natasha DeNatalie in order to force her to participate in shows and thereby lend the shows an increased level of artistic legitimacy. This leads to the second major plotline of the film, in which Natasha's football-player boyfriend Tom Maverick and corrupt policeman Detective John Tucci try to find Natasha and unravel the mystery of Sardu's operation. As the film progresses, we learn that Sardu is involved in white slavery and keeps a group of naked, almost feral, women in a cage in the basement of the theatre. The film intercuts between scenes of Tom Maverick and Detective Tucci attempting to find Natasha DeNatalie and scenes of Sardu and Ralphus torturing their captives and attempting to brainwash DeNatalie and Silo so that they will participate in the theater productions. As is common in the genre, the film ends with Sardu getting his comeuppance at the hands of his former captives."] ['A serial killer is on the loose in a Los Angeles suburb, and a television repairman with a pronounced limp named Horace Pinker  becomes the prime suspect. When the investigating detective, Lt. Don Parker ([[Michael Murphy , gets too close, Pinker murders Parker\'s wife, daughter, and his biological son. However, his adopted son Jonathan  develops a strange connection to Pinker through his dreams and leads Parker to Pinker\'s rundown shop. In a shootout in which several officers are killed, Pinker manages to escape. He targets Jonathan\'s girlfriend Allison  in retribution. Another dream leads Lt. Parker and the police to Pinker, who is in the midst of a kidnapping. This time, just as Pinker is about to kill Jonathan, he is arrested. Pinker is quickly convicted and sentenced to die in the electric chair. Prior to his execution, Pinker reveals that Jonathan is, in fact, his son, and that as a boy, Jonathan had shot him in the knee while trying to stop the murder of his mother. But what they do not realize is that Pinker has made a "deal with the devil". When he is executed, he does not actually die but instead becomes pure electricity, and is able to possess others  to continue his murderous ways. He soon possesses Lt. Don Parker. Parker uses his strength to fight off Pinker, who escapes into a T.V. dish. Jonathan and his friends try to find a way to fight him. Eventually, Jonathan, with the aid of Alison\'s "spirit", devises a scheme to bring Pinker back into the real world and accidentally discovers that Pinker, as with all energy sources, is bound by the laws of the real world and uses this limitation to defeat him. Pinker threatens Jonathan that he will find a way out of his "prison". The film ends when Alison\'s voice tells Jonathan to take care of himself, while Jonathan\'s neighborhood suffers a blackout.'] ['An outsider visits a remote isolated village that has seemingly shunned the modern life. Doctor Del Shaw, an investigator from the British ecological watchdog group nicknamed Doomwatch, is sent to the island of Balfe, to file a report on the effects of a recent oil tanker spill. He becomes fascinated with the mysterious behavioural disorders of the locals who display rudeness and random aggression and a strange genetic prevalence of thick lips and sloping brows. Investigation shows that the villagers have been suffering over a prolonged period from hormonal disorders, which are being caused by leaking drums of growth stimulants that have been dumped offshore. The islanders have been eating contaminated fish and are in turn developing acromegaly, a disorder of excessive hormonal growth, usually the result of family interbreeding, which produces aggression and eventually madness. Rather than seek help from the mainland they hide those who are deformed from any newcomers...'] ['A businessman hires a hitman to murder his wife. After he accomplishes the deed, the killer blackmails the husband into finding young girls for the murderer to torture and kill. The man makes a deal with a motorcycle gang to kidnap two young girls for that purpose.http://imdb.com/title/tt0068440/plotsummary'] ["Four young adults–Dave, Susan, Jim and Jim's girlfriend–head into the woods to look for a lost scientist, Dr. Arthur Watermann. The friends have a picnic and glimpse a mysterious castle in the woods. They find that Dr. Watermann's cabin seems to have been destroyed. A forest ranger, who is Asmodeus in human form, watches over the teenagers. When the group stumbles into a cave, a strange old man presents them with an ancient book filled with magical lore and symbols. Asmodeus sends monsters–a giant ape-like creature, and a giant green-skinned fur-clad creature–to retrieve the book from them at all costs. The ape-like creature kills the old man. The castle seems to have disappeared, however the friends discover that it has been rendered invisible by magic. After killing Jim, Asmodeus reveals his true form, that of a winged red demon. Asmodeus kills Jim's girlfriend and then attacks Dave and Susan. Dave and Susan flee to a cemetery and destroy the demon with a cross. As it dies, the cemetery explodes,{{clarify}} killing Susan. Dave sees a shadowy giant who prophecies that Dave will be dead in one year and one day; Dave loses his sanity, and is confined to a mental hospital. One year and one day later, an evil-faced Susan arrives at the hospital to visit him. With the end credits the film ends with the end? leaving the audience to wonder if the story will ever continue and that Susan is still possessed by Asmodeus."] ["Emily and her sister Danielle play host to friends at their parents' country house in the Hamptons. The weekend is poised for success. Murph, Emily's boyfriend, has chosen this occasion to propose, their respective best friends seem to be hitting it off, and Danielle's alienated boyfriend scores in the clutch by supplying the drugs. But when his bag of unicorn weed livens up the party, some of the group begin to suffer from a weird reaction. Inexplicable violence abruptly brings down their high"] ["In a small California town, Malik  along with his former girlfriend Gen  her friend Barbie , and another friend named Wes  take a weekend getaway to an old ghost town where Malik and Gen played when they were younger. They arrive at a long-abandoned prospecting settlement which is said to contain miles of underground tunnels, some of which lead to the Mexican border less than a mile away. The four friends climb down into the tunnels, and are observed by a mysterious old man  from a short distance away. He tugs on a mysterious amulet hanging from a chain around his neck and pours what appears to be blood on the ground. In the tunnels, the teenagers stumble into two Mexican drug dealers, Jorge  and Al, along with their teenaged sidekick Zee , hauling packets of contraband across the border. The drug dealers force the four teenagers to tag along with them. Suddenly, mysterious ghost-like creatures appear and begin to attack them, forcing the teenagers and drug runners to join forces and run to the nearest hatch to try to escape. The mysterious old man is seen stroking his necklace, summoning the mysterious creatures. One of them throws a hook and chain at Al, impaling him to the wall. Barbie is then sliced in half at the waist when she attempts to stand on Jorge's shoulders to open another hatch. Most of Jorge's fingers are severed as well. Zee seems to have disappeared, and the remaining survivors climb into a boarded up shack. One of the creatures stabs Wes through the neck. Jorge is also killed by the creatures. Malik and Gen soon discover a room filled with dozens of bodies that have been killed over the years. Zee appears again and leads them to a path. Eventually the two safely escape the tunnels only to discover that they have lost the keys to their car, and they ask the owner of a nearby house for a ride. The owner turns out to be the mysterious old man, although neither of the survivors know he is the one behind the attacks. As the old man drives the two away in his truck, he offers them some beer. Gen drinks it and soon passes out. The old man stabs Malik in the legs and then knocks him out with chloroform. Malik and Gen wake up back in the room filled with dead bodies, and after they each painfully remove the barbed wire binding their wrists, Gen discovers a small, narrow tunnel. They crawl under it and end up in the house of the old man. In the house they find a bedroom covered with newspaper clippings about a teenager named Zee who was murdered years earlier in the tunnels; the old man was a suspect in the killing. Zee reappears and shows them a passage underneath a bed. The old man soon finds the open passage and follows them into it. Once again, the old man summons the ghostly creatures to attack the two survivors as they flee. Soon, Malik and Gen cross paths with the old man, who attacks them. The old man is about to murder Gen by slowly stabbing him in the neck when the previously silent Zee tells him to stop. Gen attacks the old man. Gen gets hold of the necklace and destroys it, and the creatures show up and kill the old man. Later, Gen cuts herself with a knife, dripping her blood onto a rock as she says her goodbyes to Wes. She meets up with Malik and they safely make it to the surface. At daybreak, they flag down another pickup truck and ask the driver for a ride. In the final scene, Malik and Gen are safely in a motel room. Malik then muses over the old man's ability to control spirits, wondering whether they could then control them too, which Gen simply shrugs off. The movie ends showing Wes and Barbie's dead bodies staring at Malik and Gen through their motel room window."] ['In a post-apocalyptic future, human survivors are fighting a group of mutant monsters they refer to as "Gargoyles". These creatures reproduce quickly by raping human women and impregnating them. The gestation period is short and deadly. The creatures are very strong and merciless. They are vulnerable to the high-pitched frequency of a dog whistle . The film revolves around a group of humans fighting the "Gargoyles" from an underground bunker. Abortion becomes a topic of debate between the humans when one of the characters is raped by one of the creatures; they are unsure if the woman is pregnant by her human partner or the monster. It soon becomes clear who the real father is.'] ['Young Christopher has just enrolled at the prestigious Carmichael Bible College, managed by the somewhat unusual Mrs. Bouvier. After some unexplained disappearances, Christopher does some exploring and discovers that Mrs. Bouvier and the Reverend Carmichael have some very unwholesome intentions for the young men of their school. It soon becomes clear that voodoo magic is being used and the boys are the tools with which the college faculty will try to resurrect Satan.'] ['{{plot}}  The film begins with "The Man"  walking on a street on a foggy night. He passes by a tramp and somehow makes him throw up. Two men see that The Man is alone and start following him. One of them throws a cigarette at him and starts to brutally hit him with a chunk of wood. The other joins in and punches The Man with his fists. Just when they think he is knocked out, the first offender checks The Man body for cash. Then The Man suddenly grabs him by the throat and begins ripping it with his armour rings. While the 2nd thug stands frozen watching, The Man pulls out the 1st thug\'s windpipe . He then tears the 2nd thug\'s head apart from the top and stomps on his brains. Then the title credits start. The next scene shows two dead bodies being photographed, one of a girl lying on a bed and one of another girl on the floor. The girl on the bed has her stomach ripped open. Then, detective Neilson  enters the room to inspect. He then grabs one of the girl\'s breast to see if she\'s alive. The movie continues showing how it all came to this and how the girls died. Melissa  and Nikki [who are the two girls] are in a goth club looking for a man to take home and to sleep with. Melissa spots The Man. Nikki agrees that The Man is the perfect guy so Melissa takes him home. At her place Melissa starts to strip in front of The Man. Then instead of having sex as Melissa would have expected, The Man gets on her and evolves into some monstrosity. What he does exactly is not clear since the room is flashing with light. The next day, Melissa, scared and confused, goes to Nikki\'s house. On her way there, she sees people on the street with obscured demonic faces. Afraid to sleep alone now, she stays at Nikki\'s house for the night. However she feels pounding in her stomach, as if something was trying to get out. Then, some spikes rip out of her stomach. Terrified, Melissa stabs herself with some scissors until she kills herself. Nikki, literally bathing in Melissa\'s blood, watches in horror as some spider like creature with a baby\'s face rips through the corpse\'s stomach. It jumps on her and brutally kills her, spraying blood all over the walls. At the police station, detective Neilson is sent to his boss\' office , who has some questions for him. Kemper , a madman imprisoned at Fenham Asylum, is then shown in his cell with a list of those who helped catch him and gives it to his ally and son , Dani. Melissa was probably 1st on this list. Sophie  and Emma ([[Emma Rice  try to break into a house. They start looking for a box with money. When Emma finally finds the box under a bed a bony old man  pops up from the bedcovers. He grabs Emma and starts yelling. Sophie, not knowing what to do, takes a candleholder and whacks the old man on the head. The girls check for his pulse but he has none. Bizarrely, the old man jumps up one again and attacks Sophie. Emma takes a knife and stabs the old man first in the cheek, then in the shoulder. Still alive, once again he gets up. Sophie then takes a huge hammer and smashes the old man\'s face. Confident that he is now dead, the two girls take a bath to remove their bloodstains. Emma tells Sophie that she told her sister that they were going to do this robbery. Angered at Emma, Sophie hits Emma with the same huge hammer and kills her. She stuffs the money in her pockets and makes for the exit of the house, but she trips on the stairs and hits her head on the wall. This knocks her out and she wakes up in the morning. When she checks to see where the corpses of her friend and the old man were, she finds an empty room. She then goes back to her apartment. There she is attacked by the zombies of Emma  and the old man . The old man holds her while Emma stabs Sophie in the eye with a broken bottle and kills her.  At the police station, Neilson is told by a police officer the names of the people killed so far. Neilson recognises them as they helped him catch Kemper. That night Neilson has a nightmare. He sees Kemper enter his bedroom. Kemper forces Neilson to keep his mouth open and breaks his front row of teeth using a hammer and nail. Neilson is woken up by his phone. When he answers it he hears a strange voice, Dani\'s. Dani is at Sophie\'s apartment and places a coin with a goat head insignia on Sophie\'s corpse. The Man is then shown performing some sort of ritual. He stabs a cat until its organs fall out on a plate and then eats them. After the police investigate the corpses at Emily\'s apartment, Neilson\'s boss John wants another word with him. Suspecting that Kemper somehow murdered the girls and the old man, John orders Neilson to tell him everything he knows about Kemper. Neilson tells John that Kemper in the beginning was a \'magician\' who could hypnotize people. He performed at public shows and hypnotized unsuspecting children. At night the children would walk to him and he would use them in sick depraved rituals. He would also eat them. He supposedly did this to emulate his father, satanist Anthony Crowley. Now almost sure that Kemper was guilty, John orders Kemper to be moved to a new cell so his current one can be investigated. Next on the killing list is Nick Holland . Nick drives home with his girlfriend Natalie  where he refuses to make love to her. He does this because he feels bad that he only has one leg . Nick\'s doctor says that if Nick brings him a leg, it is possible to stitch it to Nick\'s body. So, Nick goes to an old friend of his,  and shoots him in the head. He then cuts Thomas\' leg off with a knife and puts it in a suitcase. He brings the leg to the doctor and the doctor sends a nurse over to Nick\'s house to stitch the leg on. That night Nick has a nightmare. He sees Thomas murdering Natalie and then stabbing him with a knife. He wakes up and finds Natalie safe next to him. The couple decides to go for a drive. Nick is the driver, but some unknown force twists his legs and makes him hold the gas panel down. Not able to break, he keeps speeding until a truck crashes into the car. Nick doesn\'t die after the crash, but he sees that Natalie had been ripped out of the car and had crashed on a pole. Nick, unable to bear Natalie\'s death, stabs himself in the leg and under the head with a knife. A couple of cops come and call in reinforcements. That\'s when Dani shows up. He walks in front of the 1st cop and stabs him through the eyes with his metal finger armours. He then approaches the 2nd cop  and attacks him. After looking through Kemper\'s old cell some doctors find the list of victims Kemper had. John is informed and calls Neilson. He tells him there are two people left on the list. Richard Neilson  , and Neilson himself.  Richard Neilson is a reporter who is for some reason spoiled by the internet. He is slightly attracted to killing and murder. He recently finds a website that lets members choose how they want to have someone killed and see it live on the \'SickCam\'. The victims are killed in a room called the \'Sick Room\'. Richard likes this website and is blinded by his blood thirst. He sees a sample video on the SickCam and decides he wants to try this. So, he writes the URL of the website down and tricks his girlfriend into coming to his house and assaults her violently. This isn\'t shown but is obvious, as his girlfriend\'s face is later shown completely bruised and stitched. The next day Richard tries to enter the site through his laptop but the URL doesn\'t work. He falls asleep for the rest of the day and tries to enter the site again the next day at work. He tries different URLs until he gets the right one, but just when he enters the site and completes the site membership form, his computer shuts off. Richard\'s boss fires him for everything bad he\'s done. Richard tries to get into the site again at home from is laptop. The URL fails to work once more so he tries other possibilities. After days of fruitless effort he finally succeeds. The site says: \'Thank You. If you have found us then you deserve to be here. Please enjoy full membership privilege while we process your account\'. Under this text is the goat head insignia, the same on the coin that The Man had left on Sophie\'s corpse. Richard enjoys commanding how to have a man tortured and killed online while watching it happen on the Sick Cam [Tony Hickson]. But then, Richard\'s Internet connection is terminated. He forgot all about his Internet bills all these days as well as his rent. He is kicked out of his house, so the first place he goes to is the Internet cafe. He tries entering the Sick Room website there but with no luck, so he posts an online sign asking for info on the sick room. The next day he gets a reply: \'The Cottage. Elm Drive, Harrow. The man there can tell you more. Please don\'t try to trace this. A friend\'. Richard goes to the cottage in the address and meets a short man . The man tricks Richard into actually entering the sick room, where Richard is hit with hammers and cut up with razors. The user who is ordering these commands online is then shown to be The Man. Neilson is told that his son is dead. Thinking it was Kemper, he decides to kill him. He goes into Kemper\'s cell and shoots Kemper in the leg and arm. Then a doctor calls in some backup. Some soldiers come, but Dani comes too, disguised as one of the soldiers. Dani, holding a machete, slits a female doctor\'s throat, stabs the 1st reinforcement guard in the face, and eventually kills everyone except Neilson. Neilson shoots The Man in the face, blowing half his head off. Then he shoots Kemper in the heart, but as he is checking if Kemper is still alive, a spider-like creature comes out of The Man\'s half-head as he cries out "Evil has just begun. " Then there are screams and the movie ends.'] ['Deep in the Amazon Rainforest, a well-preserved woman dating from the ice age is found encased in amber. Her body is then loaded onto an airplane to be taken to a military facility where she can be studied by scientists. En route to the military base, the plane is hijacked by a renegade group whose intent is to sell the specimen to the government for a ransom. The plane crashes into a mountain ski resort causing an avalanche and trapping all of the vacationing teenagers inside of the hotel. The woman, whose body only functions when kept cold, awakens and begins randomly killing the survivors by freezing them from the inside. One of the teens has an uncle searching for them on the outside, but he too is battling his own demons which stem from his alcoholism. This leads to a delay in the arrival of assistance in the ski resort town. The final showdown occurs with Johnny pulling the sexually invigorated Ice Queen into a hot tub which dissolves her body.'] ['Rod  is a young software salesman living a successful life in Silicon Valley. He meets up with old classmate and aspiring fashion model Nathalie  and begins dating her. Things go well for the couple, with Rod receiving a large bonus that he uses to start his own business, while Nathalie is chosen as a Victoria\'s Secret model. As they grow closer, the couple remains oblivious to signs of something going wrong around them, such as unexplained wildfires and the corpses of diseased birds turning up on beaches. After consummating their relationship in a motel, Rod and Nathalie wake up to find that their town is under attack from eagles and vultures that spit acid and explode into flames upon striking the ground. Rod and Nathalie escape from the motel by joining up with an ex-Marine named Ramsey  and his girlfriend Becky . As they leave town, they rescue two young children, Susan  and Tony , whose parents have been killed by the birds. The group proceeds to drive from one town to the next, fending off more bird attacks along the way and briefly meeting a scientist named Dr. Jones  studying the phenomenon. Becky is killed by the birds, and Ramsey, in an attempt to exact revenge, tries to save a busload of tourists. As they leave the bus, Ramsey and the tourists are doused in acid by the birds and all die. Rod, Nathalie and the kids continue to flee from the birds, driving into a forest where they briefly meet a "Tree Hugger"/Tom Hill , who explains to them that the birds have only been targeting gas stations and cars and that the attacks are the result of global warming. The quartet ultimately settles on a small beach, where Rod fishes for dinner. As they prepare to eat, they are attacked by the birds, which are suddenly—and for no explained reason—chased away by doves. The film ends as Rod, Nathalie and the kids watch the birds fly off into the sunset.'] ['The film opens in summer, with John Baker and his two children, Angela and Peter, out on a lake. After their boat flips, John and the children head ashore, where John\'s lover, Lenny, is calling. As the family swims, a motorboat accidentally runs them over, killing John. Eight years later, Angela is now living with her eccentric aunt Dr. Martha Thomas and cousin Ricky Thomas. Angela and Ricky are sent to Camp Arawak. Due to her introverted nature, Angela is bullied, her main tormentors being fellow camper Judy and camp counselor Meg. The head cook, Artie attempts to molest Angela until Ricky interrupts, and the two children flee. While Artie is boiling water for corn, an unseen figure knocks him off the chair, scalding him with the water. Artie\'s injuries are deemed accidental by camp owner Mel Costic. Campers Kenny and Mike begin to mock Angela, prompting Ricky and his friend Paul to get into a fight with them. After the brawl is broken up by Gene, Ricky and the rest of the boys involved in the fight leave, while Paul stays behind and befriends Angela. Later, Kenny is drowned, his body found the next day and his death also ruled accidental by Mel. Camper Billy also dies from a bee attack after he throws a water balloon at Angela. The relationship between Angela and Paul grows strained when Paul kisses her twice as a goodnight kiss, causing Angela to have a flashback to her youth when she and her brother witnessed their father in bed with Lenny. Paul is then seduced by Judy, who lures him into the woods, where the two are found kissing by Angela and Ricky. Guilty, Paul attempts to explain himself to Angela while on the beach. As Paul talks to Angela, he is shooed away by Judy and Meg, who throw Angela into the water. After being taken out of the lake by lifeguard Hal and having sand flung at her by several small children, a clearly disturbed Angela is comforted by Ricky, who swears revenge on her aggressors. After the affair at the beach, Meg prepares for a date with Mel. During her shower, she is killed by a knife through her back. Meg\'s disappearance goes largely unnoticed and a social is held. At the social, Angela is approached by Paul, whom she tells to meet her at the waterfront after the social. The six children who threw sand at Angela are taken out to go camping with counselor Eddie. When two of them ask to go back, Eddie takes them back to his car and drives back to the camp. The other four children are hacked to bits with Eddie\'s axe when he returns. Judy is murdered in her cabin when the killer punches her and forces a hot curling iron into her vagina . The camp is thrown into a panic when Eddie announces the deaths of the four children. Ricky overhears this news before being attacked by Mel, who had discovered Meg\'s corpse and blames Ricky for her death. After beating Ricky mercilessly, Mel stumbles into the camp archery range, where he is shot in the throat with an arrow by the killer. As the counselors and the police scour the camp, they discover Ricky, unconscious but alive, and Angela meets Paul on the beach, suggesting they go for a swim. Ronnie and Susie find a naked Angela humming to herself and clutching both a large knife and Paul\'s severed head in her hands. They are shocked to discover that "Angela" is actually Peter, her thought-to-be-dead brother. It is revealed that the real Angela died in the accident and Peter survived. After Martha gained custody of him, she decided to raise Peter as the girl she always wanted, already having a son and coming to the conclusion that another boy "simply would not do." It\'s also implied that Peter/Angela was mentally affected in a very negative way by seeing his father sharing a homosexual embrace with another man. The film suddenly ends with the nude and blood-covered "Angela", male genitalia in full view, standing before Susie and Ronnie, letting out an animalistic hissing sound.'] ['Michelle Rosen is a poor girl who is the \'new kid\' at her high school. Jealous of the popular cliques, she spends her lunch reading under a tree when approached by the handsome football star, Aaron, who invites her to a party. Aaron\'s ex-girlfriend, Debbie, a member of the popular clique makes up rumors about Michelle. At the party Aaron slips Michelle a roofie, and gang rapes her with his friends. The rapists\' girlfriends then assume that Michelle seduced them, duct tapes her to a tree, and writes "slut" on her forehead. Later at school, Michelle finds posters all over the hallways stating "Michelle Rosen is a slut". She then gets her revenge with a series of bloody murders.'] ['A shy and sexually frustrated young woman named Helen has trouble when her private parts begin to devour her lovers. Driven to madness by her condition, Helen decides to become a prostitute and murder her clients to satisfy her bloodlust. It was filmed on the Isle of Wight.{{citation needed}}'] ["On a small island, a man  is chased by an unseen figure. As he stops to catch his breath, he is decapitated by his pursuer. Meanwhile, a group of teenage high-school students, including the social outcast Emily , Emily's love interest Johnny , the flamboyant homosexual Ricky , jock Tim , boyish lesbian Maddy , stoner Q  and girly-girl Sylvia , are chosen to go on a field trip to a small island. The group, along with their teacher Mr. Argento , meet Captain J.T. Bates  who takes them to the island on his boat. Here, the group meet the eccentric couple Vincent King  and Mary Shelley  who they will be staying with. Mary begins to film the group on her hand-held recorder, saying that she is an aspiring director. At night, while the group settle in and have dinner with Vincent and Shelly, Mr. Argento finds he has to leave the island to retrieve some equipment. While Mr. Argento waits for J.T., J.T. encounters the killer who stabs him in the eye with a hook. The teenagers have a bonfire on the beach, where Emily gets increasingly angry with her undisciplined peers, however soon begins to loosen up. Tim loses a bet, and enters the sea as his forfeit. However he soon becomes freaked out after touching something in the sea . Soon after Q is scared by a figure dressed up as a clown in the forest, but both incidents are ignored. The group go to bed, not knowing Mr. Argento has been savagely murdered also. The following day, Sheriff Stoker  arrives on the island in search of a missing hunter. He questions Vincent and Mary, but both deny ever seeing him, so the Sheriff leaves. Meanwhile, the teenagers have split into two groups. As Emily and Johnny work, Tim and Sylvia leave to have sex in the forest. However the pair are attacked by the killer who murders Tim with a chainsaw before chasing Sylvia through the forest. At dinner, Emily becomes concerned with Mr Argento, Tim and Sylvia's absence and how the phone lines are down. The teenagers again have a bonfire on the beach. Q leaves in search for a phone signal, but bumps into the clown once again. Q is overpowered and his neck is crushed, killing him. The clown then takes off the mask, revealing Mary to be the killer. When Q doesn't return, Emily, Johnny, Ricky and Maddy go searching for him. They notify Vincent and Mary of the disappearances, but the pair brush it off. After the teenagers leave to continue searching, Vincent and Mary watch videos of Tim's murder, showing the couple are making a snuff film. Meanwhile, Sheriff Stoker begins to become suspiscous and makes his way back to the island. In an underground dungeon, Sylvia watches in horror, from a cage, as Vincent dances with a corpse before he torments her. Emily, Johnny, Ricky and Maddy split up to cover more ground, where Johnny finally kisses Emily. Sheriff Stoker arrives on the island and reaches Vincent and Mary's house but is swiftly murdered by the pair with an axe. In the forest, Ricky and Maddy search before Maddy is hit in the head with a brick while Ricky flees. Maddy wakes up a short time later tied to a tree. She encounters Willy , who sets her free and tells her to reach his boat on the other side of the island. As Vincent and Mary chase Ricky through the forest, they stop to take some footage, where Vincent bites a chunk out of Mary's neck, killing her. Ricky then attacks Vincent and tries to kill him, but ultimately Ricky is shot dead. Hearing the carnage, Johnny hides Emily and begins to investigate. While Maddy is searching for the boat, she finds Emily standing next to a water well. Maddy warns Emily of the murders, but Emily pushes Maddy down the well, where she is impaled on a number of spears. Vincent then emerges and congratulates his niece, Emily, for her performance. As Johnny runs through the forest, he encounters Emily who begins to seduce him, but Vincent hits Johnny over the head with a baseball bat. This angers Emily as she wished to put a sex scene in the snuff film. Vincent comforts Emily, and it is revealed they were having an affair behind Mary's back. Some time later, Johnny wakes up, tied up in the dungeon. The victims are set up beside him, while Sylvia is still trapped in a cage hanging above a pool of piranha fish. Johnny and Sylvia realize Emily set them up to come to the island and that she is making the snuff film with Vincent and Mary. Willy soon arrives and frees Johnny, but as he is freeing Sylvia, Emily and Vincent appear and shoot Willy through the chest with an arrow, killing him. Vincent then pulls a leaver that plummets Sylvia into the pool of piranha. Vincent attacks Johnny, but Johnny overpowers Vincent and stabs him in the chest with an axe, severely injuring him. Johnny escapes, chased by Emily and Vincent. He finds a boat on the beach, but Emily and Vincent catch up with him. As Vincent is about to shoot Johnny, Willy arrives and stabs Vincent to death, before Emily shoots Willy in the head. Johnny takes his opportunity and shoots Emily with a flare gun, but she runs into the sea and survives, once again attacking Johnny. However, Sylvia reveals herself to have survived, and shoots Emily dead. Deputy Radley  then arrives to take Johnny and Sylvia home. The movie ends with the footage of the murders being shown. At the end, Deputy Radley is shown to be involved with the snuff film, leaving it unknown if Johnny and Sylvia were saved or were murdered also."] ['When private detective Jack Chandler  tries to track down a teenage runaway , he runs into a cult of Egyptian chainsaw-worshipping prostitutes led by "The Master" .'] ['When attempts to break into the pop business leaves him with nothing but a bloody nose songwriter Jason Jones  decides to take a break with "Hairy Holidays", an outfit run by shifty, gay travel agent Pollock . After failing to chat Jason up, Pollock sends him to pseudo-health farm- Brittlehurst Manor. On the train journey there Jason meets Judy  who is also on the way to the same destination to meet her long lost Aunt. Both are unaware that the health farm  is a front for Dr Storm  and his lobotomy experiments that turn wayward hippies into his mindless zombie slaves. The wheelchair bound Doctor surrounds himself with an entourage that including Judy\'s aunt, and erstwhile brothel madam, Olga , dwarf Frederick  and numerous zombie bikers thugs. Dr Storm also has a Rolls Royce fitted with a giant blade that decapitates escapees and interfering parties. Abraham  arrives at the Horror Hospital "looking for his chick" and is promptly whacked around the head by the motorcycle zombies. Frederick, fed up at literally being Storm\'s whipping boy helps the kids escape- paving the way for Seventies youth to put the final spanner in the works of Storm\'s scheme.'] ["After her mother's mysterious death, Abby Arcane  travels to the Florida swamps to confront her evil stepfather Dr. Arcane , who had been resurrected with a ludicrous explanation after his death in the first film. In an attempt to stave off the effects of aging, Dr. Arcane, assisted by Dr. Lana Zurrell , combines genes from various swamp animals and human beings, creating an army of monsters. Dr. Arcane tries to use his stepdaughter Abby in his genetic experiments until she is rescued by Swamp Thing , a scientist previously transformed into a bog creature after a confrontation with the evil doctor, and a conscience-stricken Dr. Zurrell."] ['The director of an asylum offers to the serial killer Molly Keller a chance to be submitted to a pilot unconventional experiment in Prague, in the Weisser Institute. Molly accepts, and she travels to the clinic, where Dr. Samuel Wiesser developed a treatment using a virtual world, and Molly and deranged youngsters would be trial subjects. However, something does not work well in the experiment, and when the patients die in their trip, the same happens in the real world. The explanation is a huge twist point in the very end of the story.'] ["When an architect and his bride move into their dream home—a colonial mansion—they find that their new digs have a rich history of bloody violence. What's more, the manor is already occupied by a 100 year-old ghost with a thirst for vengeance and a yearning to oust the newlyweds from his haunt."] ['The film follows a group of teenagers who travel up to a dilapidated house for some fixing up. Unbeknownst to them, the house is occupied by a murderous old woman and her sultry daughter, who proceed to pick the teens off one by one.'] ['Los Angeles TV horror hostess Elvira, Mistress of the Dark  quits her job after an outburst involving sexual harassment with the station\'s new owner. She discovers she has been included in the will of her late great-aunt Morgana. Which entitles her to all of Morgana\'s worldly possessions, a mansion in Fallwell, Massachusetts, a Bichon Frise who doesn\'t really seem to be what it appears, and a book of what she considers cooking recipes. Despite her brazen and seductive exterior, she is determined to start a life in this conservative town and even striking up a friendship with Bob Redding ([[Daniel Greene , the local theater operator, and her "assets" and good nature also attract the attention of many of the town\'s teenagers, much to the chagrin of their closed-minded parents who see her as a bad influence. Bob\'s infatuation with Elvira also infuriates his love interest Patty who, with the help of several members of the school board and PTA sabotage Elvira\'s good name and her attempts to open a late night film fest using Bob\'s theater, the last straw breaking when in a Flashdance scene, she is covered in tar instead of a bucket of water and feathered by Patty, humiliating her. All the while, Elvira\'s uncle Vincent Talbot  appears harmless, but he is in fact a warlock bent on finding Morgana\'s secret "recipes" and using them to take over the world, and he is largely responsible for the suspicion of the town adults and their hatred toward Elvira. Elvira tries to console herself and impress Bob by cooking dinner using one of Morgana\'s recipes, and despite the oddity of the ingredients she succeeds, only to have herself and Bob attacked by a creature created from the mixture. Elvira discovers that the recipe book is actually a spellbook and plots to use the same creatures at the PTA picnic that weekend. The plan doesn\'t go accordingly, however instead of being attacked by monsters, the adults lose their inhibitions and are suddenly tearing each other\'s clothes off in promiscuity at the park, eventually being arrested for indecent exposure. Patty and Chastity, the head of the PTA, use this as a catalyst to accuse Elvira of witchcraft and the townsfolk decide to set an example and arrest her. The fear and hatred escalates, and despite the teenagers rallying to help her, they end up breaking into the wrong cell and become trapped. Elvira is taken to be burned at the stake and her dog transforms into a mouse and escapes to the mansion and obtains her great aunt\'s ring who brings it to Elvira. Elvira casts a spell to make it rain and put out the fire that\'s about to burn her and with Bob\'s help she manages to escape. Discovering that Vincent is behind this, she tries to face him, but loses her ring and runs to retrieve her spell book from the house to combat him. Vincent gives chase and when they arrive, their combat lights the house on fire. In the fray, Vincent loses Morgana\'s ring and Elvira uses it on him, expelling him to the underworld. She and Bob manage to escape the house before it is completely engulfed in flames. The next morning, Elvira, whose house was salvageable, and all of her aunt\'s possessions and magical objects were destroyed is ready to leave town. She is approached by Chastity who apologizes for their behavior and a shamed Patty who was embarrassed by Elvira the night before, as well as all the teenagers who, with Bob try to convince Elvira to stay. As she has nowhere to stay, she opts to leave town, but not before kissing Bob, hinting at a blooming relationship. The scene follows Elvira\'s experiences as portrayed in a suave and sexy song and dance number on a Las Vegas stage, now officially labeling her as "Mistress of the Dark"'] ["The film is about Melissa , a young woman living in Los Angeles, who works for a large corporation. One night, there is a freak meteor shower. The next morning, Melissa goes about her day but as time passes, slowly becomes aware that those around her have changed since the meteorites fell. It's as if their minds are no longer their own. For example, Melissa's supervisor Samantha seduces her into a passionate lesbian encounter, even though Samantha had never shown any signs of being a lesbian. Melissa soon realizes that the townsfolk have been replaced by a race of aliens known as Pod People. The aliens grow in large seed pods and gradually take the form of a particular person, eventually taking over their bodies once the growth process is complete. The Pod People try to take control of Melissa, but she flee the town to warn humanity of the in progress invasion."] ["After the mayor uses a potentially dangerous substance to protect the local plantation, the lakeside town of Mountview, in California, is attacked by a lethal species of large cockroach. After some of the town's inhabitants are killed, the mayor enlists the help of eccentric pest exterminator General George S. Merlin in order to prevent further harm to the local dwellers."] ['The concept of the film is a Japanese game show where contestants try and survive in a vast arena against three "slashers". Those who survive receive a massive cash reward, those who fail die gory deaths at the hands of the slashers.'] ['Vinny Durand  is a New York City taxi driver who is obsessed with the international cult actress Jana Bates , who is known as the "queen of horror films". Vinny returns home to his apartment where he lives with his mother , where he tells her that he\'s packing to go to the Cannes Film Festival in France hoping to meet Jana Bates and get her to star in his movie as his career start of being a film director. But his mother calls it just another one of his "crazy ideas." Vinny arrives in Cannes and tries to get to meet Jana several times, but is turned away. Jana is in Cannes to promote her latest horror film Scream where she has been nominated for Best Actress. Accompanying Jana is her manager and ex-husband Bret Bates , and the film\'s producer Alan Cunningham  who is her current beau. Vinny phones Bret to talk to Jana at her hotel room, but get hung up on. Shortly afterwards, Jana is at a press conference with Alan when she receives flowers and a note saying, "You\'ve made your last horror film." When she goes to see Bret at his hotel room, she finds him dead and runs away. But when she returns with Alan and the local police, the body is gone. Vinny continues following Jana around and filming her with his movie camera. Marty Bernestein  runs into Vinny and shrugs him off when Vinny asks him if he\'s willing promote his movie. Marty meets with the movie\'s director Stanley Kline ([[David Winters , and his personal assistant Susan Archer  where they reveal that all of them have received the same notes that Jana and Bret received. But when Marty takes his suspicious to the police, they think that Bret\'s disappearance is another publicity stunt. The next day, Marty gets a letter from Bret to meet him in a theater screening room. When Marty shows up, he is axed to death by a hooded figure. While Jana attends more press conferences, Vinny goes to a nightclub where he attacks a stripper after seeing her as Jana. He goes to a local cinema where he watches a gory horror film of Stanley Kline, and runs into him outside the theater. The following day, Susan tells Stanley that she wants to leave Cannes, but he convinces her to stay a while longer. That evening, both of them are killed by the hooded figure atop a building where Stanley is stabbed to death, and she falls off the building\'s ledge after getting shot. The killer has a movie camera and films all the deaths. Across town in Jana\'s hotel room, Vinny sneaks in with a bottle of champagne and surprises Jana as she\'s taking a shower. He asks her to appear in his movie, but she tells him to leave. Angered, Vinny breaks the bottle and threatens Jana with the bottle\'s jagged edge. When the doorbell rings, Jana pushes Vinny aside and escapes. Jana, clad only in her bathroom towel, runs screaming through the hotel lobby being chased by Vinny. The people in the lobby think it is another public stunt and applaud. Vinny, caught off guard, stops and smiles for them, allowing Jana to escape, who runs into Alan and a group of reporters outside the hotel. After explaining what happened, Alan tells Jana that he will take her away from the city. The next day, Alan drives Jana to a remote castle in the French countryside where a musician friend of his, named Jonathan, is staying. Vinny follows them. That evening, Vinny sneaks into the castle, but is chased away by Jana\'s bodyguards who accidentally kill Jonathan as he trying to stop Vinny. Alan and Jana return to Cannes for the awards ceremony where Vinny sneaks into the festivities dressed as a local policeman. While Jana waits in the back wing of the building, Vinny subdues Jana with chloroform and takes the unconscious actress away in his car back to the castle to film a scene there. Vinny films a scene with him playing Dracula and Jana as a victim. Suddenly in the climatic twist, Bret Bates shows up with another camera and a gun, and congratulates Vinny on setting everything up for him. Bret is revealed to be the killer and the mastermind behind this whole thing, not Vinny. Bret reveals that on the day when Vinny phoned him about his movie proposal, he realized that he had the perfect fall guy to set Vinny up for all the killings and to get even with Jana for leaving him. Vinny throws his cape over Bret, distracting him, and runs. But Bret grabs Jana and taunts Vinny to come out in the open. Outside, Vinny turns on a car\'s headlights, blinding Bret, and as Jana steps aside, Vinny attacks and decapitates Bret with a chainsaw. As Alan arrives with the police, Vinny stands before Bret\'s dead body and screams at this real killing, then... The image falls back to reveal that this whole story is a movie that Vinny filmed at the Cannes Film Festival with Jana Bates, and he is now back in New York showing it to his mother in a screening room. His mother tells Vinny that she\'s finally proud of him for directing and starring in his first movie. As Vinny starts to talk to his mother about ideas for his next movie, the old woman interrupts him to ask for a joint. Of interest to fans of the horror genre, this movie reunites Caroline Munro and Joe Spinell, the lead cast members from the movie Maniac.'] ["On Christmas Day, a young boy named Devin Merriman is institutionalized after being found covered in blood and clutching a knife, having apparently murdered his father and the housekeeper after walking in on the two of them having sex. Fifteen years later, Devin escapes, just as a figure in a red mask begins committing a series of seemingly random murders, the victims including two teenagers, an orderly, and a pair of police officers. After a Christmas Eve play headed by Devin's sisters, Taylor and Noel, is finished at the community centre, Noel's boyfriend Steve is killed. The next morning, the Merriman sisters receive a call from their mother, who demands they come to the community centre. Concerned with their mother's odd behavior as of late, the girls call the police before heading out. Arriving at the centre first is Detective Hughes, who is confronted and stabbed by the hysterical Mrs. Merriman. When Taylor and Noel arrive, they find the bodies of all the recent victims seated at a table in a mockery of The Last Supper, and their mother and Devin, the latter claiming that Mrs. Merriman is the killer of their father and everyone else, and that she framed him due to being a misandrist; the girls at first refuse to believe Devin, until they notice the blood coating their mother's arms. When Mrs. Merriman pulls out a knife, Devin disarms her, but she manages to grab Detective Hughes's dropped gun. Before Mrs. Merriman can fire it, Taylor wrestles the gun away from her, and shoots her in the head when she charges forward."] ["In the pre-credits sequence, an unnamed woman  is strangled by an unidentified man after finishing a shower. Following the credits, Joseph Javorsky , a noted Soviet scientist, arrives in Yucca Flat in the United States after defecting. Javorsky is carrying a briefcase with various military secrets; the film's narrator alludes to information about a Soviet moon landing. As Javorsky disembarks from his plane, he and his American contacts are attacked by a pair of KGB assassins . While the Americans stay to fight off the KGB agents, Javorsky flees into the desert, walking for a great distance, and removing much of his clothing. Wandering in range of an American nuclear test, radiation transforms Javorsky into a mindless beast. He proceeds to kill a couple in their car on a nearby road, prompting pursuit from two police officers named Jim Archer  and Joe Dobson . Meanwhile, a vacationing family ventures along the same road. After stopping at a service station, the family's two young sons  wander off into the surrounding desert where they eventually encounter and escape from Javorsky. Their father  searches for them, but is mistaken for the killer by one of the police officers, who is searching for the murderer from the air in a small plane. The officer opens fire with a high-powered rifle on the innocent man, who manages to escape. Eventually the family is reunited and the police shoot and kill Javorsky. A wild rabbit appears and nuzzles his lifeless body."] ['College student James  arrives from New Orleans at a desert ranch owned by his father, Hezekiah  to help out. Soon after arriving, James is hit on by Hezekiah\'s wife, Cheryl , and starts having nightmares. James and Cheryl are caught by Hezekiah having sex, Cheryl and Hezekiah have a fight, then she leaves the ranch that night. Hezekiah drives into town and picks up another woman, Alisha , who also quickly falls for James then disappears. Cheryl staggers into Hezekiah\'s "studio" , and dies in front of James. He takes her into the house, where he finds his father crying over Alisha\'s dead body. James calls a care facility because he thinks his dad has gone crazy. They send out a nurse, Patty , who handcuffs Hezekiah to his bed so that the next time somebody gets killed, he can be eliminated as a suspect. In the few days of waiting for the next victim to show up, Patty and James decide to while away the time by having sex. James reveals to Patty that he went to a witch doctor  back in New Orleans to help him with attracting females but was misled; his penis can now detach itself from his body and kill people. A side story involves a sexually confused local mechanic  and his probably intentional delay in fixing James\'s car, in order to seduce him.'] ['The film is set in Paterson, New Jersey in the early 1960s. Catherine Spages ([[Linda Miller  is visiting Father Tom  with her two daughters, who both attend St. Michael\'s Parish Girls\' School: 9-year-old Karen  and 12-year-old Alice . Karen is preparing for her First Communion and Father Tom gives her his mother\'s crucifix as a gift. A jealous Alice puts on a creepy, translucent grinning mask, frightening Mrs. Tredoni , Father Tom\'s housekeeper. Later, Alice steals Karen\'s porcelain doll and lures her into an abandoned building with it. She jumps out and scares Karen with the grinning mask and locks her in a room. When she lets her out she tells her that if anyone finds out, she\'ll never see the doll again. On the day of the First Communion, Karen is attacked and strangled to death, by a person in a translucent mask and yellow raincoat, in a back room as the children enter the front of the church. Her body is dragged away by her right arm and dumped into a bench compartment, which is set on fire with a candle, but not before ripping the crucifix from her neck. Smoke begins to fill the church. Meanwhile, Alice enters the church, carrying her shiny yellow raincoat. She kneels in Karen\'s place to receive communion when a scream is heard. A curious nun had entered the back room where the confessionals are located, and found Karen\'s body. People run in, horrified. Catherine is inconsolable. After Karen\'s funeral, Catherine\'s ex-husband Dominick "Dom" Spages  arrives in town to help track down the killer. Catherine\'s sister, Annie DeLorenze , moves in to help Catherine through her grief, but it is soon evident that Alice and Annie despise each other. Catherine tells Alice to deliver a rent cheque to their landlord, Mr. Alphonso . After he fondles and tries to molest her, Alice kills one of his many cats and goes down to the basement, where she lights a candle and puts on her grinning mask. Descending the stairs to go shopping, Annie is viciously attacked; a raincoated figure in a grinning mask stabs her in the knee, foot, and thigh. At the hospital, Annie cries to her husband Jim  that Alice tried to kill her. Catherine says that Annie is only accusing Alice of murdering Karen to divert attention from her own daughter Angela , who was absent at the time of the murder, but Alice is sent to a mental institution for evaluation. At the hospital with Father Tom, Dom receives a phone call from Angela saying that she has Karen\'s crucifix and is in hiding. They agree to meet at an abandoned building. Dom follows the killer inside and up the stairs where the killer stabs him in the shoulder and he is knocked out by a brick and tied up. Dom awakens and sees that the killer is in fact Mrs. Tredoni. She killed Karen because she believes that "children pay for the sins of the parents." She reveals that she stabbed Annie by mistake, thinking it was Catherine, whom she considers a whore. She calls Dom and Catherine sinners because they had premarital sex. After Dom bites the crucifix off her neck, Mrs. Tredoni beats him with a rock and pushes him out of the window. After a pathologist , analyzes Dom\'s corpse, the crucifix is found and Alice is released. When Catherine and Alice go to church Mrs. Tredoni sneaks into the apartment building. As Mrs. Tredoni bangs on his apartment door, Mr. Alphonso wakes up screaming . He spots Mrs. Tredoni and mistakes her for Alice. She stabs him twice and runs downstairs. However, a policeman witnesses her running out of the back entrance without the mask on. Mrs. Tredoni goes to church, where the police are stationed outside. Father Tom denies her communion. Mrs. Tredoni points at Catherine, screams that he gave communion to a whore, and violently stabs Father Tom in the neck as the police rush in. The final shot features Alice walking out of the church with Mrs. Tredoni\'s shopping bag, looking at the bloodstained butcher knife, and glaring at the camera.'] ["After botching a kidnapping, two criminals hide with their victim in a friends house in the jungle. After one of them rapes the friend's wife, they're left to be eaten by a nearby cannibal tribe."] ["A doctor implants a strange electronic brain component in a man's skull and a psychotic killer is born. A weird scientist brings a zombie to life and sets out to avenge the enemies of the psycho."] ["The sheriff of this small island town called North Port has a roach problem in his house. According to the local exterminator Homer , it turns out the whole town is about to have a big roach problem. Pets, and then people, begin to disappear. Although Sheriff Richard Tarbell  is dating Lillian, the owner of the local eatery, his high school sweetheart Elizabeth Johnson returns to the island after a four-year absence and their romance blooms again. Elizabeth  happens to be the daughter of the town's mayor, Elias Johnson , who is in cahoots with an evil corporation called INTEC that has been secretly breeding mutant roaches that are immune to normal insect repellants. They also seem to have the ability to assume the form of anything they kill, leading to some animal/roach hybrids and even a roach/human combo."] ['A man discovers a sticky white substance bubbling out of the ground. It is found to be sweet and addictive. Later, the substance is marketed as the Stuff and is sold to the general public in pint containers like ice cream. It is marketed as having no calories and as being sweet, creamy, and filling. The Stuff becomes a nationwide craze and drastically hurts the sales of ice cream. A former FBI agent turned industrial saboteur, David "Mo" Rutherford , is hired by the leaders of the suffering ice cream industry, as well as junk food mogul Charles W. "Chocolate Chip Charlie" Hobbs , to find out exactly what the Stuff is and destroy it. His efforts reveal that the craze for the dessert is far deadlier and much more evil than anyone had believed – the Stuff is actually a living, parasitic, and possibly sentient organism, and it gradually takes over the brain, mutating those who eat it into bizarre zombie-like creatures before consuming them from the inside and leaving them empty shells of their former selves. A young boy named Jason  also discovers the Stuff is alive and sees how it affects his family. He gets arrested for vandalizing a supermarket in trying to smash displays of the Stuff, attracting the attention of Rutherford, who comes to his aid. Rutherford also manages to charm Nicole, an advertising executive , who becomes his partner and lover when she sees the effect of the Stuff. The trio infiltrates the distribution operation, which is actually an organized corporate effort to spread the Stuff on the basis of eliminating world hunger, and destroy the lake of Stuff with explosives. Paul Sorvino co-stars as Colonel Malcolm Grommett Spears, a retired right-wing soldier who leads a militia in battling the zombies and transmitting a civil defense message for Americans to break their addiction to the Stuff by destroying it with fire. The Stuff addiction is ended and Rutherford, Nicole, Jason, and Col. Spears are hailed as national heroes. Mo then visits the Stuff company\'s head, a man named Mr. Fletcher ([[Patrick O\'Neal . He tells Mo that the destruction of the mine has not hurt his business, since the Stuff seeps out from many places in the ground, but Mo vows to find those places and gets rid of them all. Another man, Mr. Vickers , brings in Mr. Evans , the ice cream mogul with whom he is now working – and who had originally hired Mo to find out about what the Stuff was. They tell him they have come up with a new product that they call the Taste, which is a mix of 88% ice cream and 12% the Stuff, supposedly enough to make people crave more without it taking over their minds or killing them. However, Mo then brings in Jason, who is carrying a box, and then holds the two moguls at gunpoint. The box is full of pint containers of the Stuff, and Mo forces both to eat them all as punishment for all the lives lost to it, and for their greed. As they do, Rutherford asks pointedly, "are you eatin\' it...or is it eatin\' you?" When they finish, Mo and Jason leave them to the approaching police. The movie ends with smugglers selling the Stuff on the black market.'] ['The film is about an extremely sadistic and patriotic American soldier named Sam Harper who is killed by friendly fire in Kuwait during Desert Storm. He is brought back to life on the Fourth of July, as Uncle Sam. He then proceeds to wreak havoc on the unsuspecting, yet unpatriotic citizens of his hometown.'] ['Insane archaeologist Professor Andrew Forbes  uses a beast he unearthed to kill his enemies. The creature is the Aztec god Quetzalcoatl. Slowly those who know this try to stop the maniac and his monster.'] 