["Parrish, a Union Army ex-officer, plans to sell his land to Anchor Ranch and move east with his fiancee, Caroline, but the low price offered by Anchor's crippled owner, Lew Wilkison, and the outfit's bully-boy tactics make him think again. When one of Parrish's hands is murdered, he decides to stay and fight, utilising his war experience. Not all is well at Anchor with the owner's wife, Martha, carrying on with his brother, Cole, who also has a Mexican moll in town. Parrish eventually gets the upper hand, and when the Wilkisons' daughter, Judith, comes to understand what her family is like and what Parrish has been up against, she realizes they can join forces as peaceful neighbors and perhaps more."] ["Hell's Hinges tells the story of a minister, Rev. Bob Henley , who comes to a gunfighter-plagued town with his sister, Faith . The owner of the saloon, Silk Miller , and his accomplices sense trouble and hire gunman Blaze Tracy , the most dangerous man around, to run the minister out of town.  Rev. Henley is seduced by the dance-hall girl, Dolly , and falls from grace as his sister, Faith, rehabilitates Blaze Tracey, who finds something special in her, and soon Miller and the others have Blaze to deal with."] ["Cattle rancher Rance McGowan intends to capture a herd of wild horses but they are protected US government. He trains and disguises his own horse, Volcano, to lead them in stampedes across other ranches which will lead to the government removing its protection. In the process, however, the local Sheriff is killed by Volcano and the Sheriff's friends, The Three Mesquiteers, become involved. Meanwhile, Stony Brooke wants to marry saloon singer Rita but the other Mesquiteers do not trust her. {{Expand section}}"] ['The plot is a variation on the standard B-Western "Land Grab" plot: Gold has been discovered in the area and gambler Jim Rodney intends to make sole claim to it by pushing the rightful owners off the land and taking it for himself. To do so he has his henchmen kill an Indian woman, provoking attacks from her tribe. This brings Buffalo Bill and the United States Cavalry into the town. Buffalo Bill proceeds to defeat Rodney and his schemes. {{Expand section}}'] ["When a group of gunmen are running sharecroppers off their land, rancher Andy Jones sends for his friend Billy Carson to organise the sharecroppers to fight. Andy is soon mortally wounded by the gunmen, but before his death schemes for his no good twin brother Fuzzy to be sent for to impersonate him. The gunmen, witnessing Andy's funeral fear that Fuzzy is Andy's avenging ghost."] ["Bandits led by Matt the Mute enter a bar and kill multiple people. Randy Bowers comes to town and is framed by Matt the Mute, who is working with the sheriff, who doesn't know that Matt is really a criminal. Matt the Mute writes out everything he wants to say. Randy escapes with the help of Sally Rogers, the niece of the dead owner of the bar. Bowers runs from the sheriff, and ends up in the cave in which the bandits have their hideout. They kidnap Sally, who escapes with the help of Bowers. Matt the Mute is killed when he enters the bar, which is filled with explosives, and the niece marries Randy."] ["Roland plays The Cisco Kid, who sets out on a double mission. He must prevent a girl from marrying a wealthy suitor in order to save her family's hacienda, thus forsaking her true love in doing so; and also apprehend the outlaws who robbed a stagecoach carrying gold to a local mission. He eventually finds that the wealthy suitor is behind the gold robbery, a revelation that makes his task much easier."] ["Set in the 1890s, undercover federal agents John Tipton  and Bridger  heads for Crocket City Wyoming to supervise the vote on whether to join the Union. One group of local outlaws organized by Charles Plummer ([[Harry Woods are using dynamite to terrorize the populace and ensure that the vote fails. In the chaos Tipton and Bridger are separated and Tipton befriends a trio of settlers harassed by outlaws. They are Major Carter , his daughter Janet  and their servant Moses . Carter had recently become the new editor and publisher of the local newspaper the Crocket City Blade, and when he announces plans to use the power of the press to fight lawlessness and aid the statehood cause, he is threatened by villain Charles Plummer and subsequently shot and murdered by one of his men in a staged fight. When Plummer's henchmen eventually kill Bridger, after learning of his status as a government agent, Tipton fights on. He sends fake telegrams that trap some of Plummer's men. Then he organizes the ranchers and on election day they descend on the town barricaded by Plummer's gang and defeated the gang leader and his henchmen. On the day of the election the villains actually initially stop the homesteaders from voting but Tipton leads in a bunch of agents and ranchers to crush the outlaws. It results in all the baddies brought to justice, Wyoming becoming a state and Wayne gets the pretty girl Ann Rutherford."] ['Tanner is a desperate prisoner who escapes from jail and promptly murders an innocent farmer named Matthew Random. Stealing Random\'s horse and gun, the outlaw promptly makes his escape. Finding his twin brother murdered, Lucius Random  vows revenge and sets off to find the killer. Although he does not know the identity of the killer, Random knows that he is part of the nefarious "Checker Gang" and can be identified by the gun he stole from Matthew, which is one of a unique set of two that the brothers Matthew and Lucius owned between them.'] ["Chris Morrell , the guardian of half-Indian girl Nina , is helping her find her missing white father, so she can cash in on her late mother's oil lease. Outlaw Sam Black  is after the girl and her father as well. Besides dealing with the Black gang, Morrell has to find another robber, Jim Moore, who switches clothes with him after he finds Chris unconscious from a fight with Sam Black. Along the way, he meets a lady who's the sister of Jim Moore , another bad hombre who's in cahoots with Jim Moore, and an old friend who takes in Nina and helps Chris locate Nina's father and fight off the various desperadoes.NY Times review {{cite book}} Amazingly, although George Hayes had a featured character and speaking role, he was omitted from the cast list in the opening credits!"] ['{{Inappropriate tone}} The vastly lower quality of Lawless Frontier , even by poverty row film standards, is evident from the opening scenes which cuts between guys shooting out a cabin window in the darkest night, to cattle rustlers moving cows through brightest day not noticing to the gunshots, to some of the bad guys who seem to hear the gunshots & later begin to return fire. In various moments throughout the film unrelated footages were spliced together from random left-overs off the cutting room floor of several other films, & a story-of-sorts retrospectively imposed on the results. Not until John Tobin  arrives home later that night & discovers his family killed can we guess the people shooting from the window were an innocent family robbed of their cattle, though the way it was edited it looked like the people in the cabin were shooting first, at mere cattlemen. John Wayne  sets out in search Pandro Zanti  the local bandito, for all appearances a stereotyped Mexican, though the script is twice careful to tell us he is half white & half Apache & only pretends to be Mexican. Zanti plans to kidnap George "Gabby" Hayes\'s daughter Ruby ([[Sheila Terry  for his lusty needs. This is an unusual villainous trait for 1930s matinee westerns, aimed at young audiences who expected villains to be claim jumpers & killers, not rapists. Ruby & her daddy  hightail it out of there before she falls victim of the killer, escaping by a clever ruse that almost gets Ruby drowned in a river. They run into Tobin tracking his family\'s killers, & whose stunt double does that standard stunt of horse & rider jumping into a lake, though Tobin\'s afterward perfectly dry. There was a convoluted bit in the middle of the film intended to get Tobin off his white horse & on a brown one, so that the horse-leap scene could be clipped from Riders of Destiny for insertion here. Tobin then saves the sack of Ruby & then they both dry off magically fast. Ruby, Dusty & Tobin thereafter join forces. Sheriff Luke Williams  playing the tough sheriff who not only immediately takes credit for capturing Zanti when Tobin brings him in, but also arrests Tobin for the murder of Ruby\'s father Dusty who took a knife deep in the back & fell down dead. But Dusty will soon after, with wild disregard for probabilities, recover from death, claiming it was only a flesh wound, not even needing a bandaid or his shirt sewn. Sheriff Williams however makes a series of mistakes including handcuffing a bad guy\'s boot to a bed, so that all he has to do is take off his boot to escape, especially when Tobin made of point of telling Williams thatat Zanti can probably get loose. Then there is an oddly filmed chase scene with some seriously unethical editing, across the desert partly on foot, Tobin after Zanti. The plot doesn\'t want Tobin to be portrayed as a killer, so the bad guy just happens on a desert watering hole clearly marked "Poison. Do not drink," drinks it anyway, & drops dead. However the film\'s not yet over, though the chief villain is now out of the picture. We\'re treated to plenty more hard ridin\' & can\'t-hit-anthing shootin\', as Ruby & Tobin flee from Zanti\'s gang. When the happy ending finally arrives, Tobin becomes the new sheriff, replacing the halfwit Williams.'] ['Sentenced for a murder he did not commit, John Brant escapes from prison determined to find the real killer he believes his an outlaw in the West. By chance Brant\'s narrow escape from lawmen is witnessed by Joseph Conlon who goes by the name of "Jones". Giving Brant the name of "Smith\' Conlon/Jones gets him into his outlaw gang hiding out in an abandoned mine. Brant attempts to disrupt the outlaw gang\'s robberies and comes closer to finding his man. Yakima Canutt plays the leader of the gang as well as doubling for John Wayne in several stunts.'] ['In the years following the Civil War, Kansas is in the middle of a difficult time. Homesteaders are moving into the west, trying to start new lives, and are going head to head against cattlemen who have been settled in that territory for years. In Abilene, one of the biggest cattle towns of the west, the town is on the brink of a confrontation between the cattlemen and the homesteaders. Marshall Dan Mitchell , who is the law in Abilene, has the job of keeping the peace between the two groups. For a long time, the town had been divided, with the cattlemen and cowboys having one end of town to themselves, while townspeople occupied the other end. Mitchell liked it this way, it made things easier for him, and kept problems from arising between the two factions. However, when homesteaders decide to lay stakes in the cowboys end of town, that balance is upset, and leads to a deadly showdown. The leader of the homesteaders is Henry Dreiser , a young man with good common sense, and the local sheriff is Bravo Trimble , a lawman who would rather play cards than be involved in any confrontation. Mitchell not only has the difficult job of juggling the upcoming confrontation, but also his love life.'] ["Passing a stagecoach way station on his journey into town, Pat Brennan agrees to return with some storebought candy for the friendly station manager's young son. At a ranch where he once worked, the cheerful Brennan loses his horse in a wager and is forced to walk home. He gets a welcomed rescue from stagecoach driver Rintoon, hired to transport the newlyweds Willard and Doretta Mims. Doretta is a plain woman, but the daughter of the richest man in the state. It tickles Brennan, who tells Rintoon this is the first time he's ever been on a honeymoon. When they stop at the way station, they are mistaken for the regular stage by three outlaws, Chink, Billy Jack, and their leader, Frank Usher. Having already murdered the station manager and his son, the gang kills Rintoon when he reaches for a shotgun. Terrified of sharing the same fate, Mims suggests to the outlaws that ransoming his wife would be far more profitable than robbing the stage. Frank likes the idea. He makes one mistake, though -- he takes a liking to Brennan. He later tells Brennan that, under different circumstances, they might have been friends. Frank takes the woman and Brennan to a remote hideout while ordering Billy Jack to ride along with Mims and deliver a ransom note to Doretta's father, demanding $50,000. Mims returns, saying his father-in-law has agreed and is rounding up the money. Mims is told he is no longer needed and can leave. A coward, he does not even bother to say goodbye to his new wife, disgusting Frank. As he rides off, Mims is shot down. Brennan knows full well that he and Mrs. Mims can expect the same fate once the ransom is paid. He tells the distraught widow to collect herself and be ready to take any opportunity that presents itself. He then takes her in his arms. She hesitates, then kisses him. She confesses she married Mims because she was getting older and did not want to be alone. Frank leaves Billy Jack and Chink to guard the hostages while he goes off to collect the money. Brennan plants the thought that their ringleader might just ride off with all the money, so Chink leaves the camp to keep an eye on Frank. Brennan suggests to Billy Jack that he take advantage of Mrs. Mims, a lonely woman denied even her wedding night. Billy Jack does indeed try to force himself on Mrs. Mims, whereupon Brennan overpowers him and shoots him dead. Chink hears the shots and turns back. Brennan kills him. Frank then returns with the money, but when Brennan sneaks up behind him, surrenders his gun and the money, gambling that Brennan will not shoot him in the back. He slowly mounts his horse and rides off. However, he turns around and comes back firing, forcing Brennan to kill him. As Brennan and Mrs. Mims begin the long journey back side by side, she timidly puts her arm around his."] ['Fuzzy  is upset that the ranch hands spend their time and money at a saloon where they lose their money drinking and gambling. Fuzzy decides to buy the saloon to keep an eye on the men and moderate their vices, but a shifty lawyer has other ideas and plans to use murder to get his way.'] ["Cowboy Bob Smith captures notorious outlaw Bob Moore, then learns that Moore's real name is also Bob Smith. Moore convinces Smith to pose as him so that his long-lost sister, who will be arriving to visit him, won't know that her brother is actually an outlaw. Smith agrees, and when the sister arrives, Smith falls for her. Things get even more complicated when he finds out that the outlaw Smith's gang is planning on killing him."] ['The story is based on the requirement of Spanish land owners in California to register their lands before a deadline and the chicanery practiced by some to prevent registration.'] ["Buck Sawyer's friend, Sheriff Simpson, will lose his job if he doesn't catch the notorious bandit known as The Juarez Kid. Buck sets out to help Simpson catch the outlaw and keep his job."] ["Clint Belmet  is a bit of a firebrand and is sentenced to at least 30 days in jail, but his partners, Bill Jackson  and Jim Bridger  talk a sympathetic Frenchwoman named Felice  into telling the bumbling, drunken marshal that Clint had married her the previous night. Clint is released so he can accompany Felice on the wagon train heading west to California. A short time later, Felice finds out that Bill and Jim had lied to her; she did not need a man in order to join the wagon train. In a short stopover in a town, they learn that the Indians are causing trouble, so Clint offers to guide the wagon train through the dangerous trails ahead. On the journey, Felice's wagon runs out of control downhill and Clint rescues her. Felice starts talking about marriage. Clint has always been free and wants to stay that way, so he leaves. He later finds out that Indians  are planning to attack the wagon train. He, Bill and Jim rush back to save the day. The Indians attack at a river crossing. Clint helps save the day with some barrels of gunpowder but his friends are killed. The survivors continue on to California."] 