["A group of dancers congregate on the stage of a Broadway theatre to audition for a new musical production directed by Zach . After the initial eliminations, sixteen hopefuls remain. Arriving late is former lead dancer Cassie  who once had a tempestuous romantic relationship with Zach but left him to take a job in Hollywood. Now she hasn't worked in over a year, and is desperate enough for work to even just be part of the chorus line and audition for him; whether he's willing to let professionalism overcome his personal feelings about their past remains to be seen. As the film unfolds, the backstory of each of the dancers is revealed. Some are funny, some ironic, some heartbreaking. No matter what their background, however, they all have one thing in common - a passion for dance."] ["Johnny Brett  and King Shaw  are a dance team so down on their luck they're working in a dance hall for no money. Meanwhile, Clare Bennett  is a big Broadway star. Due to a case of mistaken identity, Shaw gets offered the chance to be Clare's dancing partner in a new Broadway show, when it was really Johnny's dancing that producer Bob Casey  saw and wanted. The partnership breaks up, but Johnny sticks around to help out Shaw, who soon lets his newfound success go to his head. Clare eventually realizes that Johnny is the better dancer, not Shaw, and she falls in love after having lunch with him. When Shaw gets drunk on opening night, Johnny steps in and saves the show with a brilliant performance, though he lets King think that he did it himself. Later on, Clare tells Shaw the truth. Right before the next show, Clare discovers Shaw drunk and Johnny becomes the permanent replacement. After the show, they find out that King had been pretending to be drunk so that Johnny could get the job. TCM Full synopsis<ref nameavg&sql=16:139589 Description ]"] ["Wonder Bar is set in a Parisian nightclub, with the stars playing the ‘regulars’ at the club. The movie revolves around two main story points, a romance and a more serious conflict with death, and several minor plots. All of the stories are enlivened from time to time by extravagant musical numbers. The more serious story revolves around Captain Von Ferring , a German military officer. Ferring has gambled on the stock market and lost, now broke after dozens of failed investments, he is at the Wonder Bar to try and pull a one night stand before killing himself the following day. Al Wonder  knows about Ferring's plan. Meanwhile, an elaborate romance is unfolding. The bar's central attraction is the Latin lounge dancing group led by Inez . Al Wonder has a secret attraction to Inez, who has a burning passion for Harry . However, Harry is two-timing her with Liane , who is married to the famous French banker Renaud . The story comes to a climax when Inez finds out that Harry and Liane plan to run away together and head to the United States. Inez, in a haze of jealousy, kills Harry. Subplots are much lighter in nature. They involve several drunken routines by two businessmen  and Al Wonder's various narrations as emcee of the floor show and manager of the club."] ['Irene Foster  tries to convince her high school sweetheart Broadway producer Robert Gordon ([[Robert Taylor  to give her chance to star in his new musical, but he is too busy with the rich widow  backing his show. Irene tries to show Gordon that she has the talent to succeed, but he will not hire her. Things become complicated when she begins impersonating a French dancer, not realizing that the dancer is the invention of a gossip columnist .'] ["Connie Ward  is a young woman who marries Bill Abbott , a trumpet player in Gene Morrison's  swing band . She soon finds herself at odds with the cattiness and petty jealousies of the other band members' spouses. Her discomfort is exacerbated by a flirtation between Abbott and Jaynie , the band's female vocalist. When Ward eventually walks out on Abbott, their split releases so many other tensions among the musicians and their wives, leader Morrison is forced to break up the orchestra. Ward and the band's pianist Sinjin  then work behind the scenes to reunite the band, which also produces a reconciliation between Ward and Abbot [with additional help from Connie's father ([[Grant Mitchell ]."] ['{{Plot}} In 1919, Terrance  and Molly  Donahue, a husband-and-wife vaudeville team known as the Donahues, pursue both a stable family life as well as success with their rendition of Midnight Train to Alabam. The kids Steve, Katy, and Tim join the act one by one, their act eventually becomes the Five Donahues. Molly persuades Terry to send them to a Catholic boarding school, but the youngsters continually try to run away. Terry and Molly buy a home in New Jersey for their brood, but when the Depression hits Terry and Molly are forced to take whatever jobs they can find. Eventually, movie theaters come to their rescue by providing live stage entertainment, and the Donahues are back to performing. In 1937, Tim graduates from high school, and the act becomes the Five Donahues once again. The family is a success and have soon hit the top, thrilling audiences at New York\'s famed Hippodrome Theatre with an extravagant multi-themed performance of "Alexander\'s Ragtime Band". One night after a show, a worried Molly and Terry return home alone while Katy goes out on a date, Steve takes a walk, and the womanizing Tim goes out with an older chorus girl. Katy and Tim both wind up at a nightclub, Gallagher\'s Golden Pheasant Room, where Tim teases Victoria Hoffman,  a hatcheck girl about the unnatural elocution her singing teacher has instructed her to practice. Vicky forgets Tim\'s wisecracks though, when Eddie, her agent, informs her that he has persuaded famed producer Lew Harris to visit the club. With the help of her co-workers, Vicky gets onstage and impresses Lew and Tim with her singing After You Get What You Want, . Backstage, Vicky learns that Tim is one of the well known Donahues but quickly dismisses him in order to talk business with Harris. Back at the Donahue home, Molly and Terry welcome Katy and then Steve, who informs his family that he wants to become a priest. Terry is distraught over his son\'s decision, but their discussion is interrupted by the appearance of Tim, who got drunk after he was dismissed by Vicky. Escorting Tim upstairs to sleep it off and nearly drowning him by dunking his head into a large sink to sober him up, Molly worries aloud if he hasn\'t bitten off more than he can chew. Tim goes to sleep and Molly heads downstairs to deal with Katy being out all night, with her six-dollar and twenty-cent cab ride home, and with Steve\'s decision to become a priest.  Katy tells her father not to be so shocked and disappointed, because maybe Steve could end up a cardinal. Wailing in frustration, Terry tells the family that the only cardinal he wants in his family is one who plays ball for St. Louis . Later, having accepted Steve\'s choice, the family throws him a farewell party with songs, dances, and impressions, the centerpiece of which is a performance of their parents\' old Alabam\' act by Tim and Katy. Steve tells the assembly that he hopes everyone will come see his new act when it is worked up in the seminary over the next four years and follows this with an up-tempo jazz-influenced gospel tinged version of If You Believe after which Molly and the gang belt out a chorus of Remember. Molly is crying afterward and Terry is just about to, but they both understand that eventually the bird has to leave the nest and go out on his own. After the party, the rechristened Four Donahues accept an engagement in Miami. Upon arrival, Tim is thrilled to find that Vicky, now known as Vicky Parker, is also appearing there; however she is performing a considerably more sensual version of the same "Heat Wave" number as the family. After falling in complete lust with Vicky\'s performance, Tim gives his approval for her to perform the number without checking with the family beforehand. Vicky is a sensation and, although she gently shrugs off his proposals so that she can focus on her career, Tim falls in love with her as a result. Molly, still irate that Vicky "stole" her song, is further irritated upon learning that Harris is staging a Broadway revue around Vicky, and that Vicky wants Tim and Katy to join her without Molly and Terry. Realizing what a great opportunity this is, Terry persuades Molly to let the kids go and she agrees, on one condition. They have to take the four expensive Cuban costumes as well, originally intended for the family\'s version of the "Heat Wave" number they let Vicky perform instead. They all share a laugh, and soon Molly and Terry are performing on their own again while Tim and Katy rehearse with Vicky in New York. Katy begins dating Charlie Gibbs the show\'s tall and spare lyricist, and after Steve is ordained, he asks whether or not Steve can perform a small wedding ceremony in the near future. Shocked and annoyed, Katy demands to know whom Charlie plans to marry with her brother officiating, and Charlie tells her sweetly that she herself is the candidate. Having heard none of this in advance, Katy is pleasantly surprised and they set the date. Tim continues dating Vicky, but one night a wardrobe mistress passes in the hallway with a new dress, telling Vicky that Harris selected it as her opening statement. Feeling that the dress makes the most completely inappropriate opening statement not to mention being the most completely wrong shade of purple as well, she phones back to the club and postpones her dinner date with Tim in order to discuss the matter with Harris. The costume designer, a tall, spare haute-couture man chimes in, correcting her that the color is not purple; it\'s `heliotrope.\' Vicky angrily complains that no matter whether the dress is heliotrope, hydrangea, or petunia it\'s still the wrong shade of purple for her, not to mention the most completely unflattering style. Harris, equally annoyed, reminds Vicky that the dress cost $1400, and that\'s not heliotrope. Vicky loses track of time and stands Tim up, and Tim, mistakenly assuming that Vicky is having an affair with Harris, gets drunk and comes back to the theatre where he confronts Vicky about her supposed affair. She is stung by the accusation and annoyed that a fellow performer such as Tim, who was born to the business of performing, should chastise her for trying to follow her love of the theatre and doing whatever it takes to reach her goals. She denies his accusations but also spurns Tim in his drunken state. Tim leaves the theatre with one of the chorus girls, goes out and gets even more drunk, and becomes involved in a car accident. Molly and Terry learn of the accident just hours before opening night of the show for which Vicky and Katy have been rehearsing and Terry goes down to the hospital to confront Tim about his conduct. Tim rebuffs the advice, whereupon Terry slaps him across the face and storms out. In the meantime, Molly has gone down to the theatre to be with Katy in this trying time. Lew Harris is beside himself and trying to decide if he should postpone the opening, but Molly, who has been rehearsing extensively with Katy, convinces Harris that while she\'ll have to fake the dancing, a feat with which she\'s been getting away for decades, she can go on in Tim\'s place. After all is decided the show is a resounding success on opening night. The next day Terry and Molly go back to the hospital to pick up Tim but discover that he has vanished, leaving behind a note apologizing for his behavior. Molly and Terry are both heartbroken but decide to take action. While Molly continues to perform in the show, the Donahues hire private detectives to search for Tim, and they scour the clubs and bars of New York looking for him. After almost a year, Steve joins the Army as a chaplain, while Molly still blames Vicky for Tim\'s disappearance. When Molly tells Terry that the Donahues are being sought for a benefit performance at the Hippodrome before it is closed the following May, Terry shows no interest and instead disappears by train to search for Tim. During the montage, we see him reminisce about all the good times they shared with Tim. Months later, on the day of the benefit, Katy, who has become close friends with Vicky, arranges for her to share a dressing room with Molly. Annoyed at the arrangement, Molly begins to pack up and head upstairs for some peace and quiet, however, Katy not only tells her mother that she\'ll be doing nothing of the kind, but that she needs to apologize to Vicky for snubbing her at every turn for the past year. Incensed at this, Molly demands that Vicky speak up for herself about how true and deep her love is for Tim and Molly buys it.  Finally forgiving Vicky, Molly is also comforted by the arrival of Steve, who, after telling her that Vicky must be quite a girl for putting up with all Tim\'s shenanigans all this time, tells her not to lose hope. Molly agrees, telling Steve that she was wrong again. As Molly performs the title song, Steve and Katy watch from the wings; then Tim, wearing a US Navy uniform, appears behind them. Katy sees him first and takes him deeply into a silent embrace. His brother Steve follows and together they try to attract Molly\'s attention onstage, finally succeeding. Molly hesitates when she sees Tim but completes the number before running offstage to embrace her son. Tim tells her that he had to work things out for himself, and the family is finally complete when Terry joins them a few minutes later, having come to see the benefit after all. Thrilled to be reunited, the Five Donahues, with Vicky holding Tim\'s hand, go onstage and happily reprise a short encore of their version of "Alexander\'s Ragtime Band." The six principals then march down a flight of stairs out of view and a chorus of men and women all in multicolored flowing attire circle around the perimeter going up and down the stairs singing the title song. The six principals then come up on a platform in the middle thereof, adding their vocals to the chorus, and the film concludes with their finale.'] ["Janie Barlow  is a young dancer who is reduced to stripping in a burlesque show. Arrested for indecent exposure, she's bailed out by millionaire playboy Tod Newton , who was attracted to her while slumming at the theatre with his society pals. When she tries to get a part in a Broadway musical, Tod intercedes with director Patch Gallagher  to get her the job: he'll put his money into the show, if Janie is given a part in the chorus. Even though he needs the money, Patch is resistant, until he sees Janie dance and realizes her talent. When, after hard work and perseverance, Janie is elevated to the star's part &ndash; replacing Vivian Warner  &ndash; Tod is afraid he'll lose any chance of gaining her affection if she becomes a star, so he closes the show, and Janie, out of work, goes away with him. Patch starts rehearsals up again using his own money, and when Janie returns and finds out the Tod has deceived her and manipulated things behind the scenes, she dumps him and joins up with her new sweetheart, Patch, to put on the show, which is a smash hit."] ["Young horse trainer Sally  befriends Sonny  and Peter , who have been hired to look after a horse her family once owned. Concerned for the horse's well-being, she sneaks aboard a train taking the horse and its caretakers to New York City. En route she meets talent agent Steve Raleigh ([[Robert Taylor  who, impressed with her dancing and singing, sets her on the road to stardom and romance blossoms between the two. A subplot involves a boarding house for performers run by Sophie Tucker, who is trying to find a big break for young Judy Garland."] ['{{Expand section}} Judy Peabody saves an old man from drowning. He turns out to be Jerry Bates, "J.B." to his lawyer Curtis, "Pop" to Judy, who mistakenly believes the wealthy old-timer to be poor. Pop instructs his lawyer to reward Judy with everything her heart desires, anonymously. A hat check girl at New York\'s popular Stork Club nightclub, Judy\'s dream is for her bandleader boyfriend Danny to return home from the Marines so she can sing with his band. A letter from Curtis informs the young lady that she now has a brand new apartment, free of charge, and a line of credit at a fashionable department store, no strings attached. She promptly buys dresses and furs, without knowing the identity of her benefactor. Pop comes to the Stork Club to keep an eye on her. She lands him a job as a busboy, but that doesn\'t work out, so she invites Pop to share her apartment. Danny comes home, excited to see her until he sees the apartment, the clothes and the old man. Believing her to be a "kept" woman, he falls out of love with Judy. Billingsley is invited by Judy to hear the band. Impressed, he gives them a job at the club. Judy finally discovers that Pop is responsible for her new riches and is able to win back Danny\'s love.'] ['In 1912, Broadway star Don Hewes  is buying Easter presents for his sweetheart, starting with a hat and some flowers . He goes into a toy shop and buys a cuddly Easter rabbit, after persuading a young boy to part with it and buy a set of drums instead . Hewes takes the gifts to his dancing partner, Nadine Hale , who explains that she has an offer for a show that would feature her as a solo star. Don tries to change her mind and it looks as if he has succeeded , until Don\'s best friend, Johnny , turns up. Nadine reveals that she and Don are no longer a team and it becomes obvious that Nadine is attracted to Johnny. Angry, Don leaves to drown his sorrows at a bar. Johnny follows him and tries to persuade him to talk to Nadine, but to no avail; Don brags that he does not need Nadine and that he can make a star of the next dancer he meets. After Johnny leaves, he picks out one of the girls dancing on the stage, Hannah Brown , and tells her to meet him for rehearsal the next day. Hannah then performs a duet, singing a musical number with a member of the band  on trombone, "I Want to Go Back to Michigan." The next morning, Don tries to turn Hannah into a copy of Nadine, teaching her to dance the same way, buying her dresses in a similar style and giving her an "exotic" stage name, "Juanita." However, Hannah makes several mistakes at their first performance and the show is a fiasco. Hannah meets Johnny, who is instantly attracted to her and sings "A Fella With An Umbrella" while walking her to her rehearsal with Don. At the rehearsal, Don, realizing his mistake, decides to start over from scratch by creating routines more suited to Hannah\'s personality. Hannah sings "I Love A Piano" and she works out a dance routine with Don that proves much more successful than their earlier performance. The duo, now known as "Hannah & Hewes", are shown to be performing "Snookie-Ookums", "The Ragtime Violin", and "When That Midnight Choo-Choo Leaves For Alabam\'" in a montage of their performances. At an audition for Ziegfeld Follies, where they perform "Midnight Choo-Choo", they meet Nadine who is starring in the show. Hannah realizes that Nadine was Don\'s former dancing partner and demands to know if they were in love. Don hesitates and Hannah runs out of the rehearsal where she encounters Johnny. Later, Don meets Hannah back at the hotel and reveals that he turned down the Ziegfeld offer, believing that Hannah and Nadine do not belong in the same show. Johnny soon arrives and takes Hannah out for dinner at which, after a comical routine by the waiter, Johnny reveals that he has fallen in love with Hannah. While Hannah does like Johnny, she admits she is actually in love with Don; she also admits to deliberately making mistakes when they rehearse so she can be with him longer. She and Johnny continue to have a close friendship. Meanwhile, Nadine\'s show opens and Don goes to see it . He is the only member of the audience who seems unimpressed. Later on, Don goes to see Hannah and tell her that they will be starring in another show and invites her to dinner to celebrate. Hannah goes to dinner at Don\'s, only to have him suggest a dance rehearsal. She is immediately upset and turns to walk out, telling him that he\'s "nothing but a pair of dancing shoes" and that he doesn\'t see her as a woman, but as a dancing aid. Hannah is particularly annoyed that Don doesn\'t notice her new clothes and all the effort she has made for him. She tries to leave, but Don stops her and kisses her. Hannah then plays the piano and sings "It Only Happens When I Dance With You," after which Don realizes he is in love with Hannah and they embrace. The couple take part in a variety show, with a solo by Don  and then comes the most famous musical number in the film , in which Don and Hannah play a pair of street urchins with vivid imaginations. Don and Hannah go out to celebrate after the show and end up watching Nadine perform. Nadine is mad with jealousy when the audience gives Don and Hannah a round of applause as they come in. Nadine is the star dancer in "The Girl On The Magazine Cover." The song features an ingenious stage act, in which women appear against backdrops that look like the covers of contemporary magazines. Nadine herself appears on the cover of Harper\'s Bazaar. Afterwards, she insists that Don perform one of their old numbers with her for old times\' sake, as she tries to win Don back - "It Only Happens When I Dance With You ." When Don reluctantly agrees, Hannah becomes upset and runs out. She ends up at the bar where she and Don first met. There she pours out her troubles to Mike the bartender . Later, when Hannah returns to her apartment, she finds Don waiting for her. Don tries to explain that he was forced to dance with Nadine, but Hannah thinks Don used her to make Nadine jealous and win her back. Don tells Hannah he\'ll wait all night for her to forgive him, but just before Hannah opens the door, Don is kicked out of her building by the house detective. The next morning Hannah is telling Johnny about her and Don\'s misunderstanding. Johnny says if he loved someone he would let her know it, implying that Hannah should forget the argument and be with Don. Hannah realizes that Johnny is right and goes to meet Don for their date for the Easter Parade. Meanwhile, Don has been receiving various gifts at his apartment that morning, such as a rabbit and a new top hat, unaware that they\'re from Hannah. She arrives unexpectedly at his house, as if the argument never happened. Don is a little confused by this turn of events, but decides to go out with Hannah anyway. As they walk in the Easter parade, photographers, echoing a scene with Nadine from the beginning of the film, take their pictures and Don proposes to Hannah ([[Easter Parade .'] ['The plot involves the romances of musical comedy stars, set against the backstage hubbub of a Broadway revue. Anita Page and Bessie Love play a vaudeville sister act who have come to New York for their big break on Broadway. Charles King plays the song-and-dance man whose affection for one sister  is supplanted by his growing love for the younger, more beautiful sister . Queenie tries to protect her sister and derail the love triangle by dating a wealthy but unscrupulous "stage door Johnny." The movie opens with Eddie Kearns debuting “The Broadway Melody.” He tells some chorus girls he’s brought the Mahoney Sisters to New York to perform it with him in Francis Zanfield’s latest revue. Hank and Queenie Mahoney are awaiting Eddie’s arrival at their apartment. Hank, the older sister, prides herself on her business sense and talent while Queenie is lauded for her beauty. Hank is confident they will make it big while Queenie is less eager to put everything on the line to be stars. Their Uncle Jed arrives to tell them he’s gotten them a job with a 30-week traveling show. Hank tells him they’re not interested but he says he’ll give them time to think it over. Eddie, who is engaged to Hank, arrives and sees Queenie for the first time since she was a girl and is instantly taken with her. He tells them to come to rehearsal for Zanfield’s revue to present their act. Zanfield isn’t interested in it but says he might have a use for Queenie, who begs him to give Hank a part as well. She also convinces him to pretend Hank’s business skills won him over. Eddie witnesses this exchange and becomes even more enamored of Queenie for her devotion to her sister. During dress rehearsal for the revue Zanfield says the pacing is too slow for “The Broadway Melody” and cuts Hank and Queenie from the number. Meanwhile, another girl is injured after falling off a prop and Queenie is selected to replace her. Nearly everyone is captivated by Queenie, particularly notorious playboy Jacques “Jock” Warriner. While Jock begins to woo Queenie, Hank is upset that Queenie is building her success on her looks rather than her talent. Over the next couple weeks Queenie spends a lot of time with Jock, of which Hank and Eddie fervently disapprove. They forbid her to see him, which results in Queenie pushing them away and deterioration of the relationship between the sisters. Queenie is only with Jock to fight growing feelings for Eddie, but Hank thinks she’s setting herself up to be hurt. Eventually, Eddie and Queenie confess their love for each other but Queenie, unwilling to break her sister’s heart, runs off to Jock once again. Hank, after witnessing Queenie’s fierce outburst toward Eddie and his devastated reaction to it, finally realizes they are in love. She berates Eddie for letting Queenie run away and tells him to go after her. She claims to never have loved him and that she’d only been using him to advance her career. After he leaves she breaks down and alternates between sobs and hysterical laughter. She composes herself enough to call Uncle Jed to accept the job with the 30-week show. There’s a raucous party at the apartment Jock had recently purchased for Queenie but he insists they spend time alone. When she resists his advances he says it’s the least she could do after all he’s done for her. He begins to get physical but Eddie bursts in and attempts to fight Jock, who knocks him through the door with one punch. Queenie runs to Eddie and leaves Jock and the party behind. Sometime later, Hank and Uncle Jed await the arrival of Queenie and Eddie from their honeymoon. The relationship between the sisters is on the mend but there is obvious discomfort between Hank and Eddie. Queenie announces she’s through with show business and will settle down in their new house on Long Island. She insists that Hank lives with them when her job is over. After Hank leaves with her new partner and Uncle Jed, Queenie laments the fact that her sister hasn’t found the happiness she deserves. The final scene is of a distraught Hank on her way to the train station.'] ['John Cardwell , a trombone player, is only one of a large group of unemployed musicians. He tries unsuccessfully to gain an interview and audition with Leopold Stokowski, but not to disappoint his daughter, Patricia  , he tells her that he has managed to get the job with Stokowski\'s orchestra. Patsy soon learns the truth, and also learns that her father, desperate for rent money, has used some of the cash in a Lady\'s evening bag he has found, to pay his debts. The irrepressible and wilful Patsy seeks an interview with Mrs Frost, whose bag it was, and admits her father\'s actions. Mrs Frost , a society matron and wife of rich radio station owner John R Frost , lightheartedly offers to sponsor an orchestra of unemployed musicians. Taking her at her word, Patsy and her father recruit 100 musicians, rent a garage space and start to rehearse. Realising that Patsy took her seriously, Mrs Frost flees to Europe. Mr Frost tells John and his friends that he will not sponsor them, as they had supposed, unless they can attract a well-recognised guest conductor to give them a \'name\' and launch them on their opening night. Patsy, undaunted, sets out to recruit none other than Leopold Stokowski to be that conductor. Stokowski at first definitely refuses—though when Patsy sings as the orchestra is rehearsing Mozart\'s "Alleluia" from Exsultate, jubilate, he strongly suggests that she seek professional voice training and eventual representation. By mistake, Patsy conveys the story to a newspaper music critic that Stokowski will conduct an orchestra of unemployed musicians, and that John R. Frost would broadcast the concert on the radio. When the story breaks, Frost protests his embarrassment to his friends, but they suggest valuable publicity would result. Frost immediately signs the one-hundred-man orchestra to a contract, though Patsy tries to tell them that Stokowski has not agreed. Stokowski is astonished and offended at the news, but Patsy enters Stokowski\'s palatial house surreptitiously, along with the entire orchestra. She apologises to him, and insists that he listen to the players. The conductor is so moved by their performance of Liszt\'s Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2 that he postpones a European tour and agrees to the engagement. The concert is a rousing success for everyone, especially when Patsy, called upon to make a speech, instead agrees to sing the "Brindisi"  from Verdi\'s opera La traviata.'] ['The son of a highly respected music professor, Florenz "Flo" Ziegfeld, Jr.  yearns to make his mark in show business. He begins by promoting Eugen Sandow , the "world\'s strongest man", at the 1893 Chicago World\'s Fair, overcoming the competition of rival Billings  and his popular attraction, belly dancer Little Egypt, with savvy marketing . Later, on an ocean liner to England, Flo runs into Billings again and discovers that he is on his way to sign a beautiful French star, Anna Held , to a contract. Despite losing all his money gambling at Monte Carlo, Flo charms Anna into signing with him instead. At first, Anna is not a success. However, Flo manages to generate publicity by sending many gallons of milk to Anna every day for a fictitious milk bath beauty treatment, then refusing to pay the bill. The newspaper stories soon bring the curious to pack his theater. Flo and Anna then get married. However, one success is not enough for the showman. He has an idea for an entirely new kind of show, one that will "glorify" the American woman. Thus, the Ziegfeld Follies is born, a lavish production filled with beautiful women. This makes Anna very nervous, as she is still performing in her own show and will be unable to keep an eye on her husband. It is a smash hit, and is followed by more versions of the Follies. Soon Flo hires Fanny Brice  away from vaudeville and gives stagehand Ray Bolger  his break as well. He also tries to make a star out of Audrey Dane , but alcoholism turns out to be her downfall. However, a short time before, Anna becomes jealous of the attention Flo pays to Audrey and divorces Flo. Afterward, Flo meets Broadway star Billie Burke  and marries her. When she hears the news, a heartbroken Anna telephones Flo and pretends to be glad for him. Flo and Billie eventually have a daughter named Patricia. Flo has more hits, but after a while, the public\'s taste changes, and people begin to wonder if the times have not passed him by. Stung, he vows to have four hits on Broadway at the same time. He achieves his goal - one of those four hits being Show Boat  - but then the stock market crash of 1929 bankrupts him, forcing Billie to go back on the stage. Shaken by the reversal of his financial fortunes and the growing popularity of movies over live stage shows, he becomes seriously ill. In the final scene, in a half-delirium, he recalls scenes from several of his hits, exclaiming, "I\'ve got to have more steps", a remark he made several times when examining the set designs of his Ziegeld Follies, before slumping over dead in his chair.'] [' Stage and screen star Tony Hunter, a veteran of musical comedy, is concerned that his career might be in decline. His good friends Lester and Lily Marton have written a stage show that they believe is perfect for his comeback. Tony signs up, despite misgivings after the director, Jeffrey Cordova, changes the light comedy into a dark reinterpretation of the Faust legend, with himself as the Devil and Tony as the Faust character. Tony also feels intimidated by the youth, beauty, and classical background of his female co-star, noted ballerina Gabrielle "Gaby" Gerard. Unbeknownst to him, she is just as insecure in his presence, awed by his long stardom. Eventually, it all proves too much for Tony. He walks out, but Gaby speaks with him alone and they work out their differences. They also begin to fall in love, though she already has a commitment to the show\'s choreographer Paul Byrd. When the first out-of-town tryout in New Haven proves to be a disaster, Tony persuades Jeffrey to let him convert the production back into what the Martons had originally envisioned. Tony takes charge of the production, taking the show on tour to perfect the new lighthearted musical numbers. Since the original backers have walked out, Tony finances it by selling his personal art collection. Byrd walks out, but Gaby remains. The revised show proves to be a hit on its Broadway opening. Afterwards, Gaby lets Tony know how she feels about him.'] ['Gary Blake  stars in a new show, On the Avenue, with Mona Merrick . The show contains a satire on "The Richest Girl in the World", Mimi Carraway . Mimi and her father  are in the audience on opening night and they feel insulted. She goes backstage and tries to get Gary to take the skit out of the show. He refuses and calls her a "bad sport". Shocked by the remark, Mimi decides to make a date with Gary. They spend the entire evening together and, by morning, have fallen in love. He finally agrees to revise the skit so it can no longer hurt the Carraways. Mona is in love with Gary and is furious when she hears about Gary\'s date with Mimi. When the Carraways appear to see the revised sketch, she changes it, without Gary\'s knowledge, making it worse than before. The Carraways decide to file suit against Gary. To get back at him, Mimi buys the show from the producer and embarrasses Gary by hiring a paid audience to walk out on the show. Word leaks out to the press and Gary is now the laughingstock of New York. Furious, he tears up his contract, refusing to work with Mimi. Soon, Mimi becomes engaged to Arctic explorer Frederick Sims . On her wedding day, Mona arrives and tells Mimi that it was she, not Gary, who changed the skit. She runs out on the wedding and is taken to city hall with Gary to be married. The movie\'s action is interspersed with songs from the play, including Berlin\'s songs "He Ain\'t Got Rhythm," and "Let\'s Go Slumming On Park Avenue."'] ["Judith Poe Wells is a would-be playwright who has almost no money. As a result of ordering a meal in a restaurant where she cannot afford to pay, she meets George Macrae, a musical writer with a lot of power. He offers her play North Winds to producer Sam Woods. He knows it isn't any good, but he has fallen in love with her and does it to win her over."] [' It is 1932, during the early days of the Depression, and Broadway producers Jones  and Barry  put on Pretty Lady, a musical starring beautiful Dorothy Brock . Brock is involved with industrialist Abner Dillon , who is the show\'s "angel" . But while she is busy keeping Dillon both hooked and at arm\'s length, she still secretly meets her old vaudeville partner and lover, the out-of-work Pat Denning . To ensure success Julian Marsh , who is the best, is hired to direct. But Marsh is ill, destitute, friendless, and bitter as a result of the 1929 Stock Market Crash. "Did you ever try to cash a reputation in a bank?" he asks the producers who are surprised to hear his desperation. Gambling with health and life, Marsh must make his last show a major hit and financial success if he is to have enough money to retire on. "This time I\'m going to sock it away so hard you\'ll have to blast to get it out" he says after signing up to direct, referring to his financial situation. Cast selection and rehearsals begin amidst fierce competition, with not a few "casting couch" innuendos flying around. Naïve newcomer Peggy Sawyer , who arrives in New York from her home in Allentown, Pennsylvania, is duped and ignored until two chorines, Lorraine Fleming  and Ann "Anytime Annie" Lowell , take her under their wing. Lorraine has an "in" with dance director Andy Lee , while the show\'s juvenile lead Billy Lawler  takes a liking to Peggy and puts in a good word for her with Marsh. Rehearsals continue for five weeks to Marsh\'s complete dissatisfaction, until the night before the opening in Philadelphia when Brock fractures her ankle. Next morning Abner Dillon wants Marsh to cast his new interest, Annie Lowell, as the star. Annie decides she is not talented enough but tells Marsh that the untried, green, Peggy Sawyer is. With 200 jobs and his own financial and personal future riding on the outcome, Marsh rehearses Sawyer mercilessly  until an hour before curtain time on the night of the premiere Brock, soon to be married to Pat, arrives and wishes Peggy luck, and the show is on. Nearly twenty minutes are devoted to three Busby Berkeley production numbers: Shuffle Off to Buffalo, Keep Young and Healthy, and the title song 42nd Street. The show is a success, and in the final scene Marsh turns wearily away from the brightly lit theatre entrance and slumps down on a fire escape as theatre-goers depart praising the musical.Filmsite.org 42nd Street In the original Bradford Ropes novel, Julian Marsh and Billy Lawler are lovers. Since this sort of relationship was deemed unacceptable to audiences of the era, an invented romance was created for Billy and Peggy. {{multiple image}}'] ['Set in the Roaring Twenties, the story centers on Nanette Carter, a Westchester socialite with show business aspirations. She offers to invest $25,000 in a Broadway show if her boyfriend, producer Larry Blair, casts her in the starring role. What she doesn\'t realize is Larry is two-timing her with ingenue Beatrice Darcy, who he envisions as the lead. When he accepts Nanette\'s offer, she imposes upon her wealthy, penny-pinching uncle, J. Maxwell Bloomhaus, to lend her the money. He\'s willing to do so, on one condition - for the next 24 hours, his niece must answer "no" to every question she\'s asked. Comic complications ensue when the cast arrives at Nanette\'s estate to rehearse, and composer and pianist Jimmy Smith, who has romantic designs on the girl, falls victim to the bet she\'s made with her uncle. Nanette wins, only to discover Uncle Max has lost all his money in the stock market crash. The only person still solvent is attorney William Early, and Nanette\'s assistant Pauline Hastings sets out to charm him into backing the show.'] ['Mild-mannered Professor Hobart Frisbee  and his fellow academics, among them Professor Magenbruch , are writing a musical encyclopedia. When they discover that there is some new popular music that is called jazz, swing, boogie woogie or rebop introduced by two window washers Buck and Bubbles. The professors become entangled in the problems of night club singer Honey Swanson . She needs a place to hide out from the police, who want to question her about her gangster boyfriend Tony Crow . She invites herself into their sheltered household, over Frisbee\'s objections. While there, she introduces them to the latest in jazz, with which they are unfamiliar, giving the film an excuse to feature many of the best musicians of the era. The songs they play include "A Song Is Born", "Daddy-O", "I\'m Getting Sentimental Over You", "Flying Home", and "Redskin Rumba". Eventually, Tony comes by to collect Honey, but by that time, she and Hobart have fallen in love. And the finale, of course, is not decided by guns but by music, its resonance and reverberation.'] ['The film is a musical with a slim plot, involving theater producers  staging a wartime charity program, only to have the production taken over by their egotistical star . Meanwhile, an aspiring singer  and his songwriter girlfriend  conspire to get into the charity program by replacing Cantor with their look-alike friend, tour bus driver Joe Simpson . Many of Warner Brothers stars performed in musical numbers, including several who were not known as singers. The film features the only screen musical numbers ever done by Bette Davis, Errol Flynn, Olivia de Havilland, and Ida Lupino. Each of the cast members was paid a $50,000 fee for their appearance which was then donated to the Hollywood Canteen.Spada . p.194 The film was popular with audiences, and the critic James Agee called it "the loudest and most vulgar of the current musicals. It is also the most fun."Ringgold, Gene, The Films of Bette Davis, Cadillac Publishing Co., 1966, p.123 Ticket sales combined with the donated salaries of the performers raised more than two million dollars for the Hollywood CanteenSpada, James, More Than a Woman, Little, Brown and Company, 1993, ISBN 0-316-90880-0 p 195'] 