['"Crash" Davis, a veteran of 12 years in the minor leagues, is sent down to the single-A  Bulls for a specific purpose: to educate hotshot rookie pitcher Ebby LaLoosh  {{cite news}} about being a major-league talent, and to control Ebby\'s haphazard pitching. Crash immediately begins calling Ebby by the degrading nickname of "Meat", and they get off to a rocky start. Thrown into the mix is Annie , a lifelong spiritual seeker who latched onto the "Church of Baseball" and has, every year, chosen one player on the Bulls to be her lover and student. Annie flirts with Crash and Ebby, but Crash walks out, saying he\'s too much a veteran to "try out" for anything. Before he leaves, Crash further sparks Annie\'s interest with a memorable speech in which he lists the things he "believes in" ending in the phase "I believe in long, slow, soft, deep wet kisses that last three days...Good night". Despite some animosity between them, Annie and Crash work, in their own ways, to shape Ebby into a big-league pitcher. Annie plays mild bondage games, reads poetry to him, and gets him to think in different ways . Crash forces Nuke to learn "not to think" by letting the catcher make the pitching calls , and lectures him about the pressure in facing major league hitters who can hit his "heat" . Crash also talks about the pleasure of life in "The Show" , which he briefly lived for "the 21 greatest days of my life" and to which he has tried for years to return. Meanwhile, as Nuke matures, the relationship between Annie and Crash grows, until it becomes obvious that the two of them are a more appropriate match, except for the fact that Annie and Nuke are currently a couple. After a rough start, Nuke becomes a dominant pitcher by mid-season. By the end of the movie, Nuke is called up to the majors and the Bulls, now having no use for his mentor, release Crash. This incites jealous anger in Crash, who is frustrated by Nuke\'s failure to recognize all the talent he was blessed with. Nuke leaves for the big leagues, ending his relationship with Annie, and Crash overcomes his jealousy to leave Nuke with some final words of advice. Crash is released by the Bulls and joins another team, the Asheville Tourists, and breaks the minor league record for career home runs. We see Nuke one last time, being interviewed by the press as a major leaguer, reciting the clichéd answers that Crash had taught him earlier. Crash then retires as a player and returns to Durham, where Annie tells him she\'s ready to give up her annual affairs with "boys". Crash tells her that he is thinking about becoming a manager for a minor league team in Visalia. Both characters end one phase of their lives and begin another, Annie and Crash dancing in her candle-lit living room.'] ['Stan Ross  was a Milwaukee Brewers baseball star. After recording his 3,000th hit the selfish, narcissistic Ross immediately retired, leaving the team without one of its star players in the middle of the 1995 playoff race. During the next nine years Ross used his nickname as a business tool, owning several profitable properties under the name "Mr. 3000" that made him a rich man. The Brewers retire Ross\' number several years after his retirement. Although many fans came to the ceremony, other players, including teammates and fellow stars Robin Yount, Paul Molitor, and Cecil Cooper, stayed away. Only his best friend and a middle relief pitcher from his early days in the majors attend, and the ex-pitcher mocks Ross\' attitude. Ross learns that, due to a clerical error, he retired with 2,997 hits instead of 3,000. The error also partially contributes to Ross not being voted into the Baseball Hall of FameVoters have elected all eligible  players with 3,000 or more hits to the Hall of Fame, except for controversial player Rafael Palmeiro. and makes his "Mr. 3000" marketing gimmick inaccurate. Ross seeks to return to the game at the age of 47 to get three more hits, secure his place in the record books, and keep his local post-career marketing gimmick intact. The Brewers\' upper management, citing the large attendance at Ross\' number retirement ceremony and the fact that the Brewers are out of playoff contention, agrees to bring Ross back during the September roster expansion. The team\'s younger players only know of Ross as a self-centered player and team superstar Rex "T-Rex" Pennebaker , who is pompous and arrogant like Ross, sees him as unneeded and too old to play. Manager Gus Panas  refuses to speak to Ross because of his abrupt retirement, and the sportswriters continually criticize him. Despite his predictions to the contrary Ross struggles to regain his baseball form, but slowly earns two more hits. Ross becomes a mentor to the younger players and urges Pennebaker to learn from his own mistakes as a star, inspiring the Brewers to a late-season comeback and a respectable finish. In his last at-bat of the season, Ross has a vision of his earlier years where he was considered always dependable for the team, which inspires him to bunt instead so the team can finish third in its division. Although Ross never reaches the "3,000" milestone, his newfound generosity and attitude gets him inducted into the Hall of Fame. As the movie ends, Ross renames all of his businesses that bear the name "Mr. 3,000" to "Mr. 2,999", which are now more successful.'] ['Morris Buttermaker , an alcoholic and former minor-league baseball player, is recruited by a city councilman and attorney who filed a lawsuit against an ultra-competitive Southern California Little League which excluded the least skilled athletes  from playing. In order to settle the lawsuit, the league agrees to add an additional team - the Bears - which is composed of the worst players. Buttermaker becomes the coach of the unlikely team, which includes  a near-sighted pitcher, an overweight catcher, a foulmouthed shortstop with a Napoleon complex, an outfielder who dreams of emulating his idol Hank Aaron, two non-English-speaking exchange students, a withdrawn  boy named Timmy Lupus, and a motley collection of other "talent". Shunned by the more competitive teams , the Bears are the outsiders. They play their opening game, and do not even record an out, giving up 26 runs before Buttermaker forfeits the game. Realizing the team is nearly hopeless, he recruits a couple of unlikely prospects: First up, is sharp-tongued Amanda Whurlizer , a skilled pitcher  who is the 12-year-old daughter of one of Buttermaker\'s ex-girlfriends. At first, she tries to convince Buttermaker that she has given up baseball, but then she reveals that she had been practicing "on the sly". Before agreeing to join the team, Amanda makes a number of outlandish demands  as conditions for joining. Upon hearing her demands, Buttermaker asks, "Who do you think you are, Catfish Hunter?" Amanda responds by asking, "Who\'s he?" Rounding out the team, Buttermaker recruits the "best athlete in the area," who also happens to be the local cigarette-smoking, loan-sharking, Harley-Davidson-riding troublemaker, Kelly Leak . With Whurlizer and Leak on board, the team starts gaining more confidence, and the Bears start winning games. Eventually, the unlikely Bears make it to the championship game opposite the top-notch Yankees, who are coached by aggressive, competitive Roy Turner . As the game progresses, tensions are ratcheted up as Buttermaker and Turner engage in shouting matches, directing their players to become increasingly more ruthless and competitive against each other, going as far as fighting, spiking on slide, or the batter getting hit on purpose. The turnaround point of the game comes after a heated exchange between Turner\'s son  Joey  and the Bears at-bat catcher Engelberg . Turner orders his son to walk Engelberg, the only Bears hitter he cannot overcome, despite Joey\'s wish to give it a try. In response, Joey intentionally throws a wild beanball nearly striking Engelberg in the head. Horrified, Turner goes to the mound and slaps his son. On the next pitch, Engelberg hits a routine ground ball back to Joey who exacts revenge against his father by holding the ball until Engelberg has an inside the park home run. Joey then leaves the game dropping the ball at his father\'s feet. Buttermaker - realizing that he has become as competitive as Turner - puts the benchwarmers on the field, thus giving everyone a chance to play. In spite of this, the finish-up brings up the best team-play from the Bears. After loading the bases with smart tactics  they nearly recover a four run difference, with the last runner getting taken out at the last moment. After having narrowly lost the game 7 to 6, Buttermaker gives the team free rein of his beer cooler. Although they did not win the championship, they have the satisfaction of having come a long way. The condescending Yankees congratulate the Bears telling them that although they are still not that good, they have "guts." Tanner, the shortstop, replies by telling the Yankees where they can put their trophy. The Bears cheer and Timmy Lupus overcomes his chronic shyness enough to yell "Wait \'til next year!", then they spray their beers all over each other. The movie ends with a field celebration that makes it look as if they won the game.'] ['Small-time promoter/hustler Marvin Lazar  sees a potential money-making venture in the Bears that will help him to pay off his debts. After seeing a TV spot about the Bears, he decides to chaperone the baseball team for a trip to Japan in their match against the country\'s best little league baseball team. As implied in Breaking Training, the Bears had to defeat the Houston Toros for a shot at the Japanese champs. In the process, the trip sparks off a series of adventures and mishaps for the boys. A subplot involves Kelly Leak\'s interest in a local Japanese girl, and the cultural divide that comes to bear in that relationship. About half of the original or "classic" lineup of Bears players return . Three new players are featured: E.R.W. Tillyard III, Abe Bernstein and Ahmad\'s younger brother, Mustapha Rahim.'] ['{{plot}}  A young Roy Hobbs plays baseball with his father on the family farm. Roy\'s father dies suddenly under a tree. That tree is split in half by lightning, and Roy carves a baseball bat from it. He burns a lightning bolt on the barrel and calls it Wonderboy. In 1923, a 19-year old Hobbs  is granted a tryout by the Chicago Cubs as a pitcher. The train to Chicago makes a stop at a carnival and Roy is challenged to strike out "The Whammer" , the top hitter in the major leagues. He does so in front of many people, including a sportswriter named Max Mercy , who draws a picture of the event. Back on the train, the naive Hobbs is seduced by Harriet Byrd , an alluring woman, who gravitates to him after judging that he, rather than The Whammer, is now the best baseball player in the world. Byrd lures Hobbs to a hotel room, shoots him, and then jumps out the window to her death. It is later revealed that Byrd kills rising athletes, having already murdered two others. The story skips forward to 1939. The New York Knights have signed the now 35-year-old Hobbs to a contract, to the ire of the team\'s manager and co-owner, Pop Fisher . With the Knights mired in last-place, Pop is angry about being saddled with a "middle-aged rookie" and refuses to even let him participate in team practice. After a showdown in which Roy is told he is to be sent back to the minors, Pop relents. During the next game, the team\'s star player, "Bump" Bailey , angers Pop and Roy is sent to pinch hit. Pop encourages Hobbs to "knock the cover off the ball", which Hobbs literally does, providing the game-winning hit in a rain-shortened game. After Bump dies running through the outfield fence in pursuit of a fly ball in a subsequent game, Roy takes over as the team\'s starting right fielder and plays phenomenally, becoming the league\'s sensation and single-handedly turning the Knights\' fortunes around. Hobbs\' success prompts Mercy to try to unearth details about his background, but Hobbs is uncooperative. Mercy starts a rumor that Wonderboy is a loaded bat, but the allegation is disproven when the league weighs and measures the bat, which meets specifications. Roy is soon summoned to a meeting with the principal owner of the Knights, The Judge . Beforehand, Pop\'s assistant, Red , informs Roy that The Judge has an interest in the team losing, since Pop is obligated to sell his share to The Judge if the Knights fail to win the National League pennant. To ensure that result, The Judge had ordered his chief scout to stock the roster with unknown players like Hobbs. The Judge inquires about Roy\'s background but is rebuffed. The Judge then offers him a new contract as an implicit bribe to throw the season, but Hobbs makes it clear he is committed to winning the pennant. Gambler Gus Sands  and The Judge devise a plan to manipulate him: Memo Paris , Pop\'s niece, and Bump\'s former girlfriend, is sent to seduce Roy. Mercy sees Roy pitch to a teammate after practice one day and finally realizes where he had seen Hobbs before. He confronts Roy with the cartoon he drew after Roy struck out The Whammer and offers him $5,000 for his story, but Roy is not interested. At dinner, Mercy introduces Roy to Gus and Memo. Memo and Roy begin seeing each other regularly. Despite warnings from Pop that his niece is "bad luck," he continues the relationship, and soon falls into a slump. At Wrigley Field in Chicago, Hobbs comes to bat in the top of the ninth with the Knights trailing by one run with a man on third. With two strikes, he sees a woman in white stand up in the crowd, illuminated by sunlight, and he promptly hits a game-winning home run that shatters the scoreboard clock. After the game, Roy realizes the woman in white is his childhood sweetheart, Iris , and they meet at a soda shop. She attends the next day\'s game, at which Hobbs hits four home runs. Later, they go for a walk and Roy confides his shooting and how he lost his way in life. Iris is sympathetic and they return to her apartment for tea. Roy notices a baseball glove, which Iris informs him belongs to her 16-year old son. Roy wonders where his father is and Iris says he lives in New York. Roy is curious to meet the boy but Iris tells him he should leave. With Hobbs hitting again, the Knights surge into first place, needing just one win in their final three games against the Philadelphia Phillies to clinch the pennant. Against Pop\'s advice, a victory party is held at Memo\'s, where Roy again refuses a payoff from Gus. Memo feeds Roy a poisoned éclair, causing him to fall ill. Roy awakens in a hospital bed a few days later and learns that the Knights lost their last three games, setting up a one-game playoff against the Pittsburgh Pirates for the pennant. The doctor informs Roy that his stomach lining has been deteriorating due to his gunshot injury, which was discovered when they recovered the silver bullet while pumping Roy\'s stomach. Hobbs is warned that his stomach could tear apart and kill him if he continues to play ball. Memo visits Roy in the hospital and encourages him to accept Gus\' payoff. Roy later sneaks out of the hospital to take batting practice, but collapses after a few swings. Later that night, The Judge appears at Roy\'s bedside and increases his offer, even though he doesn\'t think Roy is in any condition to play. Hobbs refuses and The Judge threatens to ruin Roy\'s image by releasing photographs from the shooting, which were obtained from Mercy. The Judge also informs Roy that he has a contingency plan in place, having bribed another key player on the team. The day before the game, Iris visits Roy, who still blames himself for failing to achieve his full potential in baseball. Iris insists he\'s a great player anyway, but Roy responds that he could have been "the best there ever was." Roy asks whether her son is in New York with her and whether they will be attending the game. She says he is, but leaves before answering the second question. The day of the game, Hobbs goes to The Judge\'s office and returns The Judge\'s money. Memo fires a gun at the floor. Roy takes the gun from her and recognizes her similarity to Harriet Byrd. As Hobbs walks out, Gus predicts the Knights will lose. Hobbs heads to the locker room, where a nervous Pop is shaving. They converse briefly. Pop tells Roy he\'s the best player he\'s ever coached and the best hitter he ever saw, and tells him to suit up. Roy, injured and rusty, strikes out in his first at-bat. The Pirates take the lead when the Knights\' starting pitcher, Fowler, surrenders a two-run homer. Realizing Fowler is the player The Judge bribed, Hobbs goes to the mound and tells him not to throw the game. Fowler replies he\'ll start pitching when Roy starts hitting. In his next at-bat, Hobbs strikes out again, falling to the ground. Iris, sitting in the stands with her son, goes down to the railing and asks an usher to deliver a message to Roy. The message says she and her son are at the game and Roy is the boy\'s father. Shocked, Roy peers out from the dugout but cannot see them. In the bottom of the ninth, the Knights are still trailing 2-0 and are down to their final out. After the next two batters reach base, Hobbs comes up and the Pirates bring in a young, hard-throwing, left-handed pitcher. Hobbs fouls the first pitch back, breaking the glass to the press box, where Mercy had been sketching a cartoon of Roy as a goat. Hobbs swings through the next pitch. Down to his last strike, he hits what looks like a home run down the right field line, but the ball hooks foul. At the plate, he sees that Wonderboy is broken. The batboy brings him his own handmade bat, the Savoy Special, which Roy had helped him make. The catcher notices blood on Hobbs\' jersey, and calls for an inside fastball to exploit Roy\'s injury. With lightning flashing in the sky, Hobbs sends the ball into the lights above right field for the game- and pennant-winning home run. The lights explode and sparks rain down on the field as Hobbs rounds the bases. The screen fades to a wheat field bathed in sunlight, with Hobbs playing catch with his son as Iris watches.'] ['Last season, the Cleveland Indians won the division title by beating the New York Yankees in a one-game playoff, but they were defeated in the ALCS by the Chicago White Sox. The success of last season has changed the attitudes of the Indians. Pitching sensation Ricky "Wild Thing" Vaughn  is now a bland yuppie concerned about his endorsement potential, causing him to lose the edge on his fastball. Home run hitter Pedro Cerrano  underwent a spiritual conversion, from aggressive voodoo to placid Buddhism, which affects his competitive spirit. Conceited player Roger Dorn  retired and bought the team from Rachel Phelps . Aging catcher Jake Taylor  has also retired to become one of the coaches who work for manager Lou Brown . And Willie Mays Hayes  is still as fast as ever, but he has added some power to his hitting and a sprained knee from performing stunts in his new movie. However, Dorn signs arrogant power hitting catcher Jack Parkman  as an offseason free agent, and minor league catcher Rube Baker  makes the team out of spring training, despite his throwing problem. The Indians get off to another slow start, as egos clash. The signing of Jack Parkman has put Dorn in a financially tough spot, as well as putting a strain on the clubhouse, so Dorn trades Parkman to the Chicago White Sox, the team that defeated the Indians in the playoffs last season, keeping them from the World Series. In return, the Indians receive Isuro "Kamikaze" Tanaka , a gifted left fielder with a penchant for crashing into the walls. Dorn, still short on money, sells the team back to Rachel, but is retained as General Manager. He then announces his comeback to the majors and returns to the team, but cannot regain his former form. Rachel sees this as an opportunity to get revenge on the Indians for what happened last season, so she tries to find ways to make them have a losing season this time. When Lou has a heart attack, he gets Jake to take over as the Indians\' interim manager. Baker and Tanaka aid Hayes and Cerrano  regain their competitiveness, and the Indians begin to win again. A notable turning point to the season comes after an emotional victory in Game 2 of a double-header against the Boston Red Sox. The Indians clinch the division on the last game of the year against the Toronto Blue Jays, giving the team their second consecutive division title. They go on to face the Chicago White Sox in the ALCS. The Indians take a 3-0 lead in the ALCS against the White Sox, but in the next three games Jack Parkman scorches the Indians forcing a Game 7. In Game 7, Vaughn finds the "Wild Thing," and retires Parkman for the final out, as the Indians would go on to defeat the White Sox sending them to the World Series.'] ['Roger Dorn  is now the owner of the Minnesota Twins. Aging minor league pitcher Gus Cantrell , who plays for the Fort Myers Miracle, is planning to retire. Then, Roger recruits Gus to be the manager of the South Carolina Buzz, the Twins AAA minor league affiliate.  Gus\'s mission is to make a real team out of a bunch of players who include ballet dancer turned ballplayer Lance "The Dance" Pere , Frank "Pops" Morgan , Rube Baker , Taka Tanaka , Pedro Cerrano , pitcher Hog Ellis , home run hitter Billy "Downtown" Anderson , and pitcher Carlton "Doc" Windgate  who throws the slowest fastball in the minors. Gus ends up clashing with Leonard Huff , the snobby manager of the Twins. One night in Minnesota, Gus and his fiancee Maggie Reynolds  are having dinner with Roger and Huff at an expensive-looking restaurant, where Huff challenges Gus to a game between the Buzz and the Twins, then Huff starts a fight with Gus, and Gus accepts the challenge. The game is scheduled to take place at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in Minnesota. The Twins take a 3-0 lead in the 6th inning, but Billy hits a home run that ties the game at 3-3 in the 8th inning. But in the bottom of the 9th inning, with two outs, while the Twins are up to bat, and Doc is one strike away from striking out home run hitter Carlos Liston , Huff has the stadium\'s lights turned off so the game can end with a tie rather than give the Buzz a chance to win in extra innings. However, the media says that the Twins were still outplayed by the Buzz. Huff now wants to bring Billy up to the Twins, even though Billy is not yet ready to go up to the Twins. Billy jumps on the opportunity, and turns his back on Gus. Without Billy, the Buzz start losing again. With the Twins, Billy starts hitting poorly, proving Huff wrong about Billy. Gus manages to get the Buzz back on track and Billy is sent back down to the Buzz where Gus teaches Billy how to get more hits. Gus leads the Buzz to a division title in their league. Gus issues a challenge for Huff to bring the Twins to Buzz Stadium for another game. If the Twins win, Gus will give his salary for the year to Huff. If Gus and the Buzz beat the Twins, Gus can take over as the manager of the Twins. Huff accepts the challenge and takes the Twins to South Carolina to play against the Buzz. This time, the Twins take a 4-0 lead in the 6th inning, but the Buzz still manage to come from behind with three runs, and then win the game, 5-4, thanks to a game-winning two-run home run by Billy. Gus decides that he wants to stay with the Buzz so he can continue to work with minor league players on their skills and hopefully turn them into stars.'] ["Darryl Palmer is a baseball player for the Atlanta Braves. He enjoys the fame and fringe benefits of bachelor life until he meets rock singer Debby Huston, falls in love and decides to settle down. Debby isn't ready to put her professional hopes on hold. But from the moment Darryl meets her, his own career takes off. He begins a full assault on baseball's single-season home run record of 61  and considers Debby a good-luck charm, wanting her to be there at his games. Manager Burly DeVito appreciates that Darryl has found a settling influence in his life, but teammates Moose Granger and Manny Alvarado become increasingly aware of how obsessed Darryl is with Debby and how unhappy she has become. She feels smothered by her husband, who interferes with her career ambitions and goes into a jealous funk whenever she goes on the road. The happy couple breaks up, to the detriment of Darryl's game and his pursuit of one of baseball's greatest feats. He begins to fail on a regular basis and the team's playoff chances could be in jeopardy. Burly and his players concoct a plan to have another woman, hidden by shadows, pretend to be Darryl's wife, telling him everything he wants to hear. It works temporarily, then backfires. Debby comes back to try to work things out. Darryl does indeed hit his record-breaking home run, but it remains uncertain whether the couple's relationship can ever be what it once was."] ['While walking in his cornfield, novice farmer Ray Kinsella hears a voice that whispers, "If you build it, he will come", and sees a baseball diamond. His wife, Annie, is skeptical, but she allows him to plow under his corn to build the field. Nothing happens, and Ray soon faces financial ruin. Ray and Annie discuss replanting the corn, but their daughter, Karin, sees a man on the ballfield. Ray discovers that he is Shoeless Joe Jackson, a dead baseball player idolized by Ray\'s father. Thrilled to be able to play baseball again, Joe asks to bring others to play on the field. He later returns from the cornfield with the seven other players banned in the 1919 Black Sox scandal. Ray\'s brother-in-law, Mark, cannot see the baseball players, and warns Ray that he will go bankrupt unless he replants his crops. While in the field, Ray hears the voice again, this time urging him to "ease his pain." After attending a PTA meeting involving a resolution to ban books by author and activist-turned recluse Terrence Mann, Ray decides the voice is referring to Mann. Ray finds a magazine interview about Mann\'s childhood dream of playing for the Brooklyn Dodgers and his heartbreak when the team moved to Los Angeles, and convinces Annie that he should seek out the author after they both dream about Ray and Terrence attending a baseball game. Mann denies making the statement in the magazine, but Ray persuades him to attend a baseball game at Fenway Park. Ray hears the voice again, which urges him to "go the distance." The scoreboard shows statistics for a player named Archibald "Moonlight" Graham, who played one game for the New York Giants in 1922, but never had a turn at bat. Mann eventually admits to sharing the vision, and they travel to Chisholm, Minnesota where they learn that Graham became a doctor, but died 16 years earlier. During a late night walk, Ray realizes that he is in 1972, the year of Graham\'s death; he finds Graham who confesses to him that although he regrets never getting to bat, he would have regretted not being a doctor even more. He declines Ray\'s invitation to fulfill his dream.  While driving back to Iowa, Ray picks up a hitchhiker who introduces himself as Archie Graham. While Archie sleeps, Ray reveals that at age 14 he refused to play catch with his father after reading one of Terrence\'s books. Terrence replies that he is tired of being blamed for stories like Ray\'s. At the farm, enough players have arrived to field two teams, and Archie finally gets to bat. The next morning Mark implores Ray to sell the farm. Karin says that they won\'t need to because people will pay to watch the ball games. Terrence agrees that "people will come" to relive their childhood innocence, and Ray refuses to sell. Frustrated, Mark scuffles with Ray, accidentally knocking Karin off the top of the bleachers. Archie runs to help and, stepping off the field, becomes the old "Doc" Graham. After he saves Karin from choking, Ray realizes that Graham cannot return to the field as a young man. After reassuring Ray that his true calling was medicine, the players shake his hand and he leaves. Suddenly able to see the players, Mark urges Ray not to sell the farm. After the game, Joe invites Terrence to enter the cornfield. Terrence accepts the offer and disappears into the cornfield, but Ray is angry at not being invited. Shoeless Joe rebukes his desire for a reward, then reminds him why he sacrificed so much, saying "If you build it, he will come", and glances toward home plate. The catcher removes his mask and Ray recognizes his father as a young man. Ray introduces his father to Annie and Karin. As his father heads toward the cornfield, Ray asks his "Dad" to play catch. As they begin to play, hundreds of cars can be seen approaching the field, fulfilling Karin and Terrence\'s prophecy that people will come to watch baseball.'] 