['{{Plot}} The film opens with Francie "Gidget" Lawrence  and Jeff "Moondoggie" Matthews  on their surfboards in the water, Gidget is overjoyed that Jeff is on vacation from college. This leads to the opening credits and shows a montage of the two together. While at breakfast one morning, Gidget\'s father Russ  announces that they are going to vacation in Hawaii. Gidget, unlike most girls, hates surprises and wishes he had told her sooner, so they could have delayed the trip. Gidget refuses to go, and runs out the door. Gidget\'s mother Dorothy , explains to her husband that Jeff is all that matters to Gidget. Russ and Dorothy decide to cancel Gidget\'s room reservation and keep one just for the two of them, so they can have a second honeymoon and Gidget can stay home with Jeff. Meanwhile Gidget goes to the beach, and tells Moondoggie about going to Hawaii. Jeff thinks it\'s great and says she should go. Gidget is surprised by this response and thinks that their relationship means nothing to Jeff. She returns his pin and runs off, leaving an upset, confused and frustrated Moondoggie on the beach. She also decides to go to Hawaii to forget about Jeff. So the Lawrence family packs up and flies to Hawaii. While on the plane Gidget meets Abby Stewart  whose family is staying at the same hotel. Gidget\'s parents and Abby\'s parents Monty  and Mitzi  are talking at the front of the plane. They both learn that Eddie Horner  a popular dancer is performing at a theater–restaurant next to their hotel. They also meet three more men named Judge , Larry , and Wally . Abby enjoys the fact that they will all be at the same hotel but Gidget barely reacts. Abby figures out that Gidget has just broken up and asks her to tell the story. Gidget does, but in an overly dramatic way. She says it was love at first sight . She then goes on to say that she went overboard and "surrendered herself completely," which Abby interprets to mean that she went all the way. Gidget then tells Abby that she used to call him "Moondoggie" which Abby finds very strange as well. When they reach Hawaii, Gidget\'s parents have to get a separate room for Gidget instead of a connecting one, because they canceled the previous reservation. While everyone else is enjoying Hawaii and having fun, Gidget stays in her room and mopes all day. Abby is toying with all the boys\' emotions, but especially Eddie Horner\'s, as he is the one she likes best. He seems to like Abby too, but has also found an interest in Gidget. Gidget\'s father feels bad and decides to send a message to Jeff, telling him that Gidget is miserable, and it would make her feel better if he  flew down there. Once Jeff learns this he immediately accepts. That night Abby visits Gidget, and invites her to dine with Eddie, Judge, Larry and Wally and Herself. Abby decided to go with all of them, because she didn\'t want to choose. Gidget declines and says she\'d be happier if she stayed in her room. Once Abby leaves, Gidget\'s mom enters and says she feels bad but Gidget should enjoy her time there and have fun with Abby and the boys . Gidget agrees and says she\'ll be there soon. While at the restaurant, Abby is annoyed that she can\'t be alone with Eddie, so she finds two other girls named Barbara Jo and DeeDee to accompany them. Once they are there Abby gets to talk to Eddie alone while Wally, Judge and Larry argue over Barbara Jo and DeeDee. Meanwhile Gidget\'s and Abby\'s parents are also at the restaurant  and are talking when Russ receives a telegram that Jeff is taking the first plane out. Back at the other table Eddie asks Abby why her friend couldn\'t join them. Abby replies that she just wasn\'t interested. While she says this we see Gidget appear all dressed up to join them, much to the surprise of Abby, the boys, and Gidget\'s father. All the guys including Eddie are now completely drawn to her much to the anger of Abby. Finally they announce the time to dance where Eddie automatically grabs Gidget\'s hand, leaving an angry Abby and an overjoyed Judge to dance. Gidget and Eddie seem to hit it off. Later that night in Gidget\'s hotel room, Abby comes back in and explains to Gidget how she was annoyed that Gidget just came in like that and didn\'t even mention Abby inviting her. Gidget is unaware of how annoyed Abby is and replies that she was only doing her mom a favor. The next day we see Gidget surfing, and again a very annoyed Abby looks on because Abby hates the water and refuses to go in . Gidget also neglected to tell Abby that she surfs. The guys watch in amazement as Gidget shows off her surfing moves. They then join Gidget, and Eddie asks her for surfing lessons. On his first attempt he wipes out. After that, Eddie and Gidget run back on shore, where they are alone and Eddie kisses her. Gidget pulls away at first, but goes back to kissing him. Right at that very moment, Jeff appears but then claims he mistook her for another girl. After he leaves, Eddie tries to go back and kiss Gidget, but she pushes him away and runs after Moondoggie. Gidget and Moondoggie get into a fight and decide to go their separate ways. That night they\'re all at dinner when Abby arrives with Jeff . Gidget tries to make Jeff jealous by flirting with Eddie. They also begin a conversation about things being tame and Judge tells Gidget that she should try water skiing  and Gidget says she will. The next day everyone is at the ski jump but only Gidget dares to attempt it. She seems to do well, but once she gets to the jump she lets go of the handle, and goes crashing into the water. Jeff and Judge get in a boat and save her. While in the boat going back to join the others, Gidget flirts with Judge and agrees to go with him that night to watch Eddie perform, all in the presence of Jeff. The next day they are all on a boat and Gidget acts offended by a comment Abby makes about the water. So Gidget goes off to another part of the boat and Jeff follows her. He goes and tells her to cut it out, although Abby thinks Jeff now likes her. Abby decides to start a rumor about Gidget saying how she\'s slept with Eddie and other people, rationalizing that it is half true because Gidget had said that she gave herself "completely" to "that Moondoggie person". Abby tells her mom Mitzi who then goes and tells Gidget\'s mother Dorothy. Dorothy refuses to believe it and says that she thinks Abby started the rumor, and they get into an argument. Dorothy tells Russ and they both question Gidget; she denies even the thought of it. This leaves both her parents, especially her father, angry and frustrated. Dorothy and Russ get into a fight. Russ leaves and goes to the bar. Meanwhile Monty and Mitzi also get into a fight because Monty thinks Mitzi should have kept her mouth shut which results in Mitzi going down to the bar. While at the bar, Mitzi and Russ talk and realize they see eye to eye on things and have a drink. Meanwhile Monty and Dorothy talk in the hotel room and go downstairs to another bar in the hotel. After talking Russ and Mitzi decide to go to the Mauhana Room. Just as they leave, Dorothy and Monty also go to the Mauhana room, but by another route. This is all witnessed by the clerk at the desk. Meanwhile at the Luau, Abby is the center of attention, and is happy, primarily because Gidget isn\'t there. Eddie goes off to take a walk and bumps into Gidget who tells him of the rumor that is going around and says she doesn\'t want to go because she doesn\'t know if anyone else has heard. Eddie then pulls her aside and tells Gidget he\'s fallen in love with her. Gidget tells him that she doesn\'t like him, and that she\'s sorry. They agree to be friends. Gidget goes for a walk on the beach. While on the beach, Gidget pictures herself promiscuous and pregnant. Back at the Luau, Abby and Jeff are talking and Abby tells him about the rumor that Gidget sleeps around. Jeff can\'t believe it. Abby then admits it\'s a lie and she  only had one affair. Jeff asks when Gidget told her that, and Abby replies that Gidget told her on the plane, but why any girl would fall for a guy called "Moondoggie" is beyond her. Jeff then realizes how much he cares about Gidget. He tells Abby that he likes her and to call him what everyone at home calls him, "Moondoggie." Jeff runs off leaving an upset Abby at the Luau. On the beach Moondoggie and Gidget reconnect and talk about what happened on their way back to the hotel. Gidget asks the clerk if her parents were in and the clerk says Abby\'s Dad and Gidget\'s Mom went one way while Gidget\'s Dad and Abby\'s Mom went the other way. This leaves Gidget very worried and she decides to wait for them in their suite and Moondoggie accompanies her. We then see Monty, Mitzi, Russ, and Dorothy talking all together at a table. They discuss the situation, and Mitzi says she will punish Abby when they get back. Dorothy decides to call to see if Gidget is in her room, but gets no answer. When they get back to the hotel, they decide to wait for Gidget in her suite. Meanwhile Gidget is in her parents suite and is worried because she thinks her parents are cheating on each other. So she and Jeff make up a plan. In Gidget\'s suite, Dorothy calls all Gidget\'s friends asking if they saw her. The news then gets to Abby who feels horrible thinking that she caused all this. Eventually DeeDee, Abby, Abby\'s Parents, Eddie, Judge, Wally and Larry are all in Gidget\'s suite worrying about where she is. Finally Gidget\'s dad goes back to his suite to get something. Russ comes in to find Gidget and Moondoggie kissing on the couch. He cries out in relief, but Gidget tells him, that her Mom is asleep, but she fixed it so his bed looks slept in. But to get out of here and come back in the morning, so she won\'t suspect anything. Russ plays along and he and Jeff both go to Gidget\'s suite where Jeff sees that everyone is waiting. Russ tells Dorothy to go in and "get your half of what I got". She goes in and Gidget tells her the same thing but Dorothy goes into the bedroom and Gidget thinks her dad is not there and fears problems will arise. But to her surprise, her father is asleep in the bed. She taps him and he jumps up and yells "Boo!" Then everyone else comes in and is laughing at Gidget. Gidget laughs and kisses Jeff and tells Eddie sorry but he had no chance up against Jeff and explains to everyone what happened. All is well until Gidget realizes she has some unfinished business. The following day the gang drags Abby into the water. We see a wave come and a screaming Abby on Gidget\'s surfboard. Gidget just looks over to Jeff and laughs.'] ['Young Richard Lindsay  has given up his career in science in favor of his newfound passion, surfing on the Santa Monica beachfront near his father and stepmother\'s house, where he lives. This is to the great displeasure of his father, the noted oceanographer Dr. Otto Lindsay , who is married to the younger Vicky , who is dissatisfied with Otto\'s relative lack of devotion to her. Also living with the Lindsays is Richard\'s sculptor buddy Mark , who walks with a limp as a result of an auto accident Richard had earlier. While Vicky hits on her stepson and teases his friend Mark, a loathsome seaweed shrouded monster starts slaughtering the kids on the beach. Dr. Lindsay seems convinced that it is a mutated carnivorous South American "fantigua fish" that has grown large enough to exist out of the ocean.'] ["Rusty Wells  and his band are just about ready to leave Chicago for their annual spring break trip to Fort Lauderdale. That is, until Big Frank  extends their stay at his club. Big Frank's daughter, Valerie  decides to go to Lauderdale with her friends for spring break, so he gets Rusty and his band to look after her and to make sure she stays out of trouble. While he attempts that, Rusty has to contend with a good-time girl Deena , who has no patience for guys who stand her up or keep her waiting."] ['Rich kid and party animal Gardner Pruitt III , known as “Ding” to his friends, is on the prowl for a new conquest in the form of teenager Sandy Palmer . In the meantime, Ding’s influential grandfather, B.S. Cronin  wants to curtail the romance and shut down a popular local college teen hangout. Sandy’s guardians Sid Hoyt  and Woody Woodbury  get mixed up in the proceedings, with Woody becoming the college kid’s hero at the hangout. That sends up a red flag to the college administration, which sends in Dr. Pauline Swenson to investigate allegations of underage drinking. When the clever kids discover that ex-gangster Grandpa Cronin used to be a bootlegger, they blackmail him into keeping the club open.'] ['An anthropologist, Professor Robert Orville Sutwell  is secretly studying the "wild mating habits" of Southern California teenagers who hang out at the beach and use strange surfing jargon. After he temporarily paralyzes Eric Von Zipper , the leader of the local outlaw motorcycle gang, who was making unwanted advances on Dolores , Dolores develops a crush on the Professor. Her surfing boyfriend Frankie , the local Big Kahuna, becomes jealous and begins flirting with Ava , a Hungarian waitress. Meanwhile, Sutwell\'s assistant Marianne  further develops her crush on the Professor. Von Zipper and his gang plot to bring down Sutwell, only to be thwarted in the end by the surfing teenagers.'] ["The film is set during spring break in Fort Lauderdale, Florida; Texan singing waitress Kelly Taylor  meets Pennsylvanian college student Justin Bell , and they fall for each other, and various romantic complications ensue. Kelly's friend Kaya  falls in love with charming busboy Carlos ; Kelly's other friend, Alexa , schemes to keep Justin and Kelly from meeting; Justin's friend Brandon  is always getting on the wrong side of a sexy beach patrolwoman ; and Justin's other friend, Eddie , tries to hook up with a cyberpal.{{cite web}}"] ['Florence "Chicklet" Forrest , a Gidget-like character, experiences inexplicable blackouts, and fears that she might be the one responsible for a series of mysterious deaths in her beach-side town. The deaths are investigated by Captain Monica Stark , who also suspects Chicklet\'s mother , Chicklet\'s best friend Berdine , surfing guru The Great Kanaka  and B-movie actress Bettina Barnes . Florence is determined to learn to surf, and earns the nickname "Chicklet" from the surfer guys, all the while displaying multiple personalities. Other characters include university drop-out  Starcat , purported Swedish exchange student Lars , surfers Yo-Yo  and Provoloney , Starcat\'s girlfriend Marvel Ann ([[Amy Adams , whom he humiliates by accident when he rips off her bikini bottoms, leaving her almost completely naked on a beach, and the wheel-chair bound class "queen bee" Rhonda .'] ['Frances Lawrence  is about to turn 17 years old and is on her summer break between her junior and senior years of high school. She resists the pressure to go "manhunting" with her girlfriends and laments the days when the girls had fun together without boys. Frances also rejects her parents wishing to fix her up on a date with the son of a friend of the family, Jeffrey Matthews. On a jaunt to the beach with her bikini-clad girlfriends, flat-chested tomboy Frances meets surfer Moondoggie . She quickly becomes infatuated with him, but he shows no romantic interest, however Frances is more attracted to surfing than man hunting. At home, Francie importunes her parents for $25 for a used surfboard. Russ and Dorothy Lawrence  grant their daughter\'s request as an early birthday present and the excited youngster returns to the beach to surf. The gang dubs their female associate "Gidget", a portmanteau word based on \'girl\' and \'midget\'. She associates with an all-male surfer gang led by the worldly beach bum, The Kahuna . Kahuna is a Korean War Air Force veteran twice the age of Frances who was fed up with all the rules he had to live by when he flew combat missions and dropped out of normal society. He travels the hemisphere surfing with his pet bird. Moondoggie admires Kahuna and wants to emulate him by joining Kahuna in working his way on a freighter to go surfing in Peru at summer\'s end instead of going off to university as his self-made father planned. Kahuna and Gidget enjoy each other\'s company with Gidget questioning how he can survive an aimless and lonely existence without a job. She questions whether if Kahuna knew then what he knew now would he still make the same lifestyle choice after leaving the Air Force. Kahuna later reflects on Gidget\'s words after the death of his only friend, the pet bird. Hoping to make Moondoggie jealous, Gidget hires one of the other surfers in the gang to be her date to a luau party on the beach. Her plan backfires when the surfer she hired pawns the job off on none other than Moondoggie, unaware that he was the one Gidget wanted to make jealous. Gidget lies and tells Moondoggie that it is Kahuna that she wants to make jealous, and they have a romantic evening at the luau. Eventually Moondoggie says something that upsets Gidget and, as she flees the luau, she runs into Kahuna and agrees to take him to a nearby beach house. Alone with Kahuna, Gidget tries to make Kahuna take her virginity. Amused, Kahuna attempts to call Gidget\'s bluff by pretending to take her up on her offer but finds himself falling under her spell. Realizing what he was about to do and angry at the situation he\'s been put in, Kahuna throws her out of the beach house just as Moondoggie arrives. Gidget is mortified and escapes out the back of the beach house as Moondoggie confronts Kahuna. The cops are called to break up the fight between Kahuna and Moondoggie and, after leaving the beach house, they find Gidget stranded with a flat tire and without her driver\'s license. They bring her in to the police station. Gidget\'s father, having heard about the incident decides to take over control of her social life, and orders her not to see the surfer gang again. She falls into a depression, to which mother shows her a tapestry from her grandmother reading "A Real Woman brings out the best in a Man". In the end, Mr. Lawrence arranges a date for Gidget with Jeffrey Matthews that Frances grudgingly accepts. To her surprise, Matthews turns out to be Moondoggie. The two return to the beach to find Kahuna tearing down his beach shack and find out that he\'s taken a job as an airline pilot. Moondoggie and Gidget realize how they feel about each other and, as an act of romantic devotion, Moondoggie asks Gidget to wear his class pin. Kahuna cheefully warns Moondoggie that Gidget is quite a woman.'] ["The story begins with Frankie  going to Tahiti on naval reserve duty. While cavorting with local girls, Frankie realizes that Dee Dee  might be disloyal to him. When Frankie seeks help from a witch doctor , the witch doctor sends a sea beauty, Cassandra , to lure Ricky , an advertising exec, away from Dee Dee. Upon Cassandra's arrival, the beach turns upside down, as all the surfers fall for her, an executive wants to make her a model, and Eric Von Zipper and his motorcycle gang add to the trouble."] ['Young surfer Mike Samson , the local beach jock, is quite the ladies man until he meets Delilah Dawes . At first, he tries to add her to his harem, but she rejects him because she finds him chauvinistic and shallow; so he disguises himself as a nerdy twin brother "Herbert". In the meantime, publisher Harvey Pulp  plans to start a new magazine called “Teen Scream” and joins forces with “Daddy” , car, surfboard, skateboard, etc. customizer — and the owner of the local music club, The Dungeon — to publicize the venture. Pulp and Daddy organize a series of contests, and Delilah competes against "Mike" with the encouragement of "Herbert" in various events and loses each time. However, Mike finds that he is falling in love with her. Eventually, Delilah finds out about the deception and soon the two of them compete in a final race using various vehicles.'] ['Scott Heyward  rebels against the plans and expectations of his father, extremely rich oilman Dusty Heyward ([[James Gregory . He drives off  to find himself. When he stops for some food, he runs into Tom Wilson , on his way to take a job as a water-skiing instructor at a Miami hotel. A chance remark by Tom gives Scott an idea: he switches identities with Tom so he can find out how people react to him rather than his money. Tom has fun staying at the same hotel and pretending he is rich. Hotel guest Dianne Carter  insists on taking a lesson minutes after Scott checks in with his new "employer". However, once they are out on the water, she proves herself to be an expert skier, performing fancy maneuvers to gain the attention of wealthy young playboy James J. Jamison III . Later, she confesses to Scott she is a gold digger, assuming he is one too. He agrees to help her land Jamison, but in the process falls for her. Scott persuades boat builder Sam Burton  to let him rebuild a damaged high-performance boat and drive it in the annual Orange Bowl race, which Jamison has won the last three years in a row. Scott sends for some "goop", an experimental coating his father spent a lot of money trying  to perfect. Between his day job and work at night as a chemist, Scott is run ragged, but manages  to fix goop\'s major flaw: losing its strength in water. With no time for testing before the race, he applies it to the boat\'s hull and prays it will hold the Raw Hide together.{{Cite news}}ReAction! Chemistry in the Movies Duster learns where his son is, and comes to see what he is doing. To Scott\'s surprise, his father is enormously proud of what he has accomplished. Meanwhile, Jamison proposes to Dianne. Scott barges into the suite before she can give Jamison an answer, but the playboy informs Scott they are getting married right after he wins the race. In the race, Jamison takes the lead in The Scarlet Lady, but Scott passes him at the finish line. Dianne decides to give up her scheme and return home. Scott offers to give her a lift. On the drive, he gives her an engagement ring he bought with the winnings from the race. She insists he take it back, but agrees to marry him. When he tells her who he really is, she faints.'] ["Frankie, Dee Dee, and the beach party gang hit Malibu Beach for another summer of surfing and no jobs only to find their secret surfing spot threatened by a gang of bodybuilders, led by the dim-witted coach Jack Fanny . All the while, a bored Italian Countess  is trying to steal Frankie from Dee Dee and, much to everyone's surprise, he seems more than happy to go along with it. She's going to turn him into a teen idol, not unlike Frankie Avalon's real-life persona. Fortunately, due to some razzing from his former surfing buddies and sage advice from Buddy Hackett, Frankie sees the error of his ways and goes back to his American beach bunny, Dee Dee."] ["Frankie Avalon and Annette Funicello are husband and wife living in Ohio — far from the surf and sand of their earlier lives together. Heading to California to visit their daughter Sandi , Frankie and Annette are appalled to learn that she has been making time with surfer Michael . In response, they set about to make the beach safe for fun-lovers everywhere by driving out Michael's unsavory friends. Along the way, Frankie faces a challenge to his title from the younger surfers, and nearly ruins his marriage by dallying with Connie Stevens — one of several pop-culture icons appearing in the film, including Fishbone, Don Adams, Bob Denver, Alan Hale, Jr., Edd Byrnes, Jerry Mathers, Tony Dow, Barbara Billingsley, Dick Dale, Stevie Ray Vaughan, O.J. Simpson, and Pee-wee Herman. In the end The Big Kahuna proves that he is the king of surfers, and his title is safe."] ["The ghost of recently dead Mr. Hiram Stokley  finds that he has 24 hours to perform one good deed to get into Heaven. He enlists the help of his long dead girlfriend, Cecily, to stop his lawyer, Reginald Ripper , and a henchman from claiming the estate for themselves. The real heirs, Chuck, Lili, Hiram's cousin Myrtle, and her son bring their beach party friends to the mansion for a pool party while Reginald Ripper also employs his daughter Sinistra, and J. Sinister Hulk's slow-witted associates Chicken Feather and Yolanda to help them terrorize the teens, while dopey biker Eric Von Zipper and his Malibu Rat Pack bikers also get involved in pursuing Yolanda for a share of the Stokley estate."] ['A singer, Sugar Kane , is unwittingly being used for publicity stunts for her latest album by her agent , for example, faking a skydiving stunt, actually performed by Bonnie . Meanwhile, Frankie , , takes up skydiving, prompted by Bonnie, who secretly wants to make her boyfriend, Steve  jealous. This, of course, prompts Dee Dee  to also try free-falling. Eric Von Zipper and his Malibu Rat Pack bikers also show up, with Von Zipper falling madly in love with Sugar Kane. To top all this, Bonehead  falls in love with a mermaid . Eventually, Von Zipper "puts the snatch" on Sugar Kane. The film takes a The Perils of Pauline-like twist, with the evil South Dakota Slim  kidnapping Sugar and tying her to a buzz-saw.'] ["Two college girls, Ducky and Ginger, meet their naive friend, Sarah, at a Southern California beach house. The house belongs to Sarah's uncle and to their luck has allowed them to use his house for the summer while he is gone. Soon after Ducky and Ginger arrive, the two plan the first of many wild parties, but not without some resistance from Sarah. The two continue the plans for more partying including inviting assorted misfits, delivery persons, and people just passing by. Eventually, Sarah's resistance fades and joins in on the wild parties."] ['School is out and the teenagers head for the beach. All is well until millionaire Harvey Huntington Honeywagon III  comes around, convinced that the beachgoers are so senselessly obsessed with sex that their mentality is below that of a primate – especially Honeywagon\'s wunderkind pet chimp Clyde, who can surf, drive, and watusi better than anyone on the beach. With the teenagers demoralized and discredited, Honeywagon plans to turn Bikini Beach into a senior citizens retirement home. Meanwhile, foppish British rocker and drag racer Peter Royce Bentley, better known as "The Potato Bug" , has taken up residence on Bikini Beach. Annoyed by Frankie\'s reluctance to start their relationship towards marriage, Dee Dee becomes receptive to Potato Bug\'s advances. In a jealous rage, Frankie challenges The Potato Bug to a drag race, in hopes of winning Dee Dee back.'] ['Saved by the Bell: Hawaiian Style occurred during the continuity of the original series, during a summer holiday. In the movie, Kelly\'s grandfather, played by Dean Jones, invites the kids to stay at his hotel in Hawaii. However, someone else is out to buy his land and build a hotel/resort complex, and the group has to save it. As would eventually be the case with Saved by the Bell: Wedding in Las Vegas, Hawaiian Style was presented as a two hour movie on NBC, although when it is aired today it is commonly split into four regular length episodes, all featuring the song "Summertime" by DJ Jazzy Jeff & the Fresh Prince in the opening credits as opposed to the traditional Saved by the Bell theme. After the movie finished filming, Elizabeth Berkley and Tiffani-Amber Thiessen chose to leave the cast of Saved by the Bell, prompting producers to cast Leanna Creel for the show\'s 5th and final season.'] ["Now that Jeff has completed his military service and landed a lucrative job as an engineer, he and Gidget marry and move to Glossop, Maryland, where his new job is. Gidget finds that Jeff's company exerts far too much control over their lives, deciding where they will live and even choosing their friends for them. Gidget's rebellion against this lands Jeff in hot water, and their marriage is sorely tested."] 