['After a long stint in prison Buck Matthews , a Vietnam veteran, returns to his old hometown to start his life over with his wife Christie  and their five-year-old daughter Jennifer . However, he learns that the small town where he grew up is overrun by a large motorcycle gang that rides through the town in large numbers, harassing various citizens. On his first night back to his old job at a construction yard Buck hears a woman screaming in the distance. He follows the screams to discover a large group of bikers attacking and attempting to rape a local nurse. Buck manages to chase the gang off using his truck thus saving the nurse\'s life. The leader of the biker gang, Blade ([[William Smith , takes Buck\'s actions personally and begins to terrorize his family and him. The following night, the gang attacks the Matthews\' home, beating Buck and killing his wife. This leaves Jennifer, his young daughter, in shock as she witnessed the entire event. The local sheriff  holds a grudge against Buck for some reason that is never explained in the movie, so he refuses to help Buck, leaving him with no other option but to take justice into his own hands. After calling in a favor from an old friend Jamie , a Miami-based Columbian drug kingpin whom Buck saved his life in prison during a riot some years back and who was also paroled with Buck in the opening scene. Buck receives a high tech truck, equipped with machine guns and mortars. Buck\'s friend, J.B. Deveraux , a local deputy who is also a Vietnam veteran, fills Buck in as to the history of the motorcycle gang. The sheriff is shown to be in cahoots with the motorcycle gang as Blade and his men give the sheriff bribes of cash to ignore their activities. Soon, Buck and J.B. team up together and begin to retaliate against the bikers through various means. Buck uses a wire to string out onto a road to decapitate at least two of the bikers. He lures another small group to their deaths by exploding his old truck when they attack it, as well as shoot more at random whom they witness committing crimes in and around the town. Eventually the bikers kidnap Jennifer from the hospital, forcing Buck to go to their camp in the desert outside of town. Buck, with the help of J.B., flying a bomb-dropping crop-duster airplane, successfully defeats the gang and rescues his daughter. In an explosive climax, Buck has the local sheriff killed  by offering him as a target for the gang, and then has a one-on-one fistfight with the gang\'s leader which ends with the death of the villain when he accidentally ingests cocaine the gang is manufacturing. With their leader dead, the surviving motorcycle gang members ride away. The film ends with a final fight scene in which the song "Eye of the Tiger" is played, taking place in a cocaine filled shack at the gang\'s hideout.'] ['Set in the then-future of 1996, Harley Davidson  is in a motel in Texas when he hears about a dangerous new street drug named "Crystal Dream" on the radio. The significance of this street drug does not arise again until later in the film. Harley then meets a life long friend, a cowboy who is nicknamed The Marlboro Man  and they later plan a bank robbery to help save their friend\'s bar from being foreclosed and replaced with a skyscraper. However, after they rob a bank\'s armored car, they discover the cargo they stole is the designer drug "Crystal Dream", not money. Chance Wilder , who is a bank president involved in drug dealing, demands the return of the drugs. A series of increasingly deadly encounters ensue as heavily-armed assassins  hunt for Harley and Marlboro.'] ['The Man Eaters are led by Queen . The gang\'s main activity is racing each other, then having a wild orgy at their clubhouse afterward. The race determines the order in which the girls get to pick a man. One of the fastest held rules of the group is that "all men are mothers" and no Man-Eater falls in love. New initiate Karen , strains these rules as the gang finds her choosing the same man, Bill , several times. The Man-Eaters test Karen\'s loyalty by making her drag a well beaten Bill from the back of her motorcycle. Karen\'s loyalty is tested again when her ex-boyfriend, Ted , urges Karen to leave the gang because of the danger presented by a rival gang of hot-rodders led by a man named Joe-Boy .'] ["The plot involves an African American veteran of the Vietnam War, played by Gene Washington, who returns home to find that his brother  has been killed. The killing was done by a white motorcycle gang who objected to the fact that the Robert Howard character had been dating a white woman. The Gene Washington character and his motorcycle gang, also known as the Black Six, attempt to avenge the brother's death. The gang encounters a number of obstacles, including hostile motorcycle gangs  and prejudiced policemen. The movie ends in an inconclusive battle royale with caucasian white-supremist biker gang.<ref nameInternet Movie Database - The Black Six Plot|url2008-08-03}}"] ['Billy Jack is introduced as an enigmatic, half-Indian Vietnam War veteran who shuns society, taking refuge in the peaceful solitude of the California Central Coast mountains. His troubles begin when he descends from this unspoiled setting and drives into a small beach town named Big Rock . A minor traffic accident in which a motorist hits a motorcyclist results in a savage beating by members of the Born Losers Motorcycle Club. The horrified bystanders  are too afraid to help or be involved in any way. Billy Jack jumps into the fray and rescues the man by himself. At this point the police arrive and arrest Billy for using a rifle to stop the fight.  The police throw Billy in jail and fine him heavily for discharging a rifle in public. He is treated with suspicion and hostility by the police. Meanwhile, the marauding bikers terrorize the town, rape four teenage girls , and threaten anyone slated to testify against them. One of the girls, played by Susan Foster, later recants, saying she willingly gave herself to the biker gang.  Co-scriptwriter Elizabeth James plays Vicky Barrington, a bikini-clad damsel-in-distress who is twice abducted and abused by the gang. The second time, she and Billy are kidnapped together. After Billy is brutally beaten, Vicky agrees to become the gang\'s sexually compliant "biker mama" if they release Billy. At the police station, Billy is unable to get help from the police or the local residents and must return to the gang\'s lair to rescue Vicky by himself. The bikers lair was once owned by silent film star Rudolph Valentino as a get-a-way from Hollywood. It is located in Seal Beach. Billy, armed with a Springfield rifle, captures the gang, shoots the leader  between the eyes, and forces some of the others to take Vicky, who\'s been badly beaten herself, to the hospital. As the police finally arrive, Billy abruptly rides off on one of the gang\'s motorcycles. The anti-authority sentiment continues up to the end when a police deputy accidentally shoots Billy in the back, mistaking him for a fleeing gang member. He is later found, nearly dead, lying by the shore of a lake. He is placed on a stretcher and is flown to the hospital in a helicopter as Vicky and the sheriff give him a salute.'] ['The film, which is violent and sexually graphic, is a high-speed coming of age story which centers on three young men dreaming of an escape from their provincial surroundings by means of a motocross career: young motocross racing champion Rien , another racer who thinks he has the goods, Hans , and the son of a Bible thumping Calvinist, the mechanic Eef . Their only escapes are alcohol, drugs, and weekend visits to a local disco nightclub. When they run into a young seductress , her homosexual brother, national motocross champion Witkamp  and the national press that follows in his wake, their futures change drastically.'] ["Set in Nebraska during the years immedidately after the First World War, a band of motorcyclists blows into town and messes with two sisters with psychic powers. This gets a hex cast on them by one of the sisters, who's father was a Native American shaman. The bikers soon depart this world in not so natural ways."] ["Newly-married Rebecca leaves her husband's Alsatian bed on her prized motorbike—symbol of freedom and escape—to visit her lover, Daniel, in Heidelberg. En route, she indulges in psychedelic and erotic reveries as she relives her changing relationship with the two men, before crashing into a truck at the film's conclusion. It is based on the novella La Motocyclette by André Pieyre de Mandiargues . In the medium to distant shots, the rider was the British GP champion Bill Ivy, wearing a blonde wig."] ['The protagonists are two freewheeling hippies: Wyatt , nicknamed "Captain America", and Billy . Fonda and Hopper said that these characters\' names refer to Wyatt Earp and Billy the Kid.<ref nameMarch 2011}} was a spiritual failure. The next morning, the two are continuing their trip to Florida  when two rednecks in a pickup truck spot them and decide to "scare the hell out of them" with their shotgun. As they pull alongside Billy, one of the men lazily aims the shotgun at him and threatens and insults him by saying, "Want me to blow your brains out?" and "Why don\'t you get a haircut?" When Billy flips his middle finger up at them, the hillbilly fires the shotgun at Billy, who immediately hits the pavement, seriously wounded in the side. As the truck then takes off past Wyatt down the road, Wyatt turns around and races back to put his jacket over his fatally injured friend, who is already covered in blood, before riding off for help. But by this time, the same pickup truck has turned around and closes on Wyatt. Not wanting any witnesses to report them to the police, the hillbilly fires at Wyatt as he speeds by the pickup, hitting the bike\'s gas tank and causing it to instantly erupt into a fiery explosion. Wyatt lands by the side of the road, dead. As the murderous rednecks drive away, the film ends with a shot of the flaming bike in the middle of the deserted road, as the camera ascends to the sky.'] ['The plot centers around an outlaw motorcycle gang called the "Satans." The "Satans" roam the deserts of the American Southwest. The gang comes upon two lovers whom they proceed to attack: they beat up the boyfriend and rape the girl. After the assaults, they kill both of them and throw their car, with them in it, over a cliff. The gangs leader is Anchor. The biker gang members include Firewater, Acid, Muscle, Willie, Romeo and Gina. Johnny Martin, a Vietnam veteran U.S. Marine, is hitchhiking and is picked up by former police officer Chuck Baldwin and his wife Nora. Johnny was a military police officer in the Marine Corps and after his discharge he\'s moving to Los Angeles to "live a little". Tracy, a waitress, drives up a red dune buggy to a diner where she works. Tracy is late and explains to her boss, Lew, that she was late because she was studying for a college class. Nora spots the cafe and tells her husband and Johnny that they should go eat there. Johnny sits alone at the bar while Chuck and Nora sit at a table, thinking the Marine is being antisocial. Lew and Chuck small talk about the desert area and its isolation. Johnny meets Tracy and they both talk about getting away from the desert town. The Satans arrive at the cafe and demand service. Romeo harasses Tracy as she tries to take the gang\'s order. Lew intervenes and the gang calms down. Firewater selects a song from the jukebox and Gina performs a go-go dance routine for Anchor, jealous of Anchor\'s attention towards the waitress. Lou pulls the plug on the jukebox and tells the gang that the place is "a place to eat" and "not a place to dance." One of the bikers hits on Chuck\'s wife and she throws a drink in his face. Chuck pulls out his revolver and tells them to "beat it." The bikers knock out Chuck and take his gun. The Satans take Lew, Chuck and Nora out behind the cafe. Nora is raped, and Anchor explains to them why they hate cops. Anchor kills the three of them as Johnny and Tracy escape in Tracy\'s dune buggy after knocking out Muscle and Romeo. The bikers pursue Johnny and Tracy deep into the isolated desert. The dune buggy breaks down from damage that occurred when the couple ran over a couple of the bikes. Johnny and Tracy trek through the desert in an effort to reach help at the closest town before the Satans catch up with them and finish the job. The remains of the gang comes across a trio of female campers - Carol, Jan, and Lois - and party with them. Gina drives off in a jealous fit and commits suicide by driving over a cliff, dying with Anchor\'s name on her lips. Willie tracks Johnny and Tracy but is bitten by a rattlesnake and dies. Firewater goes looking for Willie and finds his body - he returns to discover Acid playing Russian Roulette with Chuck\'s pistol and Anchor has gone insane and murdered the three women. They fight and Firewater leaves Anchor for dead; he searches for Johnny and Tracy. When he finds the couple, Johnny surprises him and during the fight, a landslide crushes Firewater. He tells Johnny that Anchor is no longer a problem and dies. As the couple relax and begin walking down the road, Anchor drives toward them on the last working gang motorcycle. He raves about being Satan and having paid his dues; it\'s Johnny\'s turn. As he raises the gun, Johnny throws a switchblade at the gang leader, killing him. Johnny is wounded but still able to drive the motorcycle; the couple get on the bike and leave towards the setting sun.'] ['Ace, a wannabe rock star, is on his way to a concert of the band Guitar Wolf when space aliens invade the Earth. As a result the dead rise to their feet in the countryside setting of Asahi, Japan, with an appetite for flesh. Enlisting the help of his rock \'n roll blood brother Guitar Wolf, Ace and the members of the band get entangled in many misadventures with crazy rock managers in very tight shorts, transsexuals, naked women shooting guns in the shower, and bloodthirsty zombies ready to tear them apart. Leather jackets, loud over-modulated music, laser guitar picks, motorcycles, guns, muscle cars, and fire abound. Guitar Wolf, a Japanese trio signed to Matador Records in the US—and self-proclaimed coolest rock band in the world—star as the well-coiffed heroes. It is also a love story, between Ace and Tobio, a trans woman. The music, in a garage punk vein, plays an important role in the film. It features music from Greg Cartwright of Reigning Sound and The Oblivians. His 1997 song "Twice as Deep" by Greg Oblivian & the Tip Tops is featured. This film is similar to another movie by a Spanish punk group, La matanza caníbal de los garrulos lisérgicos produced by Siniestro Total'] ['In a dystopic Australia, after the Earth\'s oil supplies were nearly exhausted, law and order has begun to break down due to energy shortages. Berserk motorcycle gang member Crawford "Nightrider" Montizano has escaped police custody and is attempting to outrun the Main Force Patrol  in a stolen Pursuit Special . Though he manages to elude his initial pursuers, the MFP\'s top pursuit man, Max Rockatansky, then engages the less-skilled Nightrider in a high-speed chase, resulting in Nightrider dying in a fiery crash. Nightrider\'s motorcycle gang, led by Toecutter and Bubba Zanetti, is running roughshod over a town, vandalising property, stealing fuel and terrorising the populace. Max and officer Jim "Goose" Rains arrest Toecutter\'s young protégé, Johnny "the Boy" Boyle, when Johnny, too high to ride, stays behind after the gang rapes a young couple. When no witnesses appear for his trial, the courts throw the case out and Johnny is released. An angry Goose attacks Johnny and must be held back; both men shout threats of revenge. After Bubba Zanetti drags Johnny away, MFP Captain Fred "Fifi" McPhee tells his officers to do whatever it takes to apprehend the gangs, "so long as the paperwork\'s clean." A short time later, Johnny sabotages Goose\'s motorcycle; it locks up at high speed, throwing Goose from the bike. Goose is unharmed, though his bike is badly damaged; he borrows a ute to haul his bike back. However, Johnny and Toecutter\'s gang are waiting in ambush. Johnny throws a brake drum at Goose\'s windscreen, which shatters and causes Goose to crash the ute; Toecutter then instructs Johnny to throw a match into the gasoline leaking from Goose\'s wrecked ute, while Goose is trapped inside. Johnny refuses; Toecutter first cajoles, then verbally and physically abuses him. Johnny eventually throws the lit match into the wreckage, which erupts in flames, burning Goose alive. Goose is rescued, although he dies in the hospital due to his burns. After seeing his charred body, Max becomes disillusioned with the Police Force. Worried of what may happen if he continues working for the MFP – and that he is beginning to enjoy the insanity – Max announces to Fifi that he is resigning from the MFP. Fifi convinces him to take a holiday first before making his final decision about the resignation. Max also reports this to Jessie, his wife at the remote farm where they live, who is happy with his decision so they could take care of their young baby son. While Max is away to buy supplies, Jessie and her infant encounter Toecutter\'s gang, who attempt to rape her. She flees, but the gang later finds them again at their remote farm. The gang runs over Jessie and Max\'s son as they try to escape, leaving their crushed bodies in the middle of the road. Max arrives too late to save them, devastated by the events. Filled with rage, Max dons his police leathers and takes a supercharged black Pursuit Special  from the MFP storage to pursue the gang. After torturing a mechanic for information, Max methodically hunts down the gang members: he forces several of them off a bridge at high speed, shoots Bubba at point blank range with his shotgun, and forces Toecutter into the path of a semi-trailer truck. Max finally finds Johnny, who is looting a car crash victim he presumably murdered for a pair of boots. In a cold, suppressed rage, Max handcuffs Johnny\'s ankle to the wrecked vehicle whilst Johnny begs for his life. Not content to simply kill Johnny right away, Max ignores his begging and sets a crude time-delay fuse with a slow fuel leak and a lighter. Throwing Johnny a hacksaw, Max leaves him the choice of sawing through either the handcuffs  or his ankle . Max casually drives away; as he clears the bridge, Johnny\'s vehicle explodes. Max continues driving into the darkness, with his and Johnny\'s fate unknown.'] ['Working class cockney teenagers Dot  and biker Reggie  get married. Their marriage soon turns sour. During an unsuccessful honeymoon at a holiday camp Reggie becomes alienated from the brassy and self-absorbed Dot. Afterwards, they begin to live increasingly separate lives as Reggie becomes more involved with his biker friends, especially the eccentric Pete . Reggie also loses interest in having sex with Dot. When Reggie\'s grandfather dies, Dot merely complains that his support for his bereaved grandmother  has stopped them visiting the cinema. Her boorish behaviour at the funeral and her refusal to move in with Reggie\'s grandmother leads to a major argument. She leaves and Reggie stays with his gran, who will not leave her own house. He brings in Pete, who has been forced to leave his lodgings, to stay as a lodger with her. The two share a bed at her house. Meanwhile Dot shows an interest in Brian , another biker. The following day Pete and Reggie drive to the seaside. Reggie wants them to chat up a couple of girls, but Pete shows no interest. Reggie intends to return to Dot. Dot herself has already hatched a plan to get him back by pretending to be pregnant. Dot is sitting with Brian when she tells Reggie of her "pregnancy". Believing he can\'t be the father, Reggie accuses Brian and the two fight. Reggie knocks out Brian. Dot visits Reggie\'s gran\'s house and learns that he is sharing a bed with Pete. She taunts them, calling them "queers". Reggie is disturbed by this, and asks Pete to deny that he is homosexual, but Pete avoids answering. The bikers organise a race from London to Edinburgh and back in which Reggie, Pete and Brian all take part. Dot rides with Brian. When Brian\'s bike breaks down, Reggie carries Dot on his. Dot admits she is not pregnant. The two start to rekindle their relationship. When they get back, Pete manages to separate Reggie from Dot, taking him to the pub. They come back to their room drunk. When Pete passes out, Reggie sits up thinking. The following morning he decides to return to Dot. Pete gets upset, and says he can\'t understand why Reggie would want to return to Dot, since they get on so much better. He says they should go to America together. Reggie says that he needs a woman. He returns to Dot, but discovers her in bed with Brian. In despair, he meets up with Pete and says he wishes to leave for America as soon as possible. Pete says he can get them passage working on a ship. While Pete is arranging things, he leaves Reggie in a pub, which turns out to be a gay bar. Reggie realises that the clientele are gay when one starts chatting him up. When Pete walks in they all recognise him and Reggie suddenly understands that Pete too is gay. He leaves.'] ['Philo Beddoe is still bare-knuckle boxing to make ends meet while hanging out with Clyde the orangutan, and his brother Orville Boggs. Philo decides to retire from fighting but the Mafia has other ideas and he is forced into another fight. A motorcycle gang and a wayward girlfriend add to his troubles as Philo tries to go his own way.'] ['Tom Latham enjoys riding his motorcycle with his girlfriend and loves his mother, but he is no ordinary fellow. He is an amiable teen psychopath, clearly modeled on Alex of A Clockwork Orange fame. Like Alex, he has an unusual pet  and a distinctive catch phrase, "hello, little green friend." Tom is the leader of a violent teen gang, which ride motorcycles and dabble in Black Magic, and call themselves "The Living Dead". In a similar vein, his mother and her sinister butler get their kicks out of holding séances in their home. With her help and following in his father\'s footsteps, Tom makes a pact with the devil to return from the dead. One by one, he and his fellow bikers commit suicide with the goal of returning as one of the "undead". Not all succeed but the ones who do, gather together at a secret place called "The Seven Witches" , after which they continue to terrorize the locals. This was one of the last films of George Sanders, who committed suicide soon after its completion. Despite having a following amongst fans of cult British cinema, Nicky Henson is publicly very critical of Psychomania. In August 2011, UK based label Spoke Records reissued John Cameron\'s Frog "Witch Hunt/Living Dead" Psychomania theme music on a limited edition vinyl 7".'] ['Doug Madsen , Woody Stevens , Bobby Davis , and Dudley Frank  are four middle-aged suburban men living in a Cincinnati area suburb who find themselves frustrated with the pace of daily life and lack of adventure. Doug is a dentist who has trouble relating to his son Billy , Dudley is a single computer programmer who is afraid to talk to women. Bobby is a henpecked plumber whose wife has made him return to work after having taken a year off to unsuccessfully write a book, and Woody is a rich lawyer married to a supermodel. When Woody finds out his wife is divorcing him and leaving him bankrupt, he suggests a motorcycle road trip to California to the others. Dudley eagerly signs on, while Bobby lies to his wife about having to go to a plumber\'s convention out of town. Meanwhile, Doug is reluctant to leave work, but when his wife agrees that he should stay home because of his age, he becomes upset and suffers what his doctor calls a "catecholamine-induced supra-ventricular tachyarrhythmia" . This prompts Doug\'s wife to convince him to go on the trip. Calling themselves the "Wild Hogs," the foursome encounter several misadventures during the first couple days of their ride, including Dudley accidentally burning their tent, two encounters with a gay highway patrolman, and an awkward moment at a lake when the foursome are skinny dipping and inadvertently frighten off a family who had planned to picnic and swim at the lake. The men then stop at a roadside bar, where they meet the Del Fuego gang, headed by the tough biker Jack . Jack calls the Wild Hogs "posers" and has his gang take Dudley\'s bike, forcing the men to leave with Dudley in a sidecar attached to Woody\'s bike. Upset and humiliated by what just happened, Woody tries to convince the others to go back and get Dudley\'s bike. The others refuse, so Woody sneaks back alone, cuts the fuel lines of the other bikes, and retrieves Dudley\'s bike. Woody tells the others that he threatened to sue the Del Fuegos if they didn\'t give him Dudley\'s bike. When the Del Fuegos hear the Wild Hogs riding back past the bar, they try to pursue them, only for the bikes to stall. Jack accidentally drops his lit cigarette onto a line of fluid from where Woody cut the gas lines of the bikes, causing a chain reaction that blows up the bar. Woody sees the bar explosion in his rear-view mirror, panics and convinces the others to keep riding instead of filling up at a nearby gas station, not realizing the next station isn\'t for another 200 miles. The Wild Hogs run out of gas and end up in Madrid, New Mexico, where they stumble into a diner and help themselves to water and beer without first paying for the beer. As a result, the townspeople first mistake them for the Del Fuego gang. When the Wild Hogs explain their actions, they learn that the Del Fuegos have been terrorizing the town regularly, while the local police force, which has very little training and no guns, can\'t do anything to protect the town. Although Woody is still antsy about the Del Fuegos, the others convince him to stay in the town overnight. During their stay in the town, Dudley falls in love with Maggie , the diner\'s owner, while two Del Fuegos spot the foursome and report their location to Jack. Jack tells his scouts not to hurt the Wild Hogs until he gets there. The Wild Hogs confront the scouts and, believing Woody\'s story, get the scouts to leave and are hailed as heroes. The next day, a still-uneasy Woody finally convinces the others to leave, but then the entire Del Fuego gang shows up. Jack threatens to wreak havoc on the town unless the Wild Hogs pay for the damage to the bar. Woody admits what he really did to get Dudley\'s bike back as well as the real reason for the trip. Jack takes over Maggie\'s diner, but when he threatens to burn it, Dudley confronts them and is captured. The others join Dudley but are repeatedly beaten down. The townspeople band together to confront the Del Fuegos, but just then Damien Blade , Jack\'s father and the founder of the Del Fuegos, arrives and orders the gang to back off. Blade berates Jack for letting four "posers" hold off an entire biker gang, questioning aloud just which side was the "posers," and saying that the bar was merely an insurance scam. Blade tells the Del Fuegos to leave town, and ride the open road until they remember what riding is really about, mentioning as he leaves that Jack "takes after his mother." Doug and Bobby\'s wives arrive, and Doug reconciles with his son. Bobby\'s wife orders him to return with her, but he refuses, finally standing up to her and convincing her to let him finish the ride. The Wild Hogs leave, reaching California, and in a scene similar to one at the beginning of the movie, Dudley becomes distracted and nearly loses control of his bike. This time, however, he keeps control, while the others, in an ironic twist, crash into a tandem surfboard. In the end credits, it is revealed that the Wild Hogs had called Extreme Makeover: Home Edition to give the Del Fuegos a new bar to call home. While most of the bike gang is ecstatic and grateful for their new home, Jack is shown only crying and not saying anything, most likely out of joy.'] ["Halsy Knox, a professional motorcycle racer, runs into Little Fauss, an amateur racer, after a race held near Phoenix, Arizona. They strike up a friendship as Fauss is attracted to Halsy's carefree lifestyle. Fauss's father, however, regards Halsy as a bad influence on his son and refuses to help Halsy when his truck breaks down. When Halsy arrives later at the motorcycle repair shop where Fauss is employed he tricks the admiring Fauss into repairing his motorcycle for free. Halsy, who has been barred from racing for drinking on the track, proposes that they form a partnership in which Halsy would race under Fauss's name with Fauss serving as the mechanic. Fauss joins Halsy on the motorcycle racing circuit despite his parent's disapproval. Fauss is constantly confronted with his inferiority to Halsy, both on and off the racetrack. Their partnership is finally broken when Rita Nebraska, a drop-out from a wealthy background, arrives at the racetrack and immediately attaches herself to Halsy, despite the attention Fauss pays her. Fauss returns home to his parents after breaking his leg in a motorcycle accident. Several months later, when his leg has healed, Halsy visits him and attempts to ditch Rita, who is now pregnant. Fauss, however, refuses to take her. He informs Halsy that he plans to reenter the racing circuit. The two men race against each other a short time later at the Sears Point International Raceway. Halsy's motorcycle breaks down. As he leaves the track, he hears the announcement that Fauss has taken the lead. In addition to the above Plot summary, at the Sears Point meeting Little tells Halsey that he has been drafted. The difference between these two charachters is further defined."] ["As a group of bikers moves across the desert, they come across an old church that a satanic cult has taken over. The cultists give them drugged food, and the bikers soon fall asleep. That night the cultists cast a curse on the biker leader's girlfriend, that makes her turn into a werewolf after nightfall; she soon infects her boyfriend. The bikers leave the church, and begin to be killed off whenever they stop for the night. Things come to a climax when the couple changes in front of the bikers, who quickly kill the beasts. The bikers return to the church to have their revenge, but stop when they see themselves in the cult-procession."] ['In between sprees featuring drugs, fights, sexual assault, loud revving Harley chopper engines and bongo drums, the Angels ride out to Mecca, California in the desert to look for the Loser\'s stolen motorcycle. They blame a group of Mexicans in a repair shop, and the two groups brawl. The police arrive, chasing the Angels on foot, and the Loser escapes by stealing a police motorcycle. After a chase on mountain roads, one of the officers shoots the Loser in the back, putting him in the hospital. Blues leads a small group of Angels that sneaks him out of the hospital, and one of them begins to sexually attack a black nurse until Blues pulls him away. The nurse identifies Blues to police though he stopped the attack. Without proper medical care, the Loser goes into shock and dies. His cohorts forge a death certificate and arrange a church funeral in the Loser’s rural hometown. Blues interrupts the service and, the Angels have a "party." The Angels remove the Loser from his Nazi flag-draped casket, sit him up and place a joint in his mouth, knock out the minister, place him in the casket, and two Angels drug and rape the Loser’s grieving widow, Gaysh, while Blues is apparently having sex with another woman. Later, the Angels proceed to the Sequoia Grove cemetery to bury the Loser. There, the locals throw stones at the Angels and provoke a fight. As police sirens approach and everyone scatters, Mike begs Blues to leave immediately, but he refuses and tells her to leave with another member of the gang. Blues stays behind, and before burying his friend on his own, says with resignation, "There’s nowhere to go."'] ['The Black Rebels Motorcycle Club, a group of bikers led by Johnny Strabler , rides into Carbonville, California during a motorcycle race and causes trouble. A member of the gang, Mouse , steals the second place trophy  and presents it to Johnny. Stewards and policemen order them to leave. The bikers head to Wrightsville, which only has one elderly, conciliatory lawman, Chief Harry Bleeker ([[Robert Keith , to maintain order. The residents are uneasy, but mostly willing to put up with their visitors. When their antics cause Art Kleiner ([[Will Wright  to swerve and crash his car, he demands that something be done, but Harry is reluctant to act, a weakness that is not lost on the interlopers. This accident results in the gang having to stay longer in town as one member injured himself falling off his motorcycle. Although the young men become more and more boisterous, their custom is enthusiastically welcomed by Frank Bleeker  who runs the local cafe-bar, employing Harry\'s daughter, Kathie and the elderly Jimmy . At the Bleeker\'s cafe, Johnny meets Kathie, ([[Mary Murphy . He asks her out to a dance being held that night. Kathie politely turns him down, but she is visibly intrigued by Johnny\'s dark, brooding personality. When another local girl  asks him "What are you rebelling against, Johnny?", he answers "Whaddaya got?" Johnny is attracted to Kathie and decides to stay a while. However, when he learns that she is the policeman\'s daughter, he changes his mind. Then a rival biker gang, The Beetles, arrives. Their leader, Chino , bears a grudge against Johnny. Chino reveals the two groups used to be one large gang before Johnny split it up. When Chino takes Johnny\'s trophy, the two begin to fight and Johnny wins. When local Charlie Thomas  stubbornly tries to drive through, he hits a parked motorcycle and injures Meatball, one of Chino\'s bikers. Chino pulls Charlie out and leads both gangs to overturn his car. Harry intervenes and begins to arrest both Chino and Charlie, but when other townspeople remind Harry that Charlie would cause problems for him in the future, he only takes Chino to the station. Later that night, Chino\'s gang abducts Charlie and puts him in the same jail cell as Chino, who is too drunk to leave with his friends. Some Beetles members harass the telephone switchboard operator into leaving thereby disrupting the townspeople\'s communication. Later, as both gangs wreck the town and intimidate the inhabitants, some bikers led by Gringo  chase and surround Kathie, but Johnny rescues her and takes her on a long ride in the countryside. Frightened at first, Kathie comes to see that Johnny is genuinely attracted to her and means her no harm. When she opens up to him and asks to go with him, he rejects her. Crying, she runs away. Johnny drives off to search for her. This is seen and misinterpreted by Art Kleiner. The townspeople have had enough; Johnny\'s supposed assault on Kathie is the last straw. Vigilantes led by Charlie Thomas chase and catch Johnny and beat him mercilessly, but he escapes on his motorcycle when the mob is confronted by Harry. The mob give chase, and he is hit by a thrown tire iron and falls. His riderless motorcycle strikes and kills Jimmy. Sheriff Singer  arrives with his deputies and restores order. Johnny is initially arrested for Jimmy\'s death. Kathie pleads on his behalf. Seeing this, two witnesses step forward and testify that Johnny was not responsible for the tragedy. Johnny is unable to thank them. The motorcyclists are ordered to leave the county albeit paying for all damage. Returning alone to Wrightsville, however, Johnny re-visits the cafe to say goodbye to Kathie one final time. He smiles awkwardly offering her his stolen trophy before leaving.'] 