['In the 1980s, video games were synonymous with arcades, and games were bringing in enough quarters to fill the Rose Bowl. This led Iowa entrepreneur Walter Day to declare himself the sole authority on high scores. In 1982, Day launched his Twin Galaxies International Scoreboard. Teenage superstars came from all over North America to join Walter in a Life magazine feature spread, which recognized them as video game world champions. This led to the nationally televised 1982 Video Game World Championships, a touring National Video Game Team, and the promise of fame, fortune and groupies. The film revisits Day and the Life players, now middle-aged men, as they reminisce on the arcade scene, its demise, and the dreams that crashed with it.'] ['The film opens in 1940, with Lawrence in a screening room watching a documentary film chronicling her life, then flashes back to Clapham in 1915, when she leaves home to join her vaudevillian father in a dilapidated Brixton music hall. Eventually she joins the chorus in André Charlot\'s West End revue. She reunites with close childhood friend Noël Coward who provides witty commentary on Gertie\'s actions. Charlot becomes annoyed with Gertie\'s efforts to stand out, literally, from the chorus. He threatens to fire her, but stage manager Jack Roper intercedes and gets her hired as a general understudy to the leads. She marries Jack, but it\'s clear she is more inclined to perform onstage than stay home and play wife. While pregnant, she insists on going on for an absent star, and captivates the audience with her own star-making performance of "Burlington Bertie". Charlot and Roeper witness the audiences warm approval, and both realize, Charlot grudgingly and Roeper wistfully, that Gertie belongs on the stage. After their daughter Pamela is born, Gertrude is angered when Roper takes the baby on a pub-crawl, and leaves him. A subsequent courtship with Sir Anthony Spencer, an English nobleman, polishes Gertie\'s rough edges and transforms her into a lady. Caught at a chic supper club when she is supposed to be on a sick day, she is fired from the Charlot Revue. Squired by Spencer, she becomes the famous darling of society. Coward then convinces Charlot to feature her in his new production, and she is finally recognized as a star. When the revue opens in New York City, she dallies with an actor and a banker, bringing the number of her suitors to three. Gertrude faces financial ruin after spending all her considerable earnings, but ultimately manages to pay back her debtors and retain her glamor. As her career soars, her long-distance relationship with her daughter deteriorates. When Pamela cancels an anticipated holiday with Gertie, she gets roaring drunk and insults a roomful of people at a surprise birthday party thrown by Coward. Among the insultees at the party is American theatre producer Richard Aldrich. When he returns to escort the hung-over star home, he gives an honest appraisal of her. She is insulted, then intrigued by him, making an unannounced visit to his Cape Playhouse where she proposes to play the lead. They argue at rehearsal. He proposes marriage, she throws him out. Back on Broadway, she has trouble getting a handle on a crucial "The Saga of Jenny" number in Lady in the Dark. Aldrich turns up at a daunting rehearsal where he observes her frustration and takes her, with Coward, out to a nightclub. She protests, then realizes the kind of performance they are watching is the key to her dilemma in the show. Coward pronounces him "a very clever man." After a rousing performance of "Jenny," the film ends with her marriage to Aldrich, eight years before her triumph in The King and I and untimely death from liver cancer at age 54.'] ['Jane Austen  is the younger daughter of Reverend George Austen  and his wife  and has yet to find a suitable husband. She wishes to be a writer, to the dismay of her mother and proud delight of her father. Thomas Lefroy  is a promising lawyer with a bad reputation, which he describes as "typical" for people in the profession. Tom makes a bad first impression upon meeting Jane, when he nearly falls asleep while she gives a reading of her work for the company. Overhearing his subsequent criticism, Jane cannot stand the arrogant Irishman. Meanwhile she turns down the affections of other men, including Mr. Wisley , the nephew and heir of the wealthy Lady Gresham . Wisley proposes, but Jane ultimately rejects him due to lack of affection. The mischievous Tom encounters Jane again; they argue, but increasingly take interest in each other, and Tom demonstrates that he takes Jane\'s literary aspirations seriously. In time they fall in love. Tom, Jane, her brother Henry ([[Joe Anderson , and Jane\'s rich widowed cousin, Eliza, Comtesse de Feullide , conspire to receive an invitation from Tom\'s uncle and benefactor, the Lord Chief Judge Langlois of London,  for the rich "Madame La Comtesse" and her friends. This visit is meant to be a short break in their journey to see Jane\'s brother, Edward. This would allow Judge Langlois to get to know Jane before and give a blessing for their marriage. Full of hope, Jane cannot sleep during the night at the Judge\'s place. In a flow of inspiration, she then begins the writing of First Impressions, the manuscript that will become Pride and Prejudice. However, Judge Langlois receives a letter informing him of the genteel poverty of Jane\'s family, and he refuses to give Tom his blessing, declaring that he would wish Tom to be the whoremonger he had been rather than allow him to live in poverty because of a bad marriage. Tom tells Jane that he cannot marry her, and she is crushed, not knowing that Tom has a legitimate reason; his family depends on him financially. Jane goes back home and soon learns that Tom has become engaged to someone else at the arrangement of his family. Jane accepts the marriage proposal of Mr. Wisley, whom she had earlier turned down. Later, Tom realises he cannot live without Jane, and returns, asking Jane to run away with him, for "what value will there be in life, if we are not together?" Jane agrees, and they leave, with only Jane\'s sister Cassandra  knowing they plan to marry in secret. On the way, Jane stumbles upon a letter from Tom\'s mother, and realises his situation: he sends money he receives from his uncle back to his parents and siblings, and his family cannot survive without it. She tells Tom that they cannot elope, not with so many people depending upon him. He insists that he and Jane must marry and tells her he will earn money, but Jane tells him that it will not be enough; he will never be able to make enough money to support his dependents with a High Court judge  as an enemy and with a penniless wife. Distraught, Tom asks her if she loves him, and she replies, “Yes, but if our love destroys your family, then it will destroy itself, in a long, slow degradation of guilt and regret and blame." She leaves to go home. Jane catches a last glimpse of Tom through the carriage window as he briefly follows, the horses outpacing him. Twenty years later, Jane, now a successful author and by choice unmarried, sees Tom pass by during a gathering. Her brother Henry, now married to Eliza, goes after Tom and brings him to her. Tom introduces his eldest daughter , who admires Jane\'s novels. As she asks Jane to read aloud, he remonstrates her by her name, also Jane. Astonished that he named his eldest after her, Jane agrees to read. The last scene shows Tom\'s daughter sitting by Jane as she reads aloud from Pride and Prejudice, while Tom watches Jane affectionately. As she concludes, their eyes meet, and Tom joins the rest of the company in honouring Jane and her work with applause.'] ["The film is structured around lengthy flashbacks as the elderly Charlie Chaplin   recollects moments from his life during a conversation with fictional character George Hayden , the editor of his autobiography. Chaplin's recollections begin with his childhood of extreme poverty, from which he escapes by immersing himself in the world of the London music halls, after which he relocates to the United States. There are references to some of his many romantic episodes (including Hetty Kelly, Mildred Harris, Georgia Hale, Marion Davies, Edna Purviance, Lita Grey, Paulette Goddard, [[Joan Barry , his professional collaboration with Mack Sennett and friendship with Douglas Fairbanks."] ['"It is not a language that flows out of you", an immigrant writer says of Hebrew, which he first learned when he moved to Israel. "It\'s more like shoveling gravel out of your mouth." Hebrew might be Israel\'s national language, but the nation has always had a large number of immigrants who arrive speaking their own native tongues. According to Misafa Lesafa, these Israeli immigrants face a conflict between the reflexive language of their childhood and the new language that surrounds them, and no one feels this conflict more sharply than the artists whose passions rely on words. Misafa Lesafa explores the inner workings of writers’ mind to reveal how each one handles their craft differently, and responds differently to the common linguistic conflict they face: How do you find your voice when two languages pull you in different directions? One Russian poet says he felt that being bilingual would threaten his writing because instead of using one language perfectly, he would rely on two watered-down, imperfect languages. He speaks violently when explaining how he had to force Russian out of his mind once he learned Hebrew. Although Russian words were eventually lost, he grew to realize that his poems borrowed their musical rhythm from Pushkin and Lermontov—the great Russian writers who had first impressed him. Many of the poets share this intensity when they speak about language. One woman describes her relationship to her first language in terms of a primal, infantile love. Like a little girl crawling into her mother’s lap, she says, she sinks into her native tongue when she is emotionally strained. And when she hears it spoken, it feels like drinking motherly milk.'] ["Set in the period between 1784 and 1789, the film portrays Jefferson as an ambassador at Versailles prior to the French Revolution. French liberals and intellectuals hope he will lead them away from the corruption of the court of King Louis XVI and Marie-Antoinette and toward a more democratic form of government. Although deploring the poverty of the common people, he embraces the riches of French culture and civilization. It is his first time abroad, and he takes advantage of the opportunity to extend his knowledge of liberal arts and science while absorbing the refinements France has to offer. A lonely widower, Jefferson develops a close friendship with beautiful Anglo-Italian painter and musician Maria Cosway. Although she becomes increasingly devoted to him, his attachments to the memory of his wife, to whom he promised never to marry again, and to his two daughters, especially the elder, possessive Patsy, prevent him from fully committing to the relationship. At the same time, he succumbs to his attraction to his younger daughter Polly's nurse Sally Hemings, his wife's half-sister sired by her father with one of his mulatto slaves. Sally's brother James is in Paris as well, learning to prepare French cuisine for Monticello. When George Washington offers Jefferson the post of Secretary of State, he accepts and prepares to sail home with his family. But James, having enjoyed his freedom in Paris, is not willing to return to the United States and urges Sally to remain with him. It is only when Jefferson promises he will give James and Sally - who is pregnant with Jefferson's child - their freedom that they consent to leave with him."] ['The film begins circa 2008  with an elderly Lady Thatcher buying milk unrecognized by other customers and walking back from the shop alone. Over the course of three days we see her struggle with dementia and with the lack of power that comes with old age, while looking back on defining moments of her personal and professional life, on which she reminisces with her  husband, Denis Thatcher. She is shown as having difficulty distinguishing between the past and present. A theme throughout the film is the personal price which Thatcher has paid for power. Denis is portrayed as somewhat ambivalent about his wife\'s rise to power, her son Mark lives in South Africa and is shown as having little contact with his mother, and it is implied that Thatcher\'s relationship with her daughter Carol is at times strained. In flashback we are shown Thatcher\'s youth, working in the family grocery store in Grantham, listening to the political speeches of her father, whom she idolized - it is also hinted that she had a poor relationship with her mother, a housewife - and announcing that she has won a place at the University of Oxford. She remembers her struggle, as a young lower-middle class woman, to break into a snobbish male-dominated Tory party and find a seat in the House of Commons, along with businessman Denis Thatcher\'s marriage proposal to her. Her struggles to fit in as a "Lady Member" of the House, and as Education Secretary in Edward Heath\'s cabinet are also shown, as are her friendship with Airey Neave , her decision to stand for Leader of the Conservative Party, and her voice coaching and image change. Further flashbacks examine historical events during her time as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom including the rising unemployment related to her monetarist policies and the tight 1981 budget , the Brixton Riots of 1981, the miners\' strike of 1984–5, and the bombing of the Grand Hotel during the 1984 Conservative Party Conference, when she and Denis were almost killed. We also see  her decision to retake the Falkland Islands following the islands\' invasion by Argentina in 1982, the sinking of the ARA General Belgrano and Britain\'s subsequent victory in the Falklands War, her friendship with Ronald Reagan and emergence as a world figure, and the economic boom of the late 1980s. By 1990 Thatcher is shown as an imperious but aging figure, ranting aggressively at her Cabinet, refusing to accept that the Community Charge  is regarded as unjust, and fiercely opposed to European Integration. Her deputy Geoffrey Howe resigns after being humiliated by her in a Cabinet meeting, Michael Heseltine challenges her for the party leadership and her loss of support from her Cabinet colleagues leaves her little choice but to resign as Prime Minister, about which she is shown as still angry and bitter twenty years later. Eventually, Margaret is shown packing up her late husband\'s belongings, and telling him it\'s time for him to go. Denis\'s ghost leaves her fully dressed but without his shoes - in spite of her cries that she is not yet ready to lose him, and she is left alone washing up a teacup.'] ['The film opens with Harlow as a struggling extra and bit actress dealing with her greedy stepfather Marino  and oblivious mother "Mama Jean" . With the help of Arthur Landau , she rises to fame and gains the unwanted attention of the Howard Hughes-inspired Richard Manley . She then marries Paul Bern , an absentee husband who kills himself some time after the marriage. His death, combined with the stress of her career leads Harlow on an odyssey of failed relationships and alcoholism, culminating in her death of pneumonia at the age of twenty-six.'] ['Scandals and pratfalls abound in this satirical and sexy look at the silent movie era. Involves some of the most famous stars of the 1920s, including Rudolph Valentino, Gloria Swanson, Clara Bow, Lupe Vélez, Fatty Arbuckle, and William Desmond Taylor.'] ['Vincent is the story of a young boy, Vincent Malloy, who pretends to be like the actor Vincent Price . He is obsessed with the tales of Edgar Allan Poe, and it is his detachment from reality when reading them that leads to his delusions that he is in fact a tortured artist, deprived of the woman he loves, mirroring certain parts of Poe\'s "The Raven". The film ends with Vincent feeling terrified of being tortured by the going-ons of his make-believe world, quoting "The Raven" as he falls to the floor in frailty, believing himself to be dead.'] ['Lou Gehrig  is a young Columbia University student whose old-fashioned mother  wants him to study hard and become an engineer. But the young man has a gift for baseball. A sportswriter  befriends Gehrig and persuades a scout to come see him play. Before long Gehrig signs with the team he has always revered, the Yankees. With the help of his father , he endeavors to keep his career change a secret from his mother. Gehrig works his way up through the minor leagues and finally joins the Yankees. His hero, Babe Ruth, is at first condescending and dismissive of the rookie; but his strong, consistent play wins over Ruth and the rest of the team, and before long Gehrig is joining his teammates in playing pranks on Ruth on the team train. During a game Gehrig trips over a stack of bats and is teased by a spectator, Eleanor , who laughingly calls him "tanglefoot". Their relationship grows, and soon Lou pops the question. Gehrig\'s mother, who still hasn\'t accepted the fact that her son will not be an engineer, does not take the news of his pending marriage well; but Lou finally stands up to her and marries Eleanor. The Yankees become the most dominant team in baseball, and Gehrig becomes a fan favorite. His father and fully converted mother attend games and cheer for him. In a re-creation of a famous  story, Gehrig visits a crippled boy named Billy  in a hospital. He promises to hit two home runs in a single World Series game in the boy\'s honor—then fulfills his promise. Gehrig is now the "Iron Horse", a national hero at the peak of his career with multitudes of fans, many loyal friends, and an adoring wife; but then he notices, with growing alarm, that his strength is gradually ebbing away. Though he continues to play, and extends his consecutive-game streak to a seemingly insurmountable record, his physical condition continues its inexorable decline. One day, in Detroit, he tells Yankees manager Joe McCarthy ([[Harry Harvey  that he has become a detriment to the team and benches himself. After an examination, a doctor gives him the awful news: Gehrig has a rare, incurable disease, and only a short time to live. A year later, at Lou Gehrig Day at Yankee Stadium, an older Billy  finds Gehrig and shows him that he has made a full recovery, inspired by his hero\'s example and the two-homer fulfilled promise. Then, as Eleanor weeps softly in the stands, Gehrig addresses the fans: "People all say that I\'ve had a bad break," he says. "But today ... today, I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the Earth."'] ['Aldo Bonnard  is about to divorce his wife Alice  while his new boss, Gérard ([[Richard Berry , is a hypocritical man. Worse, he discovers that his wife has an affair with his boss. But one day, he wins a lottery of 10 million euros. He decides to leave his job and not to reveal the news to his wife until the day of the divorce.'] ["The meerkat Flower is born in the Kalahari Desert on March 15, 2000, to Holly, the leader of a meerkat group called the Whiskers. After an attack by a rival group, the Lazuli, the Whiskers are forced to surrender their territory and move to a new home. A hawk kills Holly when Flower is a year old, and her father abandons the group to find a new mate. Flower's sister Viale becomes the group's matriarch and chooses Youssarian, a roving male from the Lazuli, as her mate. Flower mates with Yossarian's brother, Zaphod, but Viale kills the resulting pups and banishes Flower from the group, allowing her to return later. During a time of starvation and drought, Viale attempts to lead the group across a road to forage. As she crosses, she is struck and killed by a passing truck. As the Whiskers attempt to adjust to the loss of their leader, a snake approaches the group. Flower steps in to lead an attack to drive it off. In doing so, she becomes the new leader of the group. Zaphod returns to the group to be her mate, while Yossarian steps aside and leaves the group. Flower leads the Whiskers back to their original home, and after a brief battle, the Whiskers reclaim it from the Lazuli. At end of the film, an on-screen note describes Flower's death during the third season of Meerkat Manor and the children she left behind."] ['Martha & Ethel tells the stories of two women in their 80s: a German-Catholic woman named Martha and an African-American woman named Ethel, the former nannies of director/producer Jyll Johnstone and co-producer Barbara Ettinger. It examines each woman’s background and hiring into affluent New York families. The Johnstone and Ettinger children, now grown, reflect on how Martha and Ethel played formative—and often confusing—roles in their lives.'] ['With a little humorous approach, the film explores human advances in the field of sciences. Both Apted and Paul G. Allen, director and film financer respectively, deploy segments of interviews with several scientists and researchers about their views in science, in the same way they previously did with arts in the documentary Inspirations. People that are featured in the film are: *Gertrude Elion. *Ashok Gadgil. *Michio Kaku. *Maja Mataric. *Steven Pinker. *Karol Sikora. *Patricia Wright.'] ['In 1609, Galileo Galilei is a mathematics professor in Padua, Italy. While his salary is inadequate, he possesses the freedom to pursue controversial scientific studies under the protection of the Venetian republic. Part of his work involves the use of a telescope, a relatively new scientific instrument brought from the Netherlands. Using the telescope, Galileo seeks to test the theories put forth by Nicolaus Copernicus that place the sun – and not the Earth – at the center of universe. As his research progress, Galileo accepts a more prestigious academic position in Florence, Italy. But his new position does not come with the government protection he enjoyed in Venice, and his friends in the higher echelons of the Roman Catholic Church refuse to come to his aid when he is summoned before the Inquisition.<ref name/19750101/REVIEWS/501010323/1023 “Galileo,” Chicago Sun-Times, January 1, 1975]'] ["The movie follows Sakamoto's life from being 3 years old to a teenager and finally a family father. The plot focuses on many well known things about his life such as the background of the popular song Sukiyaki  and his death in the Japan Airlines Flight 123 plane crash in 1985. It also brings up some more obscure aspects such as surviving a car accident, how he met his wife Yukiko Kasiwagi as well as his time in the Japanese band Paradise King."] ['In 1961, a young Abraham Quintanilla and his band "The Dinos" are rejected by a white restaurant owner for an audition due to their "Whites Only" policy. They then perform to a Mexican audience at a nightclub called "Lerma\'s", but a riot ensues when they sing "We Belong Together" and the band is forced to flee. In 1981, Abraham is married to Marcela Samora and now has three kids. When his daughter Selena  sings with him while he is playing the guitar one day, he is amazed by her singing voice and decides to manage a band called "Selena y los Dinos" with Selena as the lead singer, and his son A.B.  on bass, and his other daughter Suzette  on drums. He soon opens a restaurant for people to eat at and there Selena sings in front of the customers, and is warmly received. Unfortunately, the Quintanilla family goes bankrupt and loses the restaurant. They move to Corpus Christi, Texas to live with Abraham\'s brother. There, Selena performs at a carnival and is poorly received, but one day, while the family is on the beach Marcela hears a song on the radio and teaches Selena about a rhythm called Cumbia, which helps her and her band become more popular. In 1989, Selena  surprises her father when she wears and creates her first bustier. He gets upset, but Selena convinces him that "it\'s a cool thing." Selena meets a guitarist, Chris Perez, who after joining the band, develops a friendship with Selena. Abraham does not approve of Chris after his former rock band members trash a hotel suite even though he greatly helped in making music for the band. While Selena performs in Monterrey, Mexico, the crowd gets wild. Selena calms them down by singing her hit "Como La Flor". Chris and Selena\'s friendships grows into love and when Abraham catches them hugging on their tour bus, Big Bertha, he fires Chris from the band and threatens a heartbroken Selena that if she continues seeing him, he will disband the Dinos. Selena and Chris continue seeing each other behind Abraham\'s back, but soon Selena becomes tired and tells Chris that she wants to marry him right away. In 1992 Selena and Chris elope secretly, but their marriage soon makes headlines on the radio. Selena goes to see Abraham, but he tells her that he is glad she did what she did, only wanting what was best for her ; also on the verge of tears herself, Selena comforts him. Chris is accepted into the Quintanilla family and returns to being the guitarist for Los Dinos. During one of Selena\'s live performances, Jose Behar  and his music associates tell Abraham that they want to make an English language album for Selena. In 1994, Selena opens her first boutique called "Selena Etc.", which her fan-club president Yolanda Saldivar manages, and her album Selena Live! wins a Grammy Award for Best Mexican-American album. As 1995 begins, she starts recording her crossover album, and Saldivar gives her a friendship ring, lying that it was only from her when it was really a gift from Selena\'s staff and Saldivar. Later, Selena finds out from Abraham that Yolanda was stealing money from the fan club and a lot of business records have gone missing. On March 9, Abraham, Selena, and Suzette confront Yolanda about the evidence, but she denies taking anything from Selena at all. Selena continues to achieve fame and her concert at the Houston Astrodome on February 26 attracts a record breaking crowd of 65,000. However, just one month later, on March 31, she was murdered by Yolanda Saldivar. Saldivar is arrested after a brief standoff while Selena\'s fans, friends, and family are left grieving over her death. The film ends with footage of the real Selena while the song "Dreaming of You" plays.'] ['Alvin Straight has not shown up to his regular bar meeting with his friends. He is eventually found lying on his floor at home, although he insists that he "just needs a bit of help getting up". His daughter Rose takes her reluctant father to see a doctor, who sternly admonishes Alvin to give up alcohol and tobacco. He also tells Alvin that he should start using a walker. Alvin refuses, and does not tell Rose. Alvin then learns that his brother Lyle has suffered a stroke. Longing to visit him, but unable to drive, Alvin gradually develops a plan to travel to Mount Zion on his "ancient" riding lawn-mower and towing a small homemade travel-trailer, to the consternation of his family and friends. Alvin\'s first attempt fails: after experiencing difficulty starting the old mower\'s motor, he doesn\'t get far before the machine finally breathes its last, and he is forced to flag down a passing bus. Alvin arranges for his mower to be transported back home on a flatbed truck , where he takes out his frustrations on the mower by blowing up its motor and gas tank with a well-aimed shotgun blast. At the John Deere store, he purchases a newer replacement lawn tractor from a salesman  who is generous but describes Alvin as being reputed a smart man, \'until now. \' Alvin continues on his quest. He passes a young female hitchhiker who later approaches his campfire and says that she could not get a ride. In conversation, Alvin astutely deduces that she is pregnant  and has run away from home. He reveals more information about his daughter: one night somebody was watching Rose\'s children and there was a fire and one of her sons got badly burned; the state then decided that Rose was not competent to look after her children and took them away from her. Alvin tells the hitchhiker about the importance of family by describing a bundle of sticks that is hard to break . The next day Alvin emerges from the trailer to find that his hitchhiker friend has left him a bundle of sticks tied together, implying that she plans to return home to her own family. He continues with his journey. Alvin enjoys watching a rainstorm from the shelter of an abandoned farmhouse. The next scene shows Alvin as a huge group of RAGBRAI cyclists race past him. He later arrives at the cyclists\' camp and he is greeted with applause. He speaks with them about growing old. When he is asked about the worst part of being old, he replies \'remembering when you was young. \' The next day, Alvin is troubled by the massive trucks passing him. He then interacts with a distraught woman who has hit a deer, and is being driven to distraction by the fact that she continually hits deer while commuting, no matter how hard she tries to avoid them. She drives away in a tearful huff, and Alvin, who had started to run short of food, cooks and eats the deer, then mounts the antlers above the rear doorway of his trailer as a tribute to the deer and the human sustenance it had provided. In the next scene, Alvin\'s brakes fail as he travels down a steep hill; he struggles to maintain control of the speeding tractor and finally manages to bring the vehicle to a complete stop. Some townspeople help get Alvin\'s mower and trailer off the road. They later discover that the mower also has transmission problems. Now beginning to run low on cash, Alvin borrows a cordless phone from a homeowner - gently but resolutely refusing an invitation to come indoors - and calls Rose to ask her to send him his Social Security check. He then leaves money on the doorstep to pay for his long-distance telephone call. A local motorist offers Alvin a ride the rest of the way to Lyle\'s, but Alvin declines, stating that he prefers to travel his own way. An elderly war veteran takes him into town for a drink, and Alvin tells a story about how he is haunted by a memory of accidentally shooting one of his military comrades. Alvin\'s tractor is fixed and he is presented with an exorbitant bill by the mechanics, who are twins and are constantly bickering. Alvin successfully negotiates the price down, and explains his mission, which he calls \'a hard swallow to [my] pride\', but \'A brother is a brother. \' The mechanic twins seem to relate to this, realizing that they should make peace, also. Later, Alvin camps in a cemetery and chats with a priest. The priest recognizes Lyle\'s name and is aware of his stroke. The priest says that Lyle did not mention that he had a brother. Alvin replies that \'neither one of us has had a brother for quite some time.\' Alvin wants to make peace with Lyle and is emphatic that whatever happened ten years ago does not matter anymore. "I say, \'Amen\' to that, Brother" the priest replies. The next obstacle that Alvin must overcome is apparent engine trouble, just a few miles from Lyle\'s house. Alvin stops in the middle of the road, unsure of how to proceed. A large farm tractor driving by then stops to help, but fortunately this time the problem was evidently just a few drops of bad gas, because the lawn-tractor\'s engine sputters to life again after sitting for a few minutes. The gracious farmer then leads the way on his own tractor, and drives along slowly ahead of Alvin during the final leg of his journey to make sure he gets there okay. Lyle\'s house is dilapidated. Using his two canes, Alvin makes his way to the door. He calls for his brother. At first Lyle does not appear and Alvin expresses relief when he does. The two brothers make contact, one with a walker and one with two canes. Lyle invites Alvin to sit down. Lyle looks at Alvin\'s mower-tractor contraption and asks if Alvin has ridden that thing just to see him. Lyle is moved. The two men sit and look at the stars, as they had done as children.'] ['Set in 1984 in the heart of the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma, The Doe Boy tells the coming of age story of Hunter , a young man of mixed heritage who is also a haemophiliac.'] ["The documentary painted a hopeless and pessimistic view of the violence in the city. At the time Little Rock was one of the most dangerous cities in the country. Sitting at the intersection of two major interstates from Los Angeles and New York, it had become a haven for drug trafficking. There were prominent gang presences of Bloods, Crips and Hoover's Folk Nation. The documentary brought much attention to the problems in the city; the Little Rock Police force was quadrupled. As a result, the street gang problem was nearly eradicated. While gang presence did decrease in the middle 90s, there is current evidence that local youth are once again beginning to identify with street gangs and drug dealers, such as BOSS, Bogard, and Hoe Hop gangs. Hoe Hop gang have been the most dangerous and has the most members . Steve Nawojczyk GangWar who was the county coroner during the Gang War years, and was featured in the documentary, continues to work in the intervention and prevention of youth gangs. While Gang War: Bangin' in Little Rock followed Nawojczyk while he did his grim work as the county's chief coroner, it also showed his attempts at reducing the record-high homicide rate in Arkansas' capital city. There was a follow up documentary released in 2004 called Gang War 2- Back in the Hood."] ["A man  wanders through a heavy rainstorm finding his way into a restaurant. The restaurant's owner tries to determine if he needs help. Despite his manic mode of speech being difficult to understand, she learns that his name is David Helfgott and that he is staying at a local hotel. She returns him to the hotel and despite his attempts to engage her with his musical knowledge and ownership of various musical scores, she leaves. As a child, David  is competing in a local music competition. Helfgott has been taught to play by his father, Peter , a man obsessed with winning who has no tolerance for failure or disobedience. David is noticed by Mr. Rosen, a local pianist who, after an initial conflict with Peter, takes over David's musical instruction. As a teen, David  wins the state musical championship and is invited to study in America. Although plans are made to raise money to send David and his family is initially supportive, Peter eventually forbids David to leave and abuses him, thinking David leaving would destroy the family. Crushed, David continues to study and befriends local novelist and co-founder of the Communist Party of Australia, Katharine Susannah Prichard . David's talent grows until he is offered a scholarship to the Royal College of Music in London. David's father again forbids him to go but with the encouragement of Katharine, David leaves. In London, David enters a Concerto competition, choosing to play Rachmaninoff's difficult 3rd Concerto, a piece he had attempted to learn as a young child to make his father proud. As David practises, he increasingly becomes manic in his behavior. David wins the competition, but suffers a mental breakdown and is admitted to a psychiatric hospital, where he receives electric shock therapy. David recovers to the point where he is able to return to Australia, but is still rejected by his father. David relapses and is readmitted to a mental institution as a young man. Years later, a volunteer at the institution recognizes David and knows of his musical talent. She takes him home but discovers that he is difficult to control, unintentionally destructive, and needs more care than she can offer. She leaves him at the hotel from earlier in the film. David has difficulty adjusting to life outside the institution, and often wanders away from the hotel. David wanders to the nearby restaurant. The next day David returns to the restaurant, and the patrons are astounded by his ability to play the piano. One of the owners befriends David and looks after him. In return David plays at the restaurant. Through the owner David is introduced to Gillian . David and Gillian fall in love and marry. With Gillian's help and support, David is able to come to terms with his father's death and to stage a well-received comeback concert presaging his return to professional music."] ["A German paratrooper is seen being injured and receiving treatment in Crete during the 1941 German invasion during World War II. He is then detailed to escort a British prisoner of war who recognises him as the famous heavyweight boxer Max Schmeling and asks him to tell his story. Schmeling's boxing matches in the 1930s are then portrayed along with his marriage to the Czech actress Anny Ondra  who dislikes boxing, against a backdrop of the Nazis taking control in Germany. Schmeling has no sympathy for the Nazi ideology and is seen to be protective of his Jewish manager Joe Jacobs . In 1936, a fight in New York City with the formidable Joe Louis  is arranged despite the opposition of the Nazi head of sport who fears he might lose, because Adolf Hitler wants it to go ahead. Schmeling trains hard and studies film of Louis in preparation for the fight which he wins following a knockout in the 12th round. He returns home a hero but when he takes on Louis again in 1938, he is knocked out after 124 seconds. He returns home and helps some victims of Kristallnacht and when war breaks out in 1939, he obeys an instruction to enlist in the paratroops rather than fleeing abroad. The story returns to Crete where Schmeling allows the British prisoner to escape. Back in Germany in 1945, with the German Army on the brink of defeat, he returns to his wife. They abandon their country estate to the advancing Russians and settle in West Germany. Schmeling returns to boxing after failing to find other work."] ['Wild Combination begins with interviews of Russell\'s parents discussing their youngest son\'s childhood. The film describes how Russell as a young boy is obsessed with Timothy Leary and insecure about his acne.“Wild Combination”, Interview in Shook, Retrieved December 10, 2008 Leaving Iowa for San Francisco in the late sixties, he joins a Buddhist collective and befriends Allen Ginsburg. Russell decides to move to New York in the early seventies, where he starts working as the musical director of the Kitchen and becomes part of the downtown scene of artists, sharing an apartment building with Allen Ginsburg and Richard Hell. Russell engages in nearly every music scene the city has to offer: disco at David Mancuso\'s Loft, rock at CBGB, minimal composition at the Kitchen, and Allen Ginsberg\'s poetry recitations.“Wild Combination: A Portrait of Arthur Russell ”, Interview in New York Times, Retrieved December 10, 2008 In 1978, Russell begins dating Tom Lee, whom he stays with until his AIDS-related death in 1992. Other footage shows Russell later in life, ravaged by AIDS, but still able to play his cello and sing."Wild Combination: A Portrait of Arthur Russell ", Interview in Time Out, New York, Retrieved December 12, 2008 Russell eventually succumbs to dementia and throat cancer. The film ends with Emily Russell, Arthur\'s mother, speculating that had Arthur continued to live past forty, "He would have made it, he would have gone far".“Cello Gold”, Interview in Mojo, Retrieved December 11, 2008'] ["Patsy Cline  is unhappily married and playing small-time gigs in the tri-state area consisting of Virginia, West Virginia, and Maryland when she meets Charlie Dick , whose charm and aggressive self-confidence catch her attention. In time, Patsy leaves her husband to marry Charlie, and she gives up music to focus on raising their children. But after Charlie gets drafted into the U.S. Army, Patsy begins singing again, and after joining forces with manager Randy Hughes, Patsy becomes a rising star on the country music scene. However, Patsy's success fuels her self-confidence, much to Charlie's annoyance, and he becomes increasingly physically and emotionally abusive as Patsy attempts to assert her independence. Patsy was at the peak of her popularity as one of the first great female stars of country music when she died in a plane crash on March 5, 1963, at the age of 30."] ['In Ottumwa, Iowa, Walter Day founded Twin Galaxies, an organization formed to keep track of high scores achieved on arcade games in the United States. Billy Mitchell, having achieved the highest ever recorded scores on Donkey Kong and Centipede in the 1980s, remains a video game legend in 2005. Twin Galaxies has now become a global organization. Mitchell is portrayed as unabashedly cocky and fond of self-promotion, proclaiming himself the "Sauce King" of Florida for his successful line of homemade hot sauces. Next to his family, Mitchell considers his arcade scores to be his greatest life achievements. On the other side of the country, in Redmond, Washington, Boeing employee Steve Wiebe has been laid off as a Boeing engineer, and now spends his time as a science teacher. His friends and his wife, Nicole, describe him as an unfortunate figure who always comes up short, despite being proficient at music, sports, art, and mathematics. He was a star baseball pitcher but was injured and unable to pitch in the state championship. He is a gifted drummer yet does not care to perform. Preparing to get back into the workforce, Wiebe begins going to night school to get a masters degree and obtains a Donkey Kong machine to play in his garage as a pastime. After reading about Mitchell\'s world record of 874,300 on the internet, Wiebe focuses on mastering Donkey Kong and successfully achieves a score of 1,006,600 points. Wiebe submits the tape to Twin Galaxies, which propels him to becoming a local celebrity and news topic as the new world record holder for a few weeks. However, Mitchell sends his self-styled protege, retired banker turned pro-gamer Brian Kuh, to investigate Wiebe\'s machine. Kuh finds that the machine\'s circuit board was provided by Roy Shildt, a self-styled fitness guru and pickup artist who claims to hold the high score for Missile Command. Unbeknownst to Wiebe, Shildt and Mitchell have been nemeses for years ever since Mitchell caused Shildt\'s high score to be brought under scrutiny, preventing him from receiving official recognition from Twin Galaxies. Since then, Shildt has been looking for a way to exact clandestine revenge on Mitchell. Based on Wiebe\'s association with Shildt, the staff of Twin Galaxies suspects that Wiebe\'s board might have been tampered with and that he may have achieved his score dishonestly. In order to prove his gaming skills, Wiebe travels to Funspot Arcade in Laconia, New Hampshire, to perform a high score live for Twin Galaxies founder Walter Day and other high-ranking members of Twin Galaxies, hoping to confront Mitchell and play head-to-head. Although Mitchell does not attend, he sends Kuh to observe Wiebe\'s play. Just prior to the kill screen, Kuh is seen gathering a large crowd to witness Wiebe\'s achievement. Wiebe reaches the kill screen and also achieves a new world record of 985,600 points. However, Mitchell immediately sends a low-quality VHS to Funspot, depicting himself achieving a higher score of 1,047,200 points, a move that proves to be a stark contrast to his own opinions throughout the film, in which he repeatedly asserts that live scores are the only credible ones. Despite Wiebe\'s protests that his own first score was disqualified for being submitted via unsupervised videotape, Twin Galaxies accepts Mitchell\'s score over Wiebe\'s and proclaims that Mitchell\'s new score makes Mitchell the record holder once again. Nine months later, Wiebe learns that Guinness World Records wants to publish several of Twin Galaxies\' records — including Mitchell\'s latest score. Wiebe and his family travel to Hollywood, Florida, near Mitchell\'s home, to challenge him in a public competition, but Mitchell refuses to accept the challenge, and Wiebe fails to surpass a million points. Nevertheless, Day, on behalf of Twin Galaxies, finally acknowledges Wiebe\'s integrity and credibility. In a coda to the film, Wiebe achieves the world record of 1,049,100 in his garage.According to the director, this happened while the film was already finished: http://www.thefilmlot.com/interviews/INTsgordon.php'] ['In November 1942, a group of German secretaries are escorted to Adolf Hitler\'s compound at the Wolf\'s Lair in East Prussia. After dictating briefly to one of the secretaries, and despite numerous dictation and typing mistakes, Hitler selects Traudl Humps to be one of his personal secretaries. Three years later, on Hitler\'s fifty-sixth birthday on April 20, 1945, in the midst of the Battle for Berlin. Secretary Traudl Humps  is awakened in the Führerbunker by the sound of Soviet artillery. Later, Generals Wilhelm Burgdorf and Karl Koller confirm to a surprised Hitler that the Red Army is just 12 kilometres from the city centre. At his birthday reception, Reichsführer-SS Heinrich Himmler and his SS adjutant Hermann Fegelein plead with Hitler to leave the city. Instead, Hitler declares, "I will defeat them in Berlin, or face my downfall." Himmler leaves Berlin with the intention of negotiating surrender terms with the Western Allies behind Hitler\'s back. In another part of the city, a group of Hitler Youth members continues to build up defenses for Berlin. Peter, a boy in the group, is urged by his father to desert and flee the city. Peter resists his father and later his unit is part of a group which is awarded the Iron Cross by Hitler. Hitler confides to Peter, "I wish my generals were as brave as you; Heil to You." SS doctor Ernst-Gunther Schenck is ordered to evacuate Berlin as part of Operation Clausewitz. Schenck convinces an SS general to let him stay to treat the wounded and starving. Schenck is requested by Brigadeführer Wilhelm Mohnke to bring all available medical supplies to the Reich Chancellery. Upon searching a deserted hospital, Schenck finds the basement filled with piled corpses and abandoned patients. After finding medical supplies, Schenck unsuccessfully tries to prevent the summary execution of two old men by members of a Greifkommando or Feldgendarmerie. Meanwhile, Hitler discusses his new scorched earth policy to his Minister of Armaments, Albert Speer. Speer pleads for mercy for the German people, but Hitler declares that they are weak and do not deserve to survive. Eva Braun ignores Fegelein\'s pleas to leave Berlin and holds a party for the bunker inhabitants up in the Reich Chancellery, but Soviet artillery shells end the party early. The next day, General Helmuth Weidling is mistakenly thought to have ordered a retreat to the West and is ordered to the bunker to be executed. Weidling explains himself to Burgdorf and Hans Krebs, only to find himself appointed commander of the Berlin Defense Area. In the bunker\'s briefing room, Hitler is informed about Berlin\'s disintegrating defenses. Unmoved, he announces that Waffen SS General Felix Steiner\'s unit will arrive and drive the Red Army out of Berlin. He is then informed that Steiner was unable to mobilize enough men. The news sends Hitler into a rage in which he furiously berates Germany\'s troops and generals. Hitler finally acknowledges that the war is lost, but insists that he will remain in Berlin and commit suicide.Adolf Hitler: "But, gentlemen, if you believe I\'m going to leave Berlin, you are seriously mistaken. I\'d rather blow my brains out," General Mohnke becomes outraged when he sees conscripted civilian troops being gunned down and thus pointlessly killed in the streets. Mohnke learns that they are Volkssturm fighters under the command of Joseph Goebbels. Mohnke has them removed from the line of fire and returns to the Reich Chancellery to confront Goebbels. During their exchange, Goebbels tells Mohnke that he has no pity for the civilians, as they chose their fate. Hitler, Braun, Traudl, and Gerda Christian discuss various means of suicide whilst Krebs, Burgdorf, and other military staff get drunk. Hitler gives Christian and Junge one cyanide capsule each. Eva Braun and Magda Goebbels type goodbye letters: Braun to her sister Gretl and Goebbels to her adult son, Harald Quandt. In the streets of Berlin the child soldiers are annihilated by Soviet fire. Hitler, with Germany losing the war, loses his sense of reality. Field Marshal Keitel is ordered to find Admiral Karl Dönitz, whom Hitler believes is gathering troops in the north, and help him plan an offensive to recover the Romanian oil fields. Oberscharführer Rochus Misch, Hitler\'s radio operator, receives a telegram from Luftwaffe head Hermann Göring, asking for approval to assume command. Bormann reads the telegram to Hitler in which Göring asks permission to become head-of-state and asks for acknowledgment by 10:00&nbsp;pm, at which time he will assume authority in the absence of a response. Walther Hewel tries to justify his actions but Bormann and Goebbels declare Göring\'s actions to be high treason; Hitler orders Göring\'s arrest and removal from office. Privately, Speer urges Hitler one last time to halt the scorched-earth orders, but Hitler refuses. Speer confesses to Hitler that he never implemented the plan, and directly countermanded Hitler\'s orders by secretly instructing the regional administrators to ignore the orders. Hitler is visibly shaken by the news but does not punish Speer who is allowed to leave the city. Hitler summons General Robert Ritter von Greim and his mistress, ace pilot Hanna Reitsch, to the bunker. He appoints von Greim to be Commander-in-Chief of the Luftwaffe which needs to be rebuilt. During dinner, Hitler receives a report that Himmler has just attempted to negotiate a separate peace settlement with the Western Allies. Betrayed by the man he trusted the most, Hitler explodes in another tearful outburst. He orders von Greim and Reitsch to leave Berlin, rendezvous with Dönitz who is preparing a massive pincer strike with Field Marshal Albert Kesselring, and ensure that Himmler is dealt with. Hitler then delusively assures von Greim that he can carry out this pincer strike with a thousand jet aircraft, which have been held in reserve . Reichsphysician SS Ernst-Robert Grawitz, the head of the German Red Cross and responsible for Nazi human medical experiments, requests that he be allowed to leave Berlin for fear of reprisal against him and his family. Hitler denies his request, assuring him that he has nothing to be ashamed of and future generations will "thank him" for his medical research. Grawitz returns to his apartment and kills both his family and himself with grenades during dinner. Hitler wishes to speak to Fegelein about Himmler\'s treachery but Fegelein cannot be found. Hitler is immediately suspicious of Fegelein, which proves right when he finds out that he has deserted the bunker and plans to flee the country. Hitler demands that Fegelein be found and questioned. An RSD squad arrests Fegelein at his apartment. Despite a tearful plea from Eva Braun to spare her brother-in-law\'s life, Hitler is unmoved and denounces him as a traitor. Shortly afterwards, Fegelein is executed by Peter Högl. Weidling reports there are no reserves left and air support has ceased. Mohnke reports that the Red Army is only 300 to 400 meters from the Reich Chancellery and that defending forces can hold out for a day or two at most. Hitler dismisses the update and reassures the officers that General Walther Wenck\'s 12th Army will save them. After Hitler leaves the conference room, Weidling asks the other generals if it is truly possible for Wenck to attack; they all agree it is impossible that Wenck will succeed, but they do not wish to surrender. The following day, Hitler dictates his last will and testament to his secretary, Traudl Junge, before marrying Eva Braun. Hitler has ordered Joseph Goebbels to leave Berlin, but Goebbels intends to ignore the order and die with Hitler. When Hitler\'s adjutant Otto Günsche later brings a reply from Keitel that Wenck\'s army cannot continue its assault on Berlin, Hitler states that he will never surrender. He also forbids all officers to surrender on pain of summary execution. Hitler then gives Günsche the order to cremate his body and that of Eva Braun. Dr. Schenck, Dr. Werner Haase, and a nurse are summoned to the bunker and Haase explains to Hitler the best method for suicide as well as administering poison to Hitler\'s dog, Blondi, which Schenck witnesses. Braun affectionately gives Junge one of her best coats and makes her promise to flee the bunker. Hitler eats his final meal in silence with Constanze Manziarly and his secretaries. He bids farewell to the bunker staff, gives Magda his own Golden Party Badge #1, and then retires to his room with Braun. Now frantic at the thought of a world without Hitler and the possibility of killing off her own children, Magda pleads with Hitler to change his mind. Hitler states, "Tomorrow, millions of people will curse me, but fate has taken its course." Hitler and Braun retreat to their private rooms, and commit suicide. Their lifeless bodies are carried up to ground level and through the bunker\'s emergency exit to the Reich Chancellery garden. There, the corpses are doused in petrol and set alight in a shell crater. From the bunker entrance, surrounding officers give one final Nazi salute. Thereafter, General Krebs leads a small delegation through the Russian lines and tries to negotiate peace terms with Soviet General Vasily Chuikov. Chuikov says that the Soviets will only accept unconditional surrender but Krebs does not have the authority to grant this so he returns to the bunker empty-handed. Unwilling to accept a world without National Socialism, Magda Goebbels poisons her six children while her husband waits. Then Goebbels and Magda proceed up to the Chancellery garden where Goebbels shoots his wife before shooting himself. SS men waiting nearby with petrol cans in hand hasten to the remains to attempt a cremation. The people remaining in the bunker complex agree that they must try to break out of the Soviet encirclement. Krebs and Burgdorf commit suicide as the rest evacuate. Many of the bunker survivors attempt to escape, but are killed in the fighting. Weidling goes out and broadcasts to all the Berliners that the Führer is dead; he has called for a ceasefire with Lieutenant-General Vasily Chuikov. Meanwhile, Schenck and Hewel stay with Mohnke and his remaining SS troops, who debate about what to do once the Soviet troops arrive. Schenck tries to talk sense into Hewel who promised Hitler he would kill himself. When news reaches the officers that Berlin has been surrendered, Hewel and several of the SS officers promptly shoot themselves to Schenck\'s dismay. Outside, child soldier Peter finds that his post has been obliterated by shellfire and his young colleagues are all dead. Aghast, he scrambles away. On a side street, the menacing Greifkommando or Feldgendarmerie men stalk across his path. Peter enters a nearby apartment and finds the squad has executed his parents. In the chaos of the city\'s fall, Traudl Junge reaches an improvised staging area where defeated German soldiers mingle prior to surrender. Peter, in civilian clothes, has reached the same area. Swiftly approaching Red Army ranks are just blocks away though they advance jauntily—seemingly knowing resistance here has been broken. Traudl decides to try leaving and Mohnke gives her advice: keep going and don\'t look the Russians in the eye. She begins her walk as Soviets close in and crowd the way out. Peter emerges and takes her hand as if she were family and pulls her along through the masses. Moving ahead with downcast eyes, Traudl blunders into a celebrating drunken Red Army soldier who turns his attention to her. They make eye contact and it seems as if she will be pressed into the circle of leering men. Then Peter tugs her arm and she is able to hasten away. At a ruined bridge, Peter finds an abandoned bicycle, to Traudl\'s delight. They briskly pedal away from Berlin together. The subsequent fates of the surviving characters are superimposed and the credits roll.'] ['Andre Stander is an officer with the South African Police, newly married with a reputation as the youngest captain on the force, he and his partner are assigned along with other officers to riot duty in the wake of the Soweto uprising. In the chaos of one of the riots in Tembisa, Stander shoots a young, unarmed protester, which deeply affects him and causes him to become disillusioned towards the Apartheid system. One day on his lunch break Stander decides to spontaneously walk in and rob a bank, he thoroughly enjoys the rush and decides to embark on a spree of robberies, even responding to one in official capacity as an officer. In the wake of these robberies, Cor Van Deventer, Stander\'s partner, leads a team assigned to take down the new bank robber. Eventually being able to see through Stander\'s disguises, Deventer\'s team finally makes the arrest, Andre Stander is stripped of his position and sentenced to 32 years in prison. While in prison Stander meets two other men, Lee McCall and Allan Heyl, whom he quickly fosters a friendship with. The trio have grand plans of what they will do when they get out, even saying that when they do they will come back for each other. After a year or so in prison Stander and McCall go to play a rugby game with other prisoners, during the game they feign serious injury and are taken to the infirmary, where they knock the doctor unconscious and relieve the guards of their weapons. Shortly after their escape Stander and McCall return for Heyl, the three introduce themselves to each other as their new assumed names and proceed to rob a few banks, purchase a high-priced safehouse, and steal a yellow Porsche 911 Targa. As the robberies continue, the risks that come with it increase exponentially, as the so-called "Stander Gang" is being relentlessly pursued by the police task force under none other than Cor Van Deventer. After a gunshop hold-up that left a women shot as well as able to identify the gang, McCall dropping money on the way out of a bank, and McCall\'s unexplained shooting spree at another bank that lead to a police chase, the gang soon sees that their luck is running out as they become increasingly more reckless. Deciding it would be best to cut their losses and settle down Stander comes up with a plan to rob the exchange office at the airport and leave South Africa, using a combination of flight schedules and disguises to come up with the best plan. Hours before the robbery is to take place Stander returns to Tembisa to make his final peace with the father of the protester he killed, and is instead beaten with a club by the boy\'s father. As McCall becomes infuriated with the fact Stander didn\'t come to pull off the robbery, he and Heyl see on the news that if they were to have gone to the airport a large amount of police would have arrested or killed them leading Heyl to say "Even when he\'s wrong, he\'s right." 1984, the gang begins to organize their exit strategy when Stander goes off to Fort Lauderdale, Florida to purchase a boat and Heyl plans to go to Greece, however McCall\'s plans are cut short when a squad of police surround the safehouse. While driving to see McCall, Heyl tells Stander a story about his relationship with a black women, she had become pregnant  and the two were living together, when police saw this they beat her to the point of miscarriage. Heyl thanks Stander for all he has done to help him and McCall get their revenge on the system, and how the last six months had been the time of him and his friend\'s lives. Meanwhile back at the safehouse McCall scrambles for an escape, but realizing there is no way out he decides to grab two pistols and begin shooting at police, Stander and Heyl pull up just in time to see McCall gunned down by police. As they drive from the scene Stander and Deventer lock eyes, a police chase ensues and the Porsche is severely damaged, leading Stander and Heyl to steal another vehicle and drive off into the distance. Heyl and Stander part ways to go off and escape South Africa, Stander goes to the airport and is followed by numerous police where he is forced to show identification. Deventer frantically rushes to see if it is Stander, but stops when he finds out that it was a false alarm  and Stander is allowed to leave. Finally arriving in Fort Lauderdale, Stander is unable to remain inactive for long when he hotwires a Mercury Cougar and runs a red light in front of police. Leading them on a short chase, Stander exits his vehicle and begins to disobey the officer\'s orders, prompting the officer\'s partner to grab a shotgun and threaten Stander with it. Stander disarms the partner only to be shot by the officer multiple times.'] ["Meeting People Is Easy takes place during the promotion of Radiohead's 1997 release OK Computer, containing a collage of video clips, sound bites, and dialogue going behind the scenes with the band on their world tour, showing the eventual burn-out of the group as the world tour progresses. The inaugural show of the OK Computer tour began on 22 May 1997 in Barcelona, Spain. Their final performance, 104 concerts later, was in New York's Radio City Music Hall.<ref name Sullivan| first  Radiohead's Un-`Easy' Life| publisher  1999-04-09| url /c/a/1999/04/09/DD62687.DTL| accessdate May 2009}} as a way of dissociating himself from everything around him, and was used as the central lyrics of How To Disappear Completely, released in their following album, Kid A. This would also form the background of Radiohead's recording sessions beginning in 1999 for their next albums Kid A and Amnesiac, inspiring a different songwriting and recording style and the band's changed sound after OK Computer."] ["Like two of her older sisters before her, Thérèse Martin is determined to become a Carmelite nun even though she is officially too young to enter the order. Thérèse's stubborn piety wins through, and her love affair with Jesus transfigures her short life. Alain Cavalier's account of Thérèse's joy in her vocation is based on her spiritual autobiography, The Story of a Soul."] ["In 63 BC, Pompey conquers Jerusalem and the city is sacked. The conqueror goes to the Temple to seize the treasure of Solomon and massacres the priests there. He discovers that the treasure is nothing but a collection of scrolls of the Torah. These he holds over a fire until an old priest reaches for them imploringly. Pompey relents and hands them to the old man. Many years later, a series of rebellions break out against the authority of Rome, so the Romans crucify many of the leaders and place Herod the Great on the throne of Judea. At the end of the century, a carpenter named Joseph and his wife Mary, who is about to give birth, arrive in Bethlehem for the census. Not having found accommodation for the night, they take refuge in a stable, where the child, Jesus, is born. The shepherds, who have followed the Magi from the East, gather to worship him. However, Herod, informed of the birth of a child-king, orders the centurion Lucius and his men to go to Bethlehem and kill all the newborn children. Mary and Joseph flee to Egypt with the child. Herod dies, killed by his son Herod Antipas, who then takes power. In Nazareth, Jesus, who is now twelve years old, is working with Joseph when soldiers arrive under the command of Lucius, who realizes that Jesus escaped the massacre of the infants. But he does nothing and only asks that Mary and Joseph register their son's birth. Years pass and Jewish rebels led by Barabbas and Judas Iscariot prepare to attack a caravan carrying the next governor of Judea, Pontius Pilate and his wife Claudia. The ambush fails and Barabbas and Judas flee for their lives. Pilate and Herod Antipas meet on the banks of the River Jordan, where John the Baptist preaches to the crowds. Jesus arrives here, now 30 years of age. He is baptized by John, who recognizes that Jesus is the Messiah. Jesus goes into the desert, where the temptations by Satan occur. After forty days, Jesus travels to Galilee, where he recruits his Apostles. In Jerusalem, Herod arrests John the Baptist, who is visited by Jesus in prison. Judas leaves the rebel Barabbas and joins the Apostles. Jesus begins to preach and gather crowds, among which are Claudia, Pilate's wife, and Lucius. Herod beheads John on a whim of his stepdaughter, Salome. Herod, Pilate and the High Priest Caiaphas are terrorized by the works and miracles of Jesus. Barabbas plots a revolt in Jerusalem, during which time Jesus enters triumphantly into the holy city and goes to the Temple to preach. The rebels storm the Antonia Fortress, but the legions of Pilate become involved and crush the revolt, causing hundreds of casualties. Barabbas is arrested. Jesus meets the disciples on the evening of Thursday, having supper one last time with them and after goes to pray at Gethsemane. In the meantime, Judas wants Jesus to free Judea from the Romans and to force his hand delivers him to the Jewish authorities. Jesus is brought before Caiaphas and then to Pilate. Pilate starts the trial, then sends him to Herod Antipas, who, in turn, sends him back. Pilate is infuriated by Antipas's returning of Jesus and commands his soldiers to scourge him. The people demand the release of Barabbas and Pilate bows to their pressure and sentences Jesus to be crucified. Jesus, wearing a crown of thorns on his head, carries his cross to Golgotha where he is crucified with two thieves, one of them the Penitent thief Dismas. Desperate because he has betrayed Jesus to his death, Judas hangs himself and his body is found by Barabbas. Jesus dies in front of his mother, the apostle John, a few soldiers, and Claudia  and Lucius . His body is taken down from the cross and is carried to a rock tomb. Two days later, Mary Magdalene finds the tomb empty, and encounters the Risen Jesus. The film ends on the shores of Lake Tiberias when Jesus appears to the Apostles and tells them to bring his message to the ends of the world. Only his shadow is visible, forming the shape of a cross where it falls on the stretched-out fishing nets, as the screen fades to black."] ['Shortly after graduating from Columbia University\'s Graduate School of Journalism, Geralyn Lucas lands her dream job working for 20/20. Lucas is then diagnosed with breast cancer at the age of 27 and has a dilemma - whether to have a lumpectomy or the potentially safer mastectomy. After consulting several doctors  and researching the operations she decides to undergo a mastectomy. Her subsequent chemotherapy treatment leads to tensions within her marriage but the couple stays together. She also has breast reconstruction. The final shot is of Geralyn cradling her child, something she feared she would be unable to do. Geralyn meets several "angels" in the story, people who have been in similar positions to her and are able to dispense good advice. The title refers to her belief that only confident women wear red lipstick.'] ["One mother that is introduced early on in the film is Robi Damelin.http://www.justvision.org/profile/robi_damelin.php Damelin’s son David was a soldier in the Israeli army that had been shot by a sniper while working at a checkpoint. The soldiers had been sent to protect an Israeli settlement on Palestinian territory. After learning of her son's loss, Damelin joined the Bereaved Families Forum, where she was able to meet other Palestinian and Israeli families that had been through the same losses. There she worked closely with the families from different backgrounds and began to advocate peace between the two territories. She continues to work for an end to the conflict. Ali Abu Awwad is another individual in the film who is followed by the production team to see his stance on the non-violence attempts. After being shot in his lower body by an Israeli settler he was sent to Saudi Arabia for medical treatment. While healing in Saudi Arabia, Ali’s brother Yusef had been murdered by an Israeli militant. After the news of his brother's murder Ali Abu Awwad teamed up with the Bereaved Families Forum to work with Israelis and Palestinians who together campaigned for non-violence. By speaking with Palestinian militants and those who are threatened by Israeli settlers Ali was able to broaden his message of non-violence resistance throughout the Palestinian territories. Shlomo Zagman, who grew up in an Israeli settlement most of his life is another intriguing character in the documentary Encounter Point. Along with the settlers from his home town, Shlomo, and by and large all Israeli settlers, are extremists that believe that all the Palestinians should be deported to the neighboring Arab countries Israeli settlement. The movie illuminates this point as we see how Shlomo and his wife transform, despite the meandering resistance of his parents and home town, to become founding members of the Realistic Religious Zionism group http://www.tzionut.org/index.asp.This transformation is a huge step, and usually unheard of, for someone who grew up in the settlements. Subsequently, Shlomo tries to encourage the people of his hometown, as well as other settlements, to withdraw from these occupied territories and convince them that the persistence of these settlements will bring down the entire Jewish State of Israel. Encounter point follows this former Israeli settler who risks his life and public standing sequentially to promote a peaceful end to this clash. George then joined the Bereaved Families Forum, 3 months after her death, like many of the others in the film. There he met Israelis and Palestinians who had gone through the same losses and were ready to fight for peace on top of their pain. In an interview George has said that he received an apology from the soldiers that had begun the shooting. In the same interview he is quoted as saying “We also call for peace that is just and real where there will be no Palestinian or Israeli family that has to go through the same thing we did. Our goal now is to try as much as we can through our love and forgiveness to carry on with our lives and help others not to go through what we went through.” http://www.justvision.org/interview/george_saadeh.php#a006572 George was a principle of a high school in Bethlehem, but after the shooting he became the deputy mayor of Jerusalem."] ['The film follows six individuals including major league ball player Ben Petrick who report chronic symptoms, which they attribute to persistent Lyme infection. The majority of the film is devoted to the storyline of these patients and their reported recovery. At the same time, the film presents advocates of long-term therapies for chronic Lyme disease and briefly presents the position of the Infectious Diseases Society of America . The second half of the film focuses primarily on state medical board investigations of Joseph Jemsek and Ray Jones, two physicians who prescribe long-term antibiotics for "chronic" Lyme disease. Jemsek was investigated based on the complaints of 10 patients who described "nightmarish experiences" as a result of his treatment; he was supported by a number of patients and Lyme disease advocacy organizations.<ref name Forbes | first  Whelan | title  March 12, 2007 | accessdate  http://www.forbes.com/forbes/2007/0312/096.html}} The board found that Jemsek had departed from standard medical practice and had failed to inform patients that his treatments were unorthodox; his medical license was suspended with stay, allowing him to continue practicing medicine.<ref name News & Observer | title  June 16, 2006 | accessdate  Jean | last  http://www.accessmylibrary.com/article-1G1-147127297/lyme-doctor-ruled-guilty.html}} Facing a lawsuit from an insurance company, Jemsek declared bankruptcy and closed his medical practice.<ref name Salon.com | title  Andrew | last  June 20, 2009 | accessdate  http://www.salon.com/ent/movies/btm/feature/2009/06/20/roundup/index.html}} The final act of the film focuses on Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal\'s antitrust investigation of the IDSA Lyme disease guidelines. Blumenthal issued a press release in May 2008 stating that his investigation "uncovered serious flaws" in the development of the IDSA guidelines, although Blumenthal declined to file any charges.{{cite press release}} The case was described in Forbes as "intimidation" of the medical community by the Attorney General,{{cite journal |authorScience, politics, and values: the politicization of professional practice guidelines |journal301 |issue665–7 |yearFebruary |pmid10.1001/jama.301.6.665 |url"nyt"/>'] ["Much of the film is without dialogue and the story is presented in flashbacks, nightmares, and fantasy sequences set to Tchaikovsky's music. As a child, the composer sees his mother die horribly, forcibly immersed in scalding water as a supposed cure for cholera, and is haunted by the scene throughout his musical career. Despite his difficulty in establishing his reputation, he attracts Madame Nadezhda von Meck as his patron. His marriage to the nymphomaniacal Antonina Miliukova is plagued by his homosexual urges and lustful desire for Count Anton Chiluvsky. The dynamics of his life lead to deteriorating mental health and the loss of von Meck's patronage, and he dies of cholera after deliberately drinking contaminated water."] ['The film, starring Emma Thompson in the title role, focuses on her unusual relationship with the author Lytton Strachey, played by Jonathan Pryce, as well as with other members of the Bloomsbury Group. The film is divided into 6 chapters.  # Lytton & Carrington 1915: During the Great War, Lytton Strachey is travelling to the country and staying at Vanessa Bell\'s house. There he meets Carrington for the first time but confuses her with a boy and does not hide his disappointment. Lytton is due to face a hearing with the military due to his open opposition to the war. While taking a hike through the countryside, he tries to kiss Carrington but she refuses him. Early in the morning, she walks into his bedroom with the intent of cutting his beard off, but stops at the last minute in contemplation of him sleeping and falls in love with him. # Gertler 1916–1918: Mark Gertler tries to have sex with Carrington, but she refuses, since she thinks that he is only interested in her sexually. Gertler turns to Lytton for aid in wooing her, while trying to help him she falls more deeply in love with him and although he does not fully requite her, he does have feelings for her. While on a trip to Wales he proposes that they live together, acting on this, Carrington searches for a house and finds and refurbishes Mill House in Tidmarsh. When Gertler finds out that Carrington and Lytton are moving in together he attacks the couple. # Partridge 1918–1921: Carrington later meets and falls in love with Ralph Partdrige, who has come back from the war. On their first dinner together, Ralph expresses his rather one-sided point of views which are contrary to Lytton\'s, nevertheless the rugged man appeals to him. Lytton goes on vacation to Italy, Ralph has made very clear his intent of marrying Carrington or leaving altogether to Bolivia to run a sheep farm. Knowing that if Ralph is no longer with him, Lytton will move out of Mill House, she marries Ralph and in their honeymoon they meet with Lytton in Venice. Ralph introduces his friend Gerald Brenan to Lytton and Carrington. Brenan is planning to leave for Spain in order to improve his education and takes a liking to Carrington, which is mutual. Lytton is successful in the publication of Eminent Victorians and manages to become a man of means. The war ends. # Brenan 1921–1923: Although he tries to be loyal to his friend Ralph, Gerald and Carrington carry on an affair and have to skulk about to avoid being caught. Gerald leaves for Spain insisting that Carrington run off with him. She refuses but they continue the relationship until they get caught by Ralph, Lytton manages to avoid the break-up and secretly aids the couple to continue their affair until it ends by itself. # Ham Spray House 1924–1931: Lytton buys Ham Spray and Carrington, he and Ralph move in. Ralph now is in a relationship with Frances Marshall and Lytton is in a relationship with Roger, a younger man from Oxford, while Carrington is carrying on an affair with Beacus, a strapping seaman who has little to say and keeps trying to change Carrington to fit his fantasies but later admits that he is not attracted to her sexually. Carrington becomes pregnant by Beacus but has an abortion. Lytton takes an apartment in London where he intends to live with Roger, but it becomes clear that the relationship shall not be long-lived. # Lytton 1931–1932: Roger and Lytton break up. During a tea party Lytton suddenly becomes ill; Carrington initially is optimistic but afterwards it becomes evident that he will not recover. Carrington tries to commit suicide by locking herself in the garage with the car motor running but is rescued by Ralph. When Lytton finally dies, surrounded by Ralph, Carrington and Gerald, he states "If this is dying, I do not think very much of it." Carrington is utterly depressed but manages to keep her spirits up and convinces Ralph that she needs to be alone, once they have left, she burns all of Lytton\'s personal possessions and takes a gun and finally manages to kill herself.'] ['In 1607, Pocahontas,  the daughter of Chief Powhatan, and others from her tribe witness the arrival of three ships sent by English royal charter to found a colony in the New World. Aboard one of the ships is Captain John Smith , below decks, in chains. While initially sentenced to death by hanging for his mutinous remarks, once ashore, Smith is pardoned by Captain Christopher Newport , the leader of the expedition. While the prospects for the settlement are initially bright, disease, poor discipline, supply shortages, and tensions with the local Native Americans  place the expedition in jeopardy. Smith takes a small group of men up river to seek trade while Newport returns to England for supplies. While on this mission, Smith is captured by a group of Native Americans and brought before their Chief Powhatan . After being questioned, the captain is nearly executed. He is spared when Pocahontas intervenes and saves his life. Living among the Native Americans as a prisoner for an extended period, Smith is treated well and earns the friendship and respect of the tribe. Coming to admire this new way of life, he falls deeply in love with Pocahontas. She is intrigued by the Englishman and his ways. The chief returns Smith to Jamestown with the understanding that the English are to leave the following spring, once their boats have returned. Upon his return, Smith encounters a settlement in turmoil. Pressed into accepting the governorship, he finds the peace he had with the Natives replaced by privation, death, and the difficult responsibilities of his new position. Smith wishes to return to his love but dismisses such action. He thinks of his time among the Native Americans as "a dream" from which he has awoken. Their numbers dwindle throughout the brutal winter, and the settlers are saved only when Pocahontas and a rescue party arrive with food, clothing, and supplies. As spring arrives, Powhatan realizes the English do not intend to leave. Discovering his daughter\'s actions, he orders an attack on Jamestown and exiles Pocahontas. Repulsing the attack, the settlers learn of Pocahontas\' banishment. They organize a trade so that the young woman can be taken captive and used as leverage to avoid further assaults. Samuel Argall  convinces the settlers on a trading expedition up the Potomac River to kidnap Pocahontas from the Patawomecks as a prisoner to negotiate with her father for an exchange for some captive settlers, but not the stolen weapons and tools. When Smith opposes the plan, he is removed as governor. After Pocahontas is brought to Jamestown, she and Smith renew their love affair. The return of Captain Newport adds complications. Newport tells Smith of an offer from the king to lead his own expedition to find passage to the East Indies. Torn between his love and the promise of his career, the captain decides to return to England. Before he departs, he leaves instructions with another settler. He later tells Pocahontas that Smith died in the crossing. Devastated, Pocahontas sinks into depression. Continuing to live in Jamestown, she is eventually comforted by a new settler, John Rolfe . He helps her adapt to the English way of life. She is baptized, receives education, and eventually marries Rolfe and gives birth to a son. She later learns that Captain Smith is still alive. Rolfe and his family are given a chance to travel to England. Arriving in London and sharing an audience with the king and queen, Pocahontas is overwhelmed by the wonders of this "New World." While there, she has a private meeting with Smith. The reunion is uncomfortable at times. The state of their present lives shows how much they each have changed. Smith admits that he may have made a mistake in choosing his career over his love for Pocahontas. He says that what they experienced in Virginia was not a dream but instead "the only truth." When asked by Pocahontas if he ever found his Indies, he replies, "I may have sailed past them." The two depart, never to meet again. Realizing that Rolfe is the man she thought he was and more, she finally accepts him as her husband and love. Pocahontas and Rolfe make arrangements to return to Virginia. On the outward passage, she falls ill and suddenly dies. The film ends with images of Pocahontas and her young son playing in the gardens of their English estate. Rolfe, in a voice over, reads a letter, addressed to their son about his deceased mother. In the film\'s closing moments, Pocahontas says, "Mother, now I know where you live" with the film fading out over images of nature in the new world.'] ['The film begins with Bronson introducing himself to the camera, stating he always wanted to be famous. He cannot sing, he cannot act, and so he shows the calling he found: the film cuts to a naked Bronson fighting several prison guards in a cage. The film then presents several assorted points from his life, intercut with Bronson on stage before an audience in several stages of performance make-up, and speaking directly to camera while seemingly behind bars. Michael Peterson is shown as a baby, and then as a young boy involved in fights with pupils and a teacher at school using a desk as a weapon. He had his first job at a chip shop, where he committed his first crime, stealing money from the cash register and giving some of the money and a kiss to a young woman who was working there. He then goes on to marry the woman, Irene, and has a baby with her. Peterson goes to jail after robbing a post office and getting away with a small amount of cash. Peterson thrives in prison, comparing it to a hotel room, and every night he displays violent behaviour towards the guards, which causes the other inmates to treat him like a star. The authorities send him to a series of different prisons in hope that one of them will be able to handle him, but nothing seems to help. Eventually he is sent to Rampton Secure Hospital, where he is injected with high doses of sedative drugs every time he tries to start a fight. A man approaches Peterson while he is being subdued with drugs and seems to be sympathetic to Peterson. This soon changes as the man, John White, reveals that he is a paedophile and suggests that he and Peterson should rape a nine-year-old girl. The furious Peterson expresses aggressive hate towards the man, but is unable to do anything against him. In an attempt to prove his sanity and be sent back to prison he finally tries to strangle the paedophile after pretending to be calm for several days. Because of this he is sent to the high-security psychiatric hospital, Broadmoor, where he starts a large-scale riot. News footage from the actual event shows Peterson up on the roof, thus being branded "Her Majesty\'s most expensive prisoner". He is then certified sane and therefore released into the general population. While on parole and living with his uncle in Luton, he becomes involved in bareknuckle boxing and human baiting and changes his name to Charles "Charlie" Bronson, after the famous actor. This career ends quickly after he falls in love with a woman, steals an engagement ring, proposes to her and is arrested for robbery. He was out of prison for only 69 days. Back in prison, he is once again involved in several fights with guards, thus extending his sentence. The character of his violent outbursts starts to become more sophisticated. At one event he holds a prison officer hostage before stripping naked and greasing himself up to fight riot officers. The governor tells him: "If you continue this, you will die here." He becomes interested in art, which the prison officials think is a good way to develop his interacting skills with other human beings. Eventually this project gets out of hand when Bronson holds his art teacher hostage, ties him to a pole, puts an apple in his mouth, and paints the hostage\'s face. The film closes by telling us that Charles Bronson has not been granted a release date, and he is seen badly beaten, his chin torn, groaning, in what is effectively a cage coffin in the centre of a large, dark room.'] ['« "The Elephant\'s Journey", in which Saramago narrates the adventures and antics of an elephant transported from the court of King John III of Portugal to that of the Austrian Archduke Maximillian, is the starting point of José and Pilar. It shows us their daily life in Lanzarote and their trips around the globe. It is a surprising portrayal of an author throughout the creative process of a couple decided to change the world, or at least to make it a better place. It shows us an hidden Saramago, unravels any preconceived ideas we may have about the man and proves that genius and simplicity are indeed compatible. José and Pilar is a glimpse into one of the greatest creators of the Twentieth Century and shows us that, as Saramago said, "everythin can be told in a different way".»'] [" The film documents the 25-year history of Eric Bana's first car, a 1974 Ford XB Falcon Hardtop that he purchased at the age of fifteen for A$1100. In this film, Eric explores the central role that fixing and racing this car has played in his life and the lives of his friends.{{cite web}} Celebrities Jay Leno, Dr. Phil and Jeremy Clarkson offer opinions on the emotional attachments that some people form with automobiles.{{cite web}}"] ['The story follows Lewis as he meets an American fan, Joy Gresham, whom he befriends and eventually marries. The story also deals with his struggle with personal pain and grief: Lewis preaches that one should endure suffering with patience, but finds that the simple answers he had preached no longer apply when Joy becomes afflicted with cancer and eventually dies.'] ['Micky Ward  is an American welterweight boxer from Lowell, Massachusetts. Managed by his mother, Alice Ward , and trained by his older half-brother, Dicky Eklund , Micky has not had a particularly successful career: He\'s become a "stepping stone" for other boxers to defeat on their way up. Complicating matters, Dicky, a former boxer whose peak of success was knocking Sugar Ray Leonard down in an HBO televised match, has fallen apart since his early success, becoming addicted to crack cocaine. He is now being filmed for an HBO documentary he believes to be about his "comeback". On the night of an undercard fight in Atlantic City, Micky\'s scheduled opponent is ill, and a substitute is found who is 18 pounds heavier than Micky. Despite Micky\'s reservations, his mother and brother agree to the terms so that they can all get the purse. Micky is soundly defeated by the much heavier fighter in an obvious mismatch. Frustrated with his career and embarrassed by his defeat, Micky tries to retreat from the world and forms a relationship with Charlene Fleming , a former college athlete who dropped out and became a bartender. After several weeks, Alice arranges another fight for Micky, who, concerned it will turn out the same as before, shows serious hesitation. His mother and seven sisters blame Charlene for his lack of motivation. Micky mentions that he\'s received an offer to be paid to train in Las Vegas, but Dicky says he will match the offer so he can keep training and working with his family. Dicky then tries to get money by posing his girlfriend as a prostitute and then, once she picks up a client, impersonating a police officer to steal the client\'s money from their wallet. This is quickly foiled by the actual police and Dicky is arrested after a chase and a fight with them. Micky intervenes to try to stop the police from beating his brother, but a police officer breaks his hand before arresting him. At their arraignment, Micky is released but Dicky is sent to jail. Finally fed up, Micky washes his hands of Dicky. On the night of the HBO documentary, Dicky\'s family, and Dicky himself in prison, are horrified to see it is High on Crack Street: Lost Lives in Lowell, a documentary about how crack addiction ruined Dicky\'s career and life. Devastated, Dicky begins training and trying to get his life together in prison. Micky is lured back into boxing by his father, who believes Alice and his stepson Dicky are bad influences. Gathering the other members of his training team and finding a new manager, Sal Lonano, they convince Micky to return to boxing with the explicit understanding that his mother and brother will no longer be involved. They place Micky in minor fights to help him regain his confidence. He is then offered another major fight against an undefeated up-and-coming boxer. During a prison visit, Dicky advises Micky on how best to work his opponent, but Micky feels his brother is being selfish and trying to restart his own failed career. During the actual match, Micky is nearly overwhelmed at the beginning but, remembering his brother\'s advice, alters his strategy and is eventually triumphant; he earns the title shot for which his opponent was being groomed. Upon his release from prison, Dicky and his mother go to see Micky train. Assuming things are as they were, Dicky prepares to spar with his brother, but Micky informs him that he\'s no longer allowed per Micky\'s agreement with his current team. In the ensuing argument, in which Micky chastises both factions of his family, Charlene and his trainer leave in disgust. Micky and Dicky spar, brought to an abrupt end when Micky knocks Dicky down. Dicky storms off, presumably to get high again, and Alice chides Micky, only to be sobered when he tells her that she has always favored Dicky. Dicky returns to his crack house, where he says goodbye to his friends and heads to Charlene\'s apartment. He tells her that Micky needs both of them and they need to work together. After bringing everyone back together, the group goes to London for the title fight. Micky scores another upset victory and the welterweight title. The film jumps a few years ahead, with Dicky, as talkative as ever, crediting his brother as being the creator of his own success.'] ["Tensions between the Hutu and Tutsi peoples lead to a war in Rwanda, where corruption and bribes between politicians are routine. Paul Rusesabagina , the manager of the Sabena owned Hôtel des Mille Collines, is Hutu, but his wife Tatiana , is Tutsi. His marriage is a source of friction with Hutu extremists, most prominently Georges Rutaganda , a friendly goods supplier to the hotel who is also the local leader of Interahamwe, a brutal anti-Tutsi militia. The UN Peacekeeping forces, led by Canadian Colonel Oliver , are unable to take assertive action against the Interahamwe since they are forbidden to intervene in the genocide. The foreign nationals are evacuated, but the Rwandans are left behind. When the UN forces attempt to evacuate a group of refugees, including Paul's family, they are ambushed and must turn back. In a last-ditch effort to save the refugees, Paul pleads with the Rwandan Army General, Augustin Bizimungu  for assistance. However, when Paul's bribes no longer work, he blackmails the General with threats of being tried as a war criminal. Soon after, the family and the hotel refugees are finally able to leave the besieged hotel in a UN convoy. They travel through retreating masses of refugees and militia to reach safety behind Tutsi rebel lines."] ['Genoese navigator overcomes intrigue in the court of King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella of Spain and gains financing for his expedition to the East Indies.'] ['"Radio", a 23 year old mentally disabled young man, pushes a shopping cart along the streets. He is attracted by a high school football team, but after the team\'s coach  - taking pity on Radio, both for his disability and his enthusiasm - asks him to help, the team members abuse Radio by locking him into a shed. The team\'s coach reprimands them, and delivers Radio to his house, where Radio\'s mother is introduced. It is also revealed that Radio\'s father passed away a few years before. Coach Jones begins to spend more and more time with Radio, which worries the fathers of many of the team members. Concerned, one of the fathers, Frank, suggests that the coach stop associating with Radio, as he views the boy as merely a distraction to his own son\'s success. Coach Jones is resistant, and it is later discovered that this resistance was partially induced by an earlier incident during his childhood in which the Coach did not do anything to help a mentally retarded boy who was locked under a house. Radio eventually begins schooling in the high school, and it is apparent that he never completed formal schooling. After struggling, Radio eventually learns to read. While at school, Radio is also bullied by Johnny, the son of Frank, and tricked into entering the girls locker room, among other things. However, after Radio refuses to tell the administration who told him to do it, Johnny gains respect for Radio, and begins to doubt his father\'s impressions about Radio. After distributing Christmas presents to nearly everyone in the town, Radio is mistakenly arrested after a police officer believes that Radio stole the presents, when in fact they were presents given to Radio by the townspeople. However, the officer doesn\'t know this at the time, and roughly jails Radio. The mistake is eventually righted, but amidst the confusion, Radio\'s mother also suddenly dies. Even with this immense trauma, Radio is still able to "graduate" from eleventh grade, mainly because of the help and support from so many who had been kind to him after he was kind to them. The film ends with clips of the the real Radio who is now in his 60s - "the oldest eleventh grader at Hanna High."'] ['Augustus is on his death bed. He looks back on his life to a conversation he had with his beloved daughter, Julia. After an attempt on Augustus\' life, he is shocked to learn his closest friend and Julia\'s husband Marcus Agrippa is dead. Livia suggests that for the safety of Rome, her stepdaughter Julia should marry her son Tiberius. Her reluctance to marry Tiberius causes Augustus to sit down and tell her the story of how he became the emperor of Rome. He recalls 46 BC Rome is in the middle of a civil war. Together with his friend Marcus Agrippa, the young Octavius  goes to Spain in order to help Julius Caesar battle the troops of Pompey. Even though they are outnumbered they manage to defeat Pompey. Caesar honours his adopted son Octavius with a triumphal entry into Rome and then sends him to Macedonia together with Agrippa and the son of Caesar\'s friend, Maecenas. There Octavian hears the news of Caesar\'s assassination and he returns to Rome with his friends. Back in Rome he is able to gain both the support of the people and Cicero. In his struggle with the conspirators against the murder of Caesar and claiming his new share of the empire, he finds an ally in Mark Antony, Caesar\'s right-hand man. Mark Antony not only pursues Brutus and Cassius, he also initiates a wave of executions, which practically eliminates the old Roman ruling class. Among those who are killed is the husband of Livia. Octavian marries Livia and divorces his wife Scribonia on the day she gave birth to their daughter Julia. In accordance with the laws of Rome claiming sole custody of his newborn baby. Julia resents Augustus\'s treatment of her mother. Octavian and Mark Antony defeat Brutus and Cassius at the Battle of Phillipi. Octavian and Mark Antony at first share the empire. However Antony has become the lover of the Egyptian queen Cleopatra, having been taken in by the Egyptian culture of divinity. After Antony humiliates Octavian\'s elder sister Octavia by casting her out of his house and divorcing her, Rome declares war on Cleopatra. Agrippa defeats Antony at the Battle of Actium and after a successful military campaign Octavian becomes the sole ruler of the Roman Empire and in doing so takes the great name of Augustus. However he tells Maecenas that he will never be king of Rome. Octavian spares Iullus, Antony\'s son by his first wife, and sends him to Rome on Octavia\'s request to be raised as her son. In present day Augustus\'s rule Rome experiences a period of peace, prosperity and an age where art and culture flourish. Agrippa and Maecenas are both dead. Livia is Augustus\'s principal advisor. She is envious of Julia, the mother of Augustus\' heirs and the person Augustus claims that "[he] has never loved anyone as much as [her]". Julia is upset her husband\'s death as she was very fond of him and is upset when Augustus forces her to marry Livia\'s son Tiberius for whom she has an intense dislike for. Tiberius is also upset to divorce his wife whom he loves, although he does not dislike Julia and pities his stepsister, knowing how little happiness she has had in her life. Augustus sends Tiberius away to fight in a campaign. However before leaving Tiberius scolds him for his treatment of Julia, saying "you destroy everything you love." Julia admits to her father that she loves Iullus Antonius. Iullus  wish to end Augustus\' reign and form a regency over Julia and Agrippa\'s sons. In the beginning it is Iullus who paid the assassin to kill Augustus. He then attempts to seduce Julia in order to get close to Augustus and avenge his father\'s death. However upon watching Julia being forced to marry Tiberius, Iullus realises that he has fallen in love with her. Augustus tells Julia that she can continue to see Iullus  but tells her that he hopes, eventually, she will come to see him for what he is and learn to live without him. Tiberius returns from his campaign. He shocks Julia in her room and accuses her of having an affair with Iullus. She tells him their marriage is a sham and orders him to return to the northern borders else she will have her father throw him in prison as a deserter. Tiberius threatens to find Iullus and kill him. However when Julia still refuses to submit to Tiberius he attacks and rapes her. Julia suffers a mental breakdown after the rape and confides to Iullus how miserable her life has been under her father\'s control. In her sorrow she tells him that sometimes she wishes her father were already dead just so her suffering would end. Iullus recites Julia\'s misery to Scipio and he comes upon with a plan to kill Augustus themselves. They agree not to tell Julia of the plan. Tiberius, who is still planning to kill Iullus for infidelity with his wife, overhears the plot and informs his mother. Livia decides that they will catch Iullus in the act and in doing so would rid themselves of Julia also. Iullus uses his position in the imperial household to gain access to Augustus\' chambers. However the plan is foiled when the noise alerts Livia, Julia and Tiberius to the scene. Tiberius fatally wounds Iullus and saves Augustus. Scipio and Iullus are revealed to be the assassins just as Julia enters. Before he is taken away Iullus tells Julia "I did it for you." Augustus goes to the senate and orders them to exile Julia from Rome. They refuse due to her popularity with the people and the fact she is his daughter but Augustus demands they obey him. As he leaves the senate he instantly regrets it, stating that had Maecenas been alive he would never have allowed him to exile Julia. She tells him she was unaware of the plot but Augustus tells her for her own safety she must leave Rome. He insists on keeping her children. Julia finally tells Augustus that her life was a torture and it would have been kinder to kill her when she was born. Julia leaves saying that she, at least, loved her children. Upon sending Julia away Augustus breaks down into tears. The scene returns to his death bed. Gaius and Lucius are dead, Julia is still in exile and Tiberius is heir to the throne. Before he dies Augustus cries out for Julia but Livia and Tiberius tell him she is not there. Then to everyone\'s surprise Julia, in a cape for disguise, enters. Happy to see his daughter again he holds out his hand to her and asks for forgiveness but she refuses to take his hand. Augustus is upset but understands. His final words are to Julia, asking "Did I play my part well in the comedy of life?" to which Julia replies "The gods will tell you, father." Augustus dies. Livia goes to place his death mask on but Julia takes it from her, kisses her father on the forehead and places it herself over her father\'s smiling dead face.'] ['Gaby Brimmer, the child of Austrian refugees living in Mexico, is born with cerebral palsy. Though her body is completely paralyzed, her mind is unaffected, and she is able to become a college graduate and an acclaimed author.'] ['Tired of being rejected by the beautiful women he lusts after, Chuck Barris  moves to Manhattan to become an NBC page with dreams of becoming famous in television, but is eventually fired. He moves back to Philadelphia and becomes Dick Clark\'s personal assistant on American Bandstand in 1961. There, he writes the successful "Palisades Park" song and falls in love with a woman named Penny Pacino . Chuck is given permission to pitch the concept for The Dating Game at the American Broadcasting Company ; he receives $7,500 to create a television pilot for the studio. However, ABC abandons The Dating Game in favor of Hootenanny. One night after Barris is kicked out of a bar for fighting, he is approached by CIA agent Jim Byrd , who recruits him as an assassin. Returning from a mission in Mexico, Barris finds that Penny has become a hippie. Meanwhile, ABC decides to greenlight The Dating Game, and by 1967 the TV show is a phenomenon. Barris takes another mission for the CIA in Helsinki, Finland, where he meets gorgeous operative Patricia Watson . He finds more success back home when The Newlywed Game goes on air. He and Penny decide to move to Los Angeles into a house, but Barris is cautious of marriage, much to Penny\'s dismay. The journey in Barris\' life is tied in to the story of Thomas Carlyle\'s main character in Sartor Resartus, Teufelsdröckh, and this parallel is referred to throughout the film. In 1970, Byrd convinces Barris to go on another mission in West Berlin to assassinate communist Hans Colbert. There, Barris is introduced to German-American agent Keeler  and is held captive by the KGB for some weeks. In 1976 Los Angeles, Barris creates The Gong Show and becomes even more famous as its host; he is also criticized for lowering the general quality of television. Meanwhile, Keeler is murdered and Byrd warns Chuck of a mole in the agency. His TV shows are canceled due to poor ratings, and Penny threatens to leave him after catching him cheating on her. One night, Barris finds Byrd sitting atop the diving board of his backyard pool. Byrd reveals to Barris why he "fit the profile" of a CIA assassin, and mysteriously dies. Faced with the unpleasant truth about himself, Barris begins to spiral out of control. After almost having a nervous breakdown on his own show, Barris shuts himself away in a New York City hotel. Penny manages to find him there, and tries in vain to convince him to return to California to get married. Barris finally leaves his room and confronts Patricia in Boston. There, he finds that she is the mole Byrd warned him about. Barris kills Patricia and begins to write his autobiography, Confessions of a Dangerous Mind. He finally decides to marry Penny. After the ceremony, he confesses to her his double life as a CIA agent and assassin, but she merely laughs, assuming he is joking, and he decides not to correct her. In 2002, he prepares for an interview for the film adaptation of his autobiography.'] ['In 1818 Hampstead, the fashionable Fanny Brawne  is introduced to poet John Keats  through the Dilke family. The Dilkes occupy one half of a double house, with Charles Brown ([[Paul Schneider   occupying the other side. Though Fanny\'s flirtatious personality contrasts with Keats\' notably more aloof nature, she begins to pursue him after she has her siblings, Samuel and Toots, obtain his book of poetry "Endymion". Despite her efforts to interact with the poet it is only after witnessing her grief for the loss of his brother Tom that Keats begins to open up to Fanny\'s advances, when he spends Christmas with the Brawne family. After Keats begins to give poetry lessons to Fanny it becomes apparent that their attraction is mutual, however Fanny is nevertheless troubled in regards to Keats\' reluctance to pursue her, for which her mother  summarizes, "Mr Keats knows he cannot like you, he has no living and no income". It is only after Fanny receives a valentine from Brown that Keats passionately confronts them and wonders if they are lovers. Brown, who sent the valentine in jest, warns Keats of Fanny, claiming that she is a mere flirt playing a game. On the other hand, Fanny, hurt by the accusations and Keats\' lack of faith in her, ends their lessons and leaves. It is not until after the Dilkes move to Westminster that spring, leaving the Brawne family six months half rent in their home neighboring Brown, that Fanny and Keats resume their interaction and fall deeply in love. The relationship comes to an abrupt end, however, after Brown leaves for his summer rental with Keats, so that Keats may earn some money. Though Fanny is heartbroken, she is comforted by Keats\' love letters. When the men return in the autumn, Fanny\'s mother shows concern, feeling that Fanny\'s attachment with the poet will hinder her from being courted. Secretly, however, Fanny and Keats are engaged. When Keats becomes ill the following winter, he spends several weeks recovering until spring, for which his friends begin a collection of funds so that he may spend the next winter in Italy where the climate is warmer. After impregnating the maid Abigail, however, Brown is unable to accompany him. Though Keats manages to find residence in London for the summer, he is taken in to live with the Brawne family following an incident in relation to his illness. It is here that, after his book sells with moderate success, Fanny\'s mother gives Keats her blessing to marry Fanny once he returns from Italy. The night before Keats must leave for Italy he and Fanny say their tearful goodbye in privacy, and in February—while still in Italy—Keats dies of complications from tuberculosis, just as his brother Tom did earlier in the film. In the last moments of the film Fanny cuts her hair in an act of mourning, dons black attire, and walks the snowy paths outside that Keats had walked many times in life. It is there that she recites the love sonnet he had written for her, "Bright Star", as she grieves the death of her lover.'] ["After moving to Florida, Aileen Wuornos, a female prostitute, meets Selby Wall  in a gay bar. After initial hostility and declaring that she is not gay, Aileen talks to Selby over beers. Selby takes to Aileen almost immediately, as she likes that she is very protective of her. Selby invites her to spend the night with her. They return to the house where Selby is staying . They later agree to meet at a rollerskating rink and kiss for the first time. Though their passion and emotion is clear, they have nowhere to go and Selby goes home. After being raped and brutalized by Vincent Corey, Aileen kills him in self-defense and decides to quit prostitution. She confesses her action to Selby, while Selby has been angry with her for not succeeding in supporting the two of them. Eventually, unable to pay the bills, Aileen tries to find legitimate work, but, due to her lack of qualifications and past, prospective employers reject her, and are occasionally openly hostile to her. Desperate for money, she returns to her career as a prostitute. She continues to commit several acts of murder with intent to rob her victims, each killed in a more brutal way than last. She spares one man out of pity, when the man admits he has never had sex with a prostitute, but ultimately kills another man who, instead of exploiting her, offers help. Aileen uses the money she steals from her victims to indulge herself and Selby; the two of them drink in bars and eat in fancy restaurants. However, as Selby reads in the papers about the string of murders and begins to suspect that her girlfriend may have committed them, the two have a falling out and Selby returns to Ohio on a charter bus. Aileen is eventually arrested at a biker bar and speaks to Selby one last time while in jail. Selby reveals some incriminating information over the telephone and Aileen realizes that the police are listening in. To protect her lover, Aileen admits she committed the murders alone. During Aileen's trial, Selby testifies against her. Aileen is later convicted and sentenced to death."] ['The film documents how Ry Cooder, long-time friend of Wenders, brought together legendary Cuban musicians to record an album (also called [[Buena Vista Social Club , and to perform a concert in the United States. Although they are geographically close, travel between Cuba and the United States is restricted due to the political tension between the two countries, so many of the artists were travelling there for the first time. The film shows their reactions to this experience, as well as including footage of the resultant sell-out concert. It also includes interviews with each of the main performers.'] ['Denver housewife and mother Penny Chenery  agrees to take over her ailing father’s Virginia-based Meadow Stables, despite her lack of horse racing knowledge. With the help of veteran trainer Lucien Laurin , Chenery manages to navigate the male-dominated business, ultimately fostering the first Triple Crown winner in 25 years and one of the greatest racehorses of all time. The film begins with Penny learning of her mother\'s death and returning to her childhood home. She reunites with Mrs. Ham, her father\'s secretary, and comforts her confused and elderly father. At her mother\'s funeral, Penny meets Arthur "Bull" Hancock and his son, Seth Hancock, of Claiborne Farm in Kentucky. The Hancocks offer to Penny any help she may need during her efforts to bring Meadow Stables back to profitability. Penny\'s brother Hollis informs her of a bad and dishonest sale that was about to be made by the trainer until their mother stopped him. Penny fires the trainer and asks Bull Hancock to help her find a new trainer. He recommends Lucien Laurin, an aging French Canadian, who initially turns down Penny\'s offer. Penny\'s father had made a deal with leading owner Ogden Phipps that if Phipps would breed his best stallion  with Chenerey\'s two best mares  that when the mares were close to term they would flip a coin to see who got which foal. Bold Ruler, the stallion, was fast but couldn\'t last over distances. Hasty Matilda was the obvious choice due to her young age, but Somethingroyal\'s bloodline was made up of many horses with good stamina. Penny hopes to win and choose Somethingroyal\'s foal due to the interesting mix of speed and stamina. Phipps picks Hasty Matilda and Penny wins Somethingroyal\'s foal, Secretariat. When Big Red  enters his first race at Aqueduct race track in Queens, New York, everyone has high expectations. The jockey, Paul , is very young with little experience which worries Penny but Lucien reassures her and says they will do fine. During the race, Red repeatedly is hit. First when he comes out of the gate, and repeatedly in the pack and on the rail. Red comes in 4th due to running like he was afraid of the other horses due to their hitting. Penny and Lucien fight and Lucien blames Paul for the loss. Penny realizes the only way Red could ever win is if he had an experienced jockey. Penny\'s flight back home is canceled on the day of the race and she misses her daughter Kate\'s solo in the play. Her son holds up the pay phone so Penny can hear her sing. The scene closes with Penny covering part of the phone and crying over missing important parts of her children\'s lives. Penny gets experienced jockey Ron Turcotte to ride Red who leads him to many victories. Secretariat is named horse of the year after a successful two-year-old year, but all the colts of Bold Ruler can\'t handle the distances that three-year-olds run. Penny\'s father suffers a stroke and dies, leaving Penny and her brother Hollis to inherit the estate. Penny needs six million dollars to pay estate taxes, but refuses to sell Secretariat. Instead she syndicates Red, selling 32 shares worth more than six million dollars, as long as he can win a three year old distance race. She tries to sell a share to Ogden Phipps, who instead offers to buy Red for eight million dollars. Penny refuses to sell him. When Phipps demands to know why, she tells him Red\'s value will triple when he wins the Triple Crown – a feat no horse has accomplished in twenty-five years. During this time Frank "Pancho" Martin, trainer of rival horse Sham, provokes a match race with Red. Red is taken to the Wood Memorial three weeks before the first of the Triple Crown races to take on Sham and attempt to earn Penny her syndication money. Ronnie notices that Red\'s breathing is heavy and he refuses to eat, and is reluctant to allow the bit into his mouth. Red loses the race, after which it\'s discovered he has an abscess which may have caused the loss. Red recovers and wins the Derby and Preakness in record time, then wins the Belmont by 31 lengths  to secure the Triple Crown.'] ['Approaching the end of a drug rehabilitation program, Jerry Stahl  quits his job at a fast food restaurant on an impulse when an attractive woman named Kitty  pulls up at the drive-through window. The two check into a motel, where Jerry tells her about his life in between bouts of sex. A series of flashbacks, intercut with their conversations, details his working life to this point. After moving to Los Angeles from New York City, Jerry - already addicted to various prescription medications - becomes friends with another addict, Nicky . At the urging of Nicky and his girlfriend Vola , Jerry marries Vola\'s friend Sandra  so she can get her green card. Sandra uses her position at a television studio to get Jerry onto the writing staff of the popular comedy series Mr. Chompers. He uses memories from his childhood, including his mother\'s hysterical grief over his father\'s death, to fuel his writing. He juggles his Mr. Chompers job and regular visits to a heroin dealer, Dita . However, his drug use eventually gets him fired. Sandra finds him a new job with a different series, No Such Luck, but star Pamela Verlaine  insists that he kick his habit first. As soon as Jerry starts on a methadone program, he runs across a dealer named Gus , who introduces him to crack cocaine and later Dilaudid. His increased drug use costs him his new job, and Sandra throws him out, disgusted at his decision to shoot up when she tells him she is pregnant. Her opinion of him falls even further when he shows up high for the birth of his daughter Nina. The flashbacks end at this point, with Jerry returning to Los Angeles in hopes of being part of Nina\'s life. While looking after her one night, he gets high and is arrested by the police. The incident further strains his relationship with Sandra, who makes it clear that she would prefer to see as little of him as possible. As he begins to resurrect his stalled writing career, he gets a surprise visit from Kitty. The two have one last sexual encounter before she leaves to move to Anchorage. In the final scene, Jerry appears on a series of talk shows and news programs, while commenting in voice-over about the damage that his addiction has done to his life. "I got out with a bad liver and enough debt to keep me in hock \'til I\'m 90, if I\'m still here. And with my luck, I will be."'] ['The film documents the varied playing and recording styles of guitarists Jimmy Page, The Edge, and Jack White. Page\'s history with guitar traces back to his childhood when he played in a skiffle band. After desiring to do more than play pop music, Page "retires" from guitar playing to attend art school. He later revives his music career as a session guitarist, only to be discouraged by the realization that he is playing others\' music and stifling his own creativity. At that point, Page begins to write and perform in the bands The Yardbirds and Led Zeppelin. Page discusses the skiffle and blues music that influenced him at the time. For many of Page\'s scenes, he is seen visiting Headley Grange, where several songs from Led Zeppelin IV were recorded, and in one scene, explains how the distinctive drum sound from "When the Levee Breaks" was achieved from the acoustics of the house it was recorded in. The Edge\'s history with guitar traces back to building a guitar with his brother Dik and learning to play. In the film, he visits Mount Temple Comprehensive School and recalls forming U2 in his childhood. He also demonstrates his playing technique, in how he eliminates certain strings from chords, as well as his use of echo and delay effects to "fill in notes that aren\'t there". He also discusses his purchase of his signature guitar, the Gibson Explorer, in New York City and the punk music that influenced him. In other scenes, he plays early demo tapes of "Where the Streets Have No Name", discusses his inspiration for "Sunday Bloody Sunday", and spends time experimenting with guitar effects for the riffs to "Get on Your Boots". Jack White traces his musical background to his childhood in a rundown neighborhood of Detroit. Living with two drum sets and a guitar occupying his room and sleeping on a piece of foam due to taking out his bed for more room for his music, White struggled to find a musical identity, as it was "uncool" to play an instrument and his nine siblings all shared a musical propensity. His strong interest in blues and roots music opposed the hip hop and house music popular in the predominantly Latino south Detroit neighbourhood at the time. White eventually finds a niche in a garage rock band called The Upholsterers while working as an upholsterer, which paves the way for his future bands The White Stripes and The Raconteurs. White\'s philosophy is to limit and challenge himself in various ways to force creative approaches to recording and playing. The touchstone of the film is a meeting of the three guitarists dubbed "The Summit". In these scenes, the three guitarists not only converse about their influences and techniques, but they also play each other\'s songs together, showing each other how to play "I Will Follow", "Dead Leaves and the Dirty Ground", and "In My Time of Dying". The film concludes with the men playing an impromptu cover version of The Band\'s "The Weight" on acoustic guitars.'] [' In the film, journalist crews are first seen trying to avoid being penned up in Kuwait City as the war is about to break. Other journalists repeatedly try to get through military zones to capture what\'s happening. Once these journalists make it into Iraq, they capture troops at their frazzled ends, cussing. A journalist described a Scud missile "whizzing" by is artfully juxtaposed with a shot of a string of photographers taking a "whiz". The reporters themselves wrestle with grisly images and the effect it may have on their humanity. One journalist admits she felt, "I\'m in over my head," but presses on. Later, she says of a tragic scene she has just witnessed, "If that doesn\'t affect you, you should find something else to do. That shit should always affect you." The U.S. later bombs the Baghdad hotel where these journalists are staying. After the gunfire stops, a Polish journalist files a radio report that says, "It doesn\'t look good," adding that a Marine has told him "too many people still have weapons."{{Cite journal | first Catlin | authorlink  | year July 6 | title Hartford Courant  | volume  | pages  | url  "watch">{{Cite journal}}'] ["Ken Carter  takes the job as coach of the Richmond Oilers basketball team at his old school Richmond High School, having been on the team himself and earned unbeaten records. Taking over from Coach White , Carter learns the team members are rude and disrespectful. He gives the team individual contracts, instructing them to attend all of their classes and maintain a grade average of 2.3 . Carter also asks the school staff for progress reports on the players' attendance. However, three players including Timo Cruz  refuse to follow the contract and quit the team. Nonetheless, Carter coaches the team well and allows them to win their first victory whilst playing properly. Carter's son Damien  joins the team, after quitting the private school St. Francis to play for his father. Teammate Kenyon Stone ([[Rob Brown  struggles to come to terms with his girlfriend Kyra ([[Ashanti 's being pregnant and eventually splits up with her, unsure if he could juggle basketball, aspiring for college and being a parent. Their relationship is explored over the course of the film. Cruz attempts to rejoin the basketball team after watching them at their last game, but Carter refuses to let him back in. Cruz has to do 1000 suicides and 2500 pushups to earn Carter's approval, aided by his teammates, eventually succeeding and is allowed back on the team. Carter continues to educate the teammates, teaching them respect for other players. The team eventually wins a holiday season basketball tournament, and are invited to a suburb mansion by a fan to party. Carter finds out, crashing the party with the mansion's owners. The enraged Carter returns to his office and finds the progress reports reveal the teammates have been skipping classes. Carter initiates a lockdown on the gym, banning the team from playing until they improve their grades. This angers the locals, and Carter is verbally and physically abused by numerous people. Cruz quits the team again, hanging out with his drug-dealing cousin Renny , only to witness his cousin getting gunned down and killed. Cruz goes to Carter in tears and is allowed back on the team. The school board eventually confronts Carter, who justifies his actions, explaining he wants to give his team the opportunity and option for further education so they do not resort to crime. The board, save Principal Garrison  and the chairman, votes to end the lockout, much to Carter's regret. Carter quits his job, but finds the team studying in the gym, unwilling to play basketball. Cruz reveals to Carter his deepest fear , is being unable to fulfill his true potential; he expresses this by quoting Marianne Williamson. Eventually the players improve their grades and are allowed to play basketball again. Kenyon invites Kyra to accompany him to his college scholarship, explaining that he had told the college of her pregnancy and that the college wanted to support them both; Kyra then conveys that she had an abortion. The team plays in the high school playoffs, learning their first opponent is St. Francis. The team ultimately loses, but is proud about what they have achieved. The ending reveals six of the players - including Damien, Cruz and Kenyon - going to college."] ['This film follows the life of basketball legend Eric "Hank" Gathers, from his growing up in the ghettos of Philadelphia to his freshman year at USC through his brief career playing basketball for Loyola Marymount University, where he collapsed during a game and died of a heart ailment.'] ["Man in the Mirror picks up from where An American Dream left off. At the beginning of the telefilm, it is set to 1983 where pop icon Michael Jackson, and his album, Thriller becomes the biggest selling album of all-time. Michael  grew up in the spotlight as a member of the popular R&B combo the Jackson 5, but his youthful success came with a price—robbed of a normal childhood, as he grew to be a man, Jackson found himself increasingly eager to remake his life into the childhood he never had. In the 1980s, Jackson's solo career blew up, and his album Thriller became the biggest selling album of all time, moving over 100 million copies and making him wealthy beyond his wildest dreams. As Jackson struggled to repeat its success, his public image and reputation became increasingly eccentric, and as allegations of drug abuse, excessive plastic surgery, and inappropriate behavior with children were thrown at him, Jackson found himself trapped between his desire to entertain his fans and proving to the world that he was a normal and law-abiding man."] ['The film recounts six months in the 2005-06 life of five children with autism and their parents in Los Angeles, California as their children write and rehearse for an original stage production.Page, Janice.  Boston Globe Look at autism sings by playing it straight. Section: LivingArts; Page 5C. Among the children, Henry Stills is an expert on dinosaurs and a budding comedian; Adam Mandela Walden plays the cello and sings in the film. The other children featured in the film have one or more things they excel at doing if only given the training they need to communicate and develop those skills. Several of the parents appearing in the film are well known in his or her own right. For example, Rosanne Katon-Walden was Playboy magazine\'s Playmate of the Month for its September 1978 issue and her husband Richard Walden is the president and chief executive officer of Operation USA, an international organization that shared the 1997 Nobel Peace Prize for its work as part of the International Campaign to Ban Landmines. American guitarist and singer/songwriter Stephen Stills is "Stills" in the renowned rock band Crosby, Stills & Nash. They and the other parents round out a cast of real-life parents struggling with their strained marriages while dealing with the sometimes overwhelming needs of their child with autism.'] ['François Soubirous , a former miller now unemployed, is forced to take odd jobs and live at the city jail with his wife , his two sons, and his two daughters. One morning he goes to find work, and is told to take contaminated trash from the hospital and dump it in the cave at Lourdes. At the Catholic school  which she and her sisters attend, fourteen-year old Bernadette Soubirous  is shamed in front of the class by Sister Vauzous, the teacher , for not having learned her catechism well. Her sister Marie  explains that Bernadette was out sick with asthma. Abbé Dominique Peyramale  enters and awards the students holy cards, but is told by Sister Vauzous that Bernadette does not deserve one, because she has not studied, and that it would not be fair to the other students. Peyramale encourages Bernadette to study harder. Later that afternoon, on an errand with her sister Marie and school friend Jeanne ([[Mary Anderson  to collect firewood outside the town of Lourdes, Bernadette is left behind when her companions warn her not to wade through the cold river by the Massabielle caves for fear of taking ill. About to cross anyway, Bernadette is distracted by a strange breeze and a change in the light. Investigating the cave, she finds a beautiful lady  standing in brilliant light, holding a pearl rosary. She tells her sister and friend, who promise not to tell anyone else, but of course they do, and the story soon spreads all over town. Many, including Bernadette\'s Aunt Bernarde , are convinced of her sincerity and stand up for her against her disbelieving parents, but Bernadette faces civil and church authorities alone. Repeatedly questioned, she stands solidly behind her outlandish story and continues to return to the cave as the lady has asked. She faces ridicule as the lady tells her to drink and wash at a spring that doesn\'t exist, but digs a hole in the ground and uses the wet sand and mud. The water begins to flow later and exhibits miraculous healing properties. The lady finally identifies herself as "the Immaculate Conception". Civil authorities try to have Bernadette declared insane, while Abbé Peyramale, the fatherly cleric who once doubted her and now becomes her staunchest ally, asks for a formal investigation to find out if Bernadette is a fraud, insane, or genuine. The grotto is closed and the Bishop of Tarbes  declares that unless the Emperor orders the grotto to be opened, there will be no investigation by the church. He says this will be a test for Bernadette\'s lady. Shortly thereafter, the Emperor\'s infant son falls ill and, under instructions from the Empress , the child\'s nanny obtains a bottle of the water. Arrested for violating the closure order, she appears in court, identifies herself as the Empress\' employee, and pays the fines of the other persons who attempted to enter the grotto, so that they will not have to serve time in jail. The magistrate permits her to go and to take the bottle of water with her. The Emperor\'s son drinks the water and recovers. The Empress believes that his recovery is miraculous, but the Emperor is not sure. The Empress upbraids him for doubting God, and at her insistence, the Emperor gives the order to reopen the grotto. The Bishop of Tarbes then directs the commission to convene. The investigation takes many years, and Bernadette is questioned again and again, but the commission eventually determines that Bernadette experienced visions and was visited by the Virgin Mary, the Mother of God. Bernadette prefers to go on with an ordinary life, work, and possible marriage, but Peyramale does not think it is appropriate to turn a saint loose in the world, and persuades her to become a nun at the motherhouse of the Sisters of Charity in Nevers, the Saint Gildard Convent. She is subjected to normal although rigorous spiritual training and hard work, but also emotional abuse from a cold and sinister Sister Vauzous, her former teacher at school, and who is mistress of novices here. Sister Vauzous is skeptically jealous of all the attention Bernadette has been receiving as a result of the visions. She reveals this to Bernadette, saying she is angry that God would choose Bernadette instead of her when she has spent her life in suffering in service of God. She says Bernadette has not suffered enough and wants a "sign" proving Bernadette really was chosen by Heaven. Bernadette is diagnosed with tuberculosis of the bone, which causes intense pain, yet she has never complained or so much as mentioned it. The jealous sister, realizing her wrongness and Bernadette\'s saintliness, begs for forgiveness in the chapel, and vows to serve Bernadette for the rest of her life. Knowing she is dying, Bernadette sends for Abbé Peyramale  and tells him of her feelings of unworthiness and her concern that she will never see the lady again. But the lady appears in the room, smiling and holding out her arms. Only Bernadette can see her, however, and with a cry of "I love you!. "I love you! Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for me", she reaches out to the apparition, and falls back dead. Peyramale utters the final words of the film, "You are now in Heaven and on earth. Your life begins, O Bernadette".'] ['Jordana Horn in The Jewish Daily Forward states that: :Budrus [is] a documentary by Julia Bacha that examines one West Bank town’s reaction to Israel’s construction of the security barrier. The town, with a population of 1,500, was set to be divided and encircled by the barrier, losing 300 acres of land and 3,000 olive trees. These trees were not only critical for economic survival but also sacred to the town’s intergenerational history. The film tells the story of Ayed Morrar, a Palestinian whose work for Fatah had led to five detentions in Israeli jails, but whose momentous strategic decision that the barrier would be best opposed by nonviolent resistance had far-reaching ramifications.'] ['Born in Boston, Massachusetts in 1932, Plath developed a precocious talent as a writer, publishing her first poem when she was only eight years old. That same year, tragedy introduced itself into her life as Plath was forced to confront the unexpected death of her father. In 1950, she began studying at Smith College on a literary scholarship, and while she was an outstanding student, she also began suffering from bouts of extreme depression. Following her junior year, she attempted suicide for the first time. Plath survived, and, in 1955, she was granted a Fulbright Scholarship to study in England at the University of Cambridge. While in Great Britain, Plath met Ted Hughes, a respected author, who would later become the British Poet Laureate. The two fell in love and married in 1956. Marriage, family and a growing reputation as an important poet nonetheless failed to bring Plath happiness. She became increasingly fascinated with death, a highly visible theme in her later poetry and her sole novel, The Bell Jar. After Hughes left her for another woman, her depression went into a tailspin from which she never recovered.'] ['The story begins with Aylward  being rejected as a potential missionary to China because of her lack of education. Dr. Robinson , the senior missionary, feels sorry for her and secures her a position in the home of a veteran explorer with contacts in China. Over the next few months, Aylward saves her money to purchase a ticket on the Trans-Siberian railway, choosing the more dangerous overland route to the East because it is less expensive. Once in China, she settles in the town of Yang Cheng, where she secures a post as assistant to a veteran missionary, Jeannie Lawson , who has set up an inn for traveling merchants, where they can get a hot meal and hear stories from the Bible. The film follows Aylward\'s acculturation, culminating in her taking over the inn when Lawson dies in an accident. The local mandarin  appoints Aylward, a stubborn but endearing woman, as his Foot Inspector to ensure that the ancient practice of foot binding is eradicated in the region he governs. She succeeds in this, and manages to put down a prison revolt as well, winning her the esteem of the local population as well as of the mandarin. Meanwhile, however, China is being invaded by Japan, and Aylward is encouraged by Lin to leave. She refuses, and as the town of Yang Cheng comes under attack, she finds that she has fifty orphans in her care. As the population prepares to evacuate the town, the mandarin announces that he is converting to Christianity to honour Aylward and her work  She is now left alone with the children, aided by Li , the former leader of the prison revolt that she helped to resolve . Lin tells her that the only hope for safety is to take the children to the next province, where trucks will drive them to safety, but they must get there within three weeks, or else the trucks will leave without them. Just as they are preparing to leave, another fifty orphans appear from a neighbouring town, so Aylward and Li have no choice but to lead one hundred children on a trek across the countryside. Although it should only have taken them a week, the roads are infested with Japanese patrols, and the group has no choice but to cut across the mountains. After a long, difficult journey, they all arrive safely  on the day the trucks are to leave. Aylward is greeted by Dr. Robinson, whom she reminds how he rejected her as a missionary years before. The film culminates with the column of children, led by Aylward, marching into the town, singing the song "This Old Man" to keep up their spirits.'] ['The film\'s narrative structure is a largely non-linear series of key events from the life of Édith Piaf, many of which the audience ultimately learns are evoked as flashbacks from within Édith\'s own memory as she dies. Despite the fractured narrative approach, the film is anchored at the beginning by predominance of elements from her childhood, and at the end with the events prior to and surrounding her death, poignantly juxtaposed by a performance of her song, "Non, je ne regrette rien" . The film opens with Édith as a small child in 1918, crying on a stoop after being teased by other children on the streets of Paris. Her mother stands across the alley singing, busking for change. Édith\'s mother writes to her child\'s father, the acrobat, who is fighting in the trenches of World War I battlefields, informing him that she is leaving Édith with her mother so she can pursue the life of the artist. Her father returns to Paris and scoops up a sick Édith, then in turn leaves the child with his own mother, who is a madam of a bordello in Normandy. Now living as a child in a brothel, surrounded by the often brutal and demeaning business of prostitution, Édith is taken under the wing of the women there, especially Titine , a young troubled redhead who becomes emotionally attached to the little girl. Titine sings to, plays with, and tenderly cares for Édith through travails including an episode of keratitis-induced blindness that is healed through their prayers to St. Thérèse. Years later, Édith\'s father returns for her. Despite anguished protests from both Titine and Édith, he takes the child away to join him as he works as a circus acrobat. As Édith is outside cleaning up after dinner one night, she watches a fire eater practicing, and in the flames sees an apparition of St Thérèse, who assures her that she will always be with her—a belief that she carries with her for the rest of her life. When Édith is nine years old, her father leaves the circus after an argument with the manager and begins performing on the streets of Paris. During a lackluster performance of her father\'s contortionist skills while Édith holds a hat for coins, a passerby asks if Édith is part of the show and, with prompting by her father to "do something" so the half-interested audience doesn\'t leave, she spontaneously sings "La Marseillaise" with raw emotion, mesmerizing the street crowd. Years later, a nightclub owner named Louis Leplée  approaches Édith while she sings  on the streets of Montmartre for supper money with her friend Mômone. He invites her to his club for an informal audition. Impressed, he hires her, after creating for diminutive Édith a stage surname of Piaf, a colloquialism for sparrow. Soon, Leplée is shot dead, suspected by the police to be due to Édith\'s connections to the mafia through the pimp who has demanded a large portion of her street singing earnings. When Édith next attempts a show at a low grade cabaret, she is jeered and shouted off the stage by a hostile crowd, but she soon meets her next mentor—Raymond Asso, a songwriter and accompanist. He enlivens her performances by teaching her to gesture with her "great hands" while singing, and works with her on enunciation and other aspects of stage presence, including how to battle her initial fierce bouts of stage fright that almost prevent her from taking the stage for her first music hall performance. While performing in New York City, Édith meets Marcel Cerdan , a fellow French national who is a boxer competing for the World Champion title. Though she quickly learns from him that he has a wife, who runs their pig farm while he\'s away, Édith tells Mômone that she is falling in love with Marcel. The affair that ensues, while supposedly secret, results in the playing of "La Vie En Rose" being played for Marcel wherever he goes. The morning after Édith has persuaded Marcel to fly to her from Paris to join her in New York, she wakes up to his kiss. She joyfully hurries to get him coffee and her gift to him of a watch, while she mocks and exasperatedly shouts at her oddly subdued entourage as they listlessly stand around her apartment. They finally break the news to her that Marcel\'s plane crashed. Édith hysterically searches for the ghost of Marcel that was lounging on her bed just a few moments before, crying out the name of her lost lover. The narrative bookends these scenes from Édith\'s middle life with repeated vignettes of an aged-looking Édith with frizzy red hair, being nursed and tended to. She spends much of her time sitting in a chair by the lakeside, and when she stands, she has the stooped posture and slowness of a much older person. Another set of fractured memories shows Édith with short curly hair, plastered to her face like she is feverish, singing on stage and collapsing while she tries to sing, a moment when Édith herself realizes that her body is betraying her, when she is hosting a party at a Parisian bistro, and topples a bottle of champagne because of her developing arthritis, and to the morphine addiction that ultimately plays a large role in her demise, as she injects the drug with a young lover in her bedroom. After her husband persuades her to enter rehabilitation for her addiction, she travels to California with him, Jacques Pills, and the audience sees the sober but manic-by-nature Édith being driven around in a convertible, laughing, joking, teasing her compatriots and generally being the life of the party, until she takes the wheel and promptly drives into a joshua tree. The hilarity is uninterrupted as Édith gets out and pretends to hitchhike—the whole episode appearing to be a metaphor for her lifelong frantic efforts to be happy and distracted by entertaining others, through all manner of disasters. Years later, Piaf, now frail and hunched, squabbles with her entourage about whether or not she will be able to perform at the Olympia. No one but Édith thinks that she will be ready to attempt the feat, but she ultimately faces this reality herself. Then, a new songwriter and arranger shows up with a song, "Je ne regrette rien", and Édith exclaims: "You\'re marvelous! Exactly what I\'ve been waiting for. It\'s incredible. It\'s me! That\'s my life, it\'s me." She announces that she will indeed perform it at the Olympia. Memories from prior to and during her last performance, when she collapses onstage, are interwoven through the film, foreshadowing the tragic end to a stellar but prematurely ended stage life. The memories appear to almost haunt Piaf. In one series, prior to what turns out to be her last performance, Édith is finally ready to go onstage after a series of delays, when she asks for the cross necklace that she always wears. As her staff rush away to get it, she sits and, in her quiet solitude, experiences more memories of her past, and after Édith puts on the retrieved cross and shuffles out onto the stage, the film presents more flashbacks as she is singing one of her signature songs, "Je ne regrette rien." She relives a sunny day on a beach with her knitting, when an older Édith with an obvious stoop graciously answers the simple and polite questions of an interviewer: what is her favorite color? , her favorite food? , and then more poignant questions that she also answers without hesitation, again showing the longings of her life. If you were to give advice to a woman, what would it be? "Love." To a young girl? "Love." To a child? "Love." As though he is carrying a swaddled infant, Louis easily carries Édith, tiny and wasted away at the age of 47, into her bedroom and tucks her into bed, while the subtitle removes any illusions that this is other than the last day of her life. She is afraid. She says she cannot remember things, but has a disjointed series of memories of the kind of small moments that somehow define all our lives more than the "big moments" do—scrambled and fragmentary as a dying person might experience—her mother commenting on her "wild eyes," her father giving her a gift of a doll, and thoughts of her own dead child, Marcelle. The film ends not with a death scene, which is implied, but with Édith performing "Non, je ne regrette rien" at the Olympia.'] ['In a Dream is a documentary about Philadelphia-based artist Isaiah Zagar that was filmed and directed by his son, Jeremiah. Isaiah Zagar is famous for his complex, highly-detailed mosaics, which cover {{convert}} of South Philly with elaborate designs made from tiles and mirror pieces. These mosaics chronicle his relationship with his wife, Julia, and make him a dominant figure in the city’s arts scene. Zagar reveals many personal details of his life during the film, including revelations about his childhood and the existence of an adulterous relationship that threatens to tear his family apart.'] ['Following a news story depicting the demolition of a slum in East London, South Africa, journalist Donald Woods  seeking more information about the incident, ventures off to meet black activist Steve Biko . Biko has been officially banned by the South African government and is not permitted to leave his defined banning area at King William\'s Town. Woods is formally against Biko\'s banning, but is still critical of his political views. Biko invites Woods to visit a black township to see the impoverished conditions and to witness the effect of the government imposed restrictions which make up the apartheid system. Woods begins to agree with Biko\'s desire for a South Africa where blacks have the same opportunities and freedoms as those enjoyed by the white population. As Woods comes to understand Biko\'s point of view, a friendship develops between them. After a political speech at a gathering outside his banning area, Biko is arrested and later beaten to death while in police custody. Woods works to expose the police\'s complicity in Biko\'s death. He meets with Jimmy Kruger , the South African Minister of Justice in his house at Pretoria, but his efforts to expose the truth lead to his own banning. Woods and his family are targeted in a campaign of harassment by the security police. He later decides to seek asylum in England to expose the corrupt and racist nature of the South African authorities. After a long trek, Woods is eventually able to escape to the country of Lesotho, disguised as a priest. His wife Wendy  and their family later join him, and are flown to Botswana with the aid of Bruce Haigh ([[John Hargreaves , a controversial Australian diplomat who uses his diplomatic immunity to help them. In the film however Hargreaves\' character is an Australian journalist. The film\'s epilogue displays a graphic detailing a long list of anti-apartheid activists , who died under suspicious circumstances while imprisoned by the government. Contrary to popular belief, the listing\'s dates in the graphic actually stopped before the film\'s release, as the Apartheid government stopped releasing the increasing transparently false "official explanations" for deaths in custody.'] ["As the film opens, Guilio Andreotti gives an inner monologue observing how he has managed to survive his tumultuous political career while his various detractors have died. A montage shows the murders of various people connected to Andreotti, including journalist Mino Pecorelli, Carabinieri general Carlo Alberto Dalla Chiesa, bankers Michele Sindona and Roberto Calvi, and former prime minister Aldo Moro. The story of Giulio Andreotti, a seven-time prime minister of Italy notorious for his alleged ties to the Mafia. The narration spans the period from Andreotti's seventh election in 1992, to his failed bid for the presidency of the Italian Republic, to the Tangentopoli bribe scandal, until his trial in 1995."] ["The movie covers the last 14 months of George Jackson's life, and his existence under subjective and objective conditions in California's industrial prison complex. George Jackson would spend 11 years in jail  for a $70 gas station robbery crime in 1960. He was 18 years of age when the sentence of one year-to-life was handed down to him. The movie encompasses the infamous Soledad Brothers case in which George Jackson, Fleeta Drumgo, and John Clucheette are accused of murdering a Soledad prison guard, in retaliation for the killing of three Black inmates involved in a fight with White inmates on an exercise yard in Soledad State Prison, Soledad, California. Reflecting the general prison movement in the late 1960s and early 1970s, and the role the Black Panther Party would play in organizing both the outside communities in America as well as their influence on prisoners across the country. George Jackson would be moved and inspired as a result of the Panther Party activities. As a prison organizer, George was recruited by Black Panther Party founder Huey P. Newton to head the Peoples Army, a euphemism which would become synonymous with the name Black Guerrilla Family. The film points out the conspiratorial nature of occurrences, which surrounded the events of August 7, 1970, where Jackson's 17-year-old younger brother, Jonathan Jackson, played by Ezra J. Stanley, would be killed at the Marin County Courthouse, at San Rafael, California, during an alleged hostage takeover attempt to leverage against the release of the elder Jackson, and the other Soledad Brothers. The younger Jackson and three others would be killed, including Superior Judge Harold Haley and August 21, 1971, where George Jackson himself, and five others would be killed at San Quentin State Prison, California, during what is described as a prison break attempt. After a nationwide manhunt, Angela Davis would be captured and stand trial in connection with the Marin County Court House liberation attempt by Jonathan Jackson, accused of conspiracy in supplying 17-year-old Jonathan Jackson with the weapons used. George Jackson is accused of smuggling a 9mm pistol and extra clips concealed under an Afro-wig, into the prison cellblock following a visit by Attorney Stephen Bingham. Stephen Bingham would leave the country, not returning to face charges until 14 years later. Both, Davis and Bingham would be acquitted. Others possibly involved in connection with the events of August 21, 1971 would never be questioned."] ["In 1933 Texas school teacher and aspiring writer Novalyne Price is introduced by friends to pulp fiction writer Robert E. Howard. A relationship soon develops between the two but it is doomed by personality conflicts and life events, such as the terminal illness of Howard's mother."] ['To the pealing of church bells, Luther begins to ascend into his pulpit to preach, but he is hindered by stomach cramps. It is 1525 at the time of the Peasants\' Revolt. He looks out facing the camera and sees a wounded knight wheeling in a hand cart that holds the body of a fallen comrade. The knight sardonically regales Luther with some of his accomplishments but then accuses him of abandoning those who got his reformation for him. Luther denies this, and the knight dips his right hand into his comrade\'s blood and wipes it across Luther\'s white surplice, telling him he now looks like a butcher. Luther stares silently. The film will return to this scene at this very point after the presentation of all the events of the story that precede it . The scene shifts to the Augustinian cloister in Erfurt in 1506, when Luther becomes a full-fledged monk of the Order of Eremites of St. Augustine at the completion of his novitiate. Following the vesting of the new monk the young knight takes on the role of narrator and commentator for the rest of the film, explaining that Luther had become a monk to protect his soul from demonic attack and that he sought to outdo his brothers in the "counsels of perfection" in order to suppress internal murmurings of doubt. Luther is shown serving his brothers in the refectory, cleaning the cloister\'s latrines, washing the dishes, shivering in cold as he tries to sleep in his cell, and pacing back and forth in prayer. An important line of Luther\'s at this point is, "I am afraid of the darkness and the hole in it ... and there\'s no bottom to it!" He is so overwhelmed by his own sinfulness that he all but bursts open when he is making his confession. In a daily office he leaves the stalls where his brother monks are chanting a psalm, and he collapses in a fit before the altar. The knight reports that he suffered in that way for months but that he was able to cope with his doubts by "dropping them" from out of his head and into his bowels, i.e., becoming constipated. Luther is then shown in his cell just before his first mass. His friend Brother Weinand comes in to tell him that his father has come to attend. In the course of vesting Luther, Weinand has him confess the Apostles\' Creed, repeating twice the article, "the forgiveness of sins" to bring home to Luther that he is expected to believe that his sins are forgiven if he confesses this creed. This is the first time in the film that Luther is confronted. In this confrontation Weinand ends by telling Luther, "God isn\'t angry with you. It is you that are angry with him." When Weinand leaves, Luther imagines he sees Jesus Christ as a fearful judge seated on a rainbow with a sword poised to punish him. This image takes him into the saying of his first mass, which he does poorly by seeming to forget the words of the liturgy. He then faces his father at the reception in the refectory. When father and son are left alone, Hans Luther scolds his son for failing to keep the commandment to honor father and mother when he left the study of law to enter the convent. He also tells him that he believes that Luther is murdering himself in the convent. This is the second confrontation. Luther defends himself by affirming that he did see a vision in the thunderstorm that moved him to make a promise to St. Anne to become a monk. He also shares how he felt closest to his father. The knight begins the next segment with the statement: "So the praising ended, and the blasphemy began." Johann Tetzel is portrayed preaching indulgences with great pomp and circumstance. He makes the bold claim that his indulgences would even provide forgiveness for one who offered violence to the Virgin Mary. In the next scene Luther comes upon his mentor Vicar General Johann von Staupitz as he dozes under a pear tree. Staupitz confronts Luther for a third time with the accusation that he resents authority and makes it look ridiculous by his meticulous observance of his monastic rule. Staupitz urges Luther to articulate his position among his peers in Latin rather than in the vernacular German that would encourage the peasants and young knights to revolt. Luther then is shown preaching a sermon on the eve of All Saints\' Day, 1517, in which he graphically tells how he discovered the gospel of justification by faith alone while sitting on the latrine. He declares that someone has to "bell the cat," and with that he goes out to post his Ninety-five Theses. Luther is then confronted for the fourth time by Tetzel and Thomas Cardinal Cajetan de Vio at Augsburg in the fall of 1518. Cajetan warns Luther that if he does not retract his "errors and sermons" that the unity of Christendom would be sundered. Luther refuses, and Cajetan concludes, "That man hates himself, and if he goes to the stake, Tetzel, you can inscribe it: \'he could only love others.\'" The next scene shows Luther burning the bull Exsurge Domine in defiance of the pope. He then falls to the ground in a fit for a second time in the film. In a prayer he reminds God that the cause he is fighting is God\'s not his. He wonders if God is dead, concluding that God cannot die but only hide himself. The famous session of the Diet of Worms is portrayed when Luther appears for the second time. The inquisitor is portrayed as Johann Eck. Luther is now confronted for the fifth time by Eck, who interrupts his "Here I Stand" speech with the warning that the common man is so greedy as to be incited to revolt if he does not recant. Luther refuses, and the momentousness of that action is emphasized in the film. The young knight exults in the moment: if Luther wanted to he could have led a successful revolt against established authority. The knight breaks off his ardor by disgustedly stating that Luther issued a plea for the extermination of the rebels, his Against the Murderous, Thieving Hordes of Peasants. Luther is portrayed as standing before the emperor and the princes declaiming a portion of his notorious tract. The emperor and the princes walk past Luther with their swords drawn to put down the peasants. Luther is then shown wandering through a devastated marketplace where peasants had been slaughtered. He is brought once again to where he had been confronted by the young knight, who wipes blood across his surplice: Luther is confronted for the fifth time. Luther defends himself with the assertion: "God is the butcher. Address your abuse to him." Luther then tells the story of the Sacrifice of Isaac by Abraham, concluding that God gives life when nothing seems imminent but death. Luther is confronted for the seventh and final time by old Staupitz who has come to visit Martin and his wife Katie. Luther admits that the peasants had just cause but that as a mob they were against Christ. Staupitz is relieved to hear that Luther was not sure when he took his stand at Worms. Luther prays, "Help my unbelief." Katie comes in with their infant son Hans, who cannot get to sleep. Luther repeats his superstition that passing air in the devil\'s face wards him off: going from being anal retentive to being anal expulsive shows one has overcome one\'s doubts and fears. In the final scene Luther takes the baby into his pulpit and assures him that "the dark isn\'t quite as thick as all that," that they should hope that Christ will be true to his word, "A little while and you\'ll not see me, and then again a little and you shall see me" .'] ['Milk is the story of Harvey Milk , and his struggles as an American gay activist who fought for gay rights and became California\'s first openly gay elected official. The film opens with archival footage of police raiding gay bars and arresting patrons during the 1950s and 1960s, followed by Dianne Feinstein\'s November 27, 1978, announcement to the press that Milk and Moscone had been assassinated. Milk is seen recording his will throughout the film, nine days  before the assassinations. The film then flashes back to New York City in 1970, the eve of Milk\'s 40th birthday and his first meeting with his much younger lover, Scott Smith . Unsatisfied with his life and in need of a change, Milk and Smith decide to move to San Francisco in the hope of finding larger acceptance of their relationship. They open Castro Camera in the heart of Eureka Valley, a working-class neighborhood in the process of evolving into a predominantly gay neighborhood known as The Castro. Frustrated by the opposition they encounter in the once Irish-Catholic neighborhood, Milk utilizes his background as a businessman to become a gay activist, eventually becoming a mentor for Cleve Jones . Early on, Smith serves as Milk\'s campaign manager, but his frustration grows with Milk\'s devotion to politics, and he leaves him. Milk later meets Jack Lira , a sweet-natured but unbalanced young man. As with Smith, Lira cannot tolerate Milk\'s devotion to political activism, and eventually hangs himself. Milk clashes with the local gay "establishment" which he feels to be too cautious and risk-averse. After two unsuccessful political campaigns in 1973 and 1975 to become a city supervisor and a third in 1976 for the California State Assembly, Milk finally wins a seat on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors in 1977 for District 5. His victory makes him the first openly gay man to be voted into major public office in California and in the top three in the entire US. Milk subsequently meets fellow Supervisor Dan White , a Vietnam veteran and former police officer and firefighter. White, who is politically and socially conservative, has a difficult relationship with Milk, and develops a growing resentment for Milk when he opposes projects that White proposes. Milk and White forge a complex working relationship. Milk is invited to, and attends, the christening of White\'s first child, and White asks for Milk\'s assistance in preventing a psychiatric hospital from opening in White\'s district, possibly in exchange for White\'s support of Milk\'s citywide gay rights ordinance. When Milk fails to support White because of the negative effect it will have on troubled youth, White feels betrayed, and ultimately becomes the sole vote against the gay rights ordinance. Milk also launches an effort to defeat Proposition 6, an initiative on the California state ballot in November 1978. Sponsored by John Briggs , a conservative state legislator from Orange County, Proposition 6 seeks to ban gays and lesbians  from working in California\'s public schools. It is also part of a nationwide conservative movement that starts with the successful campaign headed by Anita Bryant and her organization Save Our Children in Dade County, Florida to repeal a local gay rights ordinance. On November 7, 1978, after working tirelessly against Proposition 6, Milk and his supporters rejoice in the wake of its defeat. The increasingly unstable White favors a supervisor pay raise, but does not get much support, and shortly after supporting the proposition, resigns from the Board. He later changes his mind and asks to be reinstated. Mayor Moscone  denies his request, after being lobbied by Milk. On the morning of November 27, 1978, White enters City Hall through a basement window to conceal a gun from metal detectors. He requests another meeting with Moscone, who rebuffs his request for appointment to his former seat. Enraged, White shoots Moscone in his office and then goes to meet Milk, where he guns him down, with the fatal bullet delivered execution style. The film suggests that Milk believed that White might be a closeted gay man.Edelstein D. "\'Milk\' Is Much More Than A Martyr Movie." NPR. November 26, 2008. Accessed on: January 3, 2009. The last scene is a candlelight vigil held by thousands for Milk and Moscone throughout the streets of the city. Pictures of the actual people depicted in the film, and brief summaries of their lives follow.'] ["The young Benny Goodman is taught clarinet by a Chicago music professor. He is advised by bandleader Edward Ory to play whichever kind of music he likes best, but to make a living, Benny begins by joining the Ben Pollack traveling band. In New York, where the band gets a lukewarm reception, Benny meets jazz lover John Hammond and his sister Alice. He is invited to the stately Hammond home to perform a Mozart clarinet concerto. Alice fears he will be embarrassed, but his playing is impeccable and Benny appreciates her concern. Benny's performances on a popular Saturday night radio program result in Fletcher Henderson volunteering to do some arrangements for him. On the west coast, the radio show's early start has made Benny's music a sensation with a younger generation. He puts together a quartet featuring Gene Krupa on drums, Teddy Wilson on piano and Lionel Hampton on vibes. The romance with society girl Alice is disconcerting to Benny's mother, but by the time her son plays Carnegie Hall, all is well and Mrs. Goodman has personally invited her future daughter-in-law to sit by her side."] ["The filmmaker is a childhood friend of Bagby, and when he begins making home movies, Bagby frequently appears in them. As they become more professional in quality in later years, Bagby invests in them as well. Bagby is a 28-year-old medical student when he meets Shirley Jane Turner, a twice-divorced Canadian American general practitioner thirteen years his senior. Bagby's parents, friends, and associates are wary of the relationship, but initially Turner seems to keep Bagby grounded and relatively free of stress as he pursues his career. Turner lives and works in Council Bluffs, Iowa, while Bagby works as a resident in family practice in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. Eventually, the relationship crumbles and they separate. Turner returns to her home but then drives almost 1,000 miles overnight to meet Bagby at a local park on November 5, 2001. Bagby's body is discovered there the following day, face down with five gunshot wounds.{{cite web}}"] ['On the opening night of Princess Ida at the Savoy Theatre in January 1884, composer Arthur Sullivan , who is ill from kidney disease, is barely able to make it to the theatre to conduct. He goes on a holiday to Continental Europe hoping that the rest will improve his health. While he is away, ticket sales and audiences at the Savoy Theatre wilt in the hot summer weather. Producer Richard D\'Oyly Carte  has called on Sullivan and the playwright W. S. Gilbert  to create a new piece for the Savoy, but it is not ready when Ida closes. Until a new piece can be prepared, Carte revives an earlier Gilbert and Sullivan work, The Sorcerer. Gilbert\'s idea for their next opera features a transformative magic potion, which Sullivan feels is too similar to the magic lozenge and other magic talismans used in previous operasGilbert and Sullivan\'s The Sorcerer  involved a magic love potion, and several of Gilbert\'s other works involved various magic devices that transform the possessor. See, e.g., Dulcamara, or the Little Duck and the Great Quack . and appears mechanical in its reliance on a supernatural device. Sullivan, under pressure to write more serious music, says he longs for something that is "probable" and involves "human interest", and is not dependent on magic. Gilbert sees nothing wrong with his libretto and refuses to write a new one, which results in a standoff. The impasse is resolved after Gilbert and his wife visit a popular exhibition of Japanese arts and crafts in Knightsbridge, London. When the katana sword he purchases there falls noisily off the wall of his study, he is inspired to write a libretto set in exotic Japan. Sullivan likes the idea and agrees to compose the music for it. Gilbert, Sullivan and Carte work to make The Mikado a success, and many glimpses of rehearsals and stressful backstage preparations for the show follow: Cast members lunch together before negotiating their salaries. Gilbert brings in Japanese girls from the exhibition to teach the ladies\' chorus how to walk and use fans in the Japanese manner. The principal cast react to the fittings of their costumes designed by C. Wilhelm. The entire cast object to the proposed cut of the title character\'s Act Two solo, "A more humane Mikado". The actors face first-night jitters in their dressing rooms. Finally The Mikado is ready to open. As usual, Gilbert is too nervous to watch the opening performance and paces the streets of London. Returning to the theatre, however, he finds that the new opera is a resounding success.'] ["Set in Liverpool in the 1950s, this movie concentrates on the early life of John Lennon  as he struggles to become a successful musician in the embryonic stages of British rock and roll. Lennon goes on to form a number of bands, widening his local audience as he develops, before later joining with Stuart Sutcliffe , George Harrison , Pete Best , and Paul McCartney  to form The Beatles. The band attract the attention of music promoter Brian Epstein  who engineers their success and fame. However, Sutcliffe and Best are both dropped from the band, to be replaced by Ringo Starr . The film focuses on eight years of Lennon's youth, from age 16 to 23, from his teenage years living with his aunt Mimi Smith, to the early successes of the Beatles. It deals with Lennon's abandonment by his father, the double loss of his mother , his introduction to McCartney at St. Peter's Church Hall, his courting and marriage to his first wife, Cynthia , the loss of his best friend Sutcliffe, the birth of his son Julian, and the early popularity of the Beatles in Germany. It includes authentic Liverpudlian landmarks such as the actual house where Lennon grew up, St Peter's Church Hall , the Liverpool Art College and Quarry Bank High School where Lennon was a student, as well as and numerous musical venues where the young Beatles performed. Also shown are recreated scenes from the Quarrymen, the German era, and the Cavern Club performances. The film ends with the Beatles' first appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show."] ["Brigadier General William Mitchell tries to prove the worth of the Air Service as an independent service by sinking a battleship under restrictive conditions agreed to by Army and Navy. He disobeys their orders to limit the attack to bombs under 1,000 pounds and instead loads 2,000 pounders. With these, he proves his aircraft can sink the ex-German World War I battleship {{SMS}}, previously considered unsinkable. But his superiors are outraged. Politically vocal, he is demoted to colonel and sent to a ground unit in Texas. A high-profile air disaster occurs in which his close friend Zachary Lansdowne is killed, the crash of the dirigible {{USS}}. This is followed by a second disaster in which six planes, poorly maintained because of lack of funds, flying from a base on the California coast to Fort Huachuca, Arizona, crash. Mitchell at this points calls a press conference in which he makes harsh criticisms of the Army. He is then court-martialed. It goes slowly for Mitchell's attorney and friend, Congressman Reed of Mitchell's home state Wisconsin, who tries everything, until he subpoenas President Calvin Coolidge. At this point the court decides to adjourn. Clearly the military wants out of this limelight, but Mitchell refuses to sign a paper Reed has presented him in which he withdraws his criticisms in return for saving his career as an Army officer. Margaret Lansdowne, widow of Mitchell's dead friend from the Shenandoah, then appears in court. The previous barring of evidence demonstrating a justification for Mitchell's criticisms of his superiors failure to develop air power is repealed and many witnesses are then called forward to corroborate Mitchell's criticisms, including Eddie Rickenbacker and Fiorello LaGuardia. Finally Mitchell testifies and is cross-examined by a prosecutor specially brought in for the job  who stresses his having disobeyed his superior officers and who ridicules his attempts at foresight, even that accurately describing, in 1941, both Philippines and Hawaii were attacked by Japan. The court finds Mitchell guilty, but he has presented his case to the public, which is somewhat of a win considering he wanted to raise awareness about the state of the Air Service. As his pilots salute him Mitchell steps out and looks up and sees a squadron of four biplanes in flight, the biplanes are replaced with a squadron of jets, demonstrating what Billy Mitchell's actions will result in for the future of the United States and its Air Force."] ["Veteran photojournalist Richard Boyle has been taking his camera to the world's trouble spots for over 20 years; while he does good work, Boyle's fondness for booze and drugs, and his colossal arrogance, have given him a reputation that's left him practically unemployable. Broke and with no immediate prospects, Boyle and his buddy Doctor Rock, an out-of-work disc jockey, head to El Salvador, where Boyle is convinced that he can scare up some lucrative freelance work amidst the nation's political turmoil. However, when Boyle and Rock witness the execution of a student by government troops just as they enter the country, it becomes clear that this war is more serious than they were expecting. Increasingly convinced that El Salvador is a disaster starting to happen, Boyle eventually decides that it's time to get out; but he has fallen in love with a woman named Maria, and he doesn't want to leave her behind."] ["John suffered from epileptic seizures and an autism-like developmental disorder, and the Royal Family tried to shelter him from public view as much as possible; the script shied away from presenting the Royal Family as unsympathetic to the Prince, and instead showed how much this cost them emotionally . Poliakoff explores the story of John, his relationship with his family, John's brother, Prince George, the political events going on at the time  and the love and devotion shown to him by his nanny, Charlotte Bill , played by Gina McKee."] ['{{Copy edit-section}} The film begins at Paris-Orly Airport where Marjane Satrapi  is unable to board a plane to Iran, for reasons that are not clearly explained. Sitting down to smoke a cigarette, she remembers her life as a girl in 1978 at the age of 9. As a child, Marji lived in Tehran with dreams of being a prophet and an emulator of Bruce Lee. Juxtaposing her childhood ambitions is the general uprising against the US-backed Shah of Iran, with her middle-class family participating in rallies and protests with high hopes for a better society. Meanwhile, Marji attempts to identify with her generation\'s point of view, whether it is threatening the child of an unpopular government official, or competing for the greater childish prestige of having a relative who has been a political prisoner the longest time. Marji and a group of friends attempt to attack a young boy whose father, a member of SAVAK, killed Communists for fun, but they are stopped by her mother, Taji . That night, God appears before her to teach her about forgiveness, and about how she should not take justice into her own hands. One day Marji\'s Uncle Anoush arrives to have dinner with the family and catch up with them after recently being released from prison. Anoush tells Marji about his life on the run from the government for rebelling with his Communist ideology, his role in the establishment of Azerbaijan People\'s Government and that he was imprisoned by Iranian authorities when he attempted to return to Iran from the Soviet Union. He also speaks of his nine years spent in prison to subtly warn Marji of the consequences of standing up for innocent people, but that she should always remember her family and remain true to herself. During this time all political enemies ceased fighting and elections for a new leading power commenced. However, things do not get any better for the family, who is profoundly upset when Islamic Fundamentalists win the elections with 99.99% of the vote and start repressing Iranian society. The hands of the law, now controlled by Khomeini, make things worse for the Iranian people, for instance by forcing women to dress modestly , or by rearresting and executing Anoush for his political beliefs. Profoundly disillusioned, Marji rejects her prophetic aspirations before God and tries with her family to fit into the reality of the intolerant regime. To make things worse, the Iran-Iraq war breaks out and Marji sees for herself the horrors of death and destruction; the Iranian government begins implementing ridiculous laws that create blatant injustices. Marji witnesses her father threatened by teenage government officials wielding AK-47\'s and watches her critically ill uncle die because an unqualified government-appointed hospital administrator refuses to let him go abroad for medical treatment. The family tries to find some solace in secret parties where they can enjoy simple pleasures the government has outlawed, such as alcohol. As she grows up, Marji begins a life of over-confidence, where she refuses to stay out of trouble, secretly buys Western heavy metal music, notably Iron Maiden, on the black market, wears unorthodox clothing such as a denim jacket, celebrates punk rock and other Western music sensations like Michael Jackson, and openly rebuts a teacher\'s lies about the abuses of the government. Fearing her arrest for her outspokenness, Marji\'s parents make the difficult decision to send her to a French Lycée in Vienna, Austria in 1983, where she could be safe and free to express herself. She lives with Catholic nuns when she arrives and soon finds herself on edge with the discriminatory and judgmental nuns. Marji does make new friends, but ultimately she feels intolerably isolated in a foreign land surrounded by annoyingly superficial people who take their freedom for granted. As the years go by, Marji is thrown out of her temporary shelter for insulting a nun, and is driven out into the streets. Marji continues to go from house to house, until ending up in a house of Frau Dr. Schloss, a retired philosophy teacher. One night, her grandmother\'s voice about staying true to herself resonates within her when she leaves a party after lying about her nationality, telling an acquaintance that she was French. Her shame culminates in a passionate love affair with Markus, a debonair native, which tragically ends on her eighteenth birthday when she discovers him cheating on her. Also, her previous lover reveals himself to be homosexual after a bad sexual experience with Marji. Marji falls apart over her breakup, and when she is accused of stealing Frau Dr. Schloss\'s brooch, Marji gets fed up and angrily leaves. She spends the day on a park bench, and reflects upon how cruel Markus was to her. She soon discovers that she has nowhere to go and ends up living on the street for a few months. Eventually, she becomes so ill that she contracts bronchitis, and almost ends up dying. Marji recovers in a Vienna hospital, and returns to Iran in 1987, with her family\'s permission and hopes that the conclusion of the war would mean an improved life there. After whiling away her time in front of television for days on end, doing nothing to advance her life, Marji falls into a clinical depression over the state of affairs in Iran and the misery that has nearly ruined her family. It is not clearly explained in the movie, but she attempts suicide by overdosing on her medication. She gets into bed and closes her eyes before she enters a dream where God and the spirit of Karl Marx appear to remind her of what is important and encourage her to go on with living. She bounces back with renewed determination and begins enjoying life again: she attends university classes, goes to parties, and even enters into a relationship with a fellow student, Reza. With the recent death of Khomeini, Marji notices that things have gradually worsened. She discovers that Iranian society is more tyrannized than ever, with numerous atrocities occurring. With Ali Khamenei now controlling the society, mass executions for political beliefs and petty religious absurdities and hypocrisies have become common in everyday life, much to Marji\'s dismay; for instance, she and her boyfriend are caught holding hands and their parents forced to pay a fine. While this makes living as both a student and a woman intolerable, Marji manages to hold on to her rebellious attitude. However, she starts resorting to personal survival tactics to protect herself, such as falsely accusing a man of making a pass at her to avoid being arrested for wearing make up and marrying her boyfriend to avoid scrutiny by the religious police. Her grandmother, disappointed by Marji\'s behaviour, berates Marji, and tells her that both her grandfather and her uncle died supporting freedom and innocent people, and that she never forsake them or her family by succumbing to the repressive environment of Iran. Marji, realizing her mistake, does what she can to fix it, and her grandmother is pleased upon hearing that Marji openly confronted the blatant sexist double standard in her university\'s forum on public morality. By 1994, her marriage is falling apart and things come to an end when the police raid a party, resulting in a friend being killed trying to escape. After these incidents and her subsequent divorce from Reza, the family decides that Marji should leave the country permanently to avoid being targeted by the Iranian authorities as a political dissident. Marji\'s mother then forbids Marji from coming back, to which Marji reluctantly agrees. Her grandmother was never to be seen again by Marji, and she dies soon after her departure. Marji is shown collecting her luggage and getting into a taxi. As the taxi pulls away from the south terminal of Paris-Orly Airport, the narrative cuts back to the present day. When the driver asks Marji where she is from, she replies "Iran", showing that she\'s kept the promise she made to Anoush and her grandmother years ago that she would remember where she came from and that she would always stay true to herself. The screen fades to black as she recalls her final memory of her grandmother telling her how she placed jasmine in her brassiere to allow her to smell lovely every day.'] ['The film begins by tracing Poe\'s ancestral heritage before Poe himself is born. After the loss of his parents, Poe is taken in by the John and Francis Allan in Richmond, Virginia. The film then jumps ahead about 15 years to Poe\'s time at the University of Virginia. Due to debts from playing cards and a growing interest in wine, Poe begins to have difficulties. He hallucinates that he has killed a man in a pistol duel. Poe meets Virginia and they spend a day together, riding a horse and sitting "beside the glassy pool of romance." He tells her a fairy tale, a raven perching on Poe\'s shoulder as he finishes the story, before they go on a walk together. Upon seeing a black slave  being whipped, he buys the slave with an "I.O.U." for $600.00. The slave\'s former owner then goes to John Allan to collect the debt. Allan calls Poe a "scoundrel" for causing so many bills. After having a drink with his "chum" Tony, Poe goes to visit Virginia. Tony follows shortly after and the two compete for Virginia\'s affection. Later, Virginia says she will choose the man who guesses which hand holds a wreath behind her back. Poe allows Tony to go first and, though he guesses correctly, Virginia secretly switches the wreath to the other hand so that Poe can win. Shortly after, in front of Tony and Virginia, Allan questions Poe\'s spending habits. Allan causes quite a scene, despite his wife\'s attempts to calm him. Poe is asked to leave the Allan family but Virginia offers to come along. Poe\'s recently-purchased slave comes along as well. Poe has an alcohol-induced hallucination that recreates his poem  "The Raven". As Poe sits alone, he hears a tapping at the chamber door. The door knocker moves on its own and Poe thinks he sees the outline of a large, black bird. As Poe stumbles outside, the word "wine" appearing on a rock he braces himself against, he sees a ghost. As he reaches for another sip of wine, a human skull appears in place of the glass. Finally, a raven makes its way into the room, repeating the word "Nevermore" as Poe attempts to talk to it. Poe, in Fordham, New York, is in "dire poverty" along with Virginia and her mother Maria. Virginia has a terrible coughing fit, a sign of her tuberculosis. Poe, desperate for money, unsuccessfully attempts to sell some of his work to George Rex Graham. Virginia, bothered by the cold winter weather, is kept warm by Poe\'s old coat from his time at West Point and from their pet black cat. She dies the next day, causing Poe great grief. Sarah Helen Whitman is introduced at the end of the film, assisting an elderly couple. She and Poe, however, do not cross paths.'] ["Englar Alheimsins, which has often been called an Icelandic One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, is the story of an Icelandic man named Páll . After his girlfriend leaves him he's slowly turning into a state of madness and depression. His parents decide to send him to a mental hospital where he meets Óli , who believes he's the songwriter for The Beatles, Viktor , who signs cheques with the signature of Adolf Hitler and other special characters. The movie depicts his struggle, in and out of the mental hospital."] ['Sonora Webster is a stubborn orphan who lives with her aunt during the Depression. She has a love of horses, and one day before school, loses a bet that hers can jump a fence. It breaks and the cows get out, forcing her to be late. After she is given detention, her aunt tells her that because of her behavior and the family\'s financial difficulties, she is going to be put into an orphanage. Instead, she slips out of the house during the night. Sonora ends up at a county fair and sees Marie perform as a diving girl. A diving girl jumps onto a horse as it runs up a steep platform just before it leaps off into a pool of water. She then informs Doc Carver that she is his new diving girl. He informs her that she is too young, her body isn\'t developed enough, and tells her she should go back home. She stubbornly twists her arms and legs around a chair to show him she won\'t leave until he gives her the job. Instead, he just places her and the chair outside of his tent. Ending up in the stable with the horses, Doc sees how talented Sonora is with them and decides to give her a job as a stablehand. She then begins traveling with them, bonding with his son Al and even Doc himself. Al wins a wild horse in a game of cards, and he says that if she can tame it, he believes his father will give her a chance to train as a diving girl. She surprises him one day by riding up on it and he promises she can train to be a diving girl if she can mount it while it\'s moving. After multiple attempts, she finally succeeds and Doc keeps his promise, much to the chagrin of Marie. She and the wild horse, Lightning, develop a special bond which proves important later in the film. One day, Marie falls and dislocates her shoulder, leaving her unable to perform. Thus, Sonora becomes the diving girl, even though the swimsuits don\'t fit her. Although she has never actually dived with Lightning into the pool of water, Sonora is successful at her first jump. Marie is so jealous that she makes unreasonable demands of Doc to ensure her stardom status, and after he refuses them, she quits the show rather than share billing with Sonora. Al and his father have always had a difficult relationship, which isn\'t helped by his burgeoning romance with Sonora, and one day he leaves after having a particularly bad fight with him. He and Sonora have almost shared their first kiss, and he promises to write her. Again, he keeps his promise, but Doc, protective of Sonora, hides Al\'s letters from her. Doc and the new stablehand Clifford  leave the farm in search of work, and that night Lightning falls ill. Sonora spends the night worrying over him and is awakened by Al, who has returned and discovers that Lightning ate some moldy hay and has developed colic. Al and Sonora work together to heal Lightning and are walking him when Doc and Clifford return with the news there is no more work to be had and announcing that the show is over. Al asks Sonora why she never wrote him, and she tells him that she never received any letters from him. Both confused over the missing letters. It is then learned that Al arranged a six month contract with the Steel Pier in Atlantic City to perform the show and it\'s come through. The good news seems to patch up old differences between Doc and Al. Just as everyone seems to be getting along, Doc passes away en route to Atlantic City, apparently from a heart attack. Al takes over his father\'s role as a show presenter. On Al\'s first day, he is extremely nervous, so Sonora finds Doc\'s famous fringed jacket to give Al confidence. In it she also finds one of Al\'s old letters, confessing his love for her. When Sonora finds Al, she lets him know she feels the same. Meanwhile, Clifford has acquired a rusted-out motorcycle from a friend in Atlantic City and plans to refurbish it to working status; Sonora is unimpressed and laughs at the notion. Al and Sonora perform at Atlantic City in front of their largest audience. Everyone is nervous and excited. As she is climbing the ladder, he proposes to her. She accepts and gets ready to do the jump. The horse, a jittery stallion who is not her usual partner Lightning, is anxious because of all the noise from the band and the crowd, and just before the jump a cymbal crashes loudly, which causes him to falter and trip. Sonora keeps her eyes open as they fall into the water. Both of them make it, but her vision is impaired, yet she hides this from Al and won\'t seek medical attention for the condition. The next day when she wakes up, Sonora discovers she can\'t see. The doctor diagnoses detached retinas in both her eyes due to uncontrolled hemorrhaging behind them  and tells her the condition is permanent and she will be blind for the rest of her life. In order to avoid a breach of contract lawsuit, Al must find another diving girl within a week, and calls Marie, who returns to be it. Clifford has been working on his "new" motorcycle and gets it back in working condition. He demonstrates his new act for a small crowd including Al and Sonora—it is an enormous metal ball in which he rides around inside on the motorcycle, doing loop after loop. The crowd is amazed and he is pleased with his new "death-defying" act. Meanwhile, Sonora misses diving terribly, and feels utterly helpless and like a burden to Al. She tells him of her desires to dive again, and indicates her unique bond with Lightning as evidence that she could do it again as she knows him so well. She and Al work together to try to train her to mount him again, much the same way she and Doc once worked together earlier to train her to do so in motion. She is stubborn and refuses to give up, but Al forces her to accept the fact that it is impossible. She spends some quiet time with Lightning that night. The next day, with the help of Clifford, Marie is locked in her dressing room, and Sonora climbs the platform. Though Al is scared for her and shouts at her to come back down, the crowd doesn\'t know she\'s blind, and she uses her other senses to have a very successful jump. She is again the diving girl, and her voiceover tells us that she continued diving for 11 more years. She and Al get married and live happily ever after.'] ["{{Plot}} The film begins in Alexandria with Cleopatra VII, Egypt's rightful Queen, in exile, while her sister Arsinoe and younger brother, Ptolemy have stolen the throne. Roman soldier Julius Caesar comes to collect Egypt's tax debt and take it with him. After conversing with a courtesan, Cleopatra smuggles herself into the palace wrapped in a carpet; a gift from her to Caesar. He accepts the gift and the twenty-year-old queen is revealed to the 52-year-old man. The two spend the night together, and the next morning, Cleopatra and twelve-year-old Ptolemy are betrothed to marry by Caesar. Shortly after the siblings are wed, Cleopatra is proclaimed Queen of Egypt, forcing Ptolemy to join forces with Arsinoe and drive their sister out of Alexandria. A war breaks out between the Romans and Ptolemy's Egyptian forces, and in the process, Alexandria's great library is burned to the ground. Even with this loss, Cleopatra soon celebrates the return of her Roman lover, and the capture of her traitor sister, Arsinoe. The two take a 2-month journey down the Nile aboard one of the Queen's elegant ships. Upon their return, Caesar breaks the news that he must leave for Rome. Unbeknownst to him, Caesar leaves Cleopatra pregnant with his child. A son is born to the queen roughly nine months later; he is named Ptolemy Caesar, in honor of his father. Back in Rome, believing that he should hold the same status as his Egyptian lover, Caesar demands he be declared King of Rome. Although they are hesitant to do so, the senate eventually grants Caesar's request. Now having been declared king, Caesar invites Cleopatra to stay at one of his villas, just outside Rome. With her, she brings the couple's infant son, whom the Egyptian people call 'Caesarion', meaning 'Little Caesar'. In front of his people , Cleopatra declares that Caesar is her son's father, publicly forcing his hand, and demanding that her son be allowed to rule both Egypt and Rome invoking the consternation of Brutus and Cassius. Although he accepts Caesarion as his child, Caesar denies the queen's request, explaining that Egypt is only free from Rome because he wishes it to be. Just before her return to Egypt, Cleopatra soon learns that Caesar has been assassinated at the hands of Brutus, Cassius and other senators. The burdens of ruling fall on the shoulders of Caesar's Roman heir and grandnephew, Octavian; a teenage boy who hates Cleopatra. With his ascendancy, Octavian has Brutus killed while Cassius kills himself. Octavian also plans to rid himself of his rival, Cleopatra's baby boy, Caesarion, who, as Caesar's only child, threatens his reign. Renaming himself Caesar Augustus, Octavian sends soldiers to Egypt to find and kill Caesar's son. In the meantime, Caesar's boyhood friend and cousin, Marc Antony is sent to Alexandria to protect Caesarion and Queen Cleopatra. In spending time with together, Antony and Cleopatra fall in love. Although they wish to marry, Antony reveals that he wed Octavian's sister, the submissive Octavia, in order to strengthen his alliance and co-ruling with the new emperor. Defying his Roman beliefs against polygamy, Antony marries Cleopatra in Antioch, claiming that her son, Caesarion, is heir to not only Egypt, but also Rome. Upon hearing of Antony's claim, Octavian wages war against the two lovers, trapping Cleopatra in her own city. Threatening suicide if Octavian does not let her son go, Cleopatra learns that she has lost Antony, killed in battle against Octavian's army. Octavian arrives in Egypt, demanding that Cleopatra join him in Rome as his prisoner. She refuses and demands that her son be allowed to rule Egypt. Octavian does not agree to this, but allows Antony to have an Egyptian burial. After sending her children to India, Cleopatra's plan goes through, as she has a basket of figs brought to her heavily guarded tomb. There, she lets the asp bite her, and dies shortly after. Her handmaidens quickly follow their queen's example. Octavian's men break through the doors, only to discover that the queen is dead. After they discover that Cleopatra is dead, Octavian then takes over Egypt about two years later after Cleopatra death."] [' Calamity Jane  rides into Deadwood, South Dakota on the stagecoach. The local saloon bar, the Golden Garter, sends for beautiful women to appear on the stage and entertain the residents of a town with few females. Unfortunately, the men are anything but pleased when the latest "woman" turns out to be a man named Francis Fryer ([[Dick Wesson , who does a stage act in drag  and goes under the name Frances Fryer. The saloon owner was misled by the girlish-sounding name when reading an advertisement in the newspaper. The men begin to storm out. Calamity, thinking quick in all the panic, vows to get them the one woman they are all drooling over: singer Adelaid Adams , who is in Chicago. The Golden Garter receives a letter from Adams that she wouldn\'t be seen dead in that town but Calamity is still determined to bring her. Wild Bill Hickok  laughs at the idea and tells Calamity that the night Adams steps on the stage, he will come to the opening dressed as a Sioux squaw lugging a papoose. Calamity travels to Chicago, where Adams is giving a farewell performance {she was on her way to Europe directly after the performance} Adelaid, sick of the \'primitive\' Chicago, gives her costumes to her maid, Katie Brown , who dreams of becoming a stage singer. She tries on one of the dresses and starts to sing. When Calamity walks in, she mistakes Katie for Adelaid. Katie takes advantage of the error and poses as Adelaid Adams to make her dream come true. The ride back to Deadwood is rocky, as they are chased by Indians. Later, when Katie gives her first performance, Calamity says she didn\'t sound that way in Chicago. When Calamity tells Katie to sing out, she bursts into tears and admits that she is not Adelaid Adams. The Golden Garter falls silent. Everyone present is on the verge of rioting, but Calamity fires a shot into the air and defends Katie. They allow Katie to carry on, and her performance wins them over. On the balcony above, Bill Hickok, dressed as an Indian woman, ropes Calamity and hangs her high and dry. Calamity and Katie become good friends, and Katie moves into Calamity\'s cabin with her. At first the cabin is shabby and in disrepair but Katie suggests they fix it up with the help of a "Woman\'s Touch". In order to attract Lieutenant Danny Gilmartin , the man she\'s madly in love with, Calamity dresses, looks and acts more like a lady. One day, Danny and Wild Bill Hickok  pay a visit to Calamity\'s cabin. Katie manages to lure Bill out of the cabin for a few minutes; while alone with Danny, she tells him straight out that Calamity loves him and that she, Katie is trying to stay away from him in return for her appreciation of Calamity\'s friendliness. However, Danny tells Katie he is not interested in Calamity. Later, Katie tells the two men that Calamity has changed and had a makeover proving she will be accepted at a local ball the following weekend. They draw straws and Danny wins, meaning he\'ll go with Katie. Now looking more like a lady, Calamity pretends to be fine with the arrangement but is stung when Danny gives her a soft kiss on the forehead. On the way to the ball, all the attendants riding in their wagons sing about the beauty of the Black Hills of South Dakota. Calamity becomes increasingly jealous while watching Katie and Danny dance together. They adjourn to the garden where, as Danny holds her and moves in for a kiss, Katie can no longer resist him. Betrayed, Calamity fires a gunshot near Katie\'s location in the ballroom and everybody looks at her in horror. Back at the cabin, Calamity throws out Katie\'s things and threatens to shoot her if she ever sees her again, but the scene ends with Calamity in floods of tears. Calamity later confronts Katie while she is performing, and warns her to get out of town. But Katie is not intimidated. She borrows a gun from one of the cowboys, and tells Calamity to hold up her glass. Taunting her about being too afraid, she boldly holds it up. A gunshot finally rings out, and the glass falls from Calamity\'s hand, but it wasn\'t Katie who fired; it was Bill, who lets Katie take all the credit. Humiliated, Calamity storms out. But before she can mount her horse, Bill grabs her, throws her onto his horse-drawn cart and rides off. In the woods, Bill tries to talk some sense into Calamity, and reveals that he shot the glass out of her hand to teach her a lesson and that scaring Katie out of town would not stop Danny from loving her. Calamity is heartbroken, and reveals she was crazy about Danny , while Bill admits that he was in love with Katie. Calamity tells Bill there won\'t be another man like Danny, not for her, however she and Bill end up in a passionate embrace and kiss, and she realizes it was he she loved all along. And when Bill asks her what happened to that lieutenant she was telling him about, she answers "I\'ve never heard of him." The sun rises on a new day where a much happier Calamity sings "Secret Love" before she rides into town, but when she talks to the people, they just ignore her. She finds that Katie decided alone to leave for Chicago, feeling guilty about betraying her best friend. Danny is furious with Calamity for driving Katie out of town and demands she listen to him read a note Katie left. Calamity leaps back onto her horse and chases after the stagecoach, eventually catching up with it. She tells Katie she isn\'t in love with Danny and is marrying Bill, and the two women become friends again. A double wedding follows. When Bill finds Calamity\'s gun under her wedding dress, she jokes it\'s just in case any more actresses roll in from Chicago. The movie ends with the two happy couples riding out of town on the stage.For music, lyrics and libretto of subsequent stage play and musical adapted after the Warner Bros Film, also see: Vocal score- "Calamity Jane " Amateur Operatic Version Warner Chappell Music Ltd copyright 2006 by Faber Music Ltd . Libretto- "Calamity Jane A Musical Western" adapted by Ronald Hanmer & Phil Park from the stage play by Charles K. Freeman after the Warner Bros Film written by James O\'Hanlon. Licensed to Josef Weinberger Ltd, London by arrangement with Tams-Witmark Music Library NYC.'] [' The story begins as George Sand quits her marital home and arrives in Paris with her two children. Meanwhile the young poet and dandy Alfred de Musset is busy making a name for himself both as a womaniser and a talented poet and critic. Sand and Musset first meet at a literary dinner and quickly recognise in each other a like minded love of literature. At first their relationship remains platonic, but soon the pair embark on a tumultuous affair that will lead them to Venice and the creation of their finest works of literature.'] ["Since getting divorced, Baroness Amantine-Lucile-Aurore Dupin, previously Baroness Dudevant, the successful and notorious writer of sensational romance novels now living under the pseudonym George Sand, in Paris, has been in the habit of dressing like a man. In her romantic pursuit of the sensitive Chopin, whose music she fell in love with before seeing him in person, George/Aurora is advised that she must act like a man pursuing a woman, though she is also advised to avoid damaging his health by not pursuing him at all. With this advice Sand is deterred by a fellow countrywoman who pretends to be smitten with Chopin, the mistress of Franz Liszt, the Countess Marie d'Agoult. Whether the Countess is really in love with Chopin is unlikely; she seeks only to prevent a relationship between Chopin and Sand. Sand meets Chopin in the French countryside at the house of the Duchess d'Antan, a foolish aspiring socialite who invites artists from Paris to her salon in order to feel cosmopolitan. Sand invites herself, not knowing that several of her former lovers are also in attendance. A small play is written by Alfred de Musset satirizing the aristocracy, Chopin protests at his lack of manners, de Musset bellows and a fireplace explosion ensues. Chopin is briefly swayed by a beautifully written love letter ostensibly from d'Agoult, a letter actually written by, and stolen from, Sand. Eventually Sand wins over Chopin when she proves that she wrote the letter, reciting its words to him passionately, and giving him a copy of her memoir in which the text of the letter appears. Chopin is then challenged to a duel by one of Sand's ex-lovers. He faints during the face-off. Sand finishes the duel for him and nurses him back to health in the countryside, solidifying their relationship. Near the end of the movie, Sand and Chopin dedicate a volume of music to the countess, although this only suggests that she has had an affair with Chopin, causing a falling-out with her lover Liszt. Sand and Chopin depart for Majorca, relieved to escape the competitive nature of artistic alliances and jealousies in Paris."] ['The film begins at an outpost with Tweed expecting to leave Guam to go back to mainland America. His replacement, Roy, arrives along with Vicente, a local. Shortly after the bombing of Pearl Harbor, the Japanese launch an air attack on Guam, and the resulting chaos kills both Vicente and Chief Schultz. The five remaining men run for the hills. Meanwhile, the Japanese have attained medical documents from the American prisoners and have discovered that five men are missing. The five escape an oncoming Japanese patrol with the help of a local man and his son. However, their escape is short lived. While crossing a swamp, Roy loses a shoe and then steps on a scorpion. While not killing him, the toxins made him too weak to walk, forcing the men to stay put. As another Japanese patrol comes, the men decide to hide Roy with some brush, and Tweed gives him a pistol, promising him that he\'ll "be back for the gun." However, rather than running away, Turney decides to try to convince Roy to surrender with him, saying that the Japanese will take care of Roy\'s foot and that no harm can come to them because they will be prisoners of war. Turney uses his white shirt to signal to the Japanese his surrender. However, he is promptly killed. Panicking, Roy kills a Japanese soldier with the pistol, but he is shortly thereafter killed by a grenade. The three remaining men then stumble upon a copra plantation, where they meet Sus Quintagua, who promises to take them to his boss Santos, saying that he will know where they could hide. However, a plan to smuggle the Americans past the Japanese goes wrong when Chico is shot and killed by a stray shot by a drunken Japanese officer into one of the carts. The officer lets the rest of the copra convoy go without searching in exchange for Quintagua\'s bottle of coconut wine. Quintagua reveals that he has hidden an old radio, and the two Americans try to fix it. However, the battery goes out, and so, without Tweed knowing, Quintagua and Sonnenberg travel back to their abandoned jeep to get its battery. The Japanese then arrive at the village where Tweed is hiding. Tweed takes the radio with him, and Quintagua\'s wife shows him the way away from the village. They come upon the bound and beheaded bodies of Sonnenberg and Quintagua. Tweed then makes it to a leprosy hospital, where he is taken care of by a priest and his assistant. Tweed is told that the Japanese would not dare come there, so he will be completely safe there. The hospital even has a functioning radio, and Tweed decides to use a typewriter to write what he hears on the radio onto a makeshift newspaper called the Guam Eagle, which is secretly passed among the locals. However, the plan goes awry when the newspaper, meant to be read and then burned, incites the locals to rebel against the Japanese. The Japanese learn of the Guam Eagle. Shimoda reads one of the papers, and quickly sniffs out medicine, leading them to believe that Tweed is hiding in the leprosy hospital. The Japanese arrive at the hospital, gathering up all of the villagers. Tweed hides with the lepers in the isolation ward, as the Japanese soldiers were too horrified by the patients to look for him in there. However, a small fire is accidentally kicked into a house, causing it to catch on fire. Despite the people\'s efforts to put it out, the hospital is burned down. The priest is suspected of being the one who distributed the newspaper, and is taken away to be questioned. Tweed then awakes to find the priest\'s assistant and a man named Antonio Cruz. Fearful for his family\'s life because the Japanese have declared anyone found helping Tweed will be executed, Antonio hides Tweed on top of a large formidable rock face with a cave on the top. Antonio promises to bring supplies every now and then. Tweed then meets Antonio\'s beautiful daughter Jospehina, or "Joe," who brings supplies in her father\'s stead. A nearby Japanese patrol is alerted to their position by an alarm clock that Joe brought with her. However, Tweed converts the alarm clock into an alarm that signals if anyone has found his location. The Japanese then pass another declaration stating that after one month, a farm in each district will be burned down if Tweed is not surrendered, dead or alive. Tweed, overcome with guilt, decides to turn himself in, but is stopped by the assistant and Antonio. The two men take Tweed\'s dog-tags, stating that they will "give him dead." Under the cover of night, the locals take the body of the recently deceased Shimoda and take it to the sea, where the flesh is eaten by crabs, leaving only a skeleton with Tweed\'s dog-tags on it. Antonio\'s family comes to celebrate Christmas with Tweed, and Antonio reveals that the Japanese have left Guam, save a few in Agana. Tweed is then surprised by a visit from the newly released priest and his assistant. However, they soon discover that the Japanese military is building up its forces and preparing for an attack by the US. Tweed discovers a Japanese gun position and, using a mirror, manages to warn an American ship away from the Japanese cannons. Tweed asks Joe not to come back because he fears it is too dangerous. The two share a passionate embrace and reluctantly part. Later that night, the American ship signals back to Tweed, but it alerts the Japanese to his position. Tweed signals that he has vital information. Tweed manages to rendezvous with the ship; his Japanese pursuers are killed. After the battle ends with an American victory, Tweed re-unites with Antonio and his family, hugging Joe on top of the rock where Tweed hid.'] ["During Spring, a family of nomadic shepherds assists the births of their camel herd. The last camel to calve this season has a protracted labor that persists for two days. With the assistance and intervention of the family, a rare white calf is born. This is the mother camel's first calving. Despite the efforts of the shepherds, the mother rejects the newborn, refusing it her milk and failing to establish a care-bond with it. To restore harmony between the mother and calf, the nomadic family call upon the services of group of lamas who perform a ritual with bread or dough 'effigies'  of the mother, the calf and the individual members of the family. The rite opens with the sound of a sacred conchshell horn followed by bells in the hands of lamas, some of whom wield vajra. The rite takes place with members of the extended nomadic community and a number of lama at a sacred place that consists of one end of a log, or wooden pole, set in the earth, with the other end raised to the sky: a stylized 'victory banner'  with a piece of blue fabric entwined around it, functioning as a prayer flag . The log is supported by a cairn of rocks at its base as foundation. The ritual, however, does not re-establish harmony between the mother and calf. The family then resolve to secure the services of an indigenous 'violinist' to play the music for a Mongolian 'Hoos' ritual. They send their two young boys on a journey through the desert to the community marketplace to locate a musician. The 'violinist' —who plays more precisely a morin khuur — is summoned to the camp and a ritual of folk music and chanting is enacted. The musician first drapes the morin khuur on the first hump of the camel to establish a sympathetic magical linkage between the mother and the state of harmony represented by the instrument. Once this is done he removes the instrument and commences playing. As the musician sounds the Mongolian 'violin', the female family member who lulled her child to sleep with a lullaby earlier in the documentary, repeatedly intones the calming sounds and beautiful melody of the 'hoos'. At this point, the mother camel starts to weep, tears visibly streaming from her eyes. Immediately after the rite the mother and calf are reconciled and the calf draws milk from her teat."] ["Heidi Fleiss , the daughter of a prominent Los Angeles doctor, becomes a prostitute for well-known Los Angeles madame Alex . She soon takes over her boss' operation and begins raking in $300,000 a month by hiring only the most beautiful and high-class prostitutes and catering to wealthy Hollywood types, Europeans, Arab sheiks, and American corporate executives. Her operation is broken up by Los Angeles police in 1993 and she is eventually sent to prison for income tax evasion."] ["The film follows the meandering  adventures of the poet and drunk, Charles Serking, laying bare the sleaze of life in the less reputable neighborhoods of Los Angeles. Serking's life takes a turn for the better when he meets Cass, a young hooker with self destructive habits. They have a stormy relationship. When Serking gets an offer from a major publishing house, Cass tries to stop him from leaving, but fails. Serking gives in to the temptation of the big bucks, but soon realises his mistake and returns to LA only to find that Cass has killed herself in his absence. Devastated he hits the bottle in a nightmarish drinking bout, but finally reaches catharsis and returns to the seaside guesthouse where he spent his happiest moments with Cass. Here he rekindles his poetry with the aid of a young admirer in one of Ferreri's trademark beach scenes."] ['Journey of Waris Dirie  from a nomadic pastoralist background in Somalia to a new life and career in the West as a fashion model and activist against female circumcision.'] ['The film traces the reasons of the murder of Dayton, Ohio, native Dorothy Mae Stang, a 73-year-old nun of the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur order who fought for the preservation of the Amazon Rainforest in the Brazilian state of Pará. It also follows the trial of those convicted for murdering Stang.'] ['Helen Leonard  has a beautiful voice. As she grows up, she trains to become an opera singer. Her instructor, however, informs her that her voice is pleasing, but not suitable for grand opera. Returning home one day, she and her grandmother  are saved by a handsome young man, Alexander Moore . Meanwhile, Helen\'s mother, Cynthia , has political aspirations, but only receives a handful of votes for mayor. While singing one evening, Helen is overheard by Tony Pastor  who hires her to sing at his theater. She is given a new name, Lillian Russell, and quickly rises to fame as the toast of New York. As the years pass, Lillian becomes one of the most revered star in America. She has many suitors, including Diamond Jim Brady , Jesse Lewisohn , and Edward Solomon . She eventually marries Edward and they move to London, where Gilbert and Sullivan are writing an operetta especially for her. Alexander Moore returns and makes a contract with Lillian to write stories about her rise to fame. But tragedy soon strikes when Edward dies one evening while composing a song for her. Lillian cancels the interviews and makes an appearance in the show, singing the song her husband composed for her, "Blue Lovebird". Lillian returns to America and is, by this time, the greatest stage attraction of the century. Alexander returns once more to see Lillian after a new show and the two are happily reunited.'] [':Note: The following synopsis refers to the original, 205&nbsp;minute version of the film. Andrei Rublev is divided into seven chapters and a prologue and an epilogue only loosely related to the main film. The main film charts the life of the great icon painter through several episodes of his life. The background is 15th century Russia, a turbulent period characterized by fighting between rival princes and the Tatar invasions. The film\'s prologue shows the preparations for a hot air balloon ride. The balloon takes off from the roof of a church, with a man named Yefim  roped beneath the balloon, at the very moment of arrival of an ignorant mob trying to thwart the flight. The man is highly delighted by the sight from the air, but can not prevent a crash landing. Yefim is the first of several creative characters, representing the daring escapist, whose hopes are easily crushed. After the crash, a horse is seen lolling by a pond, a symbol of life &mdash; one of many horses in the movie. The Jester, Summer 1400: Andrei , Danil  and Kirill  are wandering monks, looking for work. The three represent different creative characters. Andrei is the observer, a humanistic artist who searches for the good in people and wants to inspire and not frighten. Danil is withdrawn and resigned, and not as bent on creativity as on self-realization. Kirill lacks talent, yet strives to achieve prominence. He is jealous, self-righteous, very intelligent and perceptive. The three have just left the Andronikov Monastery, where they have lived many years, heading to Moscow. During a heavy rain they seek shelter in a barn, where a group of villagers is being entertained by a jester . The jester, or skomorokh, is a bitterly sarcastic enemy of the state and the Church, who is earning a living with his scathing and obscene social commentary and by making fun of the Boyars. He ridicules the monks as they come in, and after some time Kirill leaves unnoticed. Shortly, the skomorokh is picked up by a group of soldiers, knocked out headfirst against a tree and taken away. Theophanes the Greek, Summer-Winter-Spring-Summer 1405–1406: Kirill arrives at the Theophanes the Greek\'s workshop, where Theophanes the Greek , a prominent and well-recognized master, is working on another of his icons. Theophanes the Greek is portrayed as a complex character: an established artist, humanistic and God-fearing in his views yet somewhat cynical, regarding his art more as a craft and a chore in his disillusion with other people. His young apprentices have all run away to the town square, where a convicted criminal is about to be tortured and executed in public. Kirill talks to Theophanes, and the artist, impressed by his erudition, invites him to work as an apprentice on the decoration of Cathedral of the Annunciation in Moscow. Kirill refuses at first, but then accepts the offer on the only condition that Theophanes will personally come to the Andronikov Monastery and invite Kirill to work with him in view of all the fraternity and Andrei Rublev. The three monks are back at the Andronikov Monastery. Theophanes the Greek sends a messenger to Andrei to ask him for his assistance in decorating Cathedral of the Annunciation. Both Danil and Kirill are agitated by the recognition Andrei experiences. Danil refuses to accompany Andrei and reproaches him for accepting Theophanes\'s offer without considering his fellows, but soon repents of his temper and wishes Andrei well. Kirill is jealous and in great anger, and he leaves the monastery for the secular world, throwing the accusations of greed in the face of the monks. Andrei leaves for Moscow with his young apprentice Foma . Foma is another creative character, representing the light-hearted and practical-minded commercial artist. Still he seems to be contemplative enough to get along with Andrei. The Passion According to Andrei, 1406: While walking in the woods, Andrei and Foma have a conversation about Foma\'s faults, especially lying. While Foma has talent as an artist, he is less concerned with the deeper meaning of his work and more concerned with practical aspects of the job, like perfecting his azure, a colour which in painting was often considered unstable to mix. They encounter Theophanes in the forest, and the old master sends Foma away. As he leaves, the apprentice finds a dead bird and pokes it. We cut to a conversation between Andrei and Theophanes, this time set on a stream bank. Theophanes argues that the ignorance of the Russian people is due to stupidity, while Andrei says that he doesn\'t understand how he can be a painter and maintain such views. "I\'d have taken vows of schema long ago and settled down in a cave for good." This section contains a reenactment of Christ\'s Atonement, which plays as Andrei recounts the story and expresses his faith. The Feast, 1408: During a nightly walk Andrei encounters a group of naked pagans, whose celebration implies sensuality and lust. Andrei feels attracted by the rituals he witnesses. He is caught by the pagans and tied to a cross, and threatened to be drowned in the morning. A woman named Marfa , only dressed with a mantle approaches Andrei. She drops her mantle, kisses and then frees him. The next morning as Andrei leaves a group of soldiers arrives and rounds up the pagans. Marfa escapes by running into the river and swimming past Andrei’s boat. He and his fellow monks look away in shame. The Last Judgment, Summer 1408: Andrei and Danil are working on the decoration of a church in Vladimir. Over months, work is not progressing, as Andrei is doubting himself. He confides to Danil that his task disgusts him and that he is unable to paint a subject such as the Last Judgement, as he doesn’t want to terrify people. He comes to the conclusion that he has lost the ease of mind that an artist needs for his work. He has a flashback during which he remembers his time working for the Grand Prince, who put out the eyes of artisans to prevent them from reproducing their beautiful work for someone else. As the flashback ends, Durochka , a holy fool or Yurodivy, wanders into the church. Her feeble-mindedness and innocence leads Andrei to the idea to paint a feast. The Raid, Autumn 1408: While the Grand Prince is away in Lithuania, the Grand Prince’s brother and a group of Tatars raid Vladimir. The invasion and the resulting carnage is shown in great detail. One famous scene shows a horse falling from a flight of stairs and being stabbed by a spear. Another famous scene shows a cow set on fire. The tatars enter the church. Andrei prevents the rape of Durochka by a Russian by slaying the perpetrator. Shaken by this event Andrei falls into self-doubt and decides to give up painting and takes a vow of silence. The Silence, Winter 1412: Andrei is once again at the Andronikov Monastery. He neither paints nor speaks and keeps Durochka with him. After several years of absence, Kirill shows up at the monastery and asks to be taken in. The father superior allows him to return, but requires him to copy the scriptures fifteen times. One day, Tatars stop at the monastery while traveling through. One of the Tatars takes Durochka away as his eighth wife. The Bell, Spring-Summer-Winter-Spring 1423–1424: Andrei\'s life turns around when he witnesses the casting of a bell for the Grand Prince. As the bellmaker has died, his son Boriska  tells the Prince\'s men that he is the only one who possesses his father\'s secret of casting a bell. Boriska is another creative character. He is aware of his own importance and the difficult task at hand. He is able to create through a combination of natural skill and pure faith. Boriska supervises the digging of the pit, the selection of the clay, the building of the mold, the firing of the furnaces and the hoisting of the bell. During the process the bell-making endeavor grows into a large, costly effort with many workers and Boriska makes several risky decisions, guided by his instinct. At one point, he privately asks God for help. Halfway through the sequence the skomorokh from the first sequence makes a reappearance and threatens to kill Andrei, whom he mistakes for the man who denounced him years earlier. Kirill steps in and intervenes on behalf of the silent Andrei. Later Kirill confesses privately to Andrei that his sinful envy of Andrei\'s talent dissipated once he heard Andrei had abandoned painting and that it was he  who denounced the skomorokh. Kirill then takes Andrei to task for allowing his God-given talent for painting to go fallow and pleads with Andrei to resume his artistry. As the bell-making proceeds toward its end Boriska\'s decisive confidence slowly transforms into a stunned, detached disbelief that he\'s succeeded at the task. The work crew takes over as Boriska makes repeated, nervous attempts to fade into the background of the activity. Once the bell has be hoisted into its bell tower the Grand Prince and his entourage arrive for the inaugural ceremony. As the bell is prepared to be rung the royal entourage is overhead discussing its doubts that the bell will ring. It\'s revealed that Boriska and the work crew know if the bell fails to ring the Grand Prince will have them all beheaded.  There is a quiet, agonizing tension as the foreman slowly coaxes the bell\'s clapper back and forth, nudging it closer to the lip of the bell with each swing. We pan across the assembly and see Durochka, robed in white leading a horse  as she walks through the crowd. At the critical moment the bell rings perfectly and she smiles. After the ceremony Andrei finds Boriska collapsed on the ground, sobbing as he admits his father never told him the secret of casting a bell. Andrei comforts him, breaking his vow of silence and telling the boy that they should go together. "You’ll cast bells. I’ll paint icons." Andrei sees Durochka, the boy and the horse walk off across a muddy field in the distance. The epilogue is the only part of the film in color and shows details of several of Andrei Rublev\'s icons. The icons are shown in the following order: Enthroned Christ, Twelve Apostles, The Annunciation, Twelve Apostles, Jesus entering Jerusalem, Birth of Christ, Enthroned Christ, Transfiguration of Jesus, Resurrection of Lazarus, The Annunciation, Resurrection of Lazarus, Birth of Christ, Trinity, Archangel Michael, Paul the Apostle, The Redeemer. The final scene crossfades from the icons and shows four horses at a river during rain.'] ["The young Lillian and the young Julia, daughter of a wealthy family being brought up by her grandparents in the U.S., enjoy a childhood together and an extremely close relationship in late adolescence. Later, while medical-student/physician Julia  attends Oxford and the University of Vienna and studies with such luminaries as Sigmund Freud, Lillian  suffers through revisions of her play with her mentor and sometime lover, famed author Dashiell Hammett  at a beachhouse. After becoming a celebrated playwright, Lillian is invited to a writers' conference in Russia. Julia, having taken on the battle against Nazism, enlists Lillian en route to smuggle money through Nazi Germany which will assist in the anti-Nazi cause. It is a dangerous mission, especially for a Jewish intellectual on her way to Russia. During a brief meeting with Julia on this trip, Lillian learns that her friend has a child named Lily, living with a baker in Alsace. Shortly after her return to the United States, Lillian is informed of Julia's murder. The details of her death are shrouded in secrecy. Lillian unsuccessfully looks for Julia's daughter in Alsace and also discovers that Julia's family wants nothing to do with the child, if she exists. They even pretend not to remember Lillian, clearly wanting to excise the embarrassment of Julia from their lives."] ['The film begins with Hubert Minel giving a black-and-white monologue explaining how he loves his mother but can’t stand being her son; he also reveals that when he was younger things were better between them. Hubert is a 16-year-old Québécois living in suburban Montreal with his single mother, Chantale, who divorced Hubert\'s father, Richard, when he was younger. Hubert barely sees his father and this adds to the animosity between mother and son. Driving him to school one morning an argument starts about Chantale applying makeup whilst driving, the argument ends when Chantale stops the car and tells him to walk to school. At school Hubert claims to his teacher, Ms Cloutier that his mother is dead. After the teacher finds out that it is a lie, she expresses this lie as "you killed your mother". This inspires Hubert to write an essay for school titled "I killed my mother". Later in the film, Hubert\'s friend Antonin is revealed to be his boyfriend, but Hubert has not told his mother and she finds out from Antonin\'s mother, who thought she knew. Chantale, to some extent, accepts his homosexuality; however she appears hurt that her son didn\'t tell her. Hubert wants to live in his own apartment, and is happy that his mother says it is a good idea, but the next day she has changed her mind and does not allow it, she thinks he is too young. Their relationship continues to deteriorate and Hubert goes to live with his boyfriend. His father Richard invites him over however once there Richard and Chantale tell Hubert they\'ve decided to send him to a boarding school in Coaticook. Hubert is deeply angered that his father makes the decision being as Hubert only see his father at Christmas and Easter. At the Catholic boarding school Hubert meets Eric, with whom he has an affair. Eric invites Hubert to go to a nightclub with the other students, where they kiss and Hubert takes speed. He takes the Metro home, wakes his mother, and has an emotional conversation with her. The next morning, she sends Hubert back to the boarding school. Back at school, Hubert is beaten by two fellow students. Hubert runs away with the help of Antonin who has borrowed his mother\'s car. On the journey Antonin tells Hubert that he is selfish and only cares about himself. The school\'s principal calls Chantale to inform her of the developments as well revealing the note Hubert left; saying he will be "In his kingdom". The principal also begins to lecture Chantale which causes her to have an angry outburst at him, saying how he thinks he\'s better than her and who he has no right to judge a single mother. Chantale knows exactly where Hubert\'s "kingdom" is; the house he lived as a child with both his parents and indeed Hubert and Antonin are there. Chantale sits next Hubert overlooking the beach. The film ends with a home movie clip of Hubert as a child playing with his mother.'] ['Carl Brashear  decides to leave his lifestyle in native Kentucky in 1948 and the life of a sharecropper by way of joining the United States Navy. As a crew member of the salvage ship USS Hoist , where he is assigned to the galley, he is inspired by the bravery of one of the divers, Master Chief Petty Officer Leslie William "Billy" Sunday . He is determined to overcome racism and become the first African American Navy diver, even proclaiming that he will become a Master Diver. He eventually is selected to attend Diving and Salvage School in Bayonne, New Jersey where he arrives as a Boatswain\'s Mate Second Class. He finds that Master Chief Sunday is the Leading Chief Petty Officer and head instructor, who is under orders from the school\'s eccentric, bigoted commanding officer to ensure that Brashear fails. Brashear struggles to overcome his educational shortcomings, a result of his leaving school in the 7th grade in order to help his family\'s failing farm. He receives educational assistance from his future wife, an aspiring doctor, who works part time in the Harlem  Public Library. Brashear proves himself as a diver by rescuing a fellow student whose dive buddy abandoned him during a salvage evaluation that turns into a near disaster. Unfortunately, due to the prevailing racism of the commanding officer , the student who fled in the face of danger is awarded a medal for Brashear\'s heroic actions. Likewise, during an underwater assembling task where each student had to assemble a flange underwater using a bag of tools, Brashear\'s bag is cut open. Brashear finishes the assembly and successfully completes the diving school, earning the quiet and suppressed admiration of Master Chief Sunday and his fellow divers. Master Chief Sunday is later demoted by the commanding officer for standing up for Brashear and allowing him to pass, having since been demoted to Senior Chief. His career begins to wane as he continues to lose his composure around the officers that disrespect his accomplishments, until he is finally demoted to Chief Petty Officer and relegated to menial duties. The paths and careers of both Brashear and Sunday sharply diverge as Brashear rises quickly through the ranks, even becoming a national hero in 1966 Palomares B-52 crash  for recovering a missing atomic bomb and for saving the life of Navy crew, while the latter becomes a brooding alcoholic and is reduced in rank from Master Chief to Chief Petty Officer. The two eventually meet again after Brashear loses his left leg in the atomic bomb incident and must fight the US Navy bureaucracy in order to return to full active duty and fulfill his dream of becoming a master diver. They are successful and Brashear is reinstated. In the epilogue, it is noted that two years later Brashear becomes a master diver. It is added that he does not retire from the Navy for another nine years.'] ['The film dramatises the case of British serial killer John Christie, who committed most or all of his crimes in the titular apartment, and the miscarriage of justice involving Timothy Evans. Christie strangled at least eight women , the first two victims being buried in the back garden of the house during World War II. After Evans moved into the building with his wife Beryl and infant daughter Geraldine in 1949, Christie convinced his new tenants that he could help Beryl terminate her unwanted pregnancy; he then raped and strangled Beryl. He told Evans that she had died accidentally, and that Evans should leave town until the investigation died down. Evans entrusted Christie with his daughter, whom Christie then murdered as well. Police neglected to search the property thoroughly, they missed the bones of the earlier victims visible in the garden. As a result of false confessions, Evans was tried for their murders , and executed in 1950. Christie went on to murder his own wife and three prostitutes at the house before his crimes were detected. He was hanged in 1953. The film relies on the same argument advanced by Kennedy in his book that Evans was innocent of the murders and was framed by Christie. That argument has now been accepted by the Crown, when Evans was officially pardoned by Roy Jenkins in 1966. The case is one of the first major miscarriages of justice known to have occurred in the immediate post-war period.'] ['Based on a feature article written by Sewell, Mad Hot Ballroom looks inside the lives of eleven-year-old New York City public school kids who journey into the world of ballroom dancing and reveal pieces of themselves along the way. Told from the students\' perspectives, the film highlights the cultural diversity that is the soul of New York City as the children strive toward the final citywide competition. The film chronicles the experiences of students at three schools in the neighborhoods of Tribeca, Bensonhurst and Washington Heights. The students are united by a zeal for the ballroom dancing lessons, which builds over a 10-week period and culminates in a competition to find the school that has produced the best dancers in the city. As the teachers cajole their students to learn the intricacies of the various disciplines, Agrelo intersperses classroom footage with the students\' musings on life; many of these reveal an underlying maturity. Gender and race boundaries disappear as focus on the competition consumes the students\' energy, and the teachers are brought to tears as they see their prodigies turning into what one teacher touchingly terms "little ladies and gentlemen."Mad Hot Ballroom Movie Reviews, Pictures - Rotten Tomatoes Mad Hot Ballroom celebrates the intricate lives of these students and reminds audiences of their own childhoods when anything was possible. Living with the complexities of big city life, these kids take on something unfamiliar and rise to the occasion. Filled with emotion and triumph, this documentary feature captures the essence of growing up in America.'] ['Gangster Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel , who works for the New York mob, goes to California and instantly falls in love with Virginia Hill , a Hollywood starlet. The two meet for the first time, when Ben visits his friend, the actor George Raft, on a movie-studio set. He buys a house in Beverly Hills from opera singer Lawrence Tibbett, planning to stay while his wife and two daughters remain in the New York suburb of Scarsdale. As a representative for his associates Meyer Lansky and Charlie Luciano, Siegel is in California to muscle control of betting parlors away from Los Angeles gangster Jack Dragna. Mickey Cohen robs Dragna\'s office one day, and is confronted by Siegel. Dragna claimed losses of $56,000; Cohen admits to robbing $42,000. Siegel theorizes he should be in business with the guy that did the robbery, not the guy that got robbed. Mickey Cohen is put in charge of the betting casinos; Jack Dragna is forced to admit to a raging Ben, that Jack stole $14,000 from the New York Associates, and is told he now answers to Cohen. A humiliated and degraded Jack Dragna leaves the house. "Everybody needs a fresh start," says Ben, to the departing Dragna. A suddenly quiet Ben Siegel returns to the dinner table to eat his cold scampi. After having had an earlier argument about Virginia\'s sexual trysts with drummer Gene Krupa, and a variety of bull fighters, Virginia makes a romantic move on Ben, in the dining room. On a trip to Nevada to visit a dive gambling joint, Siegel comes up with the idea for a casino in the desert. He acquires funding from head mobster Meyer Lansky  and other New York mobsters who approve the deal for $1 million. The funds are approved when the associates make an unannounced visit to Siegel at his Scarsdale, New York Home. Ben is caught in the middle of preparations for his daughter Milllicent\'s birthday celebration. His wife, Esta, is full of marital frustration; Daughter Millicent feels abandoned on her birthday; Associate Meyer Lansky is conflicted between wanting to fund Ben\'s Casino-Hotel and worrying about Ben\'s obsession with wanting to kill Mussolini. Bugsy puts Virginia in charge of accounting and begins construction of the Flamingo Las Vegas Hotel Casino, Las Vegas, Nevada, but has no sense of control and the budget soon rises to $6 million. Bugsy tries everything to ensure it gets made, even selling his share of the casino and most of his belongings. Bugsy returns to the East Coast for the party for Charlie\'s trip to Italy. Charlie says "Congratulations Ben. Virginia will make a great wife. But I hope you know what you\'re doing." Bugsy pummels Joey A. at the party, for a previous insult made regarding Virginia. Bugsy is visited in Los Angeles by former associate Harry Greenberg. Harry has ratted out his old associates to save himself. Harry has also run out of money, from a combination of his gambling habits, and being extorted by the prosecutors who want his testimony. Ben is Harry\'s last and only friend. We don\'t see Ben kill Harry, but there is a gunshot, while Virginia waits in the car. Ben and Esta are out to dinner in a restaurant with their two daughters. Ben suggests that maybe the anticipated move to California is not such a good idea. Esta and Ben have a confrontation in the women\'s restroom, away from earshot of the children. "You want a divorce! Say it!! You want a divorce!" Esta screams in Ben\'s face, slapping him several times. Ben has a guilty look on his face, as he watches their cab drive away from the restaurant. Bugsy is arrested for Harry Greenberg\'s murder. But incarceration is short. The only witness is a cab-driver who dropped off Harry in front of Ben\'s Beverly Hills house. The cab driver is escorted to the train station by Mickey Cohen. Meyer is waiting for Ben outside the jail. Meyer has a satchel of money that he gives to Ben. "Charlie doesn\'t have to know about it," he tells Ben. But he also tells Ben, "I can\'t protect you anymore." Upset about the costs, the fact that the casino is a failure, and that $2 million of the budget is unaccounted for, Meyer Lansky asks Bugsy to meet him in Los Angeles. Bugsy discovers that Virginia stole the money but tells her to "keep it and save it for a rainy day" rather than return it. He then calls Lansky and tells him never to sell his share of the casino and that he\'ll live to thank him someday. While in his home back in L.A. later that night, Bugsy is killed by several gunshots. Virginia is told the news back in Las Vegas and becomes upset, rushing out of the casino. The final text before the credits states that she returned the missing money a week later and committed suicide at some point after that. It also states that by 1991 the $6 million invested in Bugsy\'s dream of Las Vegas had generated revenues of over $100 billion.'] ['Stagecoach robber Bill Miner  is caught and sent to prison for 33 years. He is finally released in 1901. He wanders around, a man out of place in the new century, until he sees one of the first movies, The Great Train Robbery, and is inspired to copy it in real life. After several unsuccessful attempts, he achieves his goal and hides out in a mining town in British Columbia, becoming a respectable resident. There, he meets and falls in love with early feminist and photographer Katherine Flynn . He considers settling down with her, but one last robbery proves to be his downfall.'] ['In Dialogues with Madwomen, filmmakers Allie Light and Irving Saraf have seven "madwomen" — including Light herself — into telling their stories. Using a mixture of home movies, archival footage of psychiatric wards, re-enactments, and interviews with their subjects, Light and Saraf have created a complex, moving portrait of women in whom depression, schizophrenia, and multiple personalities coexist with powerful, sometimes inspired levels of creativity.'] ["An Angel at My Table is a dramatisation of the autobiographies of New Zealand author Janet Frame. Originally produced as a television miniseries, the film, as with Frame's autobiographies, is divided into three sections, with the lead role played by three different actresses who portray Frame at different stages of her life: Karen Fergusson , Alexia Keogh  and Kerry Fox ."] ["Biopicture about Mary Kay Ash, cosmetics queen and business woman. She tells her story of her rise to fame to the inquiring reporter Annika Kern. Her powerful position is threatened by the much younger Jinger Heath. Her BeautiControl company takes an enormous bite in Mary Kay's company. In the middle of their rivalry enters Lexi Wilcox, a slightly off-center beauty.The New York Times review"] ['The story begins with a decrepit, now-alcoholic Lady Hamilton thrown into debtor\'s prison in the slums of Calais, and shows her past life by means of a flashback, as she narrates the story to her skeptical fellow inmates. In one of the early scenes that launches the flashback, Emma, well past her prime, looks into a mirror and remembers "the face I knew before," the face of the young, lovely girl who captured the imagination of artists - most notably George Romney and Joshua Reynolds. Her early life as the mistress of the charming but unreliable Charles Francis Greville leads to her meeting with Sir William Hamilton , British ambassador to Naples. Greville gives Emma to Sir William in exchange for relief on his debts. Despite her shock at his betrayal, Emma comes to respect Sir William, who marries her and explains the reasons for Britain\'s war against Napoleon. When Horatio Nelson arrives in Naples, Emma is soon deeply attracted to him and is impressed by his passionate insistence on resisting Napoleon\'s dictatorial rule. She leaves Sir William to live with Nelson. Their idyllic life together is threatened by the continuing war. Nelson leaves to confront Napoleon\'s navy in the decisive Battle of Trafalgar. After his death in the battle, she says that nothing remained in her life. {| class="wikitable" |- ! Films about Lady Hamilton and Lord Nelson |- |Lady Hamilton , a German silent film directed by Richard Oswald |- |The Divine Lady , a Vitaphone sound film with no dialogue, directed by Frank Lloyd |- |Emma Hamilton , a co-production between Italy, West Germany, France and the United States, directed by Christian-Jacque |}'] ['Klimt\'s life-story unfolds in the artist\'s mind as he lies dying of syphilis in a Viennese hospital where he is visited by his friend, Egon Schiele . Themes within the film include Klimt\'s platonic friendship with Emilie Floege ."People: Malkovich takes lead role in life of Klimt" The Independent 5 January 2005 Much of the film is centred on Klimt\'s relationship with Lea de Castro , a dancer to whom he is introduced by the film pioneer Georges Méliès.{{cite web}}'] ['{{Plot}} Forbidden Lie$ tells the story of Norma Khouri, author of the book Forbidden Love, purportedly the true story of "Dalia", a young Muslim woman in Jordan murdered by her family in an honor killing because of her affair with a Christian soldier. The documentary first depicts Khouri as a woman bravely exposing a brutal and true story. Eventually, her account is challenged, first by Jordanians, then by Malcolm Knox, an Australian journalist. Ironically, Khouri\'s first critics are Jordanian women: feminists who, when interviewed, take issue with her western perspectives of Muslim women as victims with no control over their lives. Khouri\'s descriptions of geography and certain locales in Jordan are wrong. Her statements of restrictions requiring women to wear the hijab and having male escorts when they travel outside the home clash with urban scenes of women walking unescorted and uncovered. Nobody living on the street where Dalia was said to reside remembers such a crime ever happening. Dalia\'s father could not have remained out on bail pending his prosecution because murderers in Jordan are not given bail, nor are they tried in Shariah court. While parts of the Palestine hospital where Khouri says Dalia\'s body had been taken are found to match writeups in the book, others are inaccurate, including her description of the morgue. As the film progresses, it begins to reveal other inconsistencies in Khouri\'s biography, as well as allegations against her unrelated to Forbidden Love, including the theft of hundreds of thousands of dollars in bonds from an elderly woman neighbor in Chicago. Khouri is also found to have lied about her real name, having children and about living in the United States for much of her life, including during the periods of time covered in the book when she claimed to be in Jordan. Stubbornly maintaining her writing to be factual , Khouri journeys with the filmmakers to Jordan to prove Dalia and her murder were real. With Khouri unwilling to disclose specific information about Dalia on camera, the documentary\'s director lets her do so off camera. When Khouri\'s allegations fail to find support in official Jordanian records, she counters with the charge they were altered to protect innocent people from reprisal. Then, after initially saying Dalia was slain in Amman, Khouri is forced to "reveal" that it actually was in Irbid. Khouri also changes when the murder occurred, shifting the events from the 1990s to 2001. This timing proves to be critical because that would mean the killing of Dalia took place after Khouri had already written most of her manuscript. Once Khouri returns from Jordan, not having found any concrete evidence to back up her claims, the focus of the documentary shifts to the allegations against Khouri, especially the ones involving fraud. Khouri shifts blame for stealing from the neighbor to her Greek mother in law and her husband, John Toliopoulos, even as he constantly champions for her throughout the film.  Khouri also claims to have been sexually molested as a child by her father. The film draws to a close with Khouri having admitted no wrongdoing and still living apart from her husband. Closing titles indicate that the FBI continues to investigate allegations against Khouri, and she hopes to become a human rights attorney. The tone of the documentary is largely a skeptical one. Certain events are reenacted while the respective parties weigh their truthfulness, with the event being altered on screen to reflect the differences between Khouri\'s own words and reality.'] ["The movie does not offer a linear interpretation of the life of Eva Perón. Instead, it focuses on the political disputes during the last year of Eva's life. These disputes involved Women's suffrage in Argentina, failed coup attempts against the Peronist government, and Eva's failed bid for the vicepresidency. The movie concludes with Eva's death in the year of 1952."] ['In the Shadow of the Moon follows the manned missions to the Moon made by the United States in the late 1960s and early 1970s. The documentary reviews both the footage and media available to the public at the time of the missions, as well as NASA films and materials which had not been opened in over 30 years. All of this has been sourced and remastered in HD by the stock footage company Footagevault. Augmenting the archival audio and video are contemporary interviews with some surviving Apollo era astronauts, including Al Bean, Michael Collins, Buzz Aldrin, John Young, David Scott, Charlie Duke, Eugene Cernan and Harrison Schmitt. The former astronauts have the only speaking roles in the movie, although occasional supplementary information is presented on screen with text and archival television footage presents the words of journalists such as Jules Bergman and Walter Cronkite. Neil Armstrong, the first person to set foot on the Moon, declined to participate, the only surviving moon walker at the time to do so. The documentary shares its name with a book by space historians Colin Burgess and Francis French, and both include many original interviews with Apollo lunar astronauts. The documentary offers a view of the Apollo program that is complementary to the book and is neither a source nor a tie-in.'] ['Young Lane Frost  learns the tricks of the bull riding trade at the hand of his father, Clyde , an accomplished rodeo bronco rider himself. As he enters his teenage and early adult years  he travels the western rodeo circuit with his best friends Tuff Hedeman  and Cody Lambert ([[Red Mitchell . He meets and falls in love with a young barrel racer, Kellie Kyle, and eventually they marry in 1984. As Lane\'s legend and fame increase, so does the amount of pressure he puts on himself, to be what everyone wants him to be, and he wants to show that he is a good as they say he is. His ascent to the world championship is marred by a cheating incident, questions about his wife\'s devotion and a near broken neck. The film also follows him through the true life series between himself and Red Rock, a bull that no cowboy had ever been able to stay on for 8 seconds. It cuts the series down to three rides, when in reality it was seven . It culminates at the 1989 Cheyenne Frontier Days Rodeo; Lane is the second-to-last rider that day, riding on the bull known as "Takin\' Care Of Business". As he dismounts after his 8 second ride the bull turns back and hits him in the side with his horn, breaking some ribs and severing a main artery. As a result of excessive internal bleeding, he dies on the arena floor before he can be transported to the hospital. The final scene shows Hedeman later that same year at the National Finals Rodeo riding for the world championship. After the 8 second bell sounds, he continues to ride and stays on an additional 8 seconds as a tribute to his fallen best friend.'] ["Jason Starr is an international spy. While on a mission there was an altercation and Jason disappears. His boss Vaughn then goes to his twin brother Warren Starbinder, a veterinarian, and asks him to pose as Jason so to complete his mission. Warren agrees to do so but the talk will not be easy since he is not a spy. Warren also cannot tell his wife and family what he's doing which makes it hard for him to explain the peculiar ways he is now behaving."] ['Fresh out of pharmacy school, young Eddy Duchin travels to New York in the 1920s to take a job playing piano for bandleader Leo Reisman\'s orchestra. But upon arrival, Eddy learns there is no such job. A wealthy socialite, Marjorie Oelrichs, overhears his playing and takes a personal interest in Eddy. When he is invited to the home of her wealthy aunt and uncle, the Wadsworths, for a party, Eddy is disappointed to discover that he has been asked there merely to entertain. Having fallen in love, Marjorie goes so far as to propose marriage to Eddy rather than the other way around. She has secret fears that she expresses on their wedding night, and tragedy strikes when Marjorie giving birth to their child. An anguished Eddie abandons his baby boy, Peter, leaving him in the Wadsworths\' care, and goes away from New York for many years. He serves on a warship in the war. Finally persuaded to visit his son, he meets Peter\'s governess, a British woman named Chiquita, who grows on him after an uneasy start. Peter is learning to play the piano. Eddy has an engagement at the Waldorf-Astoria hotel, but his hand freezes while at the keyboard. He eventually is diagnosed with leukemia and has no more than a year to live. After he marries Chiquita, he can\'t bring himself to tell Peter about his illness, so he simply says that soon he\'ll be "going away." Peter ultimately learns the truth.'] ["The highly fictionalised story sees 'Schani' dismissed from his job in a bank. He puts together a group of unemployed musicians who wangle a performnce at Dommayer's cafe. The audience is minimal, but when two opera singers, Carla Donner and Fritz Schiller, visit whilst their carriage is being repaired, the music attracts a wider audience. Strauss is caught up in a student protest; he and Carla Donner avoid arrest and escape to the Vienna Woods, where he is inspired to create the waltz 'Tales from the Vienna Woods'. Carla asks Strauss for some music to sing at an aristocratic soiree and this leads to the composer receiving a publishing contract. He's on his way, and he can now marry Poldi Vogelhuber, his sweetheart. But the closeness of Strauss and Carla Donner during rehearsals of operettas, atrracts comment, not least from Count Hohenfried, Donner's admirer. Poldi remains loyal to Strauss amd the marriage is a long one. He is received by the Kaiser Franz Josef  and the two stand before cheering crowds on the balcony of Schőnbrunn."] ['At the beginning of the plot, Dan Millman is a university student as well as a locally famous gymnast who dreams of winning a National Championship competition. He suffers from restlessness, and on one occasion Dan attempts to compensate for the restlessness by running along streets before sunrise. At a car-service station, he encounters an old man who seems to know more about Dan\'s problem than Dan himself knows, whom Dan later nicknames "Socrates." Dan is unsettled by Socrates\' knowledge; by the fact that Socrates had appeared in a nightmare as a faceless janitor, clad in mismatched shoes , who sweeps up the pieces of Dan\'s shattered leg; and by the old man\'s extraordinary speed, agility, and co-ordination. As a result of his exposure to the last, Dan seeks to learn the secret behind it. Socrates, prodded by the impatient and defiant Dan, gives the boy a series of tasks and lessons. The central concept of "Soc"\'s philosophy is this: that one must live entirely in the present moment. Other ideas include the related notion that at no time is "nothing going on" and the idea that an appropriate time exists for fighting and another for abstaining from violence. These lessons are conveyed through practical lessons, long contemplation, and one spectacular mystical experience. Dan gradually learns to appreciate every moment; to view the journey toward a goal as more meaningful and significant than the attainment; to pay attention to that which he is doing &ndash; thus increasing his gymnastic prowess; and  control himself. Throughout the lesson, Dan learns virtually nothing about his mentor, other than the philosophy, Socrates\' belief that service is the most noble action possible , and the presence of another protégé. This protégé, a woman of Dan\'s own age named Joy, has learned and integrated Socrates\' philosophy into her life, to the extent that she seems as wise as Socrates himself. Dan attempts to ask her for information regarding Socrates, but receives little. Joy treats Dan indulgently, though she evidently respects him. One day, Dan drives recklessly, and his motorcycle collides with a car that ran a red light, causing his right femur bone to shatter. He is rushed to a hospital, where a metal bar is placed in his leg to maintain its integrity. As a result, his gymnastic coach believes that Dan cannot compete in the National competition. Dan, hurt by this lack of faith, recovers from the injury and resumes his training under Socrates\' tutelage. Eventually, he is restored to full health and strength, while his co-ordination improves and his mind is set entirely on the present moment. He competes in the U.S. Trials for the Olympics and achieves a victory. Slightly before the competition, Dan diverts the bus he is riding to Socrates\' station, only to find that Socrates has vanished without a trace. At the arena, he attempts to teach his teammate Tommy what he has learned, but fails due to Tommy\'s emotional insecurity and lack of comprehension. Dan then is called upon for his turn to perform on the Still Rings. While he does his routine, Dan performs flawless just like Pommel Horse tryouts. Moments before he completes his routine, Socrates is in his thoughts asking him three questions: "Where are you, Dan?" "Here." "What time is it?" "Now." "What are You?" "This Moment." Dan then performs his triple consecutive flips, the Commentators frantically speaking, and the judges staring at him in amazement. He then dismounts, while the rings swing outwards, eventually touching each other. The screen goes black, leaving his last moment unknown. The postscript states that Dan and his Berkeley Gymnastics Team won their first National title. It is implied at the end, in a postscript appearing on screen, that Dan of the film and Dan the author of the book on which the film is based are one and the same. It is also stated that the latter Dan lives with his wife Joy.'] ["The film is a series of flashbacks to various periods in the life of Blake Morrison as he remembers moments he shared with his father Arthur while he, his mother, and younger sister Gillian tend to him on his deathbed in his Yorkshire home. Despite Blake's success as a writer, poet, and critic, his father - a rural general practitioner - never accepted his decision to pursue a literary career nor was he willing to acknowledge his achievements in his field. Bullying, blustery, and boorish, Arthur blunders his way through fatherhood, regularly calling his son a fathead and intruding into the boy's private moments with a sense of entitlement. He has a penchant for exaggeration when he's not telling outright lies, and he publicly humiliates his long-suffering but passively complacent wife Kim with his shameless flirting with various women and an affair with Beaty, a friend of the family. At other times, he seems genuinely interested in bonding with his son, taking him camping so they can test supposedly waterproof sleeping bags he has made or allowing him to drive in the family's Alvis convertible on a wide expanse of deserted beach with reckless abandon. As a result, Blake is left with mixed feelings for the man, ranging from deeply-rooted anger to compassionate acceptance. Only after Arthur's death is he able to set aside his resentment and recognize him as a father whose flaws ultimately helped mold his son into the better man he is."] ["Christopher Columbus' discovery of the Americas and the effect this has on the indigenous people, starting with his solicitation of Queen Isabella I  to gain the necessary funding. In the beginning, Columbus becomes obsessed in making his trip westwards to Asia, but lacks crew and a ship. The Spanish council is also heavily disapproving of it, and are not keen on any act of independent thought. After continuous warnings at the monastery, he becomes involved in a brawl with the monks, ending up lying in the monastery courtyard to pay penance. His eldest son Diego, one of the monks, looks on disapprovingly. As Columbus continues his payment to penance through a vow of silence, he is approached by a representative of an interested party who wishes to fund the journey. Columbus meets with the Queen, who grants him his journey in exchange for his promise to bring back sufficient amounts of riches in gold. Columbus tricks many crewmen by telling them that the voyage would only last seven weeks. He goes to confession at the monastery to absolve his sins, and the monk reluctantly gives him absolution, as he is unable to inform the crewmen without breaking his oath. The next morning, three ships leave for the trip to Asia, with the flagship being the Santa Maria. During the voyage at night, one of the crewmen notices him navigation by the stars, a skill previously known only to the Moors. Columbus then happily teaches him the secret. Nine weeks go by and still no sign of land. The crew becomes restless and the other Captain turn against Columbus. He tries to reinvigorate them, to let them see the dream that he wishes to share. Whilst some of the crewmen were still not convinced, with all of a sudden the main sail catches the wind, which the crewmen see as a small act of God's willingness. At night, Columbus notices mosquitoes on the deck, indicating that land is not far off. Some days later, Columbus and the crew spot an albatross fly around the ship, before disappearing. Suddenly out of the mist they see the first sign of land. An island covered in lush vegetation and sandy beaches, the first discovery of the New World. They befriend the local natives, who show them some of the gold they had collected. Columbus teaches one of them Spanish so that they are able to communicate with the tribes. He then later informs that they are to return to Spain momentarily to visit the Queen and bring the word of God. They leave behind a group of crewmen to help in the colonisation of the New World. Columbus receives a high Spanish honour from the Queen and has dinner with the Council. They express disappointment with the small amount of gold he brought back, but the Queen is approving of his gifts. On return to the island, all the crewmen are found to be dead. When the tribe are abruptly confronted by Columbus and his troops, they tell him that other strangers came and savaged them. Columbus chooses to believe them, but his commanding officer is not convinced. They begin to build the city of San Salvador and eventually manage to holster the town bell into its tower, symbolising the arrival of Christianity in the New World. Four years later, the commanding officer cuts the hand off one of the natives, accusing him of lying about the whereabouts of gold. The word of this act of violence spreads across all the natives and they all disappear into the forest. Columbus begins to worry about a potential war arising, with the natives heavily outnumbering them. Upon return to his home in San Salvador, he finds his whole house ablaze with fire, showing his unpopularity amongst a certain faction of the settlers. Soon, the tribes arrive to fight the Spaniards and San Salvador becomes war-torn, with Columbus' governorship being reassigned with orders of him to return to Spain. After being informed about the discovery of the mainland by an Italian, he is incarcerated for many years, to be bailed out by his sons soon after. When summoned by the Queen about seeing the New World again, he makes a case for her about his dream to see the New World. She agrees to let him take a final voyage, on the condition he does not go with the brothers of his crew and to never return to San Salvador. The closing scene shows him old, with his youngest son writing down his tales of the New World."] ["Bettie Page is an ambitious, naïve, and devout young Christian woman who longs to leave Nashville, Tennessee following a childhood of sexual abuse, a failed wartime marriage, and a gang rape. In 1949, she departs for New York City, where she enrolls in an acting class. Amateur photographer Jerry Tibbs discovers her walking on the beach at Coney Island and she agrees to model for him. He suggests she restyle her hair with the bangs that would become her trademark. Bettie becomes a favorite of nature photographers , and she has no hesitation about removing her clothes for the photographers when asked. Before long images of the shapely brunette reach brother-and-sister entrepreneurs Paula and Irving Klaw, who run a respectable business selling movie stills and memorabilia but also deal with fetish photos, magazines, and 8- and 16-millimeter films for additional income. Their top model Maxie takes Bettie under her wing, and she soon finds herself wearing leather corsets and thigh-high boots while wielding whips and chains for photographer John Willie, frequently at the request of Little John, a mild-mannered attorney with unusual tastes. Bettie is innocently unaware of the sexual nature of the images that rapidly are making her a star in the underground world of bondage aficionados. Bettie is called to testify before a 1955 hearing, headed by Senator Estes Kefauver, investigating the effects of pornography on American youth. Though she waits patiently for 12 hours to answer the committee's questions, Kefauver  decides to not bring her before the committee and dismisses her without an explanation. When it becomes apparent that casting directors are more interested in her notoriety than in any acting talent she might possess, Bettie heads to Miami Beach. Drifting along with limited career prospects and a virtually nonexistent social life, she stumbles upon a small church, walks inside and embraces Jesus Christ during a religious service. Although she insists she's not ashamed of anything she has done in her life, she appears happy to leave her past behind and return to her spiritual roots by preaching the word of the Lord on street corners. Back in New York, Irving is stressed out and suffering from ill-health. He decides that he and his sister must burn their vast collection of erotic photos, and movie footage in order to avoid potential prosecution. Paula reluctantly complies with her brother's request, but secretly saves the negatives of many of Bettie's pictures and movies from the bonfire, therefore ensuring that Bettie's work will survive for future generations."] ['The Other Side of Heaven is about John Groberg\'s mission for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints to Tonga. The movie takes place in the 1950s. John Groberg  is playing in the band at a dance being held at Brigham Young University. Jean  is his girlfriend; and she is also at the dance. John and Jean end up dancing with each other, and they leave the dance together. John\'s family in Idaho Falls receives his mission call. He learns that he is called to serve in Tonga. He says goodbye to his family and leaves from Idaho Falls to Los Angeles. In Los Angeles, he boards a ship and gets to Fiji where he is detained in a Fijian jail. He is released and sets sail for Tonga. When he gets to Tonga, he meets his mission president. His mission president introduces him to Feki, his companion. Feki is a native Tongan who also speaks English. They are assigned to serve in a remote island of the mission. He expects a warm welcome from the people. Instead, he is greeted with contempt by the island people. He goes through culture shock as he adjusts to the Tongan culture. He has difficulty with the Tongan language. Also, a local minister has told the people not to listen to John or to his message. He begins by learning the Tongan language. He isolates himself and studies the Bible in both English and Tongan. He becomes more familiar with the language. John and Feki build a house for themselves on the island. One morning, John discovers that rats have eaten the soles of his feet. His fellow church members help him as his feet heal. They heal just in time for the Sunday church meetings, and he is miraculously able to walk. This astonishes the people, and they become more receptive to his message. One night, a group of men surround John and Feki to beat them up. They have been sent by the local minister. One of the men, Tomasi, breaks them up and sends them away. Tomasi saves John and Feki, because he was baptised into the church and is Mormon himself. Tomasi begins attending church meetings. A local woman, at the behest of her family, tries to seduce John so that she can have a "half White baby". The woman\'s mother becomes offended at John\'s rejection of her daughter. John tells her that he is saving himself for Jean, his girlfriend back home. The woman\'s mother is satisfied. A hurricane hits the island, and the island is heavily damaged. A supply ship is expected in a few weeks, but the ship is late. The people ration their food and water to survive. Many people on the island die. John is saved when the local minister approaches him, apologizes to him, and gives John his last ration of food. The supply ship arrives. John, Feki, and many others are saved. The local minister passes away and is given an honorable burial. The mission president authorizes John to form a congregation on the island. John is set apart as the branch president and calls two counselors. Feki is assigned to go back to construction. John and Feki part ways, and thank each other for their friendship. The new mission president visits the island and has concerns about the work there. Even though a lot of work has been done, the mission president has no records of the work. John quickly completes the required forms and turns them in to the mission president. The mission president apologizes to John and praises John for his work. He also puts John in for a six-month extension of his mission. While traveling to an outlying island, John and his two counselors are caught in a major storm at sea. All three are tossed overboard and must swim for their lives. John miraculously makes it to shore and finds that his counselors are also safe. Once John returns to the Tongan Island, he finds out the six-month extension is denied, and John concludes his mission to Tonga. The people thank him for all he has done for them, and John heads back home to the United States. Throughout his mission, John and Jean keep in contact by letters. Some of the narrative of the story is told through these letters. They remain faithful to each other and are married after John returns home. They have children and continue to serve in the church. They also visit the Tongan islands several times.'] ['Manda Bala profiles such subjects as a businessman who bullet-proofs his cars, a plastic surgeon who reconstructs the ears of kidnap victims, former Governor and Senator Jáder Barbalho, a powerful Brazilian politician from the state of Pará who used a frog farm for money laundering, and the owner of the frog farm himself . The film details many of the reasons for Brazil\'s corruption including the fact that politicians in office there are exempt from civilian court proceedings, with the consequence that they will never be punished for crimes they commit in office. Another factor — and the other driving point of the film — is the ubiquity of kidnapping in Brazil, which ensures that the likelihood of redressing these crimes is fairly low and that someone\'s enemies  are apt to disappear fairly easily.  ; Frog Farmer: a frog farmer who genuinely enjoys his trade. His wife asked him to make a choice, keep her or keep the frogs. The frog farmer chose the frogs. The frog farms were used by Jader Barbalho to illegally launder money. ; Businessman: after telling a story about how he was robbed while sitting in traffic, he discusses how unsafe he feels driving in São Paulo and decided to start bulletproofing cars because being without a bulletproof car "would be crazy". ; Head of Kidnapping Unit: talks about how commonplace kidnappings are and how difficult they are to resolve successfully and his belief that the government should be involved in solving and preventing kidnappings. Also shows off some of his bullet scars from his dangerous line of work. ; Victim: a victim of a kidnapping who had her ears cut off goes into detail about how her captors made her sleep in cramped quarters with only a bucket to use the bathroom, a TV blaring Hitchcock films, and how they sent pieces of her ear to her family. ; Federal Police Marshal: discusses the details of his investigation into the frog farm\'s money laundering and corruption and how the initial evidence was gathered against Jader Barbahlo. ; Kidnapper: Discusses how a kidnapping is planned and what happens when a person cannot pay their ransom and also about how he and his organization take care of the poor when they need it, paving streets, giving out food, and other various projects. He then compares himself to a politician that gives to the poor instead of the ones that are in place that have forgotten the poor. Not shown in the film, the kidnapper was later shot by the police in late 2006.{{cite web}} ; Jader Barbalho: Discusses the Amazon region , why SUDAM failed, and when the subject of the Frog Farm comes up, he responds that "I would need more time to talk to you about that, but this is....this is no" and promptly ends the interview.'] ['During a two-day period before and after the University of Alabama integration crisis, the film uses five camera crews to follow President John F. Kennedy, attorney general Robert F. Kennedy, Alabama governor George Wallace, deputy attorney general Nicholas Katzenbach and the students Vivian Malone and James Hood. As Wallace has promised to personally block the two black students from enrolling in the university, the JFK administration discusses the best way to react to it, without rousing the crowd or making Wallace a martyr for the segregationist cause. They come up with a plan to quickly federalize the Alabama National Guard and return later the same day, if Wallace indeed refuses to step out of the way despite the court order. The plan works; Wallace steps aside under orders from General Henry V. Graham, but is given the chance to save face and leave before the students enter the building. President Kennedy later gives a speech on equality on national television, and a third black student, Dave McGlathery, enrolls without incident.'] ["The pair meet at a Hollywood party, where rugged leading man Gable eschews evening wear and screwball comedienne Lombard arrives in an ambulance that wrecks his car. They argue. He threatens to spank her. She punches him on the jaw. The two clearly dislike each other, and intensely so, but as fate conspires to bring them together again and again, they begin to admire each other and fall in love. The fly in the ointment is Gable's second wife Ria. MGM executive Louis B. Mayer fears any publicity about his affair with Lombard will jeopardize Gable's career, and since he's the studio's most valuable player, Mayer becomes protective of his star. Gable and Lombard fish, play practical jokes on each other, laugh, fight, and have fun making up. His wife finally grants him a divorce, and the two wed. The happily ever after ending is thwarted when Lombard is killed in a plane crash while promoting the purchase of defense bonds during World War II."] ['The setting of the film is a riverboat cruise ship floating up the Yangtze river. Two young people are the focus of the film as they work aboard the ship. One is a sixteen-year old girl from a particularly poor family living on the banks of the Yangtze near Fengdu, named "Cindy" Yu Shui. She is followed as she leaves her family to work on one of the cruise ships serving wealthy western tourists at the same time as her family is being forced from their home due to the flooding that accompanied the building of the dam. The film shows her acclimatization to the consumer economy of tourism as well as modern technology of the cruise ships, juxtaposed with her family and other older citizens who are displaced from a rural lifestyle to cities where they must pay for the vegetables they used to grow on their own. The other main subject is a nineteen year old boy from a more prosperous family named "Jerry" Chen Bo Yu. Chen Bo Yu shows a different perspective as Yu Shui as he tries to earn cash on the ship as a porter and singer. The film is rich in detail about ways of life, dreams, and aspirations and is a great view into the reality of Chinese life.'] ['In this follow-up to The Jolson Story, we pick up the singer\'s career just as he has returned to the stage after a premature retirement. But his wife has left him and the appeal of the spotlight is not what it used to be. This time Jolson  trades in the stage for life in the fast lane: women, horses, travel. His father becomes increasingly concerned about his frivolous lifestyle. With the death of his mother  and the beginning of World War II, Jolson comes back to earth - and returns to the stage. Once again teamed with manager Steve Martin , Jolson travels the world entertaining troops everywhere from Alaska to Africa. When he finally collapses from exhaustion it takes young, pretty nurse Ellen Clark  to show him there\'s more to life than "just rushing around".'] ["Frida begins with the traumatic accident Frida Kahlo  suffered at the age of 18 when a trolley bus collided with a motor bus she was riding. She is impaled by a metal pole and the injuries she sustained plague her for the rest of her life. To help her through convalescence, her father brings her a canvas upon which to start painting. Throughout the film, a scene starts as a painting, then slowly dissolves into a live-action scene with actors. Frida also details the artist's dysfunctional relationship with the muralist Diego Rivera . When Rivera proposes to Kahlo, she tells him she expects from him loyalty if not fidelity. Diego's appraisal of her painting ability is one of the reasons that she continues to paint. Throughout the marriage, Rivera cheats on her with a wide array of women, while the bisexual Kahlo takes on male and female lovers, including in one case having an affair with the same woman as Rivera. The two travel to New York City so that he may paint the mural Man at the Crossroads at the Rockefeller Center. While in the United States, Kahlo suffers a miscarriage, and her mother dies in Mexico. Rivera refuses to compromise his communist vision of the work to the needs of the patron, Nelson Rockefeller ; as a result, the mural is destroyed. The pair return to Mexico, with Rivera the more reluctant of the two. Kahlo's sister Cristina moves in with the two at their San Ángel studio home to work as Rivera's assistant. Soon afterward, Kahlo discovers that Rivera is having an affair with her sister. She leaves him, and subsequently sinks into alcoholism. The couple reunite when he asks her to welcome and house Leon Trotsky , who has been granted political asylum in Mexico. She and Trotsky begin an affair, which forces the married Trotsky to leave the safety of his Coyoacán home. Kahlo leaves for Paris after Diego realizes she was unfaithful to him with Trotsky. When she returns to Mexico, he asks for a divorce. Soon afterwards, Trotsky is murdered in Mexico City. Rivera is temporarily a suspect, and Kahlo is incarcerated in his place when he is not found. Rivera helps get her released. Kahlo has her toes removed when they become gangrenous. Rivera asks her to remarry him, and she agrees. Her health continues to worsen, including the amputation of a leg, and she ultimately dies after finally having a solo exhibition of her paintings in Mexico."] ['The film charts the lives of the Krays from childhood, paying particular attention to how they were very close to their doting mother  and also the relationship between the twins, with Ronald  the more dominant and violent twin and Reginald  committing acts of violence primarily at the behest of his brother.'] ['A fictionalized account of the life of William F. "Buffalo Bill" Cody. A hunter and Army Scout in the early part of his life, he rescues a US Senator and his beautiful daughter, Louisa Frederici. Cody is portrayed as someone who admires and respects the Indians and is a good friend of Yellow Hand who will eventually become Chief of the Cheyenne. Everyone else, including the military, politicians and businessmen on the other hand hate the Indians and are perfectly prepared to trample on their lands and destroy their buffalo hunting grounds. He\'s eventually forced to fight the Cheyenne however. He\'s also met a writer, Ned Buntline, who writes about Cody\'s exploits and he becomes a sensation when he travels East. His career is not assured however, particularly when he attacks those in positions of authority over their maltreatment of the Native American population. He eventually establishes his wild west show that becomes an international sensation.{{cite web}}'] ['51 Birch Street is the first-person account of a family\'s unpredictable journey through dramatic life-changing events. Having observed most of his parents\' 54-year marriage, Doug Block believed it to be quite a good one. A few months after his mother\'s sudden death from pneumonia, Doug Block\'s 83-year old father, Mike, calls him to announce that he’s moving to Florida to live with "Kitty", his secretary from 40 years before. Always close to his mother and equally distant from his father, Doug and his two older sisters were shocked and suspicious. How long had Kitty been an intimate part of their father’s life, they wondered. When Mike and Kitty marry and sell the longtime family home, Doug returns to suburban Long Island with camera in hand for one last visit. Among the lifetime of memories being packed away forever, Doug discovers three large boxes filled with his mother\'s daily diaries going back 35 years, in which she recorded her unhappiness, her rage against her husband, her sexual fantasies about her therapist, a brief affair with an unnamed friend of her husband — and her suspicions about Kitty. The marriage, Mike told Doug on film, "was not loving, it was a functioning association". Realizing he has only a few short weeks before the movers come and his father will be gone for good, Doug is determined to explore the mystery of his parents\' marriage. Through conversations with family members and friends, and surprising diary revelations, Doug finally comes to peace with his parents who are more complex and troubled than he ever imagined. However, unlike other notable documentaries on family from the years around 2000, such as Capturing the Friedmans and Tarnation, 51 Birch Street doesn\'t reveal terrible secrets or extreme dysfunction of an ordinary family. Instead, the documentary explores more subtle forms of repression, secrecy and denial within a family, and confirms the complexity of marriage. {{cquote}}'] ['Raised on a sharecropping plantation in Northern Florida, Ray Charles Robinson went blind at the age of seven, shortly after witnessing his younger brother drown. Inspired by a fiercely independent mother who insisted he make his own way in the world, Charles found his calling and his gift behind a piano keyboard. Touring across the chitlin circuit, the soulful singer gained a reputation and then exploded with worldwide fame when he pioneered incorporating gospel, country, jazz and orchestral influences into his inimitable style. As he revolutionized the way people appreciated music, he simultaneously fought segregation in the very clubs that launched him and championed artists’ rights within the corporate music business. The movie provides a portrait of Charles’ musical genius as he overcomes heroin addiction while transforming into one of his country’s most beloved performers.'] [' A camera tracks crosswise alongside a wide, brightly appointed beach, in what appears to be the dead of winter. No bathers are in sight, only a rolling parade of empty cabanas, with a tranquil blue seascape in the distance beyond. The wistful, melancholy music of Nino Rota lends these vistas a dreamy familiarity. We then jump from color to luminous black & white, and a quick glimpse of Federico Fellini’s 1963 masterpiece, 8½, in which the monumentally buxom harlot, La Saraghina, is preparing to perform her rumba on the beach for a flock of fugitive schoolboys. It’s the very same beach we were just staring at, but magically denuded of 40 years of succeeding development, and made mythic through the eyes of a master. From this point of departure, Pettigrew juxtaposes archival footage and fresh interviews with Fellini’s collaborators, interspersed with classic clips and the fruits of his own present-day visits to the haunting locales where I Vitelloni , Nights of Cabiria , La Dolce Vita , Satyricon  and other cinematic wonders first came to life. The goal is to fuse these ingredients thematically, to a degree that may better illuminate Fellini’s conscience and philosophies. "I am a born liar," the maestro tells us. "For me, the things that are the most real are the ones I invented." In one way or another, Fellini’s playful habit of honestly admitting falsehood is presented, and tested, as the key to his art, and even his spirituality. The maestro’s boyhood in the Adriatic coastal town of Rimini is conjured through a combination of an unpublished baby picture of Fellini, contemporary footage, and his own spoken reminiscence. Fellini remembers being fascinated, when still a small boy, by the town’s artistic types - bohemian outcasts who were, by turns, dirty, flashy, and inner directed. "A small boy is naturally rebellious," he tells us, of himself. "He’s reacting to the laws, the taboos, the rules laid down by his family, his school. And my generation was faced with so many taboos, those of the Catholic Church, of Fascism." This reflection is intercut with a behind-the-scenes of Amarcord , Fellini’s intimate epic about small-town life in the Benito Mussolini era. The focus is on the scene, both nightmarish and comedic, in which the hero’s father is obliged by the police to drink castor oil, for no reason other than as a clownish, sadistic exercise of small-time power. Fellini circles the action, prompting the actors, crooning to them, snarling, sometimes obliging them to act directly towards him, as he crouches off-camera. Emphasised in this context is Fellini’s intense discomfort at causing such a scene to be re-enacted, however satiric the energy. He scowls, grits his teeth, and admonishes one actor playing a Blackshirt bully to be more precise, for pity’s sake: "Your partner has been suffering for days because of you. Get it right!" Fellini’s early manhood and lifelong collaboration with his actress wife, Giulietta Masina, are evoked through a combination of interviews  and clips from 8½ and Juliet of the Spirits.F. X. Feeney observes that "scenes of boyhood lust, grownup sexual mischief and the intimate, truthfully observed emotional life of a longtime married couple reoccur with a passionate regularity in Fellini’s films". Quoted in press notes released by First Look Media in 2003. While it is an understandable temptation to think of such scenes as "autobiography", they are counterbalanced by Fellini’s own warnings: "Memory is a most mysterious element, almost indefinable, that links us to things we don’t even remember having lived. It constantly incites us to stay in contact with dimensions, events, and sensations, that we can’t define, but that we know actually happened." After a close look at the overtly fake plastic seascapes of And the Ship Sails On , Italian novelist Italo Calvino observes: "To a psychoanalyst, whether you tell the truth or whether you lie, isn’t very important. Because even lies are interesting, eloquent, revealing, just as much as what is considered truth. I distrust a writer who claims to tell the whole truth about himself, about life, or about the world." Some of the contradictions in Fellini’s accounts of himself are just plain funny. "I adore actors," he tells us. Cut to Donald Sutherland, star of Fellini\'s Casanova , who quietly seethes that "in his relations with actors, Federico was dreadful, a martinet, a tyrant". Yet Sutherland is close to a smile as he recalls and then offers an insight that deepens the film’s argument: "Fellini is constantly threatened by his own superficiality, and is constantly running away from it, in the same sense as Orson Welles. Orson Welles created a lie about himself that was in fact the truth, but he knew that it was a lie he’d created - and once everybody believed it, he found it insupportable." Rocking the stability of these persuasive remarks is Roberto Benigni, star of La voce della luna , extolling Fellini’s charm with actors in bright, broad strokes: "He treated me, for the first time in my life, like I was a real actor. Or better - actress! I was in the center, and to everybody he say, \'This is-a my Kim-a Novak.\'" Terence Stamp, who played Toby Dammit in Histoires extraordinaires , remembers that when he asked for a bit of directorial instruction, Fellini glared at him at first as if witnessing something unnatural - a puppet who dared to question its puppeteer. Then, off the top of his head, he offered Stamp a lulu of an "actor’s motivation" for Toby, telling him: "Last-a night you play Macbeth. Then you go to a party. Big-a party. Whiskey. Hashish. Cocaine. A whore-gy! And at this-a whore-gy, you fuck some woman while some black-a man fuck you. Then you are on your way to the airport and someone put big tab LSD under your tongue. Now you\'re here!" Stamp needed no further preparation. Nevertheless, he was constantly intrigued by Fellini’s love of extreme artifice. When he asked the director why the makeup people had been told to place Toby’s eyebrows at such an unnaturally high angle on his forehead, Fellini replied, "They are question marks. It makes you look like you’re asking a question." Tullio Pinelli, screenwriter of La strada and La Dolce Vita, and cameraman Giuseppe Rotunno outline the varied, often complex approaches to scripting a Fellini film and lighting it. Noted French producer Toscan du Plantier details the frustration of working with a temperamental director who "needs an enemy" for inspiration. "An artist is a medium," insists Fellini, "a vessel to be filled by fantasy" as painter and long-time intimate, Rinaldo Geleng, evokes the maestro\'s wild mental states during La dolce vita, 8½ and Casanova. Featured during these interviews are extremely rare behind-the-scenes of La Dolce Vita, Juliet of the Spirits, Fellini\'s Casanova, and City of Women that are, in turn, punctuated by mysterious uncredited appearances by Ennio Flaiano, Alain Cuny, and Nanni Moretti. As the film moves through its final third, we tour the stagier sets and sample the less formally scripted scenes which characterize Fellini’s later work. These scenes are balanced against the filmmaker’s own latter-day musings in such a way that, even if one tends to resist Fellini’s later films, one is better able to see and understand them on his terms as part of an inevitable, continuous growth on his part. "Faking things, constantly faking!" says Fellini as we observe in detail his skillfully crafted, openly false, studio-built seascapes. "Making a fake sea, a fake meadow, a fake storm. All this faking, this representation - probably unconsciously - is merely a repetition of a kind of magic ritual." After a clip from 8½ in which a sleepless Guido  worries that his latest film will capsize, owing to his own shortcomings - "What if it’s the end," he asks himself, "of a big fat liar without talent or genius?"- Fellini reflects that "doubt" is also a vital part of the creative process. "Fear is a feeling you have to cultivate. A man cannot do without being afraid. A fearless man is, I think, a fool. Fear is inseparable from being human." Fear of death motivated Fellini to abandon, sometime around 1966, a poetic film about the afterlife called The Voyage of G. Mastorna. Terence Stamp encouraged Fellini to make the film anyway: "\'You think if you make this film, you will die,\'" he recalls telling the maestro. "\'And you will! But not in the way you think. You’ll be reborn.\'" Fellini resisted the advice. And yet, Mastorna itself was reborn, again and again as he saw it, in all his later work. "The most intimate and secret part of that film has nourished and found its way into every film I made later," he reflects. "Like the wreck of a ship that from the floor of the ocean continues to send radioactive signals." We are then shown footage of Mastroianni with Giulietta Masina on the set of City of Women and Mastroianni during a screen test for the ill-fated  Mastorna. Such ruminations set the tone for the film’s close in which Fellini reflects  on the fleeting properties of life in general and the unforeseen, dream-like career which became his life. "I think it is a necessity," he says of the creative process, alluding not just to filmmaking but to the imaginative ways in which we each navigate our lives. "An interpretation... Which protects, consoles and reassures. I believe that art is the most successful attempt to instill in mankind the need to have a religious feeling. That’s what any kind of art expresses." The film ends full circle at the seascape where it began except that, now, the remnant of an abandoned camera-track is aimed straight into the sea. On the ambiguity of this final image, critic F. X. Feeney wrote: "Is this substitution of a real sea for the imaginary ones we’ve been sailing for the past hour and forty minutes a critique, a refutation of Fellini’s beloved fakery? Or is it a validation - an invitation to enter the reality at which those fancies were ultimately aimed? In keeping with the maestro\'s elusive art, the image is a deliberate paradox."Quoted in Feeney, Press Notes .'] ['During the Mozart family grand tour, a cracked carriage axle forces Leopold Mozart, his wife Anna, 14-year old Nannerl and a rambunctious 11-year old Wolfgang to seek shelter in the nearby Abbey of Fontevraud. There Nannerl develops a friendship with 13-year old Princess Louise Marie of France, who is being brought up in the Abbey, along with two of her sisters. This leads to an encounter at Versailles with her brother, Louis, Dauphin of France. Nannerl, an accomplished harpsichordist and singer who helps support the family as part of a brother - sister act, yearns to compose music and play violin, but her father, Leopold, forbids it. The young, but recently widowed Dauphin takes an interest in her and her music that edges toward romance. But he breaks off the relationship when he becomes engaged to Maria Josepha Amalia of Saxony. Princess Louise enters a convent and urges Nannerl to stay away from the Dauphin who is struggling to avoid the debauchery of his father, King Louis XV. A bizarre final encounter with the Dauphin and his new wife ensues. Nannerl and Princess Louise reflect on how their fates would have differed had they been born male.'] ["The film depicts the Battle of the Alamo and the events leading up to it. Sam Houston leads the forces fighting for Texas independence and needs time to build an army. The opposing Mexican forces, led by General Santa Anna, are numerically stronger and also better armed and trained. Nevertheless, the Texans have spirit and morale remains generally high. Lieutenant Colonel William Travis is tasked with defending the Alamo, a former mission just outside San Antonio. Jim Bowie arrives with reinforcements, and the defenders dig in. Meanwhile, Davy Crockett arrives in San Antonio with a company of men from Tennessee. Crockett meets with Travis, and after Travis informs him of the direness of the situation, Crockett and his men join forces with the Alamo garrison. Santa Anna's armies arrive and surround the fort. The siege begins. Santa Anna demands surrender; Travis replies with a cannon shot. In a nighttime raid, the Texans sabotage the Mexicans' biggest cannon. The Texans maintain high hopes as they are told a strong force led by Colonel James Fannin is on its way to break the siege. Crockett, however, sensing an imminent attack, sends one of his younger men, Smitty, to ask Houston for help. Crockett knows this will perhaps save Smitty's life. The Mexicans attack in a frontal assault on the Alamo. The defenders hold out and kill hundreds of charging Mexican soldiers, further boosting morale, although the Texans' own losses are not insignificant. Bowie sustains a leg wound. Morale drops when Travis tells his men that the Fannin's reinforcements have been ambushed and slaughtered by the Mexicans. Travis chooses to stay with his command and defend the Alamo, but he gives the other defenders the option of leaving. Crockett, Bowie and their men prepare to leave, but a speech of encouragement by Travis convinces them to stay and fight to the end. On the thirteenth day of the siege, Santa Anna's artillery bombards the Alamo and kills or wounds several Texans. The entire Mexican army sweeps forward, attacking on all sides. The defenders kill dozens of charging Mexicans, but the attack is overwhelming. The Mexicans blast a hole in the Alamo wall and soldiers swarm through. Travis tries to rally the men but is shot and killed. Crockett leads the Texans in the final defense of the fort. The Mexicans take heavy losses, but swarm through and overwhelm the Texans. The Texans retreat to their final defensive positions. Crockett is killed in the chaos when he is run through by a lance and then blown up as he ignites the powder magazine. Bowie, in bed with his wound, kills several Mexicans but is bayoneted and dies. As the last Texan is killed, the Mexican soldiers discover the hiding place of the wife and child of Texan defender Captain Dickinson. The battle is over and the Mexicans have won. Santa Anna observes the carnage and provides safe passage for Mrs. Dickinson and her child. Smitty returns too late, watching from a distance. He takes off his hat in respect and then escorts Mrs. Dickinson away from the battlefield. The subplot follows the conflict existing among the strong-willed personalities of Travis, Bowie and Crockett. Travis stubbornly defends his decisions as commander of the garrison against the suggestions of the other two - particularly Bowie with whom the most bitter conflict develops- as well as trying to maintain discipline amongst a force made up primarily of independent-minded frontiersmen and settlers. Crockett, well liked by both Bowie and Travis, eventually becomes a mediator between the other two as Bowie constantly threatens to withdraw his men rather than deal with Travis. Despite their personal conflicts, all three learn to subordinate their differences and in the end bind themselves together in an act of bravery to defend the fort against inevitable defeat."] ['Malcolm X begins with a title sequence featuring an American flag being consumed by fire intercut with George Holliday\'s iconic videotaped footage of the beating of Los Angeles motorist Rodney King. A voice-over of Denzel Washington as Malcolm X angrily condemns white America: "We don\'t see the American dream; we\'ve experienced only the American nightmare!" The burning flag eventually becomes the letter "X". The film opens in earnest in Boston in the "war years". Malcolm "Detroit Red" Little, a troubled, small-time criminal and his friend, Shorty, are walking down a street in gaudy zoot suits. Little also receives a conk from Shorty. They concoct various criminal schemes to make money. Eventually, Little becomes involved with a Harlem gangster named West Indian Archie . Archie takes Little on as his protégè, but they ultimately have a falling out over US$ owed Little, who accuses Archie of "slipping" mentally. After a fight, Little flees back to Boston. There, he is reunited with Shorty and becomes romantically involved with a white woman. Little and Shorty target a wealthy white couple and rob their home. However, both are later arrested for the crime and sentenced to eight-to-ten years in prison. Malcolm Little is initially defiant towards guards and angrily rebuffs the prison\'s chaplain . After he emerges from a long stint in solitary confinement, a fellow inmate, Baines , tries to help him during withdrawal from cocaine addiction, which Little reluctantly accepts. However, Little, the son of a Garveyite Baptist minister who died violently , is suspicious of Baines. Baines espouses the Islamic faith; Little resists. But he grows to respect and trust Baines, who educates him further and introduces him to the Nation of Islam and insists that God is black, Little is skeptical. When he hears from another inmate that the Brooklyn Dodgers have promoted Jackie Robinson , Little is happy, but Baines reminds Little to never forget four hundred years of slavery. Baines tells Little that blacks are of the Tribe of Shabazz who are lost in North America, all whites are devils, and Elijah Muhammad  can lead them to the light. However, when Baines encourages him to pray in the Muslim way, Little can\'t bring himself to kneel even though he says he wants to. Later, he has an epiphany in his cell: he is reading a letter from Elijah Muhammad when an apparition of Muhammad comes to him and tells him, "I have come to give you something which can never be taken away from you: I bring to you a sense of your own worth". When the apparition disappears, he is able to kneel and pray. When he is released from prison, the fully converted Little visits Muhammad, who praises his turnaround. He rejects his family name as a slave name and, per the Nation of Islam\'s naming convention, adopts the surname "X", signifying the mathematical symbol for the unknown. Over the next several years, Malcolm X becomes an increasingly prominent Nation of Islam minister, espousing Islamic principles and the words of Elijah Muhammad, who eventually orders Malcolm to open mosques across the country. He is introduced to Betty X . They wed and start a family . He is also reunited with Shorty, who informs him of the whereabouts of their former fellow criminals. West Indian Archie is now living in The Bronx. He is destitute and lives in squalor and has suffered severe physical and mental problems due to his drug use. Malcolm takes pity on Archie and vows to help him. Despite the Nation of Islam growing greatly in size and influence during Malcolm X\'s tenure, however, there is growing resentment of him within the organization. The pro-Elijah Muhammad faction , perceives that Malcolm X actually considers himself the Nation of Islam and might attempt to force Muhammad out as its leader. Muhammad maintains confidence in his protégè, telling Baines that everything Malcolm has done has benefited the nation. However, Malcolm becomes disillusioned by his mentor\'s hypocrisy when he learns that newspaper reports accusing Elijah Muhammad of fathering children out of wedlock with two women are accurate when he talks to them. Malcolm confronts Muhammad, who justifies his infidelity as the need to "plant his seed in fertile soil". After making deliberately provocative statements concerning the assassination of President John F. Kennedy in direct violation of Elijah Muhammad\'s directive that none of his ministers were to comment on it, Malcolm X is suspended from all activity for ninety days. He submits to the punishment. Ultimately, Malcolm X is forced out of the Nation of Islam. He publicly announces his intent to think his own thoughts and speak his own words and establish an independent mosque, Muslim Mosque, Inc.. He also announces he will undertake a pilgrimage to Mecca, which every able Muslim man is obligated to do at least once in his lifetime. While there, in a letter to his wife, Betty, which she reads to a group of people, Malcolm updates her on his activities. He informs her that he is being followed by two white men, whom he believes are Central Intelligence Agency agents. He also says he has worshipped with fellow Muslims of all races – including whites. He signs the letter using both his new adopted name, "El-Hajj Malik El-Shabazz" and his more familiar name. He returns to the United States with far more moderate views and repudiates racism. He also announces a willingness to work with other civil rights leaders, whom he harshly criticized in the past. His activity, however, engenders the wrath of Elijah Muhammad. In addition to a campaign of telephone harassment, Baines own son, who has aligned himself with Malcolm, says he was ordered to kill him by installing an explosive device in Malcolm\'s car. Later, a Queens home owned by the Nation of Islam in which Malcolm and his family resided is firebombed. The family escapes unharmed. In an interview with a local television reporter given while firefighters attempt to put out the blaze, he accuses Elijah Muhammad of ordering it. Baines calls it a publicity stunt. On February 21, 1965, Malcolm X begins a speech at the Audubon Ballroom in Manhattan. However, a disturbance in the audience interrupts him. Malcolm tries to calm people, but moments later, he is shot numerous times. His wife and children witness it. Three suspects are captured after trying to escape. Later, a hospital spokesman makes a public statement: "The person you know as Malcolm X is no more". In archival footage, Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. says: "The assassination of Malcolm X was an unfortunate tragedy and reveals that there are still numerous people in our nation who have degenerated to the point of expressing dissent through murder and we haven\'t learned to disagree without becoming violently disagreeable". In voice-over, actor and activist Ossie Davis quotes from the eulogy he gave at Malcolm X\'s funeral as a montage of new and archival footage and photographs of Malcolm X is shown: {{cquote}} The film ends with a scene of a black teacher in an American classroom. Behind her on the blackboard, are the words "MALCOLM X DAY". She tells the class that it is Malcolm X\'s birthday. "Malcolm X is you – all of you – and you are Malcolm X", she says. In succession, some of her students stand up and shout, "I am Malcolm X!". The scene switches to African students who mimic the American students. The film culminates with recently released anti-apartheid activist and future South African president Nelson Mandela, quoting one of Malcolm X\'s speeches.<ref nameall FILM; Malcolm X: The Facts, the Fictions, the Film], The New York Times, November 15, 1992. Retrieved February 24, 2010.'] ['Brian Walker is taken from his close-knit Indiana family, living in a small town. In contrast, Stretch Graham has practically no family support, and looks to his Brooklyn team and his warm-hearted coach for support. Both are actively being recruited by colleges.'] ["The film centers on three children - Nancy, a 13-year-old choir singer; Rose, a 14-year-old dancer; and Dominic, a 14-year-old xylophone player. They are members of the Acholi ethnic group, living in the remote northern Uganda refugee camp of Patongo, which is under military protection from the Lord's Resistance Army, a terrorist group that has been rebelling against the government for the past two decades. In 2005, the camp's primary school won its regional music competition and headed to Kampala to participate in the annual National Music Competition. War/Dance focuses on three of the eight categories: Western choral performance, instrumental music, and traditional dance, where the students perform the Bwola, the dance of the Acholi. Over the course of three months, the film's creative team observes the three youngsters as they prepare for the event and gain their confidence enough to have them discuss the horrors they have experienced and express their individual fears, hopes, and dreams."] ['On July 2, 1937, Amelia Earhart  and her navigator, Fred Noonan , are on the last leg of an around-the-world flight. Moving in vignettes from her early years when Earhart was captivated by the sight of an aircraft flying overhead on the Kansas prairie where she grew up, her life over the preceding decade gradually unfolds. As a young woman, she is recruited by publishing tycoon and eventual husband George Putnam  to become the first woman to cross the Atlantic Ocean, albeit as a passenger. Taking command of the flight results in a success and she is thrust into the limelight as the most famous woman pilot of her time. Putnam helps Earhart write a book chronicling the flight, much like his earlier triumph with Charles Lindbergh\'s We, gradually falling in love with his charge, and they eventually marry, although she enacts a "cruel" pledge as her wedding contract. Embarrassed that her fame was not earned, Earhart commences to set myriad aviation records, and in 1932, recreates her earlier transatlantic flight, becoming the first female pilot to fly solo across the Atlantic. Throughout a decade of notoriety, Earhart falls into an awkward love affair with pilot and future Federal Aviation administrator Gene Vidal . In a display of romantic jealousy, Putnam quietly tells Amelia that he does not want Vidal in his house. Earhart is annoyed by the seemingly endless agenda of celebrity appearances and endorsements but Putnam reminds his wife that it funds her flying. They each acquiesce to the other\'s wishes and Earhart is drawn back to her husband on the eve of her last momentous flight, a round the world flight fraught with perils. Earhart\'s first attempt ends in a runway crash in Hawaii, due to collapsed landing gear. Earhart shuts off the fuel supply but her aircraft requires repairs before the flight can be attempted again. Eventually, she takes the repaired Lockheed Model 10 Electra "Flying Laboratory" in a reverse direction, leaving the lengthy transpacific crossing at the end of her flight. Setting out to refuel at tiny Howland Island, radio transmissions between USCGC {{USCGC}}, a Coast Guard picket ship, and Earhart\'s aircraft reveal a rising crisis, as her fuel begins to run out. Her last message is a cryptic position report that the Coast Guard radio operators realize is not of sufficient length to provide a "fix". Itasca has a directional finder with a dead battery, and weak radio communications prevent Earhart and USCG Itasca from making contact. Earhart and Noonan continue to fly on, as the story ends.'] ['George Wallace follows the history of its namesake, commencing in the 1950s when Wallace was a circuit court judge in Barbour County, to his tenure as the most powerful Governor in Alabama\'s history. The film portrays Wallace as a complex man, detailing his stance on racial segregation in Alabama at the time, which proved popular with his white constituents. It also depicts Wallace\'s rise as a presidential hopeful&mdash;eventually leading to his attempted assassination&mdash;and his surprise victory in several states during the 1968 Presidential election. The movie also depicts his symbolic "Stand in the Schoolhouse Door", where Wallace attempted to block black students from entering the University of Alabama.'] ['{{cquote}} My Dinner with Jimi received the best screenplay award at the 2003 Slamdunk Film Festival in Park City, Utah, and was well received when it was shown as part of the Santa Monica Film Festival.'] ['The film opens with Buddy Holly\'s beginnings as a teenager in Lubbock, Texas and his emergence into the world of rock and roll with his fictional good friends and bandmates, drummer Jesse Charles  and bass player Ray Bob Simmons , soon to be known as The Crickets. Their first break comes when they are brought to Nashville, Tennessee to record, but Buddy\'s vision soon clashes with the producers\' rigid ideas of how the music should sound and he walks out. Eventually, he finds a more flexible producer, Ross Turner , who, after listening to their audition, very reluctantly allows Buddy and the Crickets to make music the way they want. While there, he meets Turner\'s secretary, Maria Elena Santiago . His budding romance with her nearly ends before it can begin, when her aunt initially refuses to let her date him, but Buddy persuades her to change her mind. On their very first date, Maria accepts his marriage proposal and they are soon wed. A humorous episode results from a misunderstanding in one of their early bookings. Sol Gittler  signs them up sight-unseen for the famous Apollo Theater in Harlem, assuming from their music that they\'re a black band. When three white Texans show up instead, he is stunned, but unwilling to pay them for doing nothing, he nervously lets them perform and prays fervently that the all-black audience doesn\'t riot at the sight of the first all-white band to play there.  After an uncomfortable start and an initially hostile crowd, Buddy\'s songs soon win them over and the Crickets are a tremendous hit. Gitler books them to come back several times. After two years, Ray Bob and Jesse decide to break up the band, feeling overshadowed by Buddy and not wanting to relocate to New York City. Initially, he is saddened by their departure, but he soldiers on. When Maria announces that she is pregnant, Buddy is delighted. On February 2, 1959, preparing for a concert at Clear Lake, Iowa, Holly decides to charter a private plane to fly to Moorhead, Minnesota for his next big concert. The Big Bopper and Ritchie Valens join him on the flight. Meanwhile, the Crickets, feeling nostalgic, appear unexpectedly at Maria\'s door, expressing their desire to reunite the band. They plan to surprise Buddy at his next tour stop. After playing his final song, "Not Fade Away", Holly bids the crowd farewell with "Thank you Clear Lake! C\'mon. We love you. We\'ll see you next year". A caption then reveals the deaths of Holly, Valens, and the Bopper in a plane crash that night...and the rest is Rock and Roll.'] ['In 1953, 10-year-old Larry Flynt  is selling moonshine in Kentucky. Twenty years later, Flynt  and his younger brother, Jimmy  run the Hustler Go-Go club in Cincinnati. With profits down, Flynt decides to publish a newsletter for the club, the first Hustler magazine, with nude pictures of women working at the club. The newsletter soon becomes a full-fledged magazine, but sales are weak. After Hustler publishes nude pictures of former first lady Jackie Kennedy Onassis, sales take off. Flynt becomes smitten with Althea Leasure , a stripper who works at one of his clubs. With Althea and Jimmy\'s help, Flynt makes a fortune from sales of Hustler. With his success comes enemies - as he finds himself a hated figure of anti-pornography activists. He argues with the activists, saying that "murder is illegal, but if you take a picture of it you may get your name in a magazine or maybe win a Pulitzer Prize". "However", he continues, "sex is legal, but if you take a picture of that act, you can go to jail". He becomes involved in several prominent court cases, and befriends a young lawyer, Alan Isaacman . In 1975, Flynt loses a smut-peddling court decision in Cincinnati, but escapes jail time when the case is thrown out on a technicality. Ruth Carter Stapleton , a Christian activist and sister of President Jimmy Carter, seeks out Flynt and urges him to give his life to Jesus. Flynt seems moved and starts letting his newfound religion influence everything in his life, including Hustler content. In 1978, during another trial in Georgia, Flynt and Isaacman are both shot by a man with a rifle while they walk outside a courthouse. Isaacman recovers, but Flynt is paralyzed from the waist down and uses a wheelchair for the rest of his life. Wishing he was dead, Flynt renounces God. Because of the emotional and physical pain, he moves to Beverly Hills and spirals down into depression and drug use. During this time, Althea also becomes addicted to painkillers and morphine. In 1983, Flynt undergoes surgery to deaden several nerves, and as a result, feels rejuvenated. He returns to an active role with the publication, which, in his absence, had been run by Althea and Jimmy. Flynt is soon in court again, and during his courtroom antics, he fires Isaacman, then throws an orange at the judge. He is sent to a psychiatric ward, where he sinks into depression again. Flynt publishes a satirical parody ad in which Jerry Falwell  tells of a sexual encounter with his mother. Falwell sues for libel and emotional distress. Flynt countersues for copyright infringement, because Falwell copied his ad. The case goes to trial in December 1984, but the decision is mixed, as Flynt is found guilty of inflicting emotional distress but not libel. By that time, Althea has contracted HIV, which proceeds to AIDS. Some time later in 1987, Flynt finds her dead in the bathtub, having drowned. Flynt presses Isaacman to appeal the Falwell decision to the Supreme Court of the United States. Isaacman refuses, saying Flynt\'s courtroom antics humiliated him. Flynt pleads with him, saying that he "wants to be remembered for something meaningful". Isaacman agrees and argues the "emotional distress" decision in front of the Supreme Court, in the case Hustler Magazine v. Falwell in 1988. With Flynt in the courtroom, the court overturns the original verdict in a unanimous decision. After the trial, Flynt is alone in his bedroom watching old videotapes of a healthy Althea.'] ['The film opens in 1922, as Joe O\'Reilly  attempts to console Kitty Kiernan , who is mourning the death of Michael Collins. The film flashes back to the end of the Easter Rising in 1916, as Collins , Harry Boland , Éamon de Valera , and other survivors surrender to the British Army. As the Dublin Metropolitan Police\'s "G" Division identifies the leaders, Collins tells Boland that next time, "We won\'t play by their rules, Harry. We\'ll invent our own." All the other leaders die by firing squad, but de Valera, an American citizen, is imprisoned in Britain. Collins, Boland, and the others are sent to Frongoch internment camp. After his release, Collins runs for a seat in the First Dáil. While giving a speech, the rally is attacked by the Royal Irish Constabulary. Collins is severely beaten, but is rescued by Boland. While recovering on a friend\'s farm, they meet Kitty, who begins a romance with Boland. Collins is tipped off by Detective Ned Broy  that the British plan to arrest de Valera and his Cabinet. However, de Valera forbids anyone to go into hiding, stating that the ensuing public outcry will force their immediate release. Only Collins and Boland escape arrest and imprisonment, and there are no protests. Left in command, Collins orders the IRA to begin raiding police barracks for weapons. He also issues a statement that all collaboration with the British will be punished by death. Collins then recruits a squad from the IRA\'s Dublin Brigade, which, on Bloody Sunday, assassinates fourteen members of MI5\'s Cairo Gang. In retaliation, the Black and Tans fire into the crowd at a Gaelic football match at Croke Park. Broy is caught burning documents and killed. Later, Boland and Collins travel to Britain and break de Valera out of Lincoln prison. Angry that Collins has overshadowed him, de Valera announces that he will travel to the United States to seek recognition from Woodrow Wilson, and orders Boland to accompany him. Before they depart, Collins informs Boland that de Valera fears leaving them alone together. After returning, de Valera decrees that the IRA must attack The Custom House. Collins argues that fighting conventionally will allow the British to win, but the Irish Cabinet votes to support de Valera. The attack fails catastrophically, leaving six men dead and seventy captured. In the aftermath, Collins declares that the IRA can only hold out for a month. In private, he tells Boland that the IRA will be lucky to hold out for another week. To his shock, however, the British soon call for a cease fire. Collins is ordered to London to participate in negotiations with the British, despite objecting that he is not a diplomat. After the signing of the Anglo-Irish Treaty in December 1921, de Valera erupts upon learning that the terms have been published without his agreement. Collins argues that the Treaty gives them the freedom to achieve the Republic. De Valera and his supporters resign in protest after the Dáil approves the Treaty by 64-57. Both Collins and de Valera try to sway the Irish people in their respective directions. Collins is attacked by an anti-Treaty Republican during a rally, but escapes. In the aftermath, he asks Kitty Kiernan to marry him and she accepts. When the people vote to approve the Treaty, de Valera refuses to accept the results and orders the IRA to seize the Four Courts in Dublin. Ordered by the Cabinet to retake the Four Courts, Collins is appalled at having to fight former comrades. Arthur Griffith, however, informs him that, if the Irish Free State Army will not deal with the IRA, the British Army will. In the subsequent Battle of Dublin, the IRA is driven from the city. Despite Collins\' attempts to capture him, Boland is shot by a sentry while trying to swim the Liffey. Devastated by Boland\'s death, Collins travels to County Cork. He reaches out to de Valera through an intermediary, asking for a peace conference. Without de Valera\'s knowledge, the intermediary informs Collins that de Valera will meet him at Béal na Bláth the following day. As a convoy of Irish Army vehicles approaches, IRA men open fire from a nearby hillside. Collins is shot and killed. Kitty is informed of his death just after trying on her wedding gown. Completing his story, O\'Reilly tells Kitty that Collins would not want her to mourn as long as she has. The film ends with a montage of footage from Collins\' funeral. A eulogy states that, although a career soldier, Collins died in a failed effort to remove the gun from Irish politics.'] ['In Paris in 1890, as crowds pour into the Moulin Rouge nightclub, young artist Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec finishes a bottle of cognac and sketches the dancers as they perform. The nightclub\'s regulars each stop by: singer Jane Avril teases Henri charmingly, dancers La Goulue and Aicha fight, and owner Maurice Joyant offers Henri free drinks for a month in exchange for painting a promotional poster. At closing time, Henri waits for the crowds to disperse before standing to reveal his four-foot, six-inch body. As he walks to his Montmartre apartment, he recalls the events that led to his disfigurement: Henri is a bright, happy child, revered by his father, the Count de Toulouse-Lautrec. When he falls down a flight of stairs, however, his legs fail to heal, a genetic weakness that stems from the fact that his parents are first cousins. His legs stunted and pained, Henri loses himself in his art, while his father soon leaves the countess to ensure they will have no more children. As a young adult, Henri proposes to the woman he loves but, when she tells him no woman will ever love him, he leaves his childhood home in despair to begin a new life as a painter in Paris. Back in the present, street walker Marie Charlet begs Henri to rescue her from police sergeant Patou. Henri wards off the policeman by pretending to be her guardian, after which she insists on following him home. There, she addresses his small stature, and although he is at first angry, he allows her to stay out of his desperate loneliness and is charmed when she claims not to care about his legs. Within days, he is buying her gifts and singing as he paints, until Marie takes his money and stays out all night. Henri waits in agony for her return, but when she finally does he tells her to leave at once. Realizing that he loves her, she vows to stay and love him back. Although she continues to fight petulantly with him, he tells himself that her crassness stems from her poverty and lets her stay. During one fight, however, she announces that he can never attract a real woman and leaves. By morning, she begs him to take her back, but he refuses. He begins drinking and does not stop until his landlady calls his mother, who urges him to save his health by finding Marie. He searches her working-class neighborhood, finally discovering her at a café, where she drunkenly reveals that she stayed with him only to procure money for her boyfriend. When she adds that his touch made her sick, he returns to his apartment and turns on the gas vents. As he sits waiting to die, he is suddenly inspired to finish his Moulin Rouge poster, and, brush in hand, distractedly turns the vents off again. The next day, he brings the poster to the dance hall, and although the style is unusual, Maurice accepts it. Henri works for days at the lithographers, blending his own inks to perfect the vivid colors. When he finishes, the poster, which shows a woman dancing with her legs exposed, becomes an instant sensation and the dance hall opens to high society. The count, however, denounces Henri for the "pornographic" work. Over the next ten years, Henri records Parisian life in countless brilliant paintings. By 1900, he is famous but still terribly lonely. One day, he sees Myriamme Hyam standing on Pont Alexandre III over the Seine River and, thinking she may jump, stops to talk to her. She spurns his advances and throws a key into the water. Days later, Jane, a friend of Myriamme\'s, arranges a meeting for them. Myriamme is a great admirer of Henri\'s paintings, and the two begin to spend time together. Eventually, she reveals that the key she threw out belonged to a married man, Marne de la Voisier, who asked her to be his mistress. Although Henri continues to decry the possibility of true love, he nonetheless falls in love with Myriamme. One day, they see La Goulue on the street drunkenly insisting that she was once a star, and Henri realizes that once the Moulin Rouge became respectable it could no longer be home to misfits. Myriamme later informs Henri that Marne has asked her to marry him. Certain that she loves the more handsome man, he bitingly congratulates her for trapping Marne. Even after she asks if he loves her, Henri believes she is only trying to spare his feelings and lies that he does not. By the time he receives a letter stating that she loves him but cannot wait any longer, she has already left the city and he cannot find her. Weeks later, he is still drinking steadily and reading her note over and over. He is helped home one night by Patou, now an inspector, but once home, Henri, in a state of delirium tremens, hallucinates that he sees cockroaches and, in trying to drive them away, accidentally falls down a flight of stairs. Near death, he is brought to his family home. After the priest reads the last rites, the count tearfully informs Henri that he is to be the first living artist to be shown in the Louvre and begs for forgiveness. Henri turns his head and watches as phantasmal characters from his Moulin Rouge paintings, including Jane Avril, dance into the room to bid him goodbye.'] ['In a Polish shtetl in the early 20th century, a Jewish man tells his wife that he was helped on his way home by Traitle Groshkover, whom he has invited in for soup. She objects, saying Groshkover is dead, and that the visitor must be a dybbuk. Groshkover  arrives and laughs off the accusation, but she plunges an icepick into his chest. Bleeding, he exits into the snowy night.<ref namehttp://www.cinemablend.com/new/Interview-Joel-And-Ethan-Coen-On-A-Serious-Man-15022.html|titlecinemablend.com|accessdate=January 28, 2010}} Larry Gopnik  is a professor of physics whose wife, Judith , abruptly informs him that she needs a get  so she can marry widower Sy Ableman . Three other people live with Larry and Judith. Their son Danny  owes twenty dollars for marijuana to an intimidating Hebrew school classmate, but the bill is hidden in a transistor radio since confiscated by his teacher. Daughter Sarah is always doing her hair. Larry\'s brother, Arthur , sleeps on the couch and spends his free time filling a notebook with "a probability map of the universe." Larry faces an impending vote on his application for tenure, and his department head lets slip that anonymous letters have urged the committee to deny him. Clive Park, a student worried about losing his scholarship, meets with Larry in his office to argue he should not fail the class. After he leaves, Larry finds an envelope stuffed with cash. When Larry attempts to return it, Clive\'s father comes to his house to threaten to sue either for defamation if Larry accuses Clive of bribery, or for keeping the money if he does not give him a passing grade. At the insistence of Judith and Sy, Larry and Arthur move into a nearby motel. Judith has emptied the couple\'s bank accounts, leaving Larry penniless, so he enlists the services of a sympathetic divorce attorney . Larry learns Arthur faces charges of solicitation and sodomy, despite his previous attendance at "mixers." To cope with his streak of unfortunate circumstances, Larry turns to his Jewish faith. The two rabbis he consults are either obtuse, oblivious, or obscure, and his synagogue\'s senior rabbi is never available. Larry\'s mental state reaches a breaking point when he and Sy are involved in seemingly simultaneous, but separate, car crashes. Larry is unharmed, but Sy is killed. At Judith\'s insistence, Larry pays for Sy\'s funeral. Larry is proud and moved by Danny\'s bar mitzvah, unaware of his son\'s distractions from nerves and marijuana. During the service, Judith apologizes to Larry for all the recent trouble and informs him that Sy liked him so much that he even wrote letters to the tenure committee. Danny meets with the senior rabbi in his office, where the old man – who has had Danny\'s transistor radio in his desk – quotes almost verbatim from the Jefferson Airplane song "Somebody To Love". He returns the radio and counsels Danny to "be a good boy." Larry\'s department head compliments him on Danny\'s bar mitzvah and hints that he will win tenure. Upon receiving the bill for Arthur\'s criminal lawyer, Larry decides to pass Clive, whereupon his doctor calls, asking to see him immediately about the results of a chest X-ray. At the same moment, Danny\'s teacher struggles to open the emergency shelter as a massive tornado bears down on the school.'] ['Hannah Senesh was a real-life Hungarian Jew who became a martyr to the cause of freedom during World War II. Though safely living in Palestine at the start of the war, Hannah volunteers to venture behind enemy lines in Europe knowing that in all likelihood, she will die. She is captured, undergoing horrendous tortures before the Germans execute her.'] ["The story begins in frontier-town Nauvoo, Illinois in 1844. It follows the main body of the Church as they are forced to leave Illinois, choosing to settle temporarily in Nebraska and then to travel by wagon train to the Great Basin. Much of the story's plot revolves around two of the group, Johnthan Kent and Zina Webb.http://www.imdb.com/titles/tt003228/ Brigham Young  film page at Internet Movie Database, accessed 13 November 2009"] ["Pusser, at his wife Pauline's behest, retires from the professional wrestling ring and moves back to Tennessee to start a logging business with his father, Carl Pusser. With a friend, he visits a gambling and prostitution establishment, the Lucky Spot, and is beaten up after catching them cheating at craps. Pusser is seriously injured with a knife and receives over 200 stitches. He complains to the sheriff but is ignored, and soon becomes aware of the rampant corruption in McNairy County. Pusser decides to clean up the county and runs for sheriff. Buford Pusser wins, and becomes famous for being incorruptible, intolerant of crime, and for his array of four foot hickory clubs which he uses to great effect in dispatching criminals and destroying their clandestine gambling dens and illegal distilleries. Some residents praise Buford Pusser as an honest cop in a crooked town; others denounce him as a bully willing to break some laws to uphold others. Pusser is attacked several times, and finally he and Pauline are ambushed in their car. Pauline is killed and Pusser is seriously injured. He is admitted to the hospital after being shot and while still in a neck and face cast, rams a sheriff cruiser through the front doors of the Lucky Spot, killing two of his would-be assassins. As he leaves with two deputies, the townspeople arrive and begin throwing the gambling tables out into the parking lot. They light a bonfire as an overwhelmed Pusser wipes tears from his eyes."] ['John McCain flies his jet from a carrier on a bombing mission over Hanoi, Vietnam. As a warning buzzer announces incoming missiles, McCain stays with the bomb drop, but is hit by a missile. He lands in the water and is pulled ashore by an angry mob, and taken prisoner. Asked to give information, he gives out the names of a sports team rather than of his squadron. In flashbacks, his father tells of how his submarine escaped destruction in World War II, and told him not to worry about his grades, as his father and grandfather "really fooled them" by rising to admiral despite doing poorly in school. In prison, McCain sees other prisoners cruelly tortured, while he sees a couple who appear to have decided to cooperate with the enemy. McCain is given a choice to be released early in recognition that his father is commander of US forces in the Pacific, but he refuses, and suffers for it. During a stepped-up bombing campaign, the prisoners sing "Silent Night", after which negotiations result in a release of prisoners and a trip home.'] ['The film identifies what were the markers of Toots\' career as a celebrity restaurateur: Prohibition, the growth of the Mafia, the golden age of baseball, and the death of the saloon scene at in the "serious" atmosphere created by the tumult of the 60s. Throughout the film, there is a feel of romantic nostalgia as all those who are interviewed recall Toots fondly as a lover of New York, at a moment when the city was awash in wealth and celebrity as never before, and that the city’s sizzle was once embodied by a sports bar in Midtown: a place of glamour and egalitarianism, where Joe DiMaggio and Frank Sinatra and Ernest Hemingway rubbed elbows with working stiffs. After deciding to pursue the project, she sent a fax to Walter Cronkite requesting an interview. Two days later Ms. Jacobson got a message: “Kristi, it’s Walter Cronkite. I knew and loved Toots. What can I do to help you?” Soon more friends and admirers of Shor were sitting in front of Ms. Jacobson’s camera, recounting tales of boozy bonhomie: journalists , broadcasters ([[Mike Wallace , athletes . Tom Brokaw signed on as a consulting producer. It turned out that the most difficult interviewee to nail down was her own mother, Kerry Jacobson, one of Shor’s four children with his wife, the former Ziegfeld Follies dancer Marion Shor, known as Baby. In fact, her daughter\'s was the first interview Kerry Jacobson ever consented to oblige. “[Toots\'] children were raised to keep their lives private, not to brag. It just wasn’t [my mother\'s] instinct to talk about, you know, how her dad had turned up at her confirmation with John Wayne.”'] ['Morning Light is a documentary that follows the youngest crew <ref name Roberts | first  Jeremy Wilmot chosen as Morning Light skipper | publisher  April 26, 2007 | url 33026&RequestTimeOut 2008-08-06}}'] ["Unlike the play Joan of Lorraine, which is a drama that shows how the story of Joan affects a group of actors who are performing it, the film is a straightforward recounting of the life of the French heroine. It begins with an obviously painted shot of the inside of a basilica with a shaft of light, possibly descending from heaven, shining down from the ceiling, and a solemn off-screen voice pronouncing the canonization of the Maid of Orleans. Then, the opening page of what appears to be a church manuscript recounting Joan's life in Latin is shown on the screen, while some uncredited voiceover narration by actor Shepperd Strudwick sets up the tale. The actual story of Joan then begins, from the time she becomes convinced that she has been divinely called to save France to her being burnt at the stake at the hands of the English and the Burgundians."] ["The documentary captures the story of blind blues musician Paul Pena. After a brush with fame and success in the 1970s, Pena's fortunes faded as he dealt with career and health problems. While listening to shortwave radio, Pena heard a broadcast of throatsinging, the Tuvan art of manipulating overtones while singing to make higher frequencies more distinguishable, essentially making it possible to sing two notes at once. Pena, over the course of several years, taught himself to throatsing to a very impressive degree. He eventually attended a concert of throatsinging and after the concert impressed one of the throatsingers, Kongar-ool Ondar, who invited him to visit Tuva, a province of Russia, a formerly independent country and the home of throatsinging to sing in the triennial throatsinging festival held there. The entire journey is captured in the documentary, as well as the extraordinary mix of cultures and music."] ['Griet  is a shy girl living in the Dutch Republic in 1665. Her father, a Delftware painter, has recently gone blind, rendering him unable to work and putting his family in a precarious financial situation. Consequently, Griet is sent to work as a maid in the unhappy household of the painter Johannes Vermeer . Griet works hard, almost wordlessly, in the lowest position in a harsh hierarchy, where even one of the Vermeer\'s children treats her spitefully. On a routine shopping trip outside the house, a butcher\'s son, Pieter , is quickly taken with Griet, though she is slow to return his affections. As Griet cleans Vermeer\'s studio, which his wife Catharina  never enters, they become casually acquainted and he encourages her appreciation of painting, light and color. Vermeer gives her lessons in mixing paints and other tasks, taking care to keep this secret from his thin-lipped wife, who would react very jealously if she found out that her husband was spending time with Griet. In contrast, Vermeer\'s pragmatic mother-in-law, Maria Thins , sees Griet as useful to Vermeer\'s career. Vermeer\'s rich patron Van Ruijven  notices Griet on a visit to the Vermeer household and asks the painter if he will give her up to him to work in his own house, a situation which ruined a previous girl. Vermeer refuses, but accepts a commission to paint a portrait of Griet for Van Ruijven. As Vermeer secretly works on the eponymous painting, Catharina\'s growing jealousy of Griet becomes apparent. While Griet suffers through her fascination with Vermeer and his paintings, she also has to fend off Van Ruijven\'s attempt to rape her. Soon afterwards, Catharina\'s mother summons Griet, hands over her daughter\'s pearl earrings and instructs Griet to finish the painting while Catharina is away for the day. At the final painting session Vermeer pierces Griet\'s earlobe so she can wear one of the pearl earrings for the portrait, in the process sexually arousing Griet, who then runs to Pieter to be consoled. In the aftermath, Pieter proposes marriage, but she sadly turns him down. She then returns the earrings to Catharina\'s mother. Catharina discovers that Griet used her earrings, accusing her mother of complicity and orders Vermeer to show her the painting he and Griet have been working on. Heartbroken that Vermeer does not consider her worthy of being painted because she "doesn\'t understand," Catharina tries but fails to destroy the painting, then banishes Griet from the house forever. Vermeer does not object, and Griet leaves the house in shock. Later, Griet is visited by the cook from the house, who comes bearing a gift: a sealed packet containing the blue headscarf she wore in the painting, which is wrapped around Catharina\'s pearl earrings.'] ['The film is presented in a nonlinear narrative, jumping back and forth between McCandless\'s time spent in Alaskan wilderness and his two-year travels leading up to his journey to Alaska. The plot summary here is told in a more chronological order. In May 1992, Christopher McCandless  arrives in a remote area just north of the Denali National Park and Preserve in Alaska and sets up a campsite in an abandoned bus. At first, McCandless is content with the isolation, the beauty of nature around him, and the thrill of living off the land. He hunts wild animals with a .22 caliber rifle, reads books, and keeps a diary of his thoughts as he prepares for himself a new life in the wild. Two years earlier in May 1990, McCandless graduated with high honors from Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia. Shortly afterwards, McCandless rejects his conventional life by destroying all of his credit cards and identification documents. He donates nearly all of his entire savings of $24,000 to Oxfam and sets out on a cross-country drive in his well-used, but reliable Datsun to experience life in the wilderness. However, McCandless does not tell his parents Walt  and Billie McCandless  nor his sister Carine  what he is doing or where he is going, and refuses to keep in touch with them after his departure, leaving them to become increasingly anxious and eventually desperate. At Lake Mead, Arizona, McCandless\' car is caught in a flash flood causing him to abandon it and begin hitchhiking instead. He burns what remains of his dwindling cash supply and assumes a new name: "Alexander Supertramp." In Northern California, McCandless encounters a hippie couple named Jan Burres  and Rainey . Rainey tells McCandless about his failing relationship with Jan, which McCandless would rekindle. By September, McCandless stops in Carthage, South Dakota to work for a contract harvesting company owned by Wayne Westerberg , but he is forced to leave after Westerberg is arrested for satellite piracy. McCandless then travels to the Colorado River and, though told by park rangers that he may not kayak down the river without a license, ignores their warnings and paddles downriver until he eventually arrives in Mexico. There, his kayak is lost in a dust storm and he crosses back into the United States on foot. Unable to hitchhike, he starts traveling on freight trains to Los Angeles, California. Not long after arriving, however, he starts feeling "corrupted" by modern civilization and decides to leave. Later, McCandless is forced to switch his traveling method back to hitchhiking after he is beaten by the railroad police. In December 1991, McCandless arrives at Slab City in the Imperial Valley region of California, and encounters Jan and Rainey again. There, he meets Tracy Tatro , a teenage girl who shows interest in McCandless, but he rejects her because she is underage. After the holidays, McCandless decides to continue heading for Alaska, much to everyone\'s sadness. While camping near Salton City, California, McCandless encounters Ron Franz , a retired man who recounts the story of the loss of his family in a car accident while he was serving in the United States Army. He now occupies his time in a workshop as an amateur leather worker. Franz teaches McCandless the craft of leatherwork, resulting in the making of a belt that details McCandless\' travels. After spending several months with Franz, McCandless decides to leave for Alaska despite Franz\'s upset, who has become quite close to McCandless. On a parting note, Franz gives McCandless his old camping and travel gear along with the offer to adopt him as his grandchild, but McCandless simply tells him that they should discuss this after he returns from Alaska; then departs. Four months later at the abandoned bus, life for McCandless becomes harder and he becomes less discerning. As his supplies begin to run out, he realizes that nature is also harsh and uncaring. In the pain of realization, McCandless concludes that true happiness can only be found when shared with others and seeks to return from the wild to his friends and family. However, he finds that the stream he had crossed during the winter has become wide, deep, and violent due to the thaw, and he is unable to cross. Saddened, he returns to the bus, now as a prisoner who is no longer in control of his fate and can only hope for help from the outside. In a desperate act, McCandless is forced to gather and eat roots and plants, but he confuses similar plants and eat a poisonous one, thus as a result falls sick. Slowly dying, he continues to document his process of self-realization and accepts his fate, as he imagines his family for one last time. He writes a farewell to the world and crawls into his sleeping bag to die. Two weeks later, his body is found by moose hunters. Shortly afterwards, Carine returns her brother\'s ashes by airplane from Alaska to Virginia in her backpack.'] ["Pablo Neruda, the famous Chilean poet and communist, is exiled to a small island in Italy for political reasons. His wife accompanies him. On the island, local Mario Ruoppolo is dissatisfied with being a fisherman like his father. Mario looks for other work and is hired as a temporary postman with Neruda as his only customer. To get the job, he must declare himself a communist to keep the postmaster happy. He uses his bicycle to hand deliver Neruda's mail. Though poorly educated, the postman eventually befriends Neruda and becomes further influenced by Neruda's political views and poetry. Meanwhile, Mario falls in love with a beautiful young lady, Beatrice Russo, who works in her aunt's village cafe. He is shy with her, but he enlists Neruda's help. Mario constantly asks Neruda if particular metaphors he uses are suitable for his poems. Mario is able to better communicate with Beatrice and express his love through poetry. Despite the aunt's strong disapproval of Mario, because of his sensual poetry , Beatrice responds favorably. The two are married. The priest refuses to allow Mario to have Neruda as his best man, due to politics; however, this is soon resolved. This was because Di Cosimo was the politician in office in the area with the Christian Democrats. At the wedding, Neruda receives the welcome news that there is no longer a Chilean warrant for his arrest, so he returns to Chile. Mario writes a letter but never gets any reply. Several months later he receives a letter from Neruda. However to his dismay it is actually from his secretary, asking Mario to send Neruda's old belongings back to Chile. While there Mario comes upon an old phonograph and listens to the song he first heard when he met Neruda. Moved by this he makes recordings of all the beautiful sounds on the island onto a cassette including the heartbeat of his soon-to-be-born child. Several years later, Neruda finds Beatrice and her son, Pablito  in the same old inn. From her, he discovers that Mario had been killed before their son was born. Mario had been scheduled to recite a poem he had composed at a large communist gathering in Naples; the demonstration was violently broken up by the police. She gives Neruda recordings of village sounds that Mario had made for him."] ['Crazy is the story of a legendary guitar player who emerged from Nashville in the 1950s. Blessed with incomparable, natural talent, Hank Garland quickly established his reputation as the finest sessions player in Nashville. Artists such as Roy Orbison, Patsy Cline, The Everly Brothers and Elvis Presley all sought Hank’s brilliant playing for their recordings. Moving effortlessly from country, to rock-a-billy, to jazz, Hank was also quickly recognized by the likes of Dave Brubeck, Gary Burton, Joe Morello and Joe Benjamin. The Nashville scene was a unique place in the 50’s – dominated by a small group of executives and musicians who controlled the studios, labels and unions. Hank, in his arrogance and pursuit of musical excellence, often came into conflict with the business, social and racial culture he found both restrictive and frequently frustrating. Some people say that a near-fatal car accident, which Hank suffered, was a result of tragic response to dreams unfulfilled. Others will say that the subsequent electro-shock therapy, which was ordered by his doctors, may have contributed to ending Hank’s playing career at the age of thirty-one. But forty-three years after Hank disappeared from the music scene, his guitar lives on in a countless number of hit records and one amazing solo jazz effort, "Jazz Winds from a New Direction", a collection of Jazz standards with as bebop and cool sound. Recorded June 23, 1960. Includes original liner notes by John Hammond  Personnel: Hank Garland ; Gary Burton ; Joe Benjamin ; Joe Morello .'] ['The film opens during the Dixie Chicks\' 2003 Top of the World Tour, discussing the Dixie Chicks\' super-star status prior the incident at their London show. They had sold more albums in the United States than any other female band in history. With the release of their 2002 album Home, they were again at the top of the Billboard Charts. The new single from that album "Travelin\' Soldier", a sensitive depiction of a soldier\'s life during the Vietnam War era, and the young woman who waited for him, finding he was killed in battle, had peaked at #1 on the US Billboard Hot Country Songs Chart. The film then cuts to a scene from the Dixie Chicks\' March 10, 2003 concert at the Shepherd\'s Bush Empire Theatre in London, England. The atmosphere in the European audience is of dramatic opposition to the announcement from United States President George W. Bush\'s authorization of the invasion of Iraq. Approximately 1 million people had recently demonstrated in London against the impending war."Thousands more take stand against conflict in demonstrations throughout Britain" The Guardian, 10 March 2003. Access date 15 May 2010. During the introduction to their song "Travelin\' Soldier", Natalie Maines, a Texas native, says: {{cquote}} The Guardian, a major English Newspaper, published Maines\' statement as simply "Just so you know, we\'re ashamed the president of the United States is from Texas.".Campbell, Duncan . "\'Dixie sluts\' fight on with naked defiance" Guardian Unlimited Conservative groups in the U.S. rallied against the Dixie Chicks and a firestorm of anger and criticism followed. The film shows the band\'s reaction to the open hostility, political and corporate backlash, and physical threats directed at the group. The band did not expect such a strong reaction, and they are unsure if they should "shut up and sing", apologize, or stand by their convictions and let more sparks fly. The film follows the day-to-day life of the Chicks. It shows them with their husbands and their children, at home in Texas and in the recording studio in Los Angeles, getting their hair and makeup done before appearances, exchanging ribald remarks with each other, writing song lyrics and working on musical arrangements. Simon Renshaw, the group\'s longtime manager, is the focus of many scenes as he attempts to guide the Chicks through the vicissitudes of the music industry. The title of the film is a lyric from the Dixie Chicks\' 2006 post-controversial single "Not Ready to Make Nice" from the album Taking the Long Way. It was the criticism and hate mail that they received because of their political statements, one of which drew such concern from both the FBI and the Texas Rangers that they advised the Chicks to cancel a concert in Dallas, Texas, and they were shown the original letter that specified a date, time, and location at which lead singer Natalie Maines would be shot dead, unless she "shut up and sang". However, the show took place without incident. Living in a constant state of fear took an emotional toll on the Chicks, in particular because they toured with their children.Cohn, Angel TV Guide Shut Up and Sing Review Retrieved 12 June, 2008 The song, "Not Ready to Make Nice" includes a reference to that very real death threat:  And how in the world can the words that I said  Send somebody so over the edge  That they\'d write me a letter  Saying that I better  shut up and sing or my life will be over?!  Commentator Laura Ingraham coined the phrase &#34;shut up and sing&#34;; it was the title of her 2003 book Shut Up & Sing: How Elites from Hollywood, Politics, and the UN Are Subverting America. The tagline of the film, "freedom of speech is fine as long as you don\'t do it in public", is a reference to a scene in which an interviewed protester says &#34;freedom of speech is fine but by God you don&#39;t do it outside of the country and you don&#39;t do it in mass publicly&#34;.'] ["In 2002, Julie Powell  is a young writer with an unpleasant job at the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation's call center, where she answers telephone calls from victims of the September 11 attacks and members of the general public complaining about the LMDC's controversial plans for rebuilding the World Trade Center. To do something she enjoys, she decides to cook every recipe in Mastering the Art of French Cooking  by Julia Child  in one year; Powell decides to write a blog to motivate herself and document her progress. Woven into the story of Powell's time in Queens in the early 2000s is the story of Child's time in Paris throughout the 1950s, where she attends Le Cordon Bleu to learn French cooking and begins collaborating on a book about French cooking for American housewives. The plot highlights similarities in the women's challenges. Both women receive much support from their husbands, except when Powell's husband becomes fed up with her excessive devotion to her hobby and leaves her for a short time. Eventually, Powell's blog is featured in a story published in The New York Times, after which her project begins to receive the attention of journalists, literary agents, publishers, and a dismissive response from Child herself. Although Child's book is rejected by Houghton Mifflin, it is accepted and published by Alfred A. Knopf. The last scene shows Powell and her husband visiting Child's kitchen at the Smithsonian Institution and Child in the same kitchen receiving a first print of her cookbook and celebrating the event with her husband."] ['The film begins by listing the headlining acts of the Super Rock festival held in Japan in 1984: Scorpions, Whitesnake, and Bon Jovi, all of whom have gone on to sell millions of records, except one: Anvil. Despite their ambition, the Canadian band was unable to achieve the same level of success. Instead, singer and guitarist Steve "Lips" Kudlow drives trucks for Children\'s Choice Catering, delivering food to schools and institutions. Drummer Robb Reiner works in construction. But both would rather be playing on stage at the local sports bar to their small but dedicated group of fans, as shown during a show for Steve\'s 50th birthday party. Steve gets an email from a European fan named Tiziana Arrigoni, who offers to set up a European tour for the band, estimating 1500 Euros per show. The tour has a promising start at the Sweden Rock festival, where the group interacts with Michael Schenker and Carmine Appice, but it quickly goes downhill. Trains are full before the band can buy tickets, they miss travel connections altogether, they get lost in Prague due to language barriers and scuffle with the bar owner who refuses to pay since the band was 2 hours late, they play to mostly empty rooms and complain about the lack of promotion, eventually running out of money and sleeping in a train station. At one point, Robb refuses to perform and announces he\'s quitting from the band, only to be persuaded by Steve to stick it out. The final concert of the tour is the Monsters of Transylvania rock concert, held in a 10,000 seat arena and promising a crowd of 5,000. But only 174 people show up. The band returns to Canada having taken 5 weeks off of work and making no money. Steve describes the financial difficulties that have befallen the band, including his own second mortgage, and bassist Glenn Five\'s homelessness. Guitarist Ivan Hurd ends up marrying Tiziana, and Anvil plays at the wedding reception as a handful of family members watch politely. Robb describes his other passion, painting, focusing on themes of solitude. Steve notes that recent Anvil albums have not been as well written or produced as earlier efforts, such as Metal on Metal, and sends a rough demo tape to the producer of that record, Chris "CT" Tsangarides. CT replies to Steve that he feels the songs have potential, and after a face to face meeting they decide to record their 13th album, This Is Thirteen. The band still needs to raise the £13,000 to finance the recording. He returns to Canada and tries to raise the money as a telemarketer selling sunglasses, but does not make a single sale. Eventually, he borrows the money from his sister Rhonda. The band spends over a month recording in Dover, England. After several stressful weeks of recording, an argument ensues between Steve and Robb over the quality of each other\'s recording takes. The argument turns heated and Robb threatens to quit again, but they are able to reconcile and finish recording the album. Steve and Robb try unsuccessfully to market it to several record labels , but decide to sell the album themselves through internet and concert sales. Despite the lack of major label distribution, Steve considers the recording process and finished album a success, stating that the band was able to stay true to their roots and form/maintain strong relationships with family and friends. Steve receives a phone call asking Anvil to play a concert in Japan. Excitedly, the group returns to the site that marked the highlight of their career. Their spirits are dampened when they realize they are the very first act at a 3-day festival, taking the stage at 11:35 am. Fearing disaster, the group however takes the stage to a large, receptive crowd.'] ["In 1890s San Francisco, boxing is illegal. James J. Corbett , a brash young bank teller, attends a match with his friend Walter Lowrie . When a police raid nets Judge Geary, a member of the board of directors of Corbett's bank, Corbett's fast talking gets his superior out of trouble. The judge is looking to improve the image of boxing by recruiting men from more respectable backgrounds and having them fight under the Marquess of Queensberry rules. He has even imported British coach Harry Watson ([[Rhys Williams  to evaluate prospects. Watson finds that Corbett, raised in a combative Irish immigrant family headed by Pat Corbett , has excellent fighting skills; Geary likes his protégé's seemingly-polished manner. However, Corbett's arrogance irritates many of the upper class, particularly Victoria Ware . They clash frequently, but Corbett is attracted to her, and his limitless self-confidence and charm eventually overcome her distaste for him. Meanwhile, Corbett becomes a professional prizefighter. He acquires a manager, Billy Delaney , and introduces a new, more sophisticated style of boxing, emphasizing footwork over the unscientific brawling epitomized by world champion John L. Sullivan . After winning several matches, Corbett finally gets the opportunity to take on the great man. Corbett's method of boxing baffles Sullivan, and Corbett wins not only the title, but also Victoria. The victory over Sullivan, crowning Corbett as new Heavyweight Champion sets up one of most touching and best acted film scenes in Flynn's career. Corbett's victory party is unexpectedly interrupted by the defeated Sullivan. The former champ has come to personally bestow the championship belt to Corbett. It is Ward Bond's scene, , on paper, but Flynn's masterful underplaying, showing just the right amount of humility and respect for his fallen foe is something to behold and proves beyond a doubt Flynn possessed considerable acting skills."] ["In the film, director Ross McElwee gets married, finally putting an end to his family's worrying; his grandmother dies; his wife Marilyn has a miscarriage; and his father, a medical doctor, dies suddenly within a week of McElwee's wife's miscarriage. His mother had died of cancer ten years earlier and so McElwee returns to his father's house, where his father's housekeeper ministers to him about Christianity and faith. McElwee goes to visit his friend Charleen, who is now living alone in a new apartment. She had lived on an island in an old two-story house abandoned by the U.S. Army; she and her husband worked to restore it and lived together there for years before becoming estranged. Charleen then lived there alone, but on returning home from a trip she finds that her husband has set fire to the house and died downstairs at the grand piano in an arson/suicide. Charleen has her husband's cremated remains in a bag inside a box and tries to get rid of them but can't bring herself to do it. McElwee's brother is a successful doctor; on a visit to his brother's practice, Ross talks with his brother about their father's death, which took them both by surprise. Ross's brother receives a patient who has a large malignant tumor on her breast; the woman has had the tumor for years without seeking medical help. Ross's brother takes a slide of the tumor for his files; it has spread across much of her chest and is both multifaceted and multicolored. Ross incorporates his brother's interview with the woman--and the slide his brother takes--into his film, musing in voiceover about motivation and fatality and marvelling at the power of denial. Eventually Ross abandons the film, only to continue it later: his wife is pregnant. The pregnancy comes to term and Ross and Marilyn go with their baby son to visit Charleen, who criticizes them for bringing children into such a hostile and unpredictable world but speaks to the passion that drives life and procreation. Ross and Marilyn dote on their son and seem largely unbothered by the criticism."] ["The film is a semi-autobiographical account of Makmahlbaf's experience as a teenager when, as a seventeen-year-old, he stabbed a policeman at a protest rally and was jailed. Two decades later, Makhmalbaf made the decision to track down the policeman whom he had injured in an attempt to make amends. A Moment of Innocence is a dramatization of that real event."] ['On May 19, 1927, pilot Charles A. "Slim" Lindbergh  tries to rest in a hotel near Roosevelt Field on Long Island, New York. He has been waiting for a week for the rain to stop so he can attempt the first successful nonstop solo transatlantic flight from New York to Paris. While Lindbergh tries to fall asleep, his friend Frank Mahoney  guards his hotel room door from reporters who have also been waiting for a break in the weather. Unable to sleep, Lindbergh reminisces about his recent days as an airmail pilot flying from St. Louis to Chicago. Flying to Chicago in winter, Lindbergh lands his old de Havilland biplane in a small airfield to refuel. Despite the bad weather, Lindbergh takes off, unaware that the Chicago landing field has closed due to snow. Lindbergh\'s aircraft ices up and stalls, forcing him to parachute out with the mailbag. He continues his journey by train and meets a suspender salesman who tells Lindbergh that two airmen just died competing for the Orteig Prize to be awarded to the first pilots to fly from New York City to Paris , nonstop. From a diner at Lambert Flying Field in St. Louis, Lindbergh calls Columbia Aircraft Corporation in New York City, pretending to represent a group of prominent businessmen. Lindbergh is quoted the price of $15,000  for a Bellanca aircraft. For the next six weeks, Lindbergh presents his idea of entering the competition to St. Louis financiers and prominent St. Louis citizens, explaining he can cross the ocean in 40 hours in a single-engine aircraft if he strips it of all non-essential weight, allowing room for extra fuel tanks. The men are excited by Lindbergh\'s vision and name the aircraft, Spirit of St. Louis. At the request of his backers, Lindbergh travels to San Diego, California to check out a small aircraft factory, Ryan Aeronautical Company. There he meets Mahoney, the president of the company, who promises to build him an aircraft in just 90 days. At the factory, Frank, Lindbergh, and Ryan\'s chief engineer Donald Hall  agree on a design. To decrease weight, Lindbergh refuses to install radios or heavy equipment and plans to navigate by "dead reckoning" . In the race to complete the aircraft ahead of schedule, workers at the factory agree to work 24-hour shifts. Lindbergh learns that two pilots, who were vying for the Orteig Prize, were killed during their flight test. When the Ryan aircraft is complete, Lindbergh flies his new aircraft to St. Louis, and then on to New York. Unable to sleep, Lindbergh leaves his hotel room and goes to Roosevelt Field, where his aircraft is being filled with three hundred gallons of fuel. To decrease weight, he even eliminates the parachute. Because of limited space in the cockpit, the magnetic compass was placed in an awkward position. A young woman offers her mirror, which is then glued into place for the pilot\'s view. When Lindbergh is not watching, Mahoney slips a Saint Christopher medal into the pilot\'s lunch bag. With the weather clearing, Lindbergh and the heavy Spirit of St. Louis trundle down the muddy runway and barely clear the treetops at the end of the field. Every hour, Lindbergh switches fuel tanks to keep the weight load balanced. As he flies over Cape Cod, he realizes he has not slept in 28 hours. He remembers back to times when he slept on railroad tracks, on short bunk beds, and under a windmill. When Lindbergh begins to doze aboard the Spirit of St. Louis, he is awakened by a fly. When he flies over Nova Scotia and sees a motorcyclist below, he remembers his own Harley-Davidson, which he traded for his first aircraft, a war-surplus Curtiss Jenny. As Lindbergh flies over the seemingly endless Atlantic, he remembers barnstorming across the Midwest and performing dangerous stunts in a flying circus. At the 16th hour, as darkness descends, he worries that an engine cylinder might crack from the cold. The sight of a "white ship", which he soon realizes is an iceberg, is evidence that he is near the Arctic Circle. After 18 hours, the aircraft\'s wings ice up and the engine stalls. The Spirit of St. Louis begins to drop, but the ice breaks off in the warmer air and he is able to restart the engine. Back on course, Lindbergh discovers that his compasses are malfunctionings, forcing him to navigate by the stars. By dawn, he is so tired he falls asleep, causing the aircraft to circle and descend, but sunlight reflecting off the mirror awakens him in time to regain control. After Lindbergh sees a seagull and realizes he is close to land, he tries without success to hail a fisherman below. He soon sights land and determines from map features that he has reached Dingle Bay, Ireland. As he reaches for one of his sandwiches, Lindbergh discovers the hidden Saint Christopher medal. Hanging the medal on the instrument panel, he flies on, crossing the English Channel and then up the coast of France, following the Seine to Paris. Once again the engine cuts out, from lack of fuel, but he is able to recover by switching tanks. Evening descends and Lindbergh finally sees the lights of Paris ahead of him. As he approaches Le Bourget Airfield, he is confused by the spotlights. He doesn\'t understand that the strange movements below him are actually crowds of people. Exhausted and panicked, Lindbergh makes his descent whispering a prayer, "Oh, God help me!" After landing, hordes of people rush to Lindbergh, blind him with camera flashes, and carry him off triumphantly to the hangar. Tired and confused, Lindbergh eventually realizes that the crowds are cheering for his great achievement. When Lindbergh returns to New York, he is given a huge parade in his honor.'] ["The film is divided into two sections, the first telling events from Hilary's point of view and the second from Jackie's. It opens with Hilary and Jackie as children being taught by their mother to dance and play musical instruments, the cello for Jackie and the flute for Hilary. Jackie does not take practising seriously at first, but when she does, she becomes a virtuoso, quickly rising to international prominence. Marriage to pianist and conductor Daniel Barenboim follows. Hilary, on the other hand, plays in a community orchestra and marries Christopher Finzi, the son of composer Gerald Finzi. The film, though focused primarily on Jacqueline, is ultimately about the relationship between the two sisters and their dedication to one another; to help Jacqueline through a nervous breakdown and in the interest of therapy, Hilary consents to Jacqueline having an affair with her  husband. The last quarter of the movie chronicles in detail the last fifteen years of Jacqueline's life: she is diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, loses control of her nervous system, becomes paralyzed, goes deaf and mute, and finally dies. The film ends with Jacqueline's spirit standing on the beach where she used to play as a child, watching herself and her sister frolicking in the sand as little girls."] ['The Charles Bukowski Tapes are an altogether more than four hours long collection of 52 short-interviews with the American cult author Charles Bukowski, sorted by topic and each between one and ten minutes long. Director Barbet Schroeder ([[Barfly  interviews Bukowski about such themes as alcohol, violence, and women, and Bukowski answers willingly, losing himself in sometimes minute-long monologues. Amongst other things, Bukowski leads the small camera team through his parents’ house and his former neighbourhood, but the largest part of the interviews takes place in Bukowski’s flat or backyard. The documentary includes a scene in which Bukowski reacts violently toward his wife Linda Lee.'] ["The film begins two years before the African-American Darnellia Russell attends the predominantly white and upper-class Roosevelt High School. Bill Resler, a tax law professor at the University of Washington, becomes their new girls basketball coach. Resler, a coach who uses animal and nature themes to motivate his team, believes they can win the Washington State championship but they fall short in the first game of the state tournament. A couple of years later, Darnellia attends Roosevelt High School where she makes the junior-varsity team. Learning of her natural talent, Resler recruits her for the varsity squad. In the following years, the talented Roosevelt team falls short of winning the state championship in close games. Darnellia receives letters of interest from several major universities. However, after her junior year, Darnellia becomes pregnant by her longtime boyfriend and drops out of school. After giving birth to a daughter, Darnellia returns to Roosevelt for her fifth year. The WIAA  bans Russell from playing basketball due to a rule that states that high school students can only play on their teams for four years, unless a hardship is involved. Darnellia, believing that having an unplanned child constitutes a hardship, appeals the decision. Attorney Ken Luce represents Darnellia in court and a judge rules in Darnellia's favor. The WIAA takes the matter to court again, and for the second time the judge grants Darnellia the right to continue playing. However, the WIAA files a lawsuit against Darnellia and Roosevelt High School. In defiance of the WIAA, the Roughriders continue to play with Darnellia on the team. Darnellia and her team return to the Washington State high school basketball championship tournament and play their rivals, the Garfield Bulldogs in the finals. Darnellia leads the team to the school's first state championship. Two days later, the WIAA dropped their case. Darnellia graduates from high school with honors and is named the Northwest Player of the Year. Although Darnellia didn't receive any college scholarships, she attended North Seattle Community College."] ["Narrated by Carl Colby, son of the late Director of Central Intelligence William E. Colby, The Man Nobody Knew traces the elder Colby's career in the U.S. intelligence community, along with and in contrast to his home life, including the secrets he kept from his family.{{cite video}}<ref nameThe Man Nobody Knew: In Search of My Father, CIA Spymaster William Colby |authorhttp://www.huffingtonpost.com/carl-colby/william-colby_b_970620.html |work19 September 2011 |accessdate=21 September 2011}}"] ['The film shows Peter Sellers as a complex and tormented genius,Rottentomatoes reviews and shows the many masks he wore and characters he played as an actor.Drax Review The role of Sellers was acted by Geoffrey Rush, "who approached the role with the enthusiasm of a hungry child in a candy store," notes a reviewer.Smith, Danny. "Giving Peter Sellers a Chance: Danny Smith talks to Jerzy Kosinski", Third Way, Feb. 1981 pp. 22-23 and in a BBC interview in 1971, Sellers himself said that more than anything else, he wanted to play the role of Chance. Being There  is shown to be the one film about which Sellers was truly passionate since it gave him an opportunity to display his skills as an actor, not just as a comedian . Sellers is also shown aspiring to be a leading man in the James Bond satire Casino Royale which prompts ridicule from the film\'s crew.'] ['The New York Times wrote this summary overview: "Dana Delany stars in this made-for-TV movie as Margaret Sanger, a nurse who, in 1914, became a pioneering crusader for women\'s reproductive rights after she published a booklet on birth control techniques that flew in the face of a law established by Anthony Comstock  forbidding the dissemination of information on contraception. Sanger later helped to establish America\'s first birth control clinic in 1916, and in 1925 was one of the founders of Planned Parenthood."{{cite news}}'] ['Bukowski\'s book, which is also titled Factotum, was published in 1975. The book and the film both center on the character of Henry Chinaski, Bukowski’s alter ego, who appears in much of his fiction. Although the book takes place in the 1940s in Los Angeles, the film is contemporary, and although it clearly is supposed to take place in an American city, the exact city is never specified. In the film, Chinaski  is working toward becoming a writer and follows his own advice, quoting from one of Bukowski\'s own poems, "Roll The Dice," that "If you\'re going to try, go all the way." The film follows Chinaski as he works and gets fired from various, low-level jobs  while befriending various people including a co-worker, Manny , who shares his love of gambling at the racetrack, and a couple of women he meets at bars. The first woman that we see Chinaski meet in a bar, and who ends up being his most consistent companion throughout the film, is Jan , who, like Chinaski, is also an alcoholic. Soon after meeting Chinaski, she moves in with him in his cheap apartment, and becomes his lover and drinking partner. They co-exist comfortably in squalor until Chinaski becomes upset with Jan after discovering that he\'s contracted an STD from her. Then after Chinaski starts a new job, Jan gets upset with him and starts a fight, arguing that he\'s becoming "more respectable" and conformist. They break up after the fight, deciding that their relationship has become boring and predictable and that they no longer really need each other. While he\'s unemployed again and trying to score his next drink, he meets another female barfly, Laura , who feels sorry for Chinaski and helps him procure alcohol with the help of her wealthy "sugardaddy," an eccentric older man named Pierre. After a strange misadventure on Pierre\'s boat, Chinaski briefly returns to Jan whom Chinaski eventually tracks down at a hotel where she\'s working as a maid. However, by the film\'s end, Chinaski finds that he\'s most comfortable being alone with just his alcohol and his writing to keep him company.'] ['The film begins in 2010, with a 65-year-old Howard Marks going onto a stage in front of a packed theater to great applause. Marks asks if there are any plain-clothes policemen sat in the audience, to which the reply is negative. Then, whilst lighting up a joint, Marks asks "who here is a marijuana smoker?", to even greater applause. The film then diverts into Marks\' internal monologue as he recounts his life. Born in the Welsh valleys in 1945, young Howard Marks  - nicknamed Mr. Nice - excels academically to much higher than the national standard of the United Kingdom. This remarkable aptitude earns him a scholarship to Oxford University at nineteen years old, reading philosophy and physics, but Mark\'s destiny changes forever one night when dutifully studying alone in his dorm. A beautiful, rebellious and hedonistic foreign exchange student from Latvia, Ilze Kadegis  - breaks into Marks\' room, looking for a secret passageway within. Marks follows Kadegis through the secret passageway and into a forgotten storage space used by one of the school\'s top marijuana dealers, Graham Plinson . Kadegis seduces Marks, and introduces him to cannabis for the first time. For the next few years, Marks becomes an enthusiastic customer of Plinson\'s, and continues his love affairs with both Kadegis and cannabis; the group enjoy a series of wilder and wilder nights, with their academic lives suffering as a result. Circumstances change for the worse when Plinson introduces the group to LSD. When rich heir Joshua Macmillan, a friend of Marks\', dies of overdose, and Marks impales his foot on a spike, Marks vows off ever touching drugs again - or at least the harder variety of drugs. The trio of Marks, Kadegis and Plinson promise to each other to turn over a new leaf, and they pass their scholarships through some intense last-minute revision, and a little cheating. They then all move onto teacher training jobs at the University of London in 1967, where Marks hastily marries Kadegis. Fractures begin appearing in the early stages of the marriage, with Marks becoming despondent, apathetic, and suspecting Kadegis of having an affair. What\'s more, Marks gets into trouble at the London University for "having long hair and flashy suits". When plans to bring a large cache of hashish into England via Germany go wrong with Plinson getting arrested, Marks steps in to help - figuring he has nothing left to lose anyway. Marks goes to Germany and drives the car with the stash inside across the borders himself, simply driving through customs. The customs officers are on the lookout for Plinson\'s crew, but do not know Marks, who sails through without incident. Marks says the thrill of getting away with it was like "religious flash and an asexual orgasm". When selling the hashish back in London to an Arab oil sheik named Saleem Malik , Marks makes a fortune, and swifty becomes addicted to this new but dangerous lifestyle as a big league marijuana trafficker - eventually running a large percentage of the world\'s cannabis. It is a path that will lead Marks face-to-face with terrorists, government agents, and lose him his freedom to one of the toughest prisons in the United States in 1988, through to the present day as a media personality and cult hero.'] ["Trouble the Water opens the day the filmmakers meet 24-year-old aspiring rap artist and ex-drug dealer Kimberly Rivers Roberts and her husband Scott at a Red Cross shelter in central Louisiana, then flashes back two weeks, with Kimberly turning her new video camera on herself and her neighbors trapped in their Ninth Ward attic as the storm rages, the levees fail and the flood waters rise. Weaving 15 minutes of Roberts' ground zero footage shot the day before and the morning of the storm, with archival news segments, other home video, and verité footage they filmed over two years, director/producers Tia Lessin and Carl Deal document the journey of a young couple living on the margins who survive the storm and seize a chance for a new beginning. Trouble the Water explores issues of race, class, and the relationship of government to its citizens, issues that continue to haunt America, years after the levees failed in New Orleans."] ["The drama is about George Washington crossing the Delaware River and the Battle of Trenton during the American Revolutionary War. The film opens with the retreat of the Continental Army across New Jersey after repeated losses and defeats during the campaign of 1776. After the army narrowly escapes across the river to the Pennsylvania shore, Washington, realizing that something must be done or the Revolution will collapse, conceives a plan to cross the river and conduct a surprise attack on the Hessian garrison at Trenton. Despite their own fatigue and the winter weather, Washington manages to lift his weary soldiers' spirits, allowing the army to cross the river on Christmas night. The crossing is done in one night, allowing the troops to attack Trenton at eight o' clock on December 26, 1776, and gains a stunning victory, capturing almost all the Hessians to their own advantage."] ['The film details the experiences of "the greatest Internet pioneer you\'ve never heard of,"<ref namehttp://www.weliveinpublicthemovie.com |titleWeliveinpublicthemovie.com |date2009-10-20}} Josh Harris. The dot.com millionaire founded Pseudo.com, the first Internet television network during the infamous tech boom of the late \'90s. After achieving prominence amongst the Silicon Valley set, Harris became interested in controversial human experiments which tested the effects of media and technology on the development of personal identity. Ondi Timoner documented the major business-related moments of Harris\'s life for more than a decade, setting the tone for her documentary of the virtual world and its supposed control of human lives.<ref namehttp://blog.wired.com/underwire/2009/01/enduring-a-tota.html |titleBlog.wired.com |date2009-10-20 |firstWallace}} The pièce de résistance was a Japanese-style capsule hotel outfitted with cameras in every pod, and screens that allowed each occupant to monitor the other podshttp://www.radaronline.com/from-the-magazine/2008/01/josh_harris_we_live_in_public_operator_11_01-print.php{{dead link}} The film\'s website describes how, "With Quiet, Harris proved how, in the not-so-distant future of life online, we will willingly trade our privacy for the connection and recognition we all deeply desire. Through his experiments, including another six-month stint living under 24-hour live surveillance online which led him to mental collapse, he demonstrated the price we will all pay for living in public." "He climbs into the TV set and he becomes the rat in his own experiment at this point, and the results don\'t turn out very well for him{{cite web}}.," says Timoner of the six month period Harris broadcast his life in his NYC loft live online. "He really takes the only relationship that he\'s ever had that was close and intimate and beaches it on 30 motion-controlled surveillance cameras and 66 invasive microphones. I mean his girlfriend who signed on to it thinking it would be fun and cool, and that they were living a fast and crazy Internet life, she ended up leaving him. She just couldn\'t be intimate in public. And I think that\'s an important lesson; the Internet, as wonderful as it is, is not an intimate medium. It\'s just not. If you want to keep something intimate and if you want to keep something sacred, you probably shouldn\'t post it." The film includes commentary from internet personalities Chris DeWolfe, Jason Calacanis, Douglas Rushkoff, and venture capitalist Fred Wilson as well as artists and producers involved in the "Quiet: We Live in Public" event V. Owen Bush, Jeff Gompertz, Leo Fernekes, Feedbuck, Leo Koenig, Gabriella Latessa, Alex Arcadia, Zeroboy, Alfredo Martinez, and others.'] ["Told in a segmented fashion, the film opens as Caravaggio  dies from lead poisoning while in exile, with only his long-time deaf-dumb companion Jerusaleme ([[Spencer Leigh   by his side. Caravaggio thinks back to his life as a teenage street ruffian  who hustles and paints. While taken ill and in the care of priests, young Caravaggio catches the eye of Cardinal Del Monte . Del Monte nurtures Caravaggio's artistic and intellectual development but also appears to molest him. As an adult, Caravaggio still lives under the roof and paints with the funding of Del Monte. Caravaggio is shown employing street people, drunks and prostitutes as models for his intense, usually religious paintings . He is depicted as frequently brawling, gambling, getting drunk and is implied to sleep with both male and female models, including the male Jerusaleme and the female contortionist Pipo . In the art world, Caravaggio is regarded as vulgar and entitled due to his Vatican connections. One day, Ranuccio , a street fighter for pay, catches Caravaggio's eye as a subject and potential lover. Ranuccio also introduces Caravaggio to his girlfriend Lena , who also becomes an object of attraction and a model to the artist. When both Ranuccio and Lena are separately caught kissing Caravaggio, each displays jealousy over the artist's attentions. One day, Lena announces she is pregnant  and will become a mistress to the wealthy Scipione Borghese . Soon, she is found murdered by drowning. As the weeping Ranuccio looks on, Caravaggio and Jerusaleme clean Lena's body. Caravaggio is shown painting Lena after she dies and mournfully writhing with her nude body. Ranuccio is arrested for Lena's murder, although he claims to be innocent. Caravaggio pulls strings and goes to the Pope himself to free Ranuccio. When Ranuccio is freed, he tells Caravaggio he killed Lena so they could be together. In response, Caravaggio cuts Ranuccio's throat, killing him. Back on his deathbed, Caravaggio is shown having visions of himself as a boy and trying to refuse the last rites offered him by the priests. In keeping with Caravaggio's use of contemporary dress for his Biblical figures, Jarman intentionally includes several anachronisms in the film that don't fit with Caravaggio's life in the 16th century. In one scene, Caravaggio is in a bar lit with electric lights. Another character is seen using an electronic calculator. Car horns are heard honking outside of Caravaggio's studio and in one scene Caravaggio is seen leaning on a green truck. Cigarette smoking and the use of a manual typewriter also feature in the film."] ['Jerry Lee Lewis  plays piano  during rock \'n\' roll\'s early years from 1956 to 1958. Jerry Lee is a man with many different sides: a skilled performer with little discipline, and an alcoholic. As Jerry Lee rises to the top of the charts with such hits as "Crazy Arms", "Whole Lotta Shakin\' Goin On", and "Great Balls of Fire", he falls in love with Myra Gale Brown , the 13-year-old daughter of his first cousin  J. W. Brown ([[John Doe , and eventually marries her, ([[elopement , much to the anger and chagrin of her parents. A subplot deals with Jerry Lee\'s relationship with another cousin, evangelist Jimmy Swaggart , who, during this period, was a struggling Pentacostal preacher. Jimmy\'s career kept him in constant conflict with his cousin\'s wild rock \'n\' roll career and brings out some uncomfortable exchanges between the two. The now-financially successful Jerry Lee buys a new car and gives it to his cousin, and when Jimmy praises the Lord for the gift, Jerry Lee replies, "Don\'t thank Jesus, thank Jerry Lee Lewis!" While Jerry Lee is touring in England, a British reporter discovers he is married to his teenage cousin. Jerry Lee is then condemned as a child molester and a pervert by the public. As a result, his British tour is cancelled and he is deported from England. It doesn\'t diminish Jerry Lee\'s confidence that his career will continue. However, the scandal follows him back to the States. Jerry Lee resigns to alcoholism when record sales and concert attendances are significantly down. He is furious when requested to print a public apology in Billboard and becomes increasingly abusive toward Myra. It was during one of these abusive episodes that Myra informs Jerry Lee that she is pregnant, and he collapses into Myra\'s arms, crying hysterically. Jerry Lee and Myra attend a church service conducted by Swaggart. When Jimmy offers one more chance to become saved and get right with God, Jerry Lee again refuses, declaring, "If I\'m going to hell, I\'m going there playing the piano!" The caption preceding the closing credits reads, "Jerry Lee Lewis is playing his heart out somewhere in America tonight."'] ["Three college students drive to the Bluff, an Atlanta neighborhood, intending to buy some drugs from a dealer. One of the students holds a camera with the hope of filming the encounter. They find a dealer named Curtis Snow, who asks them to drive him to his house in order to fulfill their order. Once they arrive, Curtis pulls out a gun, robs them of their purses and camera, and makes a hasty escape. Recognizing the quality of the camera, he hands it to one of his friends, telling him to continue filming in order to capture their day-to-day life in the “hood”. Curtis soon learns that another group of people have encroached on his territory, selling drugs not far from his street. He recruits his friends and robs the rivals of their drug supply. When a friend tips him off to another gang selling drugs nearby, he invades their house with the help of his friend and robs them of their supply as well. While playing at a pool hall, Curtis recognizes one of the rival gang members by his familiar white hat, who likewise takes note of Curtis. The man in the white hat follows Curtis into his territory, asking the locals about him, but the surface threat doesn't faze Curtis and he continues to hustle. On his way back home after cutting the latest stolen product with his crew, Curtis is ambushed in a backyard alleyway by the rival gang members. Luckily the bullet wounds are not fatal and the ambusher's gun jams, allowing Curtis to flee. He collapses in the street nearby, where he is found by a police patrol and subsequently arrested in connection with a prior robbery. After his release from jail, Curtis is anxious to get right back into the drug dealing game. He attempts to get revenge by ambushing the rival gang, but in retaliation, they target his girlfriend and mother of his child. Her death causes Curtis to sink into depression, as he now has to take care of his young son while continuing to deal drugs. Soon after, however, Curtis meets a friend to discuss up-to-date information on a mark. En route to shakedown this dealer, the car that they're in is once again ambushed by rival gang members. Curtis and his crew return fire then give chase only to be intercepted by cops, causing everyone to bail on foot. Returning home after losing the police, Curtis is enraged by the turn of events and ransacks a room, then quietly watches his son play in the debris. The movie ends with Curtis calling a local video editing studio and asking them if they can edit together all the footage he has collected."] ['The film follows 8 of the top high school basketball players in the US at the time of filming, in 2006. The plot centers around the first annual Boost Mobile Elite 24 Hoops Classic at the legendary Rucker Park in Harlem. By 2009, six of the eight players had joined NBA teams. By 2011, all eight players were on NBA teams, with Kyle Singler being the last one drafted and the only one to win an NCAA Championship, which he won while playing for Duke University in 2010.'] ["A chronicle of Hind Husseini's effort to establish an orphanage in Jerusalem after the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, the Deir Yassin Massacre,{{cite web}} and the establishment of the state of Israel.{{Citation needed}}. Jerusalem, 1948. On her way to work, Hind Husseini  comes across 55 orphaned children in the street. She takes them home to give them food and shelter. Within six months, 55 had grown to almost 2,000, and the Dar Al-Tifel Institute was born. In 1978, at the age of 5, Miral  was sent to the Institute by her father following her mother's death. Brought up safely inside the Institute's walls, she is naïve to the troubles that surround her. Then, in 1988, at the age of 15, she is assigned to teach at a refugee camp where she is awakened to the reality of the Palestinian refugees. When she falls for Hani, a militant, she finds herself torn between the First Intifada of her people and Mama Hind's belief that education is the road to peace."] ["Based on a true story, this musical drama sweeps through a turbulent 40 years in popular singer Marika Ninou's  life – and in the history of Greece – starting with the singer's birth in Smyrna, Turkey in 1917. Ninou was deported to Greece along with all the other Greeks in Smyrna when she was seven years old, and a few years later, her parents started a career as a musician and a singer in a nightclub/bar. In the short space of one decade, Ninou witnesses her father murder her mother, runs away from home, has a baby, and comes back to the nightclub to sing in an act with a childhood friend and a bouzouki player, Babis. Success finally comes, but then Ninou's childhood friend is exiled for political reasons, and she and Babis leave for other venues. Although Ninou carries a torch for Babis, their relationship never seems to work out, and after many years and World War II go by, she sends her daughter away to a convent school and goes on a tour in America."] ['In the early 1900s, actor Lon Chaney  is working in vaudeville with his wife Cleva . Chaney quits the show and Cleva announces that she is pregnant. Lon is happy and tells Cleva that he has been hired by the famous comedy team Kolb and Dill for an upcoming show. Cleva pressures Lon to visit his parents  in his hometown of Colorado Springs. Lon is reluctant because his parents are both deaf mutes, a fact Lon has never shared. Cleva reacts with disgust and does not want to give birth, fearing that the child will also be a deaf mute and she doesn\'t want to be the mother of a "dumb thing." Months later, the baby Creighton is born and it soon becomes clear that the child is not deaf. Despite this good news, Lon\'s and Cleva\'s marriage continues to erode over the next few years. Soon she takes a job as a singer in a nightclub, dropping young Creighton off to his father backstage at his theater before being driven to work. Lon has developed a close but platonic friendship with chorus girl Hazel Hastings . Hazel is happy to help look after young Creighton. After the child gets sick at the theater, Lon complains to Cleva\'s employer, who reluctantly agrees to terminate her. When confronting his wife in her dressing room, Lon discovers that Cleva has been dating Bill, a wealthy patron. Cleva learns she\'s been fired and reacts by screaming, which causes Bill to enter the dressing room. Bill comforts her and then asks Lon who he is. Lon responds by telling Bill that he is from the collection agency, and that he is here to collect his wife. Bill looks at Cleva with contempt and walks away. Lon returns to the theater, where he discovers Hazel being accosted in the corridor by a tall, thin man. Lon punches the man in the face and tells him to get up. Hazel explains that he can\'t and the man lifts up his trousers to the knee, revealing two wooden legs. He is Carl Hastings, her former husband, once rational, but now consumed with bitterness as the result of his accident. Cleva enters the dressing room to find Lon with his hands on Hazel\'s shoulders. Cleva screams that she will not go back to being a "nurse maid" so that he can play around with a chorus girl. Cleva leaves home and vanishes. Days later, Lon is performing a dance routine in clown makeup at a matinee when a totally deranged Cleva walks on stage and swallows a bottle of acid in front of an audience, permanently damaging her vocal cords. Cleva is hospitalized, but runs away once more. The scandal essentially destroys Lon\'s career in vaudeville. The state takes custody of young Creighton as they deem his home situation to be unsuitable, causing Lon to react angrily. On the advice of press agent Clarence Locan , Lon moves to Hollywood to try his luck in the new field of motion pictures. After starting as an extra, Lon\'s tireless work ethic, and his expertise at makeup, make him an in-demand bit player and later a feature player. Lon is cast in the silent film The Miracle Man as a man thought to be physically challenged who is seemingly cured by a faith healer. His success starts him on the road to stardom in such films as The Hunchback of Notre Dame and The Phantom of the Opera. As his career soars, Lon face personal challenges. Although he marries Hazel and regains custody of Creighton, ex-wife Cleva reappears, seeking to spend time with Creighton . Hazel reveals the truth to Creighton, who leaves to stay with his mother, angry with Lon about the deception. Lon becomes ill on the set of the sound version of The Unholy Three and is diagnosed with bronchial cancer. Hazel and Locan decide to  hide the truth of his condition from him. Creighton  reconciles with his father and they take a fishing trip at Lon\'s mountain cabin. After returning from his fishing trip, Lon collapses and is returned home to live out his final days. On his deathbed, the dying Chaney  reverts to the sign language of his childhood to express his love for his friends and family and to ask for forgiveness for unspecified transgressions. Lon signals Creighton to bring him his makeup box. He removes a stick of greasepaint and ads a "Jr." to his own name on the box, signaling to his son his desire for him to carry on his life\'s work. Creighton leaves with box in hand, ready to start his film career as Lon Chaney, Jr.'] ["The Whales of August tells the story of two elderly widowed sisters near the end of their lives, spending a summer in a seaside house in Maine. The surroundings cause them to recall their relationship as young women, and the summers they had enjoyed there in the past. They reflect on the passage of time, and the bitterness, jealousies and misunderstandings that slowly festered over the years and kept them from establishing a true closeness in their relationship. Libby, played by Davis, is the more infirm of the two sisters, and her nature has become bitter and cold as a result. Sarah, played by Gish, is a softer and more tolerant character, intent on nursing her sister through her discomfort and trying to breach the gulf that has grown between them. The resentment that Libby so clearly displays to her stifles Sarah's every attempt at making a friendly overture towards her, and Sarah cautiously retreats from her. Maranov  is a fisherman who provides a romantic interest for Sarah, and helps her to recall the happiness of her youth, while also reminding her of the marriage and husband that she has lost. Tisha  is a vivacious lifelong friend who provides common sense, fun and laughter, and is the catalyst for some of the sisters' conversations and revelations. In flashbacks, actresses Margaret Ladd, Mary Steenburgen and Tisha Sterling  play respectively Libby, Sarah, and Tisha as young women."] ['The film\'s action takes place during the late 12th century, about 100 years after the 1066 Norman Conquest of England. The conquest largely removed the native  ruling class, replacing it with a foreign, French-speaking monarchy, aristocracy, and clerical hierarchy. The story line monitors the transformation of Thomas Becket, portrayed, following the play, as a Saxon protégé and facilitator to the carousing King Henry, into a man who continually invokes the "honor of God". Henry appoints Becket as Archbishop of Canterbury in order to have a close confidant in this position that he could completely control. Instead, Becket becomes a major thorn in his side in a jurisdictional dispute. Much of the plot concerns Henry, the "perennial adolescent" as described by the Bishop of London, who finds his duties as king and his stale arranged marriage to be oppressive. Early in the film, we see him escaping them through drunken forays onto the hunting grounds and local brothels. He is increasingly dependent on Becket, a Saxon commoner, who arranges these debaucheries when he is not busy running Henry\'s court. This foments great resentment on the part of Henry\'s Norman noblemen, who distrust and envy this Saxon upstart, as well as the queen and queen mother, who see Becket as an unnatural and unseemly influence upon the royal personage. Henry finds himself in continuous conflict with the elderly Archbishop of Canterbury, who opposes the taxation of Church property in order to support Henry\'s military campaigns in France . During one of his campaigns in coastal France, he receives word that the old bishop has "gone to God\'s bosom". In a burst of inspiration, Henry exercises his prerogative to pick the next Archbishop and informs an astonished Becket that he is the royal choice. Shortly thereafter, Becket sides with the Church, throwing Henry into a fury. One of the main bones of contention is Thomas\' excommunication of Lord Gilbert, one of Henry\'s most loyal stalwarts, for seizing and ordering the killing of a priest who had been accused of sexual indiscretions with a young girl, before the priest can even be handed over for ecclesiastical trial. Gilbert then refuses to acknowledge his transgressions and seek absolution. The King has a dramatic secret meeting with the Bishop of London in his cathedral . He lays out his plan to remove the troublesome cleric through scandal and innuendo which the position-conscious Bishop of London quickly agrees to . These attempts fall flat when Becket, in full ecclesiastic garb, confronts his accusers outside the rectory and routs them causing Henry to laugh and bitterly note the irony of it all, "Becket is the only intelligent man in my entire kingdom...and he is against me!" Becket escapes to France where he encounters the conniving yet sympathetic King Louis . King Louis sees in Becket a means by which he can further his favorite pastime, tormenting the arrogant English. Becket gets to Rome, where he begs the Holy Pontiff to allow him to renounce his position and retire to a monastery as an ordinary priest. The Vatican is a hotbed of intrigue and political jockeying. The Pope reminds Becket that he has an obligation as a matter of principle to return to England and take a stand against civil interference in Church matters. Becket yields to this decision and asks Louis to arrange a meeting with Henry on the beaches at Normandy. Henry asks Becket whether or not he loved him and Becket replied that he loved Henry to the best of his ability. A shaky truce is declared and Becket is allowed to return to England. The remainder of the film shows Henry rapidly sinking into drunken fixation over Becket and his perceived betrayal. The barons worsen his mood by pointing out that Becket has become a folk hero among the vanquished Saxons who are ever restive and resentful of their Norman conquerors. There are comical fights between Henry and his frumpy consort, Eleanor of Aquitaine, his dimwitted son/heir apparent, and his cold-blooded mother, who repeatedly reminds her son that his father would have quickly had someone like Becket done away with for the sake of the realm. During one of his drunken rages he asks "Will no one rid me of this meddlesome priest?" His faithful barons hear this and proceed quickly to Canterbury, where they put Thomas and his Saxon deputy, Brother John, to the sword. A badly shaken Henry then undergoes a penance by whipping at the hands of Saxon monks. The film concludes with Henry, fresh from his whipping, publicly proclaiming Thomas Becket a saint and that the ones who had killed him will be justly punished.'] ["Thomas Jane plays Neal Cassady, a beatnik who is partly responsible for bringing together many of the famous beat generation figures. Neal is a unique soul, poetic and a dreamer. But he is caught between the excitement of the life of a drifter and the chance of a traditional home. Told from Neal's perspective, in a form of a letter, it follows his life before and after the suicide attempt by his longtime love, Joan  and how it altered him. Demonstrating Neal's active mind and ever changing thoughts, the film jumps back and forth between before and after the attempt. During the credits, as Neal starts to write his letter, the viewer experiences his odd attention span and his schizophrenic like ability to talk to himself. The story begins the day of Joan's suicide attempt, with Neal sitting in the hall outside Joan’s hospital room, his normally happy, excited personality replaced by sadness. He enters her room and onto her hospital bed, being close and making her feel better. It is an intimate but awkward moment. It then jumps to the day before the suicide attempt, where a rain soaked Neal whisks Joan away from her job. They have an intimate night together. After, she sits on the bed, sad, but Neal keeps professing his love to her. It again returns to the hospital room, silence between them. Neal is told he has to leave. Working the night shift at a tire plant with Jerry , an older man, quiet and reserved. During their “lunch” shift, Neal tells Jerry about trying to get on the day shift, but couldn’t because it was about seniority issue. He asks Jerry why he doesn’t go for the day shift, since he’s been around for years. Jerry responds to his repeated questioning telling Neal “a man’s got his reasons. Remember and respect that.“ He tells him the dream he had, where he was wearing a suit and having children. Neal goes to a local pool hall to meet a friend, Harry . Ever the ladies’ man, Neal asks to meet the girls and instantly they are smitten. Playing a game of pool, Harry asks about Joan and Neal says she’s hanging in there. Back to the night of the suicide, Neal sleeps as Joan lays awake. While Neal slept, she went into the bathroom. Afterward, Neal discovers her in the bathroom, screaming out at seeing her lifeless body. It cuts back to the hospital hallway, Neal sitting on the floor. He tells the nurse he just can’t go into the room. Neal stands up and walks down the hall and leaves, never to return to the hospital, but always in his thoughts. The story moves ahead, with Ben  visiting Neal, waking him to tell him about the fabulous story of how he got a loaf of bread for saving a lady’s cat. He then asks Neal if he has been back to the hospital to which Neal replies no. It cuts ahead to Neal wide awake, drinking coffee and eating bread with Ben. In a manic state, Neal, speaking a mile a minute, tells Ben about the story he has come up with, to write about. Next it moves through Neal doing various things: sitting, talking to himself, writing and working out. They return to the pool hall where Harry suggests the two of them take the girls out on a road trip in a stolen car. Neal tells of how over his life, he must have stolen over 500 cars. They all drive out into the country, flying down the roads. Neal and one girl go out into the woods together and Harry and the other stay in the car. Back at the tire plant, Jerry finds Neal obviously high. He saves Neal from getting in trouble. That winter, Neal is with Jerry during their break. He asks again of why Jerry is working the tire plant with him. Jerry tells him that he started on days until his wife died in an accident. Jerry tells him he can’t sleep at night because of the creaking so he works nights because it’s quiet, with the exception of Neal. He shows Neal a picture of his wife and his daughter who he hasn’t seen in a while. Neal is moved at the luckiness of having his daughter. Playing football with Ben, Neal barely pays attention, constantly telling him about Jerry’s life with much enthusiasm. About two months after leaving the hospital, Neal is out at a bar with Harry, where Neal meets a beautiful woman, Lizzy  while getting drinks. She convinces Neal to come home with her. As they are leaving, Neal stops his story having to back up to tell of events that will lead up to this: October 1945: Neal is on a public bus when a young girl, Mary Jane Greenway : Cherry Mary. Neal and her quickly begin an intimate relationship; a very intimate relationship. Mary’s mother is unmistakably unhappy with their relationship so Mary is grounded, but that doesn’t stop them. Her mother has asked a priest to come to dinner, expecting him to speak to the two about what she considers to be a sinful relationship. When Father Fletcher arrives for the dinner, he is shocked to see Neal proclaiming he has finally found him. It becomes a blow to her plan when it turns out that Father Fletcher is Neal’s godfather. Considering Neal like a son, he has not seen him in more than six years. As the father leaves, Neal smiles, triumphant over the mother. She hated him more than ever. Back to the story, Lizzy and Neal return to Lizzy’s house where her husband Lewis invites him in. Confused, Neal is shocked to see Joan coming down the stairs. Everything comes rushing back to Neal as he sees his love alive and well. The two women cook dinner in the kitchen, talking about Neal. Joan defends Neal’s choice to leave the hospital; that it was too much to watch her die. In the living room, Neal and Joan talk, obviously nervous but excited to be together. At dinner, the four planned what Neal and Joan would do together now. Lewis offers Neal a job interview and offers to allow him to live with them. In bathroom, Neal and Joan pine for each other. Dancing closely, lovingly, the two finally kiss. Laying in living room, the two talk about the future together, Neal amazed that Joan has returned to him, a miracle. They hold each other. Neal jumps up frantically spouting about his clothes for the interview, Joan calms him and they kiss. Neal jumps up again, to get the suit from Ben. Joan wants to come but he won’t let her. On his way he runs into a drunk Harry. Harry convinces Neal to come in for a beer. Neal ends up drunk and Harry convinces him to talk to Mary to get her to come out. About to leave, Neal is arrested when Mary’s mother calls police. He is allowed to make a phone call, but he doesn't know the phone number for Lewis and Lizzy's house. With Mary refusing to testify, the charges are dropped but the police hold him on the false premise of suspicion of burglary. Finally, after more time in jail, Neal is released. He has trouble remembering where Lewis and Lizzy's house is, and once he finally finds it, he finds the house dark and empty. He waits but eventually it is obvious they aren’t coming back. He lost his chance at a traditional family life with Joan. He walks back down the porch, hops into a car and drives off with it. Finishing his letter, Neal places it in an envelope. Walking away, he throws the pages of his novel into the air, paper flying and landing everywhere."] ["The movie revolves around two couples. The historical couple Dr. Sun and Chen Cuifen who express mature love is contrasted with fictional couple Luo Zhaoling and Xu Dan Rong and their youthful romance. Sun Yat-sen is in exile again after his ninth uprising in China fails in 1910. The Qing government in China has put a price of 700,000 taels of silver on his head. Forced to leave Japan, he goes to British colonial port of Penang to continue his fundraising. He seeks support from opium cartel boss Xu Boheng. Xu's daughter Xu Dan Rong, is engaged to schoolteacher Luo Zhaoling. A covert Qing agent, Luo has been ordered to assassinate Sun, but his rebellious fiancee Xu Dan Rong becomes attracted to Sun's cause. Meanwhile, Sun's long-time companion Chen Cuifen joins him in Penang. Sun learns that his mother has died in China, but cannot pay for her funeral. Sun's friends and followers come to his assistance. Mr. Grant, a British colonial officer pressures Xu to smuggle opium to China and arrange a marriage between Xu Dan Rong and his son Master Grant. Sun intervenes to save Xu and his daughter, and out of gratitude Xu arranges for Sun to speak to prominent members of Penang community. Sun now convenes a secret meeting among the Southeast Asian Tongmenghui members to plan the Second Guangzhou Uprising."] ['Joe E. Lewis , a successful Chicago night-club entertainer is invited to work for the Mob during the Prohibition era. His refusal results in his face being slashed and his throat cut, preventing him from continuing with his current act as a singer. Lewis soon develops an acerbic and witty sense of humor and is given a break as a stand-up comedian from singer Sophie Tucker . Soon, Lewis makes a career for himself, but a self-destructive streak leads him to question his way of living and what his life has become.'] ["Johann  is a convicted felon and marathon runner who has been paroled from prison for attempted armed robbery. Upon his release he immediately continues to commit bank robbery, armed with a shotgun and disguised with a mask. He then moves in with a young social worker and friend, Erika , and the two soon begin a relationship. Johann goes on to win several marathons with record times, and is congratulated by his parole officer. However, after committing several more robberies, Erika begins to suspect Johann. After finding Johann's loot under his bed she asks him to leave, but not before telling him that change is possible. After weeks of Johann failing to contact his parole officer, the officer shows up after a marathon to talk with Johann. The officer expresses concern that Johann is not keeping in contact and cooperating with him. After pressing Johann to talk with him, Johann becomes enraged and bludgeons his parole officer to death with his trophy. After a final meeting with Erika, Johann is apprehended by the police in the hotel room where he had kept his money, having been turned in by a heartbroken Erika. After being handed a confession to sign, Johann breaks out of jail through a window and leads the police on a cross country manhunt on foot. He takes refuge in the house of an old man, and during the process of tying him up, the old man pulls a concealed pocket knife and stabs Johann deeply. Johann takes the old man’s car and drives until he notices a helicopter following him, after which he switches cars with some motorists at a rest stop, and seemingly evades the police. As Johann continues to drive he begins to lose consciousness, and realizes the seriousness of his wound. He pulls over, dying, and calls Erika, asking her to stay on the phone. Finally his breath slows, stops, and he dies."] ["The two-hour biography speeds along from young Walter's hustling beginnings as a tabloid gossip merchant  to his ascendance as the nation's most powerful propagandist.<ref namehttp://www.nytimes.com/1998/11/21/arts/television-review-putting-down-the-big-shots-while-snuggling-up.html | titleThe New York Times | dateAugust 20, 2012 | lastWalter}}"] ["The Earl of Essex  returns in triumph to London after having dealt the Spanish a crushing naval defeat at Cadiz. In London, an aging Queen Elizabeth  awaits him with love, but also with fear, because of his popularity with the commoners and his consuming ambition. His envious rivals include Sir Robert Cecil , Lord Burghley , and Sir Walter Raleigh . His only friend at court is Francis Bacon . Instead of the praise he is expecting, Essex is stunned when Elizabeth criticizes him for his failure to capture the Spanish treasure fleet as he had promised. When his co-commanders are rewarded, Essex protests, precipitating a break between the lovers. He leaves for his estates. Elizabeth pines for him, but refuses to degrade herself by recalling him. But when Hugh O'Neill, 2nd Earl of Tyrone  revolts and routs the English forces in Ireland, the Queen has the excuse she needs to summon Essex. She intends to make him Master of the Ordinance, a safe position at court. However, his enemies goad him into taking command of the army to be sent to quash the rebellion. Essex pursues Tyrone, though his letters to Elizabeth begging for much-needed men and supplies go unanswered. Unbeknownst to him, his letters to her, and hers to him, are being intercepted by Lady Penelope Grey , a lady-in-waiting who loves him herself. Finally, Elizabeth, believing herself to be scorned, sends him an order to disband his army and return to London. Furious, Essex ignores it, orders a night march and thinks he has finally cornered his foe. However, at a parley, Tyrone points out the smoke rising from the English camp, signifying the destruction of the food and ammunition the English army needs. With no alternative, Essex accepts Tyrone's terms; he and his men disarm and sail back to England. Thinking he has been betrayed, he leads his army in a march on London, to seize the crown for himself. Elizabeth offers no resistance to his forces, but once alone with him, convinces him that she will accept joint rule of the kingdom. He then naively disbands his army and is quickly arrested and condemned to death. The day of his execution, Elizabeth can wait no longer. She summons him, hoping he will abandon his ambition in return for his life . However, Essex tells her that he will always be a danger to her, and walks to the chopping block."] ["This movie is the story about Annie Sullivan, , and her efforts in working with a young sullen Helen Keller . The movie focuses on Annie’s struggle to draw Helen, a blind, deaf and mute girl out of her world of darkness and silence. Helen has been unable to communicate with her family except through physical temper tantrums since a childhood illness took her three senses from her at the age of 19 months old. She is allowed to eat with her hands, knock over or break anything and basically do whatever else she desires. All of this while being looked at with pity by her family. Her family loves her but they are all convinced she is a dumb, soft-brained child with the intelligence of an animal who will never learn anything. She is barely pacified with candy when she throws a tantrum and is headed toward institutionalization in a sanitarium when Annie Sullivan enters her life as Helen’s parents' last-ditch effort to avoid the inevitable. Plagued with vision problems of her own and orphaned at a young age, Annie Sullivan has the right mix of steeliness, empathy and patience to turn her young student's behavior around and teach her language. Annie’s job as Helen’s teacher is made more difficult by Helen’s imperious plantation-owner father, Captain Keller , and her overly soft-hearted mother, Kate Keller , when they doubt her authority and challenge her methods. Annie’s goal is to not just teach Helen to behave but to break through to her with the gift of communication. Using sign language and signing the letters to spell words in Helen’s open palm, Annie makes large strides toward improving Helen’s behavior. After two weeks of living alone with Helen in a small house on the Keller family plantation Annie is still unable to reach a break through with Helen when her mandated time deadline is reached. During Helen’s homecoming dinner she begins to revert to her old ways of acting. Annie takes Helen outside to refill a water pitcher she spilled during a tantrum at the pump and the long-awaited breakthrough is made. Helen makes the connection that the words Annie has been spelling in her open palm are in reality the communicative representation of those things in the physical world around her. The word “water” is the wet fluid coming out of the water pump. With this connection the doorway for communication is opened to Helen, and she can now survive and thrive in the world through the eyes and ears of others."] ['Sportswriter Al Stump  is hired in 1959 as ghostwriter of an authorized autobiography of the great Tyrus Raymond "Ty" Cobb, one of the best baseball players of all time. Now 72 and in failing health, Cobb  wants an official biography to "set the record straight" before he dies. Cobb wants a sanitized hagiography which will present him virtually without flaws. Such books were common in earlier decades and the public images of many players , had been shaped by such coverage. Stump arrives at Cobb\'s Lake Tahoe estate to write the official life story of the first baseball player inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame. He finds a continually-drunken, misanthropic, bitter racist who abuses his biographer as well as everyone else he comes in contact with. Although Cobb\'s home is luxurious, it is without heat, power and running water due to long-running violent disputes between Cobb and utility companies. Cobb also rapidly runs through domestic workers, hiring and firing them in quick succession. Although Cobb is seriously ill and prone to frequent physical breakdown, he retains considerable strength and also keeps several loaded firearms within easy reach at almost all times, making the outbreak of violent confrontation always an immediate possibility in his presence. Cobb and Stump eventually decide to travel together cross-country to the Baseball Hall of Fame induction weekend in Cooperstown, New York, where many players from Cobb\'s era attend, and then on to Cobb\'s native Georgia, where his estranged daughter continues to live. After spending a few months with Cobb and absorbing considerable abuse, Stump is torn between writing the book that Cobb wants and writing his own book on Cobb which will reveal his true highly abrasive nature. Cobb begins to regard Stump as a friend of sorts; it is clear his conduct has driven away virtually all his legitimate friends and family. Thus, Stump writes two books simultaneously: the puff piece Cobb expects, and his own, sensational, merciless account which will reveal the true Cobb, warts and all. Stump plans to complete Cobb\'s whitewashed version while the old man is still alive, guaranteeing his payment for the autobiography project, letting Cobb die happy, and then issue the hard-hitting followup after Cobb dies. At one point, after a long night contending with the raging Cobb, Stump passes out and Cobb discovers his notes for his no-punches-pulled version, bringing on an epic explosion from Cobb. The film concludes with the news that Cobb has died and we see several scenes from Cobb\'s playing career, with Stump gaining a grudging respect for the player\'s legendary intensity and fearsome competitive fire, and an understanding the murder of Cobb\'s father may have been partly responsible for his antagonistic personality. The film ends with Stump conflicted in his opinion of Cobb: whether respect for his playing accomplishments can outweigh his repellent personal conduct. In the end, Stump decides to publish the whitewashed version of Cobb\'s life, mainly out of respect for Cobb\'s memory and his belief in redemption.'] ['San Francisco-based crime novelist Dashiell Hammett, trying to put his Pinkerton detective days behind him while establishing himself as a writer, finds himself drawn back into his old life one last time by the irresistible call of friendship and to honor a debt.'] ['In 1939, the Germans relocate Polish Jews to the Kraków Ghetto as World War II begins. Oskar Schindler , an ethnic German businessman from Moravia, arrives in the city hoping to make a fortune as a war profiteer. Schindler, a member of the Nazi Party, lavishes bribes upon Wehrmacht and SS officials. Sponsored by the military, Schindler acquires a factory for the production of army mess kits. Not knowing much about how to run such an enterprise, he gains a collaborator in Itzhak Stern , an official of Krakow\'s Judenrat  who has contacts with the Jewish business community and the black marketers inside the Ghetto. The Jewish businessmen lend Schindler money in return for a share of products produced. Opening the factory, Schindler pleases the Nazis and enjoys newfound wealth and status as "Herr Direktor", while Stern handles administration. Schindler hires Jewish Poles instead of Catholic Poles because they cost less. Workers in Schindler\'s factory are allowed outside the ghetto, and Stern ensures that as many people as possible are deemed "essential" to the German war effort, saving them from being transported to concentration camps or killed. SS-Lieutenant  Amon Goeth  arrives in Kraków to oversee construction of the Płaszów concentration camp. Once the camp is completed, he orders the liquidation of the ghetto and Operation Reinhard in Kraków begins, with hundreds of troops emptying the cramped rooms and arbitrarily murdering anyone who is uncooperative, elderly or infirm. Schindler watches the massacre and is profoundly affected. He nevertheless is careful to befriend Goeth and, through Stern\'s attention to bribery, Schindler continues enjoying SS support. Schindler bribes Goeth into allowing him to build a sub-camp for his workers, so that he can keep his factory running smoothly and protect them. As time passes, Schindler tries to save as many lives as he can. As the war shifts, Goeth is ordered to ship the remaining Jews to the Auschwitz concentration camp. Schindler prepares to leave Kraków with his fortune. He finds himself unable to do so, however, and prevails upon Goeth to allow him to keep his workers so he can move them to a factory in his old home of Zwittau-Brinnlitz, away from the Final Solution. Goeth charges a massive bribe for each worker. Schindler and Stern assemble a list of workers to be kept off the trains to Auschwitz. "Schindler\'s List" comprises these "skilled" inmates, and for many of those in Płaszów, being included means the difference between life and death. Almost all of the people on Schindler\'s list arrive safely at the new site. The train carrying the women is accidentally redirected to Auschwitz. Schindler bribes the camp commander, Rudolf Höß, with a cache of diamonds in exchange for releasing the women to Brinnlitz. Once the women arrive, Schindler institutes firm controls on the SS guards assigned to the factory, forbidding them to enter the production areas. He encourages the Jews to observe the Sabbath. To keep his workers alive, he spends much of his fortune bribing Nazi officials and buying shells from other companies; he never produces working shells during the seven months his factory operates. He runs out of money just as the Wehrmacht surrenders, ending the war in Europe. As a Nazi Party member and a self-described "profiteer of slave labour", in 1945, Schindler must flee the advancing Red Army. Although the SS guards have been ordered to kill the Jews, Schindler persuades them to return to their families as men, not murderers. In the aftermath, he packs a car in the night and bids farewell to his workers. They give him a letter explaining he is not a criminal to them, together with a ring secretly made from a worker\'s gold dental bridge and engraved with a Talmudic quotation, "Whoever saves one life saves the world entire". Schindler is touched but deeply ashamed as he leaves, feeling he could have done more to save lives, such as selling his car and Golden Party Badge. The Schindler Jews are awakened by sunlight the next morning. A Soviet dragoon announces that they have been liberated by the Red Army. The Jews walk to a nearby town in search of food. After a few scenes depicting post-war events such as the execution of Amon Goeth and a summary of what happened to Schindler in his later years, the Jews are shown walking to the nearby town. The black-and-white frame changes to one in color of present-day Schindler Jews at Schindler\'s grave site in Jerusalem, where he wanted to be interred.{{cite web}} A procession of now-elderly Jews who worked in Schindler\'s factory set stones on his grave—a traditional Jewish custom denoting gratitude to the deceased. The actors portraying the major characters walk with them. Ben Kingsley is accompanied by the widow of Itzhak Stern, who died in 1969. A title card reveals that at the time of the film\'s release, there were fewer than 4,000 Jews left alive in Poland, but more than 6,000 descendants of the Schindler Jews throughout the world. In the final scene, Liam Neeson places a pair of roses on the grave and stands over it.'] ["The story revolves around the life and teachings of Sree Narayana Guru. Various events in his life like the Aruvikkara movement, Vaikom Satyagraha are detailed. The movie involves two major sub plots which highlights the relevance of the guru and his teachings as well as his love to his fellow beings one where an intercaste couple portrayed by Navya Nair and Kalabhavan Mani fights the caste establishment with the blessings of Gurudevan. Another sub plot involves a family where Jagathy Sreekumar plays a drunken abusive husband and his wife([[Kalpana  who is at the receiving end seeks the Guru's help and finally with the Guru's blessing Jagathy Sreekumar returns to the path of righteousness. The movie consists of four songs penned by Kaithapram Damodaran Namboothiri and two poems by Kumaranasan."] ['In 1585, Roman Catholic Spain ruled by King Philip II  is the most powerful country in Europe. Seeing Protestant England as a threat, and in retaliation for English piracy of Spanish ships, Philip intends to make war. He plans to take over England, and make his daughter Isabella the Queen of England in Elizabeth\'s place. In England, Elizabeth  is being pressured to marry by her advisor, Sir Francis Walsingham . She is aging and, with no child, the throne will pass to her cousin, Mary, Queen of Scots . The Queen is presented with portraits of appropriate suitors, but Elizabeth refuses to marry, particularly to the Archduke Charles of Austria , who has become infatuated with the Queen. Walter Raleigh  is presented at Elizabeth\'s court, having returned from the New World, and offers her potatoes, tobacco, two Native Americans, and gold from Spanish ships that he claims were "unable to continue their journey". The Spanish ambassador protests. Elizabeth commands that the Native Americans be treated well, and refuses to accept the gold. Elizabeth is attracted to Raleigh, enthralled by his tales of exploration, and asks Elizabeth Throckmorton  , her most favored lady-in-waiting, to observe him. Bess also finds Raleigh attractive and secretly begins an affair with him. Elizabeth meanwhile seeks guidance from her astrologer, Dr. John Dee  who predicts that two empires will go to war. However, he cannot predict which will triumph over the other, leaving Elizabeth to ponder her and England\'s fate. Jesuits in London conspire with Philip to assassinate Elizabeth and replace her with Mary, in what Philip calls "The English Enterprise," and which is known to history as the Babington Plot. Walsingham discovers the plot. From her imprisonment Mary sends secret correspondence to the Jesuits, who recruit Anthony Babington  to assassinate Elizabeth. Walsingham continues to warn Elizabeth of Spain\'s rising power and of the Catholic plots against her. However she, unlike her predecessor and sister Mary I, refuses to force her people  to share her beliefs. Even then, those conspiring against Elizabeth are being hunted and murdered, including Bess\'s cousin, whom Bess had failed to protect. After learning of her cousin\'s torture and death at Walsingham\'s hands, Bess turns to Raleigh for comfort. The barely hidden closeness of Bess and Raleigh causes tension between them, testing her desire to keep him in England and increasing his desire to go back to the New World. Walsingham\'s brother, a Papist, knows of the plot against Elizabeth. It is revealed that Walsingham had known of the plot all along, intercepting letters, and his brother is jailed. He reveals the plot to Elizabeth, who angrily confronts the Spanish diplomats. The Spanish ambassador feigns ignorance and accuses Elizabeth of receiving Spanish gold from pirates and insinuating a sexual relationship with Raleigh. A sword fight nearly ensues between the queen\'s male escorts and the Spanish contingent. She throws the Spaniards out of court. Meanwhile, Philip is cutting the forests of Spain to build the Spanish Armada to invade England. Mary, Queen of Scots, writes letters condoning the plot. Babington storms into a cathedral where Elizabeth is praying and points a gun at her. Elizabeth opens her arms, seemingly fearless. He pulls the trigger, and the gun fires. At first Walsingham is unable to discern why the gun was harmless, though it is later revealed by the traitor in the torture chamber that there was no bullet in the gun. Elizabeth learns of Mary\'s involvement, and Walsingham insists she be executed to quell any possible revolt. Elizabeth is reluctant, but nevertheless agrees. Mary is tried for high treason. She is beheaded, ascending the block in a blood-red dress, red being the Catholic liturgical colour for martyrs. Walsingham sees that this was part of the Jesuit\'s plan all-along. Philip had never intended Mary to become queen. Since the Pope and other Catholic leaders regarded Mary as the true Queen of England, Philip uses Mary\'s death to obtain papal approval for war. In England, Raleigh asks to leave for the New World, which Elizabeth forbids, instead knighting him and making him Captain of the Royal Guard. Bess discovers she is pregnant with Raleigh\'s child and, after telling him the news, she pleads with him to leave. He chooses not to, and the couple marry in secret. At the same time, Elizabeth awakes during a dream as the wedding is taking place. She confronts Bess a few weeks later, who confesses that she is indeed pregnant with Raleigh\'s child, and that Raleigh is her husband. An enraged Elizabeth berates Bess, reminding her that she cannot marry without royal consent. Feeling betrayed, the queen banishes Bess from court and has Raleigh imprisoned for the crime of seducing a ward of the Queen. Walsingham arranges for his brother, William, who is eleven years Francis\' junior, to be released and taken to France on the condition that he must never return to England. The Armada begins its approach up the English Channel, and Elizabeth forgives Bess and sets Raleigh free to join Sir Francis Drake in the battle. Elizabeth gives her Speech to the Troops at Tilbury seated on a war horse wearing full plate armour. The Spanish ships and army vastly outnumber England\'s, but at the last moment, a major storm blows the Armada towards the beaches, endangering their formation and ships. They drop anchor, and the Armada becomes a sitting duck for English fire ships. Elizabeth, back at her coastal headquarters, walks out to the cliffs and watches the Spanish Armada sink in flames. Philip\'s plan is shattered. Elizabeth visits Walsingham on his deathbed, telling her old friend to rest. She then visits Raleigh and Bess and blesses their child. Elizabeth seemingly triumphs personally through her ordeal, again resigned to her role as the Virgin Queen and mother to the English people.'] ['The film begins with Cassius Clay before his championship debut against then heavyweight Sonny Liston, in the pre-fight weigh-in Clay heavily taunts Liston  but Liston vows to "Fuck him  up". In the fight Clay is able to dominate the early rounds of the match, but halfway through the fight Clay complains of a burning feeling in his eyes  and says he is unable to continue. However, his trainer/manager Angelo Dundee gets him to keep fighting. Once Clay is able to see again he easily dominates the fight and right before round seven Liston quits, therefore making Cassius Clay the youngest heavyweight champion at the time. . Cassius Clay then changes his name to Muhammad Ali after converting to the Nation of Islam, and travels to Africa with Malcolm X. Ali continues to dominate as champion, until he is stripped of the title and sent to jail for his refusal to be drafted during the Vietnam War. His conviction is later overturned, and attempts to regain the Heavyweight Championship against Joe Frazier. Frazier wins, giving Ali the first loss of his career. After Frazier loses the championship to George Foreman, Ali fights Frazier again, this time winning. Ali goes to Zaire to face Foreman for the title. While there, Ali has an affair with a woman he meets named Veronica Porsche . After reading rumors of his infidelity through newspapers, Ali\'s wife travels to Zaire to confront him about this. Ali says he is unsure as to whether he really loves Veronica or not, and just wants to focus on his upcoming title shot. For a good portion of the fight against Foreman, Ali leans back against the ropes and covers up, letting Foreman wildly throw punches at him. As the rounds go on, Foreman tires himself out and Ali takes advantage. He quickly knocks out the tired Foreman, and the movie ends with Ali regaining the Heavyweight Championship of which he was previously stripped.'] ['The story begins in the Russian countryside, where Rasputin heals the sick wife of an innkeeper . When he is later hauled before an Orthodox bishop for his sexual immorality and violence, the innkeeper springs to the monk\'s defence. Rasputin protests that he is sexually immoral because he likes to give God "sins worth forgiving". He also claims to have healing powers in his hands, and is unperturbed by the bishop\'s accusation that his power is from Satan. Rasputin heads for St. Petersburg, where he forces his way into the home of Dr Zargo , from where he begins his campaign to gain influence over the Tsarina . He manipulates the Tsarina\'s lady-in-waiting, Sonia , whom he uses to satisfy his voracious sexual appetite and gain access to the Tsarina. However, Rasputin\'s ruthless pursuit of wealth and prestige, and increasing control over the royal household attracts opposition. Sonia\'s brother, Peter , enraged by Rasputin\'s seduction of his sister, enlists the help of Ivan to bring about the monk\'s downfall.'] ['A family traveling through New Salem, Illinois in their wagon need groceries from Lincoln\'s store and the only thing of value they have that he\'ll take in exchange is a law book. After thoroughly reading the book, Abe opts for the law after receiving encouragement from his early, ill-fated love, Ann Rutledge . Too poor to own even a horse, he arrives in Springfield on a mule and soon establishes a law practice with friend John Stuart . At a July 4 celebration, a man is murdered in a brawl: the accused are two brothers. Lincoln prevents the lynching of the two accused at the jail, inter alia by telling the angry mob he really needs these clients for his first real case. Admiring his courage, Mary Todd  -- later to be his wife—invites Lincoln to her sister\'s soiree and expresses an intense interest in his future. The key witness to the crime is a friend of the victim who claims to have seen the murder at a distance of about 100 yards under the light of the moon. The family and Lincoln are pressured to save one of the brothers at the expense of the other\'s conviction. But Lincoln persists and is able, through the use of an Almanac, to demonstrate that on the night in question the moon would not have provided the light the supposed eyewitness claimed. He then drives the witness to confess that he had in fact stabbed his friend himself. A scene cut from the film involved Lincoln meeting a very young John Wilkes Booth, his future assassin. The film has as its basis the murder case involving William "Duff" Armstrong, which took place in 1858 at the courthouse in Beardstown, Illinois -- the only courthouse where Lincoln practiced law that is still in use.'] ['In the early twentieth century, after the death of her mother, the young Manuela is admitted to a boarding school for girls where the headmistress imposes a rigid discipline. Manuela projects all her affection onto Miss Elisabeth von Bernburg, only supervisor to show her any kindness. At boarding school, at a party where alcohol flows a little freely, Manuela creates a scandal by loudly proclaiming her love for Miss von Bernburg. Her later suicide attempt prompts the headmistress to review her methods while Elisabeth von Bernburg resigns.'] ["The Times of Harvey Milk documents the political career of Harvey Milk, who was San Francisco's first openly gay supervisor. The film documents Milk's rise from a neighborhood activist to a symbol of gay political achievement, through to his assassination in November 1978 at San Francisco's city hall, and the Dan White trial and aftermath."] ['Sam "Ace" Rothstein, a sports handicapper and mob associate, is sent to Las Vegas to run the Teamsters-funded Tangiers Casino on behalf of several midwest mob families. Taking advantage of lax gaming laws allowing him to work at the casino while his gaming license is still pending, Sam becomes the Tangiers\' de facto boss and doubles the casino\'s profits, which are skimmed by the Mafia before the records are reported to income tax agencies. Impressed with Sam\'s work, the bosses send Sam\'s friend, enforcer and caporegime Nicholas "Nicky" Santoro and his crew to protect Sam and the whole business. Nicky, however, begins to become more of a liability than an asset; his violent temper quickly gets him banned by the gaming board from every casino, and his name is placed in the black book. Nicky then gathers his own crew and begins running unsanctioned shakedowns and burglaries. Sam, meanwhile, meets and falls in love with a hustler, Ginger McKenna. Despite Ginger\'s reluctance, they soon conceive a daughter, Amy, and marry. Their relationship begins to deteriorate when Sam and Nicky catch Ginger giving money to her former boyfriend, a con man named Lester Diamond. Sam also makes an enemy in Clark County Commissioner Pat Webb by firing Webb\'s brother-in-law Donald Ward  for incompetence, and refusing to reinstate him. Webb retaliates by pulling Sam\'s casino license application from the backlog, forcing Sam to have a license hearing, while secretly arranging for the gaming board and State Senator Harrison Roberts to reject the license. Sam responds by appearing on television and openly accuses the city government of corruption. The bosses, unappreciative of Sam\'s publicity, ask him to return home, but he stubbornly blames Nicky\'s reckless lawbreaking for his own problems. In a heated argument in the desert, Nicky chastises Sam to never "go over his head" again. The bosses appoint Kansas City underboss Artie Piscano to oversee the skim and reduce the amount local mobsters are keeping for themselves, but he keeps incriminating ledgers and is caught on an FBI bug discussing the skim. Sam loses patience with Ginger after she and Lester are in Los Angeles with plans to run away to Europe with his daughter Amy. Sam talks Ginger into bringing Amy back, but Ginger\'s alcoholism and cocaine addiction anger him so much that he kicks her out of the house. She returns, on Sam\'s condition that she carry a beeper on her for Sam to contact her whenever he must. Ginger turns to Nicky for help in getting her share of her and Sam\'s money from the bank, and they begin an affair. Sam reaches his limit with Ginger when she ties Amy to her bed to have a night with Nicky. Sam confronts Ginger in the restaurant and disowns her. She turns to Nicky, but he has washed his hands of her as well. The next morning, Ginger goes to Sam\'s house, creates a disturbance, and uses the distraction to take the key to their bank deposit box. She takes some of the savings, but is then arrested by FBI agents. With Ginger\'s arrest and the FBI\'s discovery of Piscano\'s records, which are then matched with the skimming operation, the casino empire crumbles and the bosses are arrested. During a meeting, they decide to eliminate anyone involved in order to keep them from testifying, including the head of the teamsters, the money courier, and several casino executives. Ginger dies nearly penniless in Los Angeles of a drug overdose, and Sam is almost killed in a botched car bombing, which he suspects Nicky planted. Before Sam can confront him, however, Nicky and his brother Dominick are murdered by Nicky\'s former associate, Frankie Marino . Sam narrates that the bosses had finally had enough of Nicky, and had ordered Frankie to get rid of him. With the mob now out of power, the old casinos are purchased by big corporations and demolished to make way for gaudier gambling attractions financed by junk bonds. Sam laments that this new "family friendly" Las Vegas lacks the same kind of catering to the players as the older and, to his perception, classier Vegas he saw when he ran the Tangiers. In the final scene, an older Sam is shown living in San Diego, once again as a sports handicapper for the mob, or in his words, "...right back where I started".'] [' The film has a straightforward chronology with events spanning from 1937 to 1959;<ref name9C06E2D8123EF937A15751C1A961958260 December 24, 1997 Review] from The New York Times the setting is Tibet, except for brief sequences in China and India. It begins with the search for the 14th mindstream emanation of the Dalai Lama. After a vision by Reting Rinpoche  several lamas disguised as servants discover a promising candidate: a child born to a farming family in the province of Amdo, near the Chinese border. These and other lamas administer a test to the child in which he must select from various objects the ones that belonged to the previous Dalai Lama. The child passes the test; he and his family are brought to Potala Palace in Lhasa, where he will be installed as Dalai Lama when he comes of age. During the journey, the child becomes homesick and frightened, but is comforted by Reting, who tells him the story of the first Dalai Lama — whom the lamas called "Kundun". As the film progresses, the boy matures in both age and learning. After a brief power struggle in which Reting is imprisoned and dies, the Dalai Lama begins taking a more active role in governance and religious leadership. Meanwhile, the Chinese Communists, recently victorious in their revolution, are proclaiming Tibet a traditional part of Imperial China, and express their desire to reincorporate it with the newly formed People\'s Republic of China. Eventually, despite Tibet\'s pleas to the United Nations, the United States, the United Kingdom, and India for intervention, Chinese Communist forces invade Tibet. The Chinese are initially helpful, but when the Tibetans resist Communist reorganization and reeducation of their society, the Chinese become oppressive. Following a series of atrocities suffered by his people, the Dalai Lama resolves to meet with Chairman Mao Zedong in Beijing. While Mao initially expresses his sympathies to the Tibetan people and the Dalai Lama, and insists that changes must be made as the Dalai Lama sees fit, relations inevitably deteriorate. During their face-to-face meeting on the final day of the Dalai Lama\'s visit, Mao makes clear his view that "religion is poison" and that the Tibetans are "poisoned and inferior" because of it. Upon his return to Tibet, the Dalai Lama learns of more horrors perpetrated against his people, who have by now repudiated their treaty with China and begun guerrilla action against the Chinese. After the Chinese make clear their intention to kill him, the Dalai Lama is convinced by his family and his Lord Chamberlain to flee to India. After consulting the oracle about the proper escape route, the Dalai Lama and his staff put on disguises and slip out of Lhasa under cover of darkness. During an arduous journey, throughout which they are pursued by the Chinese, the Dalai Lama becomes very ill and experiences several visions of the past and future. The group eventually makes it to a small mountain pass on the Indian border. As the Dalai Lama walks to the guard post, an Indian guard approaches him, salutes, and inquires: "May I ask, are you the Lord Buddha?" The Dalai Lama replies with the film\'s final line: "I think that I am a reflection, like the moon on water. When you see me, and I try to be a good man, you see yourself." Once the Dalai Lama arrives at his new residence, he unpacks his telescope and steps outside. Erecting it and removing his spectacles, he gazes through it toward the Himalayas-and toward Tibet. The film concludes with two lines printed on screen: The Dalai Lama has not yet returned to Tibet. He hopes one day to make the journey.'] ['SoundtrackPete Best\'s helpEuropean version A European version exists, and is a different cut from the American version. The following changes were made to the European version: #Some of the dialogue and text in this version is different. #The opening narration is now done by a British narrator, with the opening text superimposed on a black screen as opposed to a blue screen. #The prologue, which includes John saying that he wants to see Mickey Mouse is omitted. #The opening theme song is "My Bonnie" instead of "She Loves You". #A scene in an art school with a naked woman is included. #The scenes where The Beatles perform at Der Kaiserkeller are longer. They also include two additional song scenes: "Kansas City" and "Shake, Rattle and Roll" . #The scene where they find Stuart badly beaten has extra dialogue. It also fleshes out Stuart\'s refusal to see a doctor even more, unlike the regular versions where it abruptly cuts right after John says "Let\'s get him to a hospital", making the viewer think that Stuart went to a hospital after he got badly beaten, when it is clear that he did not. #The scene where Stuart and Astrid have their moment in bed together is different. The other version has him showing her her new necklace, while this version, has the two of them making love to each other. #John\'s bedroom scene with Stuart has extra shots of the others in bed. #The scene where they first talk to Brian Epstein is a little bit longer. #The scene where Brian goes to find The Beatles performing "Love me Do" at a venue is longer. #The scene where Brian goes to tell the Beatles about George Martin and EMI, has him getting out of a taxi. #In the scene where Cynthia tell John about expecting a baby, John asks her "What are we gonna call him?" #The scene where the Beatles arrive at New York City is longer. #The end credits feature "She Loves You", instead of "My Bonnie".'] [" In 48 BC, Cleopatra vies with her brother Ptolemy for control of Egypt. Pothinos  kidnaps her and Apollodorus  and strands them in the desert. When Pithinos informs Julius Caesar that the queen has fled the country, Caesar is ready to sign an agreement with Ptolemy when Apollodorus appears, bearing a gift carpet for the Roman. When Apollodorus unrolls it, Cleopatra emerges. She soon beguiles Caesar with the prospect of the riches of not only Egypt, but also India. Later, when they are seemingly alone, she spots a sandal peeking out from underneath a curtain and thrusts a spear into the hidden Pothinos, foiling his assassination attempt. Caesar eventually returns to Rome with Cleopatra. Cassius , Casca , Brutus  and other powerful Romans become disgruntled, rightly suspecting that he intends to abolish the Roman Republic and make himself emperor, with Cleopatra as his empress . Ignoring the forebodings of Calpurnia, Cleopatra, and a soothsayer  who warns him about the Ides of March, Caesar goes to announce his intentions to the Senate. Before he can do so, he is assassinated. Cleopatra is heartbroken at the news. At first, she wants to go to him, but Apollodorus tells her that Caesar did not love her, only her power and wealth, and that Egypt needs her. They return home. Bitter rivals Marc Antony and Octavian  are named co-rulers of Rome. Antony, disdainful of women, invites Cleopatra to meet with him in Tarsus, intending to bring her back to Rome as a captive. She, however, soon bewitches him. King Herod  visits the lovers. He informs Cleopatra privately that Rome and Octavian can be appeased if Antony were to be poisoned. Herod also tells Antony the same thing. Antony laughs off his suggestion, but a reluctant Cleopatra, reminded of her duty to Egypt by Apollodorus, tests a poison on a condemned murderer . Before Antony can drink the fatal wine, however, they receive news that Octavian has declared war. Antony sends orders to his generals and legions to gather, but his close friend Enobarbus  informs him that they have all deserted out of loyalty to Rome. Enobarbus tells his comrade that he can wrest control of Rome away from Octavian by having Cleopatra killed, but Antony refuses to consider it. He fights on with the Egyptian army, but is defeated. Octavian and his soldiers besiege Antony and Cleopatra. Antony is mocked when he offers to fight them one by one. Without his knowledge, Cleopatra opens the gate and offers to cede Egypt in return for Antony's life in exile, but Octavian turns her down. Meanwhile, Antony believes that she has deserted him for his rival, and stabs himself. When Cleopatra returns, she is heartbroken to find him dying. They reconcile before he perishes. Then, with the gate breached, she kills herself with a poisonous snake."] ['The Teamsters\' strike against Overnite began on October 24, 1999. James P. Hoffa had been elected president of the Teamsters in the fall of 1998, and had campaigned on a promise to unionize Overnite and securing a contract for its 13,000 workers. The Teamsters represented only a fraction of Overnite\'s workers, but believed they could use other means to win company recognition of the union. Initially, about 2,000 workers walked the picket line in 12 states. The strike turned violent, however, and both sides accused the other of bribery, spying, intimidation and more. By August 2002, only 300 to 600 workers remained on strike. The Teamsters called the strike off without securing a contract or union recognition.Greenhouse, "Teamsters End 3-Year Strike Against Trucker Without Contract," New York Times, October 26, 2002. American Standoff focuses primarily on two Teamster members and a staff organizer and how they are affected by the strike. However, the film roves over the entire United States, visiting Memphis, Atlanta, Chicago, Boston, and Las Vegas. The strike is placed in the context of Hoffa\'s struggle to secure his political base within the Teamsters\' union. Hoffa not only faced political attacks from union reformers but also from other union leaders who believed they could unseat the newly-elected president in the 2002 election.Greenhouse, "Bitter 6-Month Strike at Overnite Poses a Test for Teamsters\' Chief," New York Times, May 7, 2000. The internecine struggle for power in the Teamsters limits the effectiveness of the union\'s response, although Hoffa appears to emerge stengthened.Ross, "INTERVIEW: Behind The Strike Lines: \'American Standoff\' Director Kristi Jacobson Chronicles the Teamsters," IndieWire, June 7, 2002. The film concludes in mid-2001, with the strike still lingering, workers increasingly disenchanted, and the union struggling to find an acceptable exit strategy.'] ['Maija DiGiorgio is a naive New York comic whose therapist recommends a video diary as a means of examining her self. Maija\'s borderline psychotic ex-boxer boyfriend, Kenny Simmons and director of photography, Jody Del Giorno sees a means to instant stardom. Maija, searching to find answers to the meaning of life and art, the answers for art and artific, allows Kenny to impose his "vision" onto her film. Before long, the three  are criss-crossing the country, interviewing celebrities under a parade of false pretenses. In one famous incident, Kenny makes the cover of The New York Post after a confrontation with Jerry Seinfeld.'] ["The film starts when Fryderyk Chopin is still a young man living with his parents and his two sisters in Warsaw where he frequently plays the piano and composes music for the decidedly unmusical Grand Duke Constantine. Shortly before the November Uprising, Chopin's father urges him to leave for Paris, which Fryderyk does. Once in Paris he meets novelist George Sand, who has just split from her violent lover Mallefille. Although he is immediately drawn to Sand, he initially refuses her advances. However, after several months, their mutual friend Albert urges Chopin to get to know George better and a passionate romance starts to build. During their affair, Chopin is diagnosed with tuberculosis and has to cope with a declining health. The relationship is further complicated by George's two children: Maurice and Solange. While Maurice's near-hysterical hatred of Chopin leads from one escalation to the other, Solange develops an obsessive love for Chopin which leads to a rivalry between Solange and her mother. After several years of constant fighting between Chopin, George, Maurice and Solange, the relationship ends and Chopin calls for one of his sisters to help him get through the last days of his life."] ["Kasparov had beaten Deep Blue, a computer designed specifically to beat him, in a match played in 1996. In the second game, Kasparov was struggling with the black pieces, but set a trap that most computers fall for. The next three matches ended in draws, with Kasparov appearing to weaken psychologically. Deep Blue went on to win the decisive sixth game, marking the first time in history that a computer defeated the World Champion in a match of several games. From this experience, particularly the second game of the match, Kasparov accused the IBM team of cheating. He suspected that a human player was used during the games to improve the strategic strength of the computer. As a metaphor for this suspicion, the film weaves in the story of the Turk, a hoax involving a chess-playing automaton built in the eighteenth century, but secretly operated by human beings. The film also implies that Deep Blue's heavily promoted victory was a ploy by IBM to boost its market value."] ['As a young boy, future emperor Nero witnesses the mad Emperor Caligula kill his father and exile his mother. While in exile in the pontine islands, Agrippina, his mother, sees a vision telling her that her son can become emperor, but she will have to die first. She accepts the proposal. Back in Rome, Nero, now being raised by emperor Claudius after Caligula\'s death, Agrippina returns. She poisons Claudius\' food and Nero becomes emperor. At first, Nero cuts taxes and introduces successful programs and invades Brittania. Soon he meets a beautiful slave named Claudia Acte, and marries her, throwing off his engagement with Claudius\' daughter, Claudia Octavia, telling her she can marry someone she will be happy with. Heartbroken, she arrives at an island and kills herself. Nero enjoys being married to Claudia Octavia, but soon he gradually goes mad with power and sets fire to Rome. He divorces Acte, and forces the citizens to watch hour long recitals, and at one of these, accidentally kills his new pregnant wife, Poppaea Sabina. He kills several members of the senate and orders his mother to be stabbed, where she says: "Strike the womb, for that is what bore him." Nero\'s madness soon causes a riot, causing himself to flee the city in disguise, and slit his wrists under the saddened embrace of Claudia Acte, his once passionate lover. The movie in many ways tries to show Nero as a good soul gone mad, beginning as a brilliant young prince enduring injustice, then hailed enthusiastically at the beginning of his reign, implementing much-needed reforms and enjoying immense popularity. Half the film concentrates on Nero\'s teenage years and his love life with Acte.'] ["This film shows how Allende managed to be elected in Chile and brings hope to a part of the population by enforcing socialist measures. It also explores Richard Nixon's policies and his orders to the CIA  concerning Allende during his election campaign."] ['Shot in and around Willis\' native Chicago area, the documentary simply shows footage of Willis\' daily life with his songs serving as the soundtrack. Willis appears unkempt, morbidly obese and mentally unstable. His songwriting technique is shown as he visits a local Kinko\'s dressed sloppily and barefoot, and types expletives and repetitive bestiality references on a computer as lyrics and prints the document. His songs deal with subjects such as praise for celebrities that he had met or admired, reports on bands that he had seen, stories about violent confrontations with superheroes, and expletive-packed rants at his mental "demons". Willis says music helps him silence the discouraging mental voices, but his fan following comes from people who find his songs humorous.{{Who}} Many of his compositions are very similar, a fact that is highlighted by scenes of him recording songs such as "I Whipped Superman\'s Ass", "I Whipped Spider-Man\'s Ass" and "I Whupped Batman\'s Ass", which are overlaid to highlight their similarities. Willis also visits a zoo, overdubbed with one of his many songs about bestiality. Towards the end Willis is shown playing with his band, the Wesley Willis Fiasco. Several of Willis\' friends are interviewed, among them recording engineer Steve Albini. They reminisce over how they met Wesley and how they feel about him. Generally they are all sympathetic of his plight and it is stated he would likely be deceased if he had not cultivated such a network. One friend describes Willis\' poor upbringing , and touchingly, Willis\' own despair at his condition: "I\'m already doomed. I can\'t find a girlfriend, I can\'t do a goddamned thing."'] ["In 1996, Mark Borchardt, a blue-collar suburbanite, dreams of being a filmmaker. However, he is also an unemployed, deeply-indebted, borderline-alcoholic who still lives with his parents and is estranged from his ex-girlfriend, who is threatening to revoke custody of their three children. He acknowledges his various failures but aspires to one day make more of his life. In an attempt to jump-start his amateur film making career, Mark restarts production on Northwestern, a feature-length film Mark has been planning for most of his adult life. Initially, the project attracts some interest from the group of amateur actors with whom Mark produces radio plays, but by the fourth production meeting, almost no one shows up and Mark is forced to acknowledge that he currently lacks the resources to ever move Northwestern past the pre-production phase. In an attempt to drum up the attention and financial resources needed to film Northwestern, Mark decides to finally complete Coven, a horror short that he began shooting on 16mm film in 1994 but ultimately abandoned. Mark receives financing from his uncle Bill, a wise but increasingly senile eighty-two-year-old retiree who lives in a dilapidated trailer despite having nearly $300,000 in his bank account. Bill hesitantly agrees to invest in Coven with the goal of selling three thousand VHS tapes, which he hopes will raise enough capital to finance Northwestern. Mark re-starts production on Coven but suffers numerous mishaps. Although he is hard-working and knowledgeable about film making, he is also poor at planning ahead and inarticulate as a director. Additionally, Mark builds his production crew out of friends and neighbors, many of whom are incompetent at the tasks to which Mark assigns them. Particular attention is given to his best friend  Mike Schank, a recovering alcoholic and drug addict who is in charge of scoring Coven. Although the two bonded over their shared alcoholism, Mike has coped with his own addictions by joining Alcoholics Anonymous and by becoming a compulsive gambler; in between work on Coven, Mike goes to the gas station to buy lottery tickets, sometimes accompanied by his AA sponsor, who then drives them both to Gamblers' Anonymous meetings. As production goes forward, Mark faces the skepticism of his family and his own burgeoning alcoholism. At Thanksgiving dinner and, later, a family party to watch Super Bowl Sunday, Mark gets drunk and becomes aggressive to his family and friends, and his girlfriend briefly leaves him. Later, a wistful Mark watches amateur footage he shot of Northwestern in 1990 and contemplates whether or not he is a failure. Mark finally wraps production of Coven and it premieres at a local theater in 1997. Mark's family and friends are happy that the project has finally been completed. In the final scene, Mark goes to visit Uncle Bill and discusses the prospects of future fame and wealth. Bill responds by advising Mark to focus on spiritual matters and bringing happiness into other people's lives. Closing text reveals that Bill died later in 1997, and left Mark $50,000 in his will to help finance Northwestern."] ["Disc jockey turned actor Bob Crane develops a secret personal life, focusing on his relationship with John Henry Carpenter, an electronics expert involved with the nascent home video market. Encouraged by Carpenter and enabled by his expertise, Crane &mdash; portrayed as a church-going, clean-cut family man  &mdash; becomes a sex addict obsessed with sleeping with as many women as possible and recording those encounters with video and photographic equipment, usually with Carpenter participating. Auto Focus depicts Crane's life from his sitcom success through his post-Hogan's Heroes efforts to sustain a viable career &mdash; mostly in dinner theatre &mdash; until his murder. Crane's murder remains unsolved to this day. Although Carpenter was tried and acquitted of the crime, he remains the subject of suspicion even after his death in 1998.Motion Picture Purgatory: Auto Focus"] ['Joan Crawford  is a driven actress and compulsively clean housekeeper who tries to control the lives of those around her as tightly as she controls herself. To prepare for a work day at MGM Studios, she rises at 4:00 am and engages in a strict morning ritual: scrubbing her face with soap and boiling hot water, then plunging her head into a vat of distilled water and ice to close the pores. When Helga , a new maid, thinks she has Joan\'s living room in spotless condition, Joan finds one minute detail that she overlooked and loses her temper, intimidating the maid as well as her live-in personal assistant, Carol Ann . Joan is in a relationship with Hollywood lawyer Gregg Savitt ([[Steve Forrest , but her career is in a bit of a downswing. She desperately wants a baby, but is unable to get pregnant; seven pregnancies when she was married to actor Franchot Tone ended in miscarriages. When she is denied an application for adoption, she enlists Gregg\'s help to secure a baby. Joan adopts a girl whom she names Christina, and later a boy, Christopher . Joan lavishes Christina  with attention and luxuries such as an extravagant birthday party, but also enforces a code of denial and discipline. When Christina is showered with gifts, Joan asks which she likes best, then donates the other gifts to charity. As Christina rebels against her mother\'s demands, a series of confrontations ensues. Joan overtakes Christina in a swimming-pool race and proclaims her victory by crowing to the child, "You lost again!" Joan becomes enraged when Christina reacts with disappointment, locking her in the pool house. When Joan discovers her daughter putting on makeup and imitating her, she hysterically hacks off Christina\'s hair. Her relationship with Gregg becomes a dismal failure; Joan resents Gregg\'s allegiance to studio boss Louis B. Mayer and argues with him after a dinner at Perrino\'s restaurant. Joan guzzles down glasses of vodka and throws a drink in Gregg\'s face after he tells her she is getting old. A physical altercation develops and Gregg breaks up with Joan. The next day, Joan cuts Gregg out of the family photos. Joan\'s tantrums grow more bizarre and violent; When Mayer  forces Joan to leave MGM after theater owners brand her "box office poison," she hacks down her prize rose garden with a pair of large gardening shears and an axe. In the most infamous scene of the film, Joan, with her face slathered in cold cream, stalks into Christina\'s bedroom in the middle of the night and discovers one of the child\'s dresses hanging on a wire hanger. She launches into a tirade, screaming at the girl, "I told you! No wire hangers, ever!" She yanks dresses from Christina\'s closet, throws them all over the girl\'s room and beats the screaming girl with the hanger. Joan wrecks the bathroom as well, throwing cleaning powder all over the already spotless bathroom, striking Christina with the tin and screaming at her to clean it up. Joan sends Christina, now a teenager, to boarding school. When Christina is caught in a compromising position with a boy, however, Joan brings her home. Barbara Bennett , a reporter from Redbook magazine, is writing a puff piece on Joan\'s home life. After Joan lies about why her daughter left school, saying that she was expelled, Christina confronts her in front of the reporter. Joan furiously leads Christina into the living room. In the ensuing argument, Joan slaps her twice across the face. Christina questions her mother as to why she was adopted, and Joan confesses that it was partially a publicity stunt. After Christina yells, "I am not one of your fans!," Joan seizes Christina by the throat and throws her to the floor, knocking over a table and breaking it. She then tries to throttle Christina, who pleads with her to stop. Joan chokes Christina, shrieking that she hates her and enjoys hitting her. Christina writhes on the floor, Joan strangling her as though she intends to murder her. Carol Ann and the reporter witness the attack and intervene, pulling Joan away. Christina throws her mother aside and lays coughing on the floor. Joan sends Christina to Flintridge Sacred Heart Academy to punish her; under the academy\'s strict rules, Christina can have no contact with the outside world. Joan then marries Alfred Steele , CEO of Pepsi Cola, moves to New York City and pressures him to shoulder a great deal of debt to fund their lavish lifestyle. After his death, the all-male board tries to force her to resign, but Joan intimidates them into letting her retain her seat by threatening to publicly condemn Pepsi. After leaving the convent school, Christina rents an apartment in Manhattan, where she acts in a soap opera. When she suffers from an ovarian tumor, a stunned Christina is temporarily replaced on the show by her mother. Joan dies of cancer in 1977, whereupon Christina and Christopher  learn their mother has completely disinherited them in her will. When a resigned Christopher says their mother has managed to have the last word, Christina questions that, hinting at the much-publicized book she would write, Mommie Dearest.'] ['The book chronicles Evans\' rise from childhood to radio star to film star to production chief of Paramount Pictures to independent producer, his marriage to Ali MacGraw, his downfall including his 1980 cocaine bust and implication in the murder of Roy Radin, aka "The Cotton Club Murder", his banishment from Paramount Pictures, and his return to the studio in the early 1990s. A revised edition of the book, published in 1995, adds several chapters of new material, including material on his projects after his return to Paramount Pictures. The film version, released in 2002, utilizes Evans\' narration interspersed with film footage from films such as Love Story, The Sun Also Rises, Rosemary\'s Baby, Chinatown, and The Godfather, along with interviews and photographs from Evans\' life, to tell the story from his discovery by Norma Shearer for Man of a Thousand Faces, to his return to Paramount Pictures. Many elements from the book, according to the commentary by directors Burstein and Morgen on the DVD, such as Evans\' childhood and his other marriages  were dropped because they felt that it did not move the story along. The title comes from a line attributed to studio head Darryl F. Zanuck, who was defending Evans after some of the actors involved in The Sun Also Rises had recommended he be removed from the cast.'] ['Ray Sharkey plays Vincent Vacari, a songwriter/manager, driven by his desire to discover the next big act. After watching the band play at a local club, Vinnie approaches Tomaso DeLorusso , a popular and talented saxophone player, and convinces him to trade his instrument for a microphone. Following some months under Vinnie\'s guidance, "Tommy Dee" becomes a rock \'n\' roll sensation. Following on from his success with Tommy Dee, Vinnie prepares another act in the form of Guido , a local busboy. With even more gusto and singlemindedness, Vinnie embarks on a destructive journey to control every aspect of his new act\'s image. Despite Vinnie\'s obvious flair for idolmaking, his girlfriend Brenda  is concerned that his obsession is destroying everyone around him, including himself.'] ["The film stars Bryant “HairKutt” Johnson, director Elliott, Maurice Bradley, and Anthony Dorsey as four friends from St. Louis, Missouri, who travel to a remote cabin in the Smokey Mountains of Tennessee. Their plan is to spend a week together to help Hairkutt kick his 15-year addiction to heroin. Hairkutt longs to kick his heroin addiction in order to finally care for his daughter and to realize his dream of running his own hair-cutting business. His friends, particularly Curtis Elliott, want to help him, so they travel to a cabin in Tennessee, cover its carpeting with plastic sheeting, and prepare restraining ropes on one of the beds. Hairkutt will attempt to kick the habit cold turkey. It is stated that 99% of attempts to quite heroin cold turkey are unsuccessful. The first night unfolds, and the tough love of Hairkutt's friends quickly reaches new depths. He writhes in agony, night after night, and as his friends care for him and joust with him verbally, the question is whether this will be Hairkutt's deathbed or a springboard to a new life."] ['Prior to the attack on Pearl Harbor, Hess was a minister in Ohio. The attack prompts him to become a fighter pilot. Hess had accidentally dropped a bomb on an orphanage in Germany during World War II, killing 37 orphans. At the start of the Korean War, he volunteers to return to the cockpit and is assigned as the senior USAF advisor/Instructor Pilot to the Republic of Korea Air Force, flying F-51D Mustangs. As he and his cadre of USAF instructors train the South Korean pilots, several orphaned war refugees gather at the base, and he solicits the aid of two Korean adults  and establishes a shelter for the orphans. When the Communists begin an offensive in the area, Hess evacuates the orphans on foot and then later, after much struggle with higher headquarters, obtains an airlift of USAF cargo planes to evacuate them to the island of Cheju where a more permanent orphanage is established.'] ["The Panero is an illustrious traditional family from Astorga with literary links extending for generations. The patriarch, Leopoldo Panero, was the best regarded poet in Spain during his time. He died suddenly of a heart condition in 1962. Twelve years later, his widow, the still beautiful and elegant Felicidad Blanc, in the company of two of her sons Juan Luis and Michi, is shown in a outdoor homage to the late poet. Felicidad Blanc, with a calm and cultured voice, tells about the memories of her youth during the Spanish civil war and her courtship with the famous poet. A medical's doctor daughter from Madrid's upper middle class, she became upon her marriage a traditional Spanish wife completed overshadow by her dominating famous husband. She dedicated her life to her husband, their three sons and the family home in Astorga. The death of her husband brought the family's economical decline and she was forced to sell family properties while raising her sons alone. The three brothers, all cultured and well spoken had literary ambitions. The two eldest Juan Luis and Leopoldo Maria became distinguished poets in their own right. Juan Luis and his younger brother Michi discuss the family's troubles, but as a rivalry exist between Juan Luis and Leopoldo Maria they do not share screen time. Juan Luis, ironic and scathing, talks about his travels, his friends in literary circles including Jorge Luis Borges, reserving his resentment for his family. His relationship with his father was distant. Michi, the youngest sibling, began many careers without finishing any. He seems unable to find his place in life. Ultimately was the middle brother, Leopoldo Maria, who achieved literary recognition as a poet following in the footsteps of his father. His success only cemented the rivalry with his resentful older brother. However Leopoldo Maria is also the most troubled of the three brothers. The siblings, like their father and many relatives, have problems with alcoholism to which Leopoldo Maria added drug addiction, periods in jail for his leftist activities, any many stays in psychiatric clinics. He is featured in the documentary as talkative young man brooding because of his early convalescence and psychotic episodes. However, he displays a clear insight and black humor about his destructive own life and his dysfunctional family. Leopoldo reserves his resentment towards his mother who interned him in a mad house after a failed suicide attempt. Felicidad Blanc recounts multiple visits to her troubled son in jail, her efforts and failures raising her sons among the economic family decline. With a more romantic view of the past, but admitting her failures, Felicidad defends herself from the attacks of her two youngest sons."] ['The main events depicted take place between 1994–1996, beginning with scenes from the 1992 Los Angeles riots. Swank plays the role of Erin Gruwell, a new, excited school teacher who leaves the safety of her hometown, Newport Beach, to teach at Woodrow Wilson High School in Long Beach, a formerly high achieving school which has recently put an integration plan in place. Her enthusiasm is rapidly challenged when she realizes that her class are all "at-risk" high school students, also known as "unteachables", and not the eager-for-college students she was expecting. The high school students self-segregate into racial groups in the classroom, fights break out, and eventually most of the high school students stop attending class. Not only does Gruwell meet opposition from her high school students, but she also has a difficult time with her department head, who refuses to let her teach her high school students with books in case they get damaged and lost, and instead tells her to focus on training them discipline and obedience. One night, two high school students, Eva , a Mexican American girl and narrator for much of the film, and a Cambodian refugee, Sindy , frequent the same convenience store. An additional student, Grant Rice  is frustrated at losing an arcade game and demands a refund from the owner. When he storms out, Eva\'s boyfriend attempts a drive-by shooting, intending to kill Grant but misses, accidentally killing Sindy\'s boyfriend. As a witness, Eva must testify at court; she intends to guard "her own" in her testimony. At school, Gruwell intercepts a racist drawing by one of her high school students and utilizes it to teach them about the Holocaust. She gradually begins to earn their trust and buys them composition books to record their diaries, in which they talk about their experiences of being abused, seeing their friends die, and being evicted. Determined to reform her high school students, Gruwell takes on two part-time jobs to pay for more books and spends a lot more time at school, to the disappointment of her husband . Her students start to behave with respect and discover a lot more. A transformation is specifically visible in one student, Marcus ([[Jason Finn . Gruwell invites various Jewish Holocaust survivors to talk with her class about their experiences and requires the students to attend a field trip to the Museum of Tolerance. Meanwhile, her unorthodox training methods are scorned by her colleagues and department chair Margaret Campbell . The following year comes, and Gruwell teaches her class again, making it the second year of her being their teacher. On the first day of sophomore year, Gruwell makes her class do a "Toast for Change", allowing everyone to open up about their struggles and how they would attempt to change each. . In class, when reading The Diary of Anne Frank, they invite Miep Gies ([[Pat Carroll , the woman who sheltered Anne Frank from the German soldiers to talk to them. After they raise the money to bring her over, Miep shares her experiences hiding Anne Frank. When Marcus tells her that she is his hero, she denies it, claiming she was merely doing the right thing. Her denial leads Eva to rethink her plan to lie during her testimony. When she testifies, she finally breaks down and tells the truth, much to some of her family members\' dismay and to her own risk. Meanwhile, Gruwell asks her students to write their diaries in book form. She compiles the entries and names it The Freedom Writers Diary. Her husband divorces her and Margaret tells her she cannot teach her kids for their junior year. Gruwell fights this decision, eventually convincing the superintendent to permit her to teach her kids\' junior and senior year. The film ends with a note that Gruwell successfully prepared numerous high school students to graduate high school and attend college, for many the first in their families to do so.'] ['The film follows three aspiring screenwriters as they struggle to turn their scripts into movies.{{cite news}} {{Dead link}} David is a hip talent agent\'s assistant with three scripts circulating around town. He\'s plugged into "young Hollywood" - and when he\'s not working or writing, he\'s usually hanging out at the beach. Joe is a middle-aged family man who has split time over the last three years between caring for his autistic daughter and writing what he believes could be the great American screenplay. And Deborah is trying to become one of the few African-American women to ever write and direct a feature film, though she\'s struggling just to pay her bills while she searches for money to produce her script. Between these stories, the film intercuts critical insight from such Hollywood screenwriters as James L. Brooks, Nora Ephron, Carrie Fisher, Gary Ross, Steven E. de Souza, Ed Solomon, Paul Guay, Larry Karaszewski and Scott Alexander.Creative Screenwriting magazine, January-February 2006, "Daniel Snyder Documents the Dream," p. 16.'] ['The film tells of novice dancer Irene Foote  who convinces vaudeville comic Vernon Castle  to give up slapstick comedy in favor of sophisticated ballroom dancing. Their big break comes when they are stranded in Paris, along with their friend Walter Ashe , with no money. They catch the eye of influential agent Maggie Sutton , who arranges a tryout for them at the prestigious Café de Paris, where they become an overnight sensation. After taking Europe by storm, the Castles return to the United States and become just as big a sensation. Their fame and fortune rises to unprecedented heights in the immediate pre&ndash;World War I years. When Vernon volunteers to join the air force, Irene makes patriotic movie serials to aid the war effort. However, Vernon is killed in a training accident, leaving Irene to carry on alone.'] ["In Los Angeles in 1976, Christopher Isherwood begins writing a memoir. The film flashes back to 1931 as Christopher prepares to leave England for Germany, against the wishes of his mother Kathleen. On the train he meets Gerald Hamilton, an English ne'er-do-well of Irish descent, who suggests that Christopher take a room at the boarding house where he lives. Upon his arrival in Berlin, Christopher meets his friend Wystan Auden, who takes him to the Cosy Corner, a seedy gay club populated by hustlers. Christopher takes up residence at Gerald's boarding house under landlady Fräulein Thurau. There he becomes fast friends with Jean Ross, an aspiring actress who sings at an underground club. He also begins a tumultuous affair with Caspar, one of the rentboys from the Cosy Corner. Their relationship continues until Caspar abruptly disappears. Christopher does not see him until many months later and is horrified to see that he has joined the Nazis. To earn a living Christopher offers English lessons. One of his students is Wilfrid Landauer, the wealthy Jewish owner of a department store. He entreats Christopher to take a political stand against Nazism but Christopher, as an artist, initially demurs. Herr Landauer's home is ransacked by the Nazis and they lead a boycott against his and other Jewish-owned businesses. Christopher last sees Wilfrid when their eyes sorrowfully meet over a bonfire of books the Nazis are burning. Heinz Neddermayer, a street sweeper whom Christopher espies from a café, enters Christopher's life and they fall in love. Frau Neddermeyer looks kindly upon Christopher but Heinz's brother Gerhardt, a Nazi sympathizer, detests him. When Frau Neddermayer enters a sanatorium for treatment of tuberculosis, Gerhardt angrily advises Heinz that Christopher and Jean are no longer welcome in his home. Bobby Gilbert, the American steel heir, whom Jean had been courting to take her to Hollywood, departs Berlin suddenly, leaving Jean bereft and pregnant. She pawns her jewellery to pay for an abortion and soon after leaves Berlin as well. With the Nazis gaining in power, Christopher and Heinz decide to leave Berlin. They travel to England where Christopher tries to secure permanent residency for Heinz. Their hopes are dashed, however, when a passport officer denies Heinz a permit to remain in the country. The couple decides to travel around Europe, avoiding a return to Nazi Germany. Several years later Jean and Christopher chance upon each other in an outdoor café in England. They reminisce and he tells her that Heinz was eventually arrested and sentenced to prison, followed by a stint in the army. Jean confides that she does not miss Berlin. The scene shifts to 1952. Christopher has returned to Berlin for the first time since 1934, to write a magazine article. He reunites with Heinz who, following the partition of the city, ended up in East Berlin. He has married and has a son named Cristoph. Heinz expresses his wish that Christopher should find a family of his own and suggests that he and his family could move to America and become Christopher's family as well. Christopher refuses to commit to the idea but promises to remain in contact with Heinz. He visits his old boarding house for a joyful reunion with Fräulein Thurau, whose home ended up being in the American sector of the city. She presents him with the dolphin clock that adorned his old room, exhorting him to look at it and remember happy times. Closing titles convey that the next year, 1953, Christopher met Don Bachardy and the two remained together until Isherwood's death. Christopher and His Kind was published in 1976 and Heinz, shocked at its frankness, never communicated with Christopher again."] ["This documentary was filmed over the course of a yearhttp://www.imdb.com/title/tt0496301/ and shows 5 of Dolly's most avid fans as they follow her career. Dolly Parton's upbeat attitude, sense of humor, and great talent allow her to inspire fans across the country. The film is made up of interviews, footage of daily life, trips to Dolly concerts, and pilgrimages to Dollywood, the Dolly Parton theme park. The film documents the ways that Dolly's fans exhibit not only their adoration for Dolly, but also their need to be close to her, literally following her career as they travel to as many venues where she makes appearances as possible. For the Love of Dolly shows that fandom can give meaning to some people's lives, but it can also overwhelm the lives of others."] ["The film opens with a pre-fame Bruce Lee  delivering newspapers in Seattle, Washington. . We then see Lee competing in various martial arts tournaments and eventually landing a role on the television show The Green Hornet. He also gets married, and has to fight a whole lot of challengers. Later, Lee goes to Hong Kong, and, after being discovered on television by the wife of director Lo Wei, is given a contract at Golden Harvest. Lee also meets and falls in love with actress Betty Ting-Pei, who announces that she is pregnant with his love child . The soap opera-style romance takes over the film in its second half, and at one point there is a love triangle between Lee, Betty Ting-Pei, and one of Lee's co-stars ."] ["The opening of the film shows us a montage of Adolf Hitler's life from the years 1899-1907. The 10-year old Hitler  is shown to be arrogant and disobedient. He has a stern, ill-tempered father, Alois Hitler ([[Ian Hogg , and a doting mother, Klara Hitler , who indulges his dreams of becoming a great artist. One day, his father dies of a heart attack but the young Hitler shows no empathy or concern. Several years later, a 17-year old Hitler  applies unsuccessfully to the Vienna Arts Academy but is told he lacks the talent to become an artist. Following his mother’s death, he moves to Vienna permanently but is unable to find work and soon becomes destitute and homeless. Influenced by the city’s prevalent anti-semitism, young Hitler becomes convinced that the Jews and immigrants are to blame for his misfortunes. In 1914, the now adult Hitler  leaves Austria for Munich and joins the Germany army to fight in the First World War. After surviving a major battle, he is promoted to the rank of Corporal but his intense fanaticism and virulent anti-semitic and anti-Marxist rhetoric make him unpopular with the other soldiers, who routinely ridicule and ostracise him. After Hitler displays bravery during one particular battle, he emotionally blackmails his Jewish commanding officer into awarding him an Iron Cross, claiming to be the only soldier in the regiment to defend him against anti-semitism. During the last days of the war, when Germany is in retreat, Hitler is blinded by a gas attack and is recovering in a hospital when, he learns that the German Army has surrendered in the war. Hearing the news, he suffers an emotional breakdown, regains his eyesight and vows to dedicate his life toward reversing the outcome of the war. Hitler returns to Munich in 1919 to find it in the midst of political revolution. Still employed by the army, he is assigned to report on the activities of the newly formed political parties in the city. After attending a meeting of the German Worker’s party, he is recruited by the party’s leader, Anton Drexler , to give speeches and organise its propaganda activities. Hitler’s speeches repeat the same themes: that Germany has been betrayed by the leaders who surrendered in the last war as well as the Communists, Jews and immigrants who are destroying the country from within. Gradually, his popularity as a fiery orator significantly expands the party’s membership and attracts the attention of wealthy entrepreneur, Ernst Hanfstaengl , who encourages Hitler to refine his image and create a symbol for the party - which Hitler does, by cropping his facial hair into his trademark toothbrush moustache, and making the Swastika the party's official emblem, respectively. Hansftaengl also puts Hitler in contact with the city’s elites; among them, decorated war hero, Herman Goering ; who help the party raise funds, allowing Hitler to buy his own newspaper and hire the SA , led by the militant Captain Röhm , to act as his personal security and also promote the party in the streets through agitation and violence against political opponents and Jews. The party’s new direction toward the elites and away from its working class roots upsets Drexler, who wants the party to merge with another right wing group, a decision Hitler strongly opposes. Following a tense confrontation, Hitler threatens to resign the party unless Drexler agrees to step down as leader. Drexler acquiesces, and in 1921, Hitler becomes Fuhrer of the newly named National Socialist Party. In 1923, Germany’s economic situation has worsened and the Bavarian Commissar, Gustav von Kahr , bans Hitler from holding rallies, as he believes the party’s agitation is causing further unrest around the countryside. Hansfaengl introduces Hitler to Fritz Gerlich , a renowned journalist and Von Kahr’s speechwriter. Hitler hopes he can persuade Gerlich to convince Kahr to accept him as an ally in his government. Gerlich, however, concludes from the conversation that Hitler is an unstable psychopath with a dangerous ideology and warns Kahr that he must be stopped. Kahr tries to outfox Hitler by convincing him that he is preparing to stage a military coup against the national government in Berlin and that Hitler must remain silent or else he can play no part in it. Upon learning that the proposed putsch is merely a ruse and that Kahr has no intention of working with him, Hitler confronts Kahr at gunpoint and coerces him and his associates into supporting his own plan for a putsch. To convince them to side with him, he gains the tacit approval of esteemed military general, Erich von Ludendorrff . Röhm and the SA plan to take over the military barracks in preparation for a march on Berlin. However, when Ludendorff releases Von Kahr and his associates, they alert the Bavarian Army of Hitler’s plan and the attempted coup is quickly crushed. Hitler takes refuge at the Hanfstaengl’s home, almost resorting to suicide before Ernst’s wife, Helene Hanfstaengl , stops him. Hitler is promptly arrested by the authorities and put on trial for attempted treason. Much to Gerlich’s horror, who is watching in the stands, Hitler manages to use the trial to his advantage, winning over the audience and the Judge with his courtroom theatrics and compelling speeches, in which he accuses Kahr and the national government, of being the real traitors. Consequently, the Judge awards him a lenient sentence of nine months imprisonment, during which Hitler writes his memoirs , assisted by his secretary, Rudolph Hess . After his release from prison, Hitler visits the Hansftaegls. Ernst has fallen out of favour with Hitler for abandoning the putsch in order to escape jail time and for refusing to publish Hitler’s memoirs. Their relationship is further fractured when Ernst becomes jealous of Hitler’s affections toward Helene, whom Hitler credits for saving his life by talking him out of suicide after the failed putsch. In 1925, Hitler goes to the countryside to escape politics. His older step-sister, Angela , and her daughter, Geli Raubal , come to live with him. Hitler quickly becomes infatuated and protective toward the attractive Geli, and he takes her with him when he returns to Munich to re-unify the party, which has disintegrated into warring factions since his incarceration. Blaming the putsch’s failure on Ludendorff’s incompetence, Hitler declares that the party can no longer rely on military means to achieve power but rather by following a legal, democratic course. He tells the party their task is to win elections, not cause agitation. This declaration puts him into conflict with Röhm, who continues to believe the party’s route to power is through an SA-led coup. Röhm’s refusal to bow to Hitler’s directive strains their relationship. Nonetheless, Hitler’s demand for complete subordination of the party wins the approval of the remaining party leaders, including an impressionable young agitator named Joseph Goebbels . During the late 1920s, as Germany’s economic situation once again worsens, the party’s political fortunes improve, with the National Socialists gaining more and more seats in the Reichstag with each election. Alarmed by the party’s growing popularity, Gerlich proceeds to write articles in opposition to Hitler, inflaming both Hitler and the SA, who attempt to suppress the newspaper through violence and intimidation. The paper’s editor bows to the pressure and fires Gerlich. Gerlich, however, soon forms his own newspaper by covertly using the same publishing house which produces Hitler’s newspapers, knowing that it is the one publishing company Hitler cannot afford to close down. Meanwhile, Geli, who has become distraught by Hitler’s emotionally abusive behaviour and overbearing control over her life, commits suicide with his pistol. Following her death, Hitler becomes acquainted with Eva Braun , who soon becomes his live-in lover until she too begins experiencing the same feeling of imprisonment that Geli felt. Eva eventually attempts suicide, but after the attempt fails, Hitler tells her never to do so again as it will interfere with his political ambitions. In 1932, Hitler becomes a German citizen in order so that he may run for President against incumbent, Paul von Hindenburg . Although he is unsuccessful, the party has become the largest party in the Reichstag, a fact which emboldens Hitler to demand Hindenburg appoint him Chancellor . Hindenburg, who despises Hitler, instead appoints Franz von Papen and Kurt von Schleicher to the Chancellorship, respectively, but both men fail in their positions as the National Socialists continually use their majority to dissolve each parliamentary session. Left with no other choice, Hindenburg appoints Hitler German Chancellor in 1933. Hitler tells Goering and Goebbels that they must do something drastic to consolidate their hold on power. Thereafter, the Reichstag is mysteriously set on fire, allegedly by a communist, and Hitler uses the incident to persuade the parliament to award him dictatorial powers, which include suspension of civil liberties and suppression of the press. As a consequence, Gerlich's newspaper is shut down and he is arrested by the SA. Despite Germany becoming a police state under his command, Hitler still feels insecure in his position and believes he must crush all his opponents once and for all. On June 30, 1934 , Röhm is arrested for refusing to accept that the SA must be absolved into the German Army rather than remain a separate para-military force. Given the choice by Hitler to commit suicide, Röhm refuses and is shot dead. Gerlich, who has been imprisoned at the Dachau concentration camp, is brutally beaten and murdered, and his wife sent a pair of his bloodied spectacles with no official notice of her husband’s death. Von Kahr, Schelicher and Hitler’s other political enemies are all swiftly ambushed and murdered. Hanfstaengl, who has all but completely fallen out out favour with Hitler, and whose marriage to Helene has become estranged after she has grown closer to Hitler, makes plans to flee Germany and the new regime. Following Hindenburg’s death in August, 1934, Hitler combines the office of President and Chancellor into one – at last making him the absolute ruler of Germany."] ['Townes Van Zandt was a well regarded and influential musician and songwriter. The film covers some of Van Zandt\'s time spent in Houston, Texas, where he began his musical development,Lamble, David . "Downwardly mobile" East Bay Area Reporter. Retrieved 2010-05-31. though according to the film\'s DVD commentary, much was excluded from the early years, when he met many of his early influences and life long friends , and developed his musical skills in the city\'s folk and country scene in the late 60s and early 70s.{{cite video}}'] ['The film is an adaptation of poet and memoirist Jim Carroll\'s  juvenile diaries chronichling his kaleidoscopic free-fall into the harrowing world of drug addiction. As a member of a seemingly unbeatable high school basketball squad, Jim\'s life centers around the basketball court and the court becomes a metaphor for the world in his mind. A best friend who is dying of leukemia, a coach  who takes unacceptable liberties with the boys on his team, teenage sexual angst, and an appetite for heroin all begin to encroach on young Jim\'s dream of becoming a basketball star. Soon, the dark streets of New York become a refuge from his mother\'s mounting concern for her son. He cannot go home and his only escape from the reality of the streets is heroin for which he steals, robs and prostitutes himself. Only with the help of Reggie, an older neighborhood friend with whom Jim "picked up a game" now and then, is he able to begin the long journey back to sanity, which ultimately ends with Jim\'s incarceration in a state penitentiary. After months in the hospital, he gets out and later does a talk show about his drug life, but before that he turned down free drugs given to him by his old friend, Pedro. The film is set in the early 90s, while Carroll\'s actual book recounts experiences from growing up in the 60s. Jim started out as a practice basketball player, and moved on to writing his Basketball Diaries.'] ['Francesco, the spoiled son of Pietro Bernardone, a wealthy textile merchant, returns home from fighting in the war between Assisi and Perugia. Struck by a feverish illness that has forced him to leave the war, Francesco lies on his bed tormented by visions of his past when he was a boisterous, arrogant youth. During a long recovery process, he slowly finds God in the midst of all, in poverty, chastity and obedience, experiencing a recovery not only of his body but of his soul. Healthy again, Francesco returns to his normal life as a rich young man. However, to the consternation of his parents, he begins to spend lots of time surrounded by nature, flowers, trees, animals and poetry as he becomes more and more reluctant to resume his prior life style. Pietro\'s obsession with gold now fills Francesco with revulsion, creating an open confrontation between Francesco and Pietro. Francesco rebuffs offers to take over the family business and throws the textiles out of the window. Pietro, frustrated, beats Francesco and humiliates him in front of the city\'s Bishop and population. Francesco renounces all his worldly possessions and his "noble" family name Bernardone and leaves Assisi naked and free from his past to live an ascetic and simple life as a man of God and nature. Francesco goes toward the ruins of the chapel of San Damiano, where he hears God\'s voice asking him to restore it. Much to the dismay of his family, friends and the local bishop, Francesco gradually gains a following amongst the poor and the suffering. His friend Bernardo happily joins him after returning from a Crusade that left him in sorrow and emptiness. Two other friends, Silvestro and Giocondo, admiring Francesco\'s new life style as a beggar, help to rebuild the chapel of San Damiano. Clare, a beautiful young woman also from a wealthy family, serves and cares for lepers of the community. She joins the brothers in their life of poverty. Meanwhile in Assisi, the high classes of nobility, including the Bishop, protest against Francesco and his group, worried about them "corrupting" the whole of Assisi\'s youth and they command Francesco\'s friend Paolo to hinder and stop the so-called "minor brothers". One day the chapel is set on fire by the establishment, and one of the parishioners is dead. Because of conflicts between the high corrupted levels of the Church and Francesco\'s group, Francesco decides to walk to the Vatican in Rome to ask Pope Innocent III for advice. Once in Rome, Francesco becomes stunned by the enormous wealth, power, lust and emptiness that surrounds the throne of St. Peter. When brought to face the Pope, Francesco breaks from reciting Paolo\'s carefully prepared script and calmly protests against such pomp and worldliness, reciting the scriptures  to prove that Christ\'s words are totally opposite to Rome\'s wealth. Due to his protest, Francesco and his friends are jailed, and, finally accepting his admiration toward Francesco, Paolo decides to join them, revealing to Francesco how ashamed he is to be dressed in fine and luxurious clothes in front of a humble and kind man dressed as a beggar. Apparently convinced by the sincerity of Paolo\'s conversion, the Pope orders Francesco and his friends to be brought back. To everyone\'s astonishment, the Pope kisses Francesco\'s feet and blesses him and his companions, wishing for them a long world-wide society of men and women willing to serve God in just that way. Some of the final lines from Rome  place the sincerity of the Pope\'s display in question, if the words speak for the Pope: "Don\'t be alarmed, his holiness knows what he is doing. This is the man who will speak to the poor, and bring them back to us." The film finishes with the sight of Francesco slowly walking alone into the distance in the countryside.'] ['William Lee is an exterminator who finds that his wife Joan is stealing his insecticide  to use as a drug. When Lee is arrested by the police, he begins hallucinating because of "bug powder" exposure. He believes he is a secret agent whose controller  assigns him the mission of killing Joan, who is an agent of an organization called Interzone Incorporated. Lee dismisses the bug and its instructions and kills it. He returns home to find Joan sleeping with Hank, one of his writer friends. Shortly afterwards, he accidentally kills her while attempting to shoot a drinking glass off of her head in imitation of William Tell. Having inadvertently accomplished his "mission", Lee flees to Interzone. He spends his time writing reports for his imaginary handler, and it is these documents which, at the insistence of his literary colleagues, eventually become the titular book. Whilst Lee is under the influence of assorted mind-altering substances, his typewriter, a Clark Nova, becomes a giant talking insect which tells him to find Dr. Benway, by seducing Joan Frost, who is a doppelgänger of his dead wife. After coming to the conclusion that Dr. Benway is, in fact, the secret mastermind of a narcotics operation for a drug called "black meat" which is supposedly derived from the guts of giant centipedes, Lee completes his report and flees Interzone to Annexia with Joan Frost. Stopped by the Annexian border patrol and instructed to prove that he is a writer as he claims, Lee produces a pen. As this is insufficient proof for passage he inexplicably offers a demonstration of his William Tell routine using a glass atop Joan Frost\'s head. He again misses badly and thus re-enacts the earlier killing of his wife. He is then allowed to enter Annexia.'] ['Before Night Falls is based on the autobiography of the same name by Cuban poet and novelist Reinaldo Arenas. In the film, Arenas, who was openly gay, is born in Oriente in 1943 and raised by his single mother and her parents, who soon move the entire family to Holguín. After moving to Havana in the sixties to continue his studies, Reinaldo begins to explore his ambitions, as well as his sexuality. After receiving an honorary mention in a writing contest, Arenas is offered the chance to publish his first work. Through his work and friendships with other openly gay men , Arenas manages to find himself. The political climate in Cuba becomes increasingly dangerous, and in the early seventies Arenas is arrested for allegedly sexually assaulting minors, and for publishing abroad without official consent. In the next decade, Arenas is in and out of prison, attempting and failing to leave the country several times. In 1980, Arenas finally leaves Cuba for the US, starting a new life with his close friend and lover Lazaro Gomez Carriles. A few years later, Arenas is diagnosed with AIDS, and after spending several years suffering he dies in 1990 with the help of Lazaro.'] ['The film started out with a young Ned Kelly rescuing a young boy from drowning. It then pans to the Australian bush with Ned talking about his father. He then awakens in the Australian outback and sees a white mare. He rides it into town, only to be arrested and subsequently imprisoned in 1871, for supposedly stealing the horse, even though it had actually been stolen by Wild Wright, Ned\'s friend. Two years later Ned is released and comes home to a warm welcome from his Catholic Irish family. The Kelly family are seemingly working to get ahead in life, by owning horses and farming. One night at a bar, a local Victoria Police Officer named Fitzpatrick, offers to buy Ned\'s sister a drink. After several attempts, Kate Kelly insists she doesn\'t want one. Ned intervenes and hostilities ensue when fellow Officers help Fitzpatrick. Getting back at Ned, the Victoria Police Officers confiscate the Kellys horses. Ned, his brother Dan and their friends Steve Hart, Joe Byrne and Wild Wright steal back their horses. One evening later, Fitzpatrick arrives at the Kelly house, while Ned is away, to visit Kate, only to be told that she doesn\'t want to see him. Fitzpatrick tells them they have warrants for them, for horse stealing. A fight ensues and Fitzpatrick returns to the Police office, telling the others that Ned Kelly shot him. The Police then arrest Ned\'s mother . Ned, Dan, Steve and Joe become outlaws on the run. They later meet some Police in the Victorian bushlands and kill Constable Lonigan and two other Officers in a shootout. For the following months the "Kelly Gang" avoids capture, living in the outback, often without food. The Colonial Government sends in Superintendent Francis Hare, who arrests many people including Joe Byrne\'s lifelong friend, Aaron Sherrit. Sherrit, being told that they don\'t want to harm his friend Joe, but only want the Kellys, provides a location where the gang might be. Byrne learns of this and arrives one night armed with a loaded shotgun and kills Aaron for being an informant. The next day the Kelly Gang take over the town of Glenrowan, taking seventy hostages at the Glenrowan Inn, but also winning the trust of the townspeople there. Hare and the Police are set to capture the gang as their train is saved from derailment by an escaped hostage. The Police then lay siege to the inn at dawn. The Kelly Gang, using plate metal body armour, emerge from the inn and begin shooting, but are forced inside again. Joe Byrne is shot and dies inside the inn. Morning passes, and the Police wonder where the outlaws are. Ned then re-emerges from the inn but is shot in the arms and legs and falls. Dan and Steve, down to their last bullets and knowing all is lost, commit suicide. Ned regains consciousness and even though gravely injured, continues to fire at the Police. He finally is shot to the ground and taken down. Ned is loaded onto a train, and Hare asks if he may have the beloved green sash. The train then steams away. It is noted that even with a petition of over 30,000 signatures for mercy, Ned Kelly was sentenced to death for the murder of Constable Lonigan and hanged at Old Melbourne Gaol on 11 November 1880.'] ['Cherie Currie  is a teenager in Los Angeles, California who desperately wants to be a rock star. She idolizes David Bowie and cuts her hair  and dons make-up so she will resemble Bowie\'s Aladdin Sane character. At her high school talent show, she lip syncs to "Lady Grinning Soul" and, receives many rude comments from the audience, while Marie tries her best to applaud her. Cherie ends up flipping off the audience when they begin throwing things, in addition to the comments. Against all odds, she ends up winning. Joan Jett  is a bisexual teenager who also dreams of rock and roll stardom. Joan goes into a rough-type store at the beginning of the film, and looks at all of the boys\' outfits. The sales clerk rudely says that Joan is in the wrong section, whereupon Joan dumps out all of her money onto the counter, and smartly says that she wants what the other customer  is wearing. She hangs out with her best friend, and, during drug experimentation and staying out late, teaches herself to play guitar and to sing. She and her best friend discuss sexuality as well, and things come to a minor head when she kisses Joan. Joan begins guitar lessons from a man who is supposedly great, but he teaches her the basics, and does not listen to her when she politely asks about his amps. He ignores her request at being called "Joan Jett", and refers to her as "Joan Larkin". He tries to teach her "On Top of Old Smokey", and Joan adds a very vulgar lyric to it, to which he becomes offended, telling her that vulgarity isn\'t funny. She tries again to tell him what she wants, to play like the song "Johnny B. Goode", but he still doesn\'t listen, claiming that girls don\'t play electric guitar. Frustrated, Joan hooks up her guitar to an amp without permission, and, despite her teachers\' protest, begins to play her guitar electrically. After him screaming at her to stop, Joan leaves in a huff. At a club one night, Joan is getting friendly with a young man when she spots Kim Fowley, a famous record producer . Her male friend says something sexual to her, and Joan turns him down, but tells him to wait for her when she goes to introduce herself to Kim. She approaches him, and she introduces herself as Joan Jett, and Kim tells her that that\'s a cool name. He then asks her if she\'s in a band and, if so, does she have a demo. Joan tells him no, and says, "no guys", and talks about starting an all-girl rock band. Kim soon shows his interest by introducing Joan to Sandy West , who is a drummer. Joan and Sandy become friends and start jamming together, and Kim calls to check up on them. He soon says that they will be bigger than The Beatles, and soon sits in on their rehearsals. He then suggests that they recruit a hot blonde in the vein of Brigitte Bardot. Kim and Joan comb Los Angeles\' clubs to look for hot blondes and soon discover Cherie. Kim sees her first, while Joan meets Marie across the room and compliments her on her pants. Kim calls Joan over and introduces the two of them. Kim asks Cherie if she can sing or play an instrument, and Joan gives Cherie a reassuring nod, before Cherie claims that she can sing, and tells them of her talent show victory. Kim says that they love her look, and then tells her to learn a Suzi Quatro song for an audition at a trailer park in the San Fernando Valley. Kim orders Joan to give Cherie the information and leaves, and Joan does, following an inviting "Come find me", before leaving with Kim. Cherie learns Suzi Quatro\'s "Fever" and goes to audition, but the band is very disappointed at her choice of song, in particular Lita Ford, who says that "Fever" is a song that is too slow. Kim orders Cherie out of the trailer while he and Joan write "Cherry Bomb", on the spot for her to perform at her audition. Cherie sings it and, after quickly improving, is part of the band, named The Runaways, joined by Lita Ford  on lead guitar and Robin Robins  on bass. .[2] The band rehearses pretty often and are soon about to go onto their U.S. tour. On the day that they are scheduled to leave, Cherie remarks to Marie that she wants to borrow a fancy outfit of hers. Marie refuses, despite the fact that it is Cherie\'s favorite as well, and tells her that she wants to save it for special occasions. Cherie tells her to forget it, and continues packing, but Marie has a change of heart and allows Cherie to take it. When Cherie is saying her goodbyes, her aunt remarks that her father didn\'t come home the night before. . Cherie tells her aunt not to worry, and that her father can take care of himself. She leaves the house when the band pulls up to collect her, and meets her roadie, Scott, who takes her suitcase from Marie to put it into the car. Then, Cherie spots her father\'s car parked outside the house, and goes to investigate. Upon further examination, she sees him, drunk and passed out, in the drivers\' seat. She and Marie go to him, but Lita irritably beeps the horn from a few feet away, telling Cherie to hurry up. In a heartbreaking moment, Cherie must choose between the band and her family. Ultimately, Marie makes the choice when she tells her twin to go, that she will take care of their father. After arriving at the hotel, the band complains about their room. The room only has two double beds, and they\'re limited to only one room to cut costs. Scott, their roadie, tells them that they can share his room if they want to. The gang then decides to go swimming, and Cherie breaks away from Joan and the rest of the band to call home. She gets ahold of Marie, who says that, despite the fact that Cherie left when things looked bad, that their father looks better. Cherie thanks her, and describes the hotel with false information: They each have their own room, there\'s a wet bar, and the pool is awesome. Marie remarks that she wishes that she was there, and Cherie agrees with her. From the pool, Sandy screams at Cherie to get in, and Cherie lies to Marie and says that she needs to go practice. On the night of the show, Cherie and Scott end up making out in the only bathroom available to the band. Joan and Sandy are horsing around backstage, waiting for their set when Joan realizes that she has to go to the bathroom. After realizing that she cannot go into the bathroom, because Cherie and Scott are in there, she and Sandy break in to the dressing room of the other band playing that night. Sandy remarks that they got better food than they did, and that their dressing room is bigger and better that theirs. To spite them, Joan ends up peeing on one of the guitars, and when Sandy claims that she can\'t do that, Joan says that she doesn\'t care what the band will think. When Joan sings "I Love Playing With Fire" at a later concert, Joan and Cherie are full of drugs. They are playing at a roller rink, and Cherie is watching from the sidelines as a bunch of disco lights flash around them. After the song, Joan joins Cherie, along with the rest of the band and Scott, on the roller rink floor. Joan is smoking, and she and Cherie still have drugs in their system. Because Joan has had an attraction to Cherie since they first met, she leans down and kisses her. Cherie quickly responds, and fuzzy images are shown of Joan picking Cherie up and taking her back to their room. In the dim light, Joan and Cherie are seen having drug-induced sex, and by the next morning, it is unclear if they remember anything. The next scene shows Joan wearing her underwear and a t-shirt, and hands up the phone and goes to wake Cherie, who is wrapped up in the bed sheet. Joan says that they did it, and it looks like Joan knows what happened between them last night and will tell Cherie about it, but then she says that they are signed to Mercury Records and tells her that they are going to Hollywood, California in an hour, and kisses Cherie again in her joy. The Runaways ultimately release an album. They rehearse even more because of the release of the album, but due to that, Cherie\'s voice is getting tired, thus targeting Kim\'s temper. He gets angry with her, but calls her later to apologize, and tells her that if she listens to him, she will be a success. Then he tells her that a photographer from Japan is scheduled to come by her house to get some pictures of her. When Cherie asks him if the band is coming over, Kim says that the photographer wants to do solo shots and solo interviews, and that Cherie will be the first. In the next scene, Cherie, scantily clad in black, poses in various ways on her back lawn for the photographer, much to the chagrin of her grandmother. Her grandmother ends up coming out of the house and hitting the man with her cane. Shortly before a rehearsal one day, Cherie is eating a quick snack in her kitchen when Marie comes in, wearing a kimono and bowing to her. She says "thank you very much" in Japanese, as Cherie promised to take Marie the next time she went on tour with the band. In a heart-wrenching moment, Cherie looks away, and Marie realizes that she won\'t be going to Japan with Cherie. Cherie says that nobody brings their families on tour, and Marie insists that she could help them while on tour. Cherie brushes her off and goes to rehearse. During the flight to Japan, Scott whispers to Cherie and Joan that if they have any drugs, they should get rid of them, because Japan is more strict than America. Joan and Cherie stumble to the airplanes\' bathroom and end up taking more drugs before they realize that they can\'t take anymore. They flush the rest, and the scene dissolves to them coming out of a limo to a massive crowd, dressed in kimonos, who is shouting for Cherie. Kim later calls Joan at the hotel, and Joan lies and says she\'s learned how to eat with chopsticks. She sees Cherie in the next room, clad in her corset, and gets off the phone with Kim to get a better look at her. Cherie tells her that she is going to wear it during a concert. Joan tells her that Cherie will get the band in trouble if she does, whereupon Cherie asks Joan if she looks sexy, in her opinion, and the scene ends there. Cherie gets permission to sing "Cherry Bomb" in her new corset. She is high during most of the Japan concerts, and this one is no exception. Before going onstage, she stomps on some drugs and takes them before going onstage. While high, she performs very well, and nobody suspects what she\'s up to. After their performance, Lita throws the magazines at Cherie that have pictures of her. As Lita, Cherie, and Joan argue, overenthusiastic fans break through the window and chase the girls out of the building. Cherie\'s drug problems soon get worse. Marie calls her at her fancy hotel and demands that she come home, as their father\'s drinking has gotten worse. Cherie, who was seducing Scott, replies that she doesn\'t have a home, and hangs up on her. When she is about to do an interview, Scott is escorting her downstairs to the press, and she\'s looking very ill. Scott says that everyone\'s anger doesn\'t matter, because she is all the people wants. She ends up collapsing in an elevator and is sent to the hospital. Joan is there when she wakes up, and it is clear the band is on thin ice. Upon arriving back in the United States, Cherie begins to abuse her alcoholic father\'s painkiller medication. Cherie, while at the studio recording their next album, reads a magazine article that involves the band. Sandy approaches her and asks to know what she\'s reading. She reads over her shoulder that Kim has said to the magazine that Cherie\'s attitude was like, "...a dog urinating in your face..." and that she should commit suicide like Marilyn Monroe. Lita smugly says that Kim\'s interpretation is correct, and Joan tells her to shut up, and tries to persuade Cherie to sing. Cherie has a mental breakdown and refuses to sing. Lita continues to insult her, and Joan defends her, possibly out of her attraction for her. Kim comes into the room and demands that Cherie sing. She confronts him on the article, and he tells her that it is good publicity for the band and refuses to listen to her. Cherie yells at Kim that she\'s not going to be "his little lapdog" anymore. She leaves the room, thus quitting the band. Joan goes after her, and asks Cherie why she did this. Cherie says that she can\'t do it anymore, and that her family needs her. Joan says that this is her life as Cherie walks out of the studio. Joan is outraged, and returns into the room where Cherie quit. Kim says that the girls would be, "...lucky if they got a gig singing in the shower..." Joan ends up throwing things at the sound booth window, and gets up on the table in front of it to curse Kim out, who responds by screaming, "Anarchy! Mayhem!", and The Runaways are finished. Cherie returns home and does not do better with her drugs. She goes to a supermarket while high and drunk and tries to buy a bottle of alcohol. The cashier tells her that she cannot sell it to her, and orders the manager to the register. He, too, says that she cannot buy it, and orders Cherie out of the store. Cherie ends up collapsing again in a phone booth in the supermarket parking lot, after calling Marie at work to come and pick her up. At the hospital, her sister Marie visits her and tells her to straighten up herself. After hooking up with both young men and women, Joan tries to teach her good friend how to play the guitar. She has lots of parties with drugs and alcohol, and her musical carrier is going nowhere. After her friend mentions Cherie\'s success with a movie part, Joan abruptly orders all of the young men and women, who are passed out in her living room, out of her house.She tells her friend to stay, and she goes out to think. Joan soon starts her own band, Joan Jett and the Blackhearts. A few years later, Cherie, now clean and sober, is working in a bakery and hears Joan\'s cover of "I Love Rock \'n\' Roll" on the radio. Her boss tells her to get back to work, but calls the station, anyway. Joan is visiting for interviews to up publicity for her band. After an awkward conversation between Joan, Cherie, and radio host Rodney Bingenheimer , Cherie says her goodbyes and continues working, as the camera cuts momentarily back to Joan, smiling to herself, possibly remembering all of the crazy times she and Cherie spent together. Then, the camera cuts back to Cherie, who is smiling as Joan\'s next song, "Crimson and Clover", comes on the radio,'] ["This film's timeline begins with the death of Pope John Paul I on September 29, 1978, and then flashes back to Karol Wojtyła as a young man growing up decades earlier in Wadowice, Poland. The storyline then returns slowly back to 1978, covering Wojtyła's early life, family relationships, his political involvements fighting against Nazism during World War II and struggling against post-war Communism in Poland, and his relationship and involvement in the Roman Catholic Church as he becomes a priest, a bishop, a cardinal, and is himself eventually installed as a pope."] ['In 1927, unemployed German-Jewish actor Harry Frommermann is inspired by the American group The Revelers to create a German group of the same format. He holds auditions and signs on four additional singers and a pianist. Naming themselves the "Comedian Harmonists", they meet international fame and popularity. However, they eventually run into trouble when the Nazis come to power, as half the group is Jewish.'] ["The film revolves around Patrick Chamusso, a young, apolitical man  who is accused of carrying out an attack against the government, and an Afrikaner police officer, Nic Vos, played by Tim Robbins. Vos is in charge of locating the perpetrators of a recent bomb attack against the Secunda CTL synthetic fuel refinery, which is the largest coal liquefaction plant in the world. Patrick is unwillingly swept into Vos's investigation due to his inability to provide a satisfactory explanation for his whereabouts at the time of the bombing . Eventually Patrick, his wife, Precious, , and his family are tortured and savagely abused by Vos and Vos's subordinates. Desperate, Patrick says that he is willing to confess to a crime he did not commit to protect his family from torture. At last, Vos finally concludes that Patrick is innocent, and orders his release. Fueled by the anger at the injustices he and his family suffered, Patrick joins the Umkhonto we Sizwe, the guerrilla military wing of the African National Congress and becomes exactly what Vos had initially accused him of being. This decision was an act of revenge against the government for killing his friend, tormenting not only himself, but his wife as well. He attempts to execute a plan to attack Secunda, the refinery he used to work for, by first bombing its adjacent water supply facilities, and 15 minutes later triggering the main explosion within the refinery itself. This would allow the refinery's workforce to flee between the two explosions, and not be harmed. Also, the damage of the first bomb would reduce the possibility of successfully extinguishing the fire caused by the second, main explosion. Patrick succeeds in the first part, but the second bomb is discovered by Vos and deactivated. Patrick is arrested and sentenced to 24 years in prison, after his wife goes to Vos and tells him where Patrick is, because she fell for a simple trick in which Vos left photographs of Patrick talking to a female member of the ANC. Through her unjust jealousy she sells him out. He is released early due to the abolition of apartheid. Precious, who has remarried, is waiting for him and apologizes, and Patrick forgives her and he says he is sorry as well. Some time later, he has been trying to adjust to normal life but the pain he felt wouldn't leave him. One day, he sees Vos sitting out near a small body of water opposite to the side he and friends are on. He creeps over and through some brush sees that it is indeed Vos, and though a part of him wants to break Vos' neck, he decides that it is not worth it, and the real Patrick Chamusso is shown explaining that he told himself then and there that only through forgiveness would he truly be free. He left Vos alone, and went on to remarry and take in over 80 orphaned children in South Africa to provide a home for kids who lost their families during the apartheid struggles."] ['Chicago, 1919: A young Al Capone arrives to work for mob boss Johnny Torrio. He meets Torrio\'s top man, "Big Jim" Colosimo, who runs business and politics in the First Ward while secretly on Torrio\'s payroll. Prohibition is enacted a year later, causing Torrio and other gangsters like Dini O\'Bannion, George "Bugs" Moran and Earl "Hymie" Weiss to compete for profits in bootleg liquor and beer. Torrio\'s rivals conspire to have Colosimo and his henchmen killed. A reform mayor is elected, so Torrio and Capone change their base of operations to Cicero, a few miles away. Capone also has O\'Bannion killed and makes a play for Maureen Flannery, the widow of one of Colosimo\'s men. Weiss and Moran return the favor by ordering Torrio to be shot. Capone retaliates by knocking off Weiss and forcing merchants throughout the city to pay for "protection." A sergeant in the Chicago police, Schaefer, is promoted to captain and vows to end the bloodshed and extortion and put Scarface Capone behind bars. With the heat on from the cops, a crooked newspaperman named Keely tries to bribe Schaefer but fails. So he persuades Capone to move to Florida until things cool down. From a safe distance, Capone masterminds the St. Valentine\'s Day Massacre, with several of Moran\'s men gunned down in a Chicago garage. Capone and Moran call a truce, but when he learns Keely has been helping a Moran plot to kill him, Capone ends the reporter\'s life instead. Maureen finally has her fill of Capone\'s corruption and violence, while Schaefer and the feds find a way to finally put Capone away -- on charges of tax evasion, earning him 11 years at Alcatraz.'] ['The film follows William Gates and Arthur Agee, two African-American teenagers who are recruited by a scout from St. Joseph High School in Westchester, Illinois, a predominantly white high school with an outstanding basketball program, whose alumni include NBA great Isiah Thomas. Taking 90-minute commutes to school, enduring long and difficult workouts and practices, and acclimatising to a foreign social environment, Gates and Agee struggle to improve their athletic skills in a job market with heavy competition. Along the way, their families celebrate their successes and support each other during times of economic hardship caused from the school change. The film raises a number of issues concerning race, class, economic division, education and values in contemporary America. It also offers one of the most intimate views of inner-city life to be captured on film. Yet it is also the human story of two young men, their two families and their community, and the joys and struggles they live from their recruitment in 1987 through their college freshman year .'] ['The film tells the story of record producer Joe Meek, the songwriter-producer behind the 1960s hits "Have I the Right?", "Just Like Eddie" and "Johnny Remember Me". The film charts Meek\'s initial success with the multi-million selling record, "Telstar", his homosexuality which was illegal in the UK at the time, and his struggles with debt, paranoia and depression, which culminated in the killing of his landlady Violet Shenton and himself, on 3 February 1967.'] ['RoachTrip starts by waving the black flag in the House of Commons and ends wandering lost in the desert. In between is a hardcore odyssey down Canada\'s invisible punk highway in search of something pure and clean. Roach and Smash, two inseparable street buddies from Montreal introduced in 2002 documentary "S.P.I.T." earlier, ping-pong across the country. The same couple are now set loose with RoachCam and the loose mandate of filming the annual Punk migration across Canada. Camping, fishing, and fruit-picking their way through summer, these two punks are never quite able to leave the city behind. Just beyond the paradise of the Okanagan lies the lure of the streets of Vancouver.Synopsis from EyeSteelFilm website'] ["In 1938, the Redlich family flees to Kenya from Leobschütz in Silesia, Nazi Germany, to escape the increasing persecution of the Jews. Walter, a former lawyer, finds work as a farm manager and sends for his family. His wife Jettel has trouble adjusting to life in Africa, although their daughter Regina quickly adapts to her new environment, easily learning the language of the country and showing interest in local culture. Regina soon forms a close friendship with the farm's cook, Owuor. When war breaks out, the British round up all German citizens, and hold them, whether Jew or gentile, separating men from women. The Redlichs' marriage begins to deteriorate. Jettel sleeps with a German-speaking British soldier to secure work and a home on a farm for the family, and Regina and Walter both find out. Walter decides to join the British army and wants Jettel to go to Nairobi with him, but she refuses and stays to run the farm with Owuor. Regina is sent to an English boarding school, and is kept there for years, only being able to come back every so often during the harvest season. During this time, Jettel and Süsskind develop a relationship . Walter comes back from the war, and states that the British army's policy is to send all soldiers and their families back home. Jettel refuses to go with him, saying the farm needs her. Eventually their relationship rekindles itself, and Jettel allows Walter to decide whether or not they should leave. Walter applies for a position as a judge in post-war Germany. The final scene shows Walter, Regina, and Jettel traveling on an African train, as the train stops, and an African woman offers Jettel a banana, only to show her how much Africa meant to her."] ['Alvin York , a poor young Tennessee hillbilly, is an exceptional marksman, but a ne\'er-do-well prone to drinking and fighting, which doesn\'t make things any easier for his patient mother . He undergoes a religious awakening when he is struck by lightning during a late-night rainstorm and turns his life around, assisted by Pastor Rosier Pile . York vows never to get angry at anyone ever again, determining to be a good husband and provider for his sweetheart Gracie Williams . York tries to avoid induction into the Army for World War I as a conscientious objector due to his religious beliefs but gets drafted into the Army nonetheless. His status as a true conscientious objector is rejected since his church has no official standing, and he reluctantly reports to Camp Gordon for Army basic training. During basic training, his superiors find out that he is a phenomenal marksman and decide to promote him to corporal. York still wants nothing to do with the Army and killing. Major Buxton, his sympathetic commanding officer, lectures York about history from a U.S. history book. He gives York temporary leave to go home and think about fighting to save lives. York wants to read the U.S. history book and the officer gives it to him. He tells York that after his leave if he still does not want to fight then he would recommend his conscientious objector exemption. York reads the book, and while fasting and seeking God, the wind blows his Bible open to a page and verse which instructs, "Render therefore unto Cæsar the things which are Cæsar\'s; and unto God the things that are God\'s." York reports back for duty and tells his superiors that he can serve his country, leaving the matter in God\'s hands, though he still has doubts that whether the Bible allows that he can kill someone. His unit is shipped out to Europe and participates in an attack during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive. Pinned down by German fire and seeing his friends being shot down all around him, his self-doubt disappears. Owing to the large number of casualties, York suddenly finds himself the last remaining Non-Commissioned Officer  and thus placed in charge. He works his way around behind German lines and shoots with such deadly effect that the Germans surrender. Then, York forces a captured German officer  at gunpoint to order the Germans still fighting to surrender. He and the handful of other survivors end up with 132 prisoners. York becomes a national hero and is awarded the Medal of Honor. York later explains that he did what he did to hasten the end of the war and minimize the killing. Returning to Tennessee, after a ticker tape parade and celebration, the people of Tennessee have purchased the bottomland farm he tried to get before the war and paid for a house to be built on the land where Gracie and Alvin will start their married life.'] ['In 1914, Lois Burnham, a college-educated woman from an affluent family, met and fell in love with Bill Wilson, a young man of modest means. They married in 1918, and after his return from World War I, the two set out to build a life together. While Lois worked as a nurse, Bill struggled to find his niche. Lois believed that Bill was destined for greatness, and despite his increasing reliance on alcohol, she showered him with love and support. Eventually, Lois persuaded a friend’s husband to hire Bill at his financial firm. By 1927, Bill was working on Wall Street and the couple was living a luxurious lifestyle. But despite Lois’s valiant efforts to control his drinking, Bill’s addiction to alcohol spiraled out-of-control. Soon his job, their lifestyle and their dreams were all gone. In 1935, after years of struggling to cover for Bill and trying desperately to manage his disease by herself, Lois finally saw him get and stay sober – not through her help, but from the support of a fellow alcoholic, Dr. Bob Smith. As Bill and Bob attained lasting sobriety and co-founded Alcoholics Anonymous, Lois began to feel neglected. Bill got and stayed sober without her help, and she felt isolated and resentful. Lois soon discovered she was not alone in her isolation and anger, and that there was a vast number of people whose lives and relationships had been devastated because a loved one was an alcoholic or drug addict. To help herself, and others like her, she co-founded Al-Anon in 1951.'] ['When Namkhai Norbu Rinpoche escaped Tibet in 1959, he settled in Italy, where he married and had two children, of which Yeshi was the first. Yeshi was recognized as the reincarnation of Rinpoche’s uncle, a renowned Dzogchen master, who had died after the Chinese invaded Tibet. Yeshi grew up in Italy and wanted nothing to do with this legacy. He had no interest in being a teacher like his father. Nor did he want to return to Tibet and the monastery of Rinpoche’s uncle to meet the students waiting for him since his birth – something that his father continually admonished him to do. Instead, he dreamed of a normal life, away from the hoards of devoted students that always surrounded his father. Through intimate scenes Yeshi is shown growing from 18 years old to 39 years old and maturity, and his father who begins the story in his 50-year-old prime ages to 70 years and his senior years. As the story unravels, what is at stake for Namkhai Norbu Rinpoche is his spiritual tradition, for Yeshi it is his own identity. Will Yeshi’s Western lifestyle replace his family tradition and his spiritual roots? Will his father succeed at transplanting the vanishing Tibetan heritage to the Western world? As time moves forward, both father and son begin to change. The image of water and swimming, Namkhai Norbu’s beloved pastime, is used as a repetitive thematic pillar through the film as a representation of his teachings of integration and emptiness. The natural sounds of chanting and song, combined with added effects and carefully scored music, is used to express a non-verbal sense of the spiritual world Norbu Rinpoche seeks to transmit to his son, and to the West.'] ['James J. Braddock is an Irish-American boxer from New Jersey, formerly a light heavyweight contender, who is forced to give up boxing after breaking his hand in the ring. This is both a relief and an upset to his wife, Mae: she cannot bring herself to watch the violence of his chosen profession, yet knows they will have no good income without his boxing. As the United States enters the Great Depression, Braddock does manual labor as a longshoreman to support his family, even after badly breaking his hand. Unfortunately, he cannot get work every day. Thanks to a last-minute cancellation by another boxer, Braddock\'s longtime manager and friend, Joe Gould, offers him a chance to fill in for just this one night and make a little money. The fight is against the number-two contender in the world, Corn Griffin. Braddock, however, stuns the boxing experts and fans with a third-round knockout of his formidable opponent. He believes that while his right hand was broken, he became more proficient with his left hand, improving his in-ring ability. Against his wife\'s wishes, Braddock takes up Gould\'s offer to return to the ring. Mae resents this attempt by Gould to profit from her husband\'s dangerous livelihood, until she discovers that Gould and his wife also have been devastated by hard times. With a shot at the heavyweight championship held by Max Baer a possibility, Braddock continues to win. Out of a sense of pride, he uses a portion of his prize money to pay back money to the government given to him while unemployed. When his rags to riches story gets out, the sportswriter Damon Runyon dubs him "The Cinderella Man", and before long Braddock comes to represent the hopes and aspirations of the American public struggling with the Depression. A title fight against Baer comes his way. Braddock is a 10-to-1 underdog. Mae is terrified because Baer, the champ, is a vicious man who reportedly has killed at least two men in the ring. He is so destructive that the fight\'s promoter, James Johnston, forces both Braddock and Gould to watch a film of Baer in action, just so he can maintain later that he warned them what Braddock was up against. Braddock demonstrates no fear. The arrogant Baer attempts to intimidate him, even taunting Mae in public that her man might not survive. When he says this, she becomes so angry that she throws a drink at him. She cannot bring herself to attend the fight at the Madison Square Garden Bowl or even to listen to it on the radio. On June 13, 1935, in one of the biggest achievements in boxing history, Braddock defeats the seemingly invincible Baer to become the heavyweight champion of the world. A graphic at the end of the film reveals that Braddock worked on the building of the Verrazano Bridge, and that he later owned and operated heavy machinery on the docks where he worked during the Depression. Also, he and Mae used the winnings to buy a house, in which they spent the rest of their lives.'] ['The film opens with the a title card and the sound of Carlos Santana\'s guitar solo from the song Black Magic Woman. Paul Green, the primary subject of the film introduces the evening\'s concert. The camera pans to reveals that the guitarist is twelve year old C.J. Tywoniak. The School is then introduced, with Green re-enacting a scene from the film The Silence of the Lambs as Jame Gumb for a group of students. This is followed by the first of a number of interview segments with Green throughout the film. He explains why he started a performance-based program. 9 year old twin boys Asa and Tucker Collins are interviewed, followed by an interview with Tywoniak and his parents about his future in music, teenage girl Madi Diaz-Svalgard, a Quaker singer/songwriter who frequently clashes with Green and finally Will O\'Conner a less-successful student who credits the School with saving his life. These students are followed closely through the rest of the film. Green talks about various students and then introduces the All-Star program, which is concentrating on the music of Frank Zappa, and including concert footage of the students playing a Zappa song. He then leads the camera on a tour of the School, dropping in on various classroom lessons including Asa trying to learn Black Sabbath\'s "The Wizard". The film moves to the Tucker home and introduces the twins\' mother Andrea Tucker, followed by O\'Conner at home with his mother Lisa. There is a montage of scenes of the students rehearsing for a beginner\'s Black Sabbath show, and an 80\'s show by the intermediate students, and interviews with other students including Eric and Julie Slick, and keyboard teacher Eric Svalgard, father of Madi Diaz. Green confesses that, if the school is successful, the students will become better musicians than himself, followed by his personal history and introduces his wife Lisa. A clip of Zappa musician Napoleon Murphy Brock is played for the students, and Green talks about getting the students to play Zappa\'s notoriously difficult music. The All-Stars have been invited to play the annual Zappa music festival Zappanale. Green and various students are interviewed about the upcoming event. Diaz is interviewed about a side project with her Quaker friends, the Friendly Gangstaz who rap traditional Quaker hymns, which Green mocks. Tywoniak\'s parents discuss their son\'s focus and drive. Andrea Tucker applies make-up to her son Tucker and dresses Asa\'s hair into the Mohawk hairstyle seen on the film poster in preparation for the twins\' Black Sabbath show while singing the song "Sweet Leaf". Several Black Sabbath songs are performed at at the concert including "Sweet Leaf", "Paranoid" and "Iron Man". Green delivers a ranting, profanity-laden halftime speech during the intermission of the show. On the commentary track, the directors reveal that the MPAA informed them that the film was rated R, and had 38 usages of the word "fuck". The location switches to Green\'s home and a scene with his infant son, who dances enthusiastically to a Zappa song. A title card reveals that Tywoniak had to undergo emergency orthopedic surgery two days before a concert. Green introduces him at the concert, revealing that Tywoniak would not undergo the operation unless he could play the concert. Back at the school, Green tells the students that Melissa Dribben, a reporter from the Philadelphia Inquirer newspaper, is to do a feature story on the school. The article is critical of Green and his methods and O\'Conner says that it "was written with the composition of a fourth grader". Dribben had called O\'Conner "the sad Eeyore of Rock School", and revealed a Green joke about the "Will O\'Conner Award for the Student Most Likely To Kill Himself". This caused considerable friction at O\'Conner\'s home, resulting in him leaving the school. There is another montage of rehearsals for the 80s tribute show which was not going well, a situation exacerbated by a broken air conditioner on a very hot day. Diaz and Green are interviewed about their relationship, Green stating that he believes she is "an extraordinary talent". Green is interviewed in his car in a calmer, more reflective mood, revealing that he created Rock School so that he "had something that he could be the best at". Tywoniak is shown at the Guitar Gods show playing Eddie Van Halen\'s cover of the Kinks song "You Really Got Me", followed by more interview footage of Green in the backyard of his home and O\'Conner after he had left the school. Another montage of the fraught 80s show rehearsals with Green ranting and slamming doors, screaming "Don\'t fucking make mistakes! Not on \'Rebel Yell\'!" Green is interviewed about his relationship with the students, and motivation. O\'Conner is interviewed at an art space screen-printing t-shirts, reflecting on his time at the school. The All-Stars are shown rehearsing Zappa songs for their trip to Germany and the Zappanale festival, aboard the flight, arriving at the Berlin airport and traveling to Bad Doberan. Green gives a long pep talk about the upcoming concert at the youth hostel at which the kids are staying, followed by a trip to the festival. The next day, Green wakes the kids, followed by interviews with each of the All-Stars about the upcoming show, performing technically difficult music before an audience very familiar with that music. The All-Stars rehearse "Inca Roads" with Napoleon Murphy Brock, who is interviewed about his experience, recalling being incredulous when first informed of the school and the material the students were playing. Green gives a last-minute set of performance notes before they take the stage. They perform Zappa\'s "Zomby Woof", followed by an original solo by Tywoniak, intercut with shots of audience members with incredulous looks on their faces. Brock then takes the stage, dropping to his knees, genuflecting to Tywoniak before going to the front of the stage and leading the audience in a mass genuflection before leading the band on "Inca Roads". As the All-Stars leave the stage, they are greeted by a collection of other festival performers including Jimmy Carl Black of the Mothers of Invention who thanks Green for his work and describes the All-Stars as "phenomenal". The All-Stars are jamming with other festival performers in final concert scene, and Green hugs his performers. The end of the film features interviews with O\'Conner, Tywoniak, Diaz, Green and the Tucker twins trying to sum up their Rock School experience. The credit sequence features the students playing "School\'s Out" with Alice Cooper at the film\'s premiere at the Sundance Film Festival, intercut with additional scenes of Green and the students of the school.'] ['Much of the film is based on Guthrie\'s attempt to humanize the desperate Okie Dust Bowl refugees in California during the Great Depression. Many of the scenes were filmed in and around Bakersfield and Kern County, actual places of Dust Bowl strife and settlement. Most of the Texas town of Pampa was filmed in Isleton, CA, a small Delta town with an old main street. Guthrie is best known for his very popular folk songs, most notably, "This Land Is Your Land".'] ["At eight years old, James Dean lives with his estranged father Winton and mother Mildred in 1939 Santa Monica, California. When Mildred dies of cancer in 1940, Winton sends James on a train to Fairmount, Indiana, along with the coffin containing her body. Winton does not show up at the funeral, leaving James to be raised by his aunt and uncle on a farm in Fairmount. Over the years, he becomes more curious about his father's decision to abandon him. He tries to impress him by sending him a package displaying his various athletic trophies in high school sports. James moves back to Santa Monica in June 1949, shortly after high school graduation, and finds that Winton has remarried. He decides to become an actor and takes classes under James Whitmore. Whitmore is impressed by his acting ability, which encourages him to move to New York City in September 1951 to pursue an acting career. Despite being a struggling actor, he enjoys the new lifestyle. He befriends fellow actor Martin Landau and has a romantic relationship with Christine White. Both are accepted into the prestigious Actors Studio. He receives critical acclaim in Broadway theatre productions and for a role in a television movie drama that is broadcast nationwide. He tries to tell Winton about his successful rise in acting, but his father still reacts with indifference, causing more emotional turmoil for him. Film producer-director Elia Kazan hires James for the leading role in East of Eden , marking his Hollywood debut. He moves to Hollywood in April 1954 to begin filming for Eden and is introduced to Jack Warner, the stern president of Warner Bros. Studios who is determined to transform him into a movie star. Warner becomes suspicious of his personal life . On the Warner Bros. backlot, he falls in love with actress Pier Angeli, who is working on the neighboring production of The Silver Chalice . Despite concerns from Pier's domineering mother, James and his girlfriend buy a beach house in which they live together. Meanwhile, eccentric director Nicholas Ray casts him in the lead role for Rebel Without a Cause . He once again hopes to impress his father with his rising movie star career in Hollywood, but Winton persists with his indifference. When East of Eden debuts, Warner is furious that he does not show up at the premiere. He considers shutting down production of Rebel Without a Cause, but he drops the idea due to James's praised performance in Eden. Later, he finds out that Warner sided with Pier's mother over his break up with her. She ends up marrying Vic Damone, while James then signs a one million dollar contract with Warner Bros. and is cast in Giant . His mental breakdowns become more apparent when he starts conflicting with director George Stevens. Angered with his life, James decides to learn the truth about his father's carelessness over him since he was eight years old. Winton tells him that his real father was a man with whom his mother had an affair during the marriage and that he did not have the courage to raise him, not being his real father. With his inner demons resolved, he begins to enjoy life once more and adapt a friendly relationship with director Stevens. Shortly afterward, he dies in a tragic car accident that shocks both members of the film industry and the general public. En route on a train to Indiana, Winton sits next to his coffin in the storage room. Despite the fact that he is dead, Winton does not intend to abandon him once more."] ['The film follows the adventures of the writer-adventurer Jack London  who was, among other things, oyster pirate, hobo, sailor, prospector and war correspondent.'] ["In Al Franken: God Spoke, the makers of The War Room capture the emergence of Al Franken as a political commentator. The film is shot over the course of two years and follows Franken from his highly publicized feud with Fox News Channel anchor Bill O'Reilly to his fierce campaign against President George W. Bush during the 2004 election.  The film goes to several different places to catch Franken in real settings. The film crew went with him to Iraq during a USO tour in that country, followed him during his airing on Air America Radio, and during his various campaigns. The film crew is given behind the scenes access as the noted liberal goes up against his rivals. The film features many of those allied with Franken and many of his opponents. Some of his allies in this film include Michael Moore, Al Gore, and Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. Some of his featured opponents include Ann Coulter and Bill O'Reilly."] ["The story takes place in and around Paris, France in 1931. The story told is one of a love triangle between the Millers and Anaïs Nin . She is in a stable relationship with Hugo , but longs for more out of life. When Anaïs Nin first meets Henry Miller , she sees in him a rough man from New York. He has a talent for literature and is working on his first book. Nin sees Henry and his wife June  as having a liberating, bohemian lifestyle that she is drawn to. Nin becomes involved in the couple's tormented relationship, having an affair with Henry and also pursuing June. Ultimately, Nin helps Henry to publish his novel, Tropic of Cancer, but catalyzes the Millers' separation, while she returns to her husband Hugo."] ["The movie is a depiction of the life of former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani, focusing primarily on his mayoral career and response to the September 11 attacks.James Woods prepares for his role as NYC's ex-Mayor | Rudy: The Rudy Giuliani Story | Television News | TV | Entertainment Weekly"] ["In a larger context, The Mirror depicts the thoughts and emotions of Alexei  and the world surrounding him. The structure of the film is discontinuous and non-chronological, without a conventional plot, and combines childhood memories with newsreel footage. The film switches between three different time frames: prewar, wartime and the postwar 1960s. The film opens with Alexei's son Ignat  switching on a television set and watching the examination of a stammerer by a physician. In the next scene, set in the countryside during the prewar time sequence, Alexei's mother Maria  talks with a doctor who chances to be passing by . The exterior and the interior of the house are shown, as well as a barn on fire. In a dream sequence Maria is washing her hair. Set in the postwar time frame, in the 1960s, Alexei is talking with his mother Maria on the phone while the interior of a house is shown. Switching to the prewar time frame, the mother, Maria, is shown at her work as a proofreader at a printing press. She is worrying about a mistake she may have overlooked, but is comforted by her colleague Lisa , who then reduces her to tears with withering criticism. Back in postwar time, Alexei quarrels with his wife, Natalia , who has divorced him and is living with his son Ignat. This is followed by scenes from the Spanish Civil War and the ascent of a balloon in the USSR. In the next scene the same apartment is shown, with a strange woman  sitting in one room. Ignat reads a letter by Alexander Pushkin and receives a telephone call from his father Alexei. Switching to the wartime, Alexei is shown during rifle training, inter cut by newsreel footage of the Sino-Soviet border conflict and World War II. In the next scene, the reunion of the children with the father  after the end of the war is shown. The film then returns to the quarrel between Alexei and his wife Natalia in the postwar 1960s. Switching to the prewar time, the house and the surrounding countryside are again shown, inter cut by a dreamlike sequence showing a levitating mother. The film then moves to the postwar time, showing Alexei on his deathbed. The final scene plays in the prewar time frame, showing a pregnant mother, Maria, inter cut by scenes showing Maria young and old . The Mirror draws heavily on Tarkovsky's own childhood. Childhood memories such as the evacuation from Moscow to the countryside during the war, a withdrawn father and his own mother, who actually worked as a proofreader at a printing press, feature prominently in the film."] ["In 2003, teenager Bethany Hamilton  lives in Kauai, Hawaii with her parents Tom  and Cheri , and two brothers, Noah ([[Ross Thomas  and Timmy . All are surfers, but she and her best friend Alana Blanchard  have grown up with a passion for the sport and enter a competition. Her church youth ministry leader, Sarah Hill , is disappointed when she has to withdraw from a planned missions trip because of the contest. Bethany and Alana place first and third, respectively, while the second place winner, Malina Birch , proves to be resentful. Bethany invites both girls up on the winner's box with her, but Malina ungraciously refuses. The Rip Curl surfwear company offers to sponsor her and Alana in competition. The night before Halloween, Alana and Bethany sneak off with some friends to go surfing. Later while Tom goes to the hospital for knee surgery, both girls go surfing with Alana's father Holt  and brother Byron . As Bethany dangles her left arm in the water, a tiger shark appears out of nowhere and sinks its teeth into it, biting it off near the shoulder. Holt gets Bethany out of the water and puts a tourniquet on her while Byron calls 911. An ambulance meets them on the way to the hospital. Just before starting Tom's knee surgery, Dr. David Rovinsky  is called to the emergency room to treat Bethany. Besides losing her left arm, Bethany also lost 60% of her blood and David calls her survival a miracle. The onslaught of paparazzi also proves to be a great strain on her family and their privacy. The Hamiltons are grateful to Holt for his quick and super active thinking and decisive action that saved her life. Bethany's injury prevents her participating in the Rip Curl photo shoots, but she wishes Alana well. Inside Edition, a television program, offers to provide a prosthetic arm that is cosmetically perfect and has bendable joints, in exchange for an interview. Bethany angrily rejects it when she learns it will not help her surf as it is not weight bearing, as a result of the size of her arm stump. Bethany perseveres and, after a recuperation period, gets back in the water and learns to surf with one arm, eventually re-entering the competition. She tells her rival Malina not to go easy on her, and rejects a five-minute head start offered by the judges. She does not perform well because she cannot stay on the board long enough to go out and catch a competitive wave and Malina wins. Disappointed, she decides to give up competitive surfing. Bethany sees the effects of the 2004 tsunami on television, which places her own problems in perspective. She decides to surprise Sarah by joining the youth group on another mission trip to help the devastated people of Phuket, Thailand. They are understandably afraid of the water, including a little boy. Bethany decides to go into it with a surfboard, hoping this will coax him into it. It works, and the realization that she can use her gift to inspire people motivates her to take up surfing again. Tom rigs a handle on her surfboard which she can use to prevent falling off while paddling out to the waves, which is not prohibited by the competition's rules. He also voices the belief that she possesses a great surfer's instinct for sensing when the best waves will form. She enters the national championship, thanks Malina for treating her as a serious competitor, and performs respectably, though she is still chasing third place. Suddenly, with only minutes left on the clock, the waves die down and all the surfers can only loiter, waiting for the waves to start back up. Tom's belief in his daughter's instinct is proven when she is the only one to sense a big wave forming, and she alone paddles out. When it forms, the others cannot get out in time and she catches it just as the horn sounds. If it is in time, she will win, but the judges rule that the time has expired. Malina is the winner, but she has finally gotten over her differences with her, inviting her up on the platform to share first place. Subsequently, Bethany lets the reporters interview her. One asks her what she would do if given the chance to undo the loss of her arm. She says that she would still lose it because she can embrace more people now than she ever could with both. The film ends with real video of Bethany surfing after the attack. Also showing video of interviews and special appearances that she has made."] ["Between April and June 1994, an estimated 800,000 Rwandans were killed in 100 days. Most of the dead were Tutsis by the hands of the Hutus. The genocide began when Rwandan president Juvenal Habyarimana's plane was shot down above Kigali airport on April 6, 1994. Canadian Armed Forces General Roméo Dallaire was put in charge of a United Nations peacekeeping force during this 1994 genocide. His proposal called for 5,000 soldiers to permit orderly elections and the return of the refugees. The soldiers were never supplied and the killing began. The documentary tells the story of the now-retired Lieutenant-General Dallaire, and shows his return to Rwanda after ten years. It features interviews with Stephen Lewis and BBC reporter Mark Doyle, among others."] ['In 1928 in New York State, aspiring author Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings  advises her husband that her last book was rejected by a publisher, and she has bought an orange grove in Florida and is leaving him to go there. She drives to the nearest town alone, and arrives in time for her car to die. Local resident Norton Baskin  takes her the rest of the distance to a dilapidated and overgrown cabin attached to an even more overgrown orange grove. Despite Baskin\'s  doubts, she stays and begins to fix up the property. The local residents of "the Creek" begin to interact with her. Marsh Turner  comes around with his daughter Ellie , a teenage girl who keeps a deer fawn as a pet she has named Flag. A black woman, Geechee , arrives and offers to work for her, despite the fact that Rawlings insists she cannot pay her much. The grove languishes below her expectations and Rawlings writes another novel, hoping to get it published. A very young married couple arrives to inhabit a cabin on Rawlings\' property. The woman is very pregnant and they both reject Rawlings\' attempts to help them. Rawlings employs the assistance of a few of the Creek residents, Geechee and Baskin, to unblock a vital irrigation vein for her grove, and it begins to improve. The young couple has their child. Ellie\'s deer grows older and escapes her pen, and Marsh foretells that the deer will have to be killed for eating all their food. Geechee\'s husband comes to stay with her after being released from prison, and Rawlings offers him a place to work in her grove, but he refuses and Rawlings asks him to leave. Even though her husband drinks and gambles, Geechee goes to leave with him, and Rawlings admits she will be sad to see Geechee leave, after Geechee demands to know why Rawlings would allow a friend to make such a mistake. Geechee decides to stay after all after telling Rawlings that she should learn how to treat her friends better. Rawlings submits her novel, a gothic romance, to Max Perkins, and it is rejected again. He writes her in return to tell her to write him stories about the people she describes so well in her letters, instead of the popular English governess stories she has been writing. She does so immediately, beginning with telling the story of the young married couple . During a visit to the Turner\'s home on Ellie\'s 14th birthday, Flag escapes his pen once more and Marsh is forced to shoot him after he has eaten the family\'s vegetables. Ellie screams at him in hatred, and Marsh goes on a bender, goes into town and attracts the attention of the sheriff. The sheriff finds Marsh drinking moonshine with a shotgun across his lap, and demands the gun. When Marsh offers it to him, the sheriff shoots him . Max Perkins  visits and accepts her story  upon reading it. Baskin asks Rawlings to marry him, which she accepts after much hesitation about her independence. Rawlings realizes her profound attachment to the land at Cross Creek.'] ['The plot of the film begins with the pope\'s visit to Jerusalem, a stop on his 91st trip abroad, which occurred between 20 March and 26 March, 2000. At the Western Wall, he asked God to forgive the sins of the church, before retreating alone to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre. At an early age, he lost his mother and his brother Edmund. Pope John Paul lived through the Nazi occupation of his homeland, Poland during World War II. Through all these hardships, he maintained his love for Jesus of Nazareth and the virgin Mary. He became an ordained priest, and eventually the archbishop of Cracow, where he began his fight against Communism and oppression. On October 16, 1978, Karol Wojtyla became the 264th pope of the Roman Catholic Church, and now called himself John Paul II. The "Polish Pope" himself made history with the second longest papacy in history. He survived the assassination attempt by Ali Agca and used his influence to help bring Communism to its knees. On 2 April 2005, Pope John Paul II died.'] ['In 1975, bodybuilders are preparing for the upcoming Mr. Universe amateur competition and Mr. Olympia professional competition in Pretoria, South Africa. The first part of the film documents the life of Mike Katz, a hopeful for the title of Mr. Universe. Katz\'s being bullied in his youth for being Jewish and wearing glasses spurred him to become a pro football player; when his career with the New York Jets was ended by a leg injury, Katz became a bodybuilder. His psychological balance is thrown off by a prank by fellow contender Ken Waller, who steals Katz\'s lucky shirt before the competition. Waller wins Mr. Universe, and Katz comes in fourth. Fighting back tears, he cheerfully appraises the situation before deciding to call home and check up on his wife and children. Katz then goes to congratulate Waller. The film then switches focus to the rivalry between Arnold Schwarzenegger and Lou Ferrigno, professional bodybuilders competing for the title of Mr. Olympia. Schwarzenegger, a ten-year veteran of bodybuilding, has won Mr. Olympia for five consecutive years, and intends to retire after a final competition. Ferrigno is determined to be the man to finally beat Schwarzenegger. The film contrasts each man\'s personality, home environment, and training style: Schwarzenegger is extroverted, aggressive, and works out with other bodybuilders at Gold\'s Gym and Muscle Beach, whereas the quiet, reserved Ferrigno - who went partially deaf after a childhood ear infection - trains with his father in a dimly lit, private basement gym. While Ferrigno surrounds himself with his family, Schwarzenegger is accompanied wherever he goes by other bodybuilders, reporters, and beautiful women. In between interviews and workout demonstrations with Ferrigno and Schwarzenegger, Schwarzenegger explains the basic concepts behind bodybuilding. Although he emphasizes the importance of physique in bodybuilding, Schwarzenegger also stresses the psychological aspects of competition, crediting meticulously crafted strategies of psychological warfare against his opponents for his numerous victories. The film briefly looks at Schwarzenegger\'s training partner, Franco Columbu, a favorite to win first in the under-200 pound division at Mr. Olympia. A former boxer from a tiny village in Sardinia, Columbu returns home to celebrate a traditional dinner with his family, who still ascribe to old world values and are skeptical of the overt aggression of boxing and bodybuilding. Nevertheless, Columbu impresses his family with a display of strength by lifting the back end of a car and moving it down a street. In South Africa, Schwarzenegger wages his psychological warfare on Ferrigno, befriending Ferrigno and then subtly insulting him over breakfast with his family. The strategy appears to work and Ferrigno becomes troubled. Meanwhile, Schwarzenegger attends the judging for the under 200 pound class in order to scope out who his competition will be for the overall Mr. Olympia title, jokingly disparaging Columbu. The appearance of Ed Corney stuns Schwarzenegger, who for the only time in the film praises another bodybuilder, openly admiring Corney\'s physique and posing prowess. Columbu places first and he moves on to compete against the winner of the over 200 pound category. Schwarzenegger, Ferrigno, and Serge Nubret prepare to go onstage and compete for the over 200 pound category. In the locker room, Schwarzenegger engages in some last-minute intimidation of Ferrigno and succeeds in weakening Ferrigno\'s confidence. Ferrigno is visibly shaken onstage, and as a result, ends up placing third behind Nubret and Schwarzenegger, who is declared the winner. Schwarzenegger and Columbu engage in a posedown for the title of Mr. Olympia. Schwarzenegger uses his stage presence and intimidating looks to unnerve Columbu, who falters. Schwarzenegger is declared Mr. Olympia, and in a post-victory speech announces his official retirement from professional bodybuilding. Later, at an after party for the competitors, Schwarzenegger celebrates his victory by smoking marijuana and eating fried chicken. The competition over, he wishes Ferrigno happy birthday and leads the other competitors in singing "Happy Birthday to You" as a cake is revealed. The film ends with Schwarzenegger, Ferrigno and Ferrigno\'s parents riding together to the airport.'] ['The film covers the period from just before Curtin became Prime Minister until the return of the 6th and 7th Divisions to Australia at the start of the Pacific war.'] ['Marie Sklodowska  is a poor, idealistic student living in Paris and studying at the Sorbonne. She neglects her health and one day faints during class. Her tutor, Prof. Perot  is sympathetic and, finding that she has no friends or family in Paris, invites her to a soirée his wife is throwing for a "few friends" . Among the many guests is physicist Pierre Curie , an extremely shy and absentminded man completely devoted to his work. He allows Marie to share his lab and finds that she is a gifted scientist. Appalled that she plans on returning to Poland to teach after graduation, rather than devoting her life to further study, he takes her to visit his family in their country home. Marie and Pierre both tend to concentrate on science to the extent that they don\'t realize until the last minute they have fallen in love. Even when Pierre asks Marie to be his wife, he does so in terms of reason, logic and chemistry. Fascinated by a demonstration she saw as an undergraduate, of a pitchblende rock that seems to generate enough energy to take small photographs, Marie decides to make the rock\'s energy the subject of her doctoral study. The measurements she takes don\'t seem to add up, and she decides there must be a third radioactive element in the rock in addition to the two she knows are in there.  The physics department at the Sorbonne refuses to fund their research without more proof of the element\'s existence, but allows them to use a dilapidated old shed across the courtyard from the physics building. In spite of its disadvantages, they import eight tons of pitchblende ore and cook it down to look for the element they call radium. In spite of inability to separate out pure radium, they know something is definitely there, as Marie\'s hands are being burned. They hit on a tedious method of crystallization to arrive at pure radium. Now world-famous, they go on vacation to rest after all the press conferences and the Nobel Prize. They\'re granted a new laboratory by the university; before its dedication Marie shows off her new dress, inspiring Pierre to go get her a set of earrings to go with it. Walking home in the rain, he absentmindedly crosses the street in front of a delivery wagon and is run down and killed. Marie almost loses her mind, but after the concerned Prof. Perot counsels her, she rallies when she remembers Pierre\'s words that if one of them is gone, the other must go on working just the same. The film concludes with a speech she gives at the 25th anniversary celebration of the discovery of radium, expressing her belief that science is the path to a better world.'] ['Crazy Sexy Cancer is the personal video diary of Kris Carr, a young actress, photographer, and filmmaker. Carr\'s struggle with cancer begins after a visit to the doctor, following a particularly difficult yoga class. Initially thinking it was a yoga-related injury, Carr is devastated to learn she has a rare form of cancer, epithelioid hemangioendothelioma . Despite its rarity, Carr is told that her tumors are not behaving aggressively, and so her doctor advises that she "watch and wait" for two months before having more tests to determine whether the tumors change, grow, or remain the same.Carr, Kris. Crazy Sexy Cancer Tips. Skirt Publications, 2007. Her first stop out of the doctor\'s office is a shopping trip to the organic grocer Whole Foods. Her careful and precise monitoring of her food intake allows her a sense of control which she finds comforting.'] ['In mid-1940s Calcutta, Mother Teresa teaches geography at her convent. One day, she and one of the other sisters go outside the convent to find food for their girls, only to get caught up in a riot. Though they manage to make it back to the convent, Mother Teresa is shocked by the sight of the massive number of people starving in the streets. Haunted by the images of the hungry people, Mother Teresa decides to leave the convent to devote her life to caring for the poorest of the poor. Soon after her arrival in the slums, Mother Teresa teaches the children to read and write, but she faces opposition from the adults in the slum who mistrust her because of the colour of her skin. As Mother Teresa continues her crusade to help the poor, some of her former students from the convent come to her with the desire to become nuns and help her on her mission. The films end scene sees Mother Teresa travelling to Oslo, Norway to receive the Nobel Peace Prize.'] ["Thora Birch stars as Liz Murray, the homeless daughter of an extremely dysfunctional Bronx family. Liz Murray is a young girl who is taken care of by her loving, but drug-addicted, parents. After her mother dies of AIDS, which she got from sharing needles during her drug abuse, she got a 'slap in the face' by her mother's death and begins her work to finish high school, which she amazingly completed in two years, rather than the usual four. She becomes a star student and earns a scholarship to Harvard University through an essay contest sponsored by the New York Times."] ['{{cquote2}} The Heart of Texas is the story of Grover Norwood and Ulice Parker. When tragedy pierces the heart of a small community on the quiet Texas plains, its townspeople witness what can happen when grace and forgiveness triumph over angiush and outrage. Against the traffic of our crowded lives, a story of such forgiveness can seem more of a work of fiction...yet every moment of this story is true.http://www.heartoftexasthemovie.com/index.html'] ['After fighting the Soviets as a volunteer during the Winter War in Finland, Max Manus returns to Norway, finding it occupied by the Nazis. He joins with the Norwegian resistance movement in their fight against the Germans but is arrested. He manages to escape to Scotland where he receives British Commando training before being sent back to Norway to carry out sabotage missions against the occupying forces. Returning to Norway with his friend Gregers Gram, his first mission is an attack on German supply ships. He is spectacularly successful, and soon he becomes a special target for the local Gestapo chief Siegfried Fehmer. Manus, however, avoids capture, and with Gram and Gunnar Sønsteby he forms the so-called "Oslo Gang". Stockholm in the neutral Sweden becomes a meeting point for Norwegians in allied military service. Here Gram introduces Manus to Tikken, who works as a Norwegian contact for the British consulate, and the two soon develop a special relationship. As the war becomes more and more brutal, many of Manus\' friends lose their lives in the struggle against the Germans, and he starts to blame himself for being the one who survives. After the war, he meets the imprisoned Fehmer and realises that everyone is just a victim of the meaninglessness of war.'] ["In A Single Woman, Jeanmarie Simpson portrays the character of Jeannette Rankin, beginning in 1972 and moving backwards in time to Rankin's childhood in 1880s Montana. Experiencing the slaughter of American Indians in Montana and at Wounded Knee, Rankin was a lifelong pacifist, suffragist and human rights advocate. The film chronicles her activism including her association with the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom, as well as her co-founding the American Civil Liberties Union. Judd Nelson appears as a Jewish newspaper reporter in 1948."] ['In September 2004, UVSC student council leaders, Jim Bassi and Joseph Vogel, invited liberal filmmaker Michael Moore to come speak on campus. The predominately conservative community of Orem surrounding the school erupted in an uproar. A pandemonium of protests, petitions, and demonstrations escalated into hate mail, threatening phone calls, threatened lawsuits, and countless incendiary editorials.{{cite web |lastRichard |titlehttp://www.washingtonpost.com/ac2/wp-dyn/A4247-2005Mar27 |work7 November 2011 |datehttp://www.newsnet.byu.edu/story.cfm/52917/1121|accessdateHannity\'s bill totals $49,850|publisher"slc1"> {{cite web |lastMark |titlehttp://archive.sltrib.com/article.php?idNGPSID&keyword |work15 November 2011 |date"deseret2> {{cite web}}'] ["The storyline of the film follows the final months of 1916 up to the murder of Rasputin; some events have been telescoped into this time though they actually happened earlier, during the war. Rasputin's effect on people around him is shown as almost hypnotic, and the film avoids taking a moral stance towards him—breaking not only with Soviet history but also with how he was regarded by people near the court at the time, some of whom regarded him as a debilitating figure who disgraced the monarchy and hampered the war effort.{{Citation needed}}"] ["The film opens with Vollmer balancing a water tumbler on her head as Burroughs, her husband, aims a gun at her as she entices him to shoot her. The film then cuts to Joan and Burroughs in the months prior in Mexico City, as Burroughs is leaving on a trip to Guatemala to meet his male lover, Lee. Joan, despondent to William's affair and his disinterest in her, is left to take care of their two children while he goes on his vacation. Various flashbacks from that point on tell the story of the 1944 murder of their mutual friend Dave Kammerer in New York City, while Joan was a student at Columbia University. Dave was killed by Lucien Carr  after he made unwanted sexual advances on him. Lucien arrives at William and Joan's apartment and confesses to the murder. The story cuts back to Mexico City in 1951, and Joan goes on a vacation in the country with Lucien and his friend, Ginsberg, while William is in Guatemala with Lee. On their trip, Lucien, who has recently been released from prison for the murder of Dave, attempts to romance Joan but she dismisses his advances. Meanwhile, William unsuccessful tries to pursue Lee while the two are in Guatemala. William returns home to Joan, frustrated by Lee's dwindling lack of sexual and romantic interest him, and falls into a depression. Joan asks him to return to New York City with her, but he refuses due to his pending charge for heroin possession in the United States. At the end of the film, William accidentally shoots Joan in the head while at their friends' apartment after the two had been drinking. The film ends with Lucien receiving the news of her death in a telegram."] ['The film opens with Jean  in the hospital with an undisclosed ailment. After checking out, he happens upon an enigmatic woman, Beatrice , who drives around in a convertible. He arrives at his apartment only to discover that his landlord, played by former Yardbirds manager Giorgio Gomelsky, is evicting him. Later, while trying to sell his art work, he encounters many downtown New York characters, from musician Arto Lindsay and his band DNA to David McDermott to graffiti artists Lee Quinones and Fab Five Freddy. Jean eventually does manage to sell some of his art work to a rich middle-aged woman who is interested in more than just his art, but she pays with a check. As the film progresses, he wanders the streets of New York City, looking for Beatrice. He catches performances by Kid Creole and the Coconuts and James White and the Blacks. Finally he happens upon a bag lady  who turns into a princess when he kisses her. As a reward, she gives him a stack of cash.'] ["Struggling writer Émile Zola  shares a drafty Paris attic with his friend, painter Paul Cézanne . A chance encounter with a street prostitute  hiding from a police raid leads to his first bestseller, Nana, an exposé of the steamy underside of Parisian life. Other successful books follow. Zola becomes rich and famous; he marries Alexandrine  and settles down to a comfortable life in his mansion. One day, his old friend Cézanne, still poor and unknown, visits him before leaving the city. He tells Zola that he has become complacent, a far cry from the zealous reformer of his youth. Meanwhile, a French secret agent steals a letter addressed to a military officer in the German embassy. The letter confirms there is a spy within the top French army staff. With little thought, the army commanders decide that Jewish Captain Alfred Dreyfus  is the traitor. He is courtmartialed and imprisoned on Devil's Island in French Guyana. Later, Colonel Picquart , the new chief of intelligence, discovers evidence implicating Major Walsin-Esterhazy  as the spy, but he is ordered by his superiors to remain silent, as this revelation would embarrass them. He is quickly reassigned to a distant post. Years go by. Finally, Dreyfus's loyal wife Lucie  pleads with Zola to take up her husband's cause. Zola is reluctant to give up his comfortable life, but the evidence she has brought him piques his curiosity. He publishes a letter in the newspaper accusing the army of covering up a monstrous injustice. Zola barely escapes from an angry mob incited by agents provocateurs employed by the military. As he had expected, he is brought to trial for libel. His attorney, Maitre Labori  does his best, but the presiding judge refuses to allow him to bring up the Dreyfus affair and the military witnesses all commit perjury, with the exception of Picquart. Zola is found guilty and sentenced to a year in prison. He reluctantly accepts the advice of his friends and flees to England, where he continues to write on behalf of Dreyfus. A new administration finally admits that Dreyfus is innocent, those responsible for the coverup are forced to resign or are dismissed, and Walsin-Esterhazy flees the country. However, Zola dies of carbon monoxide poisoning due to a faulty stove the night before the public ceremony in which Dreyfus is exonerated."] ['On 2 February, 1990, Nelson Mandela is released from Victor Verster Prison after 27 years spent in jail. Four years later, Mandela is elected to be the first black President of South Africa. His presidency faces enormous challenges in the post-Apartheid era, including rampant poverty and crime. Mandela is particularly concerned about racial divisions between black and white South Africans, which could lead to violence. The ill will which both groups hold towards each other is seen even in his own security detail where relations between the established white officers, who had guarded Mandela\'s predecessors, and the black ANC additions to the security detail, are frosty and marked by mutual distrust. While attending a game of the Springboks, the country\'s rugby union team, Mandela recognizes that the blacks in the stadium cheer against their \'home\' squad, as the mostly-white Springboks represent prejudice and apartheid in their minds. He remarks that he did the same while imprisoned on Robben Island. Knowing that South Africa is set to host the 1995 Rugby World Cup in one year\'s time, Mandela convinces a meeting of the newly-black-dominated South African Sports Committee to support the Springboks. He then meets with the captain of the Springboks rugby team, François Pienaar , and implies that a Springboks victory in the World Cup will unite and inspire the nation. Mandela also shares with Francis a poem, "Invictus", that had inspired him during his time in prison. Francis and his teammates train. Many South Africans, both black and white, doubt that rugby will unite a nation torn apart by some 50 years of racial tensions. For many blacks, especially the radicals, the Springboks symbolised white supremacy. However, both Mandela and Pienaar stand firmly behind their theory that the game can successfully unite the South African country. Things begin to change as the players interact with the fans and begin a friendship with them. During the opening games, support for the Springboks begins to grow among the black population. By the second game, the whole country comes together to support the Springboks and Mandela\'s efforts. Mandela\'s security team also grows closer as the various officers come to respect their comrades professionalism and dedication. The Springboks surpass all expectations and qualify for the final against New Zealand All Blacks&mdash;the most successful rugby team in the world both then and now. Prior to the game, the Springbok team visits Robben Island, where Mandela spent 27 years in jail. There Pienaar is inspired by Mandela\'s will and his idea of self-mastery in the poem Invictus. Francis mentions his amazement that Mandela "could spend thirty years in a tiny cell, and come out ready to forgive the people who put [him] there". Supported by a large home crowd of both races, Pienaar motivates his team. Mandela\'s security detail receives a scare when, just before the match, a jumbo jet buzzes the stadium, but it is not an assassination attempt but a demonstration of patriotism. The Springboks win the match on an added time long drop-kick from fly-half Joel Stransky, with a score of 15–12. Mandela and Pienaar meet on the field together to celebrate the improbable and unexpected victory. Mandela\'s car is then seen driving away in the traffic-jammed streets leaving the stadium. As Mandela watches the South Africans celebrating together in the car, Mandela\'s voice is heard reciting the poem, "Invictus".'] ['With no better offers to be had, famous American Civil War upstart officer George Armstrong Custer takes over the Western Cavalry maintaining the peace in the Dakotas. He soon learns that the U.S. treaties are a sham, that Indian lands are being stolen and every excuse for driving them off their hunting grounds is being encouraged. With his wife Elizabeth  Custer goes in and out of favor in Washington, while failing to keep wildcatting miners like his own deserting Sergeant Mulligan  from running off to prospect for gold in Indian country. After trying to humble the prideful Indian warrior Sitting Bull , Custer leads the 7th Cavalry into defeat.'] ["Helen Morgan begins her career as a Chicago carnival dancer. She catches the eye of fast-talking, double-dealing Larry Maddux, whose promotion catapults her to fame as a Broadway performer in Show Boat and a headliner in her own nightclub. Morgan anguishes over her romantic relationship with Maddux and one with Russell Wade, a wealthy, married attorney. When she realizes the caddish Maddux merely has been using her to support the upscale lifestyle he has come to enjoy, she turns to drink. She loses the bulk of her money to the Bureau of Internal Revenue and the Wall Street Crash of 1929, hits rock bottom, and is hospitalized in the alcoholic ward in Bellevue. Maddux has a change of heart and arranges a gala testimonial dinner, hosted by Walter Winchell and Florenz Ziegfeld, in her honor. The film's ending suggests this was Morgan's first step on the road to recovery, success, and happiness, which was not the case in real life."] ["With archive film clips and interviews, this brief look at a frequently overlooked historical period of filmmaking acts as an introduction rather than a complete record. Features interviews with some of the genre's biggest stars, like Fred Williamson, Pam Grier, and Richard Roundtree. Director Melvin Van Peebles discusses the historical importance of his landmark film Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song. For a contemporary perspective, the excitable Quentin Tarantino offers his spirited commentary and author/critic bell hooks provides some scholarly social analysis. The music of Blaxploitation films is discussed, focusing on Curtis Mayfield's Super Fly and Isaac Hayes' Shaft. Interviews with writer/director Larry Cohen and film historian Armond White are also featured. BaadAsssss Cinema was originally shown on the Independent Film Channel in August 2002 as part of a week-long Blaxploitation film festival.  *Larry Cohen *Ron Finley *Pam Grier *Ed Guerrero *Gloria Hendry *bell hooks *Samuel L. Jackson *Elvis Mitchell *Afeni Shakur *Quentin Tarantino *Melvin Van Peebles *Armond White *Fred Williamson *Isaac Hayes — archive footage *Roy Innis — archive footage *Jesse Jackson — archive footage *Ron O'Neal — archive footage *Gordon Parks — archive footage"] ["Set in Paris in 1919, biopic centers on the life of late Italian artist Amedeo Modigliani, focusing on his last days as well as his rivalry with Pablo Picasso. Modigliani, a Jew, has fallen in love with Jeanne, a young and beautiful Catholic girl. The couple has an illegitimate child, and Jeanne's bigoted father sends the baby to a faraway convent to be raised by nuns. Modigliani is distraught and needs money to rescue and raise his child. The answer arrives in the shape of Paris' annual art competition. Prize money and a guaranteed career await the winner. Neither Modigliani, nor his dearest friend and rival Picasso have ever entered the competition, believing that it is beneath true artists like themselves. But push comes to shove with the welfare of his child on the line, and Modigliani signs up for the competition in a drunken and drug-induced tirade. Picasso follows suit and all of Paris is aflutter with excitement at who will win. With the balance of his relationship with Jeanne on the line, Modigliani tackles this work with the hopes of creating a masterpiece, and knows that all the artists of Paris are doing the same. Once completed he calls his dearest friend to take the painting to the competition and to make sure no one touches it. While his friend is taking the painting, Modigliani is at City Hall waiting for him to get legally married with Jeanne. After being the last person to leave, he decides to celebrate with a one drink. Unfortunately his drinking habit made him drink a couple more than expected. The competition was going to start at eight o'clock, and when he realizes he is late he leaves without paying. Two guys that work for the bar follow him and assault him, once they found no money they left him in floor half dead. He wasn't able to celebrate his victory, but when he arrived home Jeanne took care of him, but then his artist friends came and took him to the hospital. He dies later on and Jeanne commits suicide."] ['"We all get dressed for Bill", says Vogue editor Anna Wintour. The Bill in question is New York Times photographer Bill Cunningham. For decades, this Schwinn-riding cultural anthropologist has been obsessively and inventively chronicling fashion trends and high-society charity soirees for the Times{{\'}}s Style section in his columns "On the Street" and "Evening Hours". Full of uptown fixtures , downtown eccentrics and everyone in between, Cunningham’s enormous body of work documents its time and place as well as individual flair. Bill Cunningham New York portrays the man at work  and at home .'] ['A 1940s promotional film by the Tucker Automobile Company introduces Preston Tucker  and a new automobile filled with technological innovations. The film then flashes back to an earlier start as an inventor and as a staunch family man. His loyal wife  and children, headed by his namesake, Preston Tucker Jr. , support his efforts. Tucker\'s passion for automobiles began as a child and by 1935 he had started a successful partnership with racing car innovator Harry Miller. In World War II, Tucker designed an armored car for the United States military, rejected for being too fast. However, the car\'s gun turret was put into production. At war\'s end, with the proceeds from the turret bankrolling a new automotive project, Tucker hires young designer Alex Tremulis  to help him create a radical new car design, the 1948 Tucker Torpedo. Tucker\'s dream of manufacturing a revolutionary automobile with futuristic features will pit him against the oppressive Detroit-based Big Three automakers. With the support of his long-time New York financier Abe Karatz , Tucker creates nationwide interest by advertising the "Tucker Torpedo" in Pic magazine. Raising the money through a stock issue, Tucker and Karatz acquire the enormous Dodge Chicago Plant to begin manufacturing. Despite groundbreaking features on the first hand-built prototype such as disc brakes, seat belts, a fuel-injected engine in the rear, a padded dashboard, and a front windshield that pops out in severe collisions, the new car is beset with problems. Launching "The car of tomorrow" in a spectacular way, the Tucker Corporation is met with enthusiasm from both shareholders and the general public. However, the Tucker company board of directors, unsure of his ability to overcome the technical and financial obstacles ahead, send Tucker off on a publicity campaign, and attempt to take complete control of the company. At the same time, Tucker faces animosity from the Big Three and the authorities led by Michigan Senator Homer S. Ferguson . While the manufacturing of the Tucker Torpedo continues, Tucker is confronted with allegations of stock fraud. Ferguson\'s investigation with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , causes Karatz, once convicted of bank fraud, to resign, fearful that his criminal record will prejudice the hearings. Yellow journalism also starts ruining Tucker\'s public image even though the ultimate courtroom battle is resolved when he parades his entire production run of 51 Tucker Torpedoes, proving that he has reached production status. After giving a speech to the jurors on how capitalism in the United States is harmed by efforts of large corporations against small entrepreneurs like himself, Tucker is acquitted on all charges. Nevertheless, Tucker\'s company falls into bankruptcy and Preston Tucker succumbs to a heart attack seven years later, never able to realize his dream of producing a state-of-the-art automobile.'] ['Jacob defrauds his twin Brother Esau  and flees. In Haran he gets to know his cousin Rachel , and falls in love with her. Years of hard work later he marries Rachel and reconciles with his brother Esau.'] ["It tells the story of Li Tian-lu who becomes a master puppeteer but is faced with demands to turn his skills to propaganda during the Japanese occupation of Taiwan in World War II. This film is the second in Hou's trilogy of historical films that include A City of Sadness  and Good Men, Good Women ."] ["In 1874, Disraeli's ambitious foreign policy, aimed at creating a British empire, is voted down by the House of Commons after a speech by his great rival, William Gladstone. Later, Disraeli receives the welcome news that the spendthrift Khedive of Egypt is in dire need of money and is willing to sell the controlling shares in the Suez Canal. The purchase of the canal would secure control of India, but Michael Probert, head of the Bank of England, makes it clear to Disraeli that he is vehemently opposed to any such plan. Disraeli then summons Hugh Myers, a leading Jewish banker. Meanwhile, Lord Charles Deeford proposes to Lady Clarissa Pevensey. Although she is in love with him, she turns him down. He is content to enjoy his wealth and high social standing, and lacks the ambition she wants in a husband; further, she is a great admirer of the Prime Minister and Charles has no strong opinion about him. Disraeli, seeing promise in the young man and wanting Clarissa to be happy, convinces Charles to come work for him, and tells him about the canal purchase. But he does not tell him about the spies. Russia, eager to seize India for itself, has assigned two spies to watch Disraeli: Mrs. Travers, who has entree to the highest social circles, and Mr. Foljambe. Disraeli was not fooled; he has hired Foljambe as his personal government secretary, the better to deceive him. When Foljambe asks Charles if Myers is there to provide financial backing for the purchase of the canal, Charles says nothing, but his manner makes it clear that Foljambe has guessed correctly. Mrs. Travers orders Foljambe to leave the country and warn their masters. Disraeli soon discovers what has happened. When he decides to send an agent to the khedive immediately, Clarissa suggests he send Charles. Charles persuades the khedive to accept Myers' check in exchange for the shares, also proving his own worth to Clarissa. Disraeli is elated when he receives the news. However, Myers comes and informs him that his banking house has been driven into bankruptcy by sabotage; the check is worthless. Disraeli tells him to keep his situation secret for the moment. When the prying Mrs. Travers arrives, Disraeli allows her to learn of the purchase, and she exultantly admits to her key part in sabotaging Myers. Thinking quickly, Disraeli summons Probert. Though the banker initially refuses to help, Disraeli forces him to sign a paper giving unlimited credit to Myers by threatening to have Parliament revoke the bank's charter.  Myers' solvency is restored, the deal is completed, and as a result of Disraeli's success, Queen Victoria can add Empress of India to her other titles."] ['By issuing same-sex marriage licenses, San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom uproots the status quo, attempts to change the way the nation looks at life, love, and marriage. From the first frame of the film, even before the press is aware, this film crew is with Mayor Gavin Newsom’s senior staff as the nation’s first same-sex couple exchange their vows and ignite a controversial civil rights topic. The story continues on the streets, in the courtrooms, and on the steps of City Hall, where same-sex couples clash with church groups who declare that their sexual and romantic desires are sinful. The film focuses on the compelling, human rights struggles surrounding same-sex marriage and captures the elation and despair of couples and families who are fighting for equal rights. This film made the independent film festival circuit, winning multiple awards, and is scheduled for a wider release in the United States in 2008.'] ['The story opens with Nansal returning from boarding school to her family. The family of five lives in a yurt and lives off of their livestock, which include sheep, goats, and cattle. Nansal\'s father is worried about his family\'s survival because of the wolves that have been attacking their herd. While Nansal is out collecting dung, she stumbles across a cave in which she finds a black and white dog. She brings the dog home and names it "Zochor" . Her father is worried, knowing that wolves live in caves and may follow its scent and kill their livestock. The father departs for town on his motorbike, to sell the pelts of the sheep killed by wolves. He instructs his wife to get rid of the dog before he is home. Nansal is sent out to graze the herd, but she is distracted and gets lost. The mother is distraught when the herd comes back without Nansal and goes out looking for her. Meanwhile Nansal finds refuge in the yurt of an elderly woman. The old lady feeds Nansal and gives her shelter while a storm passes. It is here that Nansal hears the story of the Cave of the Yellow Dog. In this story, a yellow dog is trapped in a cave with no exit by a man to cure his daughter\'s illness. The mother finds Nansal soon after and takes her home. Zochor is still with the family when the father returns home. He is angry but still gives gifts to his wife and children nonetheless, including a plastic ladle and a flashlight . The father tries to sell Zochor to some wolf hunters, but Nansal tells them she found him in a cave and the deal falls through. It is time for the family to move on. They pack up all of their belongings and the yurt and load them onto carts to be pulled by their cattle. The three children are put onto the wagons, with Nansa watching her younger brother. Zochor is tied to a stake so he cannot follow them. Nansal is distracted by Zochor and does not watch her brother. Her brother escapes. The family travels several miles until they realize that their son is not with them. The father turns back immediately and rushes back on his horse. Meanwhile their son is rushing towards a flock of vultures. He ventures near a stream, while moving further and further from Zochor. When the son is right next to the flock, Zochor breaks free and scares them away. The father returns and hugs his son. In the final scene, the family\'s wagons travel down the road, with Zochor in the wagon with Nansal and a truck driving down the road blaring reminders to vote in the upcoming elections.'] ["{{expand section}} A Kentucky woman named Dian Fossey  is inspired by an anthropologist Louis Leakey to devote her life to the study of primates. Traveling into deepest Africa, Fossey becomes fascinated with the lives and habits of the rare mountain gorillas of the Rwandan jungle. She has a romance with National Geographic photographer Robert M Campbell . Dian Fossey was also an occupational therapist although the film potrayed her as a physiotherapist as the film's director thought that profession was more recognisable to the general public. It was her training and the emphasis on the importance of communication that inspired her to study the gorilla's communication and social groups. Appalled by the poaching of the gorillas for their skins, hands and heads, Fossey complains to the Rwandan government which dismisses her claiming that poaching is the only means by which some of the Rwandan natives can themselves survive. She rejects this and dedicates herself to saving the African Mountain gorilla from illegal poaching and likely extinction. To this end, she forms and leads numerous anti-poaching patrols, burning down the poachers' villages, and even staging a mock execution of one of the offenders. Fossey is mysteriously murdered on December 27, 1985 in the bedroom of her cabin, but her actions to help save the gorillas pay off greatly and the species is saved from extinction."] ['While loosely based on Sousa\'s autobiography Marching Along, the film takes considerable liberties and dramatic license, often expanding and extrapolating on themes and passages in the book. In the 1890s, Sergeant Major John Philip Sousa, the director of the United States Marine Band, leaves the Marine Corps after his enlistment expires to form his own band because he is not paid enough to provide for his wife Jennie  and their children. As a favor for his splendid service, he is allowed to take along Private Willie Little , who is credited with designing the Sousaphone and naming it after his mentor . Willie persuades Sousa to go with him to a "concert" where some of Sousa\'s songs will be performed. In fact, it is a music hall, where Willie\'s girlfriend, Lily Becker , is one of the performers. When the police raid the place for indecency , the trio barely manage to get away. Sousa forms his band and is very successful. A mention in the book that Sousa discouraged the married men in the band from bringing their wives on tour is expanded into a subplot where Willie and Lily get married in secret so they can continue touring together with Sousa. An episode shows Sousa\'s Band playing at the Atlanta, Georgia Cotton States and International Exposition, despite the attempt by Colonel Randolph  to cancel their contract. Sousa has his musicians play "Dixie" as they march up, putting the crowd in a cheerful mood. A listing of his song list for the performances includes "Dixie" as every second one. The crowd cheers, and Randolph welcomes Sousa. This stays relatively close to fact. Sousa tours the world, and is honored by the crowned heads of Europe. Late one night, he spots Willie sneaking into Lily\'s train compartment late; Sousa\'s wife has to defuse his indignation by letting him into the secret. When the USS Maine is sunk by a suspicious explosion, precipitating the Spanish-American War, both Willie and Sousa reenlist. However, Sousa is kept from the actual fighting and instead sent on a sea voyage by an outbreak of typhoid. The inspiration for the title march is depicted with a voiceover of Webb quoting Sousa\'s actual description of the event while at sea . During a rehearsal of El Capitan, starring Lily, the Sousas receive a letter from Willie in which he reveals he was wounded in the knee in a friendly fire incident in Cuba. His leg has to be amputated. After the war, while recovering at the Brooklyn Navy Yard Hospital, he is called upon to rejoin Sousa\'s band in a surprise concert, where the band plays the title march in public for the first time.  The film then cuts away to modern Washington, D.C., where the ghostly spirit of Sousa leads a real marching band.'] ["The film shows Rocco's childhood through his fight with his hero Joe Louis. After the Louis fight it flashes forward to his post career, leading up to his death in a 1969 plane crash."] ['Several narratives are woven together throughout the film, including those of de Hory, Irving, Welles, Howard Hughes and Kodar. About de Hory, we learn that he was a struggling artist who turned to forgery out of desperation, only to see the greater share of the profits from his deceptions go to doubly unscrupulous art dealers. As partial compensation for that injustice, he is maintained in a villa in Ibiza by one of his dealers. What is only hinted at in Welles\'s documentary is that de Hory had recently served a two-month sentence in a Spanish prison for homosexuality and consorting with criminals.  Irving\'s original part in F for Fake was as de Hory\'s biographer, but his part grew unexpectedly at some point during production. There has not always been agreement among commentators over just how that production unfolded, but the now-accepted story{{cite web}} is that the director François Reichenbach shot a documentary about de Hory and Irving before giving his footage to Welles, who then shot additional footage with Reichenbach as his cinematographer. In the time between the shooting of Reichenbach\'s documentary and the finishing of Welles\', it became known that Irving had perpetrated a hoax of his own, namely a fabricated "authorized biography" of Howard Hughes . This discovery prompted the shooting of still more footage, which then got woven into F for Fake. Blurring the lines even more, there are several pieces of footage in the film showing Welles at a party with De Hory, and, at one point, De Hory even signs a painting with a forgery of Welles\' signature. Some of Hughes\' career is outlined in the form of a parody of the "News on the March" sequence in Citizen Kane. Exactly one hour before narrating Kodar\'s story, Welles promises that everything in the next hour of his film will be true. Exactly one hour later, the film tells a story where Kodar sits for a series of nudes for Pablo Picasso after getting him to agree to give her the finished portraits, and then selling not those very portraits but fake Picassos in their place. The story climaxes with Welles and Kodar re-enacting a tense exchange between Picasso and Kodar\'s grandfather, the alleged forger of the paintings, before Welles reminds the viewer that he only promised to tell the truth for an hour and that "for the last 17 minutes, I\'ve been lying my head off." In the commentary to the Criterion Collection DVD release of F for Fake, Kodar claims the idea for this segment as her own. She also claims credit for the movie\'s opening sequence, which consists of shots of a miniskirt-clad Kodar walking down streets while rubbernecking male admirers  stop and openly stare. This sequence is described by Kodar as inspired by her feminism.'] ['The film makes use of archive footage and interviews with John Waters, Patti Smith, Iggy Pop, Gus Van Sant, Genesis Breyer P-Orridge, Sonic Youth, Laurie Anderson, Amiri Baraka, Jello Biafra, and David Cronenberg. The film looks at the life of a man whose works attacked conservative ideals, spawned countercultural movements, and influenced 20th century culture. The film is narrated by Peter Weller, with a soundtrack by Patti Smith and Sonic Youth.http://www.oscilloscope.net/films/film/38/William-S-Burroughs-A-Man-Within'] ["Vincent van Gogh's obsessive devotion to his art engulfs, consumes, and finally destroys him. He fails at a religious career and then as a social activist in a coal mining town, returns home to his father's house where he is rejected by a woman he obsessively loves, takes up with a prostitute who leaves because he is too poor, and discovers painting, which he pursues while agonizing that his vision exceeds his ability to execute. His brother, Theo van Gogh, provides financial and moral support, while Vincent lives off and on with the critical Paul Gauguin. Vincent begins experiencing hallucinations and seizures and voluntarily commits himself to a mental institution. He signs himself out, and with Theo's help, returns to a rural area to paint, where he ultimately shoots himself in despair of never being able to put what he sees on canvas."] ['The documentary follows four salesmen as they travel across New England and southeast Florida trying to sell expensive Bibles door-to-door in low-income neighborhoods and attend a meeting in Chicago. The film focuses in particular on the struggles of salesman Paul Brennan, a middle-aged Irish-American Catholic from Jamaica Plain, Boston, who struggles to maintain his sales.'] ['The film depicts an era widely considered a cornerstone of the NHL\'s history. It shows the life of \'The Rocket\' beginning with his years as a teenager, his ascension to the Montreal Canadiens, up to the Richard Riot, showing a full spectrum of Richard\'s career. It ends the year before Richard brought Montréal to an unrivaled record of five Stanley Cup Championships in a row. The film begins as the Canadiens coach argues for continuing the hockey game even though the Richard Riot is occurring. The film then rolls to Maurice laboring as a teenager. Maurice later plays hockey for a minor league and soon tries out for the Canadiens. He tries out and makes it on the team. Maurice scores several goals but is injured early in his first season. People begin to call Maurice a lemon and a waste of money. Maurice recovers from his injury but is asked to sit out. Later he and his wife receive a baby girl who weighs {{convert}}. Maurice goes to his coach and asks to exchange the number&nbsp;15 for the number&nbsp;9. Maurice will continue to play and breaks the record of 44&nbsp;goals in one season. In a game with the New York Rangers, he encounters Bob Dill, a player sent out to attack Maurice to prevent him from beating the record. Maurice however, takes out Dill. As the movie proceeds, other players attempt to take out Maurice but Maurice fights back. At one point Maurice is tripped and is required to have stitches. Maurice receives the stitches but continues playing near the end of the game and scores the game-winning goal. Later on, a referee grabs Maurice and allows the other hockey player to hit him; Maurice retaliates by hitting the referee. He is given a penalty denying him from playing for the rest of the season and the play offs and the Richard Riot begins. Maurice gives a speech to Montréal telling that he won\'t give up and will return next year. The movie shows a few goals from the real Maurice Richard. The film ends as Maurice walks out the stadium with a message that says "Maurice played for 5 more years" and "During which, he won 5 Stanley Cups in a row."'] ['Set in Manhattan in the early 1940s, the film focuses on the relationship between Joseph Mitchell, a writer for The New Yorker, and Joe Gould, an aging, bearded, disheveled bohemian and Harvard University graduate who wanders through the streets of Greenwich Village carrying a tattered portfolio and demanding donations to "The Joe Gould Fund." At times Gould is calmly sweet and perceptive, at others he\'s a pathological liar and an obnoxious drunk, and he frequently experiences sudden outbursts of rage. Earning occasional financial support from poet e.e. cummings, portrait painter Alice Neel, Village Vanguard founder Max Gordon, and art gallery owner Vivian Marquie, among others, Gould is able to secure a nightly room in flophouses until an anonymous benefactor arranges accommodations in a residential hotel for him. Gould allegedly is collecting the observations of average citizens to incorporate into his oral history of the world, fragments of which he has given to various people for safekeeping. Mitchell meets him in a coffee shop and initially is fascinated by the colorful character. However, with the passage of time, as Gould becomes irritatingly intrusive and demanding, disrupting the ordinary life Mitchell shares with his photographer wife and their two daughters, the journalist begins to question if the elderly man\'s 9 million-word opus actually exists or is merely a figment of his imagination.'] ["Ip Man is set in the 1930s in Foshan, a hub of Southern Chinese martial arts, where various schools actively recruit disciples and compete against each other. Although the Wing Chun master Ip Man is the most skilled martial artist in Foshan, he is unassuming and keeps a low profile. As an independently wealthy man, he feels no need to accept any disciples and instead spends his days training, meeting with friends, and spending time with his family. However, his wife is often resentful of the time he spends training and discussing martial arts with friends and colleagues. Though not a professional martial artist, Ip is respected in Foshan due to the abilities he displays in friendly, closed-door competitions with local masters. Ip's reputation is further enhanced when he defeats an aggressive, rude, highly skilled Northern Chinese martial arts master, Jin Shanzhao, thus upholding the regional pride of fellow Southern stylists and others in Foshan. The Japanese invasion in 1937 adversely affects the life of everyone in Foshan. Ip's house is claimed by the Japanese and used as their Foshan headquarters. Ip and his family lose their wealth and are forced to move into a decrepit house. Desperate to support his family, Ip accepts work as a coolie at a coal mine. The Japanese General Miura, who is a Karate master, establishes an arena where Chinese martial artists compete with his military trainees. The Chinese earn a bag of rice for every match they win. Li Zhao, a former police officer and Ip's acquaintance, is now working as a translator for the Japanese and is making the offer to the martial artists working as coolies. Ip at first declines to participate in the matches. However, when his friend Lin goes missing, he agrees to take part in order to investigate. He is enraged when he sees a fellow Foshan master  mercilessly executed for picking up a bag of rice from a prior victory after giving up in a second match against three karateka. He also comes to understand that Lin was killed in an earlier fight. Barely able to contain his rage, Ip demands a match with ten karateka at once. Despite having not practiced Wing Chun since the invasion began , he proceeds to mercilessly crush each of them with a brutal yet efficient barrage of his martial art mastery, showing barely any of the restraint he exhibited in previous engagements. His skill arouses the interest of Miura, who seeks to learn more about Ip and see him fight again. Ip visits his friend Chow Ching-chuen, who owns and runs a cotton mill in Foshan. Chow tells Ip that a highway robbery gang led by Jin Shanzhao is harassing his workers and extorting money from them. Ip trains the workers in Wing Chun for self defence. Meanwhile, Miura grows impatient when Ip does not return to the arena and sends men to find Ip. These men harass Ip's family, and Ip incapacitates them. Ip and his family then go into hiding at Li Zhao's house. Meanwhile, the robbers return to the cotton mill to demand money. The workers fight back using the techniques that Ip taught them. Just then, Ip appears and defeats Jin Shanzhao, warning him never to harass the workers again. The Japanese soldiers eventually find Ip at the cotton mill. Miura tells Ip that his life will be spared if agrees to instruct the Japanese soldiers in martial arts. Ip refuses and challenges Miura to a match, which Miura accepts, both because of his love for martial arts and because refusing the challenge would be a humiliation to the Japanese. The match between Ip and Miura is held in public in Foshan's square. At first, the two fighters seem equally matched, but Miura becomes overwhelmed and is unable to fend off Ip's attacks as he effortlessly uses him as a Wooden Dummy, inflicting a severe beating on him and clearly winning. As the beaten general lies down after his defeat, Ip looks over to the crowd and hears the Chinese cheering him; within the crowd, he spots his wife and child with Chow. Just then, Miura's deputy Sato shoots Ip. This sparks a scuffle between the Chinese audience and the Japanese soldiers. During the scuffle, Li Zhao kills Sato with Sato's own gun. Ip is taken away amidst the chaos. It is revealed that he survives and escapes to Hong Kong with his family. There, Ip establishes a Wing Chun school, where his students come to include Bruce Lee."] ['In 1910, the last year of the life of Leo Tolstoy , his disciples, led by Vladimir Chertkov , maneuver against his wife, Sophia , for control over Tolstoy\'s works after his death. The main setting is the Tolstoy country estate of Yasnaya Polyana. Tolstoy and Sofia have a long, loving marriage, but his idealistic and spiritual side  is at odds with her more aristocratic and conventionally religious views. Contention focuses on a new will that the "Tolstoians" are attempting to persuade him to sign. It would place all of his copyrights into the public domain, supposedly leaving his family without adequate support. The maneuvering is seen through the eyes of Tolstoy\'s new secretary, Valentin Bulgakov , who finds himself mediating between the two sides. He also has a love affair with one of the Tolstoians, Masha . Ultimately, Tolstoy signs the new will and travels to an undisclosed location where he can continue his work undisturbed. After his departure, Sophia unsuccessfully attempts suicide. During the journey, Tolstoy falls ill. The film ends with his death near the Astapovo train station where Sophia is allowed by their daughter to see him just moments before his death. The closing credits state that five years after his death the Russian senate reverted the copyrights in Tolstoy\'s work to Sophia.'] ["In the winter of 1937, the Japanese army occupied Nanking and killed over 200,000 and raped tens of thousands of Chinese people, one of human history's worst atrocities. In order to protect Chinese civilians, a small group of European and American expatriates, Western missionaries, professors, and businessmen banded together to save 250,000, risking their own lives. The film describes the Nanking Massacre by reading from letters and diaries which shows the activities of John Rabe , a German businessman, Robert O. Wilson , the only surgeon remaining to care for legions of victims, and Minnie Vautrin , an educator who passionately defends the lives and honor of Nanking's women during the war time. The film includes survivors who tell their own stories, the archival footage of the events, and the testimonies of Japanese soldiers who participated in the rampage."] ["The film opens by following a moody goth named Reese, who befriends three other outcasts like him: Zack a rich nerd, Ashley who is Zack's sister and Phoebe a flower child. They go to a forest and find a glowing rock, and they discover that they gain powers from just stepping into its presence. Then they use these powers to intimidate and humiliate people who have made fun of them over the years. *Zack gains telepathy. *Phoebe gains telekinesis or Psychokinesis. *Ashley gains speech induced psychic suggestion. *Reese gains the ability to heal or hurt others/himself using his mind. However the power goes to Ashley's head and she begins to take over the school using her mind control. She attacks her brother Zack and tries to kill Phoebe and Reese. They force her to heal Zack, but then she forces Phoebe to levitate off the building, then drop. Reese takes his hearing away from himself when Ashley tries to control him, and breaks the piece of the rock she had around her neck. He heals Phoebe, but when they return to destroy the glowing rock, it has disappeared. Ashley ends up in a mental institute, but at the very end, a former teacher of hers brings her more of the glowing rock, the movie ends with her eyes turning blue, indicating that her powers have come back."] ["In the 1930s, boxer Barney Ross wins the welterweight championship, then meets chorus girl Cathy Holland as he celebrates. Sam Pian, his trainer, learns that Barney placed a $10,000 bet on himself to win the fight. Cathy, a single mom of a young girl, Noreen, gets to know Barney, but is unaware of his gambling habit. When he loses to Henry Armstrong, he owes thousands to a bookie named Big Ralph and is forced to work in Ralph's bar to pay off the debt. Barney joins the Marines when war breaks out. He gets Cathy to marry him before leaving for the South Pacific, where, at 33, his heroism at Guadacanal saves another soldier's life and earns Barney a medal, the Silver Star. But he also contracts malaria, for which a medic prescribes morphine. Back home in Chicago, he is given a job with a public-relations firm by the father of the man whose life he saved. Barney is now addicted to morphine, however, and incurs a huge debt to Rico, a drug pusher. Cathy catches her desperate husband breaking into Noreen's piggy bank, so she moves out. Barney becomes suicidal. But when his wife returns to inform him that Rico has been arrested, Barney vows to beat his addiction if it is the last thing he does. He checks into a hospital in Kentucky while the whole country becomes aware of his plight. Four months later, Barney is permitted to leave, rejoin his family and resume his life."] ["The film is shot in a Ukrainian hospital full of desperate patients and makeshift equipment, but it is ultimately not a medical film—it is about a man, Henry Marsh, and his partnership with Ukrainian colleague Igor Petrovich, and their struggle with moral, ethical and professional issues. Henry's emotional journey takes him to visit the mother of a young girl he couldn't save some years ago, intercut with the current dilemma of a young man called Marian, dying of a brain tumour said to be inoperable in Ukraine. Marian has come to Kiev hoping that Henry can save him. He thinks he can, but only if Marian is awake throughout the entire operation. With an original soundtrack composed and performed by Nick Cave and Warren Ellis, the film is set in a bleak Ukrainian landscape as Henry and his colleague Igor Petrovich struggle against massive logistical odds and the wrath of the old Soviet health system."] ['In today\'s world of high school policy debate, successful debaters fly through academic research and facts at a pace of 400 words per minute by utilizing a strategy known as the spread. As a result of the spread, the ability to understand a round of policy debate by a lay person has decreased significantly since the spread\'s development during the 1960s.<ref name9492 Hollywood Reporter] With debate rounds now filled with specialized jargon, the accessibility and value of a debate round in increasing public discourse has also decreased. Today, high-powered rounds at national competition and the Tournament of Champions are contested almost exclusively by wealthy students of noteworthy private schools. Resolved begins by focusing on the careers of Matt Andrews and Sam Iola, the former a stand-out rising sophomore and the latter a rising senior famous within the policy debate community. In an underdog style victory, the team of Funches and Blackwell capture the California state championship. Once the team from Long Beach has won the state championship while playing by the conventional rules of modern policy debate, the team is introduced by their coach Dave Wiltz to Paulo Freire\'s Pedagogy of the Oppressed. From there, the team from Jordan High changes their debate strategy, arguing against the current strategy used in high school debate, and using Freire\'s work to show the oppressive nature of the spread and the structure of debate as a whole. Along these lines, Jordan High\'s team chooses to read slowly and focus on persuasion rather than pure quick argumentation. The team\'s strategies of using hip-hop music and arguing that policy debate is structured to disadvantage minorities were inspired by The Louisville Project. At the end of the documentary, however, they are defeated by a "traditional" team- Rahul Hirani and Tim Jurka from Saint Francis High School. The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed, but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments. Thus, their arguments were not consistent. They attempt to qualify for the tournament of champions, but this loss effectively curtails this dream. Moreover, one of the debaters is suspended, further ending any hope to this chance. In addition to the social message, Resolved involves commentaries from Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito, Jane Pauley, and Juan Williams.'] ['The son of a highly respected music professor, Florenz "Flo" Ziegfeld, Jr.  yearns to make his mark in show business. He begins by promoting Eugen Sandow , the "world\'s strongest man", at the 1893 Chicago World\'s Fair, overcoming the competition of rival Billings  and his popular attraction, belly dancer Little Egypt, with savvy marketing . Later, on an ocean liner to England, Flo runs into Billings again and discovers that he is on his way to sign a beautiful French star, Anna Held , to a contract. Despite losing all his money gambling at Monte Carlo, Flo charms Anna into signing with him instead. At first, Anna is not a success. However, Flo manages to generate publicity by sending many gallons of milk to Anna every day for a fictitious milk bath beauty treatment, then refusing to pay the bill. The newspaper stories soon bring the curious to pack his theater. Flo and Anna then get married. However, one success is not enough for the showman. He has an idea for an entirely new kind of show, one that will "glorify" the American woman. Thus, the Ziegfeld Follies is born, a lavish production filled with beautiful women. This makes Anna very nervous, as she is still performing in her own show and will be unable to keep an eye on her husband. It is a smash hit, and is followed by more versions of the Follies. Soon Flo hires Fanny Brice  away from vaudeville and gives stagehand Ray Bolger  his break as well. He also tries to make a star out of Audrey Dane , but alcoholism turns out to be her downfall. However, a short time before, Anna becomes jealous of the attention Flo pays to Audrey and divorces Flo. Afterward, Flo meets Broadway star Billie Burke  and marries her. When she hears the news, a heartbroken Anna telephones Flo and pretends to be glad for him. Flo and Billie eventually have a daughter named Patricia. Flo has more hits, but after a while, the public\'s taste changes, and people begin to wonder if the times have not passed him by. Stung, he vows to have four hits on Broadway at the same time. He achieves his goal - one of those four hits being Show Boat  - but then the stock market crash of 1929 bankrupts him, forcing Billie to go back on the stage. Shaken by the reversal of his financial fortunes and the growing popularity of movies over live stage shows, he becomes seriously ill. In the final scene, in a half-delirium, he recalls scenes from several of his hits, exclaiming, "I\'ve got to have more steps", a remark he made several times when examining the set designs of his Ziegeld Follies, before slumping over dead in his chair.'] ['The story begins with a reporter  interviewing Charles Templeton on his deathbed. Told in the eyes of Charles Templeton, the film proceeds in showing Billy Graham’s life as a teenager during the great depression living at the family dairy farm in Charlotte, North Carolina. During this time, Graham is seen becoming a Christian at a tent revival meeting. Later, Graham is seen going to Bob Jones College, which is now Bob Jones University, but Graham goes to Florida Bible Institute after being identified as a failure by Bob Jones, Sr. Following his time at Florida Bible Institute, Billy Graham goes to Wheaton College where he falls in love with his Wheaton classmate Ruth Bell to whom he ultimately gets married. In the 1940s, Charles Templeton, becomes a really close acquaintance of Billy Graham; however, Charles Templeton, who is a young, gifted preacher, leaves his faith when he is challenged by scientific skepticism, leading Graham and Templeton to part. Billy continues to evangelize in his crusades and believe that the word of God is infallible. The film finishes with Graham inviting his listeners to accept Christ as their personal savior in his Los Angeles crusade of 1949.'] ['The older Paul Verlaine meets the dead Arthur Rimbaud\'s sister, Isabelle, in a café in Paris. Isabelle and her mother want Verlaine to hand over any copies he may still have of Rimbaud\'s poems so that they can burn them; they fear the lewdness of his writings. Verlaine reflects on the wild relationship he had had with Rimbaud, beginning when the teenaged Rimbaud had sent his poetry to Verlaine from his home in the provinces in 1871. Verlaine, instantly fascinated, impulsively invites him to his rich father-in-law\'s home in Paris, where he lives with his young, pregnant wife. The wild, eccentric Rimbaud displays no sense of manners or decency whatever, scandalising Verlaine\'s pretentious, bourgeois in-laws. Verlaine is seduced by the 16-year-old Rimbaud\'s physical body as well as by the unique originality of his mind. The staid respectability of married, heterosexual life and easy, middle class surroundings had been stifling Verlaine\'s admittedly sybaritic literary talent. His taking up with Rimbaud is as much a rebellion and a liberation as it is a giving in to self-indulgence and masochism. Rimbaud acts as sadistically to Verlaine as does Verlaine to his young wife, whom he eventually deserts. A violent, itinerant relationship ensues between the two poets, the sad climax of which arrives in Brussels when a drunken and enraged Verlaine shoots and wounds Rimbaud and is sentenced to prison for sodomy and attempted murder. In prison, Verlaine converts to Christianity, to his erstwhile lover\'s disgust. Upon release he meets Rimbaud in Germany, vainly and mistakenly seeking to revive the relationship. The two men part, however, never to meet again. Bitterly renouncing literature in any form, Rimbaud travels the world alone, finally settling in Abyssinia  to run a "trading post". There he has a mistress and possibly a young boy-lover. A tumor in his right knee forces him back to France where his leg is amputated. Nevertheless, the cancer spreads and he dies at the age of 37. When he dies, the image of one of his most famous poems, Le Dormeur du val, appears. During her conversation with Verlaine, Isabelle Rimbaud asserts that her brother had accepted confession from a priest right before he died, showing Christian penitence, which is why only the censored versions of his poetry should survive. Verlaine pretends to agree but tears up her card after she leaves. Later, Verlaine, drinking absinthe , sees a vision of the sixteen-year-old Rimbaud, returned from some transcendent realm to express the love and respect Verlaine has thus posthumously earned. The film ends with the young Rimbaud walking alone on a mountain range, Verlaine proclaiming that they were both happy together, and Rimbaud claiming to have finally found eternity.'] ['In 1979 Los Angeles, Rocky Dennis , who suffers from a skull deformity, is accepted without question by his freewheeling biker mother\'s boyfriends, his "extended motorcycle family", and his maternal grandparents  but treated with fear, pity, awkwardness, and teasing by those unaware of his humanity, humor, and intelligence. Rocky\'s mother, Florence "Rusty" Dennis  is determined to give Rocky as normal a life as possible, in spite of her own wild ways as a member of the biker gang. She fights for Rocky\'s inclusion in a mainstream junior high school, and she confronts a principal who would rather classify Rocky as mental retardation and relegate him to a special education school to fulfill his special needs. Rusty asks the principal if they teach "algebra, biology, and English at this school, because...these are Rocky\'s needs." Rocky goes on to thrive at school. He wins friends by assisting a locker neighbor in remembering his combination. Using humor when faced with an awkward silence during roll call, Rocky just repeats the prior new student\'s line "Wow, thanks a lot." The class turns to smile and laugh with Rocky. He shows his brilliance in History class by giving a terrific rendition of the Greek myth about the Trojan Horse and it being the starting point of the Trojan Wars. Gradually overcoming discrimination and tutoring his classmates for $3 per hour, the principal asks Rocky to accept a job as a counselor\'s aide at Camp Bloomfield, a summer camp for the junior blind. At his graduation from junior high, Rocky takes home the academic achievement prizes in mathematics, history and science. Rocky feels the need to leave his chronically depressed and drug addicted mother, and in a tough love way, he helps Rusty help herself break her drug habit. At camp Rocky falls in love with Diana Adams , a blind girl who cannot see  his deformed countenance and is entranced by Rocky\'s kindness and compassion. Rocky uses his intelligence to explain to Diana the sighted words like pillowy, clouds, red and green by using cotton balls as a touchable vision of pillowy clouds, a warm rock to explain red and pink, and a frozen rock to explain icy blue. Diana introduces Rocky to her parents, who have a suspicious feeling about Rocky, due to his appearance. It becomes clear that Diana is overprotected by her parents, who don\'t give any of his messages to her, nor is she allowed to answer the phone when Rocky calls from home. Near the end of the film, Rocky faces the pain of separation from his girlfriend who goes away to a Special School for the Blind and the collapse of his dream motorbike trip through Europe when his best friend who was to come with him moves back to Michigan for good. However, Rocky feels better after taking a bus trip by himself to visit Diana at the equestrian stables, located near Griffith Park. Diana tells Rocky that she never received the phone messages from her parents, and this visit was to be Rocky\'s final encounter with Diana. One evening when Rocky\'s "Biker Family" is visiting, Rocky is fighting a fierce headache and quietly withdraws to his room. However, Rocky dies in his sleep during the night. On the next morning, Rusty flies into a fit of grief-stricken rage that wanes into mourning after realizing that her son had died. Rusty then re-pins his map of Europe and poetically says, "Now you can go anywhere you want, Baby." The movie ends with Rocky\'s biker family, Rusty, Gar and Dozer, visiting his grave, leaving flowers and some 1955 Brooklyn Dodger baseball cards by his headstone. A prized poem Rocky penned earlier in the movie closes the film:  :These things are good: :Ice cream and cake, :A ride on a Harley, :Seeing monkeys in the trees, :The rain on my tongue, :And the sun shining on my face. :These things are a drag: :Dust in my hair, :Holes in my shoes, :No money in my pocket, :And the sun shining on my face.'] ["Malte's sister Barbel is shown defending her father and insisting that he could not have known the full truth about Auschwitz, that he tried to resist or subvert the Nazi's most inhumane policies, and that the victims of Auschwitz should be thought of as casualties of war. Malte also includes testimony from a member of a Jewish family in Slovakia whose house was expropriated by the Nazis in the early 1940s."] ['The film is non-linear, framed by scenes of Nixon listening to his secret recordings towards the end of his presidency as the Watergate crisis intensifies. As such, it covers all aspects of Nixon\'s life as a composite of actual events, usually in the form of memories triggered by the recordings or newsreel-style summaries. It depicts his childhood in Whittier, California, as well as his growth as a young man, football fan and player, and suitor to his eventual wife, Pat Ryan. It explores most of the important events of his presidency, including his downfall due to abuse of executive power in the White House. The film implies that Nixon and his wife abused alcohol and prescription medication. Nixon\'s health problems, including his bout of phlebitis and pneumonia during the Watergate crisis, are also shown in the film, and his various medicants are sometimes attributed to these health issues. The movie also hints at some kind of responsibility, real or imagined, that Nixon felt towards the John F. Kennedy assassination through references to "the Bay of Pigs", the implication being that the mechanisms set into place for the invasion by Nixon during his term as Dwight D. Eisenhower\'s vice-president spiraled out of control to culminate in the assassination and, eventually, Watergate. The film ends with Nixon\'s resignation and famous departure from the lawn of the White House on the helicopter, Army One. Real life footage of Nixon\'s state funeral in Yorba Linda, California, plays out over the extended end credits, and all living ex-presidents at the time, Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, and then-president Bill Clinton, are shown in attendance.'] ['Bruce Lee, My Brother is a dramatic biopic of the eponymous martial arts legend as told by his younger brother, Robert Lee. Based directly from the book "Memories of Lee Siu Loong", which is authored by Lee\'s siblings http://www.cityonfire.com/robert-lee-interview/http://www.beyondhollywood.com/bruce-lee-my-brother-2010-movie-review/, it revolves around Bruce Lee\'s life as a rebellious adolescent in Hong Kong before he sets off for the USA and conquers the world at the age of 18 with only $102US in his pocket. As a young man, Bruce grew up in an affluent family. Entering the film industry at an early age, he gained fame as a child actor. Outside the home and studio, he was rebellious; he spent time engaging in street fights, dancing with lady friends, and hanging with his buddies, Kong and Unicorn, the latter a fellow child actor who would later appear in Fist of Fury and Way of the Dragon. Invincible as he is as a street fighter, Bruce\'s romantic escapades are not as smooth and successful. He is head-over-heels in love with Pearl, only to realize his mate Kong shares the same passion. At a cha-cha dancing tournament, Kong tells Bruce his intentions of leaving Pearl so Bruce himself can have her, damaging their friendship. Bruce is unable to come to terms with Kong. Against his father\'s wishes, Bruce studies the Wing Chun martial arts style instead of Tai-chi and tastes his first public triumph at a tournament with his kung fu skills. On the eve of his triumph, he learns that Kong has become a drug addict. The same boxer whom Bruce defeated at the ring informs him of his whereabouts. Bruce rumbles the drug lord\'s den together with Unicorn to rescue Kong, but the drug dealers confront them. Their actions cause a massive chase sequence; although Bruce and his friends survive, Kong would later die from his drug overdose. Bruce himself became the target of both the Triads and corrupted cops who want him in jail. To save his life, Bruce\'s father has no choice but to send him off to San Francisco.'] ["A wild, uncontrollable youth, Hanlan is adopted by a gambler named Bill, who promotes the boy on the sculling circuit for his own monetary gain. Ruthlessly businessman Knox assumes control of Hanlan's career, but when Ned discovers just how ruthless Knox can be, he casts his lot with the first honest man he has met, inventor-speculator Walter. Hanlan's professional success is capped by his marriage to Margaret, Knox's previously unattainable niece."] ['The story begins in 1958 when Otis Williams, at the time a teenager, is running to meet his friend Elbridge "Al" Bryant at a musical performance by The Cadillacs, where Otis and the singer lock eyes, which he credits as the moment he devoted his life to music. After the concert, Otis and Al go to a barber where Otis gets a Tony Curtis style haircut and Al gets a New Yorker style haircut. Later, Otis arrives home for dinner, where his father is angered by his hairstyle and pressures him to go to work at the assembly line instead of going into music, which Otis heatedly rejects. Six months later, Otis, Al and two new band members, are singing on a street corner when they see another group of singers across the street, and are impressed by one singer\'s bass voice type. The next day after school, Otis spots the singer leaving to walk home, and decides to follow him. The singer sees Otis and begins to run away, thinking him to be a gang member. Otis eventually catches him and introduces himself, finding out that the singer\'s name is Melvin Franklin, and invites him to join his group, Otis Williams & the Siberians. Melvin agrees, on the condition that his mother approves. After talking her, Otis convinces Melvin\'s mother to let him join. The group, now with five members, are practicing their singing after school one day when they notice a group of girls watching them sing. Upon seeing this, the group follows them while singing Earth Angel. The girls go their separate ways until one girl, Josephine, remains, and Otis asks her out on a date. The next Saturday, the group are making out with the girls in a milk truck when they hear for their group to come the radio station, and hastily drive to the station, which turns out to be a run-down apartment. Johnnie May Matthews, the owner of the pirate radio studio in the basement, declares herself their new manager and producer, and also changes their name to Otis Williams and the Distants. In April 1960, the group are waiting to perform at a party where they meet Paul Williams, Eddie Kendricks, singers for The Primes, Mary Wilson, Florence Ballard, Diana Ross singer for the Primettes, Smokey Robinson, lead singer of The Miracles, and Berry Gordy, founder and owner of Motown Records. Al arrives late at the party and shows hostility towards Eddie and Paul, while hitting on Diana. The Primes and Primettes perform and the Distants are impressed by their sound. After performing themselves, Otis and Melvin see Berry Gordy entering the bathroom and follow him. After some talking, Berry gives them a business card to contact him later on. Once the party\'s ends, Johnnie shows up in a new car, bought with the money earned from their record, while also showing off rolls of money. Awestruck, they ask about when they get paid, which angers Johnnie and she immediately fires them, kicks them out of the car and drives away. Al and two other members promptly quit the group, leaving Otis and Melvin as the only two remaining members. Shortly after, Melvin approaches Otis and tells him that Eddie Kendricks and Paul Williams recently left their own group and are interested in joining them. Otis is reluctant to let them join, as he finds them arrogant and cocky, but ultimately accepts when Al rejoins the group. With this new line-up, the group renames themselves the Elgins. Eddie and Paul prove to be valuable members; Paul teaches them how to dance and becomes their unofficial choreographer, while Eddie becomes their falsetto singer. In March 1961, Otis enters Motown Studios, the headquarters of Motown Records, and meets up with Berry Gordy. After the meeting, Otis finds the others waiting outside for an answer. He informs them that Berry will sign them if they can come up with a better group name. After sitting outside the studio for hours waiting to be called in and thinking up a new name, a secretary named Martha Reeves finds them outside and calls them in to meet Berry. When they get to Berry, he asks them for their name, to which Otis replies "the Temptations". Berry likes the name and agrees to hear them sing. After hearing them perform Oh Mother of Mine  Berry enthusiastically signs them under the Motown label. The group are now in high spirits and make a pact to never leave the group. Otis arrives home to find out that Josephine is pregnant, and although he is shocked, he promises to take responsibility for the baby. In a voiceover, Otis explains that he and Josephine were married shortly after and later gave birth to their son, Lamont. While making moderately successful records written largely by Berry, such as Paradise and I Want a Love I Can See, and getting real choreography from Chollie Atkins, the group start to become known as "The Hitless Temptations" as they can\'t seem to make a real hit in the first three years under the Motown label. The group start to doubt themselves as talented singers and Al starts to lose his passion for singing and becomes more and more negative and volatile. This comes to a head after performing at a New Year\'s Eve party, Al hits Paul with a beer bottle and punches him in the face when asked to do an encore on stage. He is kicked out of the group immediately. The remaining four go back on stage anyway and perform the classic party song Shout. While singing, Jimmy Ruffin and his younger brother David Ruffin jump on stage and sing as well. The group are impressed the duos\' singing, especially David\'s. After the party, the four, along with David, go to Melvin\'s mother\'s house to eat. While they eat and talk, the four invite David to join the group, which he readily accepts. With five members once again, they make a toast to the future success of the Temptations. In January 1964, the group head to Hitsville to record a song written for them by Smokey Robinson. The song, called The Way You Do the Things You Do becomes an instant hit and puts the Temptations on the map. Shortly after the song hits the charts, the group go on a tour with various other Motown artists, such as the Vandellas, the Miracles, and Marvin Gaye. And they perform The Way You Do the Things You Do live. One afternoon, while changing a tire on the tour bus, a pair of racist Southerners drive by shooting at them with a shotgun, and David and Eddie try in vain to chase them down, but quickly give up. The tour eventually ends and they all arrive back in Detroit. While Josephine is waiting for Otis in front of Hitsville, she sees him with another woman, and assumes that they are having an affair, and storms off. Soon after, the Temptations go on tour again and perform The Girl\'s Alright With Me. In November that year, Smokey writes them another song called My Girl. The song debuts early next year and becomes a massive success, reaching number one on the charts that years. The group enjoys their newfound success and wealth, spending money on themselves and their loved ones. With this success, however, soon comes trouble. By early 1966, David starts to develop an ego, thinking himself to be solely responsible for the Temptations\' success. He also begins using drugs and starts showing up late for rehearsals and meetings, if he shows up at all. This behavior starts to take a toll on the group, and soon after recording Ain\'t Too Proud to Beg, Otis and Melvin pay David a visit, warning him to clean up his act or else be fired. Later, Berry introduces the group to their new manager, Shelly Berger. Shelly plans to expand the Temptations\' fanbase to the mainstream white audience, which they are somewhat reluctant about, as they think their original fans will see them as sell-outs. After some consideration, the Temptations agree and are put on a month-long tour with the Supremes. The tour turns out to be a success and gets them to the Copacabana, although David\'s destructive behavior continues, and he declares his shady friend, Flynn, his new manager instead of Shelly. Flynn informs the group that David wants to change the group name to "David Ruffin & The Temptations" or else he will not perform, which they reject. David shows up anyway, albeit late, and performs I\'m Losing You at the Copa, and leaves in a separate limo. After the show, the others take a vote on whether or not they should keep David in the group, and all but Eddie vote to kick him out. Shortly after, David shows up at Hitsville in his limo. While the four watch from a window, Shelly meets David outside and hands him a note informing him of their decision. Upon reading this, David flies into a rage, yelling at them through the window. He then gets into his limo and drives off. Melvin rhetorically asks "So now what"? Later in 1968, the Temptations hire Dennis Edwards, an old friend, as a replacement for David. It is around this time that the group enters their psychedelic soul era, started with their 1968 single Cloud Nine. During a concert performance, the group is about to sing Ain\'t Too Proud to Beg when David jumps on stage and steals the microphone from Dennis and sings himself. The others go along with this to save face, but then chase him backstage and get into a brief argument before getting security guards to escort him out. By 1969, Paul\'s drinking becomes debilitating and Melvin develops rheumatoid arthritis in the legs and starts taking cortisone shots to ease the symptoms despite his doctor\'s advice, yet both continue performing anyway. Around this time Otis and Josephine also get a divorce. As Paul\'s condition gets progressively worse, the others begin to consider whether Paul should retire, at least for the time being. Eddie is against this, as he thinks that they should stick by Paul and be with him at all times, making sure he doesn\'t drink. In November 1970, Eddie visits David, who begins to turn him against Otis and Melvin while giving him his first shot of cocaine. Shortly after, Paul becomes well enough to sing again, and the Temptations record a new song written by their producer Norman Whitfield called Just My Imagination. Eddie quits the group after performing the song at the Copacabana. Later, Otis and his son Lamont visit Paul at his house. Paul asks to be back in the Temptations, while demonstrating his dancing, almost falling over. Otis tell him that he will be back when he gets better. In June 1972, Norman writes another song called Papa Was a Rolling Stone, which the group are initially against recording. Otis because it\'s not a ballad and Dennis because his father died on the third of September. Eventually the group goes along with it. In a montage set to the song, David and Eddie are seen performing and Paul is seen struggling with his addiction, while fighting with his wife, and later driving around town, ending with Paul committing suicide in a parking lot. Eddie reunites with the others at the funeral, with Melvin telling him that while he\'s out of the group, they will always be family. By 1977, the Temptations have moved from Detroit to Los Angeles and have been hit with a dry spell in their career. The group, now with Otis and Melvin as the only remaining original members, fire Shelly as their manager, leave the Motown label and start recording under the Atlantic Records label. Eddie is still under the Motown label and has made two major hits, while David, who has had some hits after the Temptations, is also under a dry spell. One day, while Melvin is helping a woman with her grocery bags, a thief gets in his car and tries to start it. When Melvin tries to stop him, the thief shoots him in both of his legs, kicks him out, and drives off in his car. Melvin tells Otis to go on tour without him, as they need the money. After the tour, Otis goes back to Detroit with Lamont to visit his mother, who tells him that she has cancer. They then have a heart-to-heart on the porch. In 1980, Melvin\'s legs are still recovering and the Temptations leave Atlantic Records. Eddie\'s success is starting to fade and he is reduced to playing in small nightclubs. While performing one night, Eddie spots David in the audience and once he finishes the song Keep On Truckin\', brings David on stage and they sing You\'re My Everything together. After everyone leaves the club, Eddie and David have a drink at the bar and agree to start their own faction of the Temptations, along with Dennis Edwards, who was fired from the Temptations in 1978. Otis and Melvin move back to Detroit and go back under the Motown label and Shelly becomes their manager again. Not long after, Motown becomes interested in setting up a reunion tour between both sets of the Temptations. By 1982, the tour is officially underway and both sets of Temptations come together to rehearse and become reacquainted. While on tour, Josephine calls and informs Otis that Lamont died in a construction accident. After Otis gets back from the funeral, the tour starts to fall apart, as David\'s drug addiction starts to trigger his destructive nature. In 1989, the Temptations are inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. At the ceremony, Otis and Melvin are reunited with David, Eddie, and Dennis. And despite their past squabbles and rivalries, for one moment, they are friends again. In June 1991, a dead body is found in front of a hospital. After a week in the morgue, the body is finally identified as that of David Ruffin, dead of an apparent drug overdose. Eddie dies soon after of lung cancer in October 1992, but that is not shown. In February 1995, Otis and Melvin, now reduced to a wheelchair, visit Melvin\'s mother. While preparing to eat dinner, Melvin, despite being in a wheelchair, volunteers to get short ribs from the kitchen. While he\'s gone, Melvin\'s mother thanks Otis for taking care of Melvin and keeping the Temptations together through all the good and bad times. The two then call for Melvin, but he doesn\'t respond. They go into the kitchen and find him dead. Many people show up at the funeral, including Smokey Robinson, who sings his song "Really Gonna Miss You". The film ends with the "classic five" Temptations  in their youth, singing "My Girl" on a stage. At the end of the song, they take a bow, with Otis saying in a voice-over "Temptations, forever."'] ['The film starts with a quote from Lawrence\'s book Seven Pillars of Wisdom which is used for the title of the film: "All men dream: but not equally. Those who dream in the dark recesses of the night awake in the day to find all was vanity. But the dreamers of day are dangerous men, for they may act their dreams with open eyes, and make it possible." Feisal arrives at the post-war Paris Peace Conference  to claim Syria for Arab rule after the break-up of the Ottoman Empire. He is delayed by French diplomats uncertain of his intentions. Lawrence joins Feisal\'s negotiating staff despite attempts by the French  to exclude the Arabs altogether.  Lawrence defends Feisal’s claim to Syria by citing previous British offerings to Feisal’s father in a “secret letter”, as well as their joint triumphant march into Damascus against the Turks. Feisal\'s main demand is for Syria to be governed by Arabs. France has a stake there, however, and has made previous colonial agreements with Great Britain which complicate matters.″A Dangerous Man: Lawrence after Arabia″. Nothing is Written Film Lawrence\'s newly gained popularity after World War I poses a further complication, as popular movies promote him, a white European, as the "Uncrowned King of Arabia". The wartime friendship between him and Feisal is thereby strained. As negotiations reach a peak, Lawrence is called away to his dying father’s bedside. He arrives too late to see his father alive, and must leave too soon to see him buried. Throughout the film, Lawrence is shown writing what would become his life\'s work, Seven Pillars of Wisdom. As in the 1962 film Lawrence of Arabia and many biographies, the film suggests that Lawrence favors relationships with men over women. Ralph Fiennes plays Lawrence as hesitant in the public eye, smiling when forced to, knowing when to be hard in his negotiations, and completely alien to the world of women.'] ['The film explores the lives and relationships of five couples married for fifty years or longer. The couples discuss the issues that inform every long-term relationship. They recount stories of their shared journeys, from living room jazz jam sessions, to the Gay Pride parade in New York, to the backwoods of Northern California.'] ["Elizabeth Bayley Seton  is a happily married New York Episcopalian socialite and mother of five whose life gets turned around after her husband, William Seton, dies of consumption in Italy after his shipping business went bankrupt. As a widow of five children, she opens a small school in an effort to support herself and family. She decides to convert to Catholicism, much to the protest and distaste of her friends and family. As a social outcast, she is left with nothing so she and her daughters took refuge in Baltimore. Under the wing of John Carroll, the first American Catholic bishop, she opens a school, establishes a religious routine and takes religious vows, thus becoming `Mother Seton.' Eventually she, her daughter, and a band of young women who have joined her rattle west in a covered wagon into the countryside, to Emmitsburg, Maryland., where, on an initial diet of salt pork and carrot coffee, she sets up a school and a convent for her growing sisterhood, Sisters of Charity. She dies from consumption at 46. Though not meeting the four miracle requirement to become a saint, Mother Seton was canonized in 1975."] ['Starting in 1978, FBI agent Joseph D. Pistone is assigned to infiltrate the New York City–based Bonanno crime family. Calling himself Donnie Brasco and posing as an expert jewel thief from Vero Beach, Florida, he befriends Benjamin "Lefty" Ruggiero, a low-level mob hit man whose personal life is in tatters, and Dominick "Sonny Black" Napolitano, the captain of Lefty\'s crew. Lefty can\'t seem to make enough money, his son is a drug addict and he is continually passed over for promotion within the crime family. He continually reminds Brasco of his growing disillusionment about having spent 30 years as a wiseguy , with little to show for it. In Donnie, at least, Lefty sees a young protégé who might be able to succeed where he failed. He takes Donnie under his wing. Donnie quickly becomes accepted by the other family members, as an "associate"  and is later nearly officially inducted into the mob as a "made man." The longer Pistone plays the role of a gangster, the more he finds himself actually becoming Donnie Brasco during his rare off-duty hours. His long absences and change in personality drive a wedge between Pistone and his wife and three children. Meanwhile, the slightest mistake in his performance as a mobster could result in death to him and his family. In addition, Pistone has come to regard Lefty as a close and trusted friend. He knows that when the day finally comes that the FBI arrests his mob associates, he will be ending Lefty\'s life as surely as if he himself had killed him.'] ['In 1792, Spain reels amid the turmoil and upheaval of the French Revolution. Francisco Goya  is a renowned painter, who, among others, does portraits for the royal family as the Official Court Painter to the King and Queen. The Spanish Inquisition is disturbed by part of Goya\'s work. Brother Lorenzo Casamares  is hiring Goya to paint a portrait and defends him, saying that his works are not evil, they just show evil. He recommends the Church step up the fight against anti-Catholic practices. He requests and is put in charge of intensifying the Inquisition. When posing in Goya\'s studio, Lorenzo asks Goya about a young model he uses, Inés , daughter of a rich merchant, Tomás Bilbatúa  who also has got a son named Ángel . Inés is spotted by Inquisition spies  declining a dish of pork in a tavern. The Holy Office of the Inquisition orders Inés to come to the Office. There she is arrested and accused of "judaizing", i.e. spreading Jewish rituals, because she did not eat pork the other evening. She is stripped naked and tortured by strappado , confesses, and is imprisoned. Naturally, the Inquisition\'s archives had already revealed that one of her father\'s ancestors had converted from Judaism to Christianity in 1624 upon arrival in Spain from Amsterdam. Tomás begs Goya for help, who in turn asks Lorenzo to find out about Inés\' situation. Lorenzo visits Inés in prison telling her that he is going to help her and will pass a message to her family if she wishes. He offers to pray with Inés, but is clearly struggling with desire for her as she prays in the nude with him. At a dinner in Tomás\' home, where he and Goya are guests, Lorenzo defends "The Question" : he argues that if the accused is really innocent, God will give him or her the strength to deny guilt, so a person who confesses must be guilty. Tomás does not agree: he argues that people will confess to anything under torture, and Goya agrees. To prove this Tomás draws up a statement which says that Lorenzo confesses to being a monkey, and, with the help of his sons, does not let Lorenzo leave unless he agrees to sign it. Goya pleads for Lorenzo without success, and is escorted away and pushed out of the home. Tomás, his sons and servants torture with a makeshift strappado , causing Lorenzo to break down and sign. Tomás promises to destroy the document after Inés is released. He gives Lorenzo a large amount of gold for the Church, hoping it will persuade the Holy Office to consider leniency. Lorenzo pleads for Inés, but the Inquisitor General Father Gregorio, while accepting the money, refuses, since Inés has confessed. Lorenzo again visits Inés in prison and, offering to pray with her, instead has sex with her. Tomás brings the document to the king, Charles IV , who is highly amused at seeing it, and promises to assist Inés. Lorenzo is now an embarrassment to the Spanish Church and they come to arrest him. He flees. Lorenzo\'s portrait is confiscated by the Church, and is set on fire in public, to burn him in effigy. Fifteen years pass, and Goya is at the height of his creativity, but has grown deaf. The French army under Napoleon invades Spain, abolishes the Inquisition and sets the prisoners free. Lorenzo, who fled to France, where he was introduced to the ideas of the French Revolution and became a fanatical adherent of them, is now Napoleon\'s chief special prosecutor against his former Spanish colleagues in the Inquisition.  A French court presides over the show trial, conviction and sentencing to death of the Inquisitor General. Inés, who was said to be tried, has actually been left to languish in the dungeons until now. She has given birth to a daughter in prison, and, upon visiting her old home and finding her family killed, turns to Goya for help in finding her child, who was taken away from her immediately after birth. Lorenzo is the father, which is embarrassing for him, and he sends Inés, whose sanity has suffered in prison, to an insane asylum. Lorenzo questions the condemned Inquisitor General, sparing him for information about what would happen to a child born in the Inquisition prison. The Inquisitor General tells him the child would be placed in an orphanage. Lorenzo tracks it down, and he learns from the nuns who run it that his daughter\'s name is Alicia. She had run away several years before. In Garden Park, Goya finds a prostitute named Alicia  who looks identical to Inés. He goes to Lorenzo asking for Inés so he can reunite her with her daughter. Lorenzo goes to see Alicia, offering to pay for her passage to America if she will agree to leave Spain, but she refuses the offer and jumps out of his carriage. Goya finds Inés, and bribes the asylum director to release her, and tries to bring Inés to see Alicia. But as Goya tries to persuade Alicia to see her mother, a group of soldiers forcibly arrests the prostitutes, including Alicia, to deport them to America. Inés, who was evidently waiting outside to meet Aicia, finds the abandoned baby left by Alicia when she was seized, and in her delusion thinks the baby, who may well be her granddaughter, to be her own lost daughter. The British invade Spain from Portugal, defeating the French troops with the help of the Spanish population. The wagons in which the prostitutes are being transported are abandoned by the French cavalry guarding them when the British attack, with Alicia catching the eye of a British officer. Lorenzo is arrested as he is fleeing. The Spanish reinstate the Inquisition, which now tries and sentences Lorenzo to death, the Inquisitor General condemning him in much the same words as in Lorenzo\'s speech at his trial. They are willing to spare him if he repents, and they urge Lorenzo to do so until the last moment at the site of the execution in the city center, to which he is led in the auto da fe wearing a sanbenito with painted flames indicating he is sentenced to die. On the scaffold, Lorenzo spots his daughter Alicia, on the arm of the British officer, scoffing at him. He also notices Goya sitting at a distance sketching the entire ordeal. Inés is also present in the crowd and calls to Lorenzo enthusiastically to show him the baby she believes is their daughter. Refusing to repent, despite pleas from his former colleagues the monks, Lorenzo is garrotted. The film ends with a cart taking Lorenzo\'s body away, escorted by Inés, holding the hand of the dead Lorenzo, children prancing about singing songs, and with Goya following closely behind her.'] ["During his murder spree, Jeffrey Dahmer  conducts sadistic experiments on his victims before he murders them. He killed one man this way in Bath, Ohio and sixteen men in the metropolitan area of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. At the same time, he rationalizes his crimes with the divorce of his parents and his emotionally isolated childhood. Nevertheless, he can't stop inviting more and more young men from bars and clubs to his home, where he kills them. Only when the young Rodney  escapes from Dahmer's apartment are the authorities able to arrest him."] ['Polis Is This is a film that follows the life of the poet Charles Olson. Filmmaker Henry Ferrini uses archival footage of Olson, as well as an array of interview subjects, including actor John Malkovich, to paint a picture of Olson and his life. Throughout the course of the film, Olson struggles to save Gloucester, Massachusetts, his home town, from progress, which in his opinion was taking away the town\'s very essence. Henry Ferrini is a native of Gloucester himself, and feels the way Olson does about the issues of progress. Polis is This encourages viewers to appreciate where they come from and educates them about the extraordinary possibilities that exist in the ordinary things that exist around them in their daily lives.{{citation needed}} Author Jim Harrison has called the film "sublime" and "simply stunning." Russell Banks has called the film "an invaluable contribution to our literature."http://www.polisisthis.com/press.html'] ['The story begins with Beatrix Potter nervously packing her portfolio and narrating that she is a London spinster, and that her ambition to become a children\'s author meets with wide disapproval. She and her chaperone, Miss Wiggin, visit the publishing house of the Warne brothers and they decide to publish her book. Beatrix is thrilled and returns home, not without taking a drive through the parks to celebrate first. However it is revealed that the Warne brothers think her book is ridiculous and will no doubt be a failure. The only reason they agreed to publish her story is because they promised their youngest brother, Norman, a project. When Norman Warne arrives, Beatrix makes decisions about her finished book, regarding size, colour and price. Norman admits he has never done anything like this before but has given her book a great deal of thought. Beatrix realises what the Warne brothers have done regarding her and Norman but they become determined to prove them wrong. Norman takes Beatrix to the printer, and she has her drawings reproduced and copies of her book sold. Thrilled, Beatrix and Norman visit the Warne family, where Beatrix meets the wheelchair-bound but lovely Mrs. Warne, and Norman\'s sister, Amelia, nicknamed "Millie". Millie has decided that she and Beatrix are going to be friends and is overjoyed that Beatrix is a spinster, as is Millie, who believes men to be nothing but bores. The family befriends Beatrix, yet Helen Potter, Beatrix\'s social-climbing mother, is unhappy about her daughter spending time in the company of tradesmen. When she returns home, Beatrix and Helen bicker about Beatrix\'s stubborn decision not to marry. Beatrix reminds her mother of the book she wrote, and her mother retorts she believes the venture will fail. However, the book sales are very successful and copies are displayed in many store windows. Even Beatrix\'s father, Rupert, buys a copy along with friends at the Reform Club. Encouraged by this success and her father\'s support, Beatrix invites Norman and Millie to her family\'s Christmas party, despite her mother\'s misgivings. At the party everyone enjoys themselves and Beatrix shows Norman a story she is writing especially for him, "The Rabbits\' Christmas Party". She shows him a drawing from the story and shows him her studio where she writes and draws. Miss Wiggin falls asleep from too much brandy , and Norman plucks up the courage to propose to Beatrix. Mrs. Potter interrupts before Beatrix can reply, and they join the other guests in the drawing room. Beatrix confides in Millie about Norman proposing, and Millie encourages her to say yes. Beatrix then tells the guests of the stories she writes and they are delighted and amused. Mrs. Potter, however, can not see what all the fuss is about. As the guests leave, Beatrix whispers her agreement to marry Norman, who is overjoyed. Soon after, Rupert Potter invites Norman to his office and tells him his opinion of him. At the Potter household, Beatrix and her parents argue about her decision to marry Norman. Beatrix is adamant and will not be dissuaded. Mrs. Potter tells her no Potter can marry into trade, but Beatrix reminds her that her grandfathers were both tradesmen. When Mrs. Potter threatens to cut her daughter off, Beatrix reminds them of her brother, Bertram, who married a wine merchant\'s daughter and was not disowned. She states she can survive on her own with her novels. Mr. Potter attempts to reason with his daughter, but she tells him she wants to be loved and not simply marry someone because he can provide for her. Beatrix inquires with the bank about her royalty earnings, wondering if she would perhaps someday be able to buy a house in the country. She is amazed and delighted to learn that her book sales have made her wealthy enough to buy several estates and a house in town if she wishes. When she returns home her parents offer a proposition: that Beatrix keep her engagement to Norman a secret and vacation with them in the Lake District for the summer. If she still wishes to marry him at the end of the summer, they agree that they will not object to the marriage. Beatrix agrees to the proposition and is quite convinced that she will not change her mind, telling her parents to prepare for an October wedding. Norman and Beatrix kiss each other goodbye at the train station and write many letters during their time apart, until one day a letter arrives from his sister Millie, informing her that Norman is ill. Beatrix travels back to London only to find that Norman has died. Overcome with grief, Beatrix shuts herself up in her room. She turns to her drawing, but discovers that her characters disappear off the page. Millie comes to visit and comfort her, and Beatrix decides she must leave the house. Beatrix buys a farm in the country in the Lake District and moves there to resume her work. She hires a farmhand to run the farm and finds comfort in her surroundings. With the help of her solicitor, William Heelis, she outbids developers at auctions and buys many other farms and land in the area to preserve nature. Eight years after moving to the Lake District she marries William. The land eventually forms part of the Lake District National Park in northwestern England.'] ['The film begins in 1797 with William Wilberforce severely ill and taking a recuperative holiday in Bath, Somerset, with his cousin, Henry Thornton. It is here that William is introduced to his future wife, Barbara Spooner. Although he initially resists any romantic overtures, she convinces him to relate the story of his career. The story flashes back 15 years to 1782, and William recounts the events that led him to where he is now. Beginning as a young, ambitious, and popular Tory Member of Parliament , he experiences a religious enlightenment and aligns himself with the evangelical wing of the Church of England. William contemplates leaving politics to study theology however is persuaded by his friends William Pitt, Thomas Clarkson, Hannah More, and Olaudah Equiano that he will be more effective doing the work of God by taking on the unpopular and dangerous issue of the abolition of the British slave trade. His conviction in the cause deepens following a meeting with his former mentor John Newton  who is said to live "in the company of 20,000 ghosts... slaves". As a former slave ship captain turned Evangelical Christian, he deeply regrets his past life and the effects on his fellow man. Newton urges William to take up the cause. Pitt becomes Prime Minister and William becomes a key supporter and confidant. Pitt gives William the opportunity to present a bill before the house outlawing the slave trade. William\'s passionate campaigning leads him to become highly unpopular in the House of Commons. He is opposed by a coalition of MPs representing vested interests of the slave trade in London, Bristol, Glasgow, and Liverpool led by Banastre Tarleton and the Duke of Clarence. Despite popular support and the assistance of an unlikely ally in the form of Charles James Fox, William\'s bill to abolish the slave trade goes down to defeat. Afterward, the film portrays Pitt as one of his few friends and allies remaining in Parliament however even their relationship becomes strained. Pitt, now facing the stresses of leading a shaky coalition during the French Revolutionary Wars, tells William that his cause must now wait for a more stable political climate. William keeps up the fight but after years of failure he is left exhausted and frustrated that he was unable to change anything in the government. Believing his life\'s work has been in vain, he becomes physically ill , which brings the story back up to 1797. Having virtually given up hope, William considers leaving politics forever. Barbara convinces him to keep fighting because there is no other person who is willing or able to do so. A few days afterward, William and Barbara marry. Several years pass with no further success however William\'s wife and new children provide him with the support and strength needed to carry on the fight. Finally, with a renewed hope for success William devises a backdoor method of slowly weakening the slave trade through seemingly innocuous legislation. Aided by Thornton, Clarkson, and new ally James Stephen and cheered on by the now termminally ill Pitt, he reintroduces his bill to abolish the slave trade. In time, after the 20-year campaign and many attempts to bring legislation forward, he is eventually responsible for a bill being passed through Parliament in 1807, which abolishes the slave trade in the British Empire forever.'] ["The film spans from her early childhood to the 1950s which details her life as a Dutch ballerina, coming to grips with her parents' divorce, and enduring life in the Nazi-occupied Netherlands during World War II. Audrey then settles in the U.S. where she succeeds in making it big as a movie actress, in such movies as Breakfast at Tiffany's. The closing credits include footage of the real Audrey Hepburn during one of the UNICEF missions she undertook near the end of her life."] ['The movie starts off with Mussolini arriving in a small town in 1901 and getting a job as a school teacher; he is subsequently fired for having sex with the headmaster\'s daughter. This would be a common theme throughout the movie. After giving up on teaching, he works as a builder on the new University of Geneva campus building, and where a lover persuades him to become a student. This is also where he organizes his first protest after the death of a worker he knew. For this, he is nearly deported but is saved by Angelica\'s intervention. After getting run out of then-Austro-Hungarian Trieste, he goes back to his hometown of Forlì, where he marries Rachele. Soon he is at the forefront of the Socialist movement when he becomes the editor-in-chief of Avanti!. At this point Mussolini unites the "reds," the Socialists, with the "yellows," the Republicans in an anti-war movement. This marks the peak of his power, with the Italian left-wing politics under his control. However, he gradually loses his anti-war fervor and splits from the Socialist party altogether, turning all his allies into enemies.'] ['Soyo  is a quiet, conscientious sixth form student. Although he doesn’t enjoy school, he attends dutifully, without a word of complaint. And then, one day, he discovers inline skating. A complete beginner, he practices at first in a hidden corner of the park. Here, he meets a group of wild skaters and immediately, one skater, Mogi , catches his eye. His adventurous jumps and breathtaking loops defy all laws of gravity. Mogi is without doubt the star of the group. His stunts, his style and the cool way he executes even the most daring of figures are unrivalled. Mogi’s girlfriend, Hanjoo , invites Soyo to join their team and he accepts enthusiastically.<ref name2006 Programme: Tae-Poong-Tae-Yang|urlBerlinale}} No sooner does he become a member of the skaters than his life changes completely. The loneliness Soyo sometimes felt simply disappears – as does his quiet existence. He soon makes enormous progress as a skater. Soyo’s life becomes faster and more exciting, and Mogi and Hanjoo turn out to be the kind of friends he always dreamed of having. The team are busy preparing for the world championships, in which Mogi is to take part. But then, disaster strikes. The film crew with whom Mogi is working on a commercial shoot is particularly condescending to him. He allows himself to be goaded into performing a particularly dangerous jump that ends in a bad accident. All at once, the whole team is completely absorbed with trying to scrape the money together to pay off their looming debts, and Mogi appears to have lost all interest in skating. Soyo’s faith in his new friends dwindles and the once-successful team threatens to fall apart.'] [' As his contract nears expiration in March 1996, professional wrestler Bret "Hitman" Hart was torn between two companies, World Wrestling Federation  and World Championship Wrestling  during the Monday Night Wars. On one hand, the WWF was his home. The chairman of the company, Vince McMahon, is a father figure to Hart and takes credit for Hart\'s rise to international wrestling stardom. However, the company\'s new creative approach to marketing professional wrestling, the "WWF Attitude" marketing brand which relies on an emphasis on sex, extreme violence, and the replacing of heroic wrestling characters with disaffected anti-heroes in effort to compete against the already-popular WCW, has left Hart disillusioned. Ted Turner\'s WCW, on the other hand, was willing to pay him a great deal to "jump ship" as well as give him a fresh start in a company that offers a more wholesome approach. Hart chooses to remain loyal, and despite the fact that WWF\'s Raw Is War is losing the Monday Night Wars to its rival WCW Monday Nitro, he signs a twenty year deal with the WWF. McMahon soon retracts the deal, and encourages Hart to move on to WCW, citing financial reasons. This leaves him with no choice but to take WCW President Eric Bischoff\'s offer and prepare to leave the WWF. As the still-reigning WWF Champion, conflicts arise regarding his final match with the company, including Hart\'s unwillingness to drop the WWF Championship. To be more precise, Hart is not willing to lose the title to Shawn Michaels, with whom he holds a bitter, real-life rivalry, in his home country of Canada. This leads to one of the most infamous events in professional wrestling known as the Montreal Screwjob. This documentary is a rare look at professional wrestling behind the scenes. Examples include Hart discussing with The Undertaker and Pat Patterson how matches will proceed, Bret\'s wife, Julie, accusing Triple H of being in on the "screwjob", and the monstrous Vader discussing his recently acquired real estate license and future career plans. Wrestling with Shadows also gives a rare look at Hart\'s family life as well as the Hart House—childhood home to Bret Hart as well as the rest of his extensive, wrestling-oriented family. Hart\'s mother, Helen, describes how she hates wrestling and has been wishing the family would abandon it for decades. Hart describes the role that wrestling has played in his life while footage is shown of his father, Stu, legitimately applying submission holds on a student of his basement—a notorious training room known as the Dungeon. Hart\'s wife, Julie, is also interviewed about the toll wrestling has taken on their relationship and raising four children. Hart is shown discussing with both his father and his wife the choice to stay with the WWF or move to WCW. In one instance, his frustration at his kitchen table leads him to ask the director to stop filming. Other highlights of the documentary include interviews held in the Meadowlands parking lot where the director asks slightly intoxicated and incoherent wrestling fans their take on the ensuing America versus Canada feud, wherein one woman credits Bret Hart as her inspiration for going back to school for computer graphics. Another interviewee claims that Americans do not love their children when they cheer for heel wrestlers like Shawn Michaels and Steve Austin. Another wrestling fan even shares beliefs that a strong connection lies between corporate America and the Undertaker/Bret Hart storyline. His words detail how Americans have to operate through a "by any means necessary" philosophy.  {{See also}} The final act of the film sheds light on the events building up to Survivor Series \'97 in which Hart put his WWF title on the line against Shawn Michaels. Hart is seen entering a private discussion with McMahon on how his final match will play out, which is heard on film due to Hart wearing a wire. They seem to find common ground and agree to a no contest or "schmozz". This result would then allow Hart to make a farewell speech the following night on Raw and forfeit his WWF Championship. Hart begins the match believing that it will end as he and McMahon agreed upon; midway through the bout, Michaels had Hart in a sharp shooter  which Hart was in the process of escaping. However, McMahon comes to ringside and orders referee—and close friend of Hart—Earl Hebner to call for the ringside bell to be rung, signaling the end of the match. Hebner does so and declares Michaels the winner, stripping Hart of the title. An enraged Hart spits on McMahon while Hebner, fearing for his safety, flees the building. Hart spells out "WCW" with his fingers to the shocked and confused crowd and smashes numerous ringside television monitors before storming backstage to confront Michaels and McMahon. Michaels feigns ignorance. During a closed-door confrontation with McMahon, Hart punches him in the face; Hart\'s wife, believing that the incident was a conspiracy by the entire WWF roster, corners and confronts numerous wrestlers, most of whom appear bemused. A stunned, bruised McMahon staggers out of the building and Hart and his family leave. The film concludes with footage of Hart at home while on screen text details the immediate fallout of the screwjob.'] ["The film utilizes several techniques to create a biographical portrait of Jacques Derrida. These include interviews shot by the filmmakers, footage of Derrida's lectures and speaking engagements, and personal footage of Derrida at home with his friends and family. In several scenes, Ziering Kofman also reads excerpts from Derrida's work or otherwise describes aspects of his life. Derrida also focuses on Derrida's thesis that scholars tend to ignore important biographical information when discussing philosophers' lives.{{cite web}} {{Dead link}} In one scene, Derrida comments that he would be most interested in hearing about famous philosophers' sex lives because this topic is seldom addressed in their writings. The filmmakers respond to many of these criticisms by probing Derrida on various aspects of his own personal life, though he usually refuses to directly answer questions about himself. The film also follows Derrida during a trip to South Africa where he visits Nelson Mandela's former prison cell and discusses forgiveness with university students. Derrida states that his own childhood experiences with anti-Semitism have heightened his sensitivity to racial issues."] ['The film opens in medias res, with 22-year-old AIDS activist Pedro Zamora in his New York City hotel room in 1994, getting ready for an appearance on CBS. His contact calls him to ask why he has not arrived at the studio, but Zamora, disoriented, does not know who she is. Hotel security subsequently finds him lying unconscious on the floor. In flashback, 21-year-old Zamora is in Miami, Florida, where his family emigrated from Cuba. After making an audition tape for MTV\'s reality television series, The Real World: San Francisco, he is interviewed by producers. He tells him that if he is cast, he will not change his name to "Peter", nor hide his HIV status. He says that it does not matter if he dies of AIDS, as it is more important that he speak out about the disease. He is eventually cast, and meets his housemates when he moves into the house. As the housemates get to know one another, Judd Winick, who was informed by the producers that he would be living with someone with AIDS, is nervous about which of his housemates has it. Zamora tells the others about his HIV/AIDS status by showing them his scrap book as an AIDS educator. Housemate Rachel Campos, who is uncomfortable, feels it is Pedro\'s responsibility to ease her concerns, and that she is being made the villain. Housemate David "Puck" Rainey, meanwhile, makes derogatory jokes about Zamora and his homosexuality. Zamora spends time with Sean Sasser, and becomes friends with Pam and Judd, his roommates. Rainey alienates the rest of the cast with his behavior, and when Zamora threatens to move out if Rainey stays, the others evict Rainey. Zamora continues his work, speaking publicly despite protesters, though he continues to get sicker. Despite Winick\'s attempts to be reassuring, Zamora laments that he is only going to get worse. When one of the producers asks him if he wants to stop taping or be sent home, Zamora insists that he promise him that they continue filming until the end. In 1994, the unconscious Zamora is brought to St. Vincent\'s Hospital in New York. He is told that his sister, Mily, will be arriving to see him. When a staffperson asks him if he wishes her to remove the anklet his has on his left ankle, he refuses. In an interview, Mily Zamora calls her brother a "miracle", as her mother, who had already had several children, had had an operation to prevent further pregnancies prior to his conception. In flashback, the young Zamora is taken to a priest of Santería, who adorns him with flowers, and ties a chain to his ankle to keep him symbolically tied to Earth. Later the family is torn in half during the Mariel Boat Lift, because the four eldest children are of military age, and are not permitted to leave. They insist to their parents that they leave with Zamora, Mily, and younger brother Jesus. The family settles in Miami. Zamora\'s mother, Zoraida, grows close to her children, but the separation from her older children makes life difficult for her. When he is 13, his mother dies of cancer. Zamora does not openly grieve, but decides to become a doctor. By the time he is a young man, Mily is troubled by the secretive nature of the time he spends with his "friends". After rummaging through his belongings, and finding letters, she discovers that he is gay, leading to a confrontation. In 1994, Mily is at Saint Vincent\'s, and is told that her brother may have toxoplasmosis, a parasitic infection common to AIDS patients, but that it may be the more serious PML. Further tests must be conducted to make a determination. In flashback, Zamora is an outgoing teenager who easily finds suitors. He does not practice safe sex, because the only education he receives on AIDS presents it as something that afflicts only prostitutes and drug addicts. When he is 17, he volunteers to give blood at a high school blood drive, and discovers he has HIV. Mily is devastated when she finds out. He goes into denial, but months before he graduates high school, he comes down with shingles, and comes to the conclusion that he has no future. After educating himself, however, he decides to dedicate his life to becoming an AIDS educator, speaking at schools, and doing radio shows. In an interview, Zamora\'s boyfriend, Sean Sasser, talks about how he tested positive while at culinary college, and later met Zamora at a gay and lesbian march in Washington, D.C. As they get to know one another, they feel a mutual attraction. Sasser tells Zamora that he should look him up if he ever visits San Francisco. When Zamora eventually does move to San Francisco six months later as part of The Real World, they begin to date, though Zamora is reluctant to be open about his sexuality in public, having been subject to homophobia in Miami. Nonetheless, the two fall in love, and Sasser asks Zamora if he will stay in the city after filming ends. The two exchange wedding vows in a ceremony in the Real World house. In 1994, Winick visits Zamora at Saint Vincent\'s, and tells him that Zamora\'s agent asked him if he would substitute at his lecture. Winick suggests postponing the lecture, but Zamora insists that he stand in. After Zamora undergoes a brain biopsy, Mily expresses enthusiasm that he will appear on TV, but he tells her that he will not be making any more appearances. He is transferred to a Miami hospital, where his loved ones are told that he has PML, and that he does not have much time left. Sasser insists that they try all available treatments, including an experimental one that would likely be painful. Zamora\'s family oppose the treatment, and wish to take him home. Zamora also decides against the treatment, and asks to be taken home, where his family try to bar Sasser from seeing him. As his condition deteriorates, and his story makes the news, he confronts his sister over his family\'s exclusion of Sasser. After they view a videotape of the wedding ceremony, they have a change of heart, and welcome Sasser back into the fold. Zamora gets a phone call from President Bill Clinton, who thanks him for his work, and who facilitates the reunion of his older brothers and sisters, who have been allowed to leave Cuba to join the family in Miami. As the family is now reunited, the bedridden Zamora sees a vision of his mother at his bedside. He passes away on November 11, 1994. Footage of Pedro Zamora and Sean Sasser\'s real-life commitment ceremony from The Real World is shown, over which title cards describe what happened to the others in the story.'] ['The documentary covers singer-songwriters whose songs are more traditional to early folk and country music instead of following in the tradition of the previous generation. Some of film\'s featured performers are Guy Clark, Townes Van Zandt, Steve Earle, David Allan Coe, Rodney Crowell, Gamble Rogers, Steve Young, and The Charlie Daniels Band. The movie features the first known recordings of Grammy award winners Steve Earle and Rodney Crowell who were quite young at the time and appear to be students of mentor Guy Clark. Steve Earle was also a big fan of Van Zandt at the time. The beginning of the movie shows Larry Jon Wilson in a recording studio shortly after he had been woken up for the movie after having been partying all night after a gig into the morning. The film maker goes to Austin and visits Townes Van Zandt at his trailer  and his girlfriend Cindy, his dog Geraldine, Rex "Wrecks" Bell, and Uncle Seymour Washington  at his place, who is also called "The Walking Blacksmith", and who gives his great worldly advice to the viewers and represents a very important aspect of the atmosphere that these songwriters living in the South are surrounded by and involved in. The movie shows Charlie Daniels completely fill a big high school gymnasium. Then the camera man, sound recorder and director join David Allan Coe and film him playing a gig at the Tennessee State Prison where he admits to being a former inmate and tells a story of being there and seems to bring out friends of his onto the stage who still are inmates there and they perform a gospel number "Thank You Jesus" that they used to sing in the yard. The end of the movie shows a drinking party that starts Christmas Eve and ends sometime Christmas Day at Guy Clark\'s house in Nashville with Guy, Susanna Clark, Steve Young, Rodney Crowell, Steve Earle, Jim McGuire , along with several other guests. Steve Young leads the group in a rendition of Hank Williams\' song "I\'m So Lonesome I Could Cry" and Rodney Crowell leads everyone in "Silent Night".'] ['The story begins in 1902 in Baltimore, Maryland, where a young Babe Ruth, troubled and not-so disciplined, is sent to the St. Mary\'s Industrial School for Boys, a reformatory and orphanage. Ruth is sent by his father, George Herman Ruth Sr. , who cannot handle raising the boy. At the school, Ruth was schooled by Catholic missionaries and was made fun of by other children, because of his large size. Brother Matthias Boutlier , the Head of Discipline at St. Mary\'s, first introduced Ruth to the game of baseball. During a session of batting practice, Ruth hit several towering home runs off of Matthias, who was pitching. Brother Matthias and others were stunned by Ruth\'s amazing power to drive the ball. The film then flashes forward to 1914. A 19-year old Ruth  is on St. Mary\'s baseball team. Ruth continues to excel as a powerful hitter and a great pitcher. Ruth\'s amazing skills come to the attention of Jack Dunn . Since Ruth is underage, Dunn decides to adopt Ruth and sign him to a contract with the Baltimore Orioles. In the middle of the 1914 baseball season, Ruth is sold to the Boston Red Sox. As a member of the Red Sox, Ruth begins to gain wide attention for his home runs and becomes popular in Boston. However, he angers Red Sox owner Harry Frazee during a party, and following the 1919 season, Ruth demands a raise, and a suite for road games, so Frazee sells him to the New York Yankees to finance his Broadway shows, which had cost him money . Ruth becomes very popular in New York, as he helps the Yankees win the World Series in 1923. Also, in one game, he hits two home runs for a little boy named Johnny Sylvester, whom he had recently visited in hospital. However, two years later, after divorcing his first wife, Helen Woodfood , Ruth starts to go into a slump, while teammate Lou Gehrig  becomes known as the "Iron Horse". After getting pelted with lemons during a game, he gets angry and storms onto the dugout, yelling at the crowd, who continue to pound him with lemons. However, in 1927, Ruth returns to his old self and hits 60 home runs, breaking his old record of 59 home runs. In 1932, during the World Series against the Cubs, in Game 3, Ruth, during an at-bat, points to center field and hits a towering home run, "calling his shot". By 1934, Babe is well on the decline. He wants to pursue his post-career ambition of managing a baseball team, but Yankees owner Colonel Jacob Ruppert has other intentions, releasing the Babe instead. Under the promise of becoming a manager, Babe signs with the Boston Braves, but his presence on the team is more comedic than anything else. Before a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates, Babe overhears the Boston owners saying he\'s only good for drawing a gate. He responds by blasting three home runs in the game. The film ends with Ruth broken, trudging alone through the entrance tunnel. He is confronted by a man; it is Johnny , now grown up. The Babe is still his hero, as they part he calls after him "You\'re the best... you\'re the best there\'s ever been".'] ['The first third of the film is told from the main character\'s, Bauby , or Jean-Do as his friends call him, first person perspective. The film opens as Bauby wakes from his three-week coma in a hospital in Berck-sur-Mer, France. After an initial rather over-optimistic analysis from one doctor, a neurologist explains that he has locked-in syndrome, an extremely rare condition in which the patient is almost completely physically paralyzed, but remains mentally normal. At first, the viewer primarily hears Bauby\'s "thoughts" , which are inaccessible to the other characters . A speech therapist and physical therapist try to help Bauby become as functional as possible. Bauby cannot speak, but he develops a system of communication with his speech and language therapist by blinking his left eye as she reads a list of letters to laboriously spell out his messages, letter by letter. Gradually, the film\'s restricted point of view broadens out, and the viewer begins to see Bauby from \'outside\', in addition to experiencing incidents from his past, including a visit to Lourdes. He also fantasizes, imagining beaches, mountains, the Empress Eugénie, and an erotic feast with one of his transcriptionists. It is revealed that Bauby had been editor of the popular French fashion magazine Elle, and that he had a deal to write a book . He decides that he will still write a book, using his slow and exhausting communication technique. A woman from a publishing house with which Bauby had the original book contract is brought in to take dictation. The new book explains what it is like to now be him, trapped in his body, which he sees as being within an old-fashioned deep-sea diving suit with a brass helmet, which in French is called a scaphandre, as in the original title. However, others around see his spirit, still alive, as a "Butterfly". The story of Bauby\'s writing is juxtaposed with his recollections and regrets until his stroke. We see the mother of his three children , his children, his mistress, his friends, and his father. He encounters people from his past whose lives bear similarities to his own "entrapment": a friend who was kidnapped in Beirut and held in solitary confinement for four years, and his own 92-year-old father, who is confined to his own apartment, because he is too frail to descend four flights of stairs. Bauby eventually completes his memoir and hears the critics\' responses. However, he dies of pneumonia two days after its publication. The closing credits are accentuated by reversed shootings of breaking glacier ice, accompanied by the Joe Strummer & the Mescaleros song Ramshackle Day Parade.'] ["In May 1536, immediately following the execution of his second wife, Anne Boleyn , King Henry VIII  marries Jane Seymour , who dies in childbirth eighteen months later. He then weds a German princess, Anne of Cleves . This marriage ends in divorce when Anne deliberately makes herself unattractive so she can be free to marry her sweetheart. . After this divorce, Henry marries the beautiful and ambitious Lady Katherine Howard . She has rejected love all her life in favour of ambition, but after her marriage, she falls in love with Henry's handsome courtier Thomas Culpeper . Their liaison is discovered by Henry's advisers and the couple are executed. The weak and aging Henry consoles himself with a final marriage to Catherine Parr , who survives her husband."] ["As he is about to die, Porter's life flashes before him in the form of a musical production staged by the archangel Gabriel in the Indiana theater where the composer first performed on stage. From the start, Linda is aware of Cole's gay feelings, but her love for and devotion to him are strong enough for her to overlook his romantic flings outside their marriage. After a while, she can no longer ignore the innuendos in his songs and their relationship grows strained. Cole is photographed in an amorous embrace with another man in the rest room of a gay nightclub, and both he and Linda are blackmailed into paying a heavy settlement to suppress publication of the pictures. When he shrugs off the blackmail, she finally goes to Paris, leaving him bereft. Not until he is injured in a horseback riding accident that seriously cripples him does she return to his side, willing to forgive but still finding it difficult to cope with his extramarital affairs. Eventually she is diagnosed with emphysema, and as she prepares herself and her husband for her impending death, she attempts to forge a relationship between him and her interior decorator so he'll have a companion following her death, which deeply affects him. The eventual amputation of his right leg adds to his deep depression, affecting his creative output. Porter becomes increasingly reclusive, as well as becoming more dependent on alcohol.{{cite news}}"] ['Raquela, a Filipino transsexual prostitute dreams of making a new life in Paris. She becomes an internet porn star and meets Valerie, an Icelandic transsexual, and Michael, the owner of the website she works for.{{cite web}}'] ['Set in war-torn Congo and post-conflict Liberia, Living in Emergency interweaves the stories of four doctors as they struggle to provide emergency medical care in extreme conditions. Two of the doctors are new recruits: a 26 year-old Australian stranded in a remote bush clinic and an American surgeon struggling to cope under the load of emergency cases in a shattered capital city. Two others are experienced field hands: a dynamic Head of Mission, valiantly trying to keep morale high and tensions under control, and an exhausted veteran, who has seen too much horror and wants out. Amidst the chaos, each volunteer must confront the severe challenges of the work, the tough choices, and the limits of their idealism.'] ["John Wayne Gacy  seemed to be a model citizen. He even volunteered as a clown for the children at the local hospital, but he kept a gruesome secret. A trail of missing young men led to Gacy's suburban home. The nation watched in horror as, one by one, the details of over 30 murders came to light and most of the victims, entombed in the crawl space underneath his house, were unearthed. John Wayne Gacy had been one of the most famous killers in the whole country."] ['O Sertão das Memórias is a black-and-white film that tells the story of two Sertanejos, the inhabitants of Sertão. Maria is the female reincarnation of Jesus, representing the strength of the Sartanejo women. She invites the Beatas  on a mission of prayer for which they journey through the countryside, witnessing social unrest among the population. Maria meets the hero of the peasants, the strong worker Antero whose history intermingles with hers. Through mythical dreams, visions, and stories heard along their journey, we witness the unfolding of Biblical prophecy in which Old Testament texts mingle with the folktales of the Sertão. The film aims to show how people try to find strength in myths, art, and religion when faced with the harsh realities of life.'] ["In 1971 in Alexandria, Virginia, at the desegregated T. C. Williams High School, African American head coach Herman Boone  is hired to lead the school's football team. Coach Boone takes the coaching position from current head coach Bill Yoast , who has been nominated for the Virginia High School Hall of Fame, and who also later decides to move on to other coaching opportunities. In a show of respect and in an attempt to ease racial tension, Boone offers an assistant coaching position to Yoast. Yoast at first refuses Boone's offer, but is then tempted to join after the white players pledge to boycott the team if he doesn't participate. Dismayed at the prospect of the students losing their chances at scholarships, Yoast changes his mind and takes up the position of defensive coordinator. The black and white athletes of the football team frequently clash in racially motivated conflicts at their football camp, including those between captain Gerry Bertier  and Julius Campbell . However, after forceful coaxing and rigorous athletic training by Boone, and partly because of white Offensive Lineman Louie Lastik , the team achieves both racial harmony and triumph. In one scene, Coach Boone wakes the team up around 3:00 AM and takes them to a cemetery where the Battle of Gettysburg was fought and delivers a speech about hatred. After returning from football camp, Boone is told by a member of the school board that if he loses even a single game, he will be fired. Subsequently, the Titans go through the season undefeated while battling racial prejudice, before slowly gaining support from the community. Just before the state semi-finals, Yoast is told by a member of the school board that he will be inducted into the Hall of Fame after the Titans lose their game, implying that the game has been fixed to ensure Boone gets fired over his race. During the game, when it becomes apparent that the referees are engaging in biased officiating against the Titans, after seeing his daughter upset at the horrible calls, Yoast warns the head official that he will go to the press and expose the scandal unless the game is called fairly. The referees yield and the Titans ultimately win the game, but Yoast is told afterward that his actions have resulted in his loss of candidacy for the Hall of Fame. Later, while celebrating after the victorious game, Bertier is paralyzed in a car accident, when he is hit by a truck while accelerating into an intersection. Despite the fact that Bertier is no longer able to play, the team goes on to win the championship. Ten years later, the coaches and athletes from the team reunite to attend Bertier's funeral, as Sheryl reiterates the message of racial equality taught by the Titans. The epilogue reveals what many of the Titans are doing, ranging from getting married to going to college."] ['General Ibn  Yusuf  of the Almoravid dynasty has summoned all the Emirs of Al-Andalus to North Africa and chastises them for their complacency in dealing with the infidels and reveals his plan for Islamic world domination. Later, while en route to his future bride Doña Jimena , Don Rodrigo  becomes involved in a battle against a Moorish army. Two of the Emirs, Al-Mu\'tamin  of Zaragosa and Al-Kadir  of Valencia, are captured, but Rodrigo releases them on condition that they never again attack King Ferdinand of Castile . The Emirs proclaim him ‘El Cid’  and swear allegiance to him. For this act he is accused of treason against the King by Jimena\'s father, Count Gormaz . Rodrigo\'s proud father, Don Diego , challenges Gormaz, and when Gormaz refuses to take back the challenge or the accusation of treason, Rodrigo kills him in a duel. Jimena swears revenge upon her father\'s murderer. Rodrigo then takes up the mantle of the King\'s champion in single combat for control of the city of Calahorra, which he wins. Rodrigo is then sent upon a mission to collect tribute from Moorish vassals of the Castillian crown, but Jimena, in league with Count Ordóñez , has plotted to have Rodrigo killed. El Cid and his men are ambushed but are saved by Al-Mu\'tamin, to whom he had previously showed clemency. Returning home, his reward is the hand of Jimena in marriage. But the marriage is not consummated and she removes herself to a convent. King Ferdinand dies, and his eldest son, Prince Sancho , becomes king. The younger son, Prince Alfonso ([[John Fraser , also desires the throne; his sister, Princess Urraca  secretly has Sancho assassinated. At Alfonso\'s coronation, El Cid has him swear upon the Bible that he had no part in the death of his brother. Since he had no part in it as his sister was responsible, he swears so, but has Rodrigo banished for his impudence. Jimena\'s love for El Cid is rekindled and she chooses banishment with him. Rodrigo is later called into service of the king once again, to protect Castille from Yusuf\'s North African army. He allies himself with the other Emirs who fear Ben Yusuf and at Valencia, Rodrigo relieves the city of the wicked Emir Al-Kadir, who had betrayed him. The Emir Al-Mu\'tamin and the Valencians offer the crown to ‘The Cid’, but he refuses it and sends the crown to King Alfonso. Rodrigo then repels the invading army of Ben Yusuf, but is wounded in battle by an arrow before the final victory. If the arrow is removed, there is a chance that he will live, but he will not be able to lead his army. El Cid obtains a promise from Jimena to not remove it, knowing that this will kill him. He intends to ride out, even if dead. King Alfonso comes to his bedside and asks for his forgiveness. The morning after El Cid dies, his body is secured upon his horse and sent out at the head of his army with King Alfonso and Emir Al-Mu\'tamin on either side of his horse. When Yusuf\'s army see him with his eyes still open, they believe that El Cid\'s ghost has come back from the dead. Babieca, his horse, tramples on and kills Ben Yusuf, who is too terrified to fight. The invading North African army is completely defeated. The film ends with King Alfonso leading Christians and Moors in a prayer "for the purest knight of all".'] ['Steve Prefontaine comes from Coos Bay, Oregon and emerges as one of the premiere distance runners in collegiate track and field. After enrolling at the University of Oregon in 1970, where Bill Bowerman and Bill Dellinger become his coaches, Prefontaine proceeds to win three national cross-country championships and four consecutive 5,000-meter runs, breaking the U.S. record in the latter. "Pre" gains fame as an aggressive runner who likes to be out front from the start, rather than biding his time until a strong finish. A bitter disappointment comes in the 1972 Munich Olympics, where after leading his event with only 150 meters to go, Prefontaine is passed in the stretch by three different runners and does not win a medal. Pre devotes himself to preparing for the 1976 Montreal Olympics following his college career, but on May 30, 1975, his small car flips on a road not far from campus and Prefontaine, only 24 years old, is killed.'] ['The documentary starts with Steinbauer\'s obsession with a widely circulated viral video featuring outtakes from an RV commercial shoot, centered around a cantankerous pitchman who regularly becomes outraged and flustered, cursing in colorful mannerisms. Steinbauer researches the video, and discovers that it had been circulating on VHS long before it appeared on the Internet. With the help of a private detective, Steinbauer ultimately tracks down the infamous "Winnebago Man": Jack Rebney. Steinbauer visits Rebney at his home in a remote mountain area in California. Steinbauer is surprised to find Rebney to be calm, congenial, and articulate — in contrast to the angry, profane man on the famous video. Rebney claims to be indifferent about the video and its popularity on the Internet. Steinbauer returns home disappointed. But soon, Rebney begins contacting Steinbauer, and admits that he had not been candid in their first encounter. He reveals that he has long been angry about the video and its notoriety because he does not want to be remembered that way. Steinbauer learns that Rebney was once a news broadcaster who left the industry embittered by the decline in real news and the rise of opinion-based news and punditry; additionally, Rebney reveals that he now has strong political opinions that he wants to share. Rebney invites Steinbauer for a second visit, but before this takes place, local papers report that Rebney had gone missing for a time while taking a walk. When Steinbauer makes his second visit to Rebney\'s home, a now openly cantankerous Rebney explains that he is now blind. Rebney gives a series of often profane, but articulate, interviews to Steinbauer. He refuses to discuss personal matters, but instead wants to make political speeches about subjects that make him angry, such as Dick Cheney and Walmart. Eventually, Steinbauer convinces Rebney to attend the Found Footage Festival in San Francisco. There, fans have lined up for a sold-out screening of the original video featuring Rebney. The fans describe Rebney\'s positive impact on them. During the screening, the Festival organizers invite Rebney onstage as a special guest, where he wittily engages the audience. After the screening, Rebney meets several fans who request autographs and express to him how viewing the old footage cheers them up after a hard day. Later that night, Rebney muses to an old friend that his fans are more intelligent than he anticipated. The next day, the filmmakers and Rebney\'s friend drive him back home. There, Rebney\'s friend tells him, "You made a lot of people happy this weekend." Rebney replies by acknowledging that he takes some small degree of pride in how, for many people, he represents the human condition in the face of adversity.'] ['  Filmmakers James Hanlon and the Naudet brothers were originally filming Tony Benetatos, a probationary firefighter of the New York City Fire Department assigned to the Engine 7/Ladder 1/Battalion 1 Firehouse on Duane Street in Lower Manhattan with the intention of making a film about the "probie\'s" first experience as a firefighter. On the morning of September 11, the firehouse, under the direction of Battalion Chief Joseph Pfeifer, was called out on a reported "odor of gas" at Church and Lispenard Streets. Jules rode with the Chief Pfeifer, to check it out, while Gedeon stayed behind at the firehouse with the "probie". When American Airlines Flight 11 flew by overhead, Jules turned the camera to follow the plane and taped one of only three known recordings of the first plane hitting the North Tower  of the World Trade Center, the others being a video shot by Pavel Hlava and a sequence of still frames taken by Wolfgang Staehle. The firefighters and their companies in the 1st Battalion, under the direction of Chief Pfeifer who were investigating the gas leak were the first responders on the scene and Jules was allowed to follow the chief during the attempted rescue operation. Jules, Chief Pfeifer and several other FDNY Chiefs were inside the lobby of Tower 1 when Tower 2 is hit by the second aircraft and when Tower 2 eventually collapsed . The film gives various firemen\'s accounts of the events of the remainder of the day, from the initial crash to the building\'s collapse to the attempts to rescue survivors from the rubble, as well as the aftermath of the events, and those who were lost, including Chief Pfeifer\'s brother, Engine 33 Lieutenant Kevin Pfeifer.'] ["The drama tells the story of Lennon's ([[Aaron Johnson  teenage years from 1955–1960 and the start of his journey to becoming a successful musician. The story also examines the impact on his early life and personality of the two dominant females in his childhood – his Aunt Mimi , and his mother, Julia .<ref namehttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/entertainment/7587671.stm|title29 August 2008|publisher5 March 2009}} In addition, the film shows the first meeting of Lennon with future Beatles Paul McCartney  and George Harrison , and the development of their friendship and musical partnership."] ['Mary Griffith  is a devout Christian who raises her children with the conservative teachings of the Presbyterian Church. However, when her son Bobby  confides to his older brother that he may be gay, life changes for the entire family after Mary learns about his secret. Bobby\'s father and siblings slowly come to terms with his homosexuality, but Mary believes that God can "cure" him. She takes him to a psychiatrist and persuades Bobby to pray harder and seek solace in Church activities in hopes of changing him. Desperate for his mother\'s approval, Bobby does what is asked of him, but through it all, the Church\'s disapproval of homosexuality and his mother\'s attempts to suppress his growing behaviors in public causes him to grow increasingly withdrawn and depressed. Stricken with guilt, Bobby moves away with his cousin, hoping that some day, his mother will accept him. He moves to Oregon, giving up on his hopes of defeating homosexuality. He finds a boyfriend, David ([[Scott Bailey , at a gay bar. However, Mary makes it clear that she still does not want her son to continue as he is. Despite meeting David\'s parents, who assure them that things will change, Bobby continues thinking of his mother\'s words, and also sees David with another man. Finally, Bobby\'s subsequent depression and self-loathing intensifies as he blames himself for not being the "perfect" son, and one night, he free falls off a freeway bridge into the path of an oncoming eighteen-wheeler truck, which kills him instantly. The family receives the horrible news the following day, and is devastated. Faced with their tragedy, Mary begins to question herself and her Church\'s interpretation of the Scripture. Through her long and emotional journey, Mary slowly reaches out to the gay community and discovers unexpected support from a very unlikely source. She becomes acquainted with a local gay reverend, who convinces her to attend a meeting of Parents, Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays . It is there that she realizes that she knew Bobby was different from conception and that his true value was in his heart. {{cquote}} She becomes an advocate for gay rights and eventually gives a speech in a town council meeting in support of a local "gay day". She urges people to think before they say, voice, or support homophobia because "a child is listening". The measure is rejected, but she and her family travel to San Francisco with fellow PFLAG members and walk in a gay pride parade, during which she sees another young man just like Bobby observing the parade. She walks over and hugs him, finally coming to terms with her son\'s death and vowing to work hard for the rights of gays and lesbians.<ref namehttp://www.mylifetime.com/on-tv/movies/prayers-bobby |titleMyLifetime.com |accessdate = 2009-01-10 }}'] ["Situated in the early 1980s, the plot focuses on Cindy Fralick, a parking enforcement officer who is uninspired by her job. One day, she witnesses the injuries of an accident and she decides she wants to help people. She considers applying at the fire department, but feels discouraged because there are no female firefighters in Los Angeles. She passes the writing exams, but the people at the oral exams has no trust that she will ever be strong enough for the physical tests. When her husband suddenly files for divorce, she at first changes her mind about her career ambitions, until her best friend Sharon encourages her not to give up. The fire department staff doesn't take her training seriously, but she proves to be one of the best during physical tests. Cindy soon becomes the talk of the town, earning the respect of all her co-trainees. After the training, she becomes the first woman since sixty years to pass the tests. She enters the academy, but is required to cut her hair short. She is treated horribly and she considers dropping out. Her chief encourages her to allow herself to get used to the military treatment, assuring her it will only take nine weeks. After finally becoming an official firefighter, she gets a lot of media attention. This upsets her, as she just wanted a job, not desiring to be anyone's hero. Her colleagues are initially annoyed by her, because they feel they can't be themselves in the presence of a woman. However, she is soon one of the guys and wins the heart from fellow firefighter Mike. On her first real job, she wins the respect of her bosses by not showing any fear of the fire. She starts going out with Mike, but he soon irritates her. She thinks it's because he isn't romantic enough, but Sharon feels that it's to soon for her to be involved with someone since the divorce. Meanwhile, she decides to change to a paramedic, but still has to deal with the prejudice. In the end, she is the one who saves a heroin addict who overdoses. She decides not to end her relationship with Mike."] [" Based on the non-fiction book by Peter Maas, the film covers twelve years  in the life of Frank Serpico, a NYPD officer who wants to do the best he can as a policeman. Working as a uniformed patrolman, Serpico succeeds in every assignment. He moves on to plainclothes assignments, where he slowly discovers a hidden world of illicit activities among his own colleagues. After witnessing cops doing drugs, committing violence, taking paybacks and other forms of police corruption, Serpico decides to expose what he's seen, but he is harassed and threatened. The struggle leads to infighting within the police force, problems in his personal relationships, and life-threatening situations. Finally, after being shot in the face during a drug bust on February 3, 1971, he testifies before the Knapp Commission, which was a government inquiry into police corruption between 1970 and 1972."] ['In 1956 Schenectady, New York, waitress Shirley Roque  marries auto mechanic Jack Muldowney  over the mild objections of her singer father Tex , who wants her to be able to take care of herself, rather than having to rely on a husband. Jack buys a gas station, Shirley becomes a housewife, and they have a son. For fun, Jack races his sportscar against others on deserted stretches of road late at night. One time, Shirley talks him into letting her drive. She wins and continues winning. A chance encounter with professional driver "Big Daddy" Don Garlits  gives her the idea to look for sponsorship from one of the major car manufacturers, despite her husband\'s skepticism. This being the 1950s, a pretty housewife is not taken seriously, especially since there are no women pro drivers at all. But when she returns home, Jack tells her that he can build her a dragster. In 1966, she is ready. She still needs to get three signatures before she can get her National Hot Rod Association  license, nearly impossible in the macho racing world. Finally, Garlits  signs, followed by funny car driver Connie Kalitta , who has his own reasons; Connie talks a reluctant third driver into going along. In her first attempt to qualify for a race, she sets a track record. Later, during a dinner with their respective spouses, Connie gets her alone, makes a pass at her, and gets slapped in the face. Shirley becomes successful, racing on weekends, but when Connie decides to move up to Top Fuel dragsters, she wants to buy his funny car and compete year round. This is the last straw for her husband, who just wants his wife back, and they separate. Connie and Shirley become involved, despite his continual philandering. In a 1973 race, her funny car is destroyed and she herself is seriously burned. When Connie is suspended indefinitely by the NHRA for fighting on her behalf, she tells him that she is going to Top Fuel. He becomes her crew chief. She wins her first NHRA national event in 1976, then the World Championship in 1977. Finally, tired of Connie\'s womanizing, she drops him from her team. Angry, he gets himself reinstated by the NHRA. Shirley, with little sponsorship and an inexperienced crew, has two lean years, but rebounds in 1980. She races against Kalitta in that year\'s NHRA championship final. The film ends with her victory and their reconciliation, and her ex-husband  giving her a private cheer.'] ['Based on the book Disco Bloodbath, by James St. James, the film opens with Michael Alig as a small-town outcast who lived with his mom before moving to New York. Michael learns the New York party scene from James St. James, who teaches him the "rules of fabulousness", which mostly revolve around attracting as much attention to oneself as possible. Despite James\' warning, Alig hosts a party at Limelight, a local club which is owned by Peter Gatien, and soon becomes the hottest club in New York, with Alig at the head. Alig is named "King of the Club Kids" and goes on a cross country journey in search of more club kids. Alig and James pick up Angel Melendez, Gitsie, and Brooke. Soon after meeting, Gitsie becomes Alig\'s new girlfriend. However, after Michael descends further into drug abuse, his life starts to spiral out of control, eventually culminating in his involvement in the murder of Angel. Gitsie and Michael decide to go to rehab and treat it as a "Second Honeymoon", leaving James behind. James then begins to write his "Great American Novel" published as Disco Bloodbath and later as Party Monster.'] ['The film opens with the creation of the 1984 commercial for Apple Computer, which introduced the first Macintosh.Apple\'s 1984: The Introduction of the Macintosh in the Cultural History of Personal Computers. Duke University. Retrieved on 2011-10-07. Steve Jobs  is speaking with director Ridley Scott , trying to convey his idea that "We\'re creating a completely new consciousness." Scott, however, is more concerned at the moment with the technical aspects of the commercial. The film then flashes forward to 1997 as Jobs, who has returned to Apple, is announcing a new deal with Microsoft at the 1997 Macworld Expo. His partner, Steve Wozniak , is introduced as one of the two central narrators of the story. Wozniak notes to the audience the resemblance between "Big Brother" and the image of Bill Gates  on the screen behind Jobs during this announcement. Asking how they "got from there to here," the film turns to flashbacks of his youth with Jobs, prior to the forming of Apple. The first flashback of the film takes place on the U.C. Berkeley campus during the period of the early 1970s student movements. Jobs and Wozniak are shown caught on the campus during a riot between students and police. They flee and after finding safety, Jobs states to Wozniak, "Those guys think they\'re revolutionaries. They\'re not revolutionaries, we are." Wozniak then comments that "Steve was never like you or me. He always saw things differently. Even when I was in Berkeley, I would see something and just see kilobytes or circuit boards while he\'d see karma or the meaning of the universe." Using a similar structure, the film next turns to a young Bill Gates at Harvard University, in the early 1970s, with classmate Steve Ballmer , and Gates’ high school friend Paul Allen . As with Wozniak in the earlier segment, Ballmer narrates Gates\' story, particularly the moment when Gates discovers the existence of Ed Roberts\'  MITS Altair . Gates\' and Allen\'s early work with MITS is juxtaposed against the involvement of Jobs and Wozniak with the Homebrew Computer Club, eventually leading to the development of the Apple I in 1976 with the help of angel investor Mike Markkula . The story follows the protagonists as they develop their technology and their businesses. At a San Francisco computer fair where the Apple II computer is introduced, Gates , attempts to introduce himself to Jobs, who snubs him. This is followed by the development of the IBM-PC with the help of Gates and Microsoft in 1981. It also follows Jobs\' relationship with his high school girlfriend  and the difficulties he had acknowledging the birth and existence of their daughter, Lisa. Around the time his daughter was born, Jobs unveiled his next computer, which he named, The Lisa. The Lisa was then followed in 1984 by the Macintosh, a computer inspired by the Xerox Alto. The main body of the film finally concludes with a birthday toast in 1985 to Steve Jobs shortly before he was fired by CEO John Sculley  from Apple Computer. It also includes a brief epilogue, noting what happened afterward in the lives of Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak. The movie ends with Steve Jobs returning to Apple after its acquisition of NeXT Computer, and Bill Gates appearing live via satellite at a MacWorld Expo in 1997, during Jobs\' first Stevenote keynote address, to announce an alliance between Apple and Microsoft.'] ['The documentary follows four professional ten-pin bowlers after the Professional Bowlers Association is purchased by a trio of Microsoft programmers who hire Steve Miller, a Nike marketing guru, to revitalize the sport.'] ["High Roller is told in flashback. Ungar , in a motel room on the last night of his life, relates his life story to a stranger . He speaks of growing up as the son of a bookie, his career as a tournament gin player, moving into poker, his marriage and the birth of his daughter Stefanie, cocaine abuse, and the breakup of his marriage. The film climaxes with Ungar's third victory at the main event of the World Series of Poker a year before his passing. In the final scene, Ungar departs the motel room with the stranger ."] ['Andy Kaufman\'s  "foreign man" character appears in black-and-white, declaring that , this is actually the end of the film, not the beginning. He plays a phonograph record alongside the credits before walking off. Kaufman then comes back, and, in his normal voice, claiming he "had to get rid of the people who don\'t understand me, and don\'t want to try", he proceeds to show the story of his life on a film projector, starting with his childhood home in Great Neck, New York, circa 1957. Kaufman is a struggling performer whose act fails in nightclubs because, while the audience wants comedy, he sings children\'s songs and refuses to tell conventional jokes. As the audience begins to believe that Kaufman may have no real talent, his peculiar "foreign man" puts on a rhinestone jacket and does a dead-on Elvis impersonation and song. The audience bursts into applause, realizing Kaufman had tricked them. He catches the eye of talent agent George Shapiro , who signs Kaufman as a client and immediately lands him a network TV series, Taxi, much to the dismay of sitcom-hating Kaufman. Because of the money, visibility, and promise that he can do his own television special, Kaufman accepts the role on Taxi, turning his foreign man into a mechanic named Latka Gravas. He secretly hates doing the show, however, and exasperates co-stars with his behavior. Invited to catch a different act at a nightclub, Shapiro witnesses a performance from a rude, loud-mouthed lounge singer, Tony Clifton, whom Andy wants to guest-star on Taxi. Clifton\'s bad attitude is matched by his horrible appearance and demeanor. But backstage, when he meets Shapiro in person, Clifton takes off his sunglasses and we see that he is actually Kaufman. Clifton is a “villain character” created by Kaufman and his creative partner, Bob Zmuda . Once again, the gag is on the audience. Kaufman\'s fame increases with his Saturday Night Live appearances, but has problems with his newfound fame. When he travels to college campuses, audiences dislike his strange sense of humor and simply want to see his more famous TV characters, so he deliberately antagonizes them by reading The Great Gatsby aloud from start to finish. Kaufman shows up on the Taxi set as Clifton and proceeds to cause chaos until he is removed from the studio lot. He relates to Shapiro that he never knows exactly how to entertain an audience “short of faking my own death or setting the theater on fire”. Kaufman decides to become a professional wrestler—but to emphasize the “villain” angle, he would wrestle only women  and then berate them after winning, declaring himself "Inter-Gender Wrestling Champion". He becomes smitten with one woman he wrestles, Lynne Margulies , and they begin a romantic relationship. Problems arise when an appearance on a live TV comedy show, ABC\'s Fridays, turns into a fiasco when Kaufman refuses to speak his lines. Also, the wrestling Kaufman enjoys getting a rise out of the crowds and feuds publicly with Jerry Lawler, a professional male wrestler, who challenges Kaufman to a "real" wrestling match, which Kaufman accepts. Lawler easily overpowers and seriously injures Kaufman, resulting in the comedian wearing a neck brace. Lawler and an injured Kaufman appear on NBC\'s Late Night with David Letterman, theoretically to call a truce, but Lawler insults Kaufman, who throws a drink at the wrestler and spews a vicious tirade of epithets. It is revealed that Kaufman and Lawler were in fact good friends. Andy pays a price when he is banned from Saturday Night Live by a vote of audience members, weary of his wrestling antics. Shapiro calls to inform him that Taxi had been canceled. After performing his television special, Kaufman calls together Lynne, Zmuda and Shapiro to disclose that he has been diagnosed with a rare form of lung cancer and may die soon. They aren\'t sure whether to believe this, thinking it could be yet another Kaufman stunt, with Zmuda actually believing a fake death would be a fantastic prank. With a short time to live, Kaufman gets a booking at Carnegie Hall, his dream venue. The performance is a memorable success, culminating with Kaufman inviting the entire audience out for milk and cookies. His health deteriorates. Desperate, he heads to the Philippines to seek a medical “miracle” , where doctors supposedly pull out infected organs from the body; he discovers the scam and laughs at the irony. He dies soon after. Friends and loved ones do a sing-along with a video of Andy at his funeral. One year later, in 1985, Tony Clifton appears at Andy Kaufman\'s tribute at The Comedy Store\'s main stage performing, "I Will Survive". The camera pans over the crowd and reveals Zmuda in the audience, hinting that Kaufman faked his own death as the ultimate "Kaufman stunt" and is indeed onstage as Clifton; a neon portrait of Kaufman is shown among other comedy legends. During the final credits, Kaufman briefly peeks in black-and-white again.'] ['The film details the hard-fought mayoral campaign by a young community activist  and City Council member against a 16-year incumbent mayor  with a powerful political machine. The documentary follows Booker and several of his campaign workers from their early days of door-knocking on Newark streets through the campaign\'s dramatic conclusion. Through the course of the film, Booker\'s living conditions, race, ethnicity, religion, sexuality, political affiliations, and his position in Newark are questioned. From 1998 to 2006, Booker lived in Brick Towers, one of the city\'s worst public housing buildings, which some accused to be a tactic for acceptance by his constituents. As the election campaigns escalate, Booker receives endorsements from Spike Lee, Cornel West, and other prominent African American figures. The movie brings to light many issues plaguing minority communities in Newark and reveals how the city government has failed to acknowledge these issues. The film also raises questions of race, and what it means to be "black," as Sharpe James questions Booker\'s African American heritage and roots to his community. Curry captures on film corrupt attempts by Mayor Sharpe James and city employees, including police and "code enforcement," to sabotage Booker\'s campaign, using tactics that include shutting down local businesses that hold Booker fundraisers, demoting city workers who support Booker, and demolishing Booker signs in violation of a standing order by a federal judge, in what becomes a true urban political "street fight." In one memorable scene, city police assault the documentary maker on a public sidewalk for filming the mayor, breaking the microphone off his camera in broad daylight in front of other journalists.'] ['The film begins with Ron Kovic\'s childhood during a summer in Massapequa, New York. He plays war in the woods, attends a Fourth of July parade, plays and wins at a local neighborhood baseball game, and watches President John F. Kennedy\'s inaugural address, which later inspires him to enlist in the Marines. After Ron Kovic and his classmates hear an impassioned lecture about the Marine Corps, Ron decides to enlist. He misses his prom because he is unable to secure a date with his love interest, Donna. He confronts her at the prom and has a dance with her on his last night before leaving. The film then moves to Kovic\'s second Vietnam tour in October 1967. Now a Marine sergeant and on patrol, his unit massacres a village of Vietnamese citizens, believing them to be enemy combatants. During the retreat, Kovic becomes disoriented and accidentally shoots one of the new arrivals to his platoon, a younger Marine private first class, named Wilson. Despite the frantic efforts of the Navy Corpsmen present who try to save him, Wilson later dies from his wounds, leaving a deep impression on Kovic. Overwhelmed by guilt, Kovic appeals to his executive officer , who merely tells him to forget the incident. The meeting has a negative effect on Ron, who is crushed at being brushed off by his XO. The platoon goes out on another hazardous patrol in January 1968. During a firefight, Kovic is critically wounded and trapped in a field facing sure death, until a fellow Marine rescues him. Paralyzed from the mid-chest down, he spends several months recovering at the Bronx Veterans Administration hospital. The hospital living conditions are deplorable: rats crawl freely on the floors, the staff is generally apathetic to their patients\' needs, doctors visit the patients infrequently, drug use is rampant , and equipment is too old and ill-maintained to be useful. He desperately tries to walk again with the use of crutches and braces, despite repeated warnings from his doctors. However, he soon suffers a bad fall that causes a compound fracture of his thighbone. The injury nearly robs him of his leg, and he vehemently argues with the doctors who briefly consider resorting to amputation. Ron returns home, permanently in a wheelchair, with his leg intact. From the start, he notices how all his family and friends treat him differently now that he is paralyzed. He begins to alienate his family and friends, complaining about students staging anti-war rallies across the country and burning the American flag. Though he tries to maintain his dignity as a Marine, Ron gradually becomes disillusioned, feeling the effects of his paralysis on his life, and realizes that all the things he was taught from birth, like honor, patriotism, and courage, were illusions which he would give up any day to get his legs back. In Ron\'s absence, his younger brother Tommy has already become staunchly anti-war, remarking to Ron directly in his face what the war had done to him, leading to a rift between them. His highly religious mother also seems unable to deal with Ron\'s new attitude as a resentful, paralyzed veteran. His problems are as much psychological as they are physical and he quickly becomes alcoholic and belligerent. During an Independence Day parade, he shows signs of post-traumatic stress when firecrackers explode and when a baby in the crowd starts crying. He reunites with his old high school friend, Timmy Burns, who is also a wounded veteran, and the two spend Ron\'s birthday sharing war stories. Later, Ron goes to visit Donna at her college in Syracuse, New York. The two reminisce and she asks him to attend a vigil for the victims of the Kent State shootings. However, he cannot do so, because his chair prevents him from getting very far on campus because of curbs and stairways. He and Donna are separated after she and her fellow students are captured and taken away by the police at her college for demonstrating a protest against the Vietnam War. After returning home drunk one night after having a barroom confrontation with a World War II veteran who expresses no sympathy to Ron, Ron\'s disillusionment grows severe enough that he has an intense fight with his mother, yelling at her that there was no God, and that they murdered civilians in Vietnam in disregard of Christian morals. Ron travels to a small town in Mexico  that seems to be a haven for paralyzed Vietnam veterans. He has his first sexual experience with a prostitute he believes he\'s in love with. Ron wants to ask her to marry him but when he sees her with another customer, the realization of real love versus a mere physical sexual experience sets in, and he decides against it. Hooking up with another wheelchair-using veteran, Charlie, who is furious over a prostitute\'s mocking his lack of sexual function due to his paralysis, the two travel to what they believe will be a friendlier village. After annoying their taxicab driver, they end up stranded on the side of the road. They quarrel and fight about what each of them had really done in Vietnam, knocking each other out of their wheelchairs. Eventually, they are picked up by a man with a truck and eventually driven back to the "Village of the Sun". On his way back to Long Island, Ron makes a side trek to Georgia to visit the parents and family of Wilson, the Marine he accidentally killed during his tour. He tells them the real story about how their son died and confesses his guilt to them. Wilson\'s widow, now the mother of the deceased Marine\'s toddler son, admits that she cannot find it in her heart to forgive him for killing her husband, but adds that maybe God can. Wilson\'s parents, however, are more forgiving and even sympathetic to his predicament and suffering, because Wilson\'s father fought in the Pacific Theater during World War II and is disillusioned with the war in Vietnam. In spite of the mixed reactions he receives, the confession seems to lift a heavy weight from Ron\'s conscience. Ron joins Vietnam Veterans Against the War  and travels to the 1972 Republican National Convention in Miami. He and his compatriots force their way into the convention hall during Richard Nixon\'s acceptance speech and cause a commotion that makes it onto the national news. Ron himself tells a reporter about his negative experiences in Vietnam and the VA hospital conditions, that the Vietnam war is wrong, and tells him that the Vietnamese people are a proud people fighting against the US for their independence, fueling rage from the surrounding Nixon supporters. His interview is cut short when guards eject him and his fellow vets from the hall and attempt to turn them over to the police. They manage to break free from the police, regroup, and charge the hall again, though not so successfully this time. The film ends with Kovic\'s speaking at the 1976 Democratic National Convention, shortly after the publication of his autobiography, Born on the Fourth of July.'] ['Hadassah , a beautiful Jewish girl, lives with her cousin Mordecai  in Susa, the capital of Persia. After King Ahasuerus  deposed Queen Vashti  of her throne, because of her refusal to attend a feast and for ridiculing her guards. He decrees an order to choose a new queen. Hadassah changes her name to Esther, meaning "hidden". Guards go to the surrounding places of the castle and capture virgins. Mordecai attempt to hide Hadassah but she is captured by the guards. The guards allow her to say farewell to her kinsmen. Mordecai tells her not to tell anyone she is a Jew and introduce herself as Esther, he also tells her to forget her name but not to forget that she was a Jew. They are taken to the first harem, where they are placed under the custody of Hegai , he explains to them that they are to meet the king the next two days in the royal bed chamber and make love to him . Esther finds a girl crying and comforts her. Hegai moves them to the second harem. The next day, while everyone is busy preparing herself for the king, one of the girls tells Esther that when it is their time to go to the king they may ask for anything they want to take with them. Esther asks her servant, Miamuna ([[Natasha Williams , and asks how it feels to make love to a man and Miamuna replies that it depends on the man. That night, it is time for Esther to present herself to the king. The king asks her name ad unveils her. A rose falls. The king asks her if she picked it for the king and she answers no. The king then tells her she is different from the others and makes love to her. The next day Esther is crowned queen. That night, Mordecai hears a plot against the king and reports to Esther. Esther then exposes the plot and the men are sentenced to death. The next day, Haman  presents a gift to the king. Memucan , a trusted man of the king, tells him that his gifts will get him nowhere. Next day, Memucan dies and King Ahasuerus mourns for three days. Esther requests to be received but the king takes no heed. Haman comes and tells the king to govern but the king takes no heed again. Esther leaves and believes she has lost the king\'s favor. The king then appoints Haman as lord chamberlain. The next day, Esther calls Hegai to her chambers and asks him what she should do to win back the king\'s favor. Hegai answers that she must be patient. That night, Hamon\'s servants tell him that Mordecai does not respect him, this angers Haman. Haman then goes to the king and tells him a lie about the Jews. The king believes him and gives him his signet ring which gives Haman the right to decree a rule that even the king cannot hold back. Hamon decree to all provinces that they should annihilate all Jews. At hearing this decree, Mordecai dresses himself in sackcloth and mourns outside the palace gates. Miamuna informs Esther and Esther orders her servant, Hathach , to give Mordecai clothes. Mordecai refuses them. Esther orders Hathach to ask Mordecai what afflicts him. Mordecai gives the letter of decree to Esther and tells Esther to go before the king. Esther reads the letter and cries because it is forbidden to go before the king without being called. Miamuna reminds her that if the king hold out his golden scepter her life will be spared. Esther tells Mordecai to gather all the Jews and to fast for three days on her behalf. After three days, she dresses in her best gown and goes before the king. The king holds out his scepter and asks her her petition and request and promises her that it shall be granted. Esther asks Hamon and the king to go to a banquet she has prepared in her quarters. the king grante her request. At the banquet, the king asks Esther her petition and request. Esther promises the king that she will tell her petition and request if they go to the banquet tomorrow again. The next day at the banquet, the king asks the same question and she asks to spare her life and the lives of her people. The king asks her who would do such a thing. She exploits Haman. The king, enraged, goes to his garden. Haman asks Esther to spare his life. The king comes back and tells his guards to hang Haman and gets his signet ring. The king appoints Mordecai as his lord chamberlain. Mordecai then decrees that allow Jews to defend themselves. Esther asks the king to hold back the rule made by Haman. The king fulfuls her request. Esther then passes a law that the Jews will not be persecuted anymore. Some of the Jews go back to Jerusalem, led by Ezra .'] ['{{plot}} Fourteen-year-old Maria Antonia Josephina Joanna  is the beautiful, charming, and naïve youngest daughter of Austrian empress Maria Theresa . In 1768, she is selected by her mother to marry the Dauphin of France, Louis XVI , thereby sealing an alliance between the two rival countries. Marie Antoinette travels to France, relinquishing all connections with her home country, and meets Louis XV  and her future husband, the Dauphin. The two are married shortly thereafter. They are encouraged to produce an heir as soon as possible, but the next day it is reported that "nothing happened" on their wedding night. As time passes, Marie Antoinette begins to find life at the court of Versailles stifling. Her husband\'s courtiers disdain her as a foreigner&nbsp;– an Austrian, no less&nbsp;– and consistently blame her for not having produced an heir. The French court is rife with gossip, and Marie Antoinette consistently ruffles feathers by defying its ritualistic formality. Over the years, Maria Theresa continues to write to her daughter, giving advice on how to impress and seduce the Dauphin. She also advises her to stop snubbing Madame du Barry , Louis XV\'s mistress, who is widely disliked at court, as this is akin to criticizing the King\'s behavior. Marie Antoinette finally speaks to Madame du Barry, remarking at a reception that, "There are a lot of people at Versailles today." Marie Antoinette gradually begins to adjust to her new life, surrounding herself with a few close confidantes. She finds solace in buying elaborate gowns and shoes, eating lavish pastries, and gambling with her ladies. One night, she, her husband, and some friends go incognito to a masked ball in Paris, where she meets Count Axel von Fersen , a Swedish count. When his predecessor dies, Louis XVI is crowned king of France, and both he and his wife express fear at being too young and inexperienced to reign. Despite the growing poverty and unrest among the French working class, Marie Antoinette maintains her extravagant lifestyle, while Louis continues to invest in foreign conflicts such as the American Revolution, sending France further and further into debt. Marie Antoinette\'s brother, the Holy Roman Emperor Joseph II  comes to visit, counseling her against her constant parties and associations, advice that she ignores. Joseph then meets the King at the Royal Zoo and explains to him the "mechanics" of sexual intercourse in terms of "key-making"&nbsp;– as one of the King\'s favorite hobbies is locksmithing. That night, the King and Marie Antoinette have sex for the first time, and on December 18, 1778, the young queen gives birth to a girl, Marie Thérèse. As the baby princess grows up, Marie Antoinette spends much of her time at the Petit Trianon, a small chateau on the grounds of Versailles. It is also at this time that she begins an alleged affair with von Fersen. As France\'s fiscal crisis worsens, food shortages and riots become commonplace. Marie Antoinette\'s image with her subjects has completely deteriorated by this point: her luxurious lifestyle and seeming indifference to the struggles of the masses earn her the title Madame Déficit. Beginning to mature, she focuses less on her social life and more on her family, and makes what she considers to be some significant financial adjustments. A few months after her mother\'s death in November 1780, Marie Antoinette gives birth to a boy, Louis-Joseph, the new Dauphin. She also gives birth to a second daughter, Sophie, who dies shortly thereafter . As the French Revolution begins to erupt, the royal family resolves to stay in France, unlike much of the nobility. Rioting Parisians force the family to leave Versailles for Paris. The film ends with the royal family\'s transference to the Tuileries. The last image is a shot of the Queen\'s bedroom, destroyed by looters.'] ['The film begins after the 1997 British general election, where Tony Blair  becomes Britain\'s Labour prime minister. The Queen  is slightly wary of Blair and his pledge to "modernise" the country, but Blair promises to respect the Royal Family. Three months later, Diana, Princess of Wales dies in a car crash in the Alma Bridge tunnel in Paris along with her companion Dodi Fayed and driver Henri Paul. Blair\'s director of communications, Alastair Campbell , prepares a speech in which Diana is described as "the people\'s princess". Blair gives his speech the next day and the phrase catches on. Over the next few days, millions of people across London display an outpouring of grief at Buckingham and Kensington Palaces. Meanwhile, the Royal Family are still at Balmoral Castle, their summer estate in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. Diana\'s death sparks division among numerous members of the family. The Royal Family observes that, since Diana was divorced from her husband, Prince Charles  a year earlier, she is no longer a part of the family. They insist that Diana\'s funeral is a "private affair" and is best left to Diana\'s noble family, the Spencers. Charles argues that the mother of a future king cannot be dismissed so lightly, and the Queen allows the use of an aircraft of the British Royal Flight to bring Diana\'s body back to England. In London, flowers pile up along the palace railings, forcing the changing of the Queen\'s guard to use another gate. British tabloids become inflammatory about the lack of a statement from the Royal Family. Charles leaves no doubt that he shares Blair\'s views about the need for a statement. As the Royal Family\'s ratings plummet, Blair\'s popularity rises, to the delight of his anti-monarchist advisers and wife Cherie . However, Blair does not share these sentiments. While disagreeing with the Queen\'s course of action, Blair begins to develop an admiration for her. Blair disagrees with his wife\'s views and tells her that a republican Britain is ludicrous, and begins to denounce the anti-royal disdain of his Labour Party advisors. Blair calls the Queen at Balmoral and recommends strong measures to regain public confidence for the monarchy: attend a public funeral for Diana at Westminster Abbey, fly a Union flag at half mast over Buckingham Palace, and speak to the nation about Diana\'s life and legacy in a televised address. Blair\'s recommendations outrage several other members of the Royal Family including Prince Philip  and the Queen Mother . Philip is surprised that Elton John is asked to attend and sing a song, "Candle in the Wind" in Diana\'s memory. They view such steps as an undignified surrender to public hysteria. The Queen seems concerned about this and although she shares their feelings, she has doubts as she closely follows the news. The Queen believes that there has been a shift in public values and that perhaps she should abdicate. The Queen Mother dismisses the idea, saying that she is one of the greatest assets her monarchy has ever had, stating: "The real problem will come when you leave". She also reminds the Queen of the promise she made in Cape Town, South Africa on her 21st birthday, in which she promised that her "whole life, whether it be long or short, shall be devoted to your service and the service of our great imperial family to which we all belong..." Meanwhile, Philip attempts to distract William and Harry  from Diana\'s death by taking them deer stalking. While venturing out alone in her Land Rover, the Queen damages the vehicle while crossing a river and is forced to telephone for assistance. The Queen weeps in frustration, but catches sight of a majestic Red Deer which Philip, William, and Harry have been stalking. She is struck by his beauty and the two stare at each other. Hearing a distant gunshot, she shoos the animal away. The Queen decides to carry out Blair\'s recommendations. While preparing to return to London to attend Diana\'s public funeral, the Queen is horrified to learn that the deer has been killed on a neighbouring estate. She asks to see the stag and is upset at its loss. The Royal Family finally return to London to inspect the floral tributes, and while watching live television coverage along with his staff, Blair becomes angry and disappointed at his Labour Party advisors, for which he states that the Queen is admirable, and thinks that Diana had thrown everything she offered back in her face and seemed to destroy everything held most dear by the Queen. The Queen later follows Blair\'s advice and gives her public statement, speaking about Diana\'s life and legacy on live television and describing Diana as "an exceptional and gifted human being". Two months after Diana\'s death, Blair visits Buckingham Palace for a weekly meeting. The Queen finally regained her popularity, but she believes that Blair has benefited himself from her acquiescence to his advice and that she will never fully recover from "that week". The Queen cautions Blair that one day, he will find that public opinion can rapidly turn against him and declares that times have changed and that the monarchy must "modernise". When Blair suggests that he can help with this, the Queen replies: "Don\'t get ahead of yourself, Prime Minister. Remember, I\'m supposed to be the one advising you".'] ["The film begins with Robinson as a child, being given a worn-out baseball glove by a stranger impressed by his fielding skills. As a young man, he becomes a multi-sport star at the University of California, Los Angeles, but as he nears graduation, he worries about his future. His older brother Mack was also an outstanding college athlete and graduate, but the only job he could get was that of a lowly street cleaner. When America enters World War II, Robinson is drafted, serving as an athletic director. Afterward, he plays baseball with a professional African-American team. However, the constant travel keeps him away from his college sweetheart, Rae. Then one day, Brooklyn Dodgers scout Clyde Sukeforth invites him to meet Branch Rickey, president of the Major League Baseball team. At first, Robinson considers the offer to be a practical joke, as there are no African Americans allowed in the segregated major leagues. When he is convinced that the opportunity is genuine, he and Rickey size each other up. After thinking over Rickey's warning about the hatred and abuse he would have to endure without being able to strike back, Robinson signs with the Dodgers' International League farm team, the Montreal Royals. Though he wants to delay marrying Rae to shield her, she insists on an immediate wedding so she can support her man in the trying times ahead. Robinson leads the league in hitting in his first year, and despite the grave concerns expressed by the Commissioner of Major League Baseball, Rickey goes ahead and promotes him to the Dodgers. Reviled at first by many of the fans and some of his own teammates, Robinson gets off to a shaky start, playing out of position at first base and going through a hitting slump, but then gradually wins people over with his talent and determination. The team goes on to win the pennant, with Robinson driving in the tying run and scoring the winning one in the deciding game. At the end, Robinson is invited to address the United States House of Representatives in Washington, D.C."] ['On April 8, 2000, Mark Hogancamp was attacked outside of a bar by five men who beat him nearly to death. After nine days in a coma and forty days in the hospital, Mark was discharged with brain damage that left him little memory of his previous life. Unable to afford therapy, Mark creates his own by building a 1/6-scale World War II-era Belgian town in his yard and populating it with dolls representing himself, his friends, and even his attackers. He calls that town "Marwencol," a portmanteau of the names "Mark," "Wendy" and "Colleen." He rehabilitates his physical wounds by manipulating the small dolls and props &mdash; and his mental ones by having the figures act out various battles and stories. When Mark begins documenting his miniature dramas with his camera, his photos are discovered and published by Esopus magazinehttp://www.esopusmag.com/archivesubright.php?Id3014 Esopus 5 and even shown in a New York art gallery. But having the label of "art" applied to his intensely personal work forces Mark to make a choice between the safety of his fictional town and the real world he\'s avoided since his attack.http://marwencol.com/ Marwencol official website'] ["The film tells the somewhat fictionalized rise and fall of Hollywood bombshell and sex symbol, Jayne Mansfield. The Jayne Mansfield Story opens in 1967 in Mississippi with Jayne Mansfield closing a show and then talking on a payphone with Mickey Hargitay about going on a new tour together. Intercut with scenes of Mansfield getting into a car and then crashing when the driver tries to overtake a spray truck is film of a teleprinter typing out the news of Mansfield's death. An announcer reads the text over both scenes. The film then goes to credits, intercut with still images of Mansfield as a child and young woman. The next scene is of an unnamed woman interviewing Hargitay about Mansfield . Hargitay shows her photos including one where a dark-haired Mansfield poses with a chimpanzee as a publicity stunt to promote a film premiere at the theater where she worked as a popcorn salesperson. . At a scene from the theater and at home Mansfield expresses her desire to act in films and she is shown as a single mother, taking care of her only daughter Jayne Marie after the father left because he disagreed with her acting ambition. In the next scene Mansfield approaches talent agent Bob Garrett on the street . She manages too convince Garrett to give her an audition for a one line part in a film after pushing her chest out and declaring that she has something more than Marilyn Monroe. At the audition, Mansfield declines to read the line given to her, opting instead to read a line from Come Back, Little Sheba. She doesn't get the part. Meeting later with Garrett, Mansfield makes a high pitched cooing sound and strikes a pose, asking rhetorically if this is what they want. Garrett tells her she might be on to something and tells her to lose weight and change her hair. Mansfield states that she'll project an airheaded bimbo image until her career gets going and then she'll switch to more serious roles. A month later Mansfield meets with Garrett at a car dealership, with blonde hair and wearing a pink polka-dot dress, she's received a pink Cadillac for free as promotion. Next, Mansfield appears at the Southern California press club , handing out Christmas presents while wearing a white fur trimmed bikini top and bottom. At a Florida poolside photoshoot, Mansfield pretends to fall in the pool , shouting that she can't swim to get the attention of the photographers who eagerly take pictures of her."] ["Young@Heart, a chorus of twenty-two senior citizens with an average age of eighty, is directed by a frequently demanding Bob Cilman. In preparation for a concert in their hometown of Northampton, Massachusetts, they spend two months learning new material ranging from James Brown to the Pointer Sisters to The Clash and Sonic Youth, a task that's daunting for them and frequently frustrating for Cilman. At one point they take a break to visit a nearby low-security prison and entertain the inmates, who literally and figuratively embrace them after they perform. The group's determination to succeed increases with the passing of two of their members in rapid succession, and the concert proves to be a major success with the community."] ["The documentary explores all the worlds that have touched Quek, presenting the pieces of including her life as a student in Los Angeles California and London, her native Singapore and in the porn industry. It focuses on her reasons for working in porn, and her relationship with friends and family. The documentary reveals to the viewers that she was gang raped as a student living in London and describes her many complex emotional issues, including signs of depression, self-harm,The Flick Filosopher article by Maryann Johanson and substance abuse. The film also includes footage of a painful conversation in Singapore between Annabel and her mother, who until then didn't know about her daughter's porn career."] ['The film starts off with Temple visiting her aunt for the summer and working on her ranch. She becomes interested in a cattle crush, a device that hugs the cows to "gentle them". One day, while having a panic attack, Temple places herself in the device and it helps to calm her down. When Temple first attended college, she was very nervous when she moved into her college dorm. Temple had another panic attack in her room, but her mother gave her space by closing the door. Immediately after, her mother had a flashback to when Temple was little and had relentless tantrums. Before that, Temple was diagnosed with classic autism, a severe case of autism in which she seemed aloof, lacked eye contact, had no language, and avoided human affection and touch. At this time, science classified autism as a form of schizophrenia, blaming mothers as the cause for the disorder and claiming that they were cold and aloof toward their autistic child, naming them "refrigerator mothers". The diagnostician suggested placing Temple in an institution. Temple\'s mother refused to listen to the diagnostician and helped Temple adapt to the everyday world. Her mother hired a speech therapist, who worked one-on-one with Temple and enabled her to acquire language. During Temple\'s college years, she conceptualized the squeeze machine, which was designed for herself because she had a sensory integration dysfunction and disliked physical affection by people. The machine hugs both sides of her to calm her down, as she controls the pressure, and it makes her relaxed whenever she becomes tense. Even though the machine worked, the school forced Temple to remove it, claiming that it was some kind of sexual device. Later after spring break ended, Temple and her aunt came back to school to persuade the school to let her use the device. Temple later proved through rigorous scientific study that the machine was only a calming device and, as a result, she was allowed to keep it. She uses this machine for self-medicating reasons ever since. Later on, the movie flashes back to when Temple was just being admitted to Hampshire Country School. She was expelled from her previous high school because a child taunted her and she hit him with a book. There, she meets a supportive teacher, Dr. Carlock, who encourages her to go further into science as a career and to eventually attend college. Temple does indeed graduate from college and becomes a worker at a ranch. She rebuilds a new dip, and alters a slaughterhouse for cows so that it is much more humane. The film concludes with an autism fair convention, which Temple and her mother attend. Temple speaks out from the crowd and tells the audience how she overcame her difficulties and was able to achieve academically, as well as how her mother helped her deal with the everyday world. The people become so fascinated that they request Temple to speak in front of the auditorium.'] ['London Hospital surgeon Frederick Treves discovers John Merrick in a Victorian freak show in London\'s East End, where he is managed by the brutish Bytes. Merrick is deformed to the point that he must wear a hood and cap when in public, and Bytes claims he is an imbecile. Treves is professionally intrigued by Merrick\'s condition and pays Bytes to bring him to the Hospital so that he can examine him. There, Treves presents Merrick to his colleagues in a lecture theatre, displaying him as a physiological curiosity. Treves draws attention to Merrick\'s most life-threatening deformity, his abnormally large skull, which compels him to sleep with his head resting upon his knees, as the weight of his skull would asphyxiate him if he were to ever lie down. On Merrick\'s return, Bytes beats him severely enough that a sympathetic apprentice alerts Treves, who returns him to the hospital. Bytes accuses Treves of likewise exploiting Merrick for his own ends, leading the surgeon to resolve to do what he can to help the unfortunate man. The ward nurses are horrified by Merrick\'s appearance, so Treves places him in a quarantine room under the watchful care of the formidable matron, Mrs. Mothershead. Mr. Carr-Gomm, the hospital\'s Governor, is reluctant to house Merrick , as the hospital is not designed as a residence for "incurables". To persuade Carr-Gomm that Merrick has potential, Treves coaches him to recite a few polite phrases. Carr-Gomm sees through the ruse, but as he walks away, both men are astonished to hear Merrick recite the 23rd Psalm. Shocked by this display of intelligence, Carr-Gomm allows Merrick to remain. Merrick is gradually revealed to be sophisticated and articulate. Carr-Gomm arranges a suite of rooms for him to reside in at the hospital, and Merrick passes his days reading, drawing and making a model of a church visible through his window. One day, Treves brings him to take afternoon tea at home together with his wife, Ann. Merrick, overwhelmed by the familial love he perceives in the domesticity about him, shows them his most treasured possession, a picture of his mother, and expresses his wish that she would love him if she could only see what "lovely friends" he now has. Later, Merrick begins to receive society visitors in his rooms, including the celebrated actress Madge Kendal. He becomes a popular object of curiosity and charity to high society. As these connections and visits increase, Mrs. Mothershead  complains to Treves that he is still being treated as a freak show attraction, albeit in a more upper class, celebrated style. For Treves\' part, this observation  deeply trouble him, and he begins to question whether or not he has done the right thing. And while Merrick is treated well during the daytime, the Night Porter secretly makes money by bringing punters from nearby pubs to gawk at Merrick. Threatened dissent at a board meeting toward the decision to keep Merrick indefinitely is overturned when the hospital\'s Royal Patron, Alexandra, pays a surprise visit with a message from Queen Victoria, stating that Merrick will receive permanent care at the hospital and the necessary funds have been arranged. But Merrick is then returned to his old life when Bytes gains access to his room during one of the Night Porter\'s late-night "viewings". Bytes abducts Merrick to continental Europe, where he is once again put on show and subjected to cruelty and neglect. Treves, consumed with guilt over Merrick\'s plight, takes action against the night porter with the help of Mrs. Mothershead. Merrick escapes with the help of his fellow freak show attractions, and makes it back to London. However, he is harassed by a group of boys at Liverpool Street station, and accidentally knocks down a young girl. He is chased, unmasked, and cornered by an angry mob, at which point he cries out, "I am not an elephant! I am not an animal! I am a human being! I ... am ... a ... man!", before collapsing. When the police return Merrick to the hospital, he is reinstated to his rooms. He recovers a little but it is soon clear he is dying from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. As a treat, Mrs. Kendal arranges an evening at the musical theatre. Resplendent in white tie, he rises in the Royal Box to an ovation, having had the performance dedicated to him from Mrs Kendal. That night, back at the hospital, Merrick thanks Treves for all he has done and finishes his model of the nearby church. Imitating one of his sketches on the wall—a sleeping child—he removes the pillows that have allowed him to sleep in an upright position, lies down on his bed and dies, consoled by a vision of his mother, Mary Jane Merrick, quoting Alfred Lord Tennyson\'s "Nothing Will Die".'] ['Howard Stern boards a flight home following an appearance at the MTV Music Video Awards as his alter-ego, "Fartman". He finds himself seated next to Gloria , who is visibly repulsed by him. He begins to tell his life story in his mind from his childhood, explaining the verbal abuse he received from his father Ben . Stern dreams of being on the radio after going to work with his father, a recording engineer, and grows up to be a quiet, socially awkward teenager. He then studies communications at Boston University, where he becomes a disc jockey at WTBU, the college radio station. He meets and becomes close to Alison , the girl of his dreams before graduating. It is 1977, and Howard works at WRNW in Briarcliff Manor, New York. He gets promoted to program director, where his increase in salary allows him to marry Alison. After being forced to fire a fellow DJ, he quits the station. In 1979, Howard leaves WRNW for WCCC in Hartford, Connecticut. He befriends fellow DJ Fred Norris and adopts a more casual attitude on the air by becoming honest and upfront. The two are soon invited to a red carpet premiere of actress Brittany Fairchild\'s  new film. The three leave during the screening for Fairchild\'s hotel room, where she strips for a bath, but Howard leaves in regret before things turn sexual. Alison finds his wet underwear in their car and leaves him after finding out what happened. It is now 1980, and Howard leaves Hartford for a job at WWWW in Detroit, Michigan. Howard becomes miserable without Alison, who eventually comes back, willing to forget about the incident with Fairchild. Meanwhile, WWWW switches formats from rock to country music to increase ratings, and Howard quits thereafter. He is then hired at WWDC in Washington, D.C., where he meets Robin Quivers, the news anchor for his program, whom Howard encourages to talk and contribute on air. The two refuse orders from their boss Dee Dee  for constantly breaking format. Their antics, particularly giving a woman who called in an orgasm on the air, almost get him fired until a boost in ratings forces Dee Dee to keep Howard. Fred is then hired to contribute. Meanwhile, Alison announces her pregnancy, however it turns out to be a miscarriage. Although they cheer each other up by making light of it, Howard makes light of it on the air which upsets her greatly. With Alison pregnant again, Howard, Fred and Robin move to WNBC in New York City, where he earns more money and have the chance to make his show become a nationwide success. Upper management at NBC\'s flagship station offered him a 3 year, $450,000 closed-end contract, not realizing what Stern\'s show was like until they saw a news report on the subject. Kenny "Pig Vomit" Rushton  takes on the job of keeping Howard in line, or forcing him to quit, as the latter is the only way out of their contract. After ignoring Kenny\'s orders of two minute bits without swearing and sexual references on air, Kenny retaliates by firing Robin. The show fails in her absence after Quiver\'s replacement is hired, who quits after a few days after an actress swallowing a kielbasa gets put on the air. Robin is eventually brought back. Howard\'s antics continue, with Kenny ultimately cutting a broadcast off for having Mandy , a woman who becomes the first woman to strip naked on the radio. Howard gets the show back on the air, and broadcasts he and Kenny getting into a physical altercation with each other in his office. In May 1985, when the new ratings come in and Howard becomes number one, Kenny comes over to Howard\'s home trying to suck up to him, and is turned down flat. He thanks the fans with a concert by AC/DC. During the performance, Alison is rushed to hospital and gives birth to a baby daughter. Back on the flight, it is revealed he told his whole story to Gloria, and Howard now believes he could get her, but stays loyal to Alison. He gets off the plane revealing Alison and his three daughters running to greet him. During the end credits, Stuttering John  rants about his absence in the film. Mia Farrow then presents a best actor award for Howard at an Oscars ceremony. He appears as Fartman once again, with Howard falling in mid-air, which the audience applaud for. Next is a clip of Kenny, who no longer works for WNBC and is now the manager of a shopping mall. He then blames Howard for his downfall. During his outbursts, his foul language is blocked out by jackhammer noises.'] ['Although liberated on January 27, 1945, Levi did not reach Turin until October 19 of that year. After spending some time in a Soviet camp for former concentration camp inmates, he embarked on an arduous journey home in the company of former Italian prisoners of war from the Italian Army in Russia. His long railway journey home to Turin took him on a circuitous route from Poland, through Russia, Romania, Hungary, Austria and Germany.'] ['The film is segmented into six major thematic sections: * Inventors The individuals who started creating snowboards * Pioneers The individuals who started riding snowboards before it was a sport * Back Country The individuals who risk their lives riding in non-designated snowboarding areas * Pros The teen and twenty-something professional athletes and Olympians * Adaptors The individuals who have lost limbs or their eyesight but continue to snowboard * Families Interviews the Teters and how snowboarding has influenced their lives The film also has one mini section on Banana George, a 93-year old snowboarder.'] [' Christmas 1924: Two-year-old Frances Gumm performs in public for the first time, singing "Jingle Bells". Her mother, Ethel, watches from the audience while her father, Frank, watches from backstage. Ethel is unhappy with her marriage because of her husband\'s homosexuality. To help herself cope, she moves the family to Hollywood with the hope that her daughters will break into the movie business. 1935: Frank Gumm takes Frances, now using her stage name of "Judy Garland," to the studios of Metro Goldwyn Mayer to audition. MGM chief Louis B. Mayer is not impressed with her rendition of "Zing Went the Strings of My Heart\', but when she sings a different song an impressed Mayer says, "Little girl. Big voice." Thirteen-year-old Judy signs an MGM contract but, because of her age, the studio does not know what to do with her and keeps giving her radio appearances. Tragedy strikes one night when she is told her father has been rushed to the hospital. She is also told that doctors have put a radio beside his bed, so he will be listening. While Suzy and Jimmie are in tears over their ill father, Ethel shows no emotion at all. He dies the next day. 1938-1939: Judy\'s movie career is now blooming. Now sixteen , she finds herself in competition with MGM\'s new glamorous star, Lana Turner, who is everything she is not: tall, thin, and blond. Judy also becomes jealous as Lana steals everybody\'s, including Mickey Rooney\'s, attention on her birthday. MGM purchases the rights to L. Frank Baum\'s classic children\'s book, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. Rumors spread that Shirley Temple might be playing Dorothy, but when 20th Century Fox refuses to lend her out to them, Judy is cast. She is prescribed some pills to help her sleep and to give her energy to work, and she is also forced to lose weight. She is then seen filming the "Yellow Brick Road" dance with the Scarecrow, Tin Man, and Cowardly Lion. On the first take, they all close in and shut her out, prompting director Victor Fleming to yell "You three dirty hams! Let that little girl in there!" The film turns out to be a huge success and she is catapulted to international stardom. Early 1940s: Judy begins a romance with bandleader Artie Shaw, who has already been married and divorced twice. This causes much concern, especially for Ethel, who has now remarried. Judy continues to see him and is shocked when he elopes with Lana Turner, leaving her heartbroken and reluctant to return to the studio since she feels she has to compete with all the goddesses. While filming the "I Got Rhythm" sequence for Girl Crazy, she is continually being reprimanded by her director, the no-nonsense Busby Berkeley, over not putting enough energy into her performance. Eventually, she collapses on the set and is granted three weeks rest, despite the doctor\'s instruction that she needs six. Aged just nineteen, she marries composer David Rose, but the marriage lasts only eighteen months. 1944: Judy  meets Vincente Minnelli , who is the director of her next film, Meet Me in St. Louis. She is then shown filming the "Trolley Song" sequence. She and Vincente marry in 1945. On their honeymoon, she tells him she plans to quit MGM when her contract expires. She also says she is pregnant, throws away a bottle of her pills, and vows never to take them again. 1947: Now mother to Liza, Judy is forced to renew her contract with MGM. While filming The Pirate, she has a mental breakdown and Vincente finds out she\'s taking the pills again. The marriage spirals downward from there. 1950: Judy is suspended from MGM and from filming Annie Get Your Gun . She also tries to commit suicide by slashing her throat with a broken glass. She is fired by MGM and her marriage to Vincente falls apart due to his exhaustion of her mood swings. During this time, she meets Sid Luft . He helps her with her show business comeback at the Palace Theatre on Broadway.  Early-1950s: Judy marries Sid in 1952 and a few months later she gives birth to a second daughter, Lorna. In 1953, her mother, Ethel, dies in a parking lot after suffering a heart attack. Initially, she does not react to the news, having been estranged from her for years, but while filming "The Man That Got Away" sequence for A Star is Born, her first film since MGM fired her, she misses her mark, and starts crying in her dressing room, not exactly sure if she is upset over her mother\'s death. She receives an Academy Award nomination for her performance. In 1955, a day before the 27th Academy Awards, she gives birth to a son, Joey, but on the night she loses the award to Grace Kelly, much to the shock and disappointment of her friends, and much of the film world. Late-1950s: Judy is now struggling with debts, her weight has ballooned, and at this stage, her marriage to Sid is starting to crumble. Early-1960s: After overcoming a life-threatening illness and slimming down, Judy tours America, the high point being a concert at New York\'s Carnegie Hall. As her marriage to Sid continues to collapse, she wins custody of their two children. Mid-1960s: Judy gets her own television series, but she is forced to go on the road again after it is cancelled. Judy\'s tour of Australia starts off fine, but her concert in Melbourne is a flop; she has trouble remembering the words to her songs, stumbles, and is heckled by the audience before being booed off stage. Judy later marries for a fourth time, this time to Mark Herron. This marriage lasts a mere five months as he turns out to be gay and is discovered in bed with a male pool cleaner, and she throws him out. Lorna begins to understand the connection between her mother\'s erratic behaviour and her medication. She reconciles with Sid, who books her at the Palace Theatre, this time with Lorna and Joey. He gives Lorna some instructions on how to take care of her mother. However, life with Judy , and looking after her mother and brother becomes too much for fourteen-year-old Lorna, who collapses from exhaustion. Fearing for his children\'s safety, Sid takes them to live with him in Los Angeles. 1969: Judy marries for a fifth and final time. Her new husband is Mickey Deans. They settle in London. Liza, Lorna, and Joey call her on her 47th birthday on June 10, and say they will come and spend the summer with her when school finishes in two weeks. Twelve days later, on June 22, she dies from an accidental overdose of sleeping pills. A hysterical Lorna sobs in her father\'s arms. The film ends with Judy performing "Get Happy".'] ['The investigation into Arnold Friedman\'s life started after a federal sting operation when he received a magazine of child pornography from the Netherlands by mail. In searching his Great Neck, New York home, investigators found a collection of child pornography. After learning that Friedman taught children computer classes from his home, local police began to suspect him of abusing his students. In police interviews, some of the children Friedman taught stated Friedman played bizarre sex games with them during their computer classes. Jarecki interviewed some of these children himself; some stated that they had been in the room with other children alleging abuse, and that nothing had happened. The film portrayed police investigative procedures as the genesis of a "witch-hunt" in the Friedmans\' community. The Friedmans took home-videos while Arnold Friedman  awaited trial. They were allowed to stay at home in order to prepare for court. The pictures were not made with publishing in mind, but as a way to record what was happening in their lives. The movie shows much of this footage; family dinners, conversations and arguments. Arnold\'s wife quickly decided that her husband was indeed guilty, and advised him to confess and protect their son. Arnold Friedman pleaded guilty to multiple charges of sodomy and sexual abuse. According to the Friedman family, he confessed in the hopes that his son would be spared prison time. Jesse Friedman later confessed as well, but now claims he did so to avoid being sent to prison for life. He said in mitigation that his father had molested him. Arnold Friedman admitted to molesting two boys, but not those who attended his computer classes. He is also quoted as admitting that, when he was 13, he had sex with his younger brother, Howard, who was eight years old at the time of the abuse; Howard Friedman has said he does not recall this. In addition, Peter Panaro, the lawyer for Jesse Friedman, stated that Jesse had admitted to him that he was sexually assaulted by his father as a child and that "not everything he had said about \'nothing had happened\' was true." Jesse denies telling Panaro this, and states that Panaro told him to plead guilty and blame his father. Although not included in the film, in a 1989 interview with Geraldo Rivera in prison, Jesse said he was sexually abused by his father and apparently confesses to abusing children himself.{{cite episode}} {{Dead link}}'] ['The film\'s famous beginning has General George S. Patton  giving a speech to an unseen audience of American troops , with a huge American flag in the background. The scene then shifts to North Africa at the start of 1943, where Patton takes charge of the demoralized American II Corps in North Africa after the humiliating defeat at the Battle of the Kasserine Pass. After instilling discipline in his soldiers, he leads them to victory at the Battle of El Guettar, though he is bitterly disappointed to learn afterward that Erwin Rommel , whom he respects greatly as a general, was not his opponent. Patton\'s aide, Captain Jensen, is killed in the battle and replaced by Lieutenant Colonel Codman who assures Patton that, though Rommel was absent, that if Patton defeated Rommel\'s plan, then he defeated Rommel. Patton is shown to believe in reincarnation, while remaining a devout Christian. At one point during the North Africa campaign, he takes his staff on an unexpected detour to the site of the ancient Battle of Zama. There he reminisces about the battle, insisting to his second in command, General Omar Bradley  that he was there. After North Africa is secured, Patton is involved in the Allied invasion of Sicily. His proposal to land his Seventh Army in the northwest of the island is rejected in favor of the more cautious plan of British General Bernard Law Montgomery, in which the British and American armies are to land side-by-side in the southeast. Frustrated at the slow progress of the campaign, Patton defies orders, racing northwest to capture the city of Palermo and then narrowly beats Montgomery in a race to capture the port of Messina in the northeast. However, Patton\'s aggression is regarded with increasing disquiet by his subordinates Bradley and Truscott, and he is eventually relieved of command for slapping and attempting to shoot a shell-shocked soldier, whom he accuses of cowardice, in an Army hospital. For this incident and for his tendency to speak his mind to the press, he is sidelined during the long-anticipated D-Day landings, being placed in command of the fictional First United States Army Group in southeast England as a decoy. German General Alfred Jodl  is convinced that Patton will lead the invasion of Europe. Fearing he will miss out on his destiny, he begs his former subordinate, General Omar Bradley, for a command before the war ends. He is given the Third Army and distinguishes himself by rapidly sweeping across France until his tanks are halted by lack of fuel. He later relieves the vital town of Bastogne during the Battle of the Bulge. He then smashes through the Siegfried Line and drives into Germany itself. Patton has previously remarked to a British crowd that the United States and Great Britain would dominate the post-war world, which is viewed as a slight to the Russians. After the Germans capitulate, he insults a Russian officer at a celebration; fortunately, the Russian insults Patton right back, defusing the situation. Patton then makes an offhand remark comparing the Nazi Party to the political parties in the U.S. In the end, Patton\'s outspokenness loses him his command once again, though he is kept on to see to the rebuilding of Germany. The film ends with Patton walking his dog, a bull terrier named Willie, and Scott relating in a voice over that a returning hero of ancient Rome was honored with a victory parade in which "a slave stood behind the conqueror holding a golden crown and whispering in his ear a warning: that all glory is fleeting."'] ["On her 100th birthday, Lucy Honicut Marsden recalls her life as a civil war veteran's 14 year old bride."] ["Following the death of her husband Francis II of France, Mary, Queen of Scots  returns to her native land. Though fearless, unselfish, and very beautiful, the young queen faces many challenges. As in neighbouring England, the Protestant faith has been embraced by many nobles of Scotland; in addition, the Catholic Mary has to deal with her half-brother James Stewart, Lord Moray's  ambitions for rule. He suggests that Mary enjoy herself in Scotland, and pass the time with dancing and feasting. Moray wants to rule Scotland while the lovely but inexperienced Mary becomes a figurehead. Fearing that Mary has ambitions for England's throne, Elizabeth I of England  decides to weaken her claim by sending her favourite, the ambitious Robert Dudley ([[Daniel Massey , to woo and marry Mary. She promises that Mary will become her heir if she agrees to the marriage. Sly Elizabeth also sends the younger, dashing but weak Lord Darnley , from a powerful Catholic family. Tempted by the handsome Darnley, Mary impulsively chooses him for marriage. Lord Moray, a Protestant, opposes the marriage, but Mary ignores him. She even exiles Moray to strengthen her own authority. Elizabeth is satisfied that reckless, passionate Mary's romantic misadventures will keep her busy in Scotland and give shrewd, practical Elizabeth less to worry about. Soon after the wedding, Darnley throws a childish temper tantrum, complaining that he has no real power and is merely Mary's King Consort. A disillusioned Mary soon banishes Darnley from her bed and frequently consults with the gentle, soft-spoken Italian courtier David Riccio . Darnley had previously had him as a lover and accuses him of fathering Mary's expected child. A group of Scottish lords persuade Darnley to help get rid of Riccio, whom they murder in Mary's presence. To escape, she persuades Darnley that the plotters will turn against him, and they flee to the safety of Lord Bothwell . He has been an ally of Mary since her arrival in Scotland. After he defeats the plotters, Mary forces a truce among their leader Moray, Darnley and Bothwell. Mary gives birth to a son, James, who is expected to succeed both Mary and the unmarried, childless Elizabeth. The peace is short-lived. The weak, selfish Darnley still wants power, though by now he is hideously scarred and already dying of syphilis . Mary pities him, but finds herself falling in love with the rough but loyal Bothwell. With Moray's help, they arrange for Darnley to be killed in a gunpowder explosion at his manor. Bothwell marries Mary, and their few brief nights together are blissful. But Moray rejoins the Scottish lords and leads a rebellion against them. He forces Mary to abdicate, and she and her husband are driven into exile, Mary to England and Bothwell to Denmark. Mary's young son James is to be crowned King of Scotland  and raised as a Protestant. In England, Mary begs Elizabeth for money and an army to regain her throne. Instead Elizabeth takes her prisoner, keeping her locked away in luxurious captivity in a remote castle. Elizabeth's closest advisor, Sir William Cecil , is anxious to get rid of Mary, but Elizabeth fears to set a precedent by putting an anointed monarch to death. She also fears that Mary's death might spark a rebellion by her Catholic subjects and cause problems with powerful France and Spain. As a result Mary is doomed to an open-ended captivity. Over time the once proud Queen of Scots succumbs to an empty routine, plotting half-heartedly to escape but growing increasingly comfortable in her luxurious seclusion. She occupies herself with a lazy daily schedule of cards, embroidery and gossip, talking vaguely of escape yet sleeping later and later each morning. Yet while the helpless imprisoned queen has lost all will to harm her enemies, they continue to plot her final destruction. With the help of his associate Walsingham ([[Richard Warner , Cecil finds evidence of Mary's involvement in the conspiracy to assassinate Elizabeth known as the Babington Plot. Finally Elizabeth confronts Mary, who regains her royal pride and behaves defiantly at their secret meeting. Although Elizabeth offers her mercy if she begs for forgiveness, Mary will not beg for mercy in public. She endures the trial, conviction and execution. She knows her son James will ultimately succeed to the English throne."] ['In 1914, nine-year-old Howard Hughes is being bathed by his mother. She warns him of disease, afraid that he will succumb to a flu outbreak: "You are not safe." By 1927, Hughes  has inherited his family\'s fortune, is living in California. He hires Noah Dietrich  to run the Hughes Tool Company. Following an interest in film and aviation, at the age of 22, Hughes begins directing the silent film, Hell\'s Angels. He becomes obsessed with shooting the film realistically and when theThe Jazz Singer, the first partially talking film, premieres, he converts Hell\'s Angels to a sound film. As a result, it takes several years and an enormous amount of money to finish. Finally, despite press skepticism, Hell\'s Angels is a hit. Hughes is unsatisfied with the end result, however, and orders the film re-cut after its Hollywood premiere. He later produces Scarface  and The Outlaw . Hughes becomes romantically involved with actress Katharine Hepburn . They live together and she helps alleviate the symptoms of his worsening obsessive-compulsive disorder . As Hughes\' fame grows, he is linked to various starlets, inciting Hepburn\'s jealousy. Hughes\' greatest passion remains the same: aviation. He purchases majority interest in Transcontinental & Western Air , the predecessor to Trans World Airlines. In 1935, he test flies the H-1 Racer, pushing it to a new speed record, but crashes in a beet field; "Fastest man on the planet," he boasts to Hepburn. Three years later, Hughes flies around the world in four days, shattering the previous record by three days. Juan Trippe , chairman of the board of rival Pan American World Airways, is determined not to let Hughes challenge his company\'s success. Trippe gets his crony, Senator Owen Brewster , to introduce the Commercial Airline Bill, which would give Pan Am a monopoly on international air travel. Hepburn and Hughes break up when she announces that she has fallen in love with fellow actor Spencer Tracy . Hughes soon has new love interests: first 15-year-old Faith Domergue , then actress Ava Gardner . Hughes secures contracts with the Army Air Forces for two projects: a spy aircraft and a huge troop transport designed to circumvent the U-boat menace. By 1946, Hughes has only finished the XF-11 reconnaissance aircraft and is still building the enormous "Spruce Goose" flying boat. Hughes\' OCD worsens, characterized by the repetition of phrases and a phobia of dust and germs. He takes the XF-11 for a test flight. One of the engines malfunctions, causing the aircraft to crash in Beverly Hills; he is severely injured and takes months to recover. Although the H-4 Hercules flying boat order is canceled, he continues development of the aircraft with his own money. When he is discharged, he is told that he has to choose between funding a floundering TWA or his flying boat. Hughes orders Dietrich to mortgage the TWA assets so he can continue developing the Hercules prototype. Hughes grows increasingly paranoid, planting microphones and tapping Gardner\'s phone lines to keep track of her. His house is searched by the FBI for incriminating evidence of war profiteering. The incident creates a powerful psychological trauma for Hughes, with investigators handling his possessions and tracking dirt everywhere. Brewster privately offers to drop the charges if Hughes will sell TWA to Trippe, an offer Hughes rejects. Hughes sinks into a deep depression, shuts himself away in his screening room and grows detached from reality. Hepburn tries unsuccessfully to help him. Trippe has Brewster subpoena Hughes for a Senate investigation, confident that the reclusive Hughes will not show up. After Hughes has shut himself away for nearly three months, Ava Gardner visits him and personally grooms and dresses him in preparation for the hearing. Reinvigorated, Hughes defends himself against Brewster\'s charges and accuses Trippe of essentially bribing the senator. Hughes concludes by announcing that he is committed to completing the H-4 aircraft, and that he will leave the country if he cannot get it to fly. Hughes successfully test flies the flying boat. After the flight, he talks to Dietrich and his engineer, Glenn Odekirk , about a new jetliner for TWA.Hughes tested and tried to purchase license rights for the Avro C102 Jetliner, although it is never mentioned specifically in the film.Floyd 1986, pp. 56, 63. In addition, Hughes was heavily involved in the process of the design of the Convair 880 and later Convair 990 Coronado jet airliners, specifying their five-abreast seating configuration, and gold-anodised internal trim designs.Wegg 1990, p. 214. He seems free of his inner demons, but relapses after seeing strange men in germ-resistant suits who may not be real. Hughes begins repeating the phrase "the way of the future" over and over again, until Dietrich and Odekirk hide him in a restroom while Dietrich fetches a doctor. Hughes has a flashback to his boyhood, being washed by his mother, and resolving he would fly the fastest aircraft ever built, make the biggest movies ever and become the richest man in the world. He continues repeating the phrase as the screen cuts to black.'] ["A religious drama on the life of St. Francis of Assisi . St. Francis' early life as the son of a wealthy cloth merchant in Assisi, who gives up all his worldly goods to dedicate himself to God. Clare  is a young aristocratic woman who was so taken with St. Francis that she left her family and became a nun. By this time , St. Francis had a well-established reputation for his vows of poverty. The movie goes on to note miracles and other aspects of his life, up to and including his death on October 3, 1226.http://www.allmovie.com/work/francis-of-assisi-92287"] ["Rogue Trader tells the true story of Nick Leeson, an employee of Barings Bank who after a successful spell working for the firm's office in Indonesia is sent to Singapore as General Manager of the Trading Floor on the SIMEX exchange. The movie follows Leeson's rise as he soon becomes one of Barings' key traders. However, everything isn't as it appears&nbsp;— through the 88888 error account, Nick is hiding huge losses as he gambles away Baring's money with little more than the bat of an eyelid from the powers-that-be back in London. Eventually the losses mount up to well over £800 million and Nick, along with his wife Lisa, decide to leave Singapore and escape to Malaysia. Nick doesn't realise the severity of his losses until he reads in the newspaper that Barings has gone bankrupt. They then decide to return to London but Nick is arrested en route in Frankfurt. Nick is extradited to Singapore where he is sentenced to six and a half years in jail and is diagnosed with colon cancer. Because of this, he did not complete his sentence."] ['Sophia Frederica  is the daughter of a minor German prince and an ambitious mother. She is brought to Russia by Count Alexei  at the behest of Empress Elizabeth  to marry her nephew, Grand Duke Peter . The overbearing Elizabeth renames her Catherine and reinforces the demand the new bride issue an heir to the throne. Unhappy in her marriage, Catherine finds solace with the womanizing Alexei, first and foremost a paramour of the much-older Elizabeth. Rebuffed at this discovery, she takes lovers among the Russian Army to court its favor. When the old Empress dies seventeen years into their marriage, Peter ascends to the Russian throne and takes steps against his wife. Soon Catherine plots and exercises a coup, beginning a reign as Empress that will leave her known to history as Catherine the Great.'] ['A fast paced, photo-driven documentary of one of the seediest bars in Times Square, the Terminal Bar, as seen through haunting black and white photographs taken by bartender Sheldon Nadelman from 1972 to 1982.DVD Talk'] ["So Much So Fast documents 5 years in the life of Stephen Heywood who, at 29, discovers he had the paralyzing neurodegenerative disease Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis . Determined to live as well as possible, Stephen gets married, has a son and rebuilds two houses. His and his wife Wendy’s observations of the world and his disease explore the fragility of life. The film also tracks his family's response to the drug companies that ignore his disease because there is not enough profit in curing it, and his brother's creation of the ALS Therapy Development Foundation research facility to find a cure for Stephen's disease in time."] ['For most of his childhood, 17-year-old Michael Oher  has been in foster care with different families, largely because of his mother\'s drug addiction, throughout Memphis, Tennessee. Every time he is placed in a new home, he runs away. His friend\'s father, whose couch Mike had been sleeping on, asks Burt Cotton ([[Ray McKinnon , the coach of Wingate Christian school, to help enroll his son and Mike. Impressed by Mike\'s size and athleticism, Cotton gets him admitted despite his abysmal academic record. At his new school, Michael is befriended by a boy named Sean Jr. "SJ" . SJ\'s mother Leigh Anne Tuohy  is a strong-minded interior designer and the wife of wealthy businessman Sean Tuohy . Leigh Anne notices Michael walking on the road, shivering in the cold; when she learns he intends to spend the night huddled outside the school gym, she offers him a place to sleep at her house. The next morning, when she sees Michael leaving, she asks him to spend the Thanksgiving holiday with her family. Slowly, Michael becomes a member of the Tuohy family, even as Leigh Anne\'s rich friends wonder what she is doing. One even suggests that her teenage daughter Collins  is not safe around him, much to Leigh Anne\'s disgust. When Leigh Anne seeks to become Michael\'s legal guardian, she learns he was separated from his drug-addict mother when he was seven and that no one knows her whereabouts. She is also told that even though he scored low in almost every category in a career aptitude test, he is in the 98th percentile in "protective instincts". After his grades improve, Michael is allowed to join the school football team. He has a shaky start due to his polite and gentle nature, yet after some encouragement by Leigh Anne to tap into his "protective instincts" and regard his teammates as he would members of his family, Michael dominates on the field. SJ sends out videos of the games to college coaches around the country. Leigh Anne discovers that to get a NCAA Division I scholarship, Michael needs a 2.5 GPA, so they hire a tutor, Miss Sue . Some of the teachers help out as well, and Michael ends up with a GPA of 2.52. When coaches come to recruit Michael, Leigh Anne makes it clear that she prefers the University of Mississippi  as both she and her husband are alumni. Miss Sue, another Ole Miss alumna, tells Michael  that the FBI buries body parts under the University of Tennessee\'s Neyland Stadium for research; Leigh Anne particularly loathes that school. Michael commits to Ole Miss. Subsequently, Michael and the Tuohys become the subject of an NCAA investigation. The investigator tells Michael that the Tuohys and Miss Sue are fervent Mississippi boosters, who are subject to special restrictions, and his high school coach got a job at Ole Miss after Michael chose the school. Michael confronts Leigh Anne, asking her if she only took him in so he would play football for her alma mater. Michael then goes to his birth mother\'s apartment in the projects. His old friends welcome him, but their leader makes crude remarks about Leigh Anne and Collins. Michael becomes angry and in the ensuing fight subdues his former friends and then flees. Leigh Anne searches for Michael. He finally calls her, and they meet. Leigh Anne tells him she will support any decision he makes. Michael satisfies the investigator by explaining that he chose Ole Miss because his whole family has gone there. Later, Leigh Anne and her family take Michael to the Ole Miss campus to begin college. The film ends with an emotional goodbye between Leigh Anne and Michael. The closing credits show the 2009 NFL Draft with the real Michael Oher being drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the first round. Photographs of Oher and the real Tuohys follow, with Oher\'s success in the NFL detailed. The credits include a dedication to director John Lee Hancock\'s father, a football player and coach who died in 2009.'] ["When the young Iris Murdoch meets fellow student John Bayley at the University of Oxford, he is a naive virgin easily flummoxed by her libertine spirit, arch personality, and obvious artistic talent. Decades later, little has changed and the couple keeps house, with John doting on his more famous wife. When Iris begins experiencing forgetfulness and dementia, however, the devoted John struggles with hopelessness and frustration to become her caretaker, as his wife's mind deteriorates from the ravages of Alzheimer's disease."] ["Angela's Ashes tells the story of Frank McCourt and his childhood after his family are forced to move from America back to Ireland because of financial difficulties and family problems derived from his father's alcoholism. The film chronicles young McCourt's life in Limerick, Ireland, during his childhood in the 1930s and 1940s, the difficulties that ensued, and finally Frank's way of earning enough money to return to the land of his dreams: America. Michael Legge was praised for his portrayal of the adolescent Frank. In particular, he was said to acquiesce his role as an innocent teenager growing up with typical coming of age rites such as sexuality, maturity and peer pressure in a Catholic Irish setting."] ['The story begins in Autumn of 1916, and follows an Irish immigrant named John Lawless  as he applies for a butler position with eccentric Philadelphia millionaire Anthony J. Drexel Biddle . Even though the family is a bit strange, Lawless soon learns that he fits right in. Mr. Biddle takes a liking to him immediately. For the rest of the film, Lawless serves as the narrator/commentator. Mr. Biddle busies himself with his Biddle Boxing and Bible School  and with his alligators in the conservatory. He is also anxious to get America into the War in Europe , despite the government\'s policy of neutrality. His wife, Cordelia , stands quietly by, accepting his eccentricities with a sense of pride and class. Their two sons, Tony and Livingston  are headed off to boarding school, never to be seen in the film again. Their daughter, Cordy , is a tomboy with a mean right hook who was educated by private tutors and has had limited contact with conventional society. She\'s frustrated by her apparent inability to attract suitors and wants to see what\'s beyond the Biddle manor. Mr. Biddle reluctantly lets Cordy go to a boarding school as well (after some prodding from both Cordy and from his Aunt Mary , where her roommate teaches her how to lure men with feminine wiles, known as "Bye-Yum Pum Pum". At a social dance hosted by her aunt and uncle, Cordy meets Angier Buchanan Duke ([[John Davidson  and they fall in love. He tells Cordy that he is fascinated with the new automobile and wants to head to Detroit, Michigan to make his fortune there, instead of taking over his family\'s tobacco business. That winter, Cordy comes back to her parents\' home and tells them that she is engaged. At first, this is a difficult thing for Mr. Biddle to take. He does not want to give up his little girl. But, after meeting Angie and witnessing first-hand his Jiu Jitsu fighting skills, Mr. Biddle takes a liking to him and accepts the engagement. Then Cordy travels with Angie to New York City to meet his mother . Soon the Biddles and the Dukes are making arrangements for a very grand wedding. Constant condescending comments from Angie\'s mother are painful for Cordy. To make matters worse, their families\' elaborate planning for the "social event of the season" , makes both Cordy and Angie feel pushed aside. The tension reaches a climax when Cordy learns that Angie has abandoned his plans for Detroit, and is instead taking his place in the family business, following his mother\'s wishes. Cordy angrily calls the wedding off, thinking of Angie as a mama\'s boy, and Angie storms out of the house. Both families are instantly in a tremendous state of upheaval. Mr. Biddle sends John Lawless to look after Angie. John finds Angie at the local tavern, contemplating what he will do next. During a rousing song-and-dance sequence, John tries to convince Angie to go back to Cordy. However, Angie is stubborn and thinks of other ways to deal with his problems, among other things saying that he wants to join the Foreign Legion. Angie unwittingly starts a bar fight  and is hauled off to jail. The next morning, Mr. Biddle comes to bail Angie out. He tells Angie he has to forget about his own dreams and accept his place in the family business. His words have the desired effect, inspiring Angie to defy his mother and elope with Cordy and go to Detroit. Cordy, however, believes her father talked Angie into it, so to prove his sincerity, amid the cheering of the cell mates, Angie throws Cordy over his shoulder and carries her out of the jail house to start their new life together . After Mr. and Mrs. Biddle return home a delegation of Marines arrive to inform him he has been made a "provisional captain" in the Marine Corps; and is wanted immediately to go to Parris Island to help/continue training the recruits, now that America is finally entering the War. Mr. Biddle accepts with delight, and the hearty congratulations of his suddenly appearing Bible Boxing Class. Behind the final credits a car is seen driving toward a city skyline  dominated by factories spewing smoke to blacken the sky over the city.'] ['Based on a true story, the plot revolves around the efforts of debate coach Melvin B. Tolson  at historically black Wiley College to place his team on equal footing with whites in the American South during the 1930s, when Jim Crow laws were common and lynch mobs were a pervasive fear for blacks. In the movie, the Wiley team eventually succeeds to the point where they are able to debate Harvard University. This was their 47th annual debate team. The movie also explores the social constructs in Texas during the Great Depression including not only the day-to-day insults and slights African Americans endured, but also a lynching. Also depicted is James L. Farmer, Jr. , who, at 14 years old, was on Wiley\'s debate team after completing high school . According to the Houston Chronicle, another character depicted on the team, Samantha Booke, is based on the real individual Henrietta Bell Wells, the only female member of the 1930 debate team from Wiley College who participated in the first collegiate interracial debate in the United States. Wells also happened to be a minor African American poet whose papers are housed at the Library of Congress. The key line of dialogue, used several times, is a famous paraphrase of Augustine of Hippo: "An unjust law is no law at all." Another major line, repeated in slightly different versions according to context, concerns doing what you "have to do" in order that we "can do" what we "want to do." In all instances, these vital lines are spoken by the James L. Farmer Sr. and James L. Farmer, Jr. characters. ;Historical background The film depicts the Wiley Debate team beating Harvard College in the 1930s. They did not debate Harvard, however. The debate depicted in the film instead mirrored the match up between Wiley and the University of Southern California, who at the time were the reigning debating champions. Wiley College did indeed win this matchup.{{cite news}} The film omits another reality: even though they beat the reigning champions, the Great Debaters were not allowed to call themselves victors because they were not truly considered to belong to the debate society; blacks were not admitted until after World War II."For Struggling Black College, Hopes of a Revival." New York Times, December 5, 2007.'] ['Martha Beck is a sullen, overweight nurse - with 50 nurses under her supervision - who lives in Mobile, Alabama, with her elderly mother . Martha\'s friend Bunny  surreptitiously submits Martha\'s name to a "lonely hearts" club, which results in a letter from Raymond Fernandez of New York City. The audience sees Ray surrounded by the photographs of his previous conquests as he composes his first letter to Martha. Overcoming her initial reluctance, Martha corresponds with Ray and becomes attached to him. He visits Martha and seduces her. Thereafter, having secured a loan from her, Ray sends Martha a Dear Jane letter, and Martha enlists Bunny\'s aid to call him with the  news that she has attempted suicide. Ray allows Martha to visit him in New York, where he reveals to her what the audience knows already: that he is a con man who makes his living by seducing and then swindling lonely women. Martha is unswayed by this revelation, however, and, at Ray\'s command, installs her mother in a nursing home so that she can live with Ray. But because she is fiercely jealous of Ray, she insists on accompanying him in his work. Woman after woman accepts the attentions of this suitor who goes courting while accompanied at all times by his "sister." Martha can barely contain her jealousy as she watches Ray romance other women, though Ray promises her that he will never sleep with any of them. Complicating his promise, Ray marries a pregnant woman, Myrtle Young , and after Young aggressively attempts to bed the bridegroom, Martha gives her a dose of pills, and the two put the drugged woman on a bus. Her death thereafter escapes immediate suspicion. Martha and Ray move on to their next target, and after catching Ray in a compromising position with the woman, Martha attempts to drown herself. To placate her, Ray rents a house in Valley stream, a suburb of New York City, while they continue swindling lonely women. Ray, using the alias "Charles Martin," becomes engaged to the elderly Janet Fay of Albany  and takes her to the house he shares with Martha. Janet gives Ray a check for $10,000, but then becomes suspicious of the two. When Janet tries to contact her family, Ray and Martha hit her in the head with a hammer and strangle her to death. They bury her body in the cellar in her trunk, with a portrait of Jesus. Martha and Ray then spend several weeks living in Michigan with the widowed Delphine Downing and her young daughter. Delphine, younger and prettier than most of Ray\'s conquests, confides in Martha, hoping that she will help her persuade Ray to marry her as soon as possible because she is pregnant with Ray\'s child. Furious, Martha is attempting to kill Delphine when her daughter enters the room with Ray. He shoots Delphine in the head and Martha drowns her daughter in the cellar. Ray tells Martha that he must proceed with his plan to move on to one more woman, this time in New Orleans, and then he will marry Martha; he reaffirms his promise never to betray Martha with one of his marks. Realizing that Ray will never stop lying to her, Martha calls the police and calmly waits for them to arrive. The epilogue takes place four months later, with Martha and Ray in jail. As she leaves the cellblock for the first day of their trial, Martha receives a letter from Ray in which he tells her that, despite everything, she is the only woman he ever loved. Titles on the screen then conclude the story, saying that Martha Beck and Raymond Fernandez were executed at Sing Sing on March 8, 1951.Although the real-life Beck and Fernandez were arrested originally in Michigan and charged with the murders of the Downings, ultimately those prosecutions were suspended and they were extradited to New York to be tried for the murder of Janet Fay, because New York, unlike Michigan, had the death penalty. It was for the murder of Fay that they were convicted and executed. See People v. Fernandez, 93 N.E.2d 859 .'] ['Veronica Guerin  is a feisty crime reporter for the Sunday Independent. Suddenly aware of how much Dublin\'s illegal drug trade is encroaching upon the lives of its working class citizens, especially the children, she becomes determined to expose the men responsible for its spread. Guerin begins by interviewing the pre-pubescent addicts who shoot up on the street or in abandoned buildings in the housing estates. Her investigation leads her to major suppliers and John Traynor  , a notable source of information about the criminal underworld. Traynor is willing to assist her to an extent but is not above misleading her in order to protect himself from nefarious drug lord John Gilligan . In order to steer her away from Gilligan, Traynor suggests Gerry Hutch , a criminal known as The Monk, is in charge of the operation. Guerin pursues him with a vengeance, only to discover he is not involved. As Guerin\'s investigation deepens and she comes closer to the truth, she and her family become targets. When a bullet fired through a window in her home as a warning fails to stop her, she is shot in the leg and the life of her young son Cathal  is threatened. Her husband Graham , mother Bernie , and brother Jimmy  implore her to stop, but when Guerin confronts Gilligan at his home and he savagely beats her, she becomes more determined to expose him for who he is. Rather than press charges against him, which would necessitate her removal from the story, she forges ahead with her investigation. On 26 June 1996, Guerin appears in court to respond to an accumulation of parking tickets and numerous penalties for speeding that she has ignored. She is given a nominal fine of IR£100, but while en route home she calls her mother and then her husband to report the good news. She is speaking to her office while stopped at traffic lights on red on the Naas Dual Carriageway when a motorcycle with two men on it pulls up beside her. The driver breaks the window of her car and then shoots her six times. The two flee and dispose of the bike and the gun in a nearby river. Guerin is mourned by her family, friends, associates and the country at large. Her violent death results in the establishment of the Criminal Assets Bureau and Gilligan together with several of his henchmen are tried and sentenced to lengthy gaol terms. In an epilogue, we learn that "Veronica Guerin\'s writing turned the tide in the drug war. Her murder galvanised Ireland into action. Thousands of people took to the streets in weekly anti-drug marches, which drove the dealers out of Dublin and forced the drug barons underground. Within a week of her death, in an emergency session of the Parliament, the Government altered the Constitution of the Republic of Ireland to allow the High Court to freeze the assets of suspected drug barons.'] ["Set in 1911 and the growing protest against British rule in Ireland, young John Cassidy is a labourer by day and a pamphleteer by night. When the pamphlets he has written incite riots, Cassidy realizes he can do more for his people with the pen than with the sword. He writes a new play, The Plough and the Stars, which he submits to the Abbey Theatre , and is surprised when W.B. Yeats, the founder of the Abbey, accepts and produces his new play. The opening of the play causes the audience to riot, and he loses many friends; but he is undeterred and is soon acclaimed as Ireland's outstanding young playwright."] ['In Citizen Kane, Welles plays Charles Foster Kane, whose fictional life partially mirrors that of Hearst\'s. However, Chicago inventor and utilities magnate Samuel Insull, Chicago Tribune publisher Robert R. McCormick, and even Welles\' own life were used in creating Kane. In 1939, based partly on the strength of his imaginative and successful New York plays which were produced under the aegis of the Mercury Theatre , and the infamy of his October 30, 1938 radio broadcast of H. G. Wells\' The War of the Worlds which sent residents of Grover\'s Mill, New Jersey into a panic, Orson Welles was able to negotiate a virtually unheard-of two-picture deal with the relatively small RKO Pictures studio. The deal gave him near-total creative control and, arguably, overshadowed the production of films also considered classics: Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer\'s Gone with the Wind and The Wizard of Oz and RKO\'s own Gunga Din. The Battle Over Citizen Kane also details the lives of Orson Welles and William Randolph Hearst before Citizen Kane, Hearst\'s manipulation of the heads of the four largest Hollywood studios: Columbia Pictures, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Paramount Pictures, and Warner Bros. to combine their efforts and financial strength to buy the film from RKO with the express purpose of destroying it, and how the film affected their lives after the release of the film. During this period, however, William Randolph Hearst was actually millions of dollars in debt due largely to excessive spending, particularly on his continuing construction of his already sprawling mansion near San Simeon, California which was located on a property approximately half the size of the state of Rhode Island. While married to Millicent Hearst, he kept a mistress over twenty years his junior, the actress Marion Davies. Davies had been a silent film-era star who worked on a number of "talkies", but with lesser success. After the release of Citizen Kane to relatively positive critical reviews and largely indifferent popular response, Orson Welles moved on to his second project, The Magnificent Ambersons. However, after Citizen Kane did not become a money-maker, The Magnificent Ambersons was wrested from his control. RKO re-edited the film itself and released it. William Randolph Hearst died in 1951; Orson Welles died in 1985. The events chronicled in The Battle Over Citizen Kane were dramatized in the 1999 HBO film, RKO 281. "281" was the internal production name of Citizen Kane.'] ['The film opens during the recording of Morrison\'s An American Prayer and quickly moves to a childhood memory of his family driving along a desert highway. Young Jim sees an elderly native American dying by the roadside. The film picks up with Morrison\'s arrival in California and his assimilation into the Venice Beach culture, followed by his film school days studying at UCLA; his introduction to his girlfriend Pamela Courson, his first encounters with Ray Manzarek, and the origin of The Doors: Morrison, Manzarek, Robby Krieger, and John Densmore. Morrison convinces his bandmates to travel to Death Valley and experience the effects of psychedelic drugs. Returning to Los Angeles, they play several shows at the famous Whisky a Go Go club and develop a rabid fanbase. Morrison\'s onstage antics and occasionally improvised lyrics raise the ire of club owners; however, the band\'s popularity continues to expand. As The Doors become hugely successful, Morrison becomes increasingly infatuated with his own image as "The Lizard King" and degenerates into alcoholism and drug addiction. As he sinks deeper into an alcoholic haze he begins having several affairs, particularly mystical sexual encounters with Patricia Kennealy, a rock journalist involved in witchcraft. The rest of the band grows weary of Morrison\'s missed recording sessions and absences at concerts. Morrison is depicted arriving late to a Miami, Florida concert, becoming increasingly confrontational towards the audience and exposing himself onstage. The incident is a low point for the band, resulting in resentment from the other band members and Morrison\'s trial for indecent exposure. In 1971, Courson finds Jim Morrison dead in a bathtub in Paris, France, at the age of 27. Pamela Courson similarly dies three years later of a drug overdose, also at the age of 27. The final scenes of the film before the credits roll are of Morrison\'s gravesite in Père Lachaise Cemetery in Paris with A Feast of Friends, a spoken word by Morrison with music from the rest of the band playing in the background, plays in the background. Just before the credits, the screen whites out and text appears saying "Jim Morrison is said to have died of heart failure. He was 27. Pam joined him three years later." During the credits, the band is shown recording the song "L.A. Woman" in the studio.'] [' In 1968, an audience of inmates at Folsom State Prison cheer for Johnny Cash\'s band as he waits backstage near a table saw, reminding him of his early life. In 1944, Johnny, then known as J.R., grows up the son of a share cropper on a cotton farm in Dyess, Arkansas, and is adept with hymnals, while his brother Jack is training himself to become a pastor. While Jack is sawing wood for a neighbor, J.R. goes fishing while he finishes. However, Jack injures himself with the saw, and dies of his injuries. Cash\'s strained relationship with his father Ray, becomes much more difficult after Jack\'s death. In 1950, J.R. enlists in the United States Air Force as Johnny Cash, and is posted in West Germany. One day in 1952, he finds solace in playing a guitar he bought and writing songs—one of which will become "Folsom Prison Blues". Cash is eventually discharged, and marries his girlfriend Vivian Liberto. The couple move to Memphis, Tennessee, where Cash works as a door-to-door salesman to support his growing family. He walks past a recording studio, which inspires him to organize a band to play gospel music. Cash\'s band auditions for Sam Phillips, the owner of Sun Records. Phillips interrupts the audition and asks Cash to play a song that he really "feels", prompting them to play "Folsom Prison Blues". The band is contracted by Sun Records. The band begins touring as Johnny Cash and the Tennessee Two. He meets many different artists on tour, including June Carter, with whom Cash soon falls in love. Cash begins spending more time with June, who divorces her first husband, Carl Smith. After an attempt by Cash to woo June backfires, he begins to take drugs and alcohol. After his behavior peaks during a performance with June, they go their separate ways. Over Vivian\'s objections, Johnny persuades June to come out of semi-retirement at an awards show and tour with him. The tour is a success, but backstage, Vivian is critical of June\'s influence. After one Las Vegas performance, Cash and June sleep together in her hotel room. The next morning, she notices Cash taking several pills and begins to doubt her choices. At that evening\'s concert, Cash, upset by Carter\'s apparent rejection, behaves erratically and eventually passes out. June disposes of Cash\'s drugs and begins to write "Ring of Fire", describing her feelings for Cash and her pain at watching him descend into addiction. On his way home, Cash travels to Mexico to purchase more drugs and is arrested. Cash\'s marriage to Vivian begins to crumble and after a final violent dispute, the pair eventually divorce and Cash moves to Nashville in 1966. In an attempt to reconcile with June, Cash buys a large house near a lake in Hendersonville. His parents, and the extended Carter family, arrive for Thanksgiving, at which time Ray dismisses his son\'s achievements and behavior. After eating, June\'s mother—aware of her daughter\'s true feelings toward Cash—encourages her to help him. After a long detoxification period, Cash wakes up with June by his side. June says she, and God, have given Cash a second chance. Although not formally a couple, the two begin to spend most of their time with each other. Cash discovers that most of his fan mail comes from prisoners, impressed with the outlaw image that Cash has cultivated. Cash visits his recording company he signed with in 1958, Columbia Records, and proposes that he record an album live inside Folsom Prison. Despite Columbia\'s doubts, Cash says that he will perform regardless and the label can use the tapes if they wish. At the Folsom Prison concert, Cash tells how he always admired prisoners, explaining that his arrest for drug possession helped him to relate to them. The concert is a great success, and Cash embarks on a tour with June and his band. While on a tour bus, Cash goes to see June in the back of the bus. Waking up June, he proposes to her, but she turns him down. At the next concert, June tells him that he is only allowed to speak with her on stage. There, Cash persuades June to join him in a duet. In the middle of the song, Cash stops playing, explaining that he cannot sing anymore unless June agrees to marry him. June eventually accepts and they share a passionate embrace on stage. The two marry and eventually raise their kids together and spend time with their families.'] ["The documentary follows five-year-old beauty contestant Swan Brooner and her mother, Robin Browne throughout the year of 1999. The two live in Florida with Swan's half-brother, Bubba, her half-sister, Silva and her younger brother, Devon. Throughout the film, Robin, who used to serve in the American military, trains and grooms Swan with a no-nonsense attitude for the state beauty pageants. In Swan's bedroom, various trophies and crowns are displayed, although Swan mentions she does not know what contest she won them in. Robin takes Swan to South Carolina to compete in a national contest. However, Swan loses after nearly forgetting the words to a song. The two move on the next contest. Before they set out, Robin's boyfriend has already offered to help Robin and Swan with whatever expenses needed to cover the pageants. Robin's son, Bubba, is a juvenile delinquent, who has already been involved in fights with his peers at school and has been arrested a few times. However, Robin has been too preoccupied with Swan to attend to Bubba, although she mentions she cares for and loves all of her children. The documentary later focuses on Alabama residents and beauty pageant coaches Michael Butler and his partner Shane King, along with Butler's seven-year-old daughter, Leslie, who has won 27 national titles in her pageant span . Shane is coach to Leslie, Swan and various other young beauty pageant contestants. Meanwhile, Leslie is preparing to compete in the Glamour Doll USA pageant after a nine-month hiatus. She later wins the top prize. In the Ginger Bread Pageant, Swan is crowned Miss Grand National Star Grand Supreme, winning $2500, the largest prize she has received. Leslie is crowned Overall Dream Girl, winning $500."] ['Lymon was thirteen years old when the teenage group Frankie Lymon & the Teenagers erupted from radios and jukeboxes with their 1956 hit, "Why Do Fools Fall in Love?" and appeared in the movie Rock, Rock, Rock . After Mr. Rock and Roll , Lymon started a solo singing career, but it all fell apart. Lymon\'s career was over by the time he was eighteen years old, and he died of a heroin overdose seven years later. Jumping from the 1950s to the 1980s, the film traces the rise and fall of Lymon  in a series of flashbacks as courtroom claims on Lymon\'s royalties are outlined by three women: Zola Taylor  of the Platters R&B group; Elizabeth Waters , who loves her pet dog . She became a prostitute to cover the costs of Lymon\'s recovery from addiction; and schoolteacher Emira Eagle . Little Richard also makes a courtroom appearance, while Miguel A. Nunez Jr. portrays Little Richard in scenes set in the 1950s. The film ends with Emira winning Frankie\'s estate, although Elizabeth was named the legal surviving spouse of Frankie Lymon.'] ["Barbara Gordon appears to have it all, including a successful career in a male-dominated industry and a solid relationship with her live-in lover, attorney Derek Bauer. Beneath her facade is a high-strung personality who heavily relies on sedatives to reduce tension and anxiety and maintain a composed exterior for her friends and associates. Her current project focuses on cancer patient Jean Scott Martin and her husband Ben and how the couple is coping as the disease progresses. Despite reserverations expressed by her collaborators, Barbara is determined to end the film on a positive note, showing the Martins embracing on the beach. When she shows them a rough cut, fatalistic Jean is angered by the false optimism and vehemently voices her objections to Barbara's choices. The response triggers a deep depression in Barbara, who relies on Doctor Kalman, her therapist of many years, and an increased dosage of Valium to see her through the crisis. She finally reaches a turning point when she realizes Kalman's treatment has been ineffective and admits her dependence on drugs is controlling her life. Her effort to quit cold turkey results in a rapid physical, mental, and emotional deterioration fueled by Derek's refusal to let her seek medical help and his alcohol-driven determination to control her completely. Following a series of physical fights, he imprisons her - bruised, bloodied, and broken - by tying her to a chair. She manages to convince him they had dinner plans with friends Karen and Sam Mulligan, and when he calls them to cancel, her screams for help alert them to her situation. Barbara is institutionalized and begins a long and arduous journey towards recovery with the help of Julie Addison. During this period, she is visited by Jean, who confesses she may have overreacted to Barbara's film and feels a sense of guilt over her breakdown. Her encouragement inspires Barbara to get well and complete the project. Jean suggests she end the film with an image of Barbara herself walking on the beach, and she complies with her wishes. Jean dies before seeing the completed work, but a newly confident Barbara is certain she would have approved of it."] ["Lee Seong-gye is an ordinary man, the second son of Lee Ja-chun, who passes a state military examination in his early age and becomes a general who defeats his enemies and become Chief. Seong-rye takes power against King Gongyang who is responsible for the death of his father and older brother. He leads his army and defeats Gongyang's soldiers. Seong-gye becomes King and is renamed as Taejo of Joseon."] ['Having won the gold medal for boxing in the light heavyweight division at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Kentucky native Cassius Clay  challenges professional heavyweight boxing champion Sonny Liston ([[Steve Harris  for the title. The media is both intrigued and repulsed by his brash manner and what appears to be self-worship. Despite being a heavy underdog, the 22 year-old Clay shocks the sports world by defeating Liston by technical knockout in their February 1964 bout, becoming heavyweight champion and  "king of the world" AKA Derek.'] ['The film begins with a profile of Kenneth Lay, who founded Enron in 1985. Two years after its founding, the company becomes embroiled in scandal after two traders begin betting on the oil markets, resulting in suspiciously consistent profits. Enron\'s CEO, Louis Borget, is also discovered to be diverting company money to offshore accounts. After auditors uncover their schemes, Lay encourages them to "keep making us millions". However, the traders are fired after it is revealed that they gambled away Enron\'s reserves, nearly destroying the company. After these facts are brought to light, Lay denies having any knowledge of wrongdoing. Lay hires new CEO Jeffrey Skilling, a visionary who joins Enron on the condition that they utilize mark-to-market accounting, allowing the company to book potential profits on certain projects immediately after the deals are signed...whether or not those projects turn out to be successful. This gives Enron the ability to subjectively give the appearance of being a profitable company even if it isn\'t. Skilling imposes his Darwinian worldview on Enron by establishing a review committee that grades employees and annually fires the bottom fifteen percent. This creates a highly competitive and brutal working environment. Skilling hires lieutenants who enforce his directives inside Enron, known as the "guys with spikes." They include J. Clifford Baxter, an intelligent but manic-depressive executive; and Lou Pai, the CEO of Enron Energy Services, who is notorious for using shareholder money to feed his obsessive habit of visiting strip clubs. Pai abruptly resigns from EES with $250 million, soon after selling his stock. Despite the amount of money Pai has made, the divisions he formerly ran lost $1 billion, a fact covered up by Enron. Pai uses his money to buy a large ranch in Colorado, becoming the second-largest landowner in the state. With its success in the bull market brought on by the dot-com bubble, Enron seeks to beguile stock market analysts by meeting their projections. Executives push up their stock prices and then cash in their multi-million dollar options in a process called "pump and dump." Enron also mounts a PR campaign to portray itself as profitable and stable, even though its worldwide operations are performing poorly. Elsewhere, Enron attempts to use broadband technology to deliver movies on demand, and "trade weather" like a commodity; both initiatives fail. However, using mark-to-market accounting, Enron records non-existent profits for these ventures. Enron\'s successes continue as it became one of the few Internet-related companies to survive the dot-com bubble burst in 2000, and is named as the "most admired" corporation by Fortune magazine for the sixth year running. However, Jim Chanos, an Enron investor, and Bethany McLean, a Fortune reporter, question irregularities about the company\'s financial statements and stock value. Skilling responds by calling McLean "unethical", and accusing Fortune of publishing her reporting to counteract a positive BusinessWeek piece on Enron. Three Enron executives, including CFO Andrew Fastow, meet with McLean and her Fortune editor to explain the company\'s finances. Unbeknownst to other executives, Fastow creates a network of shell companies designed solely to do business with Enron, for the ostensible dual purposes of sending Enron money and hiding its increasing debt. However, unbeknownst to Lay and Skilling, Fastow has a vested financial stake in these ventures, using them to defraud Enron of tens of millions of dollars. Fastow also takes advantage of the greed of Wall Street investment banks, pressuring them into investing in his shell entities and, in effect, conduct business deals with himself.'] ["The middle-aged Marquis de Sade  arrives at his ancestral estate of La Coste, having escaped incarceration. In the theater at the castle, he meets his uncle, the Abbe , who persuades him to stay to watch an entertainment that has been prepared for him. The play is a parody of the Marquis' parents haggling with M. and Mme. Montreuil over the prospective marriage of their children, leading to a flashback in time to the actual negotiations. The young Marquis  flees the proposed marriage to Mlle. Renee de Montreiul , but returns and marries her under threat of imprisonment. Louis would prefer Renee’s younger sister Anne , finding Renee to be very frightened and cold to his charms. At an orgy with several young prostitutes, Louis begins to get very rough in his play and explains some of his philosophy to the women, leading to the first in a long series of imprisonments. Released into the custody of his mother-in-law Mme. de Montreuil , Louis finds himself a prisoner in his own home. When Anne is sent away to a convent school, Louis begins liaisons first with his mother-in-law's protégé, Mlle. Collette, and then with an actress, La Beauvoisin, for whom he builds a theater at La Coste. The first play performed is for the benefit of the Abbe, who is chagrined to see that the performance is about his own misuse of the young boy Louis. In a flashback, the actual event is played out, the Marquis's later deeds and philosophy thus being given a cod-Freudian origin. Louis proceeds through a series of flashbacks involving his father’s death, a mysterious and recurring old man, and the baptism day of one of Louis' own children, culminating in the scandal of Rose Keller, a widow whom he ties up and flagellates with a sword. Mme. de Montreuil is forced to pay Rose for her silence, and to send Louis back into exile at La Coste. Louis continues to pursue Anne, and after an elaborate orgy where he is whipped into unconsciousness, he flees to Italy with the young woman. Returned to prison, Louis is tormented with visions of Mme. de Montreuil disowning Anne and his uncle the Abbe seducing her. Mme. de Montreuil visits him in prison, and tearfully tells him he has ruined her family and that he will remain imprisoned forever. Back on the stage, a mock trial is held where the Marquis is accused of murdering Anne. The mysterious old man is present at the proceedings, and Anne herself appears to accuse Louis of her murder. Louis ruefully remembers Anne's death in Italy from the plague. An older Louis talks with Renee about their misfortunes and regrets, telling her he can find no meaning in life. At another drunken and destructive debauchery, Louis begins to see visions of Renee in the midst of his revel. The old man lies on his death bed in prison, crying out for Renee's forgiveness. It is revealed that the old man is the Marquis himself, following the young Marquis through his memories as he seeks his one moment of reality. Deciding to look one last time, the old man closes his eyes as the scene cuts back the middle-aged Marquis arriving at La Coste."] ["The film tells the story of Robert M. Knight, a rock photographer born and raised in Honolulu, who holds the distinction of being one of the first photographers to capture Jimi Hendrix and Led Zeppelin, and the last to photograph Stevie Ray Vaughan. Over the course of the film, Robert revisits the friends and idols of his past, such as Jeff Beck, Slash, Carlos Santana, and Steve Vai, while helping to kick-start the careers of the Australian band Sick Puppies.http://abclocal.go.com/wls/story?section6891802 Fiercely protective of his ever-expanding photo archive, the photographer struggles with his mother's costly around-the-clock care, and debates whether to sell the 200,000+ photos that mean so much to him.<ref name Wiser | first  | title  | pages  | publisher  | url 2008-07-02 }}"] ["The film revolves around the humble beginnings of the band, their rise to stardom, drummer Rick Allen's car accident, Steve Clark's battle with alcoholism and the making of their most successful album to date, Hysteria."] ['In 1964, an aging, overweight Italian American Jake LaMotta  practices a comedy routine. A flashback to 1941 shows his first loss in a major boxing match, against Jimmy Reeves. Jake\'s brother Joey LaMotta  later discusses a potential shot for the middleweight title with one of his Mafia connections, Salvy Batts . Some time thereafter, Jake spots a 15-year-old girl named Vickie  at an open-air swimming pool in his Bronx neighborhood. He eventually pursues a relationship with her, even though he is already married. Jake defeats Sugar Ray Robinson once in 1943 and has another win three weeks later. Despite the fact that Jake dominated Robinson during the bout, the judges surprisingly rule in favor of Robinson and Joey feels he won only because he was enlisting into the US Army the following week. Jake is married to Vickie by 1947. As Jake\'s fears grow about Vickie having feelings for other men, particularly Tony Janiro, the opponent for his forthcoming fight, he shows off his sexual jealousy when he defeats Janiro in front of the local Mob boss, Tommy Como  and Vickie. As Joey discusses the victory with journalists at the Copacabana, he is distracted by seeing Vickie approach a table with Salvy and his crew. Joey speaks with Vickie, who says she is giving up on his brother. Blaming Salvy, Joey viciously attacks him in a fight that spills outside of the club. Como later orders them to apologize, and has Joey tell Jake that if he wants a chance at the championship title, which he has control over, he will have to take a dive first. In a match against Billy Fox, Jake does not even bother to put up a fight. He is suspended shortly thereafter from the board on suspicion of throwing the fight, though he realizes the error of his judgment when it is too late. Despite the suspension, he eventually wins the middleweight championship title against Marcel Cerdan in 1949. A year later, Jake asks Joey if he fought with Salvy at the Copacabana because of Vickie. Jake then asks if Joey had an affair with her; Joey refuses to answer, insults Jake, and decides to leave. Jake directly asks Vickie about the affair and she sarcastically states that she had sex with the entire neighborhood  after he breaks down the bathroom door where she briefly hides from him. Jake angrily walks to Joey\'s house and brutally beats him up in front of Vickie and Joey\'s wife and children. After defending his championship belt in a brutal fifteen round bout against Laurent Dauthuille in 1950,http://www.filmsite.org/ragi3.html he makes a call to his brother after the fight, but when Joey assumes Salvy is on the other end and starts insulting and cursing at him, Jake says nothing and hangs up. Estranged from Joey, Jake\'s career begins to decline slowly and he eventually loses his title to Sugar Ray Robinson in their final encounter in 1951.http://www.tcm.com/thismonth/article/?cidmrqe By 1956, Jake and his family have moved to Miami. After staying out all night at his new nightclub there, Vickie tells him she wants a divorce . He is later arrested for introducing under-age girls  to men and serves a jail sentence in 1957 after failing to raise enough bribe money by taking the jewels out of his championship belt instead of selling the belt itself. In his jail cell, Jake pounds the walls, sorrowfully questioning his misfortune and crying in despair. Upon returning to New York City in 1958, he happens upon his estranged brother Joey, who forgives him but is elusive. Going back to the beginning sequence, Jake refers to the "I coulda been a contender" scene from the 1954 movie On the Waterfront starring Marlon Brando complaining that his brother should have been there for him but is also keen enough to give himself some slack. After a stage hand informs him that the auditorium where he is about to perform is crowded, Jake starts to chant "I\'m the boss" while shadowboxing. The film ends with a Biblical quote. This quote was a reference to Martin Scorsese\'s film professor, Haig Manoogian to whom the film is dedicated as he died just before it was released. Scorsese credits Manoogian with helping him "to see". :"So, for the second time, [the Pharisees] :summoned the man who had been blind and said: :\'Speak the truth before God. :We know this fellow is a sinner.\' :\'Whether or not he is a sinner, I do not know.\' :the man replied. :\'All I know is this: :once I was blind and now I can see.\' :::John IX. 24-26 :::the New English Bible"'] ['The film follows several attendees of the annual White Party in Miami, Florida. The major subjects are: * Tone, a 21 year-old from Dallas, Texas. Tone has attended several previous circuit parties and has gotten in trouble with out of control recreational drug usage. His stated goal is to become a biology teacher but despite having enough college credits to be a senior he has no major. His roommate Scott is very concerned about his drug use and has delivered an ultimatum: if he "fucks up" at the White Party he\'ll be thrown out of the house and out of his roommates\' lives. * Brandon, a 23 year-old UCLA student who\'s never been to a circuit party before. He\'s a friend of Tone\'s and they travel to the party together. Brandon is very firm in his decision not to use drugs at the party and worries that he will be ostracized at the party for his decision. *Floridians Jon, Jason and Tod. Jon is 19 years old. Jason is in his early 20s. Todd is in his mid-30s and has been out for just two and a half years and believes that he\'s "living out [the] adolescence" that as a closeted young gay person he couldn\'t. Jon and Todd have been dating for two years. Before they dated, Tod and Jason dated. Initially there was tension between Jason and Jon but now they\'re best friends. The only reason Jon agreed to attend was that Todd promised that Jon would be the focus of all of Todd\'s attention.  Brandon loses track of Tone, who\'s unconcerned as he seeks out his "circuit friends." Brandon meets Greg, his boyfriend Jeff, and some of his friends and they shop for party outfits. Greg and his group think Brandon is cool, but Brandon initially thinks Greg is a "typical shallow circuit type." As he gets to know them better he realizes that Greg  is deeper than he first thought. Jon and Todd tell of their traumatic experience with the illegal party drug GHB at a previous party. After taking a normal dose, both of them stopped breathing within 30 minutes and were hospitalized on respirators for several days.  Tone is staying sober and not having fun. He meets his friend Matt, who feeds him GHB, rationalizing that if he\'s the one dosing Tone then Matt can control and monitor his usage. Jon catches Todd "fucking around" with another man and breaks up with him on the spot. Despite having observed Jon and Todd\'s bad reactions to GHB, Jason decides to take some. He ends up passed out and Jon and Todd take care of him. Brandon stays true to his decision to stay off drugs. His fears of ostracism prove to be unfounded.  Following their return home, Jon and Todd no longer speak. Several months after the party, Brandon has met a boyfriend and brought him home to meet his mother. Tone continued to party and do drugs until he suffered a mild stroke at age 22. Scott nursed him back to health. Tone entered a rehab center and as of the release date of the film remained clean and sober.'] ["The film revolves around the making of the Vogue September 2007 issue. It depicts the effort that goes into making the magazine, and the passion that Grace Coddington, a former model turned creative director and the only person who dares to stand up to Anna Wintour, has for the highly-regarded fashion magazine. In the film, Coddington is often portrayed as the leading victim to Wintour's aggressive personality. However, the relationship between Wintour and Coddington reveals itself to be symbiotic as Wintour recognizes Coddington's expertise and keen eye for design. In the end, Wintour approves most of Coddington's ideas and they appear in the final version of the September issue."] ['-->  * 5 Goya Awards, includding Best Actor  * 2 Prizes at Montréal World Film Festival * European Film Awards: Best Cinematographer  * Satellite Awards Best Foreign Film nominee'] ['The film opens in Kansas with the discovery of the dead bodies of four of the members of the Clutter family by a family friend. While reading The New York Times, Truman Capote is riveted by the story of the Clutters and calls The New Yorker editor William Shawn to tell him that he plans to document the tragedy. He travels to Kansas with his childhood friend Harper Lee, the author of To Kill a Mockingbird. Capote sets about interviewing those involved with the victims, the Clutter family, with Lee as his go-between and facilitator. Capote is initially brushed off by the Kansas Bureau of Investigation\'s lead detective on the case, Alvin Dewey. Dewey\'s wife, however, is a fan of Capote\'s writing and persuades him to invite Capote and Lee to their house for dinner. She is starstruck by Capote\'s stories of being on movie sets with film stars. Dewey warms up to Capote, and eventually allows him to view the photographs of the victims. The Deweys, Lee, and Capote are having dinner when the suspects are caught. Flattery, bribery and a keen insight into the human condition, facilitates Capote\'s visits to the prison where the suspects ([[Perry Smith  are being held. Capote begins to form an attachment to Perry. Following their trial and conviction, Capote is able to gain access to the murderers by bribing the warden. Capote spends the following years regularly visiting Perry and learning about his life, excepting a year-long stint when Capote abandons Perry and writes the "first three parts" of the book with Jack Dunphy in Morocco and Spain. The story of Perry\'s life, his upset and remorseful manner, and his emotional sincerity impress Capote. The writer becomes emotionally attached to Perry and feels sympathy for him despite his involvement in the murders. Perry refuses to tell Capote what happened on the night of the murders, which greatly angers the writer. Eventually, Perry tells him in great detail. The story becomes a meditation upon the need for redemption even in very grave circumstances. The last appeal is rejected, and Perry and Dick are hanged, Perry\'s hanging being explicitly shown. Truman talks to Harper Lee about the horrifying experience and laments that he could not have done anything to stop it. She replies, "Maybe not; the fact is you didn\'t want to." This is the last line of the film. The next and last scene shows Truman looking at photos and some of the writings and drawings that Perry gave him.'] ["The film examines the case of artist and professor Steve Kurtz, a member of the Critical Art Ensemble . The work of Kurtz and other CAE members dealt with genetically modified food and other issues of science and public policy. After his wife, Hope, died of heart failure, paramedics arrived and became suspicious when they noticed petri dishes and other scientific equipment related to Kurtz's art in his home. They summoned the FBI, who detained Kurtz within hours on suspicion of bioterrorism. As Kurtz could not legally talk about the case, the film uses actors to interpret the story, as well as interviews with Kurtz and other figures involved in the case. Through a combination of dramatic reenactment, news footage, animation, and testimonials, the film scrutinizes post-9/11 paranoia and suggests that Kurtz was targeted because his work questions government policies. At the film's close, Kurtz and his long-time collaborator Dr. Robert Ferrell, former chair of the Genetics Department at the University of Pittsburgh Graduate School of Public Health, await a trial date. {{As of}}, the Buffalo Prosecutor has declined to reopen the case within the 30 day window in which he was allowed to do so. So, Steve Kurtz is free."] ['The film follows Joan Rivers for 14 months, mostly during the 76th year of her life.<ref nameA Comic’s Life and Times: Enter Talking or Mocking|url16 May 2012|newspaper10 June 2010}} The film made an effort to "[peel] away the mask" and expose the "struggles, sacrifices and joy of living life as a ground breaking female performer."'] ['Quills begins during the Reign of Terror, with the incarcerated Marquis de Sade penning a story about the libidinous Mademoiselle Renard, an aristocrat who meets the preeminent sadist in her executioner. Several years later, the Marquis is confined to the asylum at Charenton, overseen by the enlightened Abbé du Coulmier. The Marquis has been publishing his work through laundress Madeleine "Maddy" LeClerc, who smuggles manuscripts through an anonymous horseman to a publisher. The Marquis\' latest work, Justine, is published on the black market to great success. Napoleon orders all copies of the book burned and the author shot, but his advisor, Delbené, tempers this contentious idea with one of his own: send traditionalist Dr. Royer-Collard to look in at Charenton and silence the Marquis. Meanwhile the Abbé teaches Madeleine to read and write and resists his growing attraction to her. Dr. Royer-Collard arrives, informing the Abbé that the Marquis\' "therapeutic writings" have been distributed for public consumption. Horrified, the Abbé rejects Royer-Collard\'s offers of several archaic "treatments" and asks to speak with the Marquis himself, who promptly swears obedience . Royer-Collard takes his leave for the time being and travels to the Panthemont Convent in Paris to retrieve his promised bride, the underage Simone. They are given a run-down chateau by the Emperor, with a handsome young architect, Prouix, on hand for its renovation. The hasty marriage incites much gossip at the asylum, prompting the Marquis to write a farce to be performed at a public exhibition. The audacious play, titled "The Crimes of Love", is interrupted when the inmate Bouchon (British character actor molests Madeleine off-stage, prompting her to hit him in the face with an iron. Royer-Collard shuts down the public theater and demands that the Abbé do more to control the Marquis. Infuriated, the Abbé confiscates the Marquis\' quills and ink, prompting more subversive behavior, including a story written in wine on bedsheets and in blood on clothing. This results in further deprivation, eventually leaving the Marquis naked in an empty cell. One of the maids reveals that Madeleine has been helping the Marquis. Madeleine is whipped on the order of Dr. Royer-Collard until the Abbé stops him by offering himself instead and declaring that she will be sent away. That night she visits his chamber to beg him to reconsider sending her away and confesses her love for him in the process, prompting him to kiss her passionately. He abruptly breaks away at the realization of what he is doing. Madeleine is angry with him the next day and the Abbé is shown as sexually frustrated. While this is occurring at the asylum, Simone has been violently introduced to the adult world by her husband. She unrepentantly purchases a copy of the Marquis de Sade\'s Justine, seduces Prioux, and the young lovers run off together. She leaves behind a letter explaining her actions and her copy of Justine. Upon finding this, Dr. Royer-Collard seizes on the Marquis as the source of his troubles and embarks upon a quest for revenge. About to be sent away from Charenton for her role in assisting the Marquis, Madeleine begs a last story from him, which is to be relayed to her through the asylum patients. Bouchon, the inmate at the end of the relay, is excited by the story, breaks out of his cell, and kills Madeleine. The asylum is set afire by the pyromaniac Dauphin and the inmates break out of their cells. Madeleine\'s body is found by her blind mother and the Abbé in the laundry vat. The Abbé is completely devastated by Madeleine\'s death and Bouchon is captured and imprisoned inside an iron dummy. The Abbé blames the Marquis for Madeleine\'s death and prods him into a fury. The Marquis claims he had been with Madeleine in every way imaginable, only to be told she had died a virgin. The Abbé cuts out the Marquis\' tongue as punishment for his involvement. In a later scene, the Abbé has sex with the corpse of Madeline in a dream. The Marquis\' health declines severely, though perverse as ever, he decorates his oubliette with a story, using feces as ink. As the Abbé finishes reading the last rites, he offers the Marquis a crucifix to kiss, which he swallows and chokes on, thus committing suicide. A year later, the new Abbé du Maupas arrives at Charenton and is given the grand tour. The asylum has been converted into a print shop, with the inmates as its staff. The books being printed are the works of the Marquis de Sade. At the end of the tour, the new Abbé meets his predecessor, who resides in the Marquis\' old cell. Yearning to write, he begs paper and a quill from the Abbé, who is herded off by Royer-Collard, now overseer of the asylum. However, the peephole opens, and Madeleine\'s mother thrusts paper, quill, and ink through. The Abbé begins to scribble furiously, with the Marquis providing the narration.{{cite web}}'] ['Frankie is a black woman who has two alters: Genius, a seven-year-old child, and Alice, a Southern white racist woman, with whom Frankie struggles more to overcome. Her disorder occurred as a result of a traumatic incident in her childhood which she has repressed. With the help of her psychiatrist she receives the help she needs in order to live a life close to normal.'] ['Spanning the years 1947-1960, the film follows the maturation of Ah-ha  as he and his family  cope with the shock of leaving their homeland . Having been only a child during the move, Ah-ha quickly acclimates himself to the new country, often putting him at odds with his more traditional family; he joins a street gang and has to choose between that life and taking the college entrance exam.'] ['In 1980, Zaldívar was a 13-year-old who had grown up as a loyalist of the Cuban Revolution jeering in the streets at the thousands of "Marielitos" leaving the island by boat for the United States. Within weeks, he was a Marielito himself, headed with the rest of his family for a new life in Miami. Now a U.S.-based filmmaker, Zaldívar recounts the strange twist of fate that took him across one of the world\'s most treacherous stretches of water in 90 Miles.  As related by Zaldívar in the intensely personal and evocative film, arrival in South Florida is only the beginning of the family\'s struggle to comprehend the full meaning of their passage into exile. What follows is an intimate and uneasy accounting of the historical forces that have split the Cuban national family in two, and which shape the passage of values from one generation to the next.  90 Miles was filmed over five years, as the filmmaker returned to Cuba in 1998 to visit his hometown of Holguín, and again in 1999 as a guest of the Havana Film Festival. Using news clips, family photos and home movies, the film creates a portrait of recent Cuban history, as dramatized by one family\'s aspirations and disappointments. Zaldívar\'s is a tale rich in crossed borders, crossed loyalties and cross-cultural ferment. In the early 1980s, during the Mariel boatlift, he was not just a child of the Cuban Revolution, but a highly promising one. He had done very well in Cuba\'s free education system, receiving a scholarship to study film and television at a government boarding school. As such, he was an enthusiastic supporter of the Castro regime, and happy to join in the regime\'s efforts to publicly humiliate some of the thousands of Cubans who were leaving in the boatlift, labeling them gusanos .  One of Zaldívar\'s uncles who had fled to the U.S. in the 1960s offered to arrange the family\'s boatlift to Florida — on the condition that all or none of the family go. The family was reluctant to interrupt the lives of their children — Zaldívar and his two sisters — if the siblings were not willing. While Zaldívar\'s older sister was happy in Cuba, she was much less politically inclined than Zaldívar and more willing to follow her family into exile. So the decision fell, for all practical purposes, on Zaldívar.  Faced with the sudden possibility of leaving the country, Zaldívar\'s family revealed to him, for the first time, their ongoing disillusionment with the Cuban Revolution. Out of this difference of opinion, innocuous enough in Cuba, grew a cruel dilemma for the child. In the end, unable to deny his family the opportunity to start anew in Florida and deciding to place blind trust in his parents, Zaldívar agreed to go.  In the United States, though homesick and nostalgic for his homeland and surprised both by what he liked and disliked about North American life, Zaldívar resumed learning and growing with the headstrong adaptability so often demonstrated by youth. He continued his media studies, moved to New York, became a filmmaker and came out as a gay man. Similarly, his two sisters made happy lives, marrying and having children.  Interestingly, it is the older generation, which had most wanted to come to Florida, that experienced the greater problems. Zaldívar\'s father, especially, grew depressed and remote from his son after arriving. The father\'s dream of building his own home in Cuba, derailed by the Revolution, seemed to lose its power in the United States, where many Cuban men find themselves working jobs well below their professional level. Feeling betrayed by the Cuban Revolution and defeated by the \'American Dream,\' Zaldívar\'s father withdrew into himself. Where Zaldívar\'s revolutionary zeal in the home country had created a divide of silence between father and son, in the U.S., the father\'s sense of failure and futility only widened the gap.  90 Miles is the account of Zaldívar\'s quest to piece together the twists — and consequences — of his family\'s journey into exile. Above all, it is a search for understanding and healing between father and son, by uncovering the emotional distance opened up by just 90 miles of water between Cuba and the U.S. mainland.'] [' In a posh London gallery, Carolyn Dalgleish  prepares a showing of the latest works by John Bolton; disturbing portraits of beautiful, vicious vampiric women he encountered whilst pot holing. The Interviewer  collects information on Bolton, who seems to perplex those who work with him and collect his art (like radio personality Jonathan Ross . Bolton appears to review the placement of the paintings before the opening. Eccentric and detached, Bolton is uncomfortable with the amount of attention being paid to him. Forced to give a speech at that evening\'s party , Bolton quietly states that he simply "paints what he sees." Following the gala, Bolton is interviewed at home by Brigstocke. Bolton again proves elusive with answers about his art, though he does  agree to have his work habits filmed for the first time . As dusk approaches, Bolton takes the Interviewer to his studio, located in the basement of an ancient monastery and graveyard. As the hours drag on, Bolton shows no signs of getting started , and the Interviewer finally leaves. Filming himself as he walks out of the graveyard, the Interviewer spots two ghostly women  moving towards him. The camera falls to the ground, and the film closes on Bolton\'s latest work: a pale woman, with zebra stripes running up her leg, feasting on human flesh.'] ['This is the story of a man fighting with all his might for his life and his freedom. Eleuterio  embarks upon an action-packed future, fuelled by the notions of freedom and dreams of living just as his countrymen, ever-growing in his mind. Nothing and no-one can stop him. After escaping the Puerto de Santa María prison, the reunion with his family is just the beginning of what will become an endless escape.'] [':See the article Amadeus about the stage play that the film is based on for some notes on the historical accuracy of the script. The story begins in 1823 as the elderly Antonio Salieri  attempts suicide by slitting his throat while loudly begging forgiveness for having killed Mozart  in 1791. Placed in a lunatic asylum for the act, Salieri is visited by Father Vogler ([[Richard Frank , a young priest who seeks to take his confession. Salieri is sullen and uninterested but eventually warms to the priest and launches into a long "confession" about his relationship with Mozart. Salieri\'s tale goes on through the night and into the next day. He reminisces about his youth, particularly about his devotion to God and his love for music and how he pledges to God to remain celibate as a sacrifice if he can somehow devote his life to music. He describes how his father\'s plans for him were to go into commerce, but suggests that the sudden death of his father, who choked to death during a meal, was "a miracle" that allowed him to pursue a career in music. In his narrative, he is suddenly an adult joining the 18th century cultural elite in Vienna, the "city of musicians." Salieri begins his career as a devout, God-fearing man who believes his success and talent as a composer are God’s rewards for his piety. He is content as the court composer for Holy Roman Emperor Joseph II . Mozart arrives in Vienna with his patron, Count Hieronymus von Colloredo , the Prince-Archbishop of Salzburg. Salieri secretly observes Mozart at the Archbishop\'s palace, but they are not properly introduced. Salieri sees that offstage, Mozart is irreverent and lewd. He also first recognizes the immense talent displayed in the adult works of Mozart. In 1781, when Mozart meets the Emperor, Salieri presents Mozart with a "March of Welcome," which he toiled to create. After hearing the march only once, Mozart plays it from memory, critiques it, and effortlessly improvises a variation, transforming Salieri\'s "trifle" into the "Non più andrai" march from his 1786 opera The Marriage of Figaro. Salieri reels at the notion of God speaking through the childish, petulant Mozart: nevertheless, he regards his music as miraculous. Gradually, Salieri’s faith is shaken. He believes that God, through Mozart\'s genius, is cruelly laughing at Salieri\'s own musical mediocrity. Salieri\'s struggles with God are intercut with scenes showing Mozart\'s own trials and tribulations with life in Vienna: pride at the initial reception of his music, anger and disbelief over his subsequent treatment by the Italians of the Emperor\'s court, happiness with his wife Constanze ([[Elizabeth Berridge  and his son Karl, and grief at the death of his father Leopold . Mozart becomes more desperate as the family\'s expenses increase and his commissions decrease. When Salieri learns of Mozart\'s financial straits, he sees his chance to avenge himself, using "God\'s Beloved"  as the instrument. Salieri hatches a complex plot to gain ultimate victory over Mozart and God. He disguises himself in a mask and costume similar to one he saw Leopold wear at a party, and commissions Mozart to write a requiem mass, giving him a down payment and the promise of an enormous sum upon completion. Mozart begins to write the piece, the Requiem Mass in D minor, unaware of the true identity of his mysterious patron and oblivious of his murderous intentions. Glossing over any details of how he might commit the murder, Salieri dwells on the anticipation of the admiration of his peers and the court, when they applaud the magnificent Requiem, and he claims to be the music\'s composer. Only Salieri and God would know the truth—that Mozart wrote his own requiem mass, and that God could only watch while Salieri finally receives the fame and renown that he deserves. Mozart\'s financial situation worsens and the composing demands of the Requiem and The Magic Flute drive him to the point of exhaustion as he alternates work between the two pieces. Constanze leaves him and takes their son with her. His health worsens, and he collapses during the premiere performance of The Magic Flute. Salieri takes the stricken Mozart home and convinces him to work on the Requiem. Mozart dictates while Salieri transcribes throughout the night. When Constanze returns in the morning, she tells Salieri to leave. Constanze locks the manuscript away despite Salieri\'s objections, but as she goes to wake her husband, she finds that Mozart is dead. The Requiem is left unfinished, and Salieri is left powerless as Mozart\'s body is hauled out of Vienna for burial in a pauper\'s mass grave. The film ends as Salieri finishes recounting his story to the visibly shaken young priest. Salieri concludes that God killed Mozart rather than allow Salieri to share in even an ounce of his glory, and that he is consigned to be the "patron saint of mediocrity." Salieri absolves the priest of his own mediocrity and blesses his fellow patients as he is taken away in his wheelchair. The last sound heard before the credits roll is Mozart\'s high-pitched laughter, implied to be God laughing at Salieri.'] ['The film explores the childhood of Jeffrey Dahmer  and his relationship with his father, Lionel , all during a trial in late 1991.'] ['Rather than providing a straightforward biography, the film weaves fantasy sequences with scenes containing somewhat fictionalized accounts of events in Darin\'s life, and throughout it, the adult singer interacts with his younger self. It chronicles his determination to rise from his working class Italian-American roots as Walden Robert Cassotto, a frail Bronx boy plagued by multiple bouts of rheumatic fever, and become a singer more famous than Frank Sinatra. To achieve that goal, he forms a band and struggles to find gigs at any nightclub that will hire him. His agent gets Darin a recording contract with Atlantic Records, where the singer enjoys teen idol success with "Splish Splash". Not wanting to limit his appeal to rock and roll audiences, he changes his niche to big band singing and records major hits, such as "Mack the Knife." To capitalize on his popularity with teenage and young adult audiences, Darin is cast in Come September opposite Sandra Dee. He falls in love with the 18-year-old actress and, determined to marry her, he woos her with songs like "Beyond the Sea" and "Dream Lover." The two finally elope, angering her mother. Darin finally realizes his own mother\'s dream when he is signed to appear at the famed Copacabana nightclub in Manhattan. As his success takes him on the road and away from home, Dee begins to drink heavily, and the couple fights frequently. Eventually they separate, then later reconcile. She gives birth to their son Dodd, and Darin is nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance as a shell shocked soldier in Captain Newman, M.D. When Darin becomes involved in the campaign to elect Robert F. Kennedy for President and contemplates a political career of his own, his sister Nina, knowing his past will be investigated closely if he opts to enter the political arena, shocks him with the news his beloved mother actually was his grandmother and he is Nina\'s illegitimate child, the son of a father she can\'t identify. Devastated, Darin becomes a recluse living in a trailer on the Big Sur coast in California. He finds himself out of step with changing music trends, and when he tries to adapt by incorporating folk music and protest songs into his repertoire, he finds himself rejected by the audience that once embraced him. Undaunted, he stages a show, complete with a gospel choir, at the Flamingo Hotel in Las Vegas, and against all odds it is a huge success. But his triumph is short-lived - suffering with blood poisoning following surgery to repair his mechanical heart valve, he\'s rushed to the hospital, where he dies at the age of 37. Following his death, he meets the younger counterpart of himself once again, and the two duet with "As Long as I\'m Singing."'] ['Emmett Foley  is an American hero of the Korean War who attempts to commit suicide, first by provoking local police and then by shooting himself in the chest. After his recovery, he is sent to the Florida State Hospital, an institution in Chattahoochee, Florida, where he fights against doctors and staff who are terrorizing and torturing their patients. His efforts eventually led to sweeping reforms in the Florida mental health system.'] ['Edie Sedgwick  is a young heiress studying art in Cambridge, Massachusetts. She moves to New York City, where she is introduced to Pop Art painter and film-maker Andy Warhol . Intrigued by the beautiful socialite, he asks her to perform in one of his underground movies. Soon she is spending time with him at The Factory, his studio and also the hangout of a group of eccentrics, some of them drug addicts. Her status as Warhol Superstar and success as a fashion model gain her popularity and international attention. Her Cambridge friend Sid introduces her to poet and singer Billy Quinn , a character based on Bob Dylan. Andy becomes jealous, so Edie tries but fails to keep her love affair with Billy a secret. To reconcile them, she arranges a meeting. Although he agrees to be filmed by Andy, when Billy visits the studio he shows his contempt. As he is leaving, she tries once more to make peace, but Billy calls Andy a "bloodsucker" who will "kill" her. Seeing that she will stay, he kisses her forehead. As addiction takes its toll, Edie\'s relationship with Andy deteriorates. One night while in a drug-induced stupor, she falls asleep while smoking a cigarette and nearly dies in the ensuing fire. Vogue refuses to hire her; editor Diana Vreeland  explaining that Edie is considered "vulgar". Interrupting a luncheon of Andy and his friends, she demands to be paid and accuses him of ruining her. When Sid sees her again, she has become a prostitute. In a taxi, he shows Edie, who is very depressed, a photo of herself when they were art students. He says that he fell in love with her then, and tells her that she can still be an artist. She says that she cannot bear her loneliness but interrupts him, asking the driver, "Can we go?" When the driver says that they are stuck in a traffic jam, she leaves the cab and runs frantically down the street. The scene changes to a hospital, years in the future. She tells an interviewer that she is overcoming her addiction and is glad to be home in Santa Barbara. The closing caption explain the last few years, her struggle to control drug abuse and her marriage to another patient, which ended in less than four months when she died of an overdose.'] ['The film covers the life of John Reed and Louise Bryant from their first meeting to Reed\'s final days in 1920 Russia. Interspersed throughout the narrative, several surviving "witnesses" from the time period give their recollections on Reed, Bryant, their colleagues and friends, and the era itself. A number of them have mixed views of Bryant and her relationship with Reed. In 1912, married socialite Bryant encounters the radical journalist John "Jack" Reed for the first time at a lecture in Portland, Oregon, and she is intrigued with his idealism. Upon meeting him for an interview on international politics which lasts over the course of a night, she realizes that writing has been her only escape from her frustrated high society existence. Inspired to leave her husband, Bryant joins Reed in Greenwich Village, New York City, and becomes acquainted with the local community of activists and artists, including anarchist and author Emma Goldman and the playwright Eugene O\'Neill. Later, they move to Provincetown, Massachusetts, to concentrate on their writing, becoming involved in the local theatre scene. Through her writing, Louise becomes a feminist and radical in her own right. Reed becomes involved in labor strikes with the "Reds" of the American Communist Labor Party. Obsessed with changing the world, he grows restless, and heads for St. Louis to cover the 1916 Democratic Convention. During Reed\'s absence, Louise falls into a complicated affair with the alcoholic playwright Eugene O\'Neill. Upon his return, Reed discovers the truth about the affair and realizes he still loves Louise. The two marry secretly and make a home together in Croton-on-Hudson, north of New York City, but still have conflicting desires. When Reed admits to his own infidelities, Bryant takes ship to Europe to work as a war correspondent. After a flare-up of a kidney disorder, Reed is warned to avoid excessive travel or stress, but he decides to take the same path. Reunited as professionals, the two find their passion rekindled as they are swept up in the fall of Russia\'s Czarist regime and the events of the 1917 Revolution. The second part of the film takes place shortly after the publication of Ten Days that Shook the World. Inspired by the idealism of the Revolution, Reed attempts to bring the spirit of Communism to the United States, because he is disillusioned with the policies imposed upon Communist Russia by Grigory Zinoviev and the Bolsheviks. While attempting to leave Europe, he is briefly imprisoned and interrogated in Finland. He returns to Russia and is reunited with Bryant at the railway station in Moscow. By this point, Reed is growing progressively weaker as a result of his kidney disorder. Bryant helps nurse the ailing Reed, who passes away. In fact, Reed is the only American to be buried in the Kremlin.'] ['Abram  lives in Haran, a rich city. His wife Sarah  is childless, and their only heir is Eliezer of Damascus. One day he hears the voice of God, who says that he must leave Haran and travel to an unknown land. God promises to make a great nation from him and renames him Abraham . The pattern for the plot is the Genesis chapters 11-25.'] ['Ian Curtis  and Debbie Woodruff  marry in 1975 in their home town of Macclesfield at ages 19 and 18, respectively. Ian retreats from domestic life, preferring to write poetry in solitude. In July 1976 they attend a Sex Pistols concert with Bernard Sumner , Peter Hook ([[Joe Anderson , and Terry Mason , who are starting a band. Mesmerized by the concert, Ian volunteers to be their singer. They name themselves Warsaw, and Terry moves into a managerial role with the addition of drummer Stephen Morris . The band debuts 19 May 1977 and soon rename themselves Joy Division. Ian and Debbie finance their first EP, An Ideal for Living . During his job as an employment agent, Ian witnesses a seizure suffered by Corinne Lewis . Unsatisfied with the brief mention Joy Division receives from television host Tony Wilson , Ian demands that that he put the band on his program. In April 1978 Joy Division plays a battle of bands, impressing Tony and Rob Gretton , who becomes their new manager. They perform "Transmission" on Tony\'s program and sign to his Factory Records label; Tony signs the contract using his own blood. In December 1978 Ian suffers a seizure on the way back from the band\'s first London gig; He is diagnosed with epilepsy and prescribed medications that leave him drowsy and moody. Learning that Corinne Lewis has died of a seizure, he pens "She\'s Lost Control" about her. He begins to neglect Debbie, who gives birth to their daughter Natalie in April 1979. Ian quits his job to go on tour, leaving Debbie to work and care for the baby. Ian admits to Belgian journalist Annik Honoré  that he is miserable at home and considers his marriage a mistake. The two begin having an affair during Joy Division\'s January 1980 European tour. On returning home, Ian tells Debbie he is unsure if he still loves her. During the recording of "Love Will Tear Us Apart", Rob informs the band that they will be departing 19 May for a tour of the United States. Debbie finds evidence of Ian\'s infidelity and confronts him. He promises that the affair is over, but continues to see Annik during the recording of Closer in Islington. Ian suffers a seizure mid-performance and is comforted by Annik, who admits she is falling in love with him. He attempts suicide by overdosing on phenobarbital but doctors save his life. He continues to perform, but is exhausted by the strain and overwhelmed by the audience\'s expectations. At a performance at the Derby Hall the stress proves too much and he is unable to go onstage. The audience riots when Alan Hempstall  of Crispy Ambulance steps in to cover for Ian, and the gig is ruined. Ian tells Tony that he believes everyone hates him and that it is his own fault. When Debbie learns that Ian is still seeing Annik, she demands a divorce. Bernard attempts to use hypnotherapy on Ian, who then goes to stay with his parents. He writes to Annik admitting his fear that his epilepsy will eventually kill him, and confesses that he loves her. On 17 May 1980, two nights before Joy Division is due to depart for America, Ian returns home and begs Debbie not to divorce him. When she refuses, he angrily orders her out of the house. After drinking alone and writing Debbie a letter, he has another seizure. Regaining consciousness the following morning, he hangs himself from the clothes line in the kitchen. Debbie discovers his body and staggers into the street, crying for help. The news of Ian\'s death leaves the remaining Joy Division members stunned, while Tony consoles Annik. Ian\'s body is cremated.'] ['It is a semi-autobiographical film about her life as an actress who is looked at as a sex object, so she goes through a busy phase of her life by travelling across Europe to rescue a friend from an abusive relationship and she also wins an award while in Milan, then she travels to Los Angeles to meet with greedy film producers and also falls in love with a rock and roll star, then finds out she is pregnant, then begins to use drugs to help her feel better. Scarlet Diva was shot entirely on digital video.'] ["A stevedore in Thessaloniki, Greece, Salamo Arouch's passion is boxing. Captured along with his family and fiance Allegra in 1943 and interned in Auschwitz, Arouch is used by his SS captors as entertainment, forced to box against fellow prisoners. He knows that if he refuses, his family will be punished; if he wins, he will be given extra rations which he can share with them; if he loses, he will be sent to the gas chamber. As his family and friends die around him, he has only his love of Allegra and his grim determination to keep him alive. The film follows the early life story of Salamo Arouch, though it takes some artistic liberties including the early introduction of wife Allegra , whom Arouch did not actually meet until after the liberation of the camp.{{cite journal}}"] ["The film begins as a chronicle of Rick Ray's journey through India to interview Tenzin Gyatso. The film switches between present and recent past, with stages of the trip introducing sections on the personal history of Tenzin Gyatso, the process used to select a Dalai Lama and Gyatso's journey into exile. The interview with Tenzin Gyatso begins midway through the film. This section is inter-cut between sections addressing philosophical questions and current affairs. The film also features the daily life of Tenzin Gyatso, his international peace efforts and his work with Tibetan refugees. The film features interviews with a Buddhist monk who fled violence in Tibet and Tenzin Tethong, who has served in the Tibetan Government in Exile for 20 years. Towards the end, the film touches on the issues of internet censorship in China, changes in Tibetan culture, and the 11th Panchen Lama controversy."] ['The Lion in Winter is set during Christmas 1183, at King Henry II\'s château and primary residence in Chinon, Anjou, within the Angevin Empire of medieval France. Henry wants his youngest son Prince John  to inherit his throne, while his estranged wife Queen Eleanor of Aquitaine  favours their oldest surviving son Prince Richard the Lionheart  as heir. Meanwhile, King Philip II of France, the son and successor of Louis VII of France, Eleanor\'s ex-husband, has given his half-sister Alais, who is currently Henry\'s mistress, to the future heir, and demands either a wedding or the return of her dowry.  As a ruse, Henry agrees to give Alais to Richard and make him heir-apparent. He makes a side deal with Eleanor for her freedom in return for Aquitaine, to be given to John. When the deal is revealed at the wedding, Richard refuses to go through with the ceremony. Having believed Henry\'s intentions, John, at the direction of middle brother Prince Geoffrey, Duke of Brittany , plots with Philip to make war on England. Henry and Phillip meet to discuss terms, but Henry soon learns that Phillip has been plotting with John and Geoffrey, and that he and Richard were once lovers. Henry dismisses all three sons as unsuitable, and locks them in the dungeon. He makes plans to travel to Rome for an annulment, so that he can have new sons with Alais, but she says he will never be able to release his sons from prison or they will be a threat to his future children. Henry sees that she is right and condemns them to death, but cannot bring himself to kill them, instead letting them escape. He and Eleanor go back to hoping for the future, with Eleanor going back on the barge to prison, laughing it off with Henry before she leaves. Although the background and the eventual destinies of the characters are historically accurate, The Lion in Winter is fictional; none of the dialogue or action is historical. Although there was a Christmas court at Caen in 1182, there was no Christmas Court at Chinon in 1183. In reality, Henry had many mistresses and many illegitimate children; the "Rosamund" mentioned in the film was his mistress until she died. The article on the Revolt of 1173–1174 describes the historical events leading to the play\'s events. As a matter of historical record, Richard the Lionheart succeeded Henry II, and was followed by John.'] ['The story opens in the 1950s, after the Korean War; it has been more than a decade since James Whale, director of Frankenstein and Bride of Frankenstein, has retired. He lives with his long-time housemaid, Hanna, who loyally cares for him but disapproves of his homosexuality. Whale has suffered a series of strokes that have left him fragile and tormented by memories: growing up as a poor outcast, his tragic World War I service, and the filming of The Bride of Frankenstein. Whale slips into his past, and indulges in his fantasies, reminiscing about gay pool parties and also tormenting a starstruck fan who comes to interview him. Whale battles depression, at times contemplating suicide, as he realizes his life, his attractiveness, and his health are slipping away. Whale befriends his young, handsome gardener and former Marine, Clayton Boone and the two begin a sometimes uneasy friendship as Boone poses for Whale\'s sketches. The two men bond while discussing their lives and dealing with Whale\'s spells of disorientation and weakness from the strokes. Boone, impressed with Whale\'s fame, watches The Bride of Frankenstein on TV as his friends mock the movie, his friendship with Whale, and Whale\'s intentions. Boone assures Whale that he is straight and receives assurance from Whale that there is no sexual interest, but Boone storms out when Whale graphically discusses his sexual history. Boone later returns with the agreement that no such "locker room" discussions occur again. Boone is invited to escort Whale to a party hosted by George Cukor for Princess Margaret. There, a photo op has been arranged for Whale with "his Monsters": Boris Karloff and Elsa Lanchester from "ancient" movie fame. This event exacerbates his depression. A sudden rain storm becomes an excuse to leave. Back at Whale\'s home, Boone needs a dry change of clothes. Whale can only find a sweater, so Boone wears a towel wrapped around his waist. Whale decides to try to sketch Boone one more time. After some minutes, he shows his sketches to Boone, disclosing that he has lost his ability to draw. Boone drops his towel to pose nude. Whale uses the opportunity to make a sexual advance on Boone. Boone becomes enraged and attacks Whale, who confesses that this had been his plan and begs Boone to kill him to relieve him of his suffering. Boone refuses, puts Whale to bed, then sleeps downstairs. The next morning, Hanna is alarmed when she can\'t find Whale, prompting a search by Boone and Hanna. Boone finds Whale floating dead in the pool, as a distraught Hanna runs out clutching a suicide note. Boone and Hanna agree that Boone should disappear from the scene to avoid a scandal. The film closes roughly a decade later as Boone and his young son, Michael, watch The Bride of Frankenstein on television. The son is skeptical of the claim that his father knew Whale, but Clayton produces a sketch of the Frankenstein monster drawn by Whale, and signed, "To Clayton. Friend?" "Friend?", being a plea from the original misfit, Frankenstein\'s monster, and disclosing Whale\'s true intentions.'] ['The film begins with Reilly recounting his childhood and his parents in New York City and Connecticut. We meet his family—an institutionalized father, a racist, baseball bat-wielding mother, and a lobotomized aunt, amongst others. "Eugene O’Neill would never get near this family," Reilly declares. Prior to being put into an institution, Reilly’s father, a Paramount Pictures poster artist and illustrator, was offered the chance to go into business with another illustrator with the intention of making their first animated film in color together. The catch was simply that the senior Mr. Reilly would have to move himself and his family to California. Perhaps a defining moment in young Reilly’s life, his father asked his mother her thoughts and she unceremoniously rejected the possibility. The other illustrator went west without the senior Mr. Reilly as a partner. That other illustrator was named Walt Disney. After this missed opportunity, Reilly\'s father began drinking heavily and eventually had a nervous breakdown. Upon being institutionalized, the family was forced to move out of the Bronx up to Connecticut to live with Mrs. Reilly’s family. When Reilly turned eighteen, he moved to New York City. "If you wanted to be an actor in those days," he explains, "You did something that’s really unheard of today… you studied." Young and hungry , Reilly managed to find an acting class at New School. Its rather liberal open door policy allowed aspiring actors admission even if they didn’t have the money to pay. Reilly’s class was taught by a young, award-winning, soon-to-be-legendary actress, Uta Hagen. In the class were such future stars and notables as Steve McQueen, Jerry Stiller, Anne Meara, Hal Holbrook, Jason Robards, Geraldine Page and Gene Hackman. It was a group of future Academy Award, Tony Award and Emmy Award winners, and, as Charles explains, "We wanted to go on the stage, none of us had any money, and this entire list… couldn’t act for shit." It was about this time when a friend of Reilly\'s arranged a meeting with a powerful NBC executive. Reilly went in and was told, "They don’t let queers on television." In retrospect, Reilly describes it as, "A short meeting." Despite the apparent prejudice against him, his talent and tenacity landed him on Broadway, winning his first Tony Award for his role in How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying, as well as leading roles in the original Broadway casts of Bye Bye Birdie and Hello, Dolly! Reilly went on to become a fixture in television appearing in numerous episodes of Car 54, Where Are You?, The Ghost & Mrs. Muir, and starring in Lidsville. He also made hundreds of guest appearances on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson, second in number of appearances only to Bob Hope, and had a more recent memorable guest spot on The X-Files. Over the years, he developed a habit of looking through the week’s TV Guide to see how many times he would be on TV that week. Coming in at over a hundred separate appearances, he reflected on the NBC executive who told him he would not be allowed on television—but now Reilly wondered, "Who do I have to fuck to get off?!" Success came to Reilly’s professional life, and he has used all the knowledge and expertise he has gained through a lifetime spent acting to teach. His longtime friend Burt Reynolds gifted him a theater in which to teach the craft of acting, and it has fulfilled Reilly ever since. As we leave him in what he calls "The twilight of an extraordinary life", we see a portrait of an artist, a victim of prejudice who rose above it, a trailblazing comedic personality, an entertainer, a son, a teacher, and a man laid bare for all to see.'] ['Introspective artist Blake is buckling under the weight of fame, professional obligations and a mounting feeling of isolation. Dwarfed by towering trees, Blake slowly makes his way through dense woods. He scrambles down an embankment to a fresh spring and undresses for a short swim. The next morning he returns to his house, an elegant, if neglected, stone mansion. Many people are looking for Blake—his friends, his managers and record label, even a private detective—but he does not want to be found. In the haze of his final hours, Blake will spend most of his time by himself. He avoids the people who are living in his house, who approach him only when they want something, be it money or help with a song. He hides from one concerned friend and turns away another. He visits politely with a stranger from the Yellow Pages sales department, and he ducks into an underground rock club. He wanders through the woods and later plays a new song, one last rock and roll blowout. Finally, alone in the greenhouse, Blake takes his own life. A spectre of the musician, naked, slowly climbs out of his dead body and up the wall.'] ['Actress Suzanne Vale  is a recovering drug addict trying to pick up the pieces of her acting career and get on with her life after being discharged from a rehab center to kick a cocaine-acid-Percodan habit; after overdosing while on a date, her mother admitted her to the rehab center from the emergency room. When she is ready to return to work her agent advises her the studio\'s insurance policy will cover her only if she lives with a "responsible" individual such as her mother Doris Mann  who was the reigning musical comedy star of the 1950s and \'60s. Suzanne is loath to return to the woman she struggled to escape from for years after growing up in her shadow. The situation is not helped by the fact that Doris is loud, competitive, manipulative, self-absorbed and given to offering her daughter unsolicited advice with insinuating value judgments while treating her like a child. Unaware that producer Jack Faulkner  is the one who drove her to the hospital during her last overdose, Suzanne agrees to go out with him. During the course of a passionate first date, he professes intense and eternal love for her and she believes every word is true. She learns from Evelyn Ames , a bit player in her latest film, that Jack is sleeping with Evelyn as well. Still dressed in the costume she wears as a uniformed cop in the schlock movie, Suzanne drives to Jack\'s house and confronts him. As their argument escalates, Jack implies that Suzanne was much more interesting when she was trying to function while under the influence. At home, Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne\'s sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money. This leads to a verbal brawl between the two women, and Suzanne storms out to go to a looping session. There the paternalistic director Lowell Korshack  tells her he has more work for her as long as she remains clean and sober. Suzanne arrives home and discovers that Doris has crashed her car into a tree after drinking too much wine . Suzanne rushes to her hospital bedside where the two have a heart-to-heart talk while Suzanne fixes her mother\'s makeup and arranges a scarf on her head to conceal the fact she bloodied her wig in the accident. Looking and feeling better, Doris musters her courage and faces the media waiting for her. Suzanne runs into Dr. Frankenthal , who had pumped her stomach after her last overdose, and he invites her to see a movie with him. She declines, telling him she\'s not ready to date yet. Dr. Frankenthal tells her he\'s willing to wait until she is. In the film\'s closing moments Suzanne performs "I\'m Checkin\' Out", a foot-stomping Country Western number, for a scene in Lowell Korshack\'s new film.'] ['The film tells the story of Orton and Halliwell in flashback, framed by sequences of Lahr researching the book upon which the film is based with Orton\'s literary agent, Peggy Ramsay. Orton and Halliwell\'s relationship is traced from its beginnings at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts. Orton starts out as the uneducated youth to Halliwell\'s older faux-sophisticate. As the relationship progresses, however, Orton grows increasingly confident in his talent while Halliwell\'s writing stagnates. They fall into a parody of a traditional married couple, with Orton as the "husband" and Halliwell as the long-suffering and increasingly ignored "wife" . Orton is commissioned to write a screenplay for The Beatles and Halliwell gets carried away in preparing for a meeting with the "Fab Four", but in the end Orton is taken away for a meeting on his own. Finally, a despondent Halliwell kills Orton and commits suicide.'] ['The film is set in Coalwood, West Virginia in the year 1957. The coal mine is the town\'s largest employer and almost every man living in the town works in the mines. John Hickam ([[Chris Cooper , the mine superintendent, loves his job and hopes that his boys, Jim  and Homer , will one day join him in his mine. When it appears that Jim will receive a football scholarship to attend college, this leaves Homer to fulfill his father\'s dream, although his mother, Elsie , hopes for more for her son. In October, news of the Soviet Union\'s rocket launch of Sputnik 1 reaches Coalwood. As the townspeople gather outside the night of the broadcast, they see the satellite orbit across the sky. Filled with awe and a belief that this may be his chance out of Coalwood, Homer sets out to build rockets of his own and enter the science fair. Initially, his family and later his classmates think he has gone crazy and is wasting his time, especially when he teams up with Quentin Wilson ([[Chris Owen , the school\'s math geek who also has an interest in rocket engineering. With the help of his friends, Roy Lee Cooke  and Sherman O\'Dell , and support from their science teacher, Miss Riley , the four try out their new passion. While their first launches are failures, they begin experimenting with new fuels and rocket designs. After several successful launches, the local paper runs a story about them. The next day, they are arrested — accused of having started a forest fire with a rocket that had gone astray. After Homer\'s father picks him up from the police station, Roy Lee is seen getting beat up by his stepfather, Vernon. Homer\'s father intervenes and rescues Roy Lee, warning the drunken man that, even though Roy Lee\'s father is dead, he will fight for Roy Lee as Roy Lee\'s father would have. In a rare display of emotion, he tells Roy Lee that Roy\'s father was one of the best men who ever worked for him. The arrest, along with Homer\'s father\'s lack of support, crushes the boys\' dreams. After a mine disaster, Homer\'s father is injured rescuing "... a dozen men [who] would have died...", though one other miner does die . Homer drops out of high school and works the mine to provide for the family while his dad recovers. Later, Homer is inspired to look at a rocket science book Miss Riley gave him, and learns how to calculate rockets\' trajectories. This shows him that their lost rocket could not have caused the fire, as it was unable to travel that far. Homer and Quentin recover the rocket in a stream just about where they figure it should have landed. The boys present their findings to Miss Riley, the school principal, and the police. Chagrined, Principal Turner identifies the offending projectile as a flare from a nearby airfield. Homer returns to school, and the boys return to rocket making, and win a school science fair. The school sends Homer to the national science fair in Indianapolis, Indiana. That night, John is almost shot by a man in a black car outside. John, with Homer and Jim in tow, exits the house to see who fired. John shouts "Vernon!" realizing this was apparently revenge for the threats John gave Roy Lee\'s stepfather earlier. Homer and Jim express their concern about this to their father, but John passes it over, bitterly telling Homer to go "look for his suitcase" . Fed up, Homer confronts his father and a heated argument ensues. Homer storms out of the house, vowing to never return or look back. Homer goes to and enters the fair. His display goes over very well, but when he leaves to go sightseeing, someone steals his de Laval nozzle, as well as his autographed picture of Wernher von Braun. Homer makes an urgent phone call home for help. His mother convinces Homer\'s father to end the ongoing strike so that Mr. Bolden can build a replica of the stolen nozzle. John bitterly refuses but gives in when Elsie, fed up with his lack of support for their son, threatens that she will have to leave him. With the help of the contributors back in his home town, Homer wins the top prize and is besieged with scholarship offers from colleges. He is also congratulated by his inspiration Dr. von&nbsp;Braun, but in the confusion does not learn the engineer\'s identity until after he is gone. Homer returns to Coalwood as a hero, and visits Miss Riley, who is now ill with Hodgkin\'s disease. He shows her the medal he has won, and she responds touchingly. A launch of their largest rocket yet  is the last scene of the film.  Homer\'s father finally shows up for a launch, and is given the honor of pushing the firing button. As the rocket streams upward, the film shows the view from the perspectives of many characters. As the group looks up to the rocket, John slowly puts his hand on Homer\'s shoulder and smiles. Homer is invited to take one last look at the coal mine with his father. A series of vignettes  tells the later lives of the real characters upon which the movie was based.'] ["Taking a look back from Romero's first television commercials onward, the documentary chronicles the career and stylistic techniques of Dawn of the Deads director, George A. Romero."] ["The film opens on a beach in Malibu, where Tobolowsky recounts a miraculous swim he took on an earlier birthday. It continues in the kitchen of his home, as he boils sausages for his guests and recounts stories about his early auditions in Los Angeles. After some stories in the backyard, where he is grilling the sausages, the guests arrive. Then Stephen entertains his guests with stories about being nominated as one of 100 coolest people in LA, being in a rock 'n' roll band, and working on such films as Bird on a Wire and Mississippi Burning. The film ends in the dark of night with a few leftover guests in his candlelit backyard and a tribute to his close friend Bob Darnell. Among the guests at the party are the actors Mena Suvari, Amy Adams, and his wife, Ann Hearn."] ["The film loosely follows Britain's most prolific hangman, Albert Pierrepoint , from the time he is first trained for the job and accepted onto the list of the country's official hangmen in 1932 until his resignation in 1956."] ["The story focuses on Scottish writer J. M. Barrie, his platonic relationship with Sylvia Llewelyn Davies, and his close friendship with her sons, who inspire the classic play Peter Pan, or The Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up. Following the dismal reception of his latest play, Little Mary, Barrie meets the widowed Sylvia and her four young sons in Kensington Gardens, and a strong friendship develops between them. He proves to be a great playmate and surrogate father figure for the boys, and their imaginative antics give him ideas which he incorporates into a play about boys who do not want to grow up, especially one named after troubled young Peter Llewelyn Davies. His wife Mary, who eventually divorces him, and Sylvia's mother Emma du Maurier, object to the amount of time Barrie spends with the Llewelyn Davies family. Emma also seeks to control her daughter and grandsons, especially as Sylvia becomes increasingly weak from an unidentified illness. Producer Charles Frohman skeptically agrees to mount Peter Pan despite his belief it holds no appeal for upper-class theatergoers. Barrie peppers the opening night audience with children from a nearby orphanage, and the adults present react to their infectious delight with an appreciation of their own. The play proves to be a huge success. Because Sylvia is too ill to attend the production, Barrie arranges to have an abridged production of it performed in her home. She dies shortly afterward, and Barrie finds that her will is to have him and her mother to look after the boys; an arrangement agreeable to both."] ['The story opens in the late 1970s in the Pennines, where Tony Wilson , reporting for Granada Television embarks on a hang gliding adventure, despite not having any training. After crashing several times and receiving a "rather unfortunate" injury to his coccyx, he walks away, then turns to the camera, breaking the fourth wall, saying the scene was symbolic of what is to come on many levels. Wilson is dissatisfied with his job as a television news reporter, finding stories like the hang-gliding stunt unfulfilling, telling his producer, Charles ([[John Thomson , "I\'m a serious fucking journalist ... I went to Cambridge." Wilson then attends a concert in June 1976 at Manchester Lesser Free Trade Hall by the Sex Pistols . Despite only being attended by 42 people, Wilson cites the concert as a great historical event that would inspire attendees to "go out and perform wondrous deeds". For his part, Wilson, the host of a music show, So It Goes, decides to move beyond just putting bands on television and get into promoting concerts. With some friends, actor Alan Erasmus  and Rob Gretton , Wilson starts a weekly series of punk rock shows at a Manchester club. It is during the opening night, and a performance by a band Gretton manages called Joy Division, that Wilson is caught by his wife, Lindsay , getting fellatio from a woman in the back of the club owner Don Tonay \'s "nosh van". She then retaliates by having sexual intercourse in a toilet cubicle with the Buzzcocks\' Howard Devoto , and is caught by Tony . The real Devoto, portraying a janitor cleaning the bathroom sink, then turns to the camera a few seconds after Wilson passes him by and says "I definitely don\'t remember this happening." Wilson continues in the music business, and with his friends, starts Factory Records, signing Joy Division , led by erratic, brooding lead singer Ian Curtis , as the first band. Showing his dedication, Wilson prepares a record contract for the band, written in his own blood, giving the artists full control over their music. Irascible producer Martin Hannett  is hired to record Joy Division, and though he is difficult to work with – he orders Joy Division drummer Stephen Morris, to dismantle his drum kit and reassemble it on the roof of the studio – the results are the work of genius, and soon Joy Division have a hit record. The success is short-lived, however, when, just before Joy Division is to tour the United States, Curtis commits suicide by hanging himself. The news is broken to Wilson as he is preparing to do a news report about a Chester town crier, and the distraught Wilson asks the crier to report on Curtis\' death. Joy Division beat the odds and survive the death of their lead singer, going on to rename themselves New Order, and record the hit song "Blue Monday". Factory Records continues with the building of its nightclub, The Haçienda, with an opening night performance by Factory band A Certain Ratio in front of less than 40 customers. The Haçienda shown in the film was not the real club, but a replica built in a Manchester factory space; the original club was closed in 1997 and demolished in 2002, replaced by luxury apartments. The exterior of the building is used in some scenes.{{cite news}} Another hit band, the Happy Mondays, are signed, and the beginning of the ecstasy-fuelled rave culture is witnessed. Despite all the success, Factory Records is losing vast amounts of money, both on The Haçienda and on recording its bands. In one scene, Erasmus points out  that the label is actually losing 5 pence for every copy of the 12-inch single for "Blue Monday" that is sold because the intricately designed packaging by Peter Saville costs more than what the records are being sold for. Saville is additionally portrayed for having a reputation for missing deadlines, turning in posters and tickets for club dates after the events have already occurred. The Factory partners try to save the label by selling it to London Records, but when it is revealed that Factory does not hold valid contracts with any of its artists, the deal falls through. Other troubles include the drug use by the Happy Mondays\' Shaun Ryder , who holds the master tapes for the band\'s troubled fourth studio album hostage until Wilson gives him some money. When the master tape is played, it turns out that Ryder, despite being hailed by Wilson as "the greatest poet since Yeats", was unable to write any lyrics , so all the tracks to the album, expensively recorded in Barbados, are instrumentals. Hannett has also become unpredictable, attempting at one time to shoot Wilson with a pistol. He has a falling out with Factory Records over finances, and spirals into decline due to alcohol and drug abuse and weight gain, and dies aged 42. Meanwhile, various aspects of Wilson\'s life are glossed over, and Wilson takes a moment to acknowledge this, quickly skimming over his divorce from his first wife, Lindsay, his second marriage and children, and his relationship with beauty queen Yvette Livesey . His own drug problems and professional difficulties are also glossed over. "I\'m a minor character in my own story," Wilson explains, saying that the stories about the music, as well as Manchester itself, are more important.'] ['Most of the story is told in flashbacks, starting with Hoffa first meeting Ciaro and ending with one version of Hoffa\'s mysterious disappearance. Hoffa and Ciaro are first seen impatiently waiting in the parking lot of a diner in 1975. Others are late for a meeting. Asked if he wants to leave, Hoffa gives Ciaro a scornful glance. The first flashback to 1935 then occurs: A young Jimmy Hoffa approaches a parked truck, inside of which driver Ciaro is taking a nap. Hoffa talks to him about the benefits of joining the Teamsters. He gives Ciaro a business card, on which he has written: "Give this man whatever he needs." A few days later, Ciaro reports to work to find Hoffa attempting to organize the workers. Hoffa blurts out about their ride together and Ciaro is fired. He later accosts Hoffa with a Bowie Knife, but is persuaded to drop it at gunpoint by Hoffa\'s associate Billy Flynn. Ciaro joins the pair in the arson bombing of a laundry whose owner has refused to cooperate with the Teamsters. Flynn is badly burned and dies. Ciaro succeeds him as Hoffa\'s right-hand man. Another flashback shows a Teamsters strike. While strikers fight with non-union workers and police, Hoffa is taken to a local Mafia boss. Ciaro, who speaks Italian, comes along. An alliance between the Teamsters and the mob is formed. Hoffa meets Carol  D\'Allesandro, who would become his closest mob ally. Hoffa rises to the presidency of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. His illegal activities include the use of Teamster funds to provide loans to the mob. At a Congressional hearing, Hoffa is questioned by Robert F. Kennedy regarding his suspicious union activities.  The tension between Kennedy and Hoffa grows, especially after John F. Kennedy is elected U.S. President and brother Bobby becomes Attorney General. Hoffa is betrayed by a junior associate, Peter Connelly, in court. The evidence used against him are the plans he wrote on the back of a hunting license. He surrenders to federal officials and serves time in a Pennsylvania federal prison while Frank Fitzsimmons takes his place as Teamsters boss. Ciaro, also convicted and imprisoned, is freed before Hoffa and immediately begins working for his boss\'s release. D\'Allesandro suggests that the Teamsters endorse Richard M. Nixon for President, the idea being that in exchange for Teamster endorsement, Hoffa will receive a presidential pardon. Hoffa gets out and expects to again run the Teamsters, but learns that one of the conditions of his release is that he is ineligible to run the union for ten years. Hoffa meets with D\'Allesandro and is shown screaming at the gangster that Hoffa wants Fitzsimmons dead; the tirade is laced with various obscenities and descriptive suggestions as to what to do with a few of Fitzsimmons\' body parts. D\'Allesandro tells Hoffa that he\'s \'too hot\' and that \'I can\'t get close to it\'. Hoffa leaves with the matter unresolved. Some time later, Hoffa tells D\'Allesandro  that unless the matter of Fitzsimmons can be settled , Hoffa will go to the press and detail his dealings with D\'Allesandro. D\'Allesandro then tells Ciaro to tell Hoffa that \'everything\'s gonna be all right\' and also that Ciaro should tell Hoffa \'I know he doesn\'t mean it\' and that they should all meet the next day at \'The Roadhouse\', a local diner. Hoffa and Ciaro spend several hours waiting for D\'Allesandro in the parking lot of the diner but he never arrives. A purported union driver  who had been waiting in the diner, allegedly for a part for his truck, reveals himself to be a \'hit man\' after gaining the trust of Ciaro during short conversations over the course of the long wait. Just exactly who sent this \'hit man\' is not revealed, however, the implication is that he was sent by D\'Allesandro in retaliation for Hoffa\'s threat to \'go to the press\'. Hoffa is gunned down in the back seat of his car and Ciaro is shot while attempting to come to Hoffa\'s aid. Ciaro\'s body is dumped on top of Hoffa\'s and the car is driven into the back of a large truck that had driven up as the shootings were taking place.  The camera focuses on the roll-up door of the truck showing the different state plates, implying a final bit of irony: that Hoffa\'s dead body is being transported, in all likelihood, by a Teamster driver. The truck drives off into the sunset and the movie ends.'] ["The film depicts the relatively primitive medical practices of the time and the suppositions that physicians made in their efforts to understand the human body. After King George III begins to go mad, his doctors attempt cures such as blistering and purges, led on particularly by the Prince of Wales' personal physician, Dr Warren. Meanwhile, another of the King's physicians, Dr. Pepys, analyzes the King's stool and urine believing that body wastes may contain some clue to the Royal malady; of course, none of these attempts to cure the King actually works. Finally, Lady Pembroke, attendant to the Queen, recommends Dr. Willis, an ex-minister who attempts to cure the insane through behavior modification, and who begins his restoration of the King's mental state by enforcing a strict regime of strapping the King into a waistcoat and restraining him whenever he misbehaves. Meanwhile, the Prince of Wales has been scheming to have himself made Prince Regent, at which point he will effectively be King. He allies with the opposition, led by Charles Fox, to Prime Minister William Pitt's increasingly unpopular government. Tensions rise as the day of the Prince's appointment as Regent draws near, but Dr Willis is making good progress with the King, managing to bring him from his raving and violent state of mind back to a level of normality. As he improves, the King becomes less eccentric, and even manages to recite Shakespeare. Once the Lord Chancellor, Baron Thurlow, hears of the King's rapid recovery, the race begins to get the King to Parliament in time to stop the Prince of Wales being appointed Regent. They arrive just in time, the Prince's plans are thwarted, and King George returns to the throne and to the loving company of his wife the Queen."] ["The film follows 18 months in the life of Viola Dees  as she tries to persuade Los Angeles authorities that she can care for her grandson, 9-year-old Walter. Born to a drug addicted mother, Walter was in foster care until Dees managed to get him released into her care at the age of four. He was a very disturbed child, traumatized by the death of his father and the disappearance of his mother, while still appearing bright and sweetly loving to his grandmother. The film focuses on the continuous battle against age discrimination faced by Dees and many like her. While contending with her own declining health, and a bureaucratic and legal system that continually threatens to force them apart, Dees fights the misconception that age supersedes one's ability to love and care for a child. The film continues to follow the family when life deals them several blows. Dees suffers a heart attack, provoking hostile and disturbed behavior from Walter who burns their house down when he sets a magazine ablaze in his room. When Walter is admitted to a psychiatric hospital, the doctors determine that Dees is no longer able to handle her grandson, and will not release him to her until she agrees to place him in long-term residential care. After a challenging search, Walter is accepted at an appropriate facility and thrives during his year there. However, when treatment is completed, social workers determine that Dees is too frail to care for him, and Walter is placed in a foster home. Walter's aunts and uncles are unable to take him in, possibly because they feel unqualified to deal with his often threatening and troubled behavior."] ['Born and raised in a small Tennessee town, Anna Mae Bullock  grows up in an unhappy family, with her parents later leaving and abandoning her and her sister. Following her grandmother\'s death, she relocates to St. Louis, reuniting with her mother and close sister Alline. Anna Mae pursues a chance to be a professional singer after seeing charismatic bandleader Ike Turner perform one night. Later she wins her spot in Turner\'s band after singing onstage and he begins mentoring her. In time, an unexpected romance develops between the two after she moves in Ike\'s home. Shortly afterwards, they marry and begin having musical success together as Ike and Tina Turner. The marriage quickly turns violent when Ike Turner starts physically dominating her, leaving her no chance to escape. In public, Tina Turner rises from local St. Louis phenomenon into an R&B superstar with Ike Turner growing increasingly jealous of the attention given to her. Ike turns to drugs and his abusive behavior worsens. As Tina seeks solace in her chaotic life, a friend turns her on to Buddhism, eventually convincing her that it will help "change her life". Tina grows increasingly confident afterwards and in a final fight with Ike finally musters the courage to defend herself, eventually leaving Ike after they arrive to a hotel. Winning the right to retain her stage name after their divorce, Tina continues working to pay bills. She gets a break after meeting Roger Davies, who eventually helps her realize her dreams of rock stardom. Despite Ike\'s attempts to win her back, Tina Turner eventually prevails and finds solo success, accomplishing her dreams without Ike.'] ['The film opens in 1936, New York City, where Billie Holiday  is being placed under arrest. After being finger-printed and placed into a straight jacket, Billie is locked in a jail cell. The film then flashes back to 1928. Billie has an encounter with a rapist . She is rescued by a madame . After returning to her Aunt Ida\'s ([[Lynn Hamilton  house, Billie accidentally leaves the door open, puts on a record, giving the rapist the chance to slip inside; Billie is raped. Following the incident, Billie runs away to her mother , eventually being escorted to the house by a police officer. Mama Holiday feeds Billie and sets up a job to clean at a brothel in the Harlem section of New York City. The brothel itself is run by an arrogant, selfish owner named Ms. Edson , who pays Billie very little money. One night, Billie sneaks into a nightclub/bar with black showgirls, owned by Jerry . Jerry tries to get rid of Billie, who claims that she knows every single song out to date. She sees Louis McKay , he smiles at her, then a guard comes, picks Billie up and kicks her out of the nightclub. Eventually, Billie tires of scrubbing floors at the brothel and becomes a prostitute. After impulsively quitting prostitution, Billie heads to the club she was once kicked out of, and auditions with the showgirls. Jerry tells her to leave when she does not quite catch up with the girls\' dancing moves. Billie then speaks to a man, who becomes her best friend; Piano Man , who plays the song "All of Me". Jerry then witnesses her talent for singing, and books her for a show, beginning Billie\'s career as a singer. Billie debuts at the nightclub. Her set is not successful with the audience which ends up booing her. Louis, who surprisingly arrives at Billie\'s debut, giving her fifty dollars. Billie, then takes the money, and sings "Them There Eyes". Louis mysteriously disappears during Billie\'s set. Billie takes a liking to Louis and begins dating him. Eventually, she is discovered by two men: Harry  and Reg Hanley , who sign her as a soloist for their southern tour in hopes of landing a radio network gig. During the tour, Billie experiences an overwhelming, and fateful moment; she witnesses the aftermath of the lynching of an African-American man, which presses her to record one of the most controversial songs in history . The harsh experiences on the tour result in a dependency on drugs, which are supplied by Harry. One night when Billie is performing, Louis comes to see Billie and waits for her in her dressing room. He knows that she is doing drugs and tells her she is going home with him, he loves her and that it is for her own good. He tells her he can tell by her singing voice that she is on drugs, but she denies being \'hooked.\' She promises to stay off the drugs if he stays with her. He says again that she should go home with him, but she firmly refuses, but again promises no drugs. Billie continues to tour the South to equally disastrous personal results. Back in New York, Reg and Louis manage to arrange her radio debut, but the station does not call her to sing; unfortunately, her work on the tour has been for naught: the radio sponsors object to her race. The group heads to Cafe Manhattan to drown their sorrows. Billie has too much to drink and she asks Harry for drugs, saying that she doesn\'t want her family to know that the radio show upset her. He refuses and she throws her drink in his face. She is ready to leave, but Louis has arranged for her to sing onstage at the Cafe, a club where she once aspired to sing. She obliges with one song but refuses an encore, leaving the club in urgent need of a fix. Louis, more than suspicious that she\'s broken her promise to clean up, takes her back to his home, where she has been staying, but refuses to allow her access to the bathroom and her kit. She fights Louis for it, going so far as to pull a razor on him. Saddened, Louis leaves her to shoot up, telling her he doesn\'t want her there when he comes back. Their relationship has come to an end. She returns to the Harlem nightclub, where her drug use is intensified until, upon news of the death of her mother in the hospital, she is prompted to check herself into a drug clinic. Unbeknownst to her, she cannot pay for her own treatment. The hospital secretly calls Louis, who comes to see her and agrees to pay her bills without her knowledge. Impressed with the initiative she\'s taken to try to straighten herself out, Louis proposes to her at the hospital and leaves to purchase a ring. Just as things appear to be looking up, she is arrested for having been in possession of narcotics and removed from the controlled environment of the clinic. In prison, without any medical supervision or assistance, Billie is going through crippling withdrawal. Louis brings the doctor from the hospital to treat her, but she is incoherent. He puts a ring on her finger to remind her of his promise, but must leave the jail cell. Soon, Billie has done her time and comes home. She tells her friends that she doesn\'t want to sing anymore. Billie marries Louis and pledges not to continue her career. However, the lure of performing is too strong and she returns to singing with Louis serving as her manager. Unfortunately, her felony conviction has stripped her of her Cabaret Card, which would allow her to sing in NYC nightclubs. To restore public confidence and influence the Commission to reinstate her license, Billie agrees, at Louis\' urging, to embark on a cross-country tour. Over the following months, Billie\'s career takes off on the nightclub circuit. Unfortunately, Louis leaves for New York to help arrange a comeback performance for her at Carnegie Hall, leaving Billie to head to California without him. Despondent at Louis\' absence and the seemingly never-ending stream of venues, with them no nearer to their goal of Carnegie Hall, Billie succumbs to a moment of weakness. She asks her friend, known only as Piano Man, to pawn the ring Louis had given her and to use the money to buy drugs for her; reluctantly, he agrees. While they are in the throes of their high that evening, Piano Man\'s drug connections arrive, more than a little upset; apparently, he had neither pawned her ring nor paid for the drugs he procured. Piano Man is fatally beaten by the dealers while Billie witnesses the brutal attack. Ironically, within the hour, Louis and her promoter Bernie call a hysterical Billie with news that they got her Carnegie Hall. Louis returns to find a very fragile Billie; it is obvious that she is quite traumatized and has fallen back into drugs after the murder. Louis packs her up and takes her back to New York. Billie plays to a packed house at Carnegie Hall. Her encore, "God Bless the Child," is overlayed with newspaper clippings highlighting subsequent events: the concert fails to sway the Commission to restore her license; subsequent appeals are denied; she is later re-arrested on drug charges; and finally, "Billie Holiday Dead at 44." Nevertheless, the Carnegie triumph is frozen in time.'] ['Joan is brought to trial. Her judges try to make her say something that will discredit her claim or shake her belief that she has been given a mission by God to drive the English from France, but she remains steadfast. One or two of them, believing that she is indeed a saint, support her. The authorities then resort to deception. A priest reads to the illiterate prisoner a false letter supposedly from her king, telling her to trust in the bearer. When that too fails, Joan is taken to view the torture chamber, but the sight, though it causes her to faint, does not intimidate her. When she is threatened with burning at the stake, she finally breaks and allows a priest to guide her hand in signing a confession. However, she soon recants and is publicly executed.Dreyer, Carl Theodor. Four Screenplays. Bloomington & London: Indiana University Press. 1970. ISBN 253-12740-8. pp. 27-76.'] ["In 1982, Toronto bank employee Dan Mahowny  is given access to bigger and bigger accounts with his promotion to assistant branch manager. His boss trusts him but is unaware that Mahowny is a compulsive gambler. Mahowny is soon skimming larger and larger amounts for his own use and making weekly trips to Atlantic City, where he is treated like a king by a greedy casino manager . Mahowny's girlfriend, fellow bank employee Belinda , can't understand what is happening. Mahowny's criminal acts come to light when Toronto police begin to investigate his longtime bookie . The movie's focus is on Mahowny as a character—how his compulsion drives him and all the domino effects it has on the rest of his life. The love story between Mahowny and Belinda and the inclusion of other finely drawn characters such as hapless casino employee Bernie  put the emphasis squarely on the gambling addiction, not on the flash and sizzle of big casinos or multi-million-dollar frauds. Film critic Roger Ebert named Owning Mahowny one of the top ten films of 2003.Ebert, Roger, Awake in the Dark: The Best of Roger Ebert. Chicago: The University of Chicago Press, 2006, ISBN 0-226-18200-2, p. 453. Review by Roger Ebert, May 16, 2003."] ['Kunjunni\'s  parents separate soon after his birth, and he\'s left to be cared by his mother, void of paternal care and affection. He is brought up by his mother with the help of his grandmother, an estimate manager and his friend Meenakshi , the daughter of a maid servant working in Kunjunni\'s house. Inspired by his Uncle , who was initially a Gandhian, and eventually a Marxist, Kunjunni finds himself drawn to left-wing ideologies during his studies at college, believing that communism is the answer to healing all social hardships and inequalities. Eventually he joins an extremist Marxist group, and his affairs land him in trouble. After an attack at a police station, Kunjunni is arrested and taken to court, but later acquitted of all charges. Kunjunni finds himself maturing with experience, yet he feels lonely and disillusioned. Kunjunni tries to turn his life around, and sets off on a quest to try to find his childhood friend Meenakshi and he do so and marry her. Later he sells all his property to a new rich man ([[Mukesh ,whose father was once a servant in Kunjuni\'s house.Then he move to an ordinary house and try to live in a normal family life with his wife and son.One day one of his old day college junior , a journalist, arrives to his home for an interview but Kunjunni denies it. Later Kujunni, with help of his journalist friend, publishes his first story "Karaksharangal" but due to its Marxist supporting content and revealing nature, government banned it. When Kunjunni read this news in newspaper with his family, he began to laugh. Then he and his family laugh together at this dirty world, which reveals that the revolution had not yet happened completely.'] ['In 1969, Hunter Adams  is a troubled man who voluntarily commits himself into a mental institution. Once there, he finds that helping his fellow inmates gives him a purpose in life and earns the nickname "Patch". Because of this he aspires to become a medical doctor and two years later enrolls at Virginia Medical University, being the oldest first year student. He questions the school\'s approach to medical care, and clashes with the school\'s Dean Walcott , who believes that doctors must treat patients and not bond with them as people. Because of this and other incidents, including a prank during a medical conference, he is expelled from the school, although he is later reinstated due to his methods actually improving the health of patients. Adams encourages medical students to cultivate relationships with nurses and learn their interviewing skills early, and argues that death should be treated with dignity and even humor. Adams begins a friendship with fellow student Carin Fisher , and develops his idea for a medical clinic built around his philosophy of treating patients through humor and compassion. With the help of Arthur Mendelson , a wealthy man who was a patient whom Patch met while in the mental hospital, he purchases 105 acres  in West Virginia to construct the future Gesundheit! Institute. Together with Carin, medical student Truman Schiff , and some old friends, he renovates an old cottage. When they get the clinic running, they treat walk-in patients without medical insurance, and perform comedy sketches for them. Carin and Patch\'s friendship soon turns into romance. She reveals to him that she had been molested as a child, distancing herself from men and dreaming of becoming a butterfly to escape her torment, but Patch reassures her that she can overcome her pain to help others. Encouraged, Carin wants to help a disturbed patient, Lawrence "Larry" Silver , by visiting him at home. Larry turns out to be far more disturbed than anybody expected, and murders Carin, turning the shotgun on himself soon after. Patch is devastated and guilt-ridden by Carin\'s death. He reconsiders his outlook, and questions the goodness of humanity. He contemplates suicide and questions God for what happened. He then turns to see a butterfly which reminds him of Carin and hope, and so decides to continue his work in her honor. However he is dismissed from the school for a second time because he ran a clinic and practiced medicine without a license. He files a grievance with the state medical board at the advice of his former Med school roommate, Mitch Roman , and must attend a hearing where it is decided whether he can graduate. Patch is able to convince the board in a final speech that he did his best to help the people that came to him, and as a doctor it is his responsibility to treat the disease of the body as well as a person\'s spirit regardless of outcome. The jury accepts Patch\'s medical methods and decides to allow him to graduate. He receives a standing ovation from the packed hearing room. Even at graduation, Patch cannot help but be a non-conformist. After handing Adams a diploma, Walcott approves of Patch\'s conformity, to which Patch bows to the professors and the audience, revealing his nude bottom under his gown.'] ["For six years, director Daniel Cross followed the lives of brothers Danny and John Claven and Frank O'Malley—three homeless men who spent much of their time in and around a Montreal subway station. Cross became intimately involved with the three men's lives, chronicling the evolution of their years on the street, and their cycles of addiction and recovery, hope and despair. The Street was filmed in a cinema verité style. The Steet was the winner of a Special Jury Award for Documentaries at the Vancouver International Film Festival in 1996 and the People's Choice Award at the 1997 Canadian International Documentary Film Awards in TorontoOfficial text from NFB page of the documentary"] ['In 1970, Katie Standon , a girl who has been imprisoned in her room  since the age of one, is now 13 years old. Her mother Louise , has taken enough abuse from her domineering husband Wes ; she gets her son, Billy , to help her and Katie escape their home. At a welfare office a social worker notices something peculiar about Katie and guesses her age to be about seven while, in fact, she is thirteen. Katie is taken to Children\'s Hospital, and Louise and Wes find themselves being arrested for "what authorities are calling the worst case of child abuse they\'ve ever seen". Shortly before his trial begins, Wes kills himself. The doctors and psycholinguists investigating the case form the "Katie Team", a group of experts dedicated to helping Katie learn to speak and interact with others. One of the team members, Judy Bingham , a special education teacher, sees Katie as a pawn whom she can use to attain international fame. She claims Katie will make her "the next Anne Sullivan." UCLA graduate student Sandra Tannen  is one of the people who appears to have Katie\'s welfare at heart. Katie comes to live with Dr. Norman Glazer  who works at Children\'s Hospital, and his family, where she stays for four years. His family helps Katie become a civilized human being. Although Katie shows outstanding progress in some things , she never really learns grammatical structure. Meanwhile, Louise has surgery to remove her cataracts and visits Katie off and on. When Katie turns fourteen, the funding for her help is cut off and she returns to Louise\'s care. Soon, it comes to the point where Louise does not know how to handle Katie herself, and Katie gets placed in another foster home. One day, Katie is physically reprimanded for vomiting and responds by never eating or speaking because she was afraid if she opened her mouth she would vomit and be punished again. Sandra does all that she can to make sure that Katie is handled in the proper way and even has Norman help her. Katie is taken back to Children\'s Hospital, and Sandra is suggested by social services to have Katie live with her. Before any decisions are made about this, Louise takes Katie out of the hospital and puts her in another foster home. Sandra isn\'t allowed to say goodbye to Katie. Louise even threatens to take legal action on Sandra if Sandra ever sees Katie again. Sandra finally asks Louise why Katie was placed in extreme isolation before her discovery. Louise tells the entire story; Wes loved his mother very much, and when she died due to an accident, he projected his feelings for her on Katie. After a doctor examined Katie sometime later, she was diagnosed to be retarded and Wes locked her up, afraid that the doctors might take her away. Because Louise was going blind, he took care of Katie. Sandra then leaves the house, running into Judy again. It is now clear that she knew Louise for a long time. Sandra and Judy have a quick argument, after which Judy enters Louise\'s house, leaving Sandra almost crying. At this point, different kinds of footage of Katie appear on screen; Sandra looks at tape recordings of Katie on her TV. She then is seen writing something on a typewriter, while her voice addresses the viewers; she\'s hoping to see Katie once more. The camera then turns to her and her boyfriend, now holding a baby of their own. The screen fades while she sings the "Hush, Little Baby" lullaby. The screen fades, and footage of Katie on the beach can be seen. Messages appear, saying what has happened to everyone after the movie: Judy continues to harass the "Katie Team" until her death in 1988; Louise, who is now once again blind, resides in a South-Californian nursing home; Sandra Tannen is now a professor of linguistics at the UCLA and has two teenage daughters, however, she is still not allowed to have any contact with Katie, who lives in a foster home nearby. The last message before the screen turns black and the credits appear, reads: "Katie\'s inability to master a language proved the legitimacy of the Critical Period Hypothesis".'] ['a/k/a Tommy Chong is a film depicting Tommy Chong of Cheech and Chong and his legal problems with The Department of Justice. Filmmaker Josh Gilbert follows the tale of Chong as he becomes a target in a government sting, code named "Operation Pipe Dreams". Tommy Chong was the only defendant without a prior conviction to receive a jail sentence. The federal government stated that the reason that it sought this harsh punishment was because of the comedy movie Up In Smoke trivialized the government\'s anti-drug efforts. The documentary discloses that Tommy Chong\'s son, who actually ran the company which sold the paraphernalia was never charged or indicted by the Federal government. In May 2008 federal agents raided the owner of the distribution rights to this DVD. The documentary is critical of the prosecution of Chong by the U.S. federal government led by the U.S. attorney for western Pennsylvania, Mary Beth Buchanan.'] ["This historical drama recounts the events that led to the accession of Catherine the Great, Empress of all the Russias. The film opens with the arrival of Princess Sophie Auguste Frederika – whose name would be changed to ‘Catherine’ – from her father’s court of Anhalt-Zerbst  to the court of the Empress Elizabeth. “Little Catherine” is to marry the Grand Duke Peter, nephew and heir apparent of the unmarried and childless Empress Elizabeth. Peter already displays signs of mental instability and a sharply misogynist streak. He rejects Catherine on their wedding night, reacting to something innocently said by his French valet, claiming that she used feminine tricks to win him over. In time though, Peter accepts her and they have a happy marriage for a while. Meanwhile, Catherine gains important experience of government from working as principal aide to the empress. The empress dies and Peter becomes tsar, but his mental illness is starting to get the better of him, along with sheer boredom in the job. Catherine still loves him despite beginning a very public love affair with one of her best friends – until one night when Peter goes one step too far in publicly humiliating his wife. She ceases to love him, which enables her to be clear-headed in supporting a planned coup d'état. The following morning, he is arrested and Catherine is made Empress of All the Russias. The elevation is marred by Peter’s murder that very morning, contrary to Catherine’s command. Grigory Orlov explains that everything has a price, and the crown has the highest price of all. The film ends, with Catherine in tears on her throne, while the cheers of the crowds are heard outside."] ['The film jumps between various sections of Bruce\'s life, including scenes of when he was in his prime and the burned-out, strung-out performer who, in the twilight of his life, used his nightclub act to pour out his personal frustrations. We watch as up-and-coming Bruce courts his "Shiksa goddess", a stripper named Honey. With family responsibilities, Lenny is encouraged to do a "safe" act, but he cannot do it. Constantly in trouble for flouting obscenity laws, Lenny develops a near-messianic complex which fuels both his comedy genius and his talent for self-destruction. Worn out by a lifetime of tilting at Establishment windmills, Lenny Bruce dies of a morphine overdose in 1966.'] ['At Christmas 1958 in Hungary, the body of Éva Szalánczky, an apparent murder victim, is recovered from a forest. In hospital, Livia Horváth, bandaged around her neck is recuperating, and is told that she will be unable to live her life as before; the reason is not made explicit. The lesbian Éva, already known to the authorities for her private life, begins a new job as a journalist at The Truth, a weekly periodical, and meets the married Livia when the two women share an office. The attraction is immediate, but Livia is initially resistant. Late at night, while kissing in darkness on a park bench, the women are discovered by a policeman, who warns Livia that her husband and employer will be informed if she is found in the same uncompromising position again. Éva is arrested, but soon released. At a collective farm, Éva finds the authorities have blocked an attempt at a more democratic way of organising their cooperative venture. Her understanding editor, a supporter of the short-lived government of the recently executed Imre Nagy, refuses to publish the article, and she resigns before she is sacked. Éva and Livia have a brief affair. The previously mild Dönci Horváth, an army officer, shoots his wife while she in the bath after her confession of love for Éva. Livia survives and her husband is imprisoned for the offence. At the hospital, Livia rejects Éva, who then journeys to the countryside. At night, Éva is challenged to stop walking by border guards, but is shot dead when she fails to do.'] ['The rogue  who would later call himself Eugène François Vidocq is born in a prison cell, the twelfth child of a woman who steals a loaf of bread each time she needs shelter to give birth. As the boy grows into a man, he is constantly in and out of jail. As the story begins, he and his cutpurse cellmate and associate, Emile Vernet , escape using a file hidden in a birthday cake provided by Vernet\'s aunt Ernestine. While making their way to Paris, they are hired to pose for a painter , Vidocq as Saint George and Vernet as the dragon. As the church painting nears completion, the pair steal the horse on which Vidocq is posing. In Paris, Uncle Hugo , the head of Vernet\'s criminal family, decides the safest place for the fugitives is in the army. He has a forger relative provide Vidocq with a fake commission as a lieutenant. After two years, the pair leave the army. Returning to Paris, Lieutenant "Rousseau" encounters a singer named Loretta . She is intrigued with him, while he is more attracted to her ruby garter. Accompanying her when she goes to meet her boring admirer, Vidocq manages to steal the garter. As Vidocq and Vernet make a detour around the church adorned by their likenesses, they come across the jewel-laden Marquise De Pierremont . Vidocq wrangles an invitation to her chateau after retrieving her pet monkey from a cemetery . He is a bit alarmed when he discovers that his intended victim\'s son-in-law is the Minister of Police , but also enchanted by the official\'s daughter Therese . Unbeknownst to him, she had fallen in love with the image of Saint George, and is greatly disturbed by the uncanny resemblance to their guest. Vidocq and Vernet steal and hide the jewels, intending to return for them later. However, when the minister fires Richet , his chief of police, for not recovering the jewels, Vidocq devises a much grander scheme. Through "deduction", he leads the minister to the hiding place of the jewels, and wins for himself Richet\'s old job. In that capacity, he gets Vernet\'s relatives hired at the Bank of Paris, which he intends to rob. A complication arises when he bumps into Loretta, who turns out to have married her beau, Richet. After learning his new identity, Loretta blackmails Vidocq into resuming their relationship. Vidocq tells Vernet to go ahead with the robbery that night. That day, he goes out walking with Loretta and her younger sister Mimi. When they are alone, Loretta informs him that she has figured out that he stole the jewels. However, she does not care. She is quite willing to follow him, even if it means embarking on a life of crime. Meanwhile, a jealous Richet bursts in on his wife and threatens to kill himself. Instead, in a fit of anger brought on by her cold response, he shoots and kills her. With that impediment out of the way, Vidocq informs the Vernet clan that he has changed his mind; he will hunt them down if they go through with the robbery. Nearly everyone is content with their new jobs - all that is except Emile. He ambushes his former friend, forcing Vidocq to kill him. Then he confesses to the minister. He is forgiven by all of the De Pierremonts and welcomed into the family.'] ['In the early days of World War II, Cohan comes out of retirement to star as President Roosevelt in the Rodgers and Hart musical I\'d Rather Be Right. On the first night, he is summoned to meet the President at the White House, who presents him with a Congressional Gold Medal . Cohan is overcome and chats with Roosevelt, recalling his early days on the stage. The film flashes back to his supposed birth on July 4, whilst his father is performing on the vaudeville stage. Cohan and his sister join the family act as soon as they can learn to dance, and soon The Four Cohans are performing successfully. But George gets too cocky as he grows up and is blacklisted by theatrical producers for being troublesome. He leaves the act and hawks his songs unsuccessfully around producers. In partnership with another struggling writer, Sam Harris, he finally interests a producer and they are on the road to success. He also marries Mary, a young singer/dancer. As his star ascends, he persuades his now struggling parents to join his act, eventually vesting some of his valuable theatrical properties in their name. Cohan retires, but returns to the stage several times, culminating in the role of the U.S. President. as he leaves the White House, he performs a dance step down the stairs . Outside, he joins a military parade, where the soldiers are singing "Over There." Not knowing that Cohan is the song\'s composer, they jokingly invite him to join in, which he does.'] ['The film begins with a nightmare of Bruce Lee\'s father , who sees a terrifying phantom  in black samurai armor that haunts the young Bruce Lee . Bruce is shown as a child receiving instruction in traditional Chinese martial arts in a montage that passes quickly through his teenage years in Hong Kong. As a young adult, Bruce  becomes involved in a fight with British sailors  and this results in him having to leave Hong Kong because of the incident. His father suggests that Bruce go to the US, since he was actually born in San Francisco when his father was on a tour there and has a US birth certificate. His father asks Bruce to become a success, so big a success that his name will be famous even back in Hong Kong. In the US, Bruce starts off working as a dishwasher at a Chinese restaurant, where he becomes involved in a fight with some of the staff, and he fends them off until the restaurant owner  arrives and fires Bruce. As well as severance she gives him an all-purpose loan and convinces him to use the money to invest in a future with education or, in her own words, sex. At a university, he begins to teach martial arts classes, and during these classes he meets Linda Emery , and the two begin dating. They eventually marry in defiance of Linda\'s racist mother. Linda suggests that Bruce open up a martial arts training school, which he does, but some other Chinese martial arts schools feel that he should not train non-Chinese, and they challenge him to fight Johnny Sun  to resolve the issue. Bruce wins the fight but Sun attacks Bruce from behind after the fight is over, resulting in a serious back injury. While immobilized and recovering Bruce and Linda quarrel of why he did not tell her about this duel, but she furiously rejects his despairing assumption that she will abandon him because of this injury. To give his recovery time purpose, Linda coaxes him to examine the weaknesses of his combat technique, which leads to him developing the fight philosophy of Jeet Kune Do while she helps him write "The Tao of Jeet Kune Do." During this period Linda gives birth to their first child, Brandon, and he is the key for the couple to reconcile with Linda\'s mother . Later at Ed Parker\'s martial arts tournament, Bruce has a new face-off with Johnny Sun, this time in a 60-second demonstration of his new fighting style. Johnny Sun appears to have the upper hand in the first half of the match but then Bruce recovers and ends up kicking Sun over the top rope. After the match, Bruce meets Bill Krieger  and is hired for The Green Hornet TV show. Bruce and Bill work together and create the idea for Kung Fu. At a cast party, Linda says she is now pregnant with their second child, Shannon. Shortly afterwards, there is an announcement for the cancellation of The Green Hornet. The show Kung Fu makes it onto television, but starring David Carradine and not Bruce. Bruce travels back home for his father\'s funeral and whilst in the country is soon approached by Philip Tan , a Hong Kong film producer. He says that Bruce is well known in Hong Kong and that The Green Hornet show is called The Kato Show there. Bruce begins work on The Big Boss. In the filming of the final scene, set in an ice factory, the brother of Johnny Sun attacks Bruce, wanting revenge. Bruce successfully defends himself against the attack. The Big Boss is a success and Bruce makes several more films – working as actor, director and editor. This causes a rift between Bruce and Linda, as she wishes to return to the States. Bill Krieger shows up, and although he knows that Bruce is still angry with him, he offers him a chance to work on a big-budget Hollywood movie, which Bruce decides to do, particularly as Linda feels she must return. On the 32nd day of shooting Enter the Dragon, Bruce has a vision of himself fighting and defeating the phantom that haunted his childhood. At the end, he decides to walk off of the set and go home to see his family. The film ends during a shot of the final scene of Enter the Dragon, with a voice-over by Linda informing the audience of his death before the movie\'s release, and her preferred choice to discuss his life, not his death.'] ["In 1853, soldier-of-fortune William Walker  flees Mexico after a failed attempt to incite an armed insurrection. He is placed on trial by US officials, but wins acquittal on breaking the neutrality act. Walker believes in Manifest Destiny and has plans to marry and start a newspaper until his fianceé Ellen Martin  dies of cholera. Financed by American multimillionaire Cornelius Vanderbilt , Walker and 60 mercenaries embark on a mission to overthrow Nicaragua, to secure Vanderbilt's rights over an overland shipping route between the Atlantic and Pacific. Walker and his corps score a bloody victory in Nicaragua and when the capital falls, Walker allows the president to stay in charge, but takes his mistress, Doña Yrena . With increasing disruption in the country, Walker orders the president shot and assumes the presidency. From 1855 to 1857, his actions as president are manic and delusional with Walker antagonizing his financial backer, by revoking Vanderbilt's license to the overland trade route. Nicaragua and its neighbors unite to rid themselves of the unwelcome dictator and they drive the despot out. Eventually his further forays into Central America lead to his capture and execution."] ["The widowed Eurasian doctor Han Suyin  falls in love with the married-but-separated American correspondent Mark Elliott  in Hong Kong, during the period of China's Civil War in the late 1940s. Although they briefly find happiness together, she is ostracized by the greater Chinese community. After losing her position at the hospital, Suyin and her adopted daughter go to live with a friend while Mark is on an assignment during the Korean War. They write to each other constantly. However on the same day that Suyin receives a letter from Mark, another friend drops by with a newspaper saying that Elliot has been killed by an aircraft bomb. Distraught, Suyin climbs the hill to the tree where they said their last goodbyes, half hoping to see him there again. When she realizes that he is truly gone, she falls to her knees sobbing. In the final scene, a butterfly, similar to the one seen on Elliot's typewriter while at the front, lands on the tree in front of Suyin. She composes herself and walks away."] ['Bud Pollard narrates a biography of Bing Crosby stringing together the short subjects- * "I Surrender Dear,"  * "One More Chance,"  * "Billboard Girl"  * "Dream House"'] ['{{See also}} Mark Whitacre, a rising star at Decatur, Illinois based Archer Daniels Midland  in the early 1990s, blows the whistle on the company’s price-fixing tactics at the urging of his wife Ginger.{{cite news}} One night in November 1992, Whitacre confesses to FBI special agent Brian Shepard that ADM executives – including Whitacre himself – had routinely met with competitors to fix the price of lysine, an additive used in the commercial livestock industry. Whitacre secretly gathers hundreds of hours of video and audio over several years to present to the FBI.{{cite news}}<ref nameSidhu |firstFresno company connected to Matt Damon movie |publisher2008-07-23 |urlr7c-e_9thlk}} He assists in gathering evidence by clandestinely taping the company’s activity in business meetings at various locations around the globe such as Tokyo, Paris, Mexico City, and Hong Kong, eventually collecting enough evidence of collaboration and conspiracy to warrant a raid of ADM. Whitacre’s good deed dovetails with his own major infractions and his internal, secret struggle with bipolar disorder seems to take over his exploits.{{cite news |authorWhat is "The Informant" about? |publisher2008-05-16 |url"Cain-behind"/>In the ensuing chaos, Whitacre appears to shift his trust and randomly destabilize his relationships with Agent Shepard, his partner Agent Herndon and numerous attorneys in the process. Authorities at ADM began investigating, in an attempt to cover tracks, the mounted papertrail with forged names and specs that Whitacre had built to cover his own subversive deeds. After being confronted with evidence of his fraud, Whitacre\'s reasoning and defensive claims begin to spiral out of control, including an accusation of assault and battery against Agent Shepard and the FBI, which had made a substantial move to distance their case from Whitacre entirely. Because of this major infraction and Whitacre’s bizarre behavior, he was sentenced to a prison term three times as long as that meted out to the white-collar criminals he helped to catch. In the epilogue of Whitacre\'s case, Agent Herndon visits inmate Whitacre in prison as he videotapes a futile appeal to seek a presidential pardon. Overweight, balding and psychologically beaten after his years long ordeal, Mark Whitacre is eventually released from prison with his wife Ginger, waiting to greet him.'] ["The documentary takes an in-depth at the Tom Family which mostly consists of children that were rejected by their birth families due to mental or physical disabilities. The film is broken up into seasons starting out with family taking part in Halloween in the fall and ending in the Summer of the upcoming year. The family's unconventional home-life becomes a foundation for the supports, challenges, and successes that they face daily."] ['Following the Civil War the two brothers, along with the Younger brothers - Cole Younger  and Bob Younger , Bob Ford  and Charles Ford , Clell Miller , and Arch Clements , begin to feel oppressed by the Chicago railroad investors. They set off on a trail of bank robberies, train heists, and stage holdups while evading the dogged pursuit of Allan Pinkerton  and his detective agency.'] ['American Frank Dux , trained from his youth in the ways of Ninjutsu by a Japanese master of the art, Senzo Tanaka , honors his mentor out of gratitude and respect for having been allowed to train in place of Tanaka\'s deceased son Shingo by going to Hong Kong to participate in the Kumite &mdash; an illegal and underground, freestyle, single-elimination and occasionally deadly full-contact martial arts tournament, to which the world\'s best martial artists are secretly invited every five years. In Kowloon Walled City, Hong Kong, a number of fighters prepare for the Kumite with their own individualized training regimens. Dux, currently enlisted in the Army, is one of the invited participants, but his superiors have learned of the dangerous nature of the Kumite and refuse to let him go. Therefore, he goes AWOL, says goodbye to his mentor and leaves for Hong Kong. Two ACID  officers  are summoned to track down and arrest Dux for desertion. A flashback sequence reveals that Dux, as a teenager, once reluctantly burgled Tanaka\'s house with friends, but, after they heard a noise and his friends deserted him, Frank returned the katana they had snatched, only to be apprehended by the Tanakas. Impressed by his honesty, Senzo kept quiet about the incident and instead explained to Dux\'s parents that he would train their son in martial science . Eventually, Dux and Shingo became friends, and Shingo told him that one day he would make Senzo proud by going to the Kumite. After Shingo\'s death years later, and despite initial resistance, Senzo agreed to train Dux as a member of the Tanaka Clan. After arriving in Hong Kong, Dux befriends American Vale Tudo fighter Ray Jackson  and Victor Lin , who becomes the manager/liaison for Jackson and Dux. The two Americans and the defending Kumite champion Chong Li  &mdash; a fighter with a savage streak - all make it through the first day of the Kumite. Dux earns the enmity of Li after breaking his record for the fastest knockout. Dux becomes involved with American journalist Janice Kent , who is attempting to investigate the Kumite, but is horrified by its brutality. On the second day of the tournament, Jackson is set up against Li. Although Jackson gains the upper hand, he gloats instead of finishing Li, who brutally beats him, putting him in the hospital. Dux vows that he will avenge Jackson. Kent tries to convince Dux to pull out of the tournament, but he refuses. On the last day of the competition, Dux is cornered by the ACID officers. After defeating the local police, he promises to give himself up once the tournament is over. Dux advances to the tournament final to face Li, who had shocked the audience by killing his previous opponent remorselessly. Dux is a formidable foe, so Li resorts to blinding him with a handful of quicklime. Dux uses his other senses  to overcome the handicap and force Li to shout "matté" , becoming the first Western winner of the Kumite. He then returns to the United States.'] ['The film\'s opening encompasses newsreel footage , including the 1961 farewell address of President Dwight D. Eisenhower, warning about the build-up of the "military–industrial complex". This is followed by a summary of John Kennedy\'s years as president, emphasizing the events that, in Stone\'s thesis, would lead to his assassination. Events shown are the Bay of Pigs invasion, the Cuban missile crisis and the early days of the Vietnam War and Laotian Civil War. This builds to a reconstruction of the assassination on November 22, 1963. New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison  subsequently learns about potential links to the assassination in New Orleans. Garrison and his team investigate several possible conspirators, including private pilot David Ferrie , but are forced to let them go after their investigation is publicly rebuked by the federal government. Kennedy\'s alleged assassin Lee Harvey Oswald  is killed by Jack Ruby  before he can go to trial, and Garrison closes the investigation. The investigation is reopened in late 1966 after Garrison talks to Senator Long of Louisiana on a chance encounter while on a plane trip. Garrison then reads the Warren Report and notices what he believes are numerous inaccuracies and conflicts. Garrison and his staff interrogate several witnesses to the Kennedy assassination, and others who were involved with Oswald, Ruby and Ferrie. Upon Garrison\'s informal questioning, Ferrie denies any knowledge of meeting Oswald, but he is soon suspected of conspiring to murder the president. Another witness is Willie O\'Keefe , a male prostitute serving five years in prison for soliciting, who reveals he witnessed Ferrie discussing Kennedy\'s assassination with Shaw, Oswald and a group of Latin men. As well as briefly meeting Oswald, O\'Keefe was romantically involved with a man he knew as "Clay Bertrand" &mdash; also known as Clay Shaw . In Dallas, Texas, others come forward, including Jean Hill : she tells the investigators that she witnessed shots fired from the grassy knoll and she heard four to six shots total, but U.S. Secret Service agents threatened her into saying only three shots came from the book depository; the implication is that changes were made to her testimony by the Warren Commission. Garrison and a staff member also go to the sniper\'s location in the Texas School Book Depository and aim an empty rifle from the window through which Oswald was alleged to have shot Kennedy. They conclude that Oswald was too poor a marksman to make the shots, and two of the shots were much too close together, indicating that two additional assassins were also involved. After discovering electronic surveillance microphones that had been planted in his offices, Garrison meets a high-level figure in Washington, D.C. who identifies himself as "X" . "X" suggests there was a conspiracy at the highest levels of government, implicating members of the Central Intelligence Agency , the military-industrial complex, the Mafia and U.S. Secret Service, Federal Bureau of Investigation  and the Vice President of the United States during the Kennedy administration, Lyndon B. Johnson, as either direct co-conspirators, or, as having motives to cover up the truth after the assassination. "X" explains Kennedy was assassinated because his foreign policy would have meant diminished profit for the military-industrial complex, and enraged high-ranking military officials who viewed such diplomacy as weakness. Kennedy ordered control of secret para-military operations to be removed from the CIA and handed over to the U.S. Defense Department\'s Joint Chiefs of Staff. This would have diminished the agency\'s power. Further, the Mafia had helped Kennedy win the U.S. presidential election of 1960 as a favor to his father, Joseph, who had done business with mafiosi dating back to the 1920s, and felt betrayed that he had let his brother, Robert, continue his crusade against them. Furthermore, they wanted revenge for the Bay of Pigs Invasion fiasco, which they had helped fund and support in order to get their Cuban casinos &mdash; their biggest moneymakers &mdash; back from the hands of the Castro regime. "X" reveals how his superior, Brigadier General "Y", had "X" sent on a trip to Antarctica just before the assassination. One of "X"\'s duties was to supplement presidential security. He points out all the lapses in security during Kennedy\'s trip to Dallas: the open windows along the route, the hairpin turn from Houston Street to Elm Street which slowed the limousine, and bystander activities which would not have been allowed. "X" suggests he was ordered out of the country in order to strip away the normal security measures he would have had in place during Kennedy\'s trip to Dallas. On his way back from Antarctica, "X" touches down in New Zealand. He reads a local newspaper which mysteriously presents a full dossier on Oswald and his guilt in Kennedy\'s death. This was hours before Oswald would be charged with the crime and anyone investigating the case knew much about him. "X" views this as clear proof of a cover story of the type used by CIA black ops. In other words, CIA assets in the media were being used to persuade the public of Oswald\'s guilt. "X" further states that Kennedy was intent on pulling U.S. troops from Vietnam by the end of 1965 as evidenced by National Security Action Memorandum 263. This was countermanded immediately by Kennedy\'s successor, Lyndon Johnson, with National Security Order 273. Therein, concludes "X", lay the foundation of the Vietnam War. "X" encourages Garrison to keep digging and make further arrests. Two of Garrison\'s staff quit the investigation, doubting his motives and methods, the latter warned by a "friendly" FBI agent, who claims that Fidel Castro is the sole assassin to Kennedy, and tells the latter that if the truth comes out, there would be a war and it would be more important than Garrison. Garrison\'s marriage is strained when his wife Liz  complains that he is spending more time on the case than with his own family. After a sinister phone call is made to their daughter, Liz accuses Garrison of being selfish and attacking Shaw only because of his homosexuality. In addition, the media launches attacks on television and in newspapers attacking Garrison\'s character and criticizing the way his office is spending taxpayers\' money. Some key witnesses become scared and refuse to testify while others, such as Ferrie, die under suspicious circumstances. Before his death, Ferrie tells Garrison that he believes people are after him, and reveals there was a conspiracy around Kennedy\'s death that involved co-conspirators that were involved in the CIA operation named Operation Mongoose. Bill Broussard meets Garrison at the airport where Garrison is boarding for Phoenix, Arizona and tells him the Canadian mob will attempt to assassinate him and is about to get Garrison some serious protection when Garrison confronts Broussard about his orders not to pass rumors about someone going to be killed. Broussard tries in vain to get Garrison to listen, but Garrison refuses, dismissing it as "paranoid garbage". He accuses Broussard of disobeying orders and decides to take him back to New Orleans as punishment. Broussard tries to apologize, but Garrison is too busy to accept it. After a few minutes, he has to flee from a public restroom when he hears strange noises in the adjacent stall and is approached by an unknown man who pretends to be a friend of Garrison\'s. After Garrison returns to New Orleans, he and his staff discovered that Broussard has joined the FBI and disappeared from his apartment. They argue about the real reason why Clay Shaw has been brought to trial. As they discuss, he sees Robert Kennedy on TV. Later, Robert is assassinated on TV, and Garrison and Liz reconcile. The trial of Clay Shaw takes place in 1969. Garrison presents the court with further evidence of multiple killers while attempting to debunk the single bullet theory, proposes a Dealey Plaza shots scenario involving three assassins who fired six total shots, but the jury acquits Shaw on all charges, but the DA\'s office won a conviction of perjury against New Orleans attorney Dean Andrews , who repeatedly claims the call from Shaw was false, which Garrison made a deal with Andrews. The film reflects that members of that jury stated publicly that they believed there was a conspiracy behind the assassination, but not enough evidence to link Shaw to that conspiracy. The film ends with Shaw acquitted of those charges, while Garrison states he will continue to find out what else may be there in the cover up. In the end credits, it is mentioned that Shaw died of lung cancer in 1974, but in 1979 Richard Helms testified under oath that Clay Shaw had, in fact, been a part-time contract agent of the Domestic Contacts Division of the CIA. The end credits also state that secret records related to the assassination will be released to the public in 2029.'] ['This documentary film addresses the birth and evolution of hardcore punk rock from 1978 to 1986 . The documentary boasts extensive underground footage shot during the height of the hardcore movement. It features exclusive interviews with early hardcore punk music artists from bands such as Black Flag, Minor Threat, Bad Brains, and many more.'] ["The documentary examines the steroid use of director Christopher Bell's two brothers, Smelly and Mad Dog,http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1151309/ who all grew up idolizing Arnold Schwarzenegger, Hulk Hogan, and Sylvester Stallone, and also features professional athletes, medical experts, fitness center members, and US Congressmen talking about the issue of anabolic steroids. Beyond the basic issue of anabolic steroid use, Bigger, Stronger, Faster* examines the lack of consistency in how America views drugs, cheating, and the lengths people go to achieve success. The film looks beyond the steroid issue to such topics as Tiger Woods' laser eye correction to 20/15 vision, professional musicians use of blood pressure reducing drugs, or athletes' dependence on cortisone shots, which are a legal steroid. It takes a skeptical view of the health risks of steroids and is critical of the legal health supplement industry."] ["Determined to make her young, blonde, and beautiful daughter, June, a vaudeville headliner, willful, resourceful, domineering stage mother Rose Hovick will stop at nothing to achieve her goal. She drags June and her shy, awkward, and decidedly less-talented older sister, Louise, around the country in an effort to get them noticed, and with the assistance of agent Herbie Sommers, she manages to secure them bookings on the prestigious Orpheum Circuit. Years pass, and the girls no longer are young enough to pull off the childlike personae their mother insists they continue to project. June rebels and elopes with Tulsa, one of the dancers who backs the act. Devastated by what she considers an act of betrayal, Rose pours all her energies into making a success of Louise, despite the young woman's obvious lack of singing and dancing skills. Not helping matters is the increasing popularity of sound films, which leads to a decline in the demand for stage entertainment. With bookings scarce, mother and daughter find themselves in Wichita, Kansas, where the owner of a third-rate burlesque house offers Louise a job. When one of the strippers is arrested for shoplifting, Louise unwillingly becomes her replacement. At first, her voice is shaky and her moves tentative at best, but as audiences respond to her, she begins to gain confidence in herself. She blossoms as an entertainer billed as Gypsy Rose Lee, and eventually reaches a point where she tires of her mother's constant interference in both her life and wildly successful career. Louise confronts Rose and demands she leave her alone. Finally aware she has spent her life enslaved by a desperate need to be noticed, an angry, bitter, and bewildered Rose stumbles onto the empty stage of the deserted theater and experiences a moment of truth that leads to an emotional breakdown followed by a reconciliation with Louise."] ['Prince Albert, Duke of York , the second son of King George&nbsp;V, stammers through his speech closing the 1925 British Empire Exhibition at Wembley Stadium. The Duke has given up hope of a cure, but his wife Elizabeth  persuades him to see Lionel Logue , an Australian speech therapist in London. During their first session, Logue breaches royal etiquette and insists on calling his patient "Bertie," a name used only within the Duke\'s family. When Albert decides Logue\'s methods and manner are unsuitable, the Australian bets a shilling that the Duke can recite Hamlet\'s "To be, or not to be" soliloquy without trouble while listening to The Marriage of Figaro played out loud on headphones. Logue records his performance on a gramophone record; convinced he has stammered throughout, Albert leaves in a huff, declaring his condition "hopeless" and dismissing Logue. Logue offers him the recording as a keepsake.  After King George&nbsp;V  makes his 1934 Christmas radio address, he explains to Albert the importance of broadcasting to a modern monarchy. He declares that "David" , Albert\'s older brother, will bring ruin to himself, the family, and the country when he accedes to the throne, leaving Chancellor Hitler and Premier Stalin to sort out matters in Europe. King George demands that Albert train himself, starting with a reading of his father\'s speech. He makes an agonising attempt to do so. Later, Albert plays Logue\'s recording and hears himself unhesitatingly reciting Shakespeare. He returns to Logue, but he and his wife insist that Logue stop delving into his private life and merely work on the physical aspects. Logue teaches his patient muscle relaxation and breath control techniques, but continues to gently probe at the psychological roots of the stutter. The Duke eventually reveals some of the pressures of his childhood: his strict father, the repression of his natural left-handedness, painful childhood metal splints to correct his knock-knees, his first nanny, who secretly mistreated him, and the early death of his epileptic younger brother, John. The two men become friends. In January 1936, George&nbsp;V dies, and David ascends the throne as King Edward&nbsp;VIII, but causes a monumental crisis with his determination to marry Mrs Wallis Simpson , an American socialite and twice a divorcée. At Christmas in Balmoral Castle, Albert points out that Edward, as head of the Church of England, cannot marry a divorced woman; Edward accuses his brother of wanting to usurp his place, calling his elocution lessons preparation, and resurrects his childhood taunt of "B-B-B-Bertie".  At his next session, Albert expresses his frustration that his speech has improved while talking to most people—except his own brother. Albert reveals the extent of Edward VIII\'s folly with Mrs Simpson. When Logue insists that Albert could be a good king instead of his brother, the latter labels such a suggestion as treason, mocks Logue\'s failed acting aspirations and humble origins, and dismisses him. When King Edward&nbsp;VIII abdicates to marry Mrs Simpson, Albert becomes King George&nbsp;VI. The new King and Queen visit Logue at his home to apologise, startling Logue\'s wife . During preparations for his coronation in Westminster Abbey, George VI learns that Logue has no formal qualifications. Logue explains that, as an elocution teacher, he was asked to help shell-shocked Australian soldiers returning from the First World War, and thereby found his calling. When George VI remains convinced of his unfitness to be king, Logue sits in King Edward\'s Chair and dismisses the underlying Stone of Scone as a trifle. Goaded by Logue\'s seeming disrespect, the King surprises himself with his own sudden outraged eloquence. Upon the declaration of war with Nazi Germany in September 1939, George&nbsp;VI summons Logue to Buckingham Palace to prepare for his upcoming radio address to millions of listeners in Britain and the Empire. The King is left alone with Logue in the room with the microphone. He delivers his speech competently, as if to Logue alone, who guides him silently throughout. Afterwards, the King and his family step onto the balcony of the palace to be viewed and applauded by the thousands who have gathered. A title card explains that Logue was always present at King George&nbsp;VI\'s speeches during the war, and that they remained friends for the rest of their lives.'] ['In 1976, Renée Richards is on the tennis court as a professional tennis player. The film flashes back to 1964, when Renée Richards is an eye surgeon named Richard Radley . Radley has a successful career and a fiancée, but secretly cross-dresses at night. Unable to speak with his mother Sadie , who is a psychiatrist, Radley consults his own psychiatrist, Dr. Beck , who advises him to grow a beard. This strategy works temporarily until Radley is drafted into the Navy, which does not allow beards. Following his discharge and a failed marriage, Radley undergoes gender reassignment surgery and becomes Renée. Renée relocates to California, resumes her career as a surgeon and begins dating. After playing in a local tennis tournament in La Jolla, Renée is outed as transgender by a television reporter. In the ensuing controversy, Renée takes the United States Tennis Association to court, where she secures her right to play professional tournament tennis as a woman without being subjected to chromosome testing.'] ['As a result of General George S. Patton\'s  decision to use former Nazis to help reconstruct post-World War II Germany , General Dwight Eisenhower  removes him from that task and reassigns him to supervise "an army of clerks" whose task is to write the official history of the U.S. military involvement in World War II.Plot summary at Yahoo! Movies Shortly thereafter, on December 9, 1945 , Patton is involved in an automobile accident that seriously injures his spinal column, paralyzing him. As he lies in his hospital bed, he flashes back to earlier pivotal moments in his life, including stories his father told him of his grandfather\'s service during the American Civil War which inspired him to attend the United States Military Academy at West Point, his marriage to his wife Beatrice , and his championing of the use of tanks in the United States Army.Patton plot summary at The Internet Movie Database President Harry S. Truman and other government officials, not wanting Patton to die on German soil, order him transferred to a stateside hospital. Preparations, including a full plaster body cast, are made, but Patton dies of an embolism on December 21, 1945.'] ['Tony Fitzjohn  has just come to work on Kora, a lion preserve, for two elderly brothers, George and Terrence Adamson . On the first day Fitzjohn goes against George’s advice and is nearly mauled by a lion. Being informed this is how the last person to fill his position came to be killed, he writes the whole place off as crazy and decides to leave. With a last minute change of heart, and a lion cub brought in from a zoo for him to train and reintroduce into the wild he soon discovers his life’s true calling. Years pass and Kora’s lions are being picked off by herdsmen one by one with bullets and poison and the elephants and rhinos are being poached at an alarming rate for their tusks and horns. The Adamson brothers are expending all of their energies in protecting the wildlife but can hardly compete; as Fitzjohn observes “A ranger may make 800 shillings a month but a poacher will pay him 10,000 just to turn his back for a day”. The odds seem to be insurmountable as the poachers pile in and the animal death toll rises while the local government decides that it doesn’t really want a wildlife preserve at all.'] ['Adam Lerner  is a 27-year-old public radio journalist with an artist girlfriend Rachael , of whom his best friend and co-worker Kyle  disapproves. Adam learns he has schwannoma neurofibrosarcoma  in his spine and must undergo chemotherapy. He sees on the Internet that his chances of survival are fifty-fifty. After Adam reveals his diagnosis, his overbearing mother, Diane , who already cares for a husband suffering from dementia, wants to move in and care for him. Adam rejects this offer, as Rachael has promised to be the one to take care of him. Rachael, however, is "uncomfortable" going into the hospital during Adam\'s chemo treatments. Later, Kyle sees Rachael kissing another man at an art gallery, and tells Adam that Rachael is cheating on him. Adam and Rachael break up. Throughout Adam\'s struggle, Kyle attempts to keep Adam\'s spirits high, which include helping Adam shave his head prior to chemotherapy and suggesting that Adam use his illness as a way to pick up women. Meanwhile, Adam skeptically begins going to a young and inexperienced therapist, Katherine McKay , at the hospital. Although their relationship and sessions have a rocky start, he slowly begins to open up to her about his disease and how it is affecting him. The two develop a rapport both in and outside of their sessions, as the lines between doctor-patient and friends begins to blur. During chemo treatments, Adam also befriends Alan  and Mitch , two older cancer patients who are also undergoing chemotherapy. After Mitch suddenly dies, Adam\'s fears become more evident upon hearing that his treatment is not working and that he needs to undertake a risky surgery as a last resort. The night before his surgery, Adam has an argument with Kyle and demands to drive Kyle\'s car because Kyle is drunk—even though Adam does not have a driver\'s license. After nearly causing an accident, Adam breaks down and criticises Kyle for seemingly not taking his illness seriously. Adam calls Katherine and tells her that he wishes he had a girlfriend like her, but also says he is tired and just wants it to be over. That night, Adam stays at Kyle\'s and finds a book on surviving cancer, filled with notes and annotations, proving that Kyle does care for Adam and is worried for him. The next day as Kyle drops Adam off at the hospital, Adam embraces Kyle for being a good friend and apologising for what he said the previous night. As Adam says what could be his final farewells to his family, he undergoes his surgery. After the surgery, Kyle, Diane, and Katherine are told by the doctor that although the bone degradation was worse than they had thought, the tumor was successfully removed and Adam should recover. Some time later, Adam is getting ready for a date, with Kyle encouraging him and cleaning the incision on Adam\'s back from the surgery. The doorbell rings and Adam lets Katherine inside as Kyle leaves. Katherine asks "Now what?", and Adam simply smiles.'] ['Narrator John Wiggin begins the film with a scholarly overview of the place and time of the life of Martin Luther. He points out that power is divided between the Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire and the Roman Catholic Church. To set the stage for the presentation of Luther\'s conflict with the church of his day he states, "the church had largely forgotten the mercies of God; and, instead, it emphasized God\'s implacable judgments." Since he will soon be entering the Augustinian cloister Martin Luther holds a "going away" party at a local public house with his fellow law students. Conspicuous among his guests is George Spalatin, who provides an inquiring interest into Luther\'s motivation to leave the study of law. Luther\'s entrance into monastic life is then portrayed. He does not find the spiritual peace he sought even though he follows a strict regimen of ascetic piety to the point of flagellating himself half to death. He is shown in sheer terror at the celebration of his first mass as a newly ordained priest. After he struggles through his first mass he confesses to his mentor, Vicar General Johann von Staupitz that he cannot love God. Subsequently, the dour-faced prior proposes expelling Luther from the order because of his restless mind, but Staupitz believes that rigorous theological study and a pilgrimage embassy to Rome will help the troubled young monk. After he had returned from Rome, just after completing a prayer office, Luther expresses his opinion to his fellow monks that the common people could more easily find God to be merciful if they had the Holy Scriptures in their vernacular language. He is then confronted and scolded by his stern prior. Then while studying in the Erfurt university library Luther is met by George Spalatin, who had also left the study of the law for a vocation in the church: in his case to serve Frederick III, Elector of Saxony. Spalatin renews his interest in Luther\'s quest, "Have you found what you were looking for?" Luther responds, "Not yet." Spalatin then recommends Luther to the Elector as a preacher at the castle church and professor of biblical studies at the newly founded University of Wittenberg. Luther is then shown baptizing an infant in the castle church. At Wittenberg Luther receives his degree of Doctor of Theology when he promises to be a faithful teacher in the church; however, he has difficulty in accepting the practice even there in Wittenberg of collecting and showcasing relics. The film presents Luther as having undergone his "reformatory discovery" through his study of the Epistle to the Romans for his lectures on this biblical book. He tells his mentor Staupitz that one only need have faith in Jesus Christ for salvation. Staupitz leaves unpersuaded, but Luther writes the word "sola"  in the margin of his Latin Bible to show his firm persuasion in the doctrine of justification by faith alone. A few years go by. It is now 1517, and in Rome Pope Leo X arranges with Archbishop Albert to promulgate in Germany a special jubilee indulgence. Johann Tetzel is the main preacher of this indulgence, and his pitch is presented in public with the beating of drums. That same evening Martin Luther comes across one of his parishioners in a drunken stupor with the conviction that he does not need to go to confession anymore because he has bought one of Tetzel\'s indulgences. Luther then preaches against what he believes to be the abuse of indulgences with the appeal, "Beloved, you cannot buy God\'s mercy." He then also posts his The Ninety-Five Theses on the door of the castle church, which does not seem to arouse any attention until his theses are copied down, translated, and printed for all of Germany to read, hear, and comment about. Tetzel finds that his sales of indulgences have fallen off, which moves Archbishop Albert of Mainz to send a copy of Luther\'s theses to the pope. In 1519 Andreas Karlstadt tells Luther and newly installed professor Philipp Melanchthon of his being invited to Leipzig to debate what he calls "our theses." To Karlstadt\'s disappointment Luther invites himself and Melanchthon along. When they arrive in Lepzig, they see that there is a movement afoot to link Luther with Jan Hus in order to brand him as a heretic. Luther debates Johann Eck, who shouts, "Heresy, Dr. Luther, Heresy!" with Luther responding, "So be it! It is still the truth!" After the debate at which he was present Staupitz releases Luther from his vows as an Augustinian monk when Luther refuses to stop promoting his doctrine. The pope is furious with Luther\'s publications of 1520 , so he issues his bull Exsurge Domine threatening Luther with excommunication. It too is disseminated in as public a manner as Luther\'s Ninety-five Theses, but Luther responds by burning it on the deadline demanded for his retraction. Cardinal Aleander goes to Elector Frederick to demand that he hand Luther over to the pope. It is there that the film has him meet Desiderius Erasmus, who seems to trivialize the matter. The Elector says that Luther will appear at the upcoming Diet of Worms. At Worms Luther is surprised by the procedure instigated by Aleander of simply asking him if he acknowledges his printed writings and whether he is willing to retract any of his assertions in those writings. Luther asks for time and is given until the next day. Then he gives his answer that he will not recant, ending with, "Here I stand. I can do no other. God help me. Amen." Emperor Charles V angrily promulgates his Edict of Worms outlawing Luther and giving him twenty-one days to return to Wittenberg. Elector Frederick, spurned by the emperor, has Luther quietly abducted to his stronghold of the Wartburg near Eisenach where for almost a year Luther stays in hiding. It is here that he translates the New Testament into German. He has a retainer of the Elector read a portion of John 6 to show that "a German lark can sing as sweetly as any Greek or Latin nightingale." Luther\'s exile is brought to a close with Karlstadt\'s revolutionary uprising in Wittenberg and the Electorate of Saxony, which causes churches to be desecrated. Luther preaches his "how dare you"  sermons to restore order to his troubled congregation. In the course of the film Luther is shown marrying a former nun Katharina von Bora to the delight of his father, who is shown attending the wedding. Luther and Kathie\'s family room is the scene of Luther holding instructions from his catechism. He is dismayed that he cannot join his fellow reformers in Augsburg as they appear before the diet there in 1530. There the Augsburg Confession is courageously presented to the emperor followed in the film by the pealing of bells, and Luther offering a prayer of thanksgiving to God for his faithfulness to his generation. The film ends with the people of his congregation, young and old, rich and poor alike, singing to him his hymn A Mighty Fortress Is Our God in its isometric tune.'] ["Four young siblings: Charlotte, Branwell, Emily and Anne, live a stoic existence in a small village in the English country side. Their old father, an Anglican minister, a rigid spinster aunt and Tabby, the maid, complete their household. The siblings have artistic ambitions and rely upon each other for companionship. Branwell is a painter and a self-portrait with his sisters is worthy of the general admiration of the family. He wants to pursue a professional career, but only goes as far as to establish a friendship with Leyland, another artist. Emily's favorite pastime is to walk across the bleak moors that surround the village dressed as a man. Anne, the youngest of the siblings, is her companion. Charlotte, more ambitious than the others, convinces their reluctant aunt to give her money to go to Belgium in order to study French. Her idea is to eventually comeback and open a school. With their aunt's money and permission, Charlotte and Emily go to Brussels. Once there, Charlotte falls secretly in love with her teacher Monsieur Hager, who is already married. Emily plays the piano at school, but has a hard time there and is teased by her classmates for being English and Protestant in a Catholic country. Meanwhile, in England, Anne finds employment as a governess, taking over the education of the daughter of a wealthy family. While his sisters are away, Branwell deals alone with the death of their aunt. Her death makes Emily and Charlotte come back home. Emily is relieved and helps Branwell to find solace, taking him to the Black Bull Inn, the tavern and hotel of the town. Charlotte, on the other hand, lovesick, returns as soon as possible to Brussels to be reunited with Monsieur Hager, but her love is unrequited. Thanks to Anne, the aimless dreamer Branwell finds a steady job as the teacher of Edmund, the young son of the Robinson family, Anne's wealthy employers. Mr Robinson is strict, and, with his air of superiority, humiliates both Anne and Branwell. Mrs Robinson, flirty and unsatisfied, starts an ill-fated affair with Branwell. When Anne finds out about their relationship, she quits her job and returns home. Both Branwell and Charlotte have to deal with their broken hearts. After the death of her husband, Mrs Robinson sends Branwell a letter ending their affair. Branwell's life takes a dark turn. He gives himself over to drinking and becomes addicted to opium. During a windy night, a fire stars in his bedroom and he has to be rescued from amongst the flames, by his sisters. Sneaking into Emily's bedroom and searching amongst her things, Charlotte discovers Emily's poems. Deeply impressed, she finally is able to convince the reluctant Emily to have them published. Soon the three sister have their poems, and later a novel each, published. Reviews of Emily's novel, Wuthering Heights, are particularly harsh. However the novels of Currer, Ellis and Acton Bell, the pen names adopted by the three sisters, are the talk of London literary circles. Speculations about the sex and identity of the Bell's novels, force Charlotte and Anne to go to London and introduce themselves to Mr Smith, Charlotte's publisher. Unaware of his sisters literary accomplishments, Branwell dies of marasmus exacerbated by heavy drinking. Emily, stricken by tuberculosis, refuses all medical treatment, insisting on carrying on with her household chores. When she finally agrees to send for a doctor, it is too late, and she dies. Anne is also terminally ill with tuberculosis. Following her wishes, Charlotte takes her to see the ocean for the first time, and Anne dies during that trip. Charlotte is the only survivor among the four siblings. Left alone with her elderly father, she pursues her literary career and marries Mr Nicholls, her father's curate. In the company of her husband and her publisher, Mr Smith, Charlotte goes to the opera in London and meets the famous author Thackeray."] ["Champions of Faith: Baseball Edition is a documentary film that showcases the intersection of sports and faith in Major League Baseball by profiling many of the most accomplished and devout figures in the game. Major League baseball's Mike Piazza, David Eckstein, Jeff Suppan, Mike Sweeney, Jack McKeon and Rich Donnelly lead the cast in this sports special that tells the story of how their faith plays a role not only on the field but at home.{{cite web}}"] ["The year is 1918, and Max Rothman , a fictional Munich art dealer, is a veteran of the Third Battle of Ypres, where he lost his right arm during the latter stages of World War I effectively ending his career as a painter. He returns to Germany to attempt to capture the essence of war through art by opening a modern art gallery. He is married to Nina , but also has a mistress, Liselore von Peltz . Through a chance encounter, Rothman is approached by a young Adolf Hitler , a war veteran as well, disgruntled over Germany's loss during the conflict and the country's humiliation by the signing of the Versailles Treaty; Hitler wishes to have his artwork drawings displayed. Rothman comes to believe that Hitler has talent, but has failed to tap his inner potential to create great art. While he is aware of Hitler's anti-semitism, Rothman still encourages him to delve deeper in his art, as they both develop a friendship based on their common experiences fighting in the war. Rothman also understands how Hitler had nothing to come home to after the war. Despite his overall doubts about Hitler, Rothman agrees to take some of his paintings under a contractual basis. As these events unfold, Hitler is being urged by Captain Karl Mayr , a Reichswehr officer, to go into politics and make a career out of anti-semitic propaganda. During a brief conversation in an army barracks, Mayr also offers to financially support him by having the army pay for his expenses, further enticing Hitler to join his national socialist movement, the German Workers' Party. Later, Rothman begins to question Hitler's motives regarding his racial views. In an exchange of words, Hitler denies being anti-semitic and replies that on the contrary, he grudgingly admires the Jews and firmly believes the secret to their elite status in society is in the purity of their blood. He goes on to state that the German people would be of equal calibre and better off if they did not integrate themselves with different races. After making a violently anti-semitic speech to a group of supporters at a rally—with Mayr's backing—Hitler goes to a cafe to discuss a series of new militaristic drawings with Rothman. As Rothman approaches the cafe for his interview with Hitler, he is savagely beaten by a group of anti-semites, who had ironically attended Hitler's rally. As Rothman lays dying, Hitler leaves the cafe, believing that Rothman has stood him up. He has now chosen politics over art, and so history will take its course."] ["Ernie Davis ([[Rob Brown  is a young African American growing up in Pennsylvania with his same-age uncle Will Davis Jr. , in the late 1940s during a time of racism and discrimination. Davis lives with his extended family, including his grandfather, Willie 'Pops' Davis , who guides and educates him. Davis' mother, Marie Davis , eventually returns to their residence to inform the family that she has remarried and can now afford to raise Ernie at her own home in Elmira, New York. Upon relocating to Elmira, Davis enrolls in a Small Fry Football League and excels on the field as a running back with help of critical blocks from Gil ([[Michael Mannix . At the start of the 1959 college football season, Davis immediately excels playing for the varsity team, to lead Syracuse to victories over several college football teams. After Syracuse defeats UCLA to conclude the regular season undefeated, the team decides by choice to play the 2nd ranked Texas Longhorns in the Cotton Bowl Classic. During the game on January 1, 1960, Davis boldly attempts to lead his team to victory but is hampered by an injured leg and biased officiating. Towards the end of the game, Davis scores a crucial touchdown to preserve a Syracuse lead. The matchup concludes with a victory for Syracuse, and its first national championship. The film's epilogue displays a series of graphics stating that Davis died on May 18, 1963 at the age of 23; while in condolence, President Kennedy expresses sympathy for Davis' fine character as a citizen and an athlete."] ["The film opens with a foreshadow to moments after the shooting. This is quickly followed by a scene with Valerie Solanas  in custody for the shooting of Andy Warhol . The film then takes us back to a time when Valerie is living in New York and prostituting herself for a living. A series of further flashbacks point to her difficult childhood, and success in studying psychology at college. Here, Valerie discovers that she is a lesbian, that she can write and that she has a distinctive view of the world. This leads her to New York City and its downtown underworld. Through her friend Stevie , she meets Candy Darling , who in turn introduces her to Andy Warhol. Meanwhile, Valerie also meets Maurice Girodias , the publisher of Olympia Press. While Valerie wants Warhol to produce her play, Up Your Ass, Girodias wants her to write a pornographic novel for him. Once she signs a contract with Girodias, she comes to suspect his offer is not a generous one and may not be in her interests. She comes to regret signing this contract. At this point, her increasing derangement leads her to believe that Warhol and Girodias are controlling her. The film concludes, where it began, with Solanas' attempted murder of Warhol. The film then steps ten years into the future, where Warhol gets frightened when he sees Valerie by a near car staring angrily at him while he and some friends are entering a nightclub, and finds that she suddenly disappears once a bus passes the car."] ["In the 1950s, the reserved, middle aged bachelor C. S. Lewis is an Oxford University academic at Magdalen College and author of The Chronicles of Narnia series of children's books. He meets the married American poet Joy Gresham and her young son Douglas on their visit to England, not yet knowing the circumstances of Gresham's troubled marriage. What begins as a formal meeting of two very different minds slowly develops into an intense feeling of connection and love. Lewis finds his quiet life with his brother Warnie disrupted by the outspoken, feisty Gresham, whose uninhibited behavior offers a sharp contrast to the rigid sensibilities of the male-dominated university. Each provides the other with new ways of viewing the world. Initially their marriage is one of convenience, a platonic union designed to allow Gresham to remain in England. But when she is diagnosed with cancer, deeper feelings surface, and Lewis' faith is tested as his wife tries to prepare him for her imminent death."] ["Truman Capote , known in New York City society for his wit and fashion flair as much as he is recognized in literary circles as the celebrated writer of Other Voices, Other Rooms and Breakfast at Tiffany's, reads a small article about the murder of a farming family in Holcomb, Kansas, in the back pages of the New York Times of November 16, 1959. Curious as to how the residents would react to a brutal massacre in their midst, the author and his friend, Harper Lee , travel to the small town, ostensibly so Capote can interview people for a magazine article. Once there, he realizes there might be enough material for what he eventually describes as a nonfiction novel. Capote, whose dress and demeanor both amuse and dismay law enforcement officials, allows Lee to act as a buffer between himself and those whose trust he needs to gain in order to obtain as much background information as possible. The Kansas Bureau of Investigation's lead detective on the case, Alvin Dewey , has refused to cooperate with the writer, but when his starstruck wife Marie meets Capote in front of the cheese display at the local grocery store, she invites him and Lee to Christmas dinner. He eventually wins over his host with his stories about Humphrey Bogart, John Huston, Ava Gardner, and the like. As a result, when ex-convicts Richard Hickock  and Perry Smith  are apprehended in Las Vegas and extradited to Holcomb, Capote is permitted to interview them in their cells. The two men are tried and found guilty, and a lengthy period of appeals begins. Capote slowly forms an attachment to Smith. He empathizes with his unhappy childhood, and his remorseful manner, genuine sincerity, and obvious intelligence impress him. Eventually the criminal's reciprocal feelings become evident, although he has difficulty dealing with his emotions. Smith learns Truman plans to title his book In Cold Blood, which suggests the author thinks of him only as a merciless killer. Angered, he violently subdues Capote and nearly rapes him. Perry steadfastly refuses to describe the night of the murders, which greatly angers Capote. He seems to want to hear the details not only as a writer in search of the truth but as someone who finds it difficult to believe a loved one could be guilty of such a crime. Eventually, Perry acquiesces and discusses what transpired. Truman finds himself entangled in a personal and professional dilemma. As much as he wants Perry to be sentenced to life in prison, death by hanging will provide a far more satisfying ending for readers of his book. He begins to waver in his feelings and provides no legal assistance for the final appeal. Perry and Richard have exhausted all their options; they ask that Truman be present at their April 14, 1965 execution, and he complies reluctantly with their request. Afterward he learns Perry bequeathed his meager belongings to him, and among them he finds a charcoal sketch of him the killer had drawn."] ['The film follows the life of Bill Withers, from his roots in West Virginia to his career in the United States Navy, to his famed musical career and post retirement family life.'] ['Who the Hell is Juliette? begins with Yuliet Ortega saying that her name on the title card, Juliette Ortega, is misspelled and demanding that it is corrected. The director immediately complies and the card is corrected to Yuliet Ortega. Ortega is a 16-year-old girl who is being taken care of by her grandmother. Her mother committed suicide, while her father left his family and went to the United States. Ortega became a jinetera to support herself. During the shooting of a music video, Ortega meets 23-year-old Fabiola Quiroz who is a Mexican model. Both Quiroz and Ortega have been abandoned by their fathers and are deeply scarred by what has happened. Director Carlos Marcovich organizes a reunion for Ortega and her father, who lives in New Jersey. Finally, to save Ortega from street prostitution, Fabiola Quiroz helps her arrange a modeling interview. Salma Hayek and Francesco Clemente make guest appearances in the documentary.{{cite news}}'] ['{{Plot}} Joan is shown being burned at the stake; however, it happens fast, as the flames quickly engulf her and she disappears. The plotline then tells the story of how she came to this. Ten years earlier, Joan, as a little girl, confesses her sins in church two or three times a day. The priest asks after her family; concluding all is well at home, he decides she is only unusually religious. She skips out of the church, glad to be forgiven by God and Jesus. Wandering away from her village, she has a somewhat violent and supernatural vision. She returns to find her village burning. Her sister, Catherine tries to protect her by hiding her inside a closet before the English arrive at their house. The Englishman sees Catherine and forces himself on her but she valiantly fights him off. Frustrated he takes out his sword and stabs her in her stomach, pinning her to the wall. Catherine\'s now lifeless body is further desecrated and raped repeatedly as Joan watches in horror. She survives the attack, and goes to live with her distant relatives; she confesses to the priest that she wants to forgive her enemies, as the Bible teaches, but she cannot. Many years later, at Chinon, the Dauphin and soon to be King of France Charles VII receives a message from Joan, requesting an army to lead into battle. Charles VII thinks he should let her come, but his advisers say she may be an assassin. The king\'s mother-in-law, Yolande of Aragon says Joan should be seen because the people believe she can save France from the English. Joan arrives at Chinon, and right away Charles VII is warned again that she could be an assassin. Charles VII comes up with the plan to let someone else pretend to be him; that way if she is an assassin she will kill the wrong man, and if she is truly sent by God she will know who the real future king is. Joan stands before the throne, but tells the man sitting there, the young Jean d\'Aulon, that he is a good man but is not Charles VII. The court chamberlain Trémoille, who had just earlier announced Jean d\'Aulon falsely as Charles VII, tells her that the real Dauphin is among the crowd and to go pick him out by herself. Walking slowly through the crowded room, she finds Charles VII in the corner; Charles\' three senior knights  put their daggers to her throat. Joan tells Charles "I have a message from the King of Heaven for you, and you only", and in a private audience, explaining her visions, declares that she is to lead the French Army to victory against the English, and predicts that only then will he become the King of France. The royal court, still reluctant to give Joan an army to command, wants additional proof that she has been sent by God. A specially appointed group of women first proceeds to verify her claim of maidenhood. The testing continues as they question whether her knowledge of warfare is good enough to command an army. To additional demands of extraordinary kinds of proof she replies that she did not come to perform tricks; the fact that she has travelled through enemy territory in her journey to Chinon without being killed should suffice. Joan, clad in armour and equipped with a long white banner, leads the French army to the besieged city of Orléans, which is under the military command of Jean de Dunois, the Bastard of Orleans. Joan arrives with her attendant Aulon and the senior knights the Duke of Alençon, Gilles de Rais and La Hire. Standing in front of a rough model of the city and its surroundings, Joan points to the Boulevard des Tourelles, suggesting an attack there. Dunois and the other senior knights say her plan is reckless and makes no sense, and Dunois even admits that they are not used to taking orders from a girl. An infuriated Joan slaps a chuckling La Hire and, with the help of Aulon, cuts her hair short like a man\'s. She has a letter to the English transcribed, politely requesting their surrender. The English Captain shouts out the response: "Go fuck yourself!" The commanders show their skepticism of Joan\'s leadership by starting next morning\'s battle for the stockade at St Loup without her. By the time she arrives on the battlefield, the French soldiers are already retreating. Furious at her soldiers\' disobedience, she ends the retreat and leads her army into another charge. Her horse leaps into the fort and she lowers the drawbridge, allowing her army to rush inside and take it. Afterwards, the French salvage an English trebuchet, to the delight of the French knight Xaintrailles, who claims it as his own. With the fort taken, they find the Tourelles, a small but impressive stronghold commanded by Sir William Glasdale, that will be much more difficult to take. Joan gives the English another chance to surrender, which they refuse. Dunois and the senior knights begin tactical planning in St. Augustins church, before the Tourelles fortifications. However, Joan hastily leads the French soldiers to the Tourelles, where the prepared English defenders inflict heavy casualties on the French attackers. While climbing a ladder to the fort, Joan gets shot in the chest with an arrow. The siege is brought to a halt by the order of an enraged Dunois; Joan pulls out the embedded arrow herself and collapses. The seriousness of her wounds causes great concern within the French army. She rises before the troops the next morning, and to their delight, leads them in a second attack. An English siege tower falls and the drawbridge is broken, granting access to the outer fort. An improvised battering ram of a cart filled with logs is brought to bear on the great door of the inner fort. They break in; amid the slaughter of the final stand, Joan has another vision, this one of Jesus screaming and bleeding violently from the head. Joan feels conflicted with the victory, uneasy about all the deaths that took place. She even prevents an English prisoner from being executed. The English army regroups on the other side of the river, and the French and English armies move to face each other on a large open grassy field. Joan rides alone towards the English and shouts out to them that this is their chance to surrender and return to England. English archers move forward, which prompts French archers to ready themselves. Mounted English knights then move forward, and then suddenly turn, and slowly ride away. The English infantry follow suit. The French cheer; Joan has freed Orléans. Informed of the victory, the Duke of Bedford, regent for the still under-aged King Henry VI of England, says he wants Joan of Arc burned. Joan returns to Reims to witness the solemn, splendid and emotional coronation of Charles VII of France. Her military campaigns continue to the walls of Paris. Her 10,000 reinforcements never arrive, and the siege to take back the city is a failure. She tells King Charles VII to give her another army, but he wants her only to go home, explaining that he now prefers diplomacy over warfare to achieving France\'s aims and that her services are therefore no longer required. Convinced by Yolande of Aragon that Joan has become a political nuisance, Charles conspires to get rid of Joan by letting her get captured by enemy forces. She is taken prisoner by the pro-English Burgundians at Compiègne. She briefly meets the Duke of Burgundy, who sells her to the English. When Joan is transferred to Rouen, a French city still under English occupation, a mysterious bearded man in black robes and hood, dubbed "The Conscience" in the script, suddenly appears, and as suddenly vanishes, after questioning her visions, her motivations, and beliefs. Charged with the serious religious crime of heresy, stemming from her dubious claim of receiving visions and signs from God, she appears in an ecclesiastical court proceeding that is clearly being forced upon the Christian church by the English occupational government. She refuses to take an oath, declaring it runs contrary to her beliefs. Her defiance causes uproar in the courtroom, and Pierre Cauchon, the Bishop of Beauvais, decides that the case should be heard privately. The English tells Cauchon that the church must quickly condemn and execute Joan for heresy because English soldiers are afraid to fight while she remains alive. The Bishop demurs, expressing his concern about the possibility of wrongfully condemning and executing a Christian girl who might have truly received visions and signs from God. Joan\'s "Conscience" appears in her cell and continues to question her. He shows her dramatizations of mundane circumstances leading to a sword appearing in a field, and then a miraculous evocation of a shining sword descending from the heavens to the strains of an invisible angelic choir and orchestra. Of all the possibilities, you chose this one, he says. About to be burned for heresy, Joan is distraught that she will be brought before God without having given her confession, and the Bishop Cauchon plays upon this, requiring that she signs a written recantation of her visions and signs from God before he can hear her confession. The "Conscience" tells Joan that she has just signed away God\'s existence and that she has abandoned God. The relieved Bishop shows the signed written recantation to the English and tells them that Joan can no longer be burned as a heretic and that now only the English government, and not the Church, can turn her into a martyr. The frustrated English devise another way to have Joan executed by the church instead of by them. English soldiers go into Joan\'s cell room, rip her clothes and give her men\'s clothing to wear. They tell Cauchon that she conjured a spell to make the new clothing appear, which suggests that she is an evil witch who must be burned immediately. Although suspecting that the English may have forced the new clothes on Joan, a disappointed Cauchon nonetheless abandons Joan to her fate, reneging on his promise to hear her confession. The "Conscience", however, offers to hear her last confession: her signs were only what she wanted to believe and were not sent by God; she had fought in the name of revenge for her sister\'s death; she admits that she had been selfish and cruel. Joan is slowly burned alive in the marketplace of Rouen.'] ["Rita O'Grady leads the 1968 Ford sewing machinists strike at the Ford Dagenham plant, where female workers walk out in protest against sexual discrimination, demanding equal pay. The strike is successful and leads to the Equal Pay Act 1970."] ["The film has no spoken dialogue, just lighthearted music playing throughout the background. A young girl is walking down a snow-covered street of Barcelona. She stumbles across a wall with names written in chalk on it. She adds her name, Alma, to the wall. Opposite the wall is what appears to be a closed toy shop. The doll in the window looks like Alma, and she is fascinated by it. She looks away briefly, and when she looks back the doll has moved from the window to a table in the center of the shop. She finds the door is locked, and angrily leaves, but hears the door open as she walks away. She excitedly walks in and the door closes slightly; there is no one else in the store. Alma stumbles upon a small boy doll riding a tricycle which has fallen over. She picks it up and places it on the floor upright, and it heads towards the door, but the door closes on its own. While the little boy continues to slam against the door, Alma sees that the doll has somehow moved up to the shelves. She climbs up the shelf and reaches for the doll's face. In an instant the doll's eyes move, and a quick flash of images, and suddenly the lens is through the glass eyes of a doll, sitting on a shelf in the shop. As the camera pans away, we see that Alma has become the doll and is looking around the store like all the other dolls, trapped and unable to move. As the camera pans out, another doll appears in the window suggesting the appearance of the next victim."] [' The film begins with a historical overview, starting at its Hawaiian beginnings, then moves on to focus on the dangerous lure of big wave surfing . The documentary chronicles the evolution of riding at Hawaii\'s Waimea Bay in the 1950s, the revolution of lighter boards, and tow-in surfing to allow for "riding giants". Three surfers who are part of this multi-generational evolution are spotlighted: Greg Noll is shown as a fearless big wave rider during the 1950s and 60s; Jeff Clark who discovered Mavericks in Northern California and surfed there alone for years; and Laird Hamilton, the contemporary surfer who brings tow-in riding to the limelight.'] ['The Story of the Kelly Gangs tone is of sorrow, depicting Ned Kelly as "the Last of the Bushrangers, and his friends Dan Kelly, Steve Hart and Joe Byrne," presenting the police hiding under the bed when Aaron Sherritt is shot  and portraying school master Curnow\'s action of warning the train as heroic  Among the surviving images are two scenes that suggest considerable sophistication for that time. The scene of the police shooting parrots in the bush skillfully positions the shooter in the middle ground to the left of the image, firing upwards toward the far right, with the gang watching him from close foreground. The capture of Ned is shot from the viewpoint of the police, as Ned advances, an impressive figure weaving towards them under the weight of his armour and the shock of the bullets. According to the synopsis given in the surviving program, the film originally comprised six sequences. Some confusion regarding the plot has emerged as a result of a variant poster from the film dating from 1910. Its similar  photos suggest that either the film was being added to, or altered, or an entirely new version was made by Johnson and Gibson, as the poster proclaims.http://www.prov.vic.gov.au/provcasts/images/NedKellyPosterBefore2.jpg Fragments of another version of the story, “the Perth fragment,” shows Aaron Sherritt being shot outside, in front of an obviously painted canvas flat. This now appears to be from a different film altogether, perhaps a cheap imitation by a theatrical company, keen to cash in on the success of the original.Ina Bertrand and Ken Robb  "The Story of the Kelly Gang". Cinema Papers, No. 36, February 1982, p.18-22'] ['In 1959, Louis Simo , a Los Angeles private investigator more interested in generating an income than in devotion to his clients, is helping out a client named Chester Sinclair by spying on Chester\'s wife, under the impression that she is cheating on him, by taking pictures outside of a building she goes to from time to time. On a visit to see his son and ex-wife Laurie, Simo learns that his son is upset over the death of George Reeves, the actor who played Superman on television. Reeves was recently found dead inside his Beverly Hills home with a gunshot wound to the head, which lead the police to rule his death as suicide. Simo learns from a former colleague on the police force that the Reeves suicide has aspects that the cops don\'t want to touch. Simo, sensing the potential for making a name for himself, begins investigating the case and notes several apparent conflicts with the official version of Reeves\'s death. Simultaneously Simo bickers with Laurie over his failures as a father, particularly now when his son seems so troubled. In 1951, Reeves, a charming man whose acting career has stalled, catches the eye of a beautiful woman and they end the night in each other\'s arms. In the morning, a newspaper photo reveals to Reeves that the woman is Toni Mannix, the wife of Eddie Mannix, the general manager of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Frightened that an affair with a studio boss\'s wife will destroy what\'s left of his career, Reeves is angry that Toni didn\'t tell him. Toni, however, tells Reeves that she and Eddie have an open relationship and not to worry. The pair fall in love and the much wealthier Toni begins to buy Reeves expensive gifts such as a house, a car and jewelry. During their relationship Reeves gets the starring role in the television show Adventures of Superman. The role makes Reeves famous and gives him a steady income, but he longs for a more "serious" role and is uncomfortable with the public identification of him as Superman. As the years pass and Toni ages, Reeves becomes bitter at being a kept man and at Toni for not using her clout to help his career. He meets a young woman in New York, Leonore Lemmon, and leaves Toni for her. Toni is broken-hearted and furious, and Eddie seethes at her "mistreatment" by Reeves. Meanwhile, Simo initially suspects that Leonore Lemmon might have accidentally shot Reeves during an argument and imagines how the scenario might have played out. Later, Simo arrives back home to find thugs, who apparently were working for Eddie Mannix, in his house who beat Simo in hopes of scaring him off the case. This and other evidence lead Simo to suspect that Eddie had Reeves murdered and, again, Simo imagines what such an event might have looked like. Simo then learns that his client Chester Sinclair has murdered his wife because he got tired of waiting for information from Simo. A stricken and guilt-plagued Simo gets drunk and visits his son at school, but his inebriation scares the boy. Later, Simo visits Reeves\' manager, Arthur Weissman. Weissman speaks highly of Reeves and his charm. He gives Simo a home movie Reeves had shot in hopes of promoting wrestling work. What Simo sees in the film suggests to him a sadness in Reeves, a weariness and humiliation with where his life has led. Simo\'s final imagined variation on Reeves\' death concludes with the actor shooting himself. This is the most vivid of the three scenarios, with Simo imagining himself standing in the corner of the upstairs bedroom, and even making eye contact briefly with the weary Reeves. Each of the scenes imagined by Simo begins with Reeves playing guitar and singing "Aquellos Ojos Verdes" in Spanish for his house guests. Reeves himself was fluent in Spanish. The Spanish lyrics of the popular song lament a love that can never be fulfilled. After each of the three imagined renditions, Reeves says goodnight to his guests, then retires to his bedroom upstairs, just before the gunshot. Reeves\' quest for fame and success and Simo\'s realization of how that quest is paralleled in his own existence causes the detective to re-evaluate his life. Simo watches another home movie, this one of himself and Laurie and their son in happier days. The film ends with Simo coming to Laurie\'s house wearing a suit and tie, and greeting his son hopefully.'] ['Christopher Walken portrays Harry Nash, a hardware store clerk who has achieved a degree of local celebrity due to his powerful performances in community theater. Yet when not on the stage or in a rehearsal, Harry retreats into an insecure and painfully shy personality. The story is set in motion when Helene Walsh , a woman intending to stay in town for only a few weeks, is talked into auditioning for the role of Stella, opposite Harry\'s Stanley Kowalski in a production of A Streetcar Named Desire. Ignoring warnings of Harry\'s introverted personality, Helene falls in love with Harry\'s "Stanley" persona, and mistakes his cluelessness and shyness for rejection. This results in a clumsy and uneven performance on the second night of the play, but Helene bounces back in time for closing night, due to an inspiration; her closing-night gift to Harry is a copy of Romeo and Juliet. Harry and Helene find that they can pursue a relationship by reciting stage romances to each other, and the story ends with him proposing in character, from a scene in Oscar Wilde\'s The Importance of Being Earnest.'] ['The Empire of Japan had been at war with China since 1937 before declaring war on the United States and the United Kingdom. During the conflict, Jamie Graham, a British upper middle class schoolboy living in Shanghai, is separated from his parents. He spends some time living in his deserted house and eating remnants of food; eventually, he ventures out into the city and finds it bustling with Japanese troops. Jamie is captured along with Basie, an American sailor, who nicknames him "Jim". They are taken to Lunghua Civilian Assembly Center in Shanghai, but are eventually moved to Suzhou Creek Internment Camp. By 1945, a few months before the end of the Pacific War, Jim has established a good living, despite the poor conditions of the camp. He has an extensive trading network, even involving the camp\'s commanding officer, Sergeant Nagata. Dr. Rawlins, the camp\'s British doctor, becomes a father figure to Jim. Through the barbwire fencing, Jim befriends a Japanese teenager, who shares Jim\'s dream of becoming a pilot. Still idolizing Basie, Jim frequently visits him in the American soldiers\' barracks. At one point, Basie charges him to set snare traps outside the wire of the camp and while Jim succeeds, thanks to the help of the Japanese teenager from the other side, the real reason for sending Jim into the marsh was actually to test the area for mines, not to catch game. As a reward, Basie allows him to move into the American barracks with him. Basie then plots to escape. Nagata visits Basie\'s barracks and Nagata beats him severely after discovering a stolen bar of Japanese soap hidden under a table. While Basie is in the infirmary, his possessions are stolen by other men in the camp. One morning at dawn, Jim witnesses a kamikaze ritual of three Japanese pilots at the air base. Overcome with emotion at the solemnity of the ceremony, he begins to sing the Welsh song Suo Gân. Later, the camp comes under attack by a group of American P-51 Mustang fighter aircraft. As a result of the attack, the Japanese decide to evacuate the camp. During the confusion of the attack, Basie escapes, leaving Jim behind, although he had promised to let Jim come with him. The camp\'s population marches through the wilderness, where many die of fatigue, starvation, and disease. During the march, Jim witnesses a flash from the atomic bombing of Nagasaki hundreds of miles away, and later hears news of Japan\'s surrender and the end of the war. Jim sneaks away from the group and goes back to Soochow Creek, nearly dead from starvation. He encounters the Japanese teenager he knew earlier, who has since become a pilot and appears distraught at the surrender of his country. The youth remembers Jim and offers him a mango, cutting it for him with his katana. As Jim is about to eat it, Basie reappears with a group of armed Americans, who have arrived to loot the Red Cross containers that were dropped after the Japanese surrender. One of the Americans, thinking Jim is in danger, shoots and kills the Japanese youth. Jim, furious, beats the American who shot his friend. Basie drags him off and promises to take him back to Shanghai to find his parents, but Jim refuses the offer and stays behind. He is found by American soldiers and put in an orphanage in Shanghai with other children who had lost their parents. When his parents come looking for him, Jim is so scarred from his experiences that he does not recognize them at first.'] ['Red Nichols  is a small-town cornet player who moves to New York City in the 1920s and finds work in a band led by Wil Paradise . He meets and marries singer Bobbie Meredith , and the two form their own Dixieland band called "The Five Pennies" (a play on Nichols\' name, since a [[Nickel . As their popularity peaks, their young daughter Dorothy  contracts polio and the family leaves the music business, moving to Los Angeles. When Dorothy becomes a teen  she learns of her father\'s music career and persuades him go on a comeback tour. The tour borders on failure until several notable musicians from Nichols\' past appear to save the day.'] ['{{Plot|date"CWB">{{Citation}}  Stacie spends time arranging payment plans for the medical bills, and praying for Laurel. As a result of chemotherapy, Laurel\'s hair begins to fall out. Stacie shaves Laurel\'s head for her and Laurel returns the favor, saying that Stacie now looks more like she did when the couple first met. Six New Jersey counties make the decision to extend pension benefits to domestic partners. Don Bennett says that the Ocean County Freeholders are now under increasing pressure from the press and cannot come up with a good reason for their refusal to do likewise. Although the Freeholders attribute their decision to financial reasons, Dane Wells believes that one or two of the board oppose change, and that the other board members are backing them up. He says that John Kelly has said that his personal belief is that the change would violate the sanctity of marriage, but that this is not the official position of the Freeholders. Laurel grows increasingly sick, losing all of her hair and finding it more difficult to breathe. She speaks of the difficulty of experiencing the physical changes of her illness and knowing that she will only ever get worse. When another Freeholder meeting is held, she is too sick too attend, so she videotapes a message instead. In the tape, she asks the Freeholders to sign the resolution and make a change "for good and righteousness". At the meeting the Freeholder\'s say that although Laurel has been a valuable employee, they will not allow her to pass on her pension. They say that although they have the money to do so, they will not pay pensions in the absence of a negotiated contract. John Kelly says that he has been misquoted in the press and that although it is a moral issue, he believes that Laurel is a moral person. When Dane Wells ask if they intend to change their minds before Laurel dies, the Freeholders decline to answer the question. Laurel is visited at home by a hospice worker. She says that her symptoms have gotten worse, that they scare her and that she is very concerned with when she will die. When the hospice worker asks her what is most important, Laurel answers "Stacie". Under mounting pressure, and following a telephone call from Governor Jon Corzine at the urging of Garden State Equality, the Freeholders call an emergency meeting. Stacie and Laurel, now in a wheelchair, attend the meeting. Freeholder Bartlett says that it is time to change the situation. The Freeholder of the county makes a motion to pass a resolution to expand pension benefits to county employees under the provisions of the law. The four Freeholders present agree. John Kelly does not attend the meeting. Laurel speaks briefly to news reporters and receives a standing ovation from the people present, including the Freeholders. Laurel goes home to die and the final scene of the film shows her memorial service, attended by Stacie, Dane and her police colleagues. Nine months after her death, the New Jersey Supreme Court rules that same sex couples must have the same rights as heterosexual couples, forcing the state legislature to legalise civil unions in New Jersey.'] ['An estimated 1.7 million Cambodians died during the rule of the Khmer Rouge, a radical communist movement led by Pol Pot. Among the victims were Thet Sambath’s mother, father and brother. He says he did not understand why the Khmer Rouge unleashed such violence on their compatriots. In 1999 he decided to seek confessions and explanations from former Khmer Rouge officials at all levels. None had previously admitted any killings.{{cite news}} Towards the end of the film Sambath brings Khoun and Suon to meet Nuon Chea and the three former Khmer Rouge comrades try to fathom the history of which they were each a lethal part. Throughout his three years of research, Sambath omitted to tell Nuon Chea of his family’s fate in Democratic Kampuchea. At the end of the film and just before Nuon Chea’s arrest, Sambath tells the whole story to the former Khmer Rouge leader.{{cite news}} The film also features appearances by Pol Pot, President Richard Nixon and Deng Yingzhao, the widow of Chinese Premier Zhou Enlai.'] ['Evita traces the life of Eva Duarte  ([[Madonna  from a child from the lower class to becoming the first lady and spiritual leader of Argentina. Eva\'s death is announced in a movie theater and a public funeral is held in Buenos Aires. Che , an everyman, narrates the story of Eva\'s rise to power and later illness and death, appearing in many different guises and serving as Eva\'s conscience and critic. As a young child, Eva attempts to attend her father\'s funeral in the town of Junín with her mother and siblings. Despite her father\'s wife and other family denying her family from entering, Eva pays her last respects to her father. Years later, Eva decides to leave Junín to seek a better life in Buenos Aires with a tango singer, Agustín Magaldi , with whom she is having an affair. After Magaldi leaves her, she progresses through several relationships with increasingly influential men, becoming a model, actress and radio personality, until her fateful meeting with Colonel Juan Perón  at a fundraiser. Perón\'s connection with Eva lends him a populist air, since she is from the working class . Eva has a radio show during Perón\'s rise and uses all her skills to promote Perón, even when the controlling administration has him jailed in an attempt to stunt his political momentum. The groundswell of support Eva generates forces the government to release Perón, and he finds the people enamored of him and Eva. Perón wins election to the presidency and Eva promises the new government will serve the "descamisados" . At the start of the Perón government, Eva glamors herself up in fur and jewels and enjoys the privileges of being the first lady. Soon after, Eva embarks on the infamous "Rainbow Tour" to Europe. While there she gets mixed receptions from the people; the people of Spain adore her; the people of Italy call her whore and throw things (such as [[Egg  at her, while the Pope gives her a small, meager gift; and the French, while kind to her were also upset that she was forced to leave early as "she seemed to lose interest, she seemed tired"; . Upon returning to Argentina, Eva establishes a foundation and distributes aid while the Perónists otherwise plunder the public treasury. Argentine society is very class-based, and the military officer corps and social elites despise Eva\'s common roots and affinity for the poor. However, over time, as Eva\'s illness begins to worsen, she is hospitalized and told she is terminally ill. Eventually, as her illness progresses, she declines the position of Vice President she was offered and makes one final broadcast to the people of Argentina. Towards the end of her life, she understands that her life was short because she shone like the "brightest fire" and helps Perón prepare to go on without her. A large crowd surrounds the Casa Rosada in a candlelight vigil praying for her recovery when the light of her room goes out, signifying her death. Eva\'s funeral is shown again. Ché is seen at her coffin, laying the blame of her death on Perón. Then he walks up to her glass coffin; kisses it; and walks into the crowd of passing mourners.'] ['In nineteenth century France, the radical theories of Louis Pasteur  are dismissed by most doctors, particularly his most vocal critic, Dr. Charbonnet . Nonetheless, Pasteur carries on, with the assistance of a small group of loyal researchers, and finds a cure for anthrax. He also campaigns to have doctors wash their hands and sterilize their instruments before operating. When a frantic mother  brings him her son ([[Dickie Moore , who has been bitten by a rabid dog, Pasteur is persuaded to try out his untested treatment on the child. In the end, he is vindicated and honored.'] ['Over four hundred orphans from Buchenwald were sent to an orphanage in France where they were educated and cared for.{{Citation}} The inhuman treatment they had received in the concentration camps meant the boys needed to relearn how to live in society. The boys of Buchenwald spent their childhoods surrounded by terror and death, and, as a result, they were rebellious against authority, full of anger and under-educated. In fact, society viewed child survivors as damaged goods who would go on to become psychopaths. The boys had to relearn everything &mdash; even their meals proved challenging. Their extreme hunger and inexperience with ordinary behavior had robbed them of table manners. They threw food, shoved it in their pockets to save for later, and gorged themselves, clearing their plates in a matter of minutes. With the help of benevolent guardians, who gave consistent discipline, the boys slowly relearned how to behave. Once it was time to leave the orphanage and go out on their own, many of the boys moved to Australia or Canada to distance themselves from their awful pasts. There, they established homes and careers near one another so they could still come together for meals and Jewish holidays.'] ["In 1924 mountaineer George Mallory was torn between love for his wife Ruth, and his obsession with the last great adventure left to man: becoming the first person to reach the summit of the untouched Mount Everest. Dressed in gabardine and wearing hobnailed boots, Mallory risked everything in pursuit of his dream, but was last seen alive 800 feet below the summit. Then the clouds rolled in and he disappeared into legend. His death stunned the world. After discovering Mallory’s body on Everest in 1999, modern climber Conrad Anker’s life became intertwined with Mallory’s story. Remarkably, Mallory’s frozen body was found with all his belongings intact. The only thing missing was a photograph of Ruth, which Mallory had promised to place on the summit. Haunted by Mallory's story, Conrad returns to Everest with British climbing prodigy Leo Houlding to discover the truth about this compelling and gilded man from a bygone era and to unravel the mysteries surrounding his disappearance. Conrad Anker and his climbing partner take on the Second Step without the use of the fixed ladder; free climbing it with the use of some modern safety precautions , to evaluate if indeed Mallory was capable of climbing the Second Step himself in 1924."] ["Drama about the tragic Nanga Parbat expedition by the two Messner brothers in 1970, on which Reinhold Messner's younger brother Günther died."] ['Guitarist Steve Jones plays a detective who - through a series of set piece acts - uncovers the truth about the band. Drummer Paul Cook and bass guitarist Sid Vicious play smaller roles, and the band\'s manager, Malcolm McLaren, is featured as "The Embezzler", the man who manipulates the Sex Pistols. Fugitive train robber Ronnie Biggs, performer Edward Tudor-Pole and actress Irene Handl also make appearances. The movie tells a stylised fictional account of the formation, rise and subsequent breakup of the band, from the point of view of their then-manager Malcolm McLaren. In the film, McLaren claims to create the Sex Pistols and manipulate them to the top of the music business, using them as puppets to both further his own agenda , and to claim the financial rewards from the various record labels the band were signed to during their brief history - EMI, A&M, Virgin, and Warner Bros. Records.'] ["The film portrays MacArthur's  life from 1942, before the Battle of Bataan, to 1952, the time after he had been removed from his Korean War command by President Truman  for insubordination, and is recounted in flashback as he visits West Point in 1962."] ['The movie focuses on Antwone "Fish" Fisher , a temperamental young man in the navy with a violent history. It is set in America in the 1990s. His father was killed before he was born and his teenage mother, Eva Mae Fisher, ended up arrested soon after and put in jail where she gave birth to him. He was then placed in an orphanage until she got out to claim him. When she never claimed him, Antwone was placed in a foster home at two years old ran by a religious couple Mr. and Mrs. Tate . There, Antwone faced abuse by Mrs. Tate mentally and physically for many years until he finally left the home at age fourteen. Living out on the streets for the next few years he decided to join the U.S. Navy to make something out of his life. However the rough life he had as child caused him to have a violent temper at this point. After getting into a fight with a fellow sailor, Antwone is sentenced to be demoted, fined, and restricted to the ship for 45 days. His commanding officer also orders him to go to psychiatric treatment. Antwone goes in to meet Dr. Jerome Davenport . Davenport attempts to get him to open up, but Antwone is at first extremely resistant. During his sessions, Antwone develops feelings for a fellow Naval personnel, Cheryl . Still getting into altercations, Davenport tries to explore Antwone\'s feelings for Cheryl to channel Antwone\'s feelings into something positive. Antwone finally goes on a date with Cheryl and establishes a relationship with her. While on leave in Mexico, Antwone\'s sexuality is called into question by a fellow personnel he had previously called an "Uncle Tom". The personnel\'s comments have an impact on Antwone and he gets into yet another fight. Antwone\'s thrown into jail. Davenport meets him in jail, where Antwone confided he was sexually abused as a child by Nadine Tate , a member of the Tate household. Later on, Antwone eventually reveals to Cheryl that he sees a shrink and they share their first kiss. At Thanksgiving dinner, Davenport advises Antwone to find his real family. Antwone refuses, but thanks Davenport before inviting him to a graduation ceremony. Following the graduation ceremony, Davenport tells Antwone he\'s ending the sessions and feels Antwone needs to progress on his own. Antwone breaks down and feels everyone has abandoned him. He reveals his best friend was killed during an attempted robbery and he resents his friend for leaving him behind. Realizing he needs to find his parents to find closure, Antwone asks Cheryl to go with him to Cleveland. After a dead end at social services Antwone decides to return to the Tate household. There he confronts an older Nadine and Mrs. Tate about their abuses toward him. Mrs. Tate ultimately reveals Antwone\'s father\'s name: Edward Elkins. After looking through multiple telephone books, Antwone comes into contact with his Aunt Annette  and visits her. Antwone learns his mother  lives nearby, and goes to visit her. She sits in silence after he reveals to her that he\'s her firstborn. Antwone finds closure, forgives her, and leaves. When he returns to the Elkins household, he finds a feast prepared for him and finds the family he lost. At the end of the film, Antwone visits Davenport and thanks him for everything. Davenport then replies that it is he who should be thanking Antwone. Davenport reveals to Antwone that he was slowly shutting down his life until the day he met Antwone. The movie draws to a close as Davenport and Antwone go to eat.'] ['The film begins with a pre-credit sequence depicting Operation Flipper, a British commando raid whose aim is to assassinate Rommel. It fails. After the credits, the story is introduced by narrator Michael Rennie, who dubs the voice of then Lieutenant-Colonel Desmond Young, who plays himself in the film. Young is captured and meets Rommel briefly as a prisoner of war; he states that Rommel was not only his enemy at the time, but an enemy of civilization, and makes it his mission after the war to discover what really happened to Rommel during the final years of his life &mdash; at the time that Young wrote his book, it was believed that Rommel had died as a result of the wounds he had suffered when an Allied fighter strafed his staff car. The movie flashbacks to the period of 1941-42, as the British prepare to counterattack Egypt, directed by General Bernard Montgomery: The Germans are defeated at El Alamein in 1942. The situation is made worse when Rommel is ordered by Adolf Hitler  to stand fast and not retreat, even in the face of overwhelming Allied superiority in men and supplies, but the retreat is allowed. Rommel becomes increasingly disillusioned with Hitler after his pleas to evacuate his men are dismissed. An ailing Rommel is sent back to Germany to recuperate while his beloved Afrika Korps is driven back across North Africa and destroyed. Rommel is approached while in hospital by an old family friend, Dr. Karl Strölin , with a request that he join a group plotting to overthrow Hitler. Rommel is very hesitant. Dr. Strölin departs, and immediately afterward evades a Gestapo agent assigned to watch him. Rommel is placed in charge of defending the Atlantic Wall against the anticipated Allied invasion, though he knows the "wall" offers little protection against invasion. When the Allies land in France on 6 June, 1944, he and his superior, Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt , are handicapped by Hitler\'s astrological belief that it is a diversion, with the real invasion to come at the Strait of Dover. As a result, they are denied urgently-needed reinforcements, allowing the Allies to secure a beachhead. This is the final straw. Rommel joins the conspiracy. However, when he tries to recruit von Rundstedt, the latter excuses himself by stating he is too old for such things, but wishes Rommel well, saying that he will succeed him by morning.  Plans are set in motion to remove Hitler. Rommel finally insists on meeting Hitler personally in an effort to persuade him to see reason. Hitler does not heed Rommel\'s gloomy predictions about the war, screaming that wonder weapons in development will turn the tide. Shortly afterward, Rommel is seriously injured when his car is strafed by an Allied aeroplane. Thus, he is recovering in a hospital when, on 20 July, 1944, Colonel Claus von Stauffenberg  plants a bomb in Hitler\'s conference room. It goes off, but the Führer survives. Thousands of suspects are tracked down and executed. An official silence surrounds Rommel. General Wilhelm Burgdorf  is sent by Hitler to present Rommel with a stark choice: be charged with treason, for which the penalty will be excruciating death by garroting, or commit painless suicide. It would be announced that he had died of his previous injuries, he would receive a hero\'s burial, and Hitler\'s regime would avoid embarrassment. Rommel initially chooses to defend himself in the People\'s Court, but when Burgdorf hints that his family would suffer from his decision, chooses suicide to protect his wife and son. He has the option of receiving a painless drug Burgdorf has brought, and he must do so before evening. He takes leave of his wife, aide-de-camp  and son , and departs with Burgdorf. As the car is driven away, the film ends with  Desmond Young\'s speculation about Rommel\'s last thoughts, with brief visual flash-backs of his earlier victories in the Western Desert Campaign from Tobruk through El Alamein, and a final action close-up of Rommel standing in the gun turret of his tank as head of his panzer forces in Africa, with a voice-over tribute uttered in a 1942 speech before Parliament by "his bitterest enemy" Winston Churchill, praising the famed Desert Fox.'] ["To spice things up for his organization, newly-hired Eagles head coach Dick Vermeil decides to hold open tryouts in 1976 for a spot on the pro football team's roster. Vince Papale is a 30-year-old bartender who has just lost his part-time teaching job. He had gone to Saint Joseph's University  on a track scholarship. Disgusted with his professional failure his wife, Sharon , abruptly leaves him, taking all of their furniture with her and leaving a note saying that he never will be anything in the world. With the support of all his friends from the neighborhood, Papale goes out for an open tryout practice; catching the attention of coach Vermeil, he is invited to come along to training camp. Papale eventually makes the team, and after a dismal display in the opening game of the season, he recovers a fumble and returns it for a touchdown in the second regular season game versus the New York Giants, which leads to Vermeil's first victory with the Eagles."] ['In 1987, Eastside High School in Paterson, New Jersey, is plagued with numerous problems, especially drugs and gang violence. Furthermore, the students scored poorly on the state\'s test of minimum basic skills. During the opening credits sequence, after a teacher is brutally beaten for trying to break up a fight and the state legislature has recently passed a law proclaiming that schools that cannot meet minimum test requirements will be put in receivership, Mayor Bottman  consults school superintendent Dr. Frank Napier , who suggests the school hire elementary school principal Joe Louis Clark, aka "Crazy Joe" , who was a teacher at Eastside High 20 years before, as the new principal. The mayor is reluctant at first as he knows about the trouble the radical Clark has caused in the past, but Clark is hired. Tension arises immediately when Clark dismisses from the school hundreds of students identified as drug dealers or abusers and troublemakers. A meeting between the parents of those students and the academic board only fans the flames. The next day, Clark runs into one of the expelled youths, Thomas Sams , who asks to be let back into the school. In a dramatic rooftop scene, Clark gives him a sharp lecture about crack and what can happen to Sams if he keeps on using it. Clark then dares Sams to commit suicide by jumping off the roof, but Sams, breaking down in tears, refuses and promises to clean up his act. Clark grants him a second chance to turn things around. However, another expelled student manages to get inside the school and attack another student before Clark comes to break up the fight. Knowing he is breaking the fire code, Clark orders all doors chained and locked during school hours to keep drug dealers out, and enlists security guards to keep the fire chief out of the school. Clark\'s unusual methods lead him to clash with numerous teachers and with his vice principal Mrs. Levias . He fires one teacher and suspends another for clashing with him in front of the students, though the suspension is reversed by the superintendent. The students take a practice version of the basic skills test, but only 33% of them pass it . Clark embarks on a campaign to prepare the students for the real test, culminating in a motivational assembly the morning of the exam. Over the school year, the students bond with Mr. Clark, not just as a principal, but as a father figure. Clark highly values school pride, and several times throughout the film insists that all students learn the school song and be able to perform it on demand. Meanwhile, one parent whose son was expelled from Eastside by Clark, Leona Barrett , aligns herself with the mayor in an effort to oust Clark. The fire chief eventually catches Clark with chains on the doors and Barrett makes a tape recording of him ordering them removed during a surprise inspection. Clark\'s arrest comes after a key scene involving Kaneesha , who remembers Clark from grade school. Clark is offering counsel about Kaneesha\'s unplanned pregnancy just before he is arrested. That night, while Clark is in jail and the mayor is preparing to remove him, the entire student body converges on the Central Office of the Paterson Board of Education. They demand that Clark be released from jail and retained as principal. Mrs. Barrett tries to convince the students that Clark has made too many wrong decisions and is not the right man to be principal of Eastside, and asks that they return to their homes before any trouble starts. The students claim that Clark cares for them and has done so much good that they will not accept anyone else as their principal, and shout down Mrs. Barrett with chants and cheers. Eventually, Clark is freed from custody, and to good news: enough students passed the basic skills exam, which means the current administration will retain control over the school. With that, Clark shuns both Mrs. Barrett and the mayor: "You can tell the state to go to hell!" Then Clark leads his students in singing Eastside High\'s school song. The closing credits feature scenes of graduating Eastside High Class of 1988 seniors, including Sams.'] ['In the beginning of the film, Demosthenes is agitating for war to resist Philip II\'s takeover of Greek city-states. While Philip II is leading a campaign to take over Olynthus, he is informed that his spouse Olympias has born him a son whom she claims is "a god born of a god." Philip is angry because he suspects that Olympias has committed adultery and that she was not impregnated by a god; however, General Parmenio advises the king to let Alexander grow up and succeed him. Alexander grows older and receives instructions in history, mathematics, logic, and other subjects from Aristotle in Mieza. Alexander is eager to rule and tells his tutor that like Achilles he would rather have a "short life with glory" than a "long life of obscurity." Philip then decides to send Alexander to the Macedonian capital, Pella, as a regent to rule the city while Philip is away fighting wars. This was done to prevent Olympias from spreading rumors about her husband\'s death. Alexander uses this opportunity to rule in his own right—he becomes neither a pawn of his mother nor his father. Alexander later joins Philip and they go on campaigns of conquest together to take over places such as Athens in the Battle of Chaeronea in 338 BCE. After the battle is won, Alexander demands that no Greek city-state ever bear arms against Pella and that they supply men, arms, and ships for the war against Persia. Philip II divorces Olympias accusing her of "unfaithfulness" and marries Attalus\'s niece Eurydice thereby making her the new queen. This move creates a chasm between Alexander and his father not only because Alexander\'s mother has been repudiated but also because his succession hangs in the balance since some men in Philip\'s court see him as a bastard. Pausanias, a loyal friend of Alexander, assassinates Philip II whereupon Alexander kills Pausanias then and there. At this juncture, Alexander claims the loyalty of all Macedonians and assumes the titles of his father, and he tells all Macedonians that the Treaty of Corinth still stands. Memnon is exiled for not pledging his loyalty to Alexander. Alexander embarks on his mission to conquer the whole of Asia. Memon, who is now in Darius III\'s court, advises him to retreat strategically and attack Alexander when his supplies run out. However, the lords of Persia underestimate the "boy" Alexander and resolve to fight him at Granicus. After the victory at Granicus, Alexander goes to Phrygia and unravels the knot made by King Gordius by cutting it. Before the battle in Babylon, Alexander states that the lunar eclipse which some of his men thought was a bad omen means that "the Persian moon will be eclipsed by the Macedonian Sun" with which Aristander the seer agrees. After victory in Babylon, Darius III flees to the Caspian Gates to build and gather up an army; the dispirited commanders of Darius III kill him. In his will, Darius tells Alexander, "Take my daughter, Roxane, for your wife...that our worlds may become as one." Alexander then orders the lords of Persia that had committed regicide to be impaled upon stakes for their betrayal against their former kings. At a drunken revelry in Babylon, Alexander declares, "I am the son of God"  and "the world is my domain....We will march to the end of the world." In Athens, news reaches that Alexander is in India and is conquering there whereupon Aeschines proclaims, "He has outdone the gods." Alexander takes his status to heart, his arrogance and paranoia increasing to unstable proportions, but the bold young leader\'s conquests come to an end after he kills his close friend, Cleitus, with his spear after a drunken argument. Grief-stricken and humbled, Alexander returns to Babylon from India, losing many of his men in the process. He marries Roxane at Susa, but falls ill soon after. When asked upon his deathbed to whom he will leave his empire, Alexander whispers, "To the strongest."'] ['Love Shines follows Ron Sexsmith as he attempts to turn his niche following into mainstream success by recording his latest album with legendary producer Bob Rock.'] ["Valerie Plame is employed by the Central Intelligence Agency, a fact known outside the agency to no one except her husband and parents. She is an agent involved in a number of sensitive and sometimes dangerous covert operations overseas. Her husband, Joseph C. Wilson, is a diplomat who most recently has served as the U.S. ambassador to Gabon. Due to his earlier diplomatic background in Niger, Wilson is approached by Plame's CIA colleagues to travel there and glean information as to whether yellowcake uranium is being procured by Iraq for use in the construction of nuclear weapons. Wilson determines to his own satisfaction that it is not. After military action is taken by George W. Bush, who justifies it in a 2003 State of the Union address by alluding to the uranium's use in building weapons of mass destruction, Wilson submits an op-ed piece to The New York Times, claiming these reports to be categorically untrue. Plame's status as a CIA agent is subsequently revealed in the media, the leak possibly coming from White House officials, including the Vice President's chief of staff and national security adviser, Scooter Libby, in part to discredit her husband's allegation that the Bush administration had manipulated intelligence to justify the invasion of Iraq. As a result, Plame is instantly dismissed from the agency, leaving several of her delicate operations in limbo and creating a rift in her marriage. Plame leaves her husband, further angered by his granting of television and print interviews, which expose them both to public condemnation and death threats. Wilson ultimately persuades her, however, that there is no other way to fight a power as great as that of the White House for citizens like them. Plame returns to him and testifies before a Congressional committee, while Libby is convicted of perjury and obstruction of justice and given a 30-month prison sentence, although President Bush commutes the jail time on Libby's behalf."] ["For Grizzly Man, Herzog used sequences extracted from more than 85 hours of video footage shot by Treadwell during the last five years of his life, and conducted interviews with Treadwell's family and friends, as well as bear and nature experts. Park rangers and bear experts give counterpoints to statements and actions by Treadwell, such as his repeated claims that he is defending the bears from poachers. Park rangers point out that while the bears may be subject to habitat loss and climate change, etc. there was never a recorded incident of poaching at this national park. Treadwell had also convinced himself that he had gained the trust of certain bears, enough to walk up and pet them like dogs. Park rangers again point out that bears are still wild and potentially dangerous animals, and that it was amazing that Treadwell survived as many years as he did without being mauled. One park ranger is so astonished by Treadwell's actions that he thinks the bears themselves were so confused by Treadwell's direct casual contact that they weren't quite sure how to react at first. Moreover, other park rangers point out that not only were the bears not under threat from any poachers, but Treadwell himself almost assuredly put the bears in danger: by familiarizing them with human contact, he increased the likelihood that they would approach human habitation looking for food, possibly resulting in a confrontation in which animal control would have to kill them. Ironically, if there were potential poachers, Treadwell's contact with the bears would have removed their fear of human contact, meaning they would not flee the hunters. Herzog also narrates, and offers his own interpretations of the events. In his narration, he depicts Treadwell as a disturbed man who may have had a death wish toward the end of his life, but does not condemn him for this. The film refers to an audio recording of the fatal attack captured by Treadwell's video camera, and although Herzog is shown listening to it on earphones clearly disturbed, it is not played in the film. In fact, Herzog advises Palovak  to destroy it immediately rather than listen to it. He later repudiated his own advice, saying it was “Stupid...silly advice born out of the immediate shock of hearing—I mean, it’s the most terrifying thing I’ve ever heard in my life. Being shocked like that, I told her, ‘You should never listen to it, and you should rather destroy it. It should not be sitting on your shelf in your living room all the time.’ [But] she slept over it and decided to do something much wiser. She did not destroy it but separated herself from the tape, and she put it in a bank vault.” {{cite web}} Palovak later receives Treadwell's wristwatch from the coroner, who found it on Treadwell's arm, one of the few remaining pieces of his body. This same watch was spoken of earlier in the film by Willy Fulton, the pilot who discovered the bodies of Treadwell and his girlfriend. During the movie, he recalls seeing the lone arm with the wristwatch and not being able to keep the image out of his mind."] ['The film includes profiles of twenty-two notable and influential talents in the comics field, such as Charles Burns, Art Spiegelman, Françoise Mouly, Frank Miller, Stan Lee, Will Eisner, Robert Crumb, Harvey Pekar and William M. Gaines. In interviews, the creators discuss their contributions and history, and read passages from their works over filmograph animations. Montages of comics through the decades, archival scenes of politically important moments, and a live-action Zippy the Pinhead are featured.'] ["Using film made at American prisons, Leuchter talked about his upbringing where his father was a corrections officer. Through his family associations, young Leuchter claimed he was able to witness an execution performed in an electric chair. Leuchter's impressions of the event was that the electric chairs used by American prisons were unsafe and often ineffective. The event led him to design modifications to the device that were adopted by many American states. Leuchter claimed he was invited to other American prisons to inspect and design modifications to their electric chairs. Though not possessing any formal training or education in the matter Leuchter claims he was told that the individuals who did possess formal and accepted qualifications would not provide advice due to their opinions on the death penalty, fear of reprisals or that they were squeamish about the subject. Leuchter's career continued with other state prisons seeking his advice on execution facilities other than electrocution, such as gas chambers and lethal injection. Though initially professing his ignorance of other methods of execution, the authorities seeking his advice reminded him that others with more qualifications refused to help. Leuchter claimed to have taught himself on these other methods of execution and provided advice that was used by the authorities to improve safety and efficiency. His fall began when Leuchter claimed to have been sought as a witness for the defence of Ernst Zündel on trial in Canada for publishing and sending material denying the Holocaust overseas. Leuchter was asked by the defence to travel to Poland to visit Auschwitz to investigate whether there had been operating gas chambers for executions at the camp. At his first examination Leuchter felt that using poison gas in a building with the internal and external design of the buildings currently on display in the site would have caused the death of everyone in the area outside the buildings as well as inside. The film shows videotape footage taken in Poland of Leuchter taking samples of bricks in the buildings to take back to the United States forensic science crime labs to determine whether there was evidence of poison gas in the material. As per the usual procedure the samples were not identified where they came from. Leuchter claimed the laboratories claimed there was not any trace of any poison gas at any time. As publicity ensued, Leuchter lost his positions as consultants to American prisons."] ["Oakland Athletics general manager Billy Beane  is upset by his team's loss to the New York Yankees in the 2001 postseason. With the impending departure of star players Johnny Damon, Jason Giambi, and Jason Isringhausen to free agency, Beane attempts to devise a strategy for assembling a competitive team for 2002 but struggles to overcome Oakland's limited player payroll. During a visit to the Cleveland Indians, Beane meets Peter Brand , a young Yale economics graduate with radical ideas about how to assess players' value. Beane tests Brand's theory by asking whether he would have drafted him , Beane having been a Major League player before becoming general manager. Though scouts considered Beane a phenomenal player, his career in the Major Leagues was disappointing. After some prodding, Brand admits that he would not have drafted him until the ninth round and that Beane should probably have accepted a scholarship to Stanford instead. Sensing opportunity, Beane hires Brand as the Athletics' assistant general manager. The team's scouts are first dismissive of and then hostile towards Brand's non-traditional sabermetric approach to scouting players, most notably Grady Fuson  – who is fired by Beane after insulting their approach, and takes to the radio airwaves and doubts the team's future. Rather than relying on the scouts' experience and intuition, Brand selects players based almost exclusively on their on base percentage . By finding players with a high OBP but with characteristics that lead scouts to dismiss them, Brand assembles a team of undervalued players with far more potential than the A's hamstrung finances would otherwise allow. Despite vehement objections from the scouts, Beane supports Brand's theory and hires the players he selected, such as unorthodox submarine pitcher Chad Bradford . Following the free agent signings, Beane finds that he also faces opposition from Art Howe , the Athletics' manager. With tensions already high between them because of a contract dispute, Howe disregards Beane and Brand's strategy and plays the team in a traditional style despite their unsuitability. Beane eventually trades away the lone traditional first baseman, Carlos Peña, to force Howe to use the new recruits. Early in the season, the Athletics fare poorly, leading critics within and outside the team to dismiss the new method as a dismal failure. Beane convinces the owner to stay the course, and eventually the team's record begins to improve. Ultimately, the Athletics win 20 consecutive games, setting the American League record. Their streak is capped with a victory over the Kansas City Royals. Like many baseball players, Beane is superstitious and avoids attending or sometimes even following games as they are in progress. His young daughter implores him to go to the A's final game against the Royals, where Oakland is already leading 11–0 after the third inning and appears set to advance their winning streak to a record-breaking 20. Beane arrives in the fourth inning, only to watch the team go to pieces and eventually allow the Royals to even the score 11–11. Finally, the A's do win, on a walk-off home run by one of Brand's picks, Scott Hatteberg. Then, despite all their success in the second half of the season, the A's lose in the first round of the postseason, this time to the Minnesota Twins. Miguel Tejada would go on to win the 2002 American League MVP and Barry Zito the 2002 American League Cy Young Award . Beane is disappointed, but satisfied at having demonstrated the value of his and Brand's methods. Beane is later approached by the owner of the Boston Red Sox, who realizes that the sabermetric model is the future of baseball, and offers to hire Beane as the general manager of the Red Sox. In closing, the film notes that Beane passed up the opportunity to become the general manager of the Boston Red Sox, despite an offer of a $12.5 million salary, which would have made him the highest-paid general manager in sports history. He returns to Oakland to continue managing the Athletics. Meanwhile, two years after adopting the sabermetric model, the Boston Red Sox win their first World Series since 1918."] ["The Menno Meyjes directed drama stars Adrien Brody as Spanish bullfighter Manolete, in a film that covers his late life love affair with actress Lupe Sino  before he was gored to death in the bull ring. Sino's communist politics turned their affair into a scandal in the early 1940s, especially after discovering her previous marriage to a Stalinist-communist party member. <ref namehttp://www.deadline.com/2011/03/adrien-brody-penelope-cruz-pic-a-matadors-mistress-bypasses-theatrical-for-vod-release-by-gravitas-ventures/|titleFleming|first14 March 2011|publisher16 March 2011}} The film begins with Manolete's last day in Linares."] ['The film opens with Wyatt Earp as a teenager living on the family farm. His older brothers, Virgil and James, are away at war serving with the Union Army. Wyatt dreams of war, and packs some belongings, bids his younger brothers & sisters goodbye, and attempts to run away, intending to lie about his age and join the Union Army. He doesn\'t make it off the farm before his father catches him and forces him to return home. A short while later, both brothers return home at the war\'s end, with James gravely wounded. Shortly afterwards, the family moves west. It is during this move that Wyatt first sees a man killed, shot during a gunfight. He gets sick at the sight, and vomits. Years pass, finding him working out west as a wagon driver. During his time there, he works also as a referee for fights, and finds himself at odds with a bully. Wyatt and the bully eventually come to the point of fighting, with the bully intending to shoot Wyatt. Wyatt disarms him and defeats him, taking his gun as a trophy. Returning home to Missouri, Wyatt marries a childhood sweetheart, Urilla Sutherland . The two move into their own house, and he begins working as a policeman. Months later, while pregnant, his wife dies from Typhoid fever. He stays by her side throughout the illness, becoming deeply depressed afterward. He burns their home and all they own, begins drinking, and drifting from town to town, eventually landing in Pine Bluff, Arkansas. He robs a man and steals his horse, but is captured a short time later. With Wyatt facing certain hanging, his father bails him out of jail, telling him to leave and never return to Arkansas. He begins working as a buffalo hunter, where he meets Bat Masterson and his brother Ed Masterson. The three become friends and work together hunting buffalo, with the two brothers working as Wyatt\'s skinners. Years pass, and he begins working as a Deputy Marshal in Wichita, Kansas, and builds a reputation as a good lawman. He is recruited to work as a deputy in Dodge City, with a lower salary, but for extra money for each arrest made, in the end making more than he would have in Wichita. In Dodge City he builds a hard reputation, and he kills his first man, a shooting witnessed by actress Josie Marcus. Wyatt becomes involved romantically with a prostitute, Mattie Blaylock, and the Mastersons begin working with him as deputies. Wyatt disagrees with Ed Masterson working as a lawman, believing him to be too passive. However, the Dodge City council decides that Ed is more acceptable than Wyatt due to the latter\'s excessive force, and fires him, appointing Ed to take his place. Wyatt then begins working for the railroad, capturing outlaws. While pursuing outlaw Dave Rudabaugh, he is introduced to gunman and gambler Doc Holliday, in Fort Griffin, Texas, and the two become friends. Holliday assists Earp in locating Rudabaugh, whom he dislikes tremendously. Shortly afterward, Wyatt receives word that Ed Masterson has been killed, having shot and killed both his assailants before dying in the street. Wyatt returns to Dodge City to help bring law and order. After working there for a while, he and his family move to Tombstone, Arizona, under the protest of the Earp wives, and Mattie. Wyatt immediately finds himself at odds with the "Cowboy" gang. He meets and becomes romantically involved with Marcus, which puts him at odds with her boyfriend, Sheriff Behan. This relationship also causes stress in his relationship with Mattie, and becomes the subject of rumor about town. Wyatt and his brothers Morgan and Virgil arrest several Cowboys, and Virgil takes over as marshal following the murder of town marshal Fred White. The brothers find themselves at odds with the Cowboys often, and tension builds. Wyatt breaks up several altercations involving the Cowboys, particularly Ike Clanton , and Doc Holliday swears his loyalty to Wyatt, whom he considers his only real friend. Eventually the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral occurs, with the brothers becoming very unpopular in town. Virgil is ambushed and wounded, and Morgan is killed. The film then shows only a glimpse of the Vendetta Ride with Wyatt and his friends taking out revenge on the remaining "Cowboys", and then skips to many years later with him and Josie mining for gold in Alaska. While en route by boat, a young man on the same boat recognizes Wyatt, and recounts a story in which Wyatt had saved the boy\'s uncle, "Tommy Behind-The-Deuce". The film ends with Wyatt saying to Josie, "Some people say it didn\'t happen that way", to which she responds "Never mind them, Wyatt. It happened that way."'] ["The story follows John Belushi, shortly after his death from a drug overdose in March 1982, as he literally awakens in a morgue and is about to undergo an autopsy. Panicked, Belushi escapes and finds himself in the company of the enigmatic Angel Velasquez , a Puerto Rican cabbie who takes Belushi to significant moments in his life from the beginning of his career to the courtship of his wife, Judith , into his burgeoning comedy career, his friendship with Dan Aykroyd  and his eventual decline. The film alternates between Belushi as a ghost and his journey with Velasquez to flashbacks  as his career gains momentum. Meanwhile, journalist Bob Woodward  is researching Belushi's life as he prepares to write a book about the late comic actor. Woodward's investigation leads him to Cathy Smith , who procured drugs for Belushi, and the story climaxes with Woodward directly conversing with Belushi during the actor's dying moments."] ['The film opens in 1934 with Winston Churchill deep in his wilderness years, and struggling to complete his biography of his ancestor the Duke of Marlborough, which he hopes will revive his fortunes. Winston is chided by his wife Clemmie for their lack of money and is aware that as a \'man of destiny\' his moment may have passed. At the same time he struggles in the House of Commons as a backbencher to get a hearing for his concerns about German re-armament under Hitler and the policy of appeasement. Churchill is also disappointed by the behaviour of his son Randolph Churchill, which leads to further arguments with Clemmie, who announces she is leaving to go on an extended overseas trip. Churchill is devastated and throws himself into his pet activities: painting, and building walls around the family house. Clemmie eventually returns, and the couple are reconciled. During the same period, a young official in the government, Ralph Wigram  has become concerned about the growth of the German Luftwaffe , and is convinced by his wife to leak information about it to Churchill. Shortly afterwards, Churchill uses Wigram\'s information to launch an attack on Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin . With Churchill\'s fortunes restored, the narrative jumps forward to September 1939, with the declaration of war against Germany at the start of World War II, and the announcement that Churchill will be taking over command of the Royal Navy again as First Lord of the Admiralty. An impatient Churchill bids farewell to the staff at the country house, and travels to London. Arriving in the middle of the night at the Admiralty, Churchill is met by a Royal Marine corporal who informs him the fleet have already been signalled that "Winston is Back", to which Churchill replies, "He bloody well is!"'] ["Featuring concert footage of legendary Los Angeles punk bands and interviews both with band members, the publishers of Slash fanzine, and with the punks who made up their audience, the film offers a look into a subculture that was largely ignored by the rock music press of the time. The promotional poster for The Decline  featured a close-up frame of Germs singer Darby Crash supine on stage with his eyes closed. Crash died from a heroin-induced suicide shortly before the film was released . Bands included are Black Flag, Germs, X, Alice Bag Band, Circle Jerks, Catholic Discipline, and Fear. The Germs' performance was replicated in the film What We Do Is Secret biopic, as well as a replication of the image on the soundtrack's front cover."] ['The Saved movingly portrays the true story of about 600 Jews from Holland and uncovers the shame that haunts them decades subsequent to their experience. This group of individuals was specially selected to live through the Holocaust since they were regarded as beneficial to their nation. Conversely, almost a hundred thousand Jews living in the Netherlands were expelled from the country and murdered by the Nazis.{{cite web | title Icarus Films | date  http://www.frif.com/new2000/save.html | accessdate  "Dutch Documentaries ">{{cite web}} All the same, the anomaly that is the Barnevelder group commands to be explored .'] ['The first experience follows Jeffrey and his brother Clifford to the streets of New York City where the boys live with the homeless for a week in one of the coldest winters on record. The boys look for hope and camaraderie among their homeless companions, learning how to survive on the streets. During their second experience, the brothers join a group of surfers from Surf For The Cause {{cite web}} traveling to Peru. There, they visit a hospital for abandoned children in the foothills of the Andes Mountains. The boys are surprised to find joy among the children and their caretakers despite serious medical problems. Throughout the story, the film features commentary from spiritual, artistic, and medical experts and philosophers, including William B. Hurlbut M.D.; Rabbi Simon Jacobson; Dr. Alveda King; and Rev. Richard Neuhaus. Their final experience takes the brothers, along with their friends Michael Campo and Matthew Sanchez, to Africa. Michael is on his way to visit a leper colony in rural Ghana. On their way to the colony, the boys meet victims of AIDS and their families. Once they reach the leper colony, they befriend disfigured lepers who have been exiled from their villages. At the end of the film, the boys return to their life in New York with a changed outlook and insight into the human condition. Also, at the end of the film Jeffrey and Clifford have a surprise meeting with their father and are reunited with their father. Their father has not seen his children in 10 years, but Jeffrey and Clifford still love him.'] ["The documentary begins without narration as a plane lands down in the remote part of the desert where Chicken Ranch is situated while a number from the Broadway Musical based on the Texas situated Ranch is played. Before the documentary scenes begin, we are advised that the women working at Chicken Ranch only work for three weeks out of the month and that their earnings are split 50/50 with the owner . Our introduction to the Ranch is of the girls being led into the parlor  to be lined up in front of two potential clients for choosing. In another room, Madame Fran busily takes calls and quotes services to a client over the telephone. The camera goes from room to room following the daily routines of the girls as they put makeup on and get dressed up provocatively. Ranch owner Walter Plankinton walks around trying to influence the girls to dress and be styled more exquisitely than what the clients left at home but is disregarded by all the females in the room. While there are several females in the ranch that share the camera time, the documentary itself focuses frequently on two particular young prostitutes, Mandy and Connie. Mandy is the typical busty blonde, doing well for herself and seeming to connect well to her clients whereas alternatively, Connie is finding it harder and harder to work in the Ranch due to her growing dislike of being used by men. In a brief scene of Claudia and Connie doing their makeup and getting ready for work, they discuss their 'previous lives' before coming to the Ranch, both revealing they have come from bad relationships with men. In the parlor, Mandy and J.J. are running around the table enjoying a momentary lighter side of life. A small group of Japanese tourists arrive, led by a travel agent who is the only one who can speak English and interpret. After several moments of the uncomfortable language barrier and not understanding the rules, Madame Fran gets irritable and direct and encourages the men to pick a lady. Most of the girls are chosen, the remaining few  sit in the parlor with the remainder of the tour. Connie engages the travel agent in conversation but is unable to get a client to take her to her room. During a cigarette break, Connie, Linda and Diane discuss their strategies and techniques  and have candid discussions about what they hate. Connie reveals why she is growing to hate men so much and explains that her technique is to use her hand to get a man off as quickly as she can so that if possible, there doesn't actually need to be any intercourse at all . Two French journalists arrive while the girls are still in the process of waking up. One girl admits that she has nightmares if a client disappoints her while Mandy admits that she had a nightmare that a client cut her head off. Madame Fran is seen giving the girls access to the normally locked cabinet to retrieve their contraceptive pills, vitamins and other medications revealing the Ranch's strict policy on drugs, alcohol and medicating responsibly. Brothel owner Walter Plankinton gives an interview to the French journalists in the parlor of the Ranch and talks righteously about the services they provide to the public is a 'form of love'. Claudia and J.J. show the journalists to one of the rooms with a specialist 'passion chair' which allows for thirty-two different positions, some of which they demonstrate for the camera. Following the interview, Walter and Fran confront their 'ladies' about them running a game where they try to get the men in and out of their bedrooms as quick as possible. The group of Japanese tourists have reported the ladies for servicing them in ten minutes flat. After Walter explains that the prices were raised on the tours and now that the girls are earning $64 per trick, the girls are gently warned off and that if these situations continue to occur, a clock will be set each time they take a new client to ensure the man gets what he pays for. The camera focuses briefly on Connie who tries to hide she is visibly annoyed. A middle-aged client who is employed as a long-distance trucker arrives and choses Mandy for her services - in the bedroom they privately discuss the price and variety of what she can offer him. He is advised for straight sex it would be a couple of hundred dollars, but he wants services for under fifty. He claims he can't afford anything more than sixty dollars and her desperation to get the client's money leads her to agreeing to straight sex for twenty minutes for sixty dollars. In the office area, Fran is seen counting the money and noting down income. Connie is taken to the parlor area by owner Walter for a discussion. Connie is told her services have suddenly fallen out of demand and that her intake the previous week had been almost $2000 whereas now her income has fallen dramatically because no one is booking her. Connie - normally quite in control of her emotions - lets her walls drop and begins to weep admitting she's not particularly sure why men no longer want to be with her and she wants Walter to tell her why he thinks that is. Walter gently suggests that he suspects that something in her attitude is turning men off  but he suggests she take her week off to pull herself together and get her confidence back. J.J. and Claudia are seen in a bedroom smoking marijuana and keeping an eye out for Fran or Walter. The two have a fight with deodorant cans afterwards trying to hide the smell of smoke. Connie and Linda are sitting in one of the rooms talking. The conversation begins with Connie determining if she should straighten out her hair or not as she thinks it is hurting her desirability. Linda admits openly that when she first saw Connie's frizzy hair that she personally thought the girl would never make money in their trade. Connie explains that after her time off if she returns and Walter is still at the Ranch, then she won't stay as she 'can't handle him'. It is revealed through the discussion that Walter is starting to sexually harass Connie since her last return and she can't take it as she was always taught to never have sex with an employer. Connie admits she would like to leave the Ranch and go travelling or go to college but in order to do either it takes money which means doing what she does. The conversation concludes with Connie deciding she will eventually straighten her hair as it has to be the reason she isn't booking clients. Diane begs for Fran's help with a client known as Buck who expects services for $20 which is under the Ranch minimum spend of $50. At this point, it is revealed that the services are expensive because the girls are checked over by doctors to ensure they don't have sexually transmitted diseases. As Buck waits in the parlor for his friend to be serviced by one of the other girls, he tries to buy the services of Connie and the other girls for the $20 he has. Connie becomes increasingly hostile during the conversation, especially when Buck suggests his friend is being ripped off. Following the altercation with Buck, Fran decides to open the liquor cabinet and allow the girls the opportunity to dance and unwind in the parlor. The girls are seen slow dancing with each other and enjoying themselves. The next night the girls and Fran are in the parlor for a meeting because Walter is unhappy that the girls got drunk while business hours were still going on elsewhere in the building causing frustration for another girl who was trying to service a client. A mention is made of a ghost in the Ranch called 'Harold' that the girls talk about to scare each other with frequently - a fine of $100 is to be put in place the next time a girl mentions 'Harold' in future. Some time later  J.J. decides to leave the Ranch. She is seen packing in her room; in a discussion with Mandy a short while later she admits that the business is starting to mess her up emotionally as three weeks of work at a time is making her feel like a machine. J.J. reveals she was very happy in her her original profession as a cosmotologist but she just wasn't making enough money to support herself and her husband with. In the morning, Ginger, Joey and Claudia are awakened for a line up in the Parlor following J.J.'s resignation from the brothel. While the two clients are being serviced, Fran goes to the living room to talk to J.J. who is stuck at the Ranch until she can be picked up by car. Fran advises J.J. to call her if things don't work out or if she ever needs a friend to talk to, J.J. admits she will keep in touch regardless as she will mess everyone. Fran hopes things will work for J.J. but advises her to be careful as she has seen girls leave before to go back to men who only want to pimp the girls out and she doesn't want to see this happen. A few of the prostitutes wish J.J. goodbye; later, thanksgiving comes along and the remaining girls on the ranch celebrate with Walter and Fran. Walter gives a religious speech about all the nice things that have happened recently and that all the people who have come to the brothel has been thanks to God. The girls toast to a wonderful holiday and then following their meal, go out to line up in front of more clients. While the clients are being serviced, Connie dances provocatively in the parlor to music from the record player. After thanksgiving Walter fires Mandy. Mandy is seen rushing to pack her bags following some kind of altercation with Walter. Walter enters Mandy's room while the cameras are rolling and warns the director to stop filming and that he wants the film reel from this scene so it doesn't end up being put in the documentary. Moments later, Mandy is seen in the office after speaking to an airport on the phone as she tries to desperately get the next plane out of there; near tears she tells the director  that Walter threw all her luggage outside and told her to walk because she'd apparently 'quit'. So angry is Mandy that she tells the director Walter wouldn't even allow her a ride on his airplane . The firing of Mandy stems from her booking a client with Jacuzzi extra for $150  and Walter deducting $20 dollars of the fee for the plane ride to the ranch before Mandy has had her 50/50 cut of her profits, meaning she is several dollars short on her earnings. As the director tries to query Mandy what started the argument, Walter comes into the hallway and warns the director again if they don't stop filming the situation at that moment, the film is stopping indefinitely and he will rip it all up and he will sue. At this point, the documentary is ended absolutely with a short scene of a car driving away from the ranch  and no follow up information is offered as to what happened to J.J. or Mandy or any of the other girls."] ['In 1949 Helene Hanff, in search of obscure classics and British literature titles she has been unable to find in New York City, notices an ad in the Saturday Review of Literature placed by antiquarian booksellers Marks & Co located at the titular address in London. She contacts the shop and chief buyer and manager Frank Doel fulfills her requests. A long distance friendship evolves over time, not only between the two but between Hanff and other staff members as well, including birthday gifts, holiday packages, and food parcels to compensate for post-World War II food shortages in England. Their correspondence includes discussions about topics as diverse as the sermons of John Donne, how to make Yorkshire Pudding, the Brooklyn Dodgers, and the coronation of Elizabeth II. Hanff postpones visiting her English friends until too late: Doel dies in December 1968 and the bookshop eventually closes. She finally visits Charing Cross Road and the vacant shop in the summer of 1971.'] ['The documentary looks at the lives and opinions of several gay members of the US Republican Party, including:<ref namehttp://www.variety.com/review/VE1117925576?refcatidFilm Reviews - Gay Republicans | authorVariety | yearNovember}} * Maurice Bonamigo, a Palm Beach hairstylist who was a strong supporter of George W. Bush and his policies; * Carol Newman, an attorney from Los Angeles who has proposed to her life partner; * Steve May, a former state legislator who comments on perceived changes to the party over time; and * Mark Harris, a gay rights activist with strong opinions on both sides of the debate.'] ["It begins with the Korean artist being suspicious of a Japanese art-lover who values his work. The story then goes back to his man's early years. Beginning as a vagabond with a talent for drawing, he has a talent for imitating other people's art, but is urged to go on and develop a style of his own. This process is painful and he often behaves very badly, getting drunk and being hostile to those who care about him and try to help him. These events are set against the struggle for reform within Korea, caught between China and Japan ."] ["Set in and around New York City just prior to and following World War I, the story opens with Ziegfeld Follies star Fanny Brice  awaiting the return of husband Nicky Arnstein  from prison, and then moves into an extended flashback focusing on their meeting and marriage. Fanny is first seen as a stage-struck teenager who gets her first job in vaudeville and meets the suave Arnstein following her debut performance. They continue to meet occasionally over the years, becoming more romantically involved as Fanny's career flourishes and she becomes a star. Arnstein eventually seduces Fanny, who decides to abandon the Follies in favor of Nicky. After winning a fortune playing poker, Nicky agrees to marry Fanny. They move into an expensive house and have a daughter, and Fanny eventually returns to Ziegfeld and the Follies. Meanwhile, Nicky's various business ventures fail, forcing them to move into an apartment. Refusing financial support from his wife, he becomes involved in a bonds scam and is imprisoned for embezzlement for eighteen months. Following Nick's release from prison, he and Fanny briefly reunite long enough to agree to separate."] ["The film opens in 1950 with Pu Yi's re-entry into the just-proclaimed People's Republic of China as a political prisoner and war criminal, having been captured by the Red Army when the Soviet Union entered the Pacific War in 1945  and been in their custody for the past five years. Puyi attempts suicide, which only renders him unconscious. In a flashback, apparently triggered as a dream, Puyi relives his first entry, with his wet nurse at his side, into the Forbidden City. The next section of the film is a series of chronological flashbacks showing Puyi's early life: from his royal upbringing, to the tumultuous period of the early Chinese Republic, to his subsequent exile, his Japanese-supported puppet reign of Manchukuo, and then his capture by the Soviet army — all of which are intermixed with flash-forwards portraying his prison life. Under the “Communist re-education program” for political prisoners, Puyi is coerced by his interrogators to formally renounce his forced collaboration with the Imperial Japanese invaders for war crimes during their occupation of China during the war. Finally, after a heated discussion with the camp commandant and upon watching a propaganda film detailing the wartime atrocities committed by the Japanese, Puyi recants his previous stance and is set free and rehabilitated by the government in 1958. The concluding section of the film ends with a flash-forward to the mid-1960s during the Mao cult and the beginning of the Cultural Revolution. By now, Puyi has become a simple gardener who lives a peasant proletarian existence. On his way home from work, he happens upon a Red Guard parade, complete with children playing pentatonic music on accordions en masse and dancers who dance the rejection of landlordism by the Communists. His prison camp commander, his only friend during his incarceration, is forced to wear a dunce cap and a sandwich board bearing punitive slogans, and is one of the political prisoners now punished as an anti-revolutionary in the parade. Puyi later visits the Forbidden City as an ordinary tourist. There he meets an assertive little boy wearing the red scarf of the Pioneer Movement. The young Communist orders Puyi to step away from the throne. However, Puyi proves to the boy that he is indeed the Son of Heaven, proceeding to approach the throne. There, Puyi discovers the 60 year old pet cricket he kept as a child and gives it to the child. Amazed by the gift, the boy turns to talk to Puyi, but the emperor has disappeared. The film ends with a tour guide leading a tour in front of the throne, where the guide sums up Puyi's life in a few, brief sentences, concluding that he died in 1967."] ['"Harry Caine"  is a blind writer who shares his life with his agent Judit  and her adult son, Diego . Slowly, events in the present begin to bring back memories of the past. Harry hears that millionaire Ernesto Martel  has died; a young filmmaker, Ray X, appears and turns out to be Martel\'s son, Ernesto, Jr. . After Diego is hospitalized for an accidental drug overdose in a Madrid nightclub, Harry collects Diego from the hospital and looks after him to avoid worrying his traveling mother. The main storyline is told in flashback as Harry reluctantly tells Diego a tragic tale of fate, jealousy, abuse of power, betrayal, and guilt. The first flashback is to 1992, which introduces Magdalena "Lena" Rivero , Martel\'s beautiful young secretary, an aspiring actress. She becomes close to Martel, a millionaire financier, in order to find the money to help meet her dying father\'s medical bills. By 1994, she has become Martel\'s mistress. At this time, Harry is still living under his real name, Mateo Blanco, a well-respected film director. Martel is excessively possessive of Lena, but she is determined to become an actress and manages to win the main role in Blanco\'s film Chicas y maletas  by bringing Martel in as financier/producer. The fictional film is similar to Almodóvar\'s 1988 release, Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown, except that the Shiite terrorists have been replaced by a cocaine dealer; several of the cast of the previous film appear in the fictional one. Martel spies on Lena and Mateo by sending his inhibited, effeminate gay son, Ernesto, Jr., to videotape the production of the film, ostensibly for a "making of" feature, then hiring a lip-reader  to interpret the conversations. Martel, seething with jealousy, screens the videos as the lip-reader narrates the furtive whispers of Lena and Mateo\'s passionate affair. Furious, Martel confronts Lena, and when she threatens to leave him he pushes her down the stairs. But when she survives the fall, he relents and nurses her back to health. The filming completed, Lena and Blanco escape Martel\'s hold and go on holiday to Lanzarote. Lena takes a job as a hotel receptionist to pass the time. When she and Blanco read in El País that Chicas y maletas has received a terrible critical reception, likely the end of Blanco\'s directing career, they determine to start over together far from Madrid. Fate intervenes when Blanco is seriously injured and Lena is killed in a car accident, which ironically is immortalized by Ernesto Jr., who has been trailing them with his camcorder. Mateo loses his sight permanently. Judit, his long-time production assistant, and an 8-year-old Diego arrive to help Blanco pick up the pieces and return to Madrid, where he eventually writes screenplays in braille under the pseudonym Harry Caine, represented by his agent, Judit. The story picks up where it began in 2008: Harry shares his birthday in a bar with Judit and Diego. Judit becomes drunk on gin and, stricken with guilt, confesses to Harry that she sold out to Martel in 1994 because of her fury at Harry for abandoning the film to run away with Lena; she also tells him of her involvement in providing Martel the phone number of the hotel in Lanzarote where Lena and Mateo were hiding. She confirms that Martel sabotaged the release of Chicas y maletas by using the worst take from each scene in order to destroy Mateo\'s reputation. The next morning she reveals to Diego that Harry is actually his father, a fact both men were unaware of. Having exorcised some of his demons, Harry decides to return to his life as Mateo Blanco. Though believed lost, the original reels of Chicas y maletas and Ernesto Jr.\'s camcorder footage are recovered: Judit had ignored Martel\'s order to destroy them and instead hid them away. Mateo and Diego re-edit the film for its long-delayed release as the director envisioned it.'] ["As a young boy, after his mother dies, Rick Martin sees a trumpet in the window of a pawn shop. He works in a bowling alley to save up enough money to buy it. Rick grows up to be an outstanding musician, tutored by jazzman Art Hazzard. He lands a job playing for the big band of Jack Chandler, getting to know the piano player Smoke Willoughby and the beautiful singer Jo Jordan. Chandler orders him to always play the music exactly as written. Rick prefers to improvise, and one night, during a break with Chandler's band, he leads an impromptu jam session, which gets him fired. Jo has fallen for Rick and finds him a job in New York with a dance orchestra. One night, her friend Amy North accompanies her to hear Rick play. Amy, studying to be a psychiatrist, is a complicated young woman still disturbed by her own mother's suicide. She claims to be incapable of feeling love, but she and Rick begin an affair and eventually are married. Rarely together at the same time because of the hours they keep, Rick and Amy constantly quarrel. She fails in her attempt to become a doctor and takes it out on Rick, demanding a divorce. He begins drinking and his mood deteriorates to the point that one day he even takes it out on Art Hazzard, a man who had done so much for him. Before Rick can apologize, Art is hit by a car and killed. Rick becomes an alcoholic who neglects his music and even destroys his horn. He disappears, until one day Smoke finds him in a drunk tank. Jo is contacted and rushes to Rick's side, helping him to recover his love of music and of her—a happy ending found neither in the novel nor in the life of Bix Beiderbecke."] ['The film begins with a recap of Cobain\'s death and the media coverage which followed. Broomfield then interviews Cobain\'s aunt Mary who helped his love for music when he was a child. This interview is followed up with several from friends and schoolteachers who knew Cobain when he was growing up before moving onto Cobain\'s relationship with Courtney Love. After establishing the background the film moves on to detail the accusations that Cobain was murdered. Broomfield interviews Tom Grant, a private investigator who has alleged that Love may have conspired to kill her husband, and wants the case re-opened by the Seattle Police Department. Grant was hired by Love, but thinks it was just so people would believe that she was innocent. Hank Harrison, Courtney Love\'s father, is interviewed, and states he also believes that Cobain may have been killed in a conspiracy organized by Love. He has written two books about Cobain\'s death. The film also includes interviews with Portland drug culture celeb and former stripper, Amy Squier, about her explicit and personal knowledge of Kurt and Courtney\'s heroin use, and an interview with punk singer and media sideshow El Duce , who claimed that Love offered him $50,000 to kill Cobain. El Duce\'s band The Mentors was most famous as a paid spectacle on the staged talk show Hot Seat, where El Duce appeared alongside guitarist "Sickie Wifebeater" in the 80\'s, wearing a black hood and inciting the audience by claiming to endorse rape, drugs and illegitimate children.04/07/00: Wally George: "The Greatest Man Ever"YouTube - MENTORS on HOT SEAT part 1 In a similar vein, El Duce promoted his accusations regarding Love by appearing on The Jerry Springer Show and selling his story to The National Enquirer. El Duce claimed in the film that he knew who killed Cobain, but said he would "let the FBI catch him". Two days after that interview was filmed, El Duce was hit by a train and killed. The film also includes an interview with musician and friend of Cobain\'s Dylan Carlson, who had bought the shotgun that Cobain eventually used to kill himself with. Broomfield eventually moves away from the alleged conspiracy and the film turns into an investigation of Courtney Love\'s alleged suppression of free speech. Included in the film are phone calls from MTV saying that they were pulling out of financing the film , due to presumed pressure from Love. There is also an interview with journalist Victoria Clarke  about how Love and Cobain had threatened her while doing research for her book on Cobain and Nirvana. Broomfield includes clips in the film of the threats made by Cobain and Clarke details the story of Love assaulting her. The film concludes with Broomfield taking the stage at an ACLU meeting  in order to publicly question Love about her attempts to suppress free speech and the irony of her representing the ACLU. He is pulled from the stage by Danny Goldberg, Cobain\'s former manager.'] ['The documentary tells the story of Chief Justice Inspector Friedrich Kellner and the ten-volume secret diary he wrote during World War II in Laubach, Germany, to record the misdeeds of the Nazis. The movie uses reenactments and archival footage and interviews to recount the lives of Friedrich Kellner, who risked his life to write the diary, and of his orphaned American grandson, Robert Scott Kellner, who located his grandparents in Germany, and then spent much of his life bringing the Kellner diary to the public.{{cite news}}'] ['At the age of 40, porn star Colton Ford decides to leave the industry and pursue his true calling — a singing career. He feels he has the voice, but his "overexposed" past could be the hook that gets him noticed or the hook that yanks him off stage. Naked Fame follows Colton and his former life-partner, porn star Blake Harper, as they try to ease their way back into the mainstream. The film examines the inner-workings of music industry and documents the emotional struggles involved in the pursuit of one\'s dreams. It contains footage and interviews from Chi Chi LaRue, Bruce Vilanch, Pepper Mashay and Lonnie Gordon, and Ford\'s parents.'] ['The story begins with John Wilmot, Second Earl of Rochester , delivering his prologue, the main themes of which are his fondness for drink, his sexual proclivities, and his disdain for his audience. King Charles II  decides to summon his great friend, the Earl, back to London, retracting a year-long banishment for humiliating him, after only three month\'s exile. Rochester arrives in London to find his friends in a bawdy house; they are known as the "Merry Gang" and include George Etherege  and Charles Sackville . On the street, Rochester comes across a thief, Alcock , whose frankness about his dishonesty impresses Rochester. He hires Alcock as his gentleman on the spot. The Merry Gang introduce its newest member, 18-year old Billy Downs . Rochester warns Downs, "Young man, you will die of this company." Rochester invites Downs to attend a play with the Merry Gang, where they see actress Elizabeth Barry  getting booed off the stage after refusing to participate in a curtain call. Rochester is taken with Barry, and secures her re-employment with the theatre company after she is initially fired. Rochester invites Barry to meet him at the playhouse the next day to coach her in acting, and she hesitantly accepts. Barry\'s acting improves dramatically and she delivers a brilliant performance in her next production. The King then approaches Barry, asking her to spy on Rochester to keep track of his progress. A loyal subject, she agrees. Charles, in need of money from France, asks Rochester to write a play in honour of the French Ambassador\'s visit. The King requests it be a "testament" to his reign. Rochester writes Sodom, or the Quintessence of Debauchery, a scathing satire of the King\'s reign, which he claims is indeed "a testament to Charles" — just what the King had asked for. The play involves live sex acts, vulgar imagery, and a brutal portrayal of the King, played by Rochester himself. At the premiere, Charles coolly interrupts the play, coming up onto the stage to confront Rochester. Later, Downs is killed in a sword fight outside the home of a Constable; Rochester backs away from his dying friend, whispering, "I told you." Hiding from the King in the English countryside and sick with symptoms of syphilis, Rochester peddles phony gynaecological "treatments" for women, including the selling of "potions" made from Alcock\'s urine. Rochester\'s face has become disfigured by syphillitic gummata, which he hides beneath a mask. Charles eventually tracks down Rochester, but decides that the worst punishment possible is to simply "let you be you." Rochester returns to his wife, Elizabeth , admitting to having been constantly under the influence of "the drink" for five years straight. It becomes apparent that despite Rochester\'s health and infidelities, Elizabeth continues to love him. Meanwhile, Charles\' unpopular choice of heir, his Roman Catholic brother James, Duke of York, has led to a showdown with Parliament, which introduces the Exclusion Bill to deny James the throne. Rochester makes a dramatic entrance into Parliament, wearing a silver nose-piece and heavy pancake makeup to conceal the ravages of syphilis and hobbling on two canes. He makes a brief but effective speech, rationally and eloquently denouncing the Bill. As Rochester then hobbles off, the subsequent vote kills the proposed Bill. He goes to see Barry, who reveals they had a daughter together, ironically named Elizabeth like his wife. She rejects him. Rochester returns home to his deathbed, where he dies aged thirty-three with Elizabeth, his mother, a priest summoned to "bring God to him" as she did not want Rochester to die as an atheist, and Alcock. Before he dies, Rochester asks the priest to recite Isaiah verse 53; he also asks his wife to retell the story of how he had abducted her as an 18 year old lady when they fell in love. The film then cuts between Rochester\'s actual death, and the death scene of The Man of Mode, the play about him written by his friend Etheridge. In a final irony, Elizabeth Barry is playing his wife on stage. The film closes as it opens, with an epilogue. Rochester slips into the background in the wavering candlelight, sipping his drink and asking repeatedly, growing less arrogant and more vulnerable with each utterance: "Do you like me now?"'] ['American burlesque performer Steve Martin  offers to play a song for his audience, if they agree to sing along. Only one person does sing, a young boy named Asa Yoelson . Steve is bowled over by the boy\'s voice, but Asa realizes he should be singing at the synagogue with his father, Cantor Yoelson . Asa arrives late, and is later reprimanded by his strict father. Asa is reluctant to explain where he was, but Steve Martin visits the Yoelsons\' home. He explains that he heard Asa sing at the burlesque house, and that he wants Asa to be part of his act. Papa Yoelson refuses to consider it. Asa is determined to be in the act, and runs away to Baltimore, where he is taken to a home for boys. The kindly superintendent, Father McGee , finds Steve Martin and notifies Asa\'s parents. When they appear, Asa tells them that he will keep running away until they allow him to go into show business. Asa\'s mother  believes that it would be better to give Asa what he wants than have him running away all the time. On stage, Asa gets bored with singing songs the same way all the time, and begins to improvise. When his voice suddenly breaks, he starts whistling instead, but is unhappy and wants to go home. Steve says that they can work on stage together - previously Asa has only stood in the audience. Asa changes his mind, and his name: he performs as Al Jolson . At a show, blackface entertainer Tom Baron  passes out drunk, and Al goes on in his place. Two theatrical entrepreneurs, Oscar Hammerstein  and Lew Dockstader ([[John Alexander , are in the audience. Dockstader realizes that it was really Al who was on stage, and hires him join his minstrel show. One night, Jolson is out walking when he hears the new, exciting jazz music; he enjoys it so much that he forgets that he has a show that night. Dockstader fires him. Al visits his parents, but does not stay long, because he receives a call from Tom Baron, who is now a theater manager. Baron invites Al to join his Broadway show. Al insists on choosing his own material, including his signature tune, "Mammy", and he becomes so popular that he becomes the leading player and takes the show on tour. At a Sunday night concert, Al meets an up-and-coming dancer named Julie Benson . It is love at first sight for Al, and only a few hours after meeting her, he proposes to her.  She agrees, although she does not love him yet. They marry during Al filming The Jazz Singer, by which time Julie has fallen in love with him. But Julie is not as fond of show business as he is; she wants to quit and settle down. Al persuades her to continue with it, and they star in a film together, but eventually Julie can\'t stand any more. Al admits that he would rather have her than show business, and he finally quits. They move to the country. Al refuses all job offers and absolutely will not sing, even for family and friends. But one night, they decide to celebrate the wedding anniversary of Al\'s parents. Papa Yoelson persuades him to sing for them, and then Tom Baron suggests they go to a nightclub and see an early floor show. Jolson is afraid of being recognized, but the crowd insists on a song. Although he tries to fob the crowd off, it is no use and he has to sing. Julie realizes he is happier than he has been in a long time, and decides to leave. She walks out of the picture, and out of his life, leaving Al to his first love: singing. A successful sequel, Jolson Sings Again, was released in 1949.'] ["Manfred von Richthofen  is a German cavalry officer newly assigned to an air squadron under the command of Oswald Boelcke who quickly becomes an ace. His career is presented on screen intercut with scenes of another pilot across the lines, a Canadian pilot named Roy Brown who arrives at a British squadron, where the top scoring pilot is a Victoria Cross holder named Lanoe Hawker. The two pilots are very different; Brown ruffles the feathers of his squadron mates by refusing to drink a toast to von Richthofen, while von Richthofen awards himself silver trophies in honour of his kills and clashes with fellow pilot, Hermann Göring, when Boelcke is killed after a mid air collision and Richthofen assumes command of the squadron. While Brown becomes moody and depressed by his war service, Richthofen becomes outwardly energized by the war. Outraged by an order to camouflage his squadron's aircraft, he paints them in bright conspicuous colours, claiming that gentlemen should not hide from their enemies. The toll on both squadrons is highlighted when Richthofen is wounded during an aerial battle and Lanoe Hawker is killed. The war becomes personal for both when Brown and his squadron attack von Richthofen's airfield, destroying their aircraft on the ground. Revenge comes when von Richthofen, with the help of a batch of new fighters from Anthony Fokker launches a counter attack on the British airfield. The climax of the film  pits Brown and von Richthofen in an aerial combat with each other from which only one survives."] ['The film looks at the evolution of American popular music and discusses the marketing of contemporary pop stars. "The reality is that superficiality is in," says Marsalis. "And depth and quality is kind of out."'] ['In the 13th century, after several years of political unrest, Scotland is invaded and conquered by King Edward I of England  . Young William Wallace witnesses the treachery of Longshanks, survives the death of his father and brother, and is taken abroad by his uncle where he is educated. Years later, Longshanks grants his noblemen land and privileges in Scotland, including Primae Noctis, the right of the lord to take a newly married Scottish woman into his bed on her wedding night. When he returns home, Wallace  falls in love with his childhood sweetheart, Murron MacClannough , and they marry in secret so that she does not have to spend a night in the bed of the English lord. When an English soldier tries to rape Murron, Wallace fights off several soldiers and the two attempt to flee. But Murron is captured and publicly executed by the sheriff, who proclaims "an assault on the King\'s soldiers is the same as an assault on the King himself." In retribution, Wallace and several villagers slaughter the English garrison and execute the sheriff. In addition, he goes to York, allows one of the villagers to avenge his wife\'s sexual shaming from an English lord, and sends the occupying English garrison back to England. This enrages Longshanks, who confronts his son Edward about this: he then orders his son to stop Wallace by any means necessary. He also knows his son has a bisexual relationship going with his French wife Isabella and another man: momentarily ignoring this, Longshanks tells Edward "Some day you will be a king: at least try to act like one." Wallace rebels against the English, and as his legend spreads, hundreds of Scots from the surrounding clans join him. Wallace leads his army to victory at the Battle of Stirling and then sacks the city of York. All the while, Wallace seeks the assistance of Robert the Bruce , the son of nobleman Robert the Elder and a contender for the Scottish crown. Despite his growing admiration for Wallace and his cause, Robert is dominated by his father, who wishes to secure the throne for his son by submitting to the English. Longshanks, worried by the threat of the rebellion, sends the wife of his son Edward, the French princess Isabella, to try to negotiate with Wallace in hopes that Wallace kills her in order to draw the French king to declare war on Wallace in revenge. Wallace refuses the bribe sent with Isabella by Longshanks, but after meeting him in person, Isabella becomes enamored with him. Meanwhile, Longshanks prepares an army to invade Scotland. Warned of the coming invasion by Isabella, Wallace implores the Scottish nobility, who are more concerned with their own welfare, that immediate action is needed to counter the threat and to take back the country. Leading the English army himself, Longshanks confronts the Scots at the Battle of Falkirk where noblemen Lochlan and Mornay betray Wallace. The Scots lose the battle, Wallace is wounded, and Hamish\'s father is fatally wounded and dies after the battle. As he charges toward the departing Longshanks on horseback, Wallace is intercepted by one of the king\'s lancers, who turns out to be Robert the Bruce. Remorseful, Bruce gets Wallace to safety before the English can capture him. Wallace kills Mornay and Lochlan for their betrayal, avoids assassination attempts, and wages a protracted guerrilla war against the English. Robert the Bruce, intending to join Wallace and commit troops to the war, sets up a meeting with him in Edinburgh where Robert\'s father has conspired with other nobles to capture and hand over Wallace to the English. Learning of his treachery, Robert the Bruce disowns his father. Following a tryst with Wallace, Isabella exacts revenge on the now terminally ill Longshanks by telling him she is pregnant with Wallace\'s child, intent on ending Longshank\'s line and ruling in his son\'s place. In London, Wallace is brought before an English magistrate, tried for high treason, and condemned to public torture and beheading. Even whilst being hanged, drawn and quartered, Wallace refuses to beg for mercy and submit to the king. As cries for mercy come from the watching crowd, the magistrate offers him one final chance. Wallace instead shouts the word "Freedom!" Just before the axe falls, Wallace sees a vision of Murron in the crowd smiling at him. Years after Wallace\'s death, Robert the Bruce, now Scotland\'s king, leads a Scottish army before a ceremonial line of English troops on the fields of Bannockburn where he is to formally accept English rule. As he begins to ride toward the English, he stops and turns back to his troops. Invoking Wallace\'s memory, he implores them to fight with him as they did with Wallace. He then leads his army into battle against the stunned English, winning the Scots their freedom.'] ['The film portrays the smart yet gritty comedy of Boston, a veritable melting pot of people of very different backgrounds: the multi-ethnic working class and the hip, learned college crowd. In an interview for the film, Solimita commented that "Those two things right next to each other created an odd vibe - really smart people who also understand a dollar earned. The comedy just sort of percolated." Along with its joyful \'insider\' look at comedy , the film also explores the darker side of the scene. Cocaine, the glamor drug of choice of the 1980s, was a problem in the circles of performers and club owners. Equally bad was the cut-throat competition between the clubs themselves. One of the film\'s most gripping sequences is the story of Steven Wright\'s appearance on The Tonight Show on 6 August 1982 http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0942833/. Apparently, Carson was so impressed with Wright that he invited him to sit down on the couch, an occurrence almost unheard of for first time guests.http://www.townonline.com/somerville/entertainment/view.bg?articleid&page=1 The event is presented as a boiling point; when the brash, rowdy, innovative Boston scene of the early 80s finally broke into the national spotlight.'] ['The film follows big band leader Glenn Miller   from his early days in the music business in 1929 through to his 1944 death when the airplane he was flying in was lost over the English Channel during World War II. Prominent placement in the film is given to Miller\'s courtship and marriage to Helen Burger , and various cameos by actual musicians who were colleagues of Miller. Several turning points in Miller\'s career are depicted with varying degrees of verisimilitude, including: the success of an early jazz band arrangement; his departure from the Broadway pit and sideman work to front a band of his own; the failure of his first band on the road; and the subsequent re-forming of his successful big band and the establishment of the “Miller Sound” as typified by “Moonlight Serenade”. Also depicted is Miller’s international success touring his band in support of the Allies in World War II. There are several anachronisms in the picture. When the military band led by Miller is playing in front of General "Hap" Arnold, a B29 bomber is in the background; highly doubtful, since they were introduced in May 1944, and the parade seemingly is in 1942, just after Miller\'s induction into the Army. Also, the marching troops are desegregated, which didn\'t happen until 1948.'] ['Paper Chasers is a depiction of the far-flung Hip hop scene, featuring such well-known artists as James Brown, Chuck D., Flavor Flav, Master P., Chris Bridges, and Russell Simmons. The title of the film it is derived from hip-hop terminology for an individual who is pursuing a lucrative goal or career, where paper money would be the reward for great effort. Director Maxie Collier and his crew traveled the United States in pursuit of musical paper chasers - music, art and fashion entrepreneurs both famous and unknown - and were lucky enough to chart the rise of hip hop superstar Ludacris. The film, which contains original music by the London-based music producer Charlie Parker, had its world premiere at the 2003 Tribeca Film Festival, and was subsequently released on DVD in 2005 by Koch Home Video Entertainment One the and broadcast numerous times on the Independent Film Channel .Paper Chasers at IFC Between 1999 and 2008, Collier conducted more than 200 interviews with entrepreneurs, artists, and executives across the country. In 2012, he launched Paper Chasers TV to share these archive and prepare for the 10 year anniversary film Paper Chasers 2.'] ["The film sets in on November 25 1970, the last day in Mishima's life. He is shown finishing a manuscript. Then, he puts on a uniform he designed for himself and meets with four of his most loyal followers from his private army. In flashbacks highlighting episodes from his past life, the viewer sees Mishima's progression from a sickly young boy to one of Japan's most acclaimed writers of the post-war era . His loathing for the materialism of modern Japan has him turn towards an extremist traditionalism. He sets up his own private army and proclaims the reinstating of the emperor as head of state. The biographical parts are interwoven with short dramatizations of three of Mishima's novels: In The Temple of the Golden Pavilion, a stuttering aspirant sets fire to the famous Zen Buddhist temple because he feels inferior at the sight of its beauty. Kyoko's House depicts the sadomasochistic  relationship between an elderly woman and her young lover, who is in her financial debt. In Runaway Horses, a group of young fanatic nationalists fails to overthrow the government, with its leader subsequently committing suicide. Frame story, flashbacks and dramatizations are segmented into the four chapters of the film's title, named Beauty, Art, Action, and Harmony of Pen and Sword. The film culminates in Mishima and his followers taking a General of the Japanese armed forces as hostage. He addresses the garrison's soldiers, asking them to join him in his struggle to reinstate the emperor as the nation's sovereign. Faced with his proclamation being largely ignored and ridiculed, Mishima commits seppuku."] ['Pete Carlton is a young Montreal boy with terminal cancer. He has a love for butterflies, and often watches entomologist Alan Osborne\'s television show. His mother, Teresa, meets with Osborne, to try to get him to take her son to Costa Rica to find the rare Blue Morpho butterfly. However, he dismisses her, but later comes to their home upon receiving a phone call from Pete saying he would go to Central America himself. The two arrive at a small village when they learn the blue morphos have already migrated. Heartbroken, they prepare to leave, until they find one is still in the jungle. They chase after it several times, but are unable to catch it. Pete is determined to find the "magical" butterfly so his cancer can be cured, which leads to them falling into an underground cavern, injuring Osborne badly. Pete escapes to get help, but it only leads to him being lost, suffering from hallucinations. Osborne is rescued, and as they are leaving to a hospital for Osborne, a friendly villager reveals she has caught the butterfly, giving it to Pete. As he is about to kill it for his collection, he lets it go so it can make more of the magical butterflies. An epilogue shows that at the next visit to the doctor, that Pete\'s cancer had miraculously disappeared.'] ['Siegmund Breitbart  is the son of an Orthodox Jewish blacksmith in rural Poland. He is fantastically strong, largely from working at hard labor all day. A talent agent sees how strong Breitbart is in his Jewish shtetl home and convinces him to move to Berlin where he can find work as a strongman. Hanussen , an epic con-man and supposed mystic, runs a cabaret variety show. Hanussen gives Breitbart a blonde wig and a Nordic helmet and calls him "Ziegfried" so as to identify him with the Aryan notion of physical superiority. This appeals to the largely Nazi clientele, and he is a big hit. This is a dark comedy but is as much so a deeply dramatic story, involving the mainly secular Jews of Berlin. Included is interaction between Breitbart, an attractive stage musician Marta, their boss who abuses her Hanussen and some very top level Nazis. Ultimately Breitbart becomes disgusted and dismayed. A visit from Breitbart\'s young brother, Benjamin , convinces Breitbart to be proud of his Jewish heritage, and so, without warning, he takes off the blonde wig in the middle of his act and announces that he is not an "Aryan" and calls himself a new Jewish Samson. This has the effect of making him a hero to the local Jews who flock to the cabaret to see their new Samson. The Nazis aren\'t as pleased, and Hanussen tries to discredit Breitbart. He tries to make it seem that it was his mystic powers that were the true strength behind the strongman, and makes it look like even his frail female pianist Marta can break chains and lift weights if under his power. Hanussen knows the Nazis dabble in the occult and hopes to become a part of Hitler\'s future government. Therefore, he hobnobs with the likes of Himmler and Goebbels. In the end, however, he is exposed as a Czech Jewish con artist named Herschel Steinschneider. As a result, Hanussen is kidnapped and murdered by the Brownshirts. Breitbart foresees what will become known as the Holocaust and returns to Poland to warn the Jewish people of its coming. Unfortunately, no one believes him and he accidentally dies from an infected wound, according to the final titles, two days before Hitler takes power in 1933. In the final scene he is in a delirium as a result of the infection. In a moving vision he sees his younger brother Benjamin flying safely away from the looming Holocaust.'] ['The story begins in 1913 in Denmark, when Karen Dinesen  asks her friend Baron Bror Blixen  to enter into a marriage of convenience with her. Although Bror is a member of the aristocracy he is no longer financially secure, therefore agrees to the marriage and the two of them plan to move to Africa to begin a dairy farm. Upon moving to British East Africa, Karen marries Bror in a brief ceremony, thus becoming Baroness Blixen. She meets and befriends various other colonial residents of the country, most of whom are British. She also meets Denys Finch Hatton , a local big-game hunter with whom she develops a close friendship. However, things turn out differently for her than anticipated, since Bror has used her money to purchase a coffee plantation rather than a dairy farm. He also shows little inclination to put any real work into it, preferring instead to become a game hunter. Although theirs was a marriage of convenience, Karen does eventually develop feelings for Bror, but is distressed when she learns of his extramarital affairs. To make matters worse, Karen contracts syphilis from her philandering husband  and is forced to return to Denmark for a long and difficult period of treatment using the then-new medicine Salvarsan. Bror agrees to look after the plantation in her absence. After she has recovered and returns to Africa, the First World War is drawing to an end. However, it becomes clear that her marriage to the womanizing Bror has not changed and she eventually asks him to move out of their house. Her friendship with Denys then develops further and the two eventually become lovers. However, despite many unsuccessful attempts to turn their affair into a lasting relationship, she realizes that Denys is as impossible to own or tame as Africa itself. Denys prefers the simple "African customs" of the free, nomadic life of the Maasai tribe on the open landscape, rather than the European customs of luxury, ownership, and titles. Although he moves into Karen\'s house, he criticizes her desire to "own" things; even people, refuses to commit to marriage or give up his free lifestyle and tells her that he will not love her more just because of a piece of paper. Karen grudgingly accepts the situation. No longer able to have children of her own due to the effects of the syphilis, she decides to open a school to teach reading, writing, arithmetic, and also some European customs to the African tribal children of the area. However, her coffee plantation runs into financial difficulties and she is forced to rely on bank loans to make ends meet. Although it has taken years to cultivate, the plantation finally yields a good harvest, but a devastating fire breaks out on the plantation and the crop and all of the factory equipment are destroyed. Now broke, and with her relationship with Denys over, Karen prepares to leave Africa to return home to Denmark, just as British East Africa is becoming Kenya Colony. She arranges to sell everything that she owns and empties the house of all her luxurious items for a rummage sale. In the now empty house, Denys visits her that night and the two of them have one last dance. He promises to return in a few days, to fly her to Mombasa in his biplane to begin her journey home. However, Denys never returns and Karen is told that his plane has crashed and he has been killed. Her loss now complete, Karen attends his funeral in the Ngong Hills. With Denys gone, Karen\'s head servant, Farah, takes her to the station, for the train to Mombasa. Karen later became an author and a storyteller, writing about her experiences and letters in Africa, though she never returned there.'] ['The young Catholic Gerald Bull is fascinated with large-bore guns, inspired by Jules Verne\'s novel From The Earth To The Moon. The adult Dr. Gerald Bull\'s career as a successful large-bore gun designer takes a turn as he is defunded by the U.S. Army; he then produces weapons for China, Israel, and ultimately South Africa which results in his arrest and conviction for illegal arms dealing. After his release, Bull promotes his supergun idea to Saddam Hussein, and, with funding through BCCI, begins design work on the top secret project, "Babylon". Bull solves several manufacturing challenges by forging and assembling it in sections which are bolted together by flanges, and lining the relatively soft barrel material with an alloy sleeve to reduce wear on the barrel. British and U.S. government agencies are shown to be aware of Bull\'s activities, but do nothing to stop him. The Israeli Mossad tries to dissuade Bull, and goes so far as to threaten his life, with no effect. As the "Baby Babylon" version of the gun is assembled and tested successfully horizontally in Iraq, Bull\'s second in command, Cowley, quits after a roadside run-in with Mossad agent Dov, who also shadowed Bull. The Iraqis demand an additional, 45-degree, test of the prototype gun, using threats to coerce Bull into compliance. That completed test firing results in a direct hit on a target 100 miles away, and Bull brags that the full size "Babylon" gun can fire "ten times as far." As production of the full-size sections of the gun continues in England and elsewhere, falsely documented as oil pipeline parts in order to evade export restrictions, the film depicts increasing threats to Bull\'s life from Hussein, and the Mossad agent Dov. As the gun nears completion, Bull, while returning home, is gunned down at his apartment, where his body is discovered by his wife. The end text crawl states that Dr. Bull\'s murder was unsolved, and that the U.S. contributed over $3 billion to Iraq in the years preceding the first Gulf War.'] ['The filmmaker\'s parents were both born deaf; and the couple raised children who were not deaf. Paul Taylor and his wife Sally Taylor were in their 60s when they both decided to have cochlear implant surgery, which could permit them to hear for the first time.<ref name581 "Rochester Native Brings Her Famous Film Home to Benefit Deaf Students,"] NTID News. March 15, 2007. The documentary introduces the couple\'s personal histories &ndash; childhood years learning to communicate in a special school, experiencing the stigma surrounding deafness in mainstream high schools, and having meaningful careers in the Deaf community at the National Technical Institute for the Deaf. Paul was a pioneer in development of TTD  which is also known as TTY. The effects of the surgeries are not entirely positive.Halbfinger, David M. Justin. [http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/hr/film/reviews/article_display.jsp?&rid=8750 "Bottom Line: Lacks meaningful context about cochlear implants," The Hollywood Reporter. February 5, 2007.'] ['Then clerk for Texas Congressman Richard Kleberg, Lyndon Johnson  runs up the steps of the Capitol to meet with future Speaker of the House Sam Rayburn , who is sure he will work beside Johnson in the future. Johnson then runs off with his boss\'s Cadillac, driving all night to pick up his fiancee Lady Bird Johnson  at the home of her father in Texas. They both drive back to Washington, D.C., and have a bad run-in with Kleberg\'s standoffish wife, who thinks he is sabotaging her husband for his own political gain. After being fired by the Congressman , Johnson wakes up one morning to find that another Congressman has died, leaving the seat vacant. He prods a local judge who is very politically connected, Judge Alvin Wirtz , into giving him a chance to run for Congress. Judge Wirtz tells Johnson that the former Congressman\'s widow might run for the seat, and that he\'ll need $10,000 just to make it a contest. Lady Bird Johnson\'s father provides the $10,000, and gets confirmation that the widow will not run. Johnson then tours the hill country of Texas, bringing along his father and his wife to campaign. He promises that he shall provide services such as power and running water to the people, and goes stumping, pushing harder and harder. It is after a gruelling schedule and many, many cigarettes and Milk of Magnesia bottles later that the pain is so great in his abdominal area that Johnson collapses. Lady Bird appears at the bedside of her husband, who had an operation to remove a ruptured appendix and is now recuperating. When he awakens, she tell him that he had won the election and calls him \'Congressman\'. Johnson is then shown inside the Capitol, taking an elevator ride up with his friend Sam Rayburn, leaving his wife as the elevator doors close. Johnson receives a phone call that his father had died, and he goes to Texas for his funeral, when he discovers that his father left his mother in thousands of dollars worth of debt. This revelation, combined with the high cost of running a campaign, forces LBJ to becoming a friend to lobbyists in order to find money. These new connections mean that not only he can begin to get financial help, but his stalled hydroelectric project gets the help it needs in order to happen. At a party held by his largest backer, Johnson meets a vivacious and attractive woman, Alice Glass , who becomes a lightning rod for his ambition. Despite the threat of another woman, Lady Bird is determined to keep her husband and to help him become even more successful. It is now 1948, and Johnson now is vying for a Senate seat soon to be vacated by a retiring Senator. His promises kept to the people of the hill country, he still must defeat Governor Coke Stevenson, who battles him for a Texas Democratic caucus vote amid rumors of corruption in the form of vote fixing. A 28-28 deadlock is broken when Johnson\'s staffers pull onto the floor a drunk member , who votes LBJ into the Senate with the 29th vote. An ebullient Johnson starts his tenure as United States Senator by parking in the Senate Majority Leader reserved parking spot, much to the chagrin of the parking attendant. The same lot is shown again in the future, and Johnson\'s name is now fixed on the parking spot. Johnson is now working tirelessly with all of the members of the Senate, battling the troublesome Joseph McCarthy, making amendments to the Taft-Hartley Act, and pressing for civil rights legislation. A new face in Washington, Senator John F. Kennedy, is told under no uncertain terms that a committee spot on the Foreign Relations Committee in the Senate would be his if he stayed for a crucial labor vote. This meeting proved important as time moves forward to 1959, when Kennedy is one of the nominees for the Presidential campaign for the Democratic Party. A visit by JFK\'s brother Robert Kennedy to Texas is arranged as father Joseph Kennedy, who along with his sons, wish to know if LBJ is running for President or not. Johnson refers to Robert Kennedy as a "Harvard man" in a derisive tone while he discovers Robert\'s true intentions, and goes out of his way to try to embarrass him while hunting. The lack of action by Johnson in responding to Kennedy in a timely fashion allows John Kennedy to build up a very strong support network, essentially shoving Johnson out of any real chance at the Presidential nomination. Promised votes by Wyoming, now going over to Kennedy to send him over the top to win the nomination, puts Johnson and his family off. Johnson says that his father was right, and that he made a big mistake by not doing something sooner. An offer of the Vice Presidency by John Kennedy is at first rejected by Johnson because of the advice of Sam Rayburn. The next day, Rayburn tells Johnson that he changed his mind, and LBJ accepts the offer, despite Robert Kennedy\'s attempt at squashing the idea. After JFK is elected in 1960, Johnson soon regrets his decision, and he is made to fill the most benign of roles while the President and his brother shut him out of meetings. This position changes drastically when John Kennedy is shot in Dallas in 1963, and Lyndon Johnson becomes the new President of the United States. He accompanies now widow Jacqueline Kennedy, along with his wife, on Air Force One on a trip back to Washington. He takes the Oath of Office by Texas federal district judge Sarah T. Hughes on board the aircraft, and a still of the moment along with a short audio summary of the events after ends the movie.'] ['The film focuses on two young Israeli rap artists, Subliminal, an Israeli Jew, and Tamer Nafar, an Israeli Arab, and focuses on their music, friendship, and their politicization as public figures. The film traces the relationship between Tamer and Subliminal, as the events of the Second Intifada unfold, and lets the viewer draw conclusions from the souring relations between the two as an individual representation of the polarization process which took place during these years of bloody conflict. In this aspect, the film succeeds in delivering the atmosphere of the loss of hopes for peace after the failure of the Camp David summit between Ehud Barak and Yasser Arafat and the renewed intensity of the conflict since. The film was featured in the San Francisco Jewish Film Festival.'] ["Judas meets Jesus and at first doesn't know what to make of him or whether or not to trust him. A cynical city boy, Judas makes fun of the country bumpkin disciples who follow Jesus but eventually decides to join the band, as well. He and Jesus become good friends, even though they often see things very differently. Ultimately, Judas is convinced that Jesus needs to use his popularity and wonder-working powers to free the Jews from the Romans, and Jesus sees a larger, spiritual perspective. As a friend, Judas convinces Jesus to give his disciples his miraculous powers, and he does with good results. Finally, the Jewish leaders spy on Judas and convince him of the greater good of betraying Jesus, in order to save the Jewish people. Judas gets caught between the corrupt leaders, Caiaphus and Pontius Pilate, and Jesus."] ["The film is a biopic of the Irish-American mob boss and FBI informant Danny Greene, who shot his way to the top of Cleveland's criminal underworld during the late 1970s."] ['Crime after Crime tells the dramatic story of the legal battle to free Debbie Peagler, an incarcerated survivor of domestic violence. She was wrongly convicted of the murder of her abusive boyfriend, and given 26 years in prison. Her story takes an unexpected turn two decades later when two rookie land-use attorneys step forward to take her case. Through their perseverance, they bring to light long-lost witnesses, new testimonies from the men who committed the murder, and proof of perjured evidence. Their investigation ultimately attracts global attention to victims of wrongful incarceration and abuse, and becomes a matter of life and death once more.'] ["The film is based on manuscripts of the interrogations of Adolf Eichmann  before he was tried and hanged in a prison in Israel. Eichmann recounts events from his past to a young Israeli officer, Captain Avner Less , who is faced with the immense task of tricking the skilled manipulator into self-incrimination. While the world waits, Less' countrymen call for immediate execution, forcing him and Eichmann to confront each other in a battle of wills."] ["Brian and Gale aren't friends in the beginning, in fact they are rivals. Brian, during their season together, was always one-upped by Gale, never being in the spotlight. After their first season, Brian pledges to beat Gale and take his position on the team. During their second season, Gale is still named running back. After he is injured during one of his games and loses hope of ever playing again, Brian resorts to taking charge of his rehabilitation, on the basis that if Gale gives up, and Brian rises to the top, he would have made it only on a chance and not by his own prowess. The two bond during this time, and soon become good friends. Brian is diagnosed with cancer during one of their seasons. The treatments and radiation therapy only do so much, and every time it seems as if everything is getting better, the cancer shows up again, someplace else, and soon Brian dies from the disease. During this time, Gale stays by his side."] ["The partially fictionalized film is set in 1977, the year in which Callas died, and centers on the making of a movie of Georges Bizet's Carmen. The diva, whose now-ragged voice is well past its prime, is persuaded to star in it by longtime friend and former manager Larry Kelly, who abandoned classical music to become a rock impresario. He insists by lip-synching to her old recording she will recapture her lost youth and leave behind a priceless legacy for her admirers, and his theory is supported by Callas confidante and journalist Sarah Keller. Other characters include Michael, a handsome young painter of limited talent and ardent Callas fan with whom Larry is infatuated; Marco, the tenor who plays Don José in Carmen and flirts with his aging co-star, who responds to his advances; and Bruna, the housekeeper in Callas' Paris apartment. Callas' passion for music and faith in herself are restored by the finished film. She refuses to lip-synch more filmed operas but agrees to star in a screen adaptation of Tosca if it is filmed live, using her own voice. When the financial backers walk out and the contract is canceled, she demands that Larry destroy Carmen, arguing its release would be contrary to her legacy of honest performances, even those she delivered on really awful nights when her fans wanted to close their ears and hide their eyes with embarrassment and disappointment."] ["Good Night, and Good Luck. is set in 1953, during the early days of television broadcast journalism. Edward R. Murrow  and his dedicated staff—headed by his co-producer Fred Friendly  and reporter Joseph Wershba  in the CBS newsroom—defy corporate and sponsorship pressures, and discredit the tactics used by Joseph McCarthy during his crusade to root out Communist elements within the government. Murrow first defends Milo Radulovich, who is facing separation from the U.S. Air Force because of his sister's political leanings and because his father is subscribed to a Serbian newspaper. Murrow makes a show on McCarthy attacking him. A very public feud develops when McCarthy responds by accusing Murrow of being a communist. Murrow is accused of having been a member of the leftist union Industrial Workers of the World, which Murrow claimed was false. In this climate of fear and reprisal, the CBS crew carries on and their tenacity ultimately strikes a historic blow against McCarthy. Historical footage also shows the questioning of Annie Lee Moss, a Pentagon communication worker accused of being a communist based on her name appearing on a list seen by an FBI infiltrator of the American Communist Party. The film's subplots feature Joseph and Shirley Wershba, recently married staffers, having to hide their marriage to save their jobs at CBS as well as the suicide of Don Hollenbeck  who had been accused in print of being a Communist. The film is framed by performance of the speech given by Murrow to the Radio and Television News Directors Association in 1958, in which Murrow harshly admonishes his audience not to squander the potential of television to inform and educate the public.Edward R. Murrow Speech, 1958 , Radio Television Digital News Association RTNDA.org"] ['Several screens of text giving some background are shown before a bust is shown flying over a palace wall and shattering into countless pieces. The film shows the story of a bereaved Queen Victoria  and her relationship with a Scottish servant, John Brown , and the subsequent uproar it provoked. Brown had been a trusted servant of Victoria\'s then deceased and beloved Prince Consort, Prince Albert; Victoria\'s chief servants thought Brown might help to ease an inconsolable Queen since the Prince Consort\'s death in 1861. In 1863, hoping to subtly coax the Queen toward resuming public life after years of seclusion, Mr. Brown is summoned to court. The plan succeeds a little too well for the servants\' liking, especially Victoria\'s chief secretary Sir Henry Ponsonby (played by [[Geoffrey Palmer  and The Prince of Wales  as well as other members of the Royal family; the public, press and politicians soon come to resent Brown\'s perceived influence over the queen. Brown takes considerable liberties with court protocol, especially by addressing Her Majesty as "woman". He also quickly takes control over the Queen\'s daily activities, further aggravating the tensions between himself and the royal family and servants. The moniker "Mrs. Brown", used both at the time and in the film, implied an improper, and perhaps sexual, relationship. The film does not directly address the contemporary suspicions that the Queen and Brown had had a sexual relationship and perhaps had even secretly married (see the article on [[John Brown , though cartoons from the satirical magazine Punch are shown as being passed around in Parliament . As a result of Victoria\'s virtual recluse, especially at Balmoral Castle in Scotland, something initially encouraged by Brown, her popularity is failing and there is a growing rise in republican sentiment. Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli  has a weakening hold over the House of Commons and a fear of rising anti-monarchical sentiment in the country. He persuades Brown to use his influence with the Queen and persuade her to return to the performance of her public duties, especially the speech from the throne at the impending opening of Parliament. Brown is reluctant to do so, rightly fearing that Victoria will take this as a personal betrayal. When Brown urges Victoria to return to London and fulfill her public duties, an argument ensues. Feeling betrayed by Brown, the Queen becomes enraged. She can\'t believe what she is hearing. When Brown once again refers to her as "woman", she sharply rebukes him. Leaving the room, she turns to Ponsonby and Jenner requesting that they serve her needs, clearly reducing Mr. Brown\'s contact and influence over her. Their relationship was never to be the same again. The Queen\'s eventual acquiescence and her decision to return to public life eventually leads to a revitalization of her popularity and a resurgence in public support of the monarchy. Brown continues to serve Queen Victoria, until his death in 1883. In his final years, his duties become reduced to head of security. The palace staff has become weary of Brown\'s dogmatic ways and they mock and rebuke his security efforts as paranoid delusions. Finally, during a public event, a gun wielding assassin appears out of the crowd leaping toward the royal family. An ever vigilant Mr. Brown successfully thwarts the assassination attempt. At dinner the next evening, the Prince of Wales retells the story, bragging to their dinner companions that he had been the one to warn Brown of the assassin. Seeing through her son\'s bragging, the Queen announces instead that a special medal for bravery, the "Devoted Service Medal," will be minted and awarded to Mr. Brown. Some years later, Mr. Brown becomes gravely ill with pneumonia after chasing through the woods late at night searching for a possible intruder. Hearing of Brown\'s illness, the Queen visits Mr. Brown\'s room and is visibly shaken to see her old friend so ill. Placing a cool damp cloth against Brown\'s fevered brow, she confesses that she has not been as good a friend as she might have been in recent years. It is clear that her apology is accepted by Brown. The pneumonia proves fatal for Brown and he passes away. During his years of service, Mr. Brown has kept a diary and upon his passing, Ponsonby and Dr. Jenner discuss its contents stating that it must never be seen by anyone. Holding the diary at his side, Ponsonby walks away and it\'s implied that the diary will be destroyed or will disappear. Dr. Jenner also reveals that the Prince of Wales has hurled the Queen\'s favorite bust of Mr. Brown up and over the "palace wall", referring us back to the film\'s opening sequence. The film\'s closing crawl informs us that: "John Brown\'s diary was never found."'] [' In 1963, teen-aged Frank Abagnale  lives New Rochelle, New York with his father Frank Abagnale, Sr. , and French mother Paula . When Frank Sr. is denied a business loan at Chase Manhattan Bank due to unspecified difficulties with the IRS, the family is forced to move from their large home to a small apartment. Paula carries on an affair with Jack , a friend of her husband. Meanwhile, Frank poses as a substitute teacher in his French class. Frank\'s parents file for divorce, and Frank runs away. When he runs out of money, he begins to rely on confidence scams to get by. Soon, Frank\'s cons grow bolder and he even impersonates an airline pilot. He forges Pan Am payroll checks and succeeds in stealing over $2.8 million. Meanwhile, Carl Hanratty , an FBI bank fraud agent, begins to track down Frank. Carl and Frank meet in a hotel, where Frank convinces Carl his name is Barry Allen of the Secret Service. Frank leaves, Carl angrily realizing his mistake just as it is too late. Later, at Christmas, Carl is still working when Frank calls him, attempting to apologize for duping Carl. Carl rejects his apology and tells him he will soon be caught, but laughs when he realizes Frank actually called him because he has no one else to talk to. Frank hangs up, and Carl continues to investigate, suddenly realizing  that the name "Barry Allen" is from the Flash comic books and that Frank is just a teenager. Frank, meanwhile, has not only changed to becoming a doctor and a lawyer, but has fallen in love with Brenda , to whom he eventually admits the truth about himself and asks her to run away with him. Carl tracks him to his engagement party where Frank has left Brenda, asking her to meet him two days later so they can elope. Frank sees her waiting for him two days later, but also sees agents in disguise. He realizes he has been set up and escapes on a flight to Europe. Seven months later, Carl shows his boss that Frank has been forging checks all over western Europe and asks permission to go to Europe to look for him. When his boss says no, Carl brings Frank\'s checks to printing professionals who deem that the checks were printed in France. Carl remembers from an interview with Frank\'s mother that she was born in Montrichard, France. He goes there and finds Frank, and tells him that the French police will kill him if he does not go with Carl quietly. Frank assumes he is lying at first, but Carl promises Frank he would never lie to him, and Carl takes him outside, where the French police escort him to prison. The scene then flashes forward to a plane returning Frank home from prison, where Carl informs him that his father has died. Consumed with grief, Frank escapes from the plane and goes back to his old house, where he finds his mother with the man she left his father for, as well as a girl who Frank realizes is his half-sister. Frank gives himself up and is sentenced to 12 years in prison, getting visits from time to time from Carl. When Frank points out how one of the checks Carl is carrying as evidence is fake, Carl convinces the FBI to offer Frank a deal by which he can live out the remainder of his sentence working for the bank fraud department of the FBI, which Frank accepts. While working at the FBI, Frank misses the thrill of the chase and even attempts to fly as an airline pilot again. He is cornered by Carl, who insists that Frank will return to the FBI job since no one is chasing him. On the following Monday, Carl is nervous that Frank has not yet appeared at work. However, Frank does show up and they discuss their next case. The ending credits reveal that Frank has been happily married for 26 years, has three sons, lives in the Midwest, is still good friends with Carl, has caught some of the world\'s most elusive money forgers, and earns millions of dollars each year because of his work creating unforgeable checks.'] ['In 1980, U.S. Representative Charlie Wilson  is more interested in partying than legislating, frequently throwing huge galas and staffing his congressional office with young, attractive women. His social life eventually brings about a federal investigation into allegations of his cocaine use, conducted by then-U.S. Attorney Rudy Giuliani as part of a larger investigation into congressional misconduct. The investigation results in no charge against Charlie. A friend and romantic interest, Joanne Herring , encourages Charlie to do more to help the Afghan people, and persuades Charlie to visit the Pakistani leadership. The Pakistanis complain about the inadequate support of the U.S. to oppose the Soviet Union, and they insist that Charlie visit a major Pakistan-based Afghan refugee camp. Charlie is deeply moved by their misery and determination to fight, but is frustrated by the regional CIA personnel\'s insistence on a low key approach against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan. Charlie returns home to lead an effort to substantially increase funding to the mujahideen. As part of this effort, Charlie befriends the maverick CIA agent Gust Avrakotos  and his understaffed Afghanistan group to find a better strategy, especially including a means to counter the Soviets\' formidable Mi-24 helicopter gunship. This group was composed in part of members of the CIA\'s Special Activities Division, including a young paramilitary officer named Michael Vickers . As a result, Charlie\'s deft political bargaining for the necessary funding and Avrakotos\' group\'s careful planning using those resources, such as supplying the guerrillas with FIM-92 Stinger missile launchers, turns the Soviet occupation into a deadly quagmire with their heavy fighting vehicles being destroyed at a crippling rate. The CIA\'s anti-communism budget evolves from $5 million to over $500 million , startling several congressmen. This effort by Charlie ultimately evolves into a major portion of the U.S. foreign policy known as the Reagan Doctrine, under which the U.S. expanded assistance beyond just the mujahideen and began also supporting other anti-communist resistance movements around the world. Charlie states that senior Pentagon official Michael Pillsbury persuaded President Ronald Reagan to provide the Stingers to the Afghans: "Ironically, neither Gust nor Charlie was directly involved in the decision and claims any credit."<ref nameCrile|firstCharlie Wilson\'s War: The Extraordinary Story of the Largest Covert Operation in History|publisher2003|isbnGeorge Crile III}}{{rp}} Charlie follows Gust\'s guidance to seek support for post-Soviet occupation Afghanistan, but finds almost no enthusiasm in the U.S. government for even the modest measures he proposes. The film ends with Charlie receiving a major commendation for the support of the U.S. clandestine services, but his pride is tempered by his fears of what unintended consequences his secret efforts could yield in the future and the implications of U.S. disengagement from Afghanistan.'] ['Charlotte von Mahlsdorf, a male to female transsexual, recounts incidents from her eventful life. Now elderly, she runs the Gründerzeit Museum, fulfilling her dream of living as a woman from the turn of 20th century. Scenes of her life are dramatized. Two actors play the young and middle aged Charlotte and she plays herself in the later years. Life was difficult for Charlotte growing up as Lothar Berfelde, in Nazi Germany during World War II. An effeminate boy, he enjoyed cleaning and dusting at the home of her benevolent great uncle. His early desire to live as woman finally found an outlet when he was sent on vacation to Eastern Prussia in the household of her aunt Luise, herself a member of the third sex. A female to male transsexual, aunt Luise surprises her nephew trying out female outfits. She allows the youth to dress at home as a girl and gives him to read the book The Transvestite by Dr Magnus Hirshfeld. She also respects the boy’s privacy when she finds her nephew having sex in the barn with a farm boy. Back in Berlin, after the death of his great uncle, the young Lothar, found himself at the complete mercy of his brutal father. Trying to save his mother and himself from his father punishments and threats, Lothar bludgeons his father to death, a crime for which he is psychiatrically evaluated and imprisoned. The defeat of Germany during the war and the allied invasion sets the boy free. Wandering through the street of Berlin, he barely escapes to be killed as a deserted by German soldiers. By 1946 Lothar has come to identify herself as a feminine being in a masculine body. She lives now full time as a woman under the name Charlotte von Mahlsdorf, being Charlotte or "Lottchen" similar to Lothar and Mahlsdorf for the section of Berlin were she lives. She moves into the destroyed Friedrishfelde castle and spends years and a lot of hard work trying to restore it. But eventually she is expelled by the East German authorities. Working as a domestic in the household of Herbert von Zitzenau, an elderly equestrian officer, she is seduced by her employer and they start a sexual relationship. She explains that she preferred older lovers feeling protected by them the way women do. That affair lasted several years until Zitzenau’s health declined and death. Even though life for gays is difficult under the communist regime of East Germany, they find their way around. Cruising a public restroom, Charlotte meets Joechen, a lover with whom she could be a real woman. Their relation with Sadomasochism role playing last for twenty seven year until Joeche’s death For more than thirty years Charlotte manages to live her life as a woman in East Germany. She preserves the entire contents of East Berlin\'s first  gay bar, after the DDR government closed the bar, and moved to demolish the building. Its contents were transferred to the Gründerzeit Museum in Mahlsdorf run by Charlotte and a lesbian couple. In 1989 the elderly Charlotte, very much active, takes a role in the first East German gay film: Heiner Carow\'s Coming Out. Its premiere coincides with the fall of Berlin Wall. But even in a unified Germany Charlotte has to face many problems. The German government takes the Gründerzeit Museum and its contents from Charlotte hands and she and her gay friends are attacked by neo-Nazis during the first joint East- west gay and lesbian gathering. In 1992 her labor is recognized when she receives the Cross of the Order of Merit from the government for furthering the cause of sexual freedom.'] ['A young man  in Spain shaves off all his body hair and turns himself in to the police. The man claims to be a 16 year old boy from Louisiana named Nicholas Mark Randall, who had been missing for four years. His story is that he was kidnapped by a child prostitution ring in France who physically altered his appearance, including changing his eye color. He is reunited with his family who immediately have their suspicions regarding his story. His mother  and half brother Brendan  do not seem to accept him, and many questions are open regarding whether this man could in fact be their lost family member, considering he does not look anything like the boy who left and now talks with a French accent. His sister Kathy  accepts his story without hesitation and eventually so does his possible mother. F.B.I. Agent Jennifer Johnson  strongly suspects that he is lying because she has had extensive experiences with people lying to her, including a man who was a child murderer whom she had dated. Meanwhile, his story starts to unravel and the true story of what happened to Nicholas starts to emerge.'] ['During Prohibition, Al Capone  has nearly the whole city of Chicago under his control and supplies liquor at high prices. Bureau of Prohibition agent Eliot Ness , summoned to stop Capone, conducts raids using a large squad of officers. After his efforts fail due to corrupt policemen tipping off Capone, he meets a grizzled, seasoned Irish American officer Jim Malone  and is told to enlist men from the police academy who have not yet come under Capone\'s influence. Italian American trainee George Stone , is enlisted due to his superior marksmanship and intelligence. They are joined by accountant Oscar Wallace , assigned to Ness from Washington, D.C. The four make an unorthodox raid at the bank and find an entire room of shipped liquor. They successfully arrest the workers and guards. Wallace informs Ness that Capone has not filed an income tax return in four years; therefore, they can try Capone for tax evasion. Ness is visited by an alderman who tries to bribe him into dropping the investigation, but Ness throws him out. Meanwhile, Capone is in a meeting and, after sharing his philosophy on baseball and teamwork, promptly beats and kills the man who was in charge of the busted operation with a baseball bat. When Frank Nitti  threatens Ness\'s family, Ness has them moved to a safer place, then takes the team to the Canada – United States border for a raid on a liquor shipment. Ness chases one of the gangsters into an empty house and kills him in self-defense. Malone captures George , a Capone bookkeeper, and brings him back to the house for interrogation. George proves uncooperative, so Malone grabs the dead man and shoots him to coerce George into cooperating, much to the dismay of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police who have assisted in the raid. At the police station, Nitti kills Wallace and George in an elevator and writes "TOUCHABLE" on the wall in Wallace\'s blood. Ness angrily confronts Capone and his men, but Malone intervenes, as Capone mocks Ness over the death of his friend. Malone persuades Ness to stall the district attorney  from dropping the case, then corners policeman Mike Dorsett, who sold out Wallace and George to Capone. Malone learns about another Capone accountant, Walter Payne, and calls Ness with the news. A knife-wielding thug breaks into Malone\'s home; Malone forces him out the front door with a shotgun, but steps into an ambush set up by Nitti and the latter riddles him with bullets. He lives long enough for Ness and Stone to find him, and shows them which train Payne will take out of town before he dies. Ness and Stone arrive at Union Station and find Payne guarded by several gangsters. After a fierce shootout, the two succeed in killing the gangsters and taking Payne alive. Payne testifies in court about the cash flows throughout the Capone organization, with the result of $1 million. Ness, however, notices that Capone seems unperturbed despite the probability of serving a long prison sentence, and also sees Nitti carrying a gun inside his jacket. He escorts Nitti out of the courtroom with the bailiff and discovers that Nitti has the mayor\'s permission to carry the weapon. Ness identifies Nitti as Malone\'s assassin after seeing Malone\'s address in Nitti\'s matchbook. Nitti shoots the bailiff in a panic and flees to the roof of the building, but Ness corners him. Ness says Nitti will pay for killing Malone, but when Nitti makes snide comments about Malone\'s death , Ness pushes him off the roof. In the courtroom, Stone shows Ness a document from Nitti\'s jacket that reveals that the jury was bribed, explaining Capone\'s relaxed mood. The judge has no intention of using it as evidence until Ness bluffs that the judge\'s name is in Payne\'s ledger of payoffs. The judge decides to switch juries with a neighboring courtroom and restart the trial. Capone is furious and orders his lawyer to do something but he can only think of changing Capone\'s status to guilty. Capone is later sentenced to 11 years in prison. Packing up his Chicago office, Ness ponders the Saint Jude pendant that Malone had carried with him for many years, and which Malone had given to him before dying. He gives the pendant to Stone, reasoning that Malone would have wanted a cop to have it. A reporter mentions that Prohibition is due to be repealed and asks what Ness might do then, Ness responds, "I think I\'ll have a drink."'] ['{{Plot}} In 2003, Harvard University student Mark Zuckerberg  is dumped by his girlfriend Erica Albright  at a bar. He returns to his dorm drunk and writes a blog entry about her. This inspires him to create an on-campus website called Facemash which allows users to rate the attractiveness of female students using photographs pilfered from various university systems. Mark receives six months of academic probation after traffic to the site crashes parts of Harvard\'s network. Facemash\'s popularity and the fact that Mark created it in one night while drunk brings him to the attention of Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss  and their business partner Divya Narendra . The Winklevoss twins invite Mark to their final club, where Mark accepts a job as programmer for a proposed dating website they call Harvard Connection which will be exclusive to Harvard alumni. Mark approaches his friend Eduardo Saverin  and tells him of his idea for what he calls "Thefacebook", an online social networking website exclusive to Harvard University students. He explains that this would mimic the popularity of FaceMash but since signing up would be consensual it would avoid the ethical problems of the earlier site. Eduardo agrees to help Mark, providing $1,000 to help start the site. They distribute the link to Eduardo\'s connections at the Phoenix S-K final club, and it becomes popular throughout the student body. When they learn of Thefacebook, the Winklevoss twins and Narendra believe Zuckerberg has stolen their idea while stalling on their website. Tyler and Divya want to sue Mark for intellectual property theft, but Cameron convinces them to settle the matter as "Gentlemen of Harvard". During a visiting lecture by Bill Gates , fellow Harvard University student Christy Lee  introduces herself and her friend Alice  to Eduardo and Mark and asks the boys to "Facebook me". Christy\'s use of this phrase impresses both of them. Christy invites them to a bar, where Mark runs into Erica, who is not aware of Thefacebook because she is not a Harvard student. Mark decides to expand the site to Yale University, Columbia University and Stanford University as Thefacebook grows in popularity, while the Winklevoss twins and Narendra watch "their idea" advance without them. Cameron refuses to sue them, instead accusing Mark of violating the Harvard student Code of Conduct. Through their father Howard\'s  connections, they meet with Harvard President Larry Summers , who is dismissive towards the twins and sees no potential value in either a disciplinary action or in Thefacebook website itself. Through Christy, now Eduardo\'s girlfriend, Eduardo and Mark arrange a meeting with Napster co-founder Sean Parker . Eduardo becomes skeptical, noting Sean\'s problematic personal and professional history. Sean presents a vision for Facebook very similar to that of Mark, which earns Mark\'s instant admiration. In a parting comment, Sean suggests they drop the "The" from Thefacebook, saying it looks cleaner without the \'The\'. At Sean\'s suggestion, Mark moves the company to Palo Alto while Eduardo remains in New York seeking advertising support. Sean advises Mark to keep hold of his ownership of Facebook to ensure that Mark does not lose control of a potentially lucrative business venture. After Sean promises to expand Facebook to two continents, Mark invites Sean to live at the house he is using as the company headquarters. While competing in the Henley Royal Regatta for Harvard, the Winklevoss twins discover Facebook has expanded to a number of English universities and footage of their lost rowing race final against the Hollandia Roeiclub is posted on it. Cameron relents and they decide to sue. When Eduardo visits from New York, he is angered to find Sean living in their house and making business decisions for Facebook. Eduardo argues with Mark, with Mark making a demeaning remark regarding Eduardo\'s failed attempts to find advertisers. Eduardo freezes the company\'s bank account out of anger and returns to New York. Eduardo has been dismayed to learn that his girlfriend Christy is "psychotic," as he terms it. Upon his return to New York, Christy angrily confronts Eduardo about his Facebook profile, which lists him as "single". She refuses to believe Eduardo when he reluctantly explains that he does not know how to change his profile. She accuses him of cheating on her and sets fire to a scarf he gave to her. While Eduardo extinguishes the fire she caused, Mark reveals on the phone that although he was upset that Eduardo almost jeopardized Facebook by freezing the bank account, they have secured $500,000 from angel investor Peter Thiel . Eduardo breaks up with Christy and returns to California. While visiting the new headquarters for a meeting, Eduardo discovers the deal he signed with Sean\'s investors has allowed them to dilute his share of the company from 34 percent to 0.03 percent, while maintaining the ownership percentage of all other parties. He confronts Mark and announces his intention to sue him. During a party celebrating Facebook\'s one millionth member, Sean and a number of underage Facebook interns are arrested for possession of cocaine. Sean tries deceiving Mark into believing that he had nothing to do with the incident and that Eduardo stashed the cocaine, but Mark does not believe him and tells him to "go home". The story is intercut with scenes from depositions taken in lawsuits against Mark and Facebook—one filed by the Winklevoss twins, the other by Eduardo. The Winklevoss twins claim that Zuckerberg stole their idea, while Saverin claims his shares of Facebook were unfairly diluted when the company was incorporated. At the end, Marylin Delpy , a junior lawyer for the defense, informs Mark they will be settling with Eduardo, since the sordid details of Facebook\'s founding and Mark\'s callous attitude will make a jury highly unsympathetic. After everyone leaves, Mark sends a friend request to Erica Albright on Facebook, and refreshes the page every few seconds waiting for a response. An epilogue reveals the following information: Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss received a settlement of $65 million, signed a non-disclosure agreement, and rowed in the 2008 Beijing Olympics, placing sixth; Eduardo Saverin received a settlement of an unknown amount and his name was restored to the Facebook masthead as a Co-founder of Facebook; the website has over 500 million members in 207 countries and is valued at 25 billion dollars; and Mark Zuckerberg is the world\'s youngest billionaire.'] ['A documentary film by director Ashley Greyson which looks at Platinum-selling, Grammy-nominated artists Hanson and their three-year struggle with their record label, Island/Def Jam. With the music industry in the aftermath of corporate mergers, deregulated radio, and an uncertain future, Hanson is faced with the challenge of making a new album while dealing with an endless array of obstacles. Throughout their trial and tribulations, they must learn to cope with an insatiable record label executive, incompatible producers and ultimately with each other.'] ['In 1989, Anthony Swofford  is being trained in a U.S. Marine Corps boot camp by the choleric, hard-boiled Drill Instructor Fitch ([[Scott MacDonald . After finishing boot camp, "Swoff" is dispatched to Camp Pendleton. Swoff then explains how he tried to fit into civilian life. He thought about going to college but he instead joins \'shows\' some highlights of his life including taking a \'dump\' and \'studying\'  with his girlfriend; who later cheats on him. Swofford finds boot camp tough as he struggles through making friends and living day to day. He then writes "fuck it" on a light billboard with large letters before the movie cuts to him sitting in the head. In the head trying to be "sick" , is slipped food under the door before he is approached by Staff Sergeant Sykes , a Marine "lifer" who invites Swofford to his Scout Sniper course. After arduous training sessions that claim the life of one candidate, Swofford is one of the 8 remaining from the original 60 candidates and is selected to be trained as a sniper and paired with his roommate Troy , who becomes Swofford\'s spotter. During all of this Swoff is put through his paces and learns a variety of sniper techniques. Although he first thinks of it as a joke, he starts to fall in love with the idea of getting to kill someone. Shortly after, Kuwait is invaded by Iraq and Swofford\'s unit is dispatched to the Persian Gulf as a part of Operation Desert Shield. Although the Marines are very eager to see combat action, they are forced to hydrate, wait, patrol the nearby area and adjust themselves to the arid environment. A main technique suggested for boredom and loneliness is masturbation. During the waiting period the "wall of shame" is shown and as Swoff is looking at it a fellow Marine  teases Swoff that its only a matter of time before Swoff\'s girl is up there. This greatly plays on Swoff\'s mind throughout his deployment. During an impromptu Christmas party thrown by Swofford, who has obtained unauthorized alcohol, Fergus , a member of Swofford\'s unit, accidentally sets fire to a tent and a crate of flares. Swofford gets the blame because he was supposed to be on watch but had Fergus sit in for him. As a consequence, Swofford is demoted from Lance Corporal  to Private  and is forced to undertake the degrading task of burning "diesel fuel" . The punishments, the heat and the boredom, combined with suspicions of his girlfriend\'s infidelity and feelings of isolation, temporarily drive Swofford to the point of mental breakdown. He threatens and nearly shoots fellow Marine Fergus then turns the weapon on himself and demands the traumatized Fergus to shoot him. When Fergus refuses Swofford leaves the tent. After the long stand in the desert, Operation Desert Storm, the coalition force\'s ground campaign, begins. The Marines are dispatched to the Saudi-Kuwaiti border. Briefly before the action begins, Swofford learns from Sykes that Troy concealed his criminal record when enlisting and will be discharged after the end of hostilities. Troy begins to keep distant from his fellow Marines. Knowing that Troy will never be allowed to re-enlist, the Marines brand him with a hot USMC iron, marking him as one of their own. Following an accidental air attack from friendly forces, the Marines advance through the desert, facing no enemies on the ground. The troops march through the Highway of Death, strewn with the burnt vehicles and charred bodies of retreating Iraqi soldiers, the aftermath of a U.S. bombing campaign. Later, the Marines suddenly catch sight of distant burning oil wells, lit only moments before by the retreating Iraqis, and they attempt to dig sleeping holes as a rain of crude oil falls from the sky. Before they can finish them, Sykes orders the squad to move to where the wind prevents the oil from raining on them. Swofford and Troy are finally given a combat mission. Their order is to shoot two high-ranking officers in Saddam\'s Republican Guard, holed up at a nearby airfield. At the last second before Swofford takes the shot, a high-ranking US officer interrupts them to call in an air strike. Swofford and Troy vehemently protest but they are overruled and later watch as the planes destroy the Iraqi airfield. On returning home the troops parade through the towns in a jovial celebration of victory. Swofford returns home to his family and girlfriend, but discovers her with a new boyfriend. Fowler is seen to be with a prostitute in a bar, Kruger  in a corporate boardroom, Escobar  as a supermarket employee, Cortez  as a father of three kids, and Sykes continuing his service as a First Sergeant in Operation Iraqi Freedom. An unspecified amount of time later Swofford learns of Troy\'s death  during a surprise visit from Fergus. He attends the funeral, meets some of his old friends, and afterwards he reminisces about the effects of the war.'] ["The film begins in 1918, at a US Army Air Corps flying school where Edgar  is a flight instructor giving a young pilot landing instruction. During one of the landing attempts, the plane crashes and the young pilot is killed, though Edgar survives. Ten years pass, and Edgar has become a Contract Air Mail pilot flying the rugged CAM-5 route between Elko, Nevada and Pasco, Washington, with a stopover in Boise, Idaho. When asked to take a passenger, Edgar reluctantly agrees, revealing that the last time he had a passenger in his plane, it was the doomed trainee from the opening sequence. Tillie Hansen  is outspoken and rebellious. She makes it clear that she does not want to go to her aunt's house, but her father demands it. He uses his influence as banker for the airline to secure passage for Tillie on Edgar's flight. Tillie annoys Edgar with her questions, and he acts coldly towards her. During the stopover at Boise, Edgar's pilot friend, Stiller([[Scott Wilson  changes the oil in the engine, but neglects to tighten a hose. The tension between Edgar and Tillie continues to escalate, and when the flight resumes, Edgar decides to take a shortcut over the mountains, deviating from the normal route. However, the engine loses oil pressure and soon fails causing Edgar to crash land the plane on a remote ridge. The tensions between Tillie and Edgar continue to escalate with Tillie blaming Edgar for stranding them, and Edgar calling Tillie a jinx. During the night, Tillie accidentally blows up the remains of the plane with a cigarette. Afterwards, Edgar's anger subsides as he seems to accept the hopelessness of their situation. The next day, Edgar goes out hunting, and manages to shoot a rabbit with his pistol. However, while returning to camp he is attacked by a pack of wolves, who steal the rabbit, and badly wound his arm. Tillie manages to sew the wound shut and bandages Edgar's arm. Faced with the continued threat of the wolves, and since the remains of the plane have been destroyed, Edgar and Tillie decide to climb down the cliff to the canyon below. During their descent, a search plane flies overhead. Edgar and Tillie jump on a ledge to try to signal the plane, but Tillie falls and breaks her leg. The two are forced to spend the night on the cliff face, and their mutual affection develops. The next day Edgar carries Tillie to the canyon floor, where he makes a travois to haul her. When Tillie spots some telephone lines, Edgar heads off to investigate, leaving Tillie his revolver. Meanwhile, one of the search pilots has determined the location of the crash, and flies toward the crash site. As Edgar returns to the clearing where he has left Tillie, he is again attacked by a wolf, within sight of Tillie. The rescue plane flies overhead and spots Edgar being attacked by the wolf, but is powerless to do anything. Tillie manages to crawl out of her travois and shoots the wolf, saving Edgar's life. They are rescued and brought back to civilization, and the film ends with hints of a romantic relationship."] ['The film is a character-driven documentary, which also reveals and explores a subculture of large wild animal keeping and breeding across the United States. The film starts from the premise that there are more tigers in private hands in the United States than there are roaming wild in the world.http://www.hsus.org/press_and_publications/press_releases/hsus_urges_us_senate_to_restrict_pet_trade_in_exotic_big_cats.html HSUS Urges U.S. Senate to Restrict Pet Trade in Exotic Big Cats And, that it is legal in half of the United States to keep a tiger or other big cat. The Tiger Next Door follows the story of a man named Dennis Hill who has been keeping and breeding tigers from his backyard in Flat Rock, Indiana for over 15 years. When the film begins, Hill has recently lost his federal USDA license to keep and breed tigers, bears and cougars and the Indiana Department of Natural Resources is threatening to shut him down citing dangerous and inhumane conditions. Hill has five days remaining to upgrade his facilities and place all but three of his 24 tigers, three bears, six leopards and one cougar in alternate homes --before the Indiana DNR will consider issuing licenses for the remaining three animals. The 86 minute film explores Hill\'s past and his motivations, as well as the numerous incidence of private large wild animal breeding in the United States-- by featuring extensive interviews with Hill, his family, neighbors and friends, local DNR officials, Special Agent Tim Santel of US Fish and Wildlife, Joe Taft director of the Exotic Feline Rescue Center,http://www.exoticfelinerescuecenter.org/ Exotic Feline Rescue Center and Carole Asvestas director of Wild Animal Orphanage. Ultimately, The Tiger Next Door draws connections between breeders like Hill and the nationwide overpopulation of domestically bred tigers. Hill\'s unfolding story is told against the backdrop of other news stories of tiger escapes, attacks and situations "gone bad" from around the United States. Including the story of Ming,http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/2003-10-08-tiger-harlem-usat_x.htm USA Today the tiger who was found in an apartment in Harlem, New York in 2003. Filming for The Tiger Next Door began in 2003. The film debuted at the 2009 Hot Docs Film Festival in Toronto, Canada. This is Calamandrei\'s second feature length documentary. Her first feature documentary Prisoners in Paradise dealt with the story of Italian Prisoners of war held in the United States as POWs during World War II. It won Best of Festival at the Rhode Island International Film Festival in 2001 and was broadcast on PBS. Her first film, a short about ballroom dancing, premiered at Sundance Film Festival in 1990. Calamandrei is also the producer/director of live action segments for the Jim Henson/PBS children\'s show Sid the Science Kid.'] ['The film focuses on Project Nim, a research project that was mounted to determine whether a primate raised in close contact with humans could develop a limited "language" based on American Sign Language. The project was centered on a chimpanzee named Nim Chimpsky. The film also shows that Nim was passed between 3 different teachers, 2 of whom were the project leader\'s current or ex lovers and raises questions as to how seriously the experiment was performed.'] ['A young Tibetan from Québec, Canada, enters her homeland for the first time — carrying a clandestine video message from the Dalai Lama to Tibetans inside Tibet.'] ['A look at the life and work of physician-assisted suicide advocate Jack Kevorkian. Jack introduces a new idea of doctor assisted suicide. His aim is to help the hopeless patients who are suffering pain to commit suicide effortlessly.{{cite news}}'] ['Motherland is an epic documentary about the African continent from Ancient Egypt to the present. It is an overview of African history and contemporary issues but with the African people at the centre of the story. It is one of the first Pan-African features to be made.'] ['The film begins with Professor Alfred Kinsey , being interviewed about his sexual history. Interspersed with the interview, there are flashbacks from his childhood and young-adulthood. The former depicts his experiences as a Boy Scout and the other shows Kinsey disappointing his father by his chosen vocational intentions. It then shows Kinsey teaching at Indiana University as a professor of biology lecturing on gall wasps. Kinsey falls in love with a student in his class, whom he calls Mac , and marries her. Consummation of their marriage is difficult at first, because of a medical problem Mac has that is fixed easily with minor surgery, after which it is shown that she has an equally intense sexual appetite as her husband. Meanwhile, at the University, Professor Kinsey, who is affectionately called "Prok" by his graduate students, meets with students afterhours to offer individual sexual advice. At a book party celebrating Kinsey\'s latest publication on gall wasps, Kinsey approaches the dean of students about an open-forum sex education course as opposed to the anti-sex propaganda taught in a general health class. Eventually, it is approved, but on the grounds that it is open only to teachers, graduate or senior students or married students. Nevertheless, Kinsey begins, teaching the sex course to a packed auditorium. Kinsey continues to answer students\' questions in personal meetings but finds his answers to be severely limited by the complete paucity of scientific data about human sexual behavior. This leads Kinsey to pass out questionnaires in his sexual education class from which he learns of the enormous disparity between what society had assumed people do and what their actual practices are. After securing financial support from the Rockefeller Foundation, Kinsey and his research assistants, including his closest assistant, Clyde Martin , travel the country, interviewing subjects about their sexual histories. As time progresses Dr. Kinsey begins realizing that sexuality within humans, including himself, is a lot more varied than was originally thought. The range of expression he creates later becomes known as the Kinsey scale, which ranks overall sexuality from completely heterosexual to completely homosexual and everything in-between. The first sexological book Kinsey publishes, which is on the sexual habits of the male, is a large-scale success and a best seller. Kinsey\'s research turns to women, which is met with more controversy. With the release of the female volume, support for Kinsey declines. McCarthyist pressures lead the Rockefeller Foundation to withdraw its financial support, lest it be labeled "Communist" for backing the subversion of traditional American values. Kinsey feels that he has failed everyone who has ever been a victim of sexual ignorance. A customs office is tipped off to an importation of some of Kinsey\'s research material, which only exacerbates the financial situation of Kinsey\'s research organization. Kinsey suffers a heart attack, and is found to have developed an addiction to barbiturates. Meeting with other philanthropists fails to garner the support needed. Still, Kinsey continues his taking of sex histories. He interviews an older woman, who tells Kinsey that she had felt so much shame about her attraction to another woman that she became an alcoholic, but that his research has saved her life and made her happy again, by helping her come to terms with her own sexuality. The story returns to the initial interview with Kinsey, and he is asked about love and if he will ever attempt to conduct research on it. His response is that love is impossible to measure and impossible to quantify , but that it is important. The final scene is of Kinsey and his wife, pulling over to the side of the road for a nature walk. She remarks about a tree that has been there for a thousand years. Kinsey replies that the tree seems to display a strong love in the way its roots grip the earth. Afterwards, the two walk off together, Kinsey remarking "there\'s a lot of work to do".'] ['Princess Victoria of Kent is the heiress presumptive to the throne during the last years of the reign of her uncle King William IV. She is brought up under a strict set of rules devised by her mother , the Duchess of Kent and comptroller of the Duchess\'s household, Sir John Conroy, who calls it the "Kensington System." Conroy hopes that William IV will die while Victoria is still a minor, thus the Duchess would be appointed Regent, and he would be the power behind the throne through his considerable control of the Duchess. Victoria grows rebellious and resentful of her mother and Conroy\'s oppressive control of her every move. During an illness, her mother and Conroy attempt to force Victoria to sign papers that would make Conroy her personal secretary upon her majority. Although weak and ill, Victoria is strong enough to vehemently refuse this ploy, throwing the papers on the floor. Her uncle King Leopold I of Belgium wishes to use his influence through family ties to secure an alliance between Britain and Belgium. He realises his sister, the Duchess, exerts little influence over Victoria and decides to have his nephew Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld seduce Victoria. Albert is trained by Baron Stockmar to learn Victoria\'s interests, including her favourite novels, music and opera. The Duchess invites the Coburg brothers, Albert and Prince Ernest of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld to visit the household. Victoria and Albert develop an early fondness for each other, despite Victoria knowing that Albert was sent by her uncle to win her favours. They begin writing to one another after Albert has returned home. To maintain control over Victoria, Conroy and the Duchess keep her away from the King\'s court, and are unhappy when she insists on attending the King\'s birthday reception. At the reception in Windsor Castle, the King, stating his wish to be closer to Victoria, insults her mother in public twice. The King increases Victoria\'s income but this is rejected by Conroy, who physically subdues her in front of her mother, heightening the animosity between them. The King is outraged and sends the Whig Prime Minister Lord Melbourne to advise her. Victoria agrees to appoint Lord Melbourne as her private secretary, and he appoints her ladies-in-waiting, including the Duchess of Sutherland. King William dies after Victoria\'s 18th birthday, avoiding a regency. After accession, Victoria immediately begins to exert her independence, including moving into her own room and banishing Conroy from her household and coronation. During her first meeting with the Privy Council, she announces, "I am young, but I am willing to learn. And I mean to devote my life in service of my country and my people. I look for your help in this." Victoria moves into the recently completed Buckingham Palace. The Queen Dowager, Queen Adelaide advises Victoria against accepting all of Lord Melbourne\'s proposed ladies-in-waiting, but he persists. Lord Melbourne and Albert begin a battle for influence over Victoria. Albert goes to England to spend more time with Victoria. They bond further, dancing during her coronation and Albert hints at going further with their relationship but Victoria resists. Lord Melbourne loses a vote in Parliament, leading Victoria to invite Sir Robert Peel of the Tories to form a new government. However, Victoria refuses to allow Peel to replace her ladies-in-waiting, who are allies of Lord Melbourne. Peel in turn refuses the queen\'s invitation, allowing Melbourne to continue as prime minister. The subsequent crisis damages Victoria\'s popularity, leading to demonstrations outside the palace and insults hurled at her in public. The loneliness during the turbulence draws Victoria closer to Albert through their letters. She invites Albert to England and proposes marriage. Victoria and Albert have a loving marriage, but Albert is frustrated at his initial powerlessness in the household. Queen Adelaide advises Victoria to allow Albert to take on more duties, which he does. He reorganises the running of the royal household and dismisses Conroy for mishandling funds. He also becomes Victoria\'s primary adviser, rejecting the influences of Lord Melbourne and King Leopold. He overreaches when he goes over Victoria\'s head in a matter with parliamentary politics, leading to a fierce argument between the two. One morning, while riding in a carriage together, Victoria is fired upon by a would-be assassin. Albert shields her, and his bravery leads to their reconciliation. The final title card explains that Victoria and Albert had nine children. Their descendants are the royal families of Britain, Spain, Sweden, Norway, Yugoslavia, Russia, Greece, Romania and Germany. They reigned together for 20 years. Albert died from typhoid fever at age 42. In memory of him, Victoria had his clothes laid out every day until her death at the age of 81. Victoria and Albert championed reforms in education, welfare and industry. They also supported arts and sciences that were celebrated in the Great Exhibition of 1851. Victoria remains the longest reigning British monarch to date.'] ["In 1558, the Roman Catholic Mary I of England dies of a cancerous tumour in her uterus, leaving her Protestant half-sister Elizabeth as queen. Elizabeth had previously been jailed for a supposed conspiracy to murder Mary but has now been freed for her coronation. The film shows Elizabeth being courted by suitors  and urged by William Cecil, 1st Baron Burghley to marry, which, as he states, would secure her throne. Instead, she has a secret affair with her childhood sweetheart, Robert Dudley, Earl of Leicester. The affair is, however, no secret from Cecil—who makes it clear that a monarch has no private life. Elizabeth deals with various threats to her reign, including The Duke of Norfolk; her Catholic cousin, Mary, Queen of Scots, who conspires to have her murdered; agent of Scotland, Mary of Guise, who allies with France to attack England's forces. Elizabeth permanently banishes Dudley from her private presence when she finds out that he is married. Elizabeth feels that such relations could give a man too much power over her. Moreover, cutting off her relations with Dudley is part of the process by which she becomes increasingly tough and assertive—in one scene she carefully prepares and rehearses the speech she would deliver to a recalcitrant Parliament and force through her religious reforms. She also becomes capable of occasional ruthless behaviour—as in unflinchingly ordering the execution of those who she considers dangerous to her rule, as well as taking up as her right-hand man the Machiavellian Walsingham, who thinks nothing of torturing people or killing with his own hands. At the end of the film, Norfolk is executed for his conspiracy and Mary of Guise is assassinated by Elizabeth's advisor, Francis Walsingham. All this is a considerable change from the warm-hearted, rather romantic girl which Elizabeth was in the early parts of the film; remaining such would have been incompatible with being a queen who actually ruled and dominated the men around her, and her transformation is a major theme of the film. The film ends with Elizabeth cutting her hair by Kat and assuming the white-faced and gowned persona of the 'Virgin Queen', and initiating England's Golden Age. She sits down and the screen cuts to black."] ['The film follows the book What Do You Care What Other People Think? fairly closely in terms of the stories told. The film starts in 1924 with Richard and his father Melville walking through the woods where Melville shows his scientific inspiration for Richard. In 1934, Richard & Arline are in high school and their romantic relationship starts. The story then jumps to his college years and Arline getting sick with lymphatic tuberculosis. It continues to his move west to Los Alamos National Laboratory in Los Alamos, New Mexico, where Arline follows him later to a hospital in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where she dies. The film ends with Feynman crying at the sight of the red dress Arline had pointed out.'] ['Josephine Monaghan  is a young society woman who is seduced by her family\'s portrait photographer, and as a result, bears an illegitimate child. She is expelled from her family and home in disgrace, and with no other resources, she leaves her newborn son under the care of her sister and heads West. On the road, Josephine discovers that her options are very limited. As a single woman traveling alone, she is viewed with suspicion, or as sexual prey for any man. She assists a traveling salesman  who subsequently tries to sell her services as a whore to passing strangers. Seeing it as her only protection, Josephine scars her face, and begins to dress as a man &mdash; thus becoming "Jo." At a mining camp in Ruby City, she meets Percy  who takes her under his wing. Percy recommends Jo for a job at the stable, and teaches her about how to survive in the frontier. But Percy nurses a deep suspicion of women, viewing them to be "more trouble then they are worth." He later demonstrates his misogyny by slashing the face of a prostitute who refuses to give him oral sex. Jo no longer feels safe with Percy or her secret, so she accepts a job herding sheep, and heads for the mountains. After returning in the spring, Percy gives Jo a letter for her that he had received months earlier. The letter is from Jo\'s sister, and Percy having opened it, now knows he is a she. He is furious at being made a fool of by a woman and "a whore at that," referring to the mention of her son in the letter. He attacks and tries to rape Jo, but she draws her gun and subdues him. Largely ostracized by the town\'s people since the incident with the prostitute, Percy promises Jo he will not share her secret if she finances his journey out of the territory. She agrees, though swears to him she will find him and kill him if he breaks his silence. For five years she works as a shepherd, braving the deadly winters alone to the worry of her employer, Frank Badger , who has taken a liking to the "young man" he nicknames "Little Jo." When Jo has enough money saved, she quits Badger, and buys her own homestead. While frequently viewed as "peculiar," Jo is clearly educated, and earns the respect of the people in Ruby City and the surrounding territory. A local girl, Mary,  has her eye on Jo. Blind to the truth, most hope the two will court. One day in town, Jo comes across a mob about to lynch a Chinese laborer for trying to "take our jobs." Jo intervenes, and Badger insists the "chinaman", Tinman Wong , go to live with Jo to help with the homestead. Tinman accompanies Jo to the homestead, and takes on the duties of cook and housekeeper. Though he seems slow-witted, Jo is not happy at having company forced upon her, and is afraid he will discover she is not a man. She keeps as much distance as possible. But Tinman easily discovers the truth about Jo, and in doing so, reveals he is far more intelligent then he has pretended to be--he, too, has been masquerading for his own safety. Jo drops her guard and the two begin a love affair. A feud begins to brew between the sheep herders and cattlemen who are moving into the territory. The Eastern Cattle Company wants to buy up all the land in the area, and they kill anyone who does not comply. One by one, the sheep herders give in, or are murdered by masked gunmen. Jo has witnessed the brutal murders of too many of her friends, and the violence that will be necessary to win this kind of fight goes against her gentle nature. This is a masculine quality that goes beyond her ability to "pass," so Jo dons a dress once again in a feeble effort to step back into a more traditionally feminine role. Tinman argues that it will be impossible for her to go back being the society woman, urging her to keep the homestead, and stand against the cattlemen in the upcoming election. Jo will not be swayed, and meets with the representative from the cattle company, Henry Grey  to tell him she will sell. Tinman falls ill, and Jo summons Badger\'s wife , who practices folk medicine, to tend him. Badger comes along, and is furious when Grey arrives with his wife so that Jo can sign the final papers for the sale of the homestead. Feeling betrayed by Jo for helping the cattle company to "squeeze me," Badger hits Jo, proclaiming, "By God, boy! I thought you\'d amount to something." As Grey prepares the papers inside, Jo watches his wife who, through the warped glass, is visually reminiscent of Jo when she was a woman of society. In an instant, Jo changes her mind and refuses to sell to Grey, who leaves in disgust issuing less than veiled threats. Tinman recovers, and on election day, Badger and Jo ride to Ruby City but are met by several of Grey\'s masked gunmen. Badger shoots one of the gunmen, but is wounded, so it is up to Jo to finish the fight. She kills the two remaining men, but the pain of the act of killing is clearly indicated on her face. The plot jumps to many years later, after Tinman Wong has died. Jo collapses while fetching water, and Badger finds her in bed, near death. He takes her in his wagon to the Ruby City doctor, but she is dead before they arrive. As Badger buys rounds of drinks at the saloon in memory of Little Jo, the undertaker rushes in with his shocking discovery--Little Jo was a woman. The town elders rush back to the undertaker\'s to inspect. All stand around the preparation table in shock, all except Mrs. Addie , the saloon owner, who laughs and laughs. Badger is furious at the betrayal by his friend, and because Jo "made a fool out of me." He goes back to her homestead, and as he tears the place apart in anger, comes across the letter from her sister, and a picture of her as she lived as a woman. In town, the people tie Jo\'s dead body to her horse for a photograph. The final shot is of the newspaper story with the before-and-after photographs, and the headline, "Rancher Jo Was a Woman."'] ["On September 11, 1857, 120 immigrants aboard a wagon train bound for California were killed by Mormons in Utah. The event is described through the testimony of Nancy Sephrona, who was 4 years old at the time, and was one of the 17 known survivors. The film chronicles the struggle of the massacre descendants from both sides who are still haunted by the tragedy. LDS historian Glen Leonard is interviewed on camera, and makes statements as to the LDS Church's involvement in the massacre and the cover up. At the time, Leonard was working on the book Massacre at Mountain Meadows with historians Richard E. Turley, Jr. and Ronald W. Walker, which was published by Oxford University Press in 2008. The building of the monuments at the massacre site, as well as a dedication and speech by Gordon B. Hinckley, LDS Church President, can be seen in the documentary. The film also contains footage of forensic analysis of human remains found at the site during construction of the 1999 Monument."] ['The film explores how Cynthia developed her unique pursuit, follows the ups and downs of casting sessions with a shy guitarist and an extroverted glam rocker, and goes along for the ride as Cynthia prepares for her first gallery show in New York City.'] ['The film focuses on the issues of the commercialization of Christmas, materialism, the over-consumption in American culture, globalization, and the business practices of large corporations, as well as their economic and cultural effects on American society, as seen through the prism of activist/performance artist Bill Talen, who goes by the alias of "Reverend Billy", and his troupe of activists, whose street theater performances take the form of a church choir called "The Church of Stop Shopping," that sings anti-shopping and anti-corporate songs. The film follows Billy and his choir as they take a cross-country trip in the month prior to Christmas 2005, and spread their message against what they perceive as the evils of patronizing the retail outlets of several different large corporate chains.'] ['The young composer Arthur Sullivan is encouraged by his friends and fiancée, Grace, to pursue the creation of "serious" works, such as his cantata The Prodigal Son, but he is pleased by the acclaim that he receives for the music to the short comic opera Trial by Jury, a collaboration with dramatist W. S. Gilbert. Grace leaves him, telling him that he is wasting his musical gifts on triviality, foreshadowing criticism from the musical establishment that will follow Sullivan for the rest of his career. Still wrestling with this dilemma, Sullivan joins Gilbert and the impresario Richard D\'Oyly Carte in a partnership to create more light operas. Their subsequent operas, The Sorcerer and, especially, H.M.S. Pinafore, become so popular that they are pirated extensively in America. The entire company goes on tour there so that the partnership can profit from their fame in the new world. The Pirates of Penzance premieres in New York to much acclaim, and Carte soon builds a new theatre in London to present the partnership\'s operas. Everyone is delighted. The Savoy Theatre opens with the opening night of Iolanthe. Sullivan revels in the atmosphere of the premiere, while Gilbert, as usual, is nervous and apprehensive. At the opening, Carte demonstrates the safety of the theatre\'s innovative electric lighting. Sullivan conducts the performance, but Gilbert escapes the theatre to walk the streets, returning just in time to take a triumphant curtain call before the enthusiastic crowd. Nevertheless, Sullivan is unhappy writing comic opera. When Gilbert proposes a new piece involving the device of a magic lozenge, Sullivan objects that he wants to devote himself to serious music. Sullivan\'s friend, critic Joseph Bennett, writes a libretto for a cantata based on Henry Wadsworth Longfellow\'s The Golden Legend. Meanwhile, Gilbert, inspired by the sight of a Japanese sword hanging in his study, proposes a new plot, and Sullivan begins work. When Bennett goes to see Sullivan, he finds that The Mikado is being rehearsed instead of his cantata. He informs Sullivan that, if he would get around to finishing The Golden Legend, Queen Victoria will attend the premiere. Likewise, when Gilbert calls on Sullivan, he sees him rehearsing The Golden Legend, as Bennett stands watch. When Bennett dozes off, Sullivan turns back to The Mikado. After both works debut, Sullivan is knighted. The Queen inquires if he will write a grand opera. Just before the premiere of their next opera, Ruddigore, Sullivan asks Gilbert to write the libretto for his first grand opera. Gilbert declines, stating that in such a work the words play second fiddle to the music, and Sullivan is angered saying that he has always had to hold the music back so that the words could predominate, and that he no longer takes pleasure in writing comic operas. Ruddigore receives negative reviews and some negative audience response. Although the piece is eventually a financial success, author and composer remain at odds. Mrs. Helen Carte travels to Monte Carlo to see Sullivan on holiday. She gives him the news that her husband will build another theatre to present grand opera, and wants Sullivan to compose an opera for the theatre. Sullivan happily agrees, but at the same time, Gilbert has written a libretto for another comic opera. Sullivan also accepts this libretto, and The Gondoliers is another hit. Gilbert, suffering from gout, and in a particularly foul temper, examines the financial accounts of the partnership, seeing a large item for the purchase of a new carpet at the Savoy Theatre. He confronts Carte, at the new theatre, over lavish expenses. He also quarrels with Sullivan, and Gilbert announces that he will write no more Savoy operas. Sullivan\'s grand opera Ivanhoe debuts, and he presents a bound volume to the Queen. She commands a private performance at Windsor Castle but astonishes Sullivan by choosing to hear The Gondoliers. Apart from Gilbert, Sullivan comes to realise that his true gifts lie with light music. Richard and Helen Carte toast the arrival of the twentieth century, hoping for a revival of the Gilbert and Sullivan partnership. Stopping by at a rehearsal for a revival of The Yeomen of the Guard, Gilbert runs into Sullivan, after having been apart for years. Sullivan is ill and using a wheelchair. The two men make up and propose taking a curtain call together with Carte, all three of them in wheelchairs. During the performance, however, news arrives of Sullivan\'s death. Some years later, Gilbert is finally knighted.'] ['The film tells the story of middleweight boxer Rubin "Hurricane" Carter, whose conviction for a Paterson, New Jersey triple murder was set aside after he had spent almost 20 years in prison. Narrating Carter\'s life, the film concentrates on the period between 1966 and 1985. It describes his fight against the conviction for triple murder and how he copes with nearly twenty years in prison. In a parallel plot, an underprivileged youth from Brooklyn, Lesra Martin, becomes interested in Carter\'s life and destiny after reading Carter\'s autobiography, and convinces his Canadian foster family to commit themselves to his case. The story culminates with Carter\'s legal team\'s successful pleas to Judge H. Lee Sarokin of the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. In 1966, Rubin "Hurricane" Carter was a top-ranked middleweight boxer whom many fans expected to become the world\'s greatest champion in boxing. When three victims, specifically the club\'s bartender and a male and a female costumer, were shot to death in a bar in Paterson, New Jersey, Carter and his friend John Artis, driving home from another club in Paterson, were stopped and interrogated by the police. Although the police asserted that Carter and Artis were innocent and thus, "were never suspects," a man named Alfred Bello, a suspect himself in the killings, claimed that Carter and Artis were present at the time of the murders. On the basis of Bello\'s testimony, Carter and Artis were convicted of murder, claiming that Carter and Artis were the main suspects of the triple homicide in the club, and Carter was given three consecutive life sentences. Throughout the trial, Carter proclaimed his innocence, proving that his African-American race, his boxing career and status and his work as a civil rights activist were the real reasons for his conviction. Eight years later, Bello and a co-suspect, Arthur Bradley, who also claimed that Carter was present at the scene of the crimes, renounced and recanted their testimony. As a result, Carter and Artis were convicted once again. In the early 1980s, Brooklyn teenager Lesra Martin worked with a trio of Canadian activists to push the State of New Jersey to reinvestigate and rescrutinize Carter\'s case. In 1985, a Federal District Court ruled that the prosecution in Carter\'s second trial committed "grave constitutional violations" and that his conviction was based on racism rather than facts. Carter was finally freed, and he summed up his story by saying, "Hate got me into this place, love got me out."{{cite web}}'] ['The film opens to a young George  and his parents Fred  and Ermine  of Weymouth, Massachusetts. When George is ten years old, Fred files for bankruptcy and loses everything, but tries to make George realize that money is not important. As an adult, George moves to Southern California with his friend "Tuna" ; they meet Barbara , an airline stewardess, who introduces them to Derek Foreal , the main dealer. With Derek\'s help, George and Tuna make a lot of money. Kevin Dulli , a college student back in Boston, visits them and tells them of the enormous market &mdash; and demand &mdash; for pot in Boston. With Barbara\'s help, they start bringing the drugs to Boston. As the demand grows, they decide to start buying the drugs directly from Mexico with the help of a few minor Mexican drug lords. But two years later, George is caught in Chicago trying to import 660 pounds of marijuana and is sentenced to two years. After unsuccessfully trying to plead his innocence , George skips bail to take care of Barbara, who is suffering from, and eventually succumbs to, cancer. While hiding from the authorities, George visits his parents back in New England. While he is having a heart-to-heart talk with his father, George\'s mother calls the police, who come and arrest him. George is now sentenced to 26 months in a federal prison in Danbury, Connecticut. His cellmate Diego Delgado  has contacts in the Medellín cocaine cartel and convinces George to help him go into business. Upon his release from prison, George violates his parole conditions and heads down to Cartagena, Colombia to meet up with Diego. They meet with cartel officer Cesar Rosa to negotiate the terms for smuggling 15 kilograms to establish "good faith". As the smuggling operation grows, Diego gets arrested, leaving George to find a way to sell 50 kilos  and get the money in time. George reconnects with Derek in California, and the two successfully sell all 50 kilos in 36 hours, amassing a $1.35 million profit. George is then whisked off to Medellín, Colombia, where he finally meets the group\'s leader, Pablo Escobar , who agrees to go into business with them. With the help of main middleman Derek, the pair becomes Escobar\'s top US importer. However, Diego resents George for keeping Derek\'s identity secret and pressures George to reveal his connection. George eventually discovers that Diego has betrayed him by cutting him out of the connection with Derek. Inspired by the birth of his daughter and chastened by a subsequent drug-related heart attack, George severs his relationship with the cartel and vows to leave the drug business forever. All goes well with George\'s newfound civilian life for five years, until his wife Mirtha  organizes a 38th birthday party for him. Many of his former drug associates attend, including Derek, who reveals that Diego eventually cut him out as well. The party is raided by the FBI and George is arrested. Following his conviction, he becomes a fugitive. Meanwhile, his bank account &mdash; heretofore under Manuel Noriega\'s protection in Panama &mdash; is seized. One night, he and Mirtha get into a fight while driving. They are pulled over by police and Mirtha tells them Jung is a fugitive and has stashed a kilogram of cocaine in his trunk. He is sent to jail for three years, during which Mirtha divorces him and takes custody of their nine-year-old daughter, Kristina Sunshine Jung . On his release he finds himself struggling to keep his relationship with his daughter on good terms. George promises Kristina a vacation in California and seeks one last deal to garner enough money for the trip. George completes a deal with former accomplices but learns too late that the deal had been set up by the FBI and DEA, with Dulli and Derek having leaked the nature and location of the action in exchange for pardons for their involvement in his prior action. George is sentenced to 60 years at Otisville Correctional Facility in upstate New York. He explains in the end that neither the sentence nor the betrayal bothered him, but that he can never forgive himself for having to break a promise to his daughter. While in prison, George requests a furlough to see his dying father. His unforgiving mother denies the request, saying a visit would only upset George\'s father. He is given a tape recorder to record a final message to his father. In the message, George recounts his memories of working with his father, his run-ins with the law, and finally, too late, his understanding of what his father meant when he said that money is not "real". The film closes with George as an old man in prison, imagining that his daughter  finally comes to visit him. She slowly fades away as a guard calls for George. The film concludes with notes indicating that Jung\'s sentence will not expire until 2015, and that his daughter has yet to visit him .{{cite web}} The film\'s final image is a photograph of the actual George Jung.'] ['Emmy Coer is a computer scientist obsessed with Countess Ada Lovelace, author of the first computer algorithm, written for Charles Babbage\'s "difference engine". She finds a way of communicating with people in the past by way of "undying information waves". In the film, Ada\'s ideas are portrayed as limited by discrimination against women in technology, science and mathematics in her time. Much of the story revolves around Coer\'s attempts to use genetic engineering to bring Countess Lovelace into the present.'] [' Heynick op cit., pp. 29-31, which contains a more extensive and detailed plot summary The titles and credits open with a scene  of a triumphant street procession and a jubilant crowd hailing William Morton  with signs such as "Pain is no more," followed by the written prologue. Next, an old Eben Frost  is seen heading throught the snow to the farmhouse of Morton\'s aging widow Lizzie . On the way he stops at a pawnshop and redeems a medal once awarded to Morton inscribed "To the benefactor of mankind." At the Morton home, Lizzie reminisces to Frost about her late husband and their life together, although the nature of Morton\'s achievement is vague. In the brief first flashback , Morton mortgages his farm to pay for a trip to Washington to meet President Franklin Pierce . The president declares his intention to ratify a large monetary sum awarded to Morton by a grateful congress, but tells him that he should first legitimize his claim in court by filing a patent infringement suit against some army or navy doctor. The newspapers loudly denouce Morton\'s greed, the court declares his discovery unpatentable, and Morton runs amuk in a shop which is selling his discovery with no credit or royalties to him. The scene shifts back to the farmhouse and the aging Lizzie, who tells the details of the broken Morton\'s recent death and then continues her reminiscing, now about their life together before, during, and immediately after Morton\'s discovery. The second flashback, which makes up most of the movie, follows Morton and Lizzie\'s courtship, early married years, and his tribulations as a dentist with patients who fear the pain of dental operations. Morton consults his former professor Charles T. Jackson , who cantankerously suggests cooling the gums and roots with topical application of chloric ether. Morton ignorantly purchases a bottle of sulphuric ether and passes out when it evaporates in the living room of his home. Later, Morton\'s former partner Horace Wells comes by, telling of his discovery that nitrous oxide  could serve as an inhalable general anesthetic and asks Morton\'s assistance at a planned tooth extraction at Harvard Medical School before the class of prominent surgeon John Collins Warren . The demonstration fails  when the patient cries out. Wells, however is convinced of nitrous oxide\'s efficacy, but soon swears it off when his next patient almost fails to revive from an overdose. Morton, thinking back to his passing out from inadvertently inhaling suphuric ether vapor, wonders whether this instead could serve as an inhalable general anesthetic. He tries the gas on patient Frost, who goes beserk. Morton consults Jackson, who explains that the ether must be of the highly rectified type. The next trial with Frost succeeds, and Morton, who is camouflaging the smell of the sulphuric ether and calling it "Letheon," is soon raking in a fortune with his painless dentistry. However, Jackson and Wells now accuse Morton of having stolen their respective ideas. Morton is now thinking about the possible use of his "Letheon" in general surgery. He approaches surgeon Warren, who is highly sceptical, but agrees to a demonstration at Massachusetts General Hospital. The operation , the excising of a neck tumor before doctors and students in the operating theater, proceeds painlessly. Warren now schedules a public demonstration for a more serious operation -- a leg amputation. On the scheduled day, however, representatives of the state Medical Society, jealous of the success of this upstart dentist, demand that, in accordance with established medical ethics, Morton first reveal the chemical composition of his "Letheon." Morton refuses to do so until his pending patent is granted, but says that in the meantime he will let all hospitals and charitable institutions  use his compound free of charge. The Medical Society representatives declare this unacceptable and surgeon Warren says he has no alternative but to perform the scheduled amputation without anesthesia. As the bewildered Morton wanders through the hospital corridors, he comes across the girl whose leg is to amputated, being prayed over by a priest. Taking pity on her, he marches into the operating theater to reveal his secret to surgeon Warren -- and to the world.'] ['The film follows the true story of Dr. Dennis Slamon , who helped develop the breast cancer drug Herceptin, over the course of 8 years from 1988 to 1996. Dr. Slamon is a research doctor at UCLA Medical Center , where he has developed the experimental drug Herceptin, which he believes will become a treatment for breast cancer. However, when the drug company stops funding for research, philanthropists, including Lilly Tartikoff  and Ronald Perelman help him continue tests of the drug. Funding was done with an initial donation from Perelman\'s Revlon charity, and continued over the years with the "Fire and Ice Ball" organized by Tartikoff. Eventually the drug company funds the research and the drug goes through three trials before gaining approval from the FDA . Prior to the trials, the drug has a "mouse trial", with Nicole , a young mother with stage 4 cancer, receiving the drug first. Although her mother Elizabeth  pleads with Dr. Slamon, Nicole is not included in the subsequent trials as she does not meet the protocols. The women in the trials, particularly the first trial, band together. They handle their disease and drug trial, with humor—Tish , or with alternative therapy—Tina . The stories of Barbara  and Ellie  are followed throughout, as they go through the trials and eventual recovery. Some patients involved in the tests die, but ultimately Slamon\'s work with the drug changes the course of breast cancer treatment.'] ['After selling stolen paintings to the UVF Cahill realizes he has made a dangerous mistake. When the PIRA hear of this, they order his assassination, which is carried out on 18 August 1994.'] ['During the American War of Independence, the settlement of Boonesborough, Kentucky is besieged by both hostile Indian tribes and the British. Overtures of peace fail that culminates in a frontal assault on the fort.'] ['Robert Ford seeks out Jesse James when the James gang is planning a train robbery in Blue Cut, Missouri, making petty, unsuccessful attempts to join the gang with his brother Charley\'s help, an existing member of the James gang. The train turns out to be carrying only a fraction of the money originally thought, and Frank James informs Charley Ford that the robbery would be the last the James brothers would commit, and that the gang had "gave up their nightridin\' for good". Jesse returns home to Kansas City, bringing the Fords, Dick Liddil and his cousin, Wood Hite. Jesse sends Charley, Wood and Dick away, but insists that Bob stay, leading Bob to believe Jesse has taken a shine to him. It transpires that Jesse only required Bob to stay to assist him moving his furniture to a new home. Jesse then allows him to stay with the James family for a few extra days. Bob spends these days obsessing over Jesse, before being sent away to return to his sister\'s farmhouse and rejoin Wood, Dick and Charley. Dick Liddil reveals to Bob that he is in cahoots with another member of the James gang, Jim Cummins, to capture Jesse for a substantial bounty. Meanwhile, Jesse visits another gang member, Ed Miller, who unwittingly gives away information on Cummins\' plot. Jesse kills Miller, then departs with Dick Liddil to hunt down Jim Cummins. Unable to locate Jim, Jesse viciously beats Albert Ford, a young cousin of Bob and Charley. Dick returns to the Bolton\'s farmhouse, and is involved in a dispute with Wood Hite, ending in Wood\'s death at the hands of Robert Ford. Hite\'s body is dumped in the woods, in an effort to conceal this from Jesse. Jesse and Charley Ford travel to St. Joseph, Missouri, and Jesse learns of Wood\'s disappearance, which Charley denies knowing anything about. Meanwhile, Bob approaches Kansas City police commissioner, Henry Craig, revealing that he has information regarding Jesse James\'s whereabouts. To prove his allegiance with the James gang, Bob urges Craig to arrest Dick Liddil. Following Dick\'s arrest, and subsequent confession to his involvement in numerous James gang robberies, Bob brokers a deal with the Governor of Missouri, Thomas T. Crittenden, in which he is given 10 days to capture or kill Jesse James. After being persuaded by Charley, Jesse agrees to take Bob into the gang, and the Ford brothers travel to Jesse\'s home in St. Joseph, to stay with him, his wife Zee, and their two children. Jesse plans numerous robberies with the Fords, beginning with the Platte City bank. On the morning of 3 April, 1882, Jesse and the Ford brothers prepare to depart for the Platte City robbery. After reading the morning newspaper, Jesse learns of the arrest and confessions of Dick Liddil. The Fords excuse themselves into the living room, and put on their gun holsters. Jesse removes his own gun belt, lest he look suspicious to the neighbours, and climbs a chair to clean a dusty picture. Robert Ford shoots Jesse James in the back of the head, and the Ford brothers flee the James household, sending a telegram to the Governor to announce Jesse\'s killing. After the assassination, the Fords become celebrities with a theater show in Manhattan, re-enacting the assassination with Bob playing himself, and Charley as Jesse James. Guilt-stricken, Charley pens numerous letters to Zee James asking for her forgiveness, none of which he mails. Overwhelmed with despair and terminally ill from tuberculosis, Charles Ford commits suicide in May 1884. On June 8, 1892, Bob is sought out and murdered by a man named Edward O\'Kelley, while working as a saloonkeeper in Creede, Colorado. O\'Kelley is later pardoned for the killing.'] ['In 1947, John Nash  arrives at Princeton University. He is co-recipient, with Martin Hansen , of the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship for mathematics. At a reception he meets a group of other promising math and science graduate students, Richard Sol , Ainsley , and Bender . He also meets his roommate Charles Herman , a literature student, and an unlikely friendship begins. Nash comes under increasing pressure to publish, both from the mathematics department chairman and in the form of rivalry with Hansen. But he refuses until he finds a truly original idea. His inspiration comes when he and his fellow graduate students discuss how to approach a group of women at a bar. Hansen quotes Adam Smith and advocates "every man for himself", but Nash argues that a cooperative approach would lead to better chances of success. This leads to a new concept of governing dynamics which Nash develops and publishes. On the strength of this he is offered an appointment at MIT where Sol and Bender join him. Some years later, Nash is invited to the Pentagon to crack encrypted enemy telecommunication. Nash is able to decipher the code mentally, to the astonishment of other codebreakers. He considers his regular duties at MIT uninteresting and beneath his talents, so he is pleased to be given a new assignment by mysterious supervisor William Parcher  of the United States Department of Defense, to look for patterns in magazines and newspapers in order to thwart a Soviet plot. Nash becomes increasingly obsessive about searching for these hidden patterns and believes he is followed when he delivers his results to a secret mailbox. Meanwhile a student, Alicia Larde , asks him to dinner, and the two fall in love. On a return visit to Princeton, Nash runs into his former roommate Charles and meets Charles\' young niece Marcee , whom he adores. With Charles\' encouragement he proposes to Alicia and they marry. Nash begins to fear for his life after witnessing a shootout between Parcher and Soviet agents. He tells Parcher that he wants to quit his special assignment but Parcher blackmails him into staying. While delivering a guest lecture at Harvard University , Nash attempts to flee from what appear to be foreign agents, led by Dr. Rosen . After punching Rosen in an attempt to flee, Nash is forcibly sedated and sent to a psychiatric facility. He believes the facility is run by the Soviets who are trying to extract information from him. Dr. Rosen tells Alicia that Nash has schizophrenia and that Charles, Marcee and Parcher exist only in his imagination. Alicia investigates and finally confronts Nash with the unopened documents he had delivered to the secret mailbox. Nash is given a course of insulin shock therapy and eventually released. Frustrated with the side-effects of the antipsychotic medication he is taking, he secretly stops taking it. But this causes a relapse and he meets Parcher again. After an incident where Nash endangers his infant son and accidentally knocks Alicia and the baby to the ground , she flees the house in fear with their child. Nash steps in front of her car to prevent her from leaving. He tells Alicia, "She never gets old", referring to Marcee, who although years have passed since their first encounter, has remained exactly the same age and is still a little girl. With this, he finally accepts that although all three people seem real, they are in fact part of his hallucinations. Against Dr. Rosen\'s advice, Nash decides not to restart his medication, believing that he can deal with his symptoms in another way. Alicia decides to stay and support him in this. Nash approaches his old friend and rival, Martin Hansen, now head of the Princeton mathematics department, who grants him permission to work out of the library and audit classes. Years pass and as Nash grows older he learns to ignore his hallucinations. Eventually he earns the privilege of teaching again. In 1994, Nash is honored by his fellow professors for his achievement in mathematics, and goes on to win the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics for his revolutionary work on game theory. The movie ends as Nash and Alicia leave the auditorium in Stockholm; Nash sees Charles, Marcee, and Parcher standing to one side and watching him.'] ['The film begins showing the abstract expressionist Jackson Pollock  autographing illustrations in a copy of Life magazine for a woman at an art exhibit in 1950. The film flashes back to nine years earlier . At this time Pollock is usually drunk and makes a living by exhibiting a painting in occasional group art shows. He is living with his brother Charles Pollock, whom he calls Sande, in a tiny apartment in New York City. Sande\'s wife tells him that they are having a baby, perhaps indicating to Jackson that he needs to move out. Artist Lee Krasner shows up and takes an interest in him. Later, at dinner he learns that his brother is moving to Connecticut, as he\'s taken a job building army gliders to avoid a rumoured draft of married men not involved in war production. Sande\'s wife reveals that Jackson\'s Selective Service status is 4F. This means that Jackson cannot be drafted. Unable to handle conflicting feelings, Jackson has a convulsion and needs to be cared for. Lee learns from Sande that Jackson is diagnosed neurotic. However, Lee takes him home and decides to be his manager. One day, his old friend Ruben comes along with Howard Putzel who works for an art collector Peggy Guggenheim. Jackson seems more interested to meet Reuben than Howard. Peggy Guggenheim comes to see his art. She is initially very frustrated for having to wait, but gives him a contract to sell $2400 of paintings plus a commission to paint a mural of 8&nbsp;ft by 20&nbsp;ft on the entrance hall of her town house in New York City. His first exhibit fails to attract any buyers. After a New Year\'s Eve party, he almost gets in bed with Peggy but is too drunk to properly perform. Jackson returns to Lee in the morning. He is upset again when he learns of the death of Howard, falling back to the street in a drunken stupor and again returning to Lee. Lee, as always, takes him back. Lee then asks Jackson to make a decision: whether to marry her and continue painting art or "split up". Jackson surprisingly insists on a church wedding and Lee says she wants no guests. They decide to move to a country house by the ocean in Springs, NY, on Long Island. Jackson and Lee adopt an abandoned dog whom they name Gyp. Jackson is disheartened when Lee makes clear to Jackson that she does not want to have a baby, partly because she is happy to just live as two painters, partly because of his neurosis, and partly because of the pecuniary situation and his painting needs. At a get-together at Peggy Guggenheim\'s, despite art critic Clement Greenberg\'s comments, he shows that it\'s hard for him to change his finished painting to others\' liking. Jackson\'s pictures still aren\'t selling. At a poker party, while they talk about the situation, Clement mentions that things will change after Life Magazine\'s coverage and subsequent art exhibit. Lee gets jealous when Jackson hugs another woman. Meanwhile, Jackson tries doing other business for a living but his drinking gets in the way. He lies to Sande and family about the financial status and waits to see what will happen after Life Magazine\'s coverage. This time he tries to abstain from alcohol. Things get better after the magazine story. Later, A photographer, Hans Namuth, tries to make a film of Jackson as he paints. Hans\' movie-making interrupts the nature of Jackson\'s work and Jackson feels like a phony acting it out. Jackson loses patience and, much to Lee\'s disapproval, he takes to drinking again. The alcohol triggers his neurosis and he ruins Thanksgiving dinner. The film returns to the present in the art exhibit in 1950. Five years later Clement mentions that the Partisan Review is favoring Clyfford Still, and that his original technique of modern art could be the next direction of modern art. Jackson does not take it well. Lee accuses a drunk Jackson that it\'s because he\'s  taken to drinking. Jackson argues it\'s all because she won\'t have a child. Lee knows he\'s having an affair with Ruth Kligman. Lee says she won\'t give Jackson a divorce — no matter what. When Lee goes to Venice to visit Peggy Guggenheim, Jackson receives a call from her. After this call Jackson mentions to Ruth, "I owe the woman something". Ruth brings a friend, Edith Metzger, to visit Jackson. They go for a drive, but Jackson is quite drunk. There is a fatal car accident in which Jackson and Edith die; Ruth survives. The film ends with a mention that Lee survives another 28 years, continuing her painting career in Jackson\'s studio.'] [' During the 2008-09 Taking Chances Tour, Dion played concerts in 5 continents, 25 countries and 93 cities. Her first tour in 9 years was wildly successful, selling over 3 million tickets.<ref namehttp://www.celinedion.com/celinedion/english/whatsgoinon_pr.cgi?idCeline Dion Entertains the World in The Hot Ticket\'s Presentation of \'Celine: Through the Eyes of the World\' |work2009-12-03}} A small team did 800 hours of filming from South Africa to Omaha. The photo director Jean-François Perrault captured many great images of Dion all around the world. Intercutting concert performances of Dion\'s biggest hits with behind the scenes footage, the documentary depicts singer\'s life during the Taking Chances Tour, giving fans "the unique opportunity to follow Celine everywhere, on stage, backstage, enjoying free time with her family; this movie will show it all".{{cite web}} Sony\'s president of worldwide distribution, Rory Bruer said of the film: "For fans, this is a chance to both hear an artist in a theater setting with great sound, as well as take a look inside their lives. It isn\'t like seeing the person live, but it does add that huge element of intimacy".'] ["The film covers a later part of Gauguin's life  when he resigned his job as a stockbroker to paint full-time and journey to Polynesia. It documents how Gaugin befriended Pissarro, felt compelled to paint, abandoned his family and then chronicled his love of Tahitian life."] ['The film begins during a thunderstorm in 1505 as Luther is returning to his home. For fear of losing his life in the storm, Luther commits his life to God and becomes a monk. In the next scene it is 1507 and Luther is a monk in Erfurt. During his time at the monastery, he is constantly troubled by viewing God as a God of hate and vengeance. Martin is encouraged by Johann von Staupitz, an older monk who is his supervisor and mentor. Staupitz tells Luther to look to Christ instead of himself. Later Luther delivers a letter for Staupitz to Rome where he becomes troubled by the wicked lifestyles of those in the city. He also views the skull believed to be that of John the Baptist and purchases an indulgence. It is during this time that Luther begins to question the veracity of indulgences. Returning to Germany, Luther begins to teach his congregation that God is not a God of hate, but a God of love. Luther begins to emphasize the love of God instead of his judgment. John Tetzel then comes close to Luther\'s town where he scares the people into buying indulgences.  In his church, Luther denounces the indulgences, calling them "just a piece of paper." He then posts 95 theses on the door of the church, calling for an open debate regarding the indulgences. For this act, Luther is called to Augsburg where he is questioned by the church officials. After his excommunication, Pope Leo X orders Luther to be delivered to Rome, but Frederick the Wise of Saxony protects him. Frederick and Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor decide that Luther will be tried at Worms. After his trial at Worms, Luther is forced into hiding with Frederick the Wise, while his former professor, Andreas Karlstadt, encourages the peasants to revolt against the oppressive nobles. Luther, shocked by the revolts, encourages the princes to put down the rebellion. Meanwhile, Luther translates the Bible into German. After Luther marries Katharina von Bora, Charles V summons the electors of the Holy Roman Empire to Augsburg so he can force them to outlaw Protestantism and the German Bible. The nobles refuse and Charles is forced to allow the nobles to read their confession of faith. The film ends with the following words:  What happened at Augsburg pushed open the door of religious freedom. Martin Luther lived for another 16 years, preaching and teaching the Word. He and Katharina von Bora enjoyed a happy marriage and six children. Luther\'s influence extended into economics, politics, education and music, and his translation of the Bible became a foundation stone of the German language. Today over 540 million people worship in churches inspired by his Reformation.'] ["When she was 16 years old, Laurie met and fell in love with an older man, 31-year-old Bruce Kellogg. She soon moves in with him and doesn't know that her stepfather actually sold her to him for $500. They are happy at first, but it soon becomes clear that he has an obsession with young girls. Naive, Laurie doesn't notice anything and does everything to please him. Bruce grows to become more violent and begins regularly beating her up. Laurie eventually encourages her teenage friends to kill him. After the murder, she is charged with the killing of her husband. From thereon, it is up to her to prove that she was a victim of domestic violence."] ['Heinrich Harrer  and his pregnant wife Ingrid  are being driven to the train station in Graz, for Harrer\'s departure on an expedition to Nanga Parbat in the Himalayas. Harrer, Aufschnaiter , and the expedition group arrive and begin climbing the mountain. After an avalanche, Aufschnaiter orders the group to retreat back to the base, despite Harrer\'s determination to reach the summit. On reaching the base, they learn that Britain has declared war on Germany, so they are arrested by British Indian authorities and taken by truck to Dehra Dun prison camp. Ingrid writes to Harrer with divorce papers. After several unsuccessful escape attempts, Aufschnaiter manages to steal a British uniform and several of the prisoners escape. The members of the group go separate ways, with Harrer heading for northern India. The rest of the group, apart from Aufschnaiter, have been recaptured. Aufschnaiter plans to travel to eastern China to find work. They cross the border into Tibet and set out east, but are intercepted by two men on horseback who tell them that foreigners are strictly forbidden in Tibet because of an ominous prophecy from the 13th Dalai Lama. They are brought back to India, but they escape and climb up the Qinghai-Tibetan Plateau. Harrer and Aufschnaiter join pilgrims traveling to Lhasa, covering their faces to avoid recognition as foreigners. When they try to steal food, Kungo Tsarong ([[Mako  invites them to stay at his home. At the guest quarters of Tsarong\'s home a Tibetan tailor named Pema Lhaki arrives to measure the two men; though both Aufschnaiter and Harrer take interest in her, Aufschnaiter wins her over and subsequently marries her. The foreigners are observed through a telescope by the young Dalai Lama from the nearby Potala Palace. The Tibetan regent, Ngawang Jigme , on orders of the suspicious government in Lhasa, visits the Chinese embassy in the city and tells the officials there to stop subsidizing the monasteries. A Chinese official offers to bribe Ngawang Jigme, but he refuses. The Dalai Lama\'s mother ([[Jetsun Pema  instructs Harrer on courtesy when meeting the Dalai Lama. Harrer enters the interior halls of the Potala Palace. At the Dalai Lama\'s request, Harrer begins tutoring the Dalai Lama in world geography and the ways of the west. While Harrer and Afschnaiter are attending a party, a Tibetan turns on the radio and a Chinese announcer proclaims that they plan to invade Tibet. At a meeting with the cabinet, the regent issues an order to banish all Chinese people from Tibet. That night, the Dalai Lama has a prophetic nightmare of Chinese atrocities near the Tibetan border in Taktser, his birthplace, with monasteries being burnt down. Three Chinese generals fly to Lhasa to speak with the Dalai Lama, but they are visibly contemptuous of him and the leader of the delegation tells Ngawang Jigme that "religion is poison". The Dalai Lama sends Ngawang Jigme to lead the Tibetan army at the border town of Chamdo to halt a Chinese advance, but Ngawang Jigme surrenders and then blows up the Tibetan ammunitions dump after a sadly one-sided battle in which hundreds of Tibetans are slaughtered by better equipped and trained Chinese troops. During a treaty signing in Lhasa, Kungo Tsarong tells Harrer that if Jigme had not destroyed the weapons supply, Tibetan guerillas could have held the mountain passes, buying time to appeal to other nations for help. As the Chinese take control of Tibet, Harrer visits Ngawang Jigme to menace him about "betraying his culture". The Dalai Lama, now fifteen years old, is formally enthroned as the spiritual and temporal leader of Tibet. Harrer pays a final visit to the Lama on top of the Potala and prays with him. Harrer bids farewell to Aufschnaiter and Pema and returns to Austria in 1951 to visit his son Rolf, now a young boy. His son refused to meet with him. Harrer left the music box that was given by the Dalai Lama when he departed Tibet. Harrer and Rolf are seen mountain-climbing, suggested he did mend his relationship with his son at the end of the film. The film ends with a series of title cards that list figures that quantify the death and destruction as a result of Chinese occupation. Harrer kept a good relationship with Dalai Lama after he fled from Tibet to India.'] ['Young Murphy  grows up in a large, poor sharecropper family in Texas. His father deserts them around 1939–40, leaving his mother  barely able to feed her nine children. As the eldest son, Murphy works from an early age to help support his siblings, and when his mother dies in 1941 he becomes head of the family. His brothers and sisters are sent to a elder sister, Corrine; who Murphy sends his GI allotment pay. When World War II breaks out, Murphy  is eager to enlist, but is rejected by the Marines, the Navy, and the Army paratroopers due to his small size and youthful appearance. Finally the Army reluctantly accepts him as an ordinary infantryman. After basic and infantry training, Murphy is shipped out to the Third Infantry Division in North Africa as a replacement. Because of his youthful looks, he endures jokes about "infants" being sent into combat. Murphy soon proves himself in battle, however, and is steadily promoted, at first against his will, eventually receiving a battlefield commission in the rank of second lieutenant. During his many battles in Sicily, Italy, and France, he gains the respect of his men and becomes especially close to fellow soldiers Johnson , Brandon , and Kerrigan ([[Jack Kelly . Gregg Palmer, later a western television actor, appears as Lieutenant Manning. The action for which Murphy was awarded the Medal of Honor is depicted near the end of the film. In January 1945, near Holtzwihr, France, Murphy\'s company is forced to retreat in the face of a fierce German attack. However, Murphy remains behind at the edge of a forest to direct artillery fire on the advancing enemy infantry and armor. As the Germans close on his position, Murphy jumps onto an abandoned M4 Sherman tank  and uses its .50-caliber machine gun to hold the enemy at bay, even though the vehicle is on fire and may explode at any moment. Although wounded and dangerously exposed to enemy fire, Murphy single-handedly turns back the German attack, thereby saving his company. While the film depicted this action taking place in balmy weather and good visibility in terrain of rolling hills, it actually took place in the bitter winter of 1945 at the edge of a forest on the flat Alsatian Plain in conditions of poor visibility. After a period of hospitalization, he is returned to duty. The film concludes with Murphy\'s Medal of Honor ceremony shortly after the war ends.'] ["The film stars Helen Mirren as the philosopher and novelist Ayn Rand, who engages in an affair with a psychologist 25 years her junior by the name of Nathaniel Branden, played by Eric Stoltz. Branden built up an institute to spread Rand's ideas, but the two eventually had a falling out. The film also stars Julie Delpy as Branden's wife, Barbara, and Peter Fonda as Rand's husband Frank O'Connor."] ["During the late 16th century, Catholics and Protestant Huguenots are fighting over political control of France, which is ruled by the neurotic, hypochondriac King Charles IX , and his mother, Catherine de' Medici , a scheming power player. Catherine decides to make an overture of goodwill by offering up her daughter Margot  in marriage to Henri de Bourbon , a prominent Huguenot and King of Navarre, although she also schemes to bring about the notorious St. Bartholomew's Day Massacre of 1572, when thousands of Protestants are slaughtered. The marriage goes forward but Margot, who does not love Henri, begins a passionate affair with the soldier La Môle , also a Protestant from a well-to-do family. Murders by poisoning follow, as court intrigues multiply and Queen Catherine's villainous plotting to place her son the Duke of Anjou  on the throne threatens the lives of La Môle, Margot and Henri of Navarre. A book with pages painted with arsenic is intended for Henri but instead causes the slow, agonizing death of King Charles. Henri escapes to Navarre and sends La Môle to fetch Margot, but Guise apprehends him. La Môle is beheaded in the Bastille before Margot can save him, and King Charles finally dies. Margot escapes carrying La Môle's embalmed head as Anjou is proclaimed King of France as Henry III."] ['Richard Steven Valenzuela  is a normal teenage boy who becomes a rock \'n\' roll superstar under the stage name Ritchie Valens. He meets and falls in love with fellow high school student Donna Ludwig , for whom he wrote a song that became a number one hit ([[Donna . However, Donna\'s father is shown as having issues with his daughter dating a Hispanic-American, which causes friction between Ritchie and Donna. The movie also has several subplots, such as his relationship with his mother Connie Valenzuela  and half-brother Bob Morales , and the jealousy Bob felt toward Ritchie because of Ritchie\'s success. In one scene, Bob won an important art contest that helps promising cartoonists, only to throw away his prize because, in his mind, his mother doesn\'t seem to care enough. Bob resorts to drinking heavily and, at one point, leads him to end up crying in front of his mother\'s door, yelling, "I want to see my daughter!" in reference to the child he sired with Ritchie\'s first girlfriend Rosie . However, when they get an opportunity, Ritchie and Bob sneak out for a good time. On one occasion, they take a road trip to Tijuana, visiting one of the local nightclubs where Ritchie discovers the song that would eventually become his signature song, "La Bamba".  The film also focuses on Ritchie\'s aviophobia , and a recurring dream he has as a result of a midair collision between two planes that actually occurred directly over Ritchie\'s school, in which Ritchie\'s best friend was crushed to death by one of the fallen aircraft . Eventually, Ritchie must conquer his fear when asked to perform his song "Donna" on American Bandstand. Ritchie\'s record producer and manager, Bob Keane , helps him by giving him a little vodka to calm his nerves during the flight to Philadelphia for the Bandstand appearance. As Ritchie becomes more famous, his responsibilities change. He has to go on the ill-fated Winter Party Dance Tour with Buddy Holly  and "The Big Bopper" ([[Stephen Lee  after his hits, "La Bamba" and "Donna", reach the top of the Billboard charts. Valens, Holly, and Bopper take off in an airplane during a snowstorm for their fateful flight on February 3, 1959 . Before the ill-fated flight, Ritchie makes a call to his brother, wherein they patch up their differences. He even invites Bob to fly out to Chicago to join the tour for family support. The next day, as Bob is fixing his mother\'s car, he hears the news bulletin on the radio that his brother\'s plane crashed without any survivors. Bob darts out of his driveway in an attempt to get to his mother before she hears the bad news through the radio. Unfortunately, by the time he gets there she stands immobile. The news hits the Valenzuela family, Bob Keane, and Donna very hard. In the final scene, the cars to Ritchie\'s funeral are shown driving slowly and Bob is seen walking over a bridge and screaming out Ritchie\'s name, remembering all the good times they had together , accompanied by the instrumental Sleep Walk. We then see Lou Diamond Phillips , backed by the Mexican American rock band Los Lobos, performing Valens\' version of "La Bamba" accompanied by the closing credits.'] ["The film is based on the life of Alexander the Great, King of Macedon, who conquered Asia Minor, Egypt, Persia and part of Ancient India. Shown are some of the key moments of Alexander's youth, his invasion of the mighty Persian Empire and his death. It also outlines his early life, including his difficult relationship with his father Philip II of Macedon, his strained feeling towards his mother Olympias, the unification of the Greek city-states and the two Greek Kingdoms  under the Hellenic League,Bowra, C.M., [1957] , The Greek Experience, London: Phoenix, Orion Books Ltd, ISBN 1-85799-122-2, p. 9. and the conquest of the Persian Empire in 331 BC. It also details his plans to reform his empire and the attempts he made to reach the end of the then known world. The story begins 40 years after 323 BC, around 283 BC, with Ptolemy I Soter, who narrates throughout the film. We see Alexander's daily life and the strained relationship between his parents. Alexander grows up with his mother Olympias and his tutor Aristotle, where he finds interest in love, honour, music, exploration, poetry and military combat. His relationship with his father is destroyed when Philip marries Attalus's niece, Eurydice. After Philip is assassinated, Alexander becomes king of Macedonia. Having briefly mentioned his punitive razing of Thebes and burning of Persepolis, Ptolemy gives an overview of Alexander's west-Persian campaign, including his being declared as the son of Zeus by the Oracle of Amun at Siwa Oasis, his great battle against the Persian Emperor Darius III in the Battle of Gaugamela and his eight-year campaign across Asia. Also shown are Alexander's private relationships with his childhood friend Hephaestion and later his wife Roxana. Hephaestion compares Alexander to Achilles, to which Alexander replies that, if he is Achilles, Hephaestion must be his Patroclus . When Hephaestion mentions that Patroclus died first, Alexander pledges that, if Hephaestion should die first, he will follow him into the afterlife. Hephaestion shows extensive jealousy when he sees Alexander with Roxana and deep sadness when he marries her, going so far as to attempt to keep her away from him after Alexander murders Cleitus the Black in India. After initial objection from his soldiers, Alexander convinces them to join him into his final and bloodiest battle, The Battle of Hydaspes. He is severely injured with an arrow but survives and is celebrated. Later on, Hephaestion succumbs to an unknown illness either by chance or perhaps poison, speculated in the movie to be Typhus carried with him from India. Alexander, full of grief and anger, distances himself from his wife, despite her pregnancy, believing that she has killed Hephaestion. He dies less than three months after Hephaestion, in the same manner, keeping his promise that he would follow him."] ['Oliver Cromwell is a courageous and God-fearing country squire, magistrate and former member of Parliament. King Charles I\'s policies, including the enclosing of common land for the use of wealthy landowners and the introduction of "Popish" and "Romish" rituals into the Church of England, have become increasingly annoying to many, including Cromwell. In fact Charles regards himself as a devout Anglican, permitting his French Queen to practise Roman Catholicism in private but forbidding her to bring up the young Prince of Wales in that faith. Cromwell plans to take his family to the New World, but, on the eve of their departure, he is persuaded by his friends to stay and resume a role in politics. Charles has summoned Parliament for the first time in eleven years, as he needs money in order to fight wars against the Scots and the Irish. Although he reluctantly agrees to execute his hated adviser the Earl of Strafford, the Parliament of England will still not grant him his requests unless he agrees to reforms that could lead to a constitutional monarchy. Committed to the divine right of kings, and under pressure from his queen to stand firm, Charles refuses. When he attempts to arrest five members of Parliament , war breaks out in England itself, Parliament against the king, both sides convinced that God is on their side. When the Parliamentary forces in which Cromwell is a cavalry officer proved ineffective, he sets up the New Model Army and soon turns the tide against the king. Charles goes so far as to call on help from Catholic nations, which disgusts his Protestant supporters. He is finally defeated but, a brave man in his own way, he still refuses to give in to the demands of Cromwell and his associates for a system of government in which Parliament will have as much say in the running of the country as the king. Cromwell—who has had to maintain discipline in the highly politicised New Model Army by hanging a ringleader of an incipient mutiny—later hears from Sir Edward Hyde, the king\'s once-loyal adviser, that Charles has secretly been raising a Catholic army to resume the war against Parliament. He and his supporters thus have Charles put on trial for treason. Charles, found guilty and sentenced to death, faces execution bravely and even his most ardent critics are moved by his dignity. There is little celebration or satisfaction over his death, even on Cromwell\'s part. However, Parliament soon proves itself just as useless in governing the country and, like the late king, Cromwell is forced to undertake a coup d\'etat. But where Charles failed, Cromwell succeeds: his troops remove the MPs from the House of Commons, leaving Cromwell sitting symbolically alone in the Chamber as virtual dictator. The movie ends with a voice-over stating that Cromwell served very successfully for five years as Lord Protector before Charles I\'s son, Charles II, returned as king of an England "never to be the same again".'] ['In the 1890s, young Harry Houdini is performing with a Coney Island carnival as Bruto, the Wild Man, when Bess, a naive onlooker, tries to protect him from the blows of Schultz, his "trainer." Harry then appears as magician The Great Houdini and, spotting Bess in the audience, invites her on stage. Harry flirts with the unsuspecting Bess during his act, but she flees from him in a panic. When Bess shows up to watch Harry perform two more times, however, he corners her. Bess admits her attraction, and soon after, the two appear at Harry\'s mother\'s house, newly married. Bess becomes Harry\'s onstage partner, touring the country with him, but soon grows tired of the low pay and grueling schedule. After Bess convinces Harry to take a job in a locksmith factory, Harry works as a lock tester while fantasizing about escaping from one of the factory\'s large safes. On Halloween, Harry and Bess attend a special magicians\' dinner at the Hotel Astor, during which magician Fante offers a prize to anyone who can free himself from a straightjacket. Harry accepts the challenge and, through intense concentration, extricates himself from the jacket, greatly impressing Fante. Afterward, however, Fante advises Harry to "drop it," noting that Johann Von Schweger, a German magician, retired at the height of his career after performing a similar feat, fearful of his own talents. Bess then persuades Harry to give her his prize, a single, round-trip boat ticket to Europe, so that she can cash it in for a down payment on a house. Later, at the factory, Harry locks himself inside one of the big safes, determined to make an escape. Before he can get out, however, the foreman orders the safe blown open, then fires Harry. That night, in front of his mother, Harry and Bess argue about their future, and frustrated by Bess\'s insistence that he quit magic, Harry walks out. Soon, a contrite Bess finds Harry performing with a carnival and presents him with two one-way tickets to Europe. Sometime later, at a London theater, Harry and Bess are concluding their magic act when a reporter named Dooley challenges Harry to break out of one of Scotland Yard\'s notoriously secure jail cells. Harry, who hired Dooley to issue the challenge, accepts the challenge, unaware that the jail\'s cells do not have locks in the door, but on the outside wall. Despite the added difficulty, the dexterous, determined Houdini picks the cell lock and appears on time for his next performance. Now billed as the "man who escaped from Scotland Yard," Harry begins a successful tour of Europe with Bess. In Berlin, Harry is joined by his mother and begins searching for the reclusive Von Schweger. While performing an impromptu levitation trick with Bess at a restaurant, Harry is arrested for fraud. During his trial, Harry denies that he ever made claims to supernatural powers, insisting that all his tricks are accomplished through physical means. To prove his point, Harry locks himself in a safe in the courtroom and breaks out a few minutes later, noting that safe locks are designed to keep thieves out, not in. Vindicated, Harry then goes to see Von Schweger, who finally has responded to his queries, but learns from Von Schweger\'s assistant, Otto, that the magician died two days earlier. Otto reveals that Von Schweger summoned Harry to ask him the secret of "dematerialization," a feat he accomplished once but could not repeat. Although Harry demurs, Otto insists on becoming Harry\'s new assistant and travels with him to New York. There, Harry finds he is virtually unknown, so for publicity, hangs upside down on a skyscraper flagpole, constrained by a straightjacket. Harry executes the escape and soon makes a name for himself in America. To prepare to be submerged in a box in the chilly Detroit River, Harry bathes in an ice-filled bathtub. During the trick, which takes place on Halloween, the rope holding the box breaks, and the box drops upside down into an opening in the ice-covered river. Although Harry manages to escape from the box, the current drags him downstream, and he struggles to find air pockets under the ice and swim back to the opening. Above, Bess and the horrified audience assume Harry has drowned and proclaim his demise. To Bess\'s relief, Harry shows up later at their hotel, admitting that he heard his mother\'s voice, directing him toward the opening. Just then, Harry receives word that his mother died at the exact time that he heard her voice. This plotline was highly fictionalized, as Houdini\'s mother actually died, not in winter, but in the height of summer, on July 17, 1913. Two years later in New York, Harry, who has not performed since his mother\'s death, reveals to Simms, a reporter, that he has been trying to contact his mother\'s spirit, without success. Harry invites Simms to attend a seance with him, and after the medium appears to have communicated with his mother, Harry and Otto expose her as a fake. After a public crusade against phony mediums, Harry decides to return to the stage and builds a watery torture cell for the occasion. Terrified, Bess threatens to leave Harry unless he drops the dangerous trick, and he agrees not to perform it. Before the show, Harry admits to Otto that his appendix is tender, but goes on, despite the pain. When the audience noisily demands that he perform the advertised "water torture" trick, Harry succumbs and is immersed, upside down, in a tank of water. Weak, Harry cannot execute the escape and loses consciousness. Otto breaks the tank\'s glass, and after reviving, Harry vows to a weeping Bess that he will come back.'] ["The film follows Quentin Crisp’s move in the late 1970s from London to New York, where he was embraced by celebrities and artists.<ref namehttp://www.variety.com/article/VR1117990954.html?categoryid1|authorCynthia Nixon joins 'Englishman'|work22 August 2008|accessdate http://web.archive.org/web/20080917074849/http://www.variety.com/article/VR1117990954.html?categoryid1| archivedate no}}"] ['\'Emile\' is the third in a loose trilogy of films written and directed by Carl Bessai, all exploring aspects of personal identity. The first, \'Johnny\', looked at a teenager with his life ahead of them, the second, \'Lola\', portrayed a middle-aged woman trying to escape an abusive relationship, and \'Emile\' is a Proustian examination of memory, imagination, regret, lost roots, and the possibility of redemption and reconciliation, all seen through the eyes of an old man whose life is almost over. As a young man, Emile went to England on a university scholarship, leaving behind his brutal older brother Carl and his creative younger brother Freddy to run the family farm in Saskatchewan. Despite promising Freddy that he would return, Emile stayed in England and became an academic, turning his back on his Canadian past and even acquiring an English accent, while his brothers died one after the other in tragic circumstances: Freddy gassing himself with exhaust fumes in his pick-up; Carl dying in a crash in the same pick-up. On his brief return  the authorities think he is there to adopt Carl\'s young daughter Nadia, but he abandons her simply saying "single parent families are not allowed on campus". All he is there to do is to resolve the family land-holdings. Invited many decades later to receive an honorary degree by a Canadian university, the retired Emile decides to take an extended visit to Victoria, British Columbia to try to get to know Carl\'s now adult daughter Nadia  who has recently separated from her husband, and her ten-year old daughter Maria  before it is too late. The discovery of his ancient typewriter amongst Nadia\'s belongings triggers a series of reveries, half memory, half fantasy, in which Emile\'s unresolved feelings about the past come back to haunt him.http://www.movie-gazette.com'] ["It follows five women reporters and the challenges they face as they work in Iraq during the Second Gulf War. Molly Bingham is an experienced photographer who was held for several days at Abu Ghraib prison at the start of the war. Marie Colvin was a reporter who lost her eye to a grenade while working in Sri Lanka. Janine di Giovanni has to deal with the difficulties of becoming a mother and still working to fulfill her duties as a journalist. Mary Rogers is a camerawoman who continues to put herself in harm's way in an effort to get the proper footage to cover her stories."] ["Set between 1910 and 1915, the story follows Jack Jefferson (James Earl Jones; patterned after real life boxer [[Jack Johnson  going on a hot streak of victories in the boxing ring as he defeats every white boxer around. Soon the press and other whites announce the search for a 'great white hope', a boxer who will defeat Jefferson for the Heavyweight title. Meanwhile, Jefferson prepares for a few more matches, but he lets his guard down by courting the beautiful  Eleanor Bachman , and when everyone, including Jack's black 'wife', discover this, the tensions grow to fever pitch. Jack's close black friends become scared over his pushing the envelope of success and the white authorities conspire to nail him with unlawful sexual relations with Eleanor and taking away his title. It leads to jealousy, a run from the law, and finally, disaster."] ["The film opens with Oscar Wilde's 1882 visit to Leadville, Colorado during his lecture tour of the United States. Despite his flamboyant personality and urbane wit, he proves to be a success with the local silver miners as he regales them with tales of Renaissance silversmith Benvenuto Cellini. Wilde returns to London and weds Constance Lloyd , and they have two sons in quick succession. While their second child is still an infant, the couple hosts a young Canadian named Robbie Ross , who seduces Wilde and helps him come to terms with his homosexuality. On the opening night of his play Lady Windermere's Fan, Oscar is re-introduced to the dashingly handsome and openly foppish poet Lord Alfred Douglas , whom he had met briefly the year before, and the two fall into a passionate and tempestuous relationship. Hedonistic Alfred is not content to remain monogamous and frequently engages in sexual activity with rent boys while his older lover plays the role of voyeur. Alfred's father, the Marquess of Queensberry , objects to his son's relationship with Oscar and demeans the playwright shortly after the opening of The Importance of Being Earnest. When Oscar sues the Marquess for criminal libel against him, his homosexuality is publicly exposed; he is eventually tried for gross indecency and sentenced to two years' hard labour. In prison, he is visited by his wife, who tells him she isn't divorcing him but is taking their sons to Germany and that he is welcome to visit as long as he never sees Douglas again. Oscar is released from prison and goes straight into exile to continental Europe. In spite of the advice or objections of others, he eventually meets with Alfred. Throughout the film, portions of the well-loved Wilde story The Selfish Giant are woven in, first by Wilde telling the story to his children, then as narrator, finishing the story as the film ends."] 